 is that rule just for this subreddit? 




 true, but when I saw Elysium, I read it as the Third World under socialism versus the Capitalist West. 




 I am new 




 as long as they write it down, something happens that is different in learning. 




 I always thought the M Ms story about David Lee Roth was an urban legend. 




 The global tea crop was requisitioned in world war 2 so that British troops deployed in the field could drink the purified water with tea.

1940s purified water is not nice to taste, I am told.

The Americans used coffee for the same purpose. 




 a greatly under-played but key part of the Glorious Revolution was the Mutiny Act of 1689.

This Act was passed in 1689 in response to the mutiny of a large portion of the army which stayed loyal to James II.

The 1689 Bill of Rights also prohibited a standing army in peacetime without the consent of Parliament.

A new Mutiny Act was passed each year until 1879.

HT to the Wiki.

 




 The crown had its own revenues too. The navy could fund itself through prize money from captured ships. 

Doug allen wrote on this.

There was a traditional crown revenue called ship money.

The crown needed money from parliament to fund a standing army. 




 Japan was against Germany in world war 1.

the Japanese-Russian non-aggression pact did not help Germany either.

a complicated relationship indeed between the Nazis and Japan.

why Hitler declared war on america has not been well-explained. 




 I should add that making the mutiny act expire annually was one of the ways parliament forced the crown to call annual sessions of parliament. 




 I agree. more of an accident.

the navy was created under the royal prerogative

a standing army was tightly controlled because of its importance to power struggles in the middle ages 




 Much of my  comment karma is from this subreddit.

Occurs when people discuss the links rather than each other 




 There is even contempt of parliament issues.

There seems to be something personal in that rule.

The sale of offices act 1808 may apply that made it illegal to sell seats in parliament. 




 Welcome back. Since your trolling started, link and comment karma have doubled.

Keep it up. I need the karma. 




 Reading website for first time. 

Two interesting papers by academic I have never heard of before 




 That part of the post was evidence free 




 An orgy of impraticalities is the latest from the rock-star economist 




 So true. One of the bigger fallacies out there 




 in developing countries that are growing, GDP growth rates greatly understates the improvements in standards of living. 




 His wealth tax is rather high too and would tax the middle class 




 thanks, a lot of the links are to otherwise gated law journals. 




 How can slower economics growth increase inequality and put labour in a weaker position to get wage raises, as you say, but faster economic growth does not reduce inequality? 




 True, but 309000 is a cheap investment too 




 So slower economic growth would not harm inequality 




 True, but a small fine complies with the treaty  




 Faster economic growth 




 Value of a life is $5m, if memory serves 




 Old age pension in nz has no income or asset test 




 Thanks.  




 I puzzle over how synthetic dope can be banned becuase the
 Chemical formula can change at will 




 Germany has a current account surplus 




 Fama's views did learn with his research and incorporated it into his investment company. smart man and very rich as are his top students.

 I'm a big fan of Fama's work on anomalies. They certainly have played a role in the development and establishment of neoclassical ideas about financial econ. I was nearly involved in quite similar research on bond markets. 

**BUT**

With that said, his ideas are in competition with other ideas about movements of asset values, which are also considered "mainstream" these days. 

Behavioral econ, for instance, which discards the idea of "homo-economicus".

 




 The world has many of these honest mistakes. People are human 




 It is actually a book on economics with warmed over Marxism at the end. 




 Moderators previously complained about altering original titles. Didn't know capitals was an issue. I now know. 




 Yes, family histories do get mixed up. 




 Barro made his reputation in the 1970s and 1980s when nobody had ever heard of austrian economics including him. 

Barro is the new classical macroeconomist 




 The holidays act prohibits work on a public holiday unless the employment agreement provides for that and time and a half is paid 




 Barro is not an Austrian economist. Any proof he is? 




 Obamacare was upheld under the taxation power, as I recall.

many early federal laws used the power to tax.

federal law regulated machine guns in about 1914 with a $200 tax and the only office where you could pay the tax was in washington. 




 Many forget that important distinction
 




 Yes, both a minister and a deputy leader contestant. 




 Stay in the commons for 50 years and most warm to you.

He was also charming on TV. 

Most of all, he was motivated by wanting to do good. You may disagree how, but he was honest and well meaning. 




 Did not say the problem was solved. At least people own up to the risk 




 Preferrd Pm moves around to much to support that. About half of voters are swinging voters 




 Read this tomorrow, thanks 




 Is rude not to mention goldin's breakthrough result.  




 Leaner is keen on robustness. Hendry has the LSE methodology in pcgive 




 How did Nats win government without talking votes from Labour. How did its vote increase 




 yes, plenty of jobs are time sensitive. 

Goldin spent a great deal of time documenting that fact across 400+ occupations to identify the most and least family friendly occupations.

not sure if that was in the article? 




 Cowen gave a fair review and took his time to read the book. 




 yes, he did leave with too much of a bang.

the Nats have pushed 14 MPs out to pasture. their media management of this was excellent.

of course, the Nats do not have the smell of a sinking ship. 




 population growth by and large is pro-growth under endogenous growth theory. more people creates larger and more markets, more people to invent things for, and more inventors etc. 




 if you apply for New Zealand Superannuation the minimum time you must have spent resident and present in New Zealand to qualify is ten years, five of which when you are aged 50 years or over.

any overseas government pension is deducted from NZ super $1:$1

 




 I agree on that. he was a little too inconsistent. lacked the killer instinct and all consuming drive that is needed. 




 Ed leamer and David hendry led the charge against data mining 




 I agree that the answer is no 




 
Very interesting thanks for the information. Not much chance of change in this area of law 




 not much chance of a change given that the matter is a conscience vote. 




 thanks for looking up the debate. I was sure it was a conscience vote, and mostly a matter for private members bills too. The bill lost 49-70. 




 yes, choice of schooling is key. Goldin has written much on this 




 Great graph, thanks 




 The shop trading hours repeal act maybe a conscience vote in parliament, the holidays act is not 




 The shop trading laws are part neither of employment agreements or employment law 




 Removing shop trading restrictions does not affect the statutory holiday 




 Forgot, sorry.  




 The holidays act is different to the shop trading hours repeal act  




 so Labour can win by 'going left young man, go left'? 




 The moderators do not like the original title to change 




 This is one of the great papers in economics. And so well written 




 Very true. De long wrote an essay in jep to this effect in 1997
 




 Thanks 




 link did not work. sounded interesting. 




 what is his fall-back option if a global wealth tax is not adopted? 




 he is not a citizen, so he cannot be elected to parliament. 

being an MP is not immunity from extradition. 




 they do seem to have given up apart from the leader. the rest his team do have a low profile. 




 you have been at Reddit for 1 hour. 




 They were rather good last time, and they are kept honest by the prediction markets. 




 burglary is one of those crimes were the penalty each time you are sentenced for one offence and multiple offences is not much different

that screws up marginal deterrence. 




 A few Kiwis Facebooked from Everest to say they were alive and well. 

This disaster story is front-page news in NZ. 




 tuneznz, why so much link karma? 




 Democrats are given a 51% chance 




 Why so much link karma?  




 Look at the 5 dollar note. NZ adventure travel company employed two of those that died. 




 I think the largest number of offences was 358 




 rather rarely actually even for a crim with 88 similar convictions 




 The intention is to put career criminals out of business 




 "the man is arguing that concentration of the world's wealth into the hands of a small couple of people is a bad idea from an economic perspective."

No he is not. Krugman is moralising about distributive justice.

John Rawls is often put forward as the starting point for political philosophy of political progressives. Rawls was interested in the implications of different social institutions for his conception of justice as fairness.

Rawls pointed out that behind the veil of ignorance, people will agree to inequality as long as it is to everyones advantage. Rawls was awake to the power of incentives.

Rawls lent qualified support to the idea of a flat-rate consumption tax (see A Theory of Justice pp. 278-79). He said a proportional expenditure tax may be part of the best scheme and adding that such a tax can contain all the usual exemptions. 

The reason why Rawls lent qualified support to the idea of a flat-rate consumption tax was these taxes what people take out of the common store of goods rather than what he or she contributes.

Incomes tax must be opposed on social justice grounds, but not progressive consumption taxes. 

Given that the super-rich top 0.1% do not spend much of their incomes, they are grossly over-taxed relative to what they take out of the common store of goods.!

He preferred progressive consumption taxes, according to Rawls, it imposes a levy according to how much a person takes out of the common store of goods and not according to how much he contributes. 

A simple way to have a progressive consumption tax is to exempt all savings from taxation. A taxable consumption is calculated as income minus savings minus a large standard deduction.

With his emphasis on fair distribution through state initiatives, Rawlss initial appeal is mainly to the left, but left-wing thinkers also found his acceptance of capitalism reactionary and his tolerance of social discrepancies unpalatable. 




 Alchian (1969) lists three ways to adjust to unanticipated demand fluctuations:
	output adjustments;
	wage and price adjustments; and
	Inventories and queues (including reservations).

Alchian (1969) suggests that there is no reason for wage and price changes to be used regardless of the relative cost of these other options:
	The cost of output adjustment stems from the fact that marginal costs rise with output;
	The cost of price adjustment arises because uncertain prices and wages induce costly search by buyers and sellers seeking the best offer; and
	The third method of adjustment has holding and queuing costs.

There is a tendency for unpredicted price and wage changes to induce costly additional search. Long-term contracts including implicit contracts arise to share risks and curb opportunism over sunken investments in relationship-specific capital.

These factors lead to queues, unemployment, spare capacity, layoffs, shortages, inventories and non-price rationing in conjunction with wage stability.

Alchian and Woodwards 1987 Reflections on a theory of the firm says:

 the notion of a quickly equilibrating market price is baffling save in a very few markets.

Imagine an employer and an employee. Will they renegotiate price every hour, or with every perceived change in circumstances? If the employee is a waiter in a restaurant, would the waiters wage be renegotiated with every new customer? Would it be renegotiated to zero when no customers are present, and then back to a high level that would extract the entire customer value when a queue appears?

 But what is the right interval for renegotiation or change in price? The usual answer as soon as demand or supply changes is uninformative.

Alchian and Woodward then go on to a long discussion of the role of protecting composite quasi-rents from dependent resources as the decider of the timing of wage and price revisions.

Alchian and Woodward explain unemployment as a side-effect of the purpose of wage and price rigidity, which is the prevention of hold-ups over dependent assets.

They note that unemployment cannot be understood until an adequate theory of the firm explains the type of contracts the members of a firm make with one another.

Benjamin Kleins theory of rigid wages in American Economic Review in 1984 is one of the few that explored rigid wages as an industrial organisation issue. Klein treated rigid wages as a response to opportunism and hold-up problems over specialised assets and are forms of exclusive dealership or take-or-pay contracts. 




 Do you not know what happens when fewer imports result in a trade surplus? 




 Thanks again from my htc 




 Excessive relative to what? The fable of perfect competition.  




 People who describe others as neoliberals are themselves ideologues.

They cannot see political differences as other than ideological. 

This is rather than a difference of opinion over the effectiveness of different options to achive a common end. 




 Thanks 




 Google armen alchian and sticky wages 




 Posting error. Thanks. 
 




 No. A new book in the austrian economics tradition on an unusual topic that might interest people 




 What happens to the exchange rate after a tarrif is imposed? 




 Who gains from tarrifs?  




 So Everyone to your right is neoliberal? 




 Libertarians such as rothbard opposed nafta 




 No. 




 Check the surveys. Most economists are democrats 




 Surfing the net for my job and for private purposes.  




 White wrote a paper on the actual influence of hayek on policy.  




 What where his politics while in exile?  




 The elephant's tusk is a big tooth with nerves 




 Your first line introduces many qualifactions that are ignored in policy debates 




 Why not just increase the family tax credit 




 Yes, odd timing indeed 




 Thanks 




 How do you find the time? 




 How many comments have you posted today? 




 Sargent along with most economists are democrats,  so they are not neoliberals 




 The original link started by saying sargent is a lifelong democrat 




 Among OECD countries, the United States is the main performer with 42% of the total OECD R D in 2009, followed by Japan (15%) and Germany (9%).

 




 And sweden haved its company taxes prior to this boom 




 The usa is the global technological leader 




 Hayek was refused a job at the Chicago economics department in  the 1940s.  




 The labor vote is at a record low. That is worthy of reflecting upon 




 The labor vote is at a record low. That is worthy of reflecting upon 




 So you would be better off not knowing of the friedman site? 




 Thanks, I have seen a few studies by michelle arthur on share prices and winning good employer awards and better HR policies. 
 




 Do you have links to the event studies?  Interested to see what theory is tested.  




 I originally did that but reposted because I wanted to use a title that would increase the number of google hits of this obscure site.  




 I should add that at http://econfaculty.gmu.edu/klein/you will find a series of papers by Dan Klein documenting the left-wing bias of economists. Includes a nice study cross-tabulating with voter registrations.

the evidence of the left-wing or centre-left bias of economists has been around in surveys data for 30+ years. 




 Friedman has been a long time critic of the current banking arrangements. his criticism state back to 1959

About 10 years ago friedman predicted that the euro would not last past its first recession 




 thanks, This web page has been around for about 2-years, but it is hard to find in Google search even when you know it is out there. 




 Sargent is a life-long democrat. Most economists are democrats. 




 Thanks, I could not find that 




 good point on personal letters. do many people still send xmas cards? 




 could not get the original to load through reddit but I could when linked through the place where I found it 




 when pubs closed at 6, there was the 6 o'lock swill see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Six_o'clock_swill 




 yes! Schmitz's father piloted the luxury cruise liner MS Deutschland.His mother was a chef. 

He attended a posh boarding school, the Staatliche Internat Schloss Pln, and got his first computer when he was nine. 

Mana members could have checked these details on their iphones while he was speaking!! 




 people will spend thousands to prolong the lives of elderly cats 




 Good points. But free settlers were mostly after 1815 




 One alone is worth 20000 




 thanks form looking that up, but does that give them any more market power in their export markets?

 




 the police do not normally carry guns where I live. 

economics explains why. there is no arms race.

Tom Schelling and others at rand in 50s and 60s developed the economics of the arms race. he won a prize for his work. 




 kiwi men and their sheds 




 A lot of people deny that there is a peltzman effdct 




 I used to agree until I read the analysis at the little known but very good blog. 




 what market power do the chaebol have over their exports?

 




 are these  chaebo exporters. what is their market power in their export markets?
 




 most of the literature on media bias find that it is a lot less biased than people think. read the literature survey in the link to the main article. 




 yes, the soccer mums do rule at the ballot box. they are still just that slightly left of center. 




  "anarcho-capitalist" crazies like Mises

Mises was not an anarcho-capitalist. do you have any proof that he was? 




 Plenty of governments that intervened heavily. Why is special about Korea and its development takeoff. 




 I expected a slight left wing bias because the most marginal readers are female, and women vote left more frequently. Media cater to thesd most marginal readers in their slant. 




 Is that figure how may buy or how many read newspapers? Many read papers for free.  




 The study was published before those elections. 




 For links discussing the quality of the analysis of Leigh and Gans, see http://offsettingbehaviour.blogspot.co.nz/2009/09 




 I agree. see Steven Kaplan and Joshua Rauhs Its the Market: The Broad-Based Rise in the Return to Top Talent Journal of Economic Perspectives 2013 who found that:
 Rising inequality is due to technical changes that allow highly talented individuals or superstars to manage or perform on a much larger scale.

 These superstars can now apply their talents to greater pools of resources and reach larger numbers of people and markets at home and abroad. They thus became more productive, and higher paid.

 Those in the Forbes 400 richest are less likely to have inherited their wealth or grown-up wealthy.
 Todays rich are working rich who accessed education while young and then applied their natural talents and acquired skills to the most scalable industries such as ICT, finance, entertainment, sport and mass retailing.

 The U.S. evidence on income and wealth shares for the top 1% is most consistent with a superstar explanation. This U.S. evidence is less consistent with the gains in earnings of the top 1 percent coming from greater managerial power over the determination of their own pay in the corporate world or changes in social norms about what managers could earn.

Todays super-rich are highly productive because they produce new and better products and services that people want and are willing to pay for.

These rewards for entrepreneurship and hard work guide people of different talents and skills into the occupations and industries where their talents produce the most. The efficient allocation of talent and income maximising occupational choices were important to Rawls framework.
 




 It is called linguistic distance http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linguistic_distance
 




  People who commit murder typically do not think of the consequences in that way (or don't care).

if so, does that not mean you do not have to worry about marginal deterrence and can increase prison terms? see http://www.daviddfriedman.com/Academic/Hanged_for_a_Sheep/Hanged_for_a_sheep.html
the intuition that we should keep the punishment for the less serious crime down so as not to tempt offenders to switch to more serious crimes such as to eliminate witnesses etc. 


 




 I do agree that the Wire has to be watched from start to finish or not at all. 




 Thanks, see "Prison Conditions, Capital Punishment, and Deterrence."American Law and Economics Review, 2003, 5(2), pp. 318-43. (with Katz, Lawrence and Shustorovich, Ellen) 




 wasn't a move made along those lines recently 




 the UK got lots of loans under the Marshall plan too. that did not seem to help them. wartime food rationing ended in 1954 




 Most economists are moderste democrats. See danial klein's work 




 dead stars are more valuable because they will be no more scandals 




 is automation and technology new things to the 21st century? was the entire industrial revolution about technological progress? 




 they would have to take their place in the queue after the ISI. 

everyone plays every side over there in case you need to be friends again in 10-years time. 




 5 lines is the browsing time of the average user of the net 




 What is a non-voluntary market exchange?  




 The market is based on voluntary exchange 




 hard to believe than general motors was once one of the best managed and most successful firms in the world! 




 Robert Nozick pointed out that few people actually joined a communist society. Six per cent is the maximum proportion of any population who voluntarily chose to live in socialist communities such as the kibbutzim . 
More recently, 2.6% of the Israeli population live on a kibbutz. About 40% are still run on communist principles. 




 These injuries  were not from market transactions 




 Australia and new zealand got out of the great depression by 1935 after massive fiscal contractions. 




 thanks, but I am amazed at the belief on the Left about the influence of the Austrian school and libertarianism on public policy. 

Successful movements are large and their leading lights attract many followers:
-	Until the 1990s, the Austrian school  all of them - would not have to book ahead for a table at a restaurant!
-	After 2000, the Austrian school can still all fit into one room and most would still know each other from the same one or two graduate schools. Most would be recent graduates of George Mason University.

what about pension fund socialism? 




 Didn't nozick go through this long ago? 




 Living standards double every generation or so. 




 Thatcher and Reagan saved the welfare state 




 thanks for the reply, the rate of return on the portfolio of state owned enterprises in New Zealand is still below the long-term bond rate. that rate of return was zero in 1984 when reforms started. 




 Klein extended his study to 11 california universities. Thanks for comment 




 Why are governments so poor at privatisations? 




   A Separation

thanks, I will add it to the blog post 




 thanks 




 posting error: link did not kink 




 thanks, fixed them. 




 I agree. free public school is a oow bar to opass. 

free public schools are available in pre-1997 Hong Kong, which is Milton Friedman's utopia 




 how does pension fund socialism fit into this definition? 




 Illiteracy was solved 100 years ago when the size of government was small as were taxes - Hong Kong size?

 




 how does pension fund socialism fit into this definition? 




 thanks. I updated the figures and the new data makes my points look better.  




 are you pleased that there was a GFC? 




 Robert Fogel had an interesting life that contrasts with that of John Rawls 




 fficient taxes, Gary Becker, growth of government, James M. Buchanan, tax reform 




 The studies starting from Peltzman in 1980 showed that government grew in line with the growth in the size and homogeneity of the middle class that was organised and politically articulate enough to implementing a version of Directors law 




 Rowling got a BA in French and Classics at the University of Exeter.

the point of the example is people can become very rich through voluntary trade. 




 larger firms pay 30% to 50% more to their workers than do smaller firms. 
Google the large firm wage premium. 




 There is an update correcting the names of payment due to wife on divorce or death which is in addition to the bride price. 




 many professional partnerships are labour managed firms. ditto the self-employed 




 the top tax rate in the UK is rather low by global standards 




  efficient markets hypothesis, Eugene Fama, Kerry Packer, luck versus skill, Rupert Murdoch, Warren Buffett 




