 If you found $//10,000 right now, what would you do with it? 

What would your superhero name and power be?  




 Dude, I'm pretty much the same. However, I HAVE had relationships and sexual encounters before, but right now they don't interest me. It's not like there are harrowing memories which are causing me to distance myself from intimacy, it's just due to the fact that I can't be bothered, in all honesty. 

Some will say it's weird and unnatural, but it's my body and I don't feel obliged to share it with anyone.  




 Good question! I'm not entirely sure but I can hazard a guess.

Your home is your fortress, your emotional base and safety net. Inviting somebody into your home and showing them around is probably a sign of trust.  




 Woody Harrelson would be livid.  




 Classic Internet. 




 Good luck! Stay focused :) 




 Yeah, such a shitty thing to do to the people that are keeping you afloat! Companies like this are just more interested in money than anything else.  




 The snuggliest thing ever.  




 Some guy that went I my school. He thought he was the best, whereas he was in fact a total cunt. Silly, arrogant cunt. 

And somehow he was popular and the ladies loved him. *sigh* 




 Classic Internet.  




 I tend not to complain, purely because I know what it's like to have someone complaint to you, and it can be uncomfortable. 

However, in a restaurant once, my garlic bread was soggy, so I asked for it to be replaced in the nicest way possible. They obliged and I got an extra portion for free. 

I'm more likely to 'politely question' the service I'm receiving, as people are much responsive to soft probing, as opposed to ranting and demanding. If you are kind and explain your point reasonably, most service staff will find it hard to turn down your requests, whether your complaining about the state of your hotel room, or you want your soggy garlic bread replaced. 

TL;DR: Politely question the service you receive instead of complaining. You'll easily get what you want.  




 I'm travelling around the world come January and I want to teach English as a foreign language. I hear that teaching in China is well-paid and sometimes they even pay your accommodation. Do some research into teaching English in Asia, there's TONNES of info. :) 




 I live for adventures and making others happy. I care very little for my own well-being, I am too focused on the world around me.  Life is huge!  




 People that don't understand the difference between respecting somebody's opinion and respecting someone's RIGHT to hold that opinion. 

I respect that people have the right to say what they want, when they want and to who they want. Doesn't mean I have to respect what they say.  




 Whenever the woman doesn't look like she's enjoying it.  




 Absolutely agree. So stress-free; you know where you are going to be at what time, your whole day is planned for you, you know who you're going to see. 

But life is huge! The world is full of wonders. Do what you love, no matter what anyone else thinks or says. Stay chill, stay true to yourself, be kind and be the person YOU want to be.  




 I've slept naked all my life, no matter what the weather is like. At someone else's house: just boxers.  




 From now one, I'll flip my cupcakes over. What a genius idea! I love frosting!  




 Yeah! When my mouth is really dry, I feel like cold water doesn't 'wet' the inside of my mouth or throat. I'm rehydrated, but the thirst isn't quenched.  




 I've only used it once out of interest. 

Found a contract killer's site. He charged $10,000 (or the BitCoin equivalent) per assassination; $30,000 if it was a political figure. 

There are also marketplaces for every drug under the sun, guns, stolen goods and even counterfeit money. I found one site where you asked for an item and the guy would go and steal it for you. 

LOT'S of child pornography as well, which is why I don't want to use it again. I didn't actually see any myself, as most of those sites/image boards are flagged, so you can avoid it if you want to. 

I did hear that there's also a lot of very useful and helpful stuff on there, but I didn't stumble across any of it.  




 http://i.imgur.com/GwrxA.jpg 




 Such good ideas. I'm so absent-minded it's pathetic. 

For anyone on a disciplined diet, cure your sweet-tooth cravings with sugar-free gum.  




 Saw this walking down the street: http://i.imgur.com/0CREl.jpg 




 Trying to deal with the notion that you can't always thank someone or do something to help is hard. I just try my best to help anywhere/anyway I can. I love actively making someone's day better. It's the little things that count, I suppose :) 




 Get out. You can go to Washington DC anytime you want if I means that much to you. Focus on surrounding yourself with love, kindness and positivity, not people who bring you down all time. Life's too short. 

PS. That person isn't your best friend. I'm sorry if that hurts to hear.  




 I remember learning about this at school. We got told also that some of the women died as a result of infection, due to the pipes cutting their oesophagus as they were force-fed.   




 I had a good one about some butter. I won't tell you because you only spread it. 

Thanks a lot, take care, all the best x 




 Takes me back to my rent boy days.  




 Shit! I'm actually doing this in January!

Me and my best fucking bro in the world had been talking about travelling the world for ages. About 2 months ago I handed my notice in at work and bought a one-way ticket to Australia. 

We're going to live there for a year with a working holiday visa and then just go with the flow. 

I'm in the process of selling all of my possessions. It makes you realise how much shit you have. One of my friends described it as, 'shedding my skin.'

Take the plunge and shed your skin. You said it yourself, nothing is holding you back! :) 




 I was addicted to getting achievements when I first got my 360. Eventually, I would hear the 'Achievement Unlocked' sound ALL THE TIME. 

Also, playing Gears Of War everyday for 2 years, I would get really angry/upset if I had a bad run of games.  




 http://i.imgur.com/Rq0Fl.jpg 




 I said the same thing after reading 'Vasectomies For Dummies'. 




 My cock and balls. So disappointing :'( 




 Speeding is my biggest peeve; as a driver, a cyclist and a pedestrian. 

One time, in a 30mph zone with a speed camera, some guy is driving up my back while I stick to the speed limit. Out of nowhere, he drives up on to the pavement (sidewalk) and overtakes me, eventually dropping back down onto the road, screeching to a halt in the middle of the lane and blocking my way. He gets out his car and storms over to my window, telling me that the reason I've been driving so slowly (AKA: The Speed Limit) is because I've obviously been drinking! (I hadn't). He speeds off and gets flashed by the speed camera. I followed him all the way down the road tooting my horn and flashing my lights; he was livid. 

The town where I grew up was full of boy racers. If you haven come a cross this term, it's the name we in the UK give to youths with shitty cars that they mod with huge spoilers and dampers, then drive around the town all night at ludicrous speeds. Round and round they go for hours in convoy, music blaring, engines 'roaring'. About 6 of them have died in crashes in the past few years. Their own fault every time. 

I hate speeding, it's so irresponsible.  




 Farted today at work and it sounded like 2 drawbridges having a conversation.  




 In return, you have to take my place at work and see if my manager notices.  




 He had silverware all over him and they decided he was a table.  









