 I took him to mean it in that way as well. I see more Akalis carrying than Zeds at the moment though, but that's silver elo. Where I see Akali having an easier play style than Zed (but still damn hard to master) with less fancy mechanics to mess up due to the poor mechanical play from the lower masses. 




 I don't think WE is useless at the stage in its parts WW works very well with AS and recurve bow and dagger give a lot of AS making his early clears much quicker. At least I always make those two first unless I plan on ganking mid more. 




 If can vouch for that! Had a game last night went WE first then finished FF went Tabi and SV and RO then BOTRK. Ended a 48 minute game with 10/0/20 the enemy team was ahead for a large amount of the game. Safe to say they flamed me quite hard in post game lobby. I would 100-0 their carries every TF.
(Edit for grammar) 




 A lot of people say to go WE if you are behind when you start ganking and BOTRK if you are ahead. Personally I always start WE then finish FF I usually have enough gold by the time I stack it up to have both. Two tank items depending on team comp and who's fed. Then BOTRK but alas I am a lowly silver player so I'm probably doing it all wrong! 

I do agree BOTRK is a stronger item but is a lot more expensive and by hitting the power spike of FF and WE by the 17 minute mark or so I think it helps out a lot more for the early to mid game. 

Correct me anyone if you think I'm wrong would like to know if what I'm doing is correct. 




 Ah ok. I didn't watch the vid because I'm in work just presumed it was for junglers!
 




 I will have to try this, I've lately had great success jungling with ww at silver elo and never once thought that perhaps I should invade solo. High risk high reward I suppose! Although as ww I do always pink my red before going blue at the start anyway so I never get solo countered only by 5 man groups which has happened a fair few times!  




 I main ww and I use the exact same path and always hit 6 at around the 7 minute mark. I've tried the other routes but find the one you use the most efficient due to his sustain and lack of need to clear both buffs quickly. The only time I will deviate is if I fear being invaded at either buffs.

Also another quick note if you don't already do this is to start with a pink and save your 50 remaining gold for your first back don't waste it on a hp pot at the start its really not needed on ww. 




