 [Request] Can anyone make one of these for me if I give them the pokemon list? I'd love to have one but I'm absolutely shocking with computers (not to mention that I'm backpacking at the moment so all I've got is a shitty little netbook that's about ten years old). 




 Anuses for eyes 




 Blank Space is my ladyjam. I'm 25 and male, I have no regrets. 




 A decent remake of Eragon. Seriously it's such a good book series, and that film was abysmal! 




 Life. *drops mike* 




 Out of interest, I googled- http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prostitution_in_Australia#New_South_Wales

Apparently one of the most liberal States there is. 




 I'm not sure of the legality in my area (currently Sydney, Australia), but as so far as defining it as prostitution, if you go by this definition; "the practice or occupation of engaging in sexual activity with someone for payment." then yes.

As an interesting side note, on a quick search there does seem to be a large number of businesses and individuals offering up said service in my area, on fairly public sites, so I'm not sure if it is illegal. 




 I'd have to say trade debt, politicians not being for the people any more, and the lack of serious action to restore the environment's health.

If I could add a few, it would be unequal wages, stereotype hatred/persecution and the "health and safety" hype of the past decade that has only increasingly spiralled further out of control, logic and belief. 




 None, I would be ashamed of our standard of "music" compared to his. 




 Pokemon Red/Blue (and Yellow, Gold, Silver and Crystal). Not necessarily the game itself, but;

-the struggle of playing as far as you can without the ability to charge your device during the game...

-the straining of your eyes as you try and decipher the dungeon mazes at gone midnight with their tinged colour screens (or grey for the older gen)...

-the social aspect of trading pokemon via a cable...

-the feeling of victory over GameFreak when you managed to successfully clone a pokemon using the trade cable technique...

-the fear of potential game loss and code corruption when you catch missingo as you attempt the item multiplier cheat... 




 It looks like a bird on fire, though it's skin is covered in a series of lined troughs and peaks... 




 Is that a...
...it is
That's a fucking shiny bauble that is...
Oh my god I want it... 




 When I realise the "up vote" button I'm pressing is the light switch, I tend to call it a day... 




 Hey everyone,

Just wondering if anyone has any unusual ideas of things that can be done on the east coast of Australia?

We have a few ideas already for ourselves (learn to scuba dive, Scooteroo, whitsunday islands and Fraser island).

We're not looking for the common things that all the tourists/backpackers do, so leave those out if you please! 




 Hey everyone,

Just wondering if anyone has any unusual ideas of things that can be done on the east coast of Australia?

We have a few ideas already for ourselves (learn to scuba dive, Scooteroo, whitsunday islands and Fraser island).

We're not looking for the common things that all the tourists/backpackers do, so leave those out if you please! 




 Hey everyone

Just wondering if anyone has any unusual ideas of things that can be done on the east coast of Australia?

We have a few ideas already for ourselves (learn to scuba dive, Scooteroo, whitsunday islands and Fraser island).

We're not looking for the common things that all the tourists/backpackers do, so leave those out if you please! 




 I don't know if it's common or uncommon, but I can hear when someone is going to come into a room (if it's quiet).

I don't mean footsteps or other noises that they make- it's hard to describe but the pitch of the background noise changes slightly when someone's about to enter the room I'm in.


Secondary one- I always gets hiccups if I have sex or masturbate in a certain position! 




 Similar thing happened to me at the back end of last year; my SO started spending all her time glued to her phone, even when we were in the same room (she'd purposefully sit so I couldn't see the screen), and would never leave it unattended.

Long story short she did one night and I found evidence that she had been cheating on me (emotionally and socially, though the physical side was actually in planning at that stage- I caught it in time to head it off).

So from experience, I sincerely hope she isn't cheating on you dude, even without the physical side it was devastating, and I wouldn't wish it upon anyone.

Best advice I can give is to sit down with her seriously and have a long chat about your worries. If she gets more defensive of her phone afterwards, I'd red flag it. Note- she may be using another app to actually chat, as snapchat's chat function isn't great, so it might be worth checking her phone if you get the opportunity.

Fingers crossed for you. 




 As unhelpful as it is, it seems like you need to have a very long think about what you want, and then a serious conversation with him where you lay it all on the table- what you're thinking and how you feel. It seems to me the only way to move forward is to have a frank discussion where you both are honest (even if that honesty isn't the answer you want to hear). Sorry for not being very definitive! 




 Short opinion- you should focus on your own career, as he seems to be doing. I'm sorry he seems not to be as committed in the relationship as you, it's horrid when one partner isn't putting in equal weight into things. 




 It does sound like you're both on different pages I'm afraid - communication, and that's both ways, is key in any relationship. The way she's reacting is toxic, but it may be the result of how she was brought up or treated at some point in her past.

Maybe try writing your opinions/concerns in a (well worded) letter- that way she'll read your opinions without an opportunity to interrupt. You should probably try outlining in said same letter how you feel about the negative direction your relationship is going, too, if it continues as it is Id recommend your best course of action would be to cut and run (as hard and harsh as that sounds). 




 Truth and communication are key- be honest with her about your fears, but try to explain it in a way that isn't accusatory.

Hopefully she'll be able to calm your worries and get on with your relationship. 




 This, so much this. 




 Hullo all!

Always enjoyed making new friends and chatting to new people, so reaching out!

Basic stats;
I'm 25, English, white and non-religious! Graduated from university with a 2:1 degree in Forensic Science last July.

A little extra;
I'm an avid writer, and I've had two published short stories with a third coming out sometime this year. I'm aspiring to get a novel (or many) published.

I love swimming, travel, animals, science (especially space and everything related), food, music, movies and books!

Even more;
I'm a self confessed geek, with major interests in Lord of the Rings, Pokemon, Game of Thrones and several other niche markets (including Games Workshop's book publishing company, The Black Library).

And finally;
I'm currently in the third year of a serious, committed relationship, and we are presently travelling around Australia together (arrived here in Oz in November).

Note;
I'm only putting myself up for email penpals, as snail mail is too costly on a backpackers budget!

Hit me up with a PM! 




 I've not played OR/AS or X/Y, so I can only attest for looks, but am I the only one who thinks that the Mega forms were a bad idea?

The pokemon look warped, mutated and, in some cases, utterly ridiculous.

Okay that could be said of many natural pokemon and their evolutions, but it just seems to far to me- it has an air of digimon about it (like armour digivolving or similar).

It may well help some of them in terms of stats/competitiveness, but I dislike how they appear. /myopinion 




 I agree, though you only need the therapy due to the trauma your family put you through. Nothing you did was wrong.

You might even find that it wasn't a majority opinion- some of your family members may have been there under peer pressure, so if you did send out a mess email/letter decrying their disgusting behaviour, you may get one or two supporting you/apologising. No guarantees, but it's a possibility. 




 This is sick (not you, their reactions).

Art is the expression of ones self, and sexuality is each persons own personal choice. The combination of the two is nothing to be ashamed of.

It was totally out of order for your family to treat you in such a way, and even worse for them to have destroyed your property.

If I were you (and I know it's not always easy to do) I would stand up for myself and tell them what they did was not okay. It's just as bad as them psychologically torturing someone for being straight, or liking cars.

I hope you get out of that abusive environment and find the freedom to express yourself. 




 Definitely the starter trio - http://www.tokyoluv.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/pokemon_01.jpg

Cutest, and it's the originals, can't beat that!

I'd maybe have them together across your upper back, or on three separate areas - either way I'd definitely get them all! 




 How much is the Umbreon hat? It's my favourite Eeveelution! 




 So I was looking over on http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon_%28video_game_series%29 at the timeline of releases and wondering what you guys thought; do we get the next generation this year, or do we have to wait for next year?


As an aside, does anyone know what month they're usually released in (if they have a usual or set month)? 




 Literally just posted on your original thread, then saw this.

Good on you for taking action, glad it's sorted. 




 A bit late to the game, but sorry to hear you have an ex like this.

I've traded pictures with others before, and would have never dreamed of spreading them around if I still had them. 









 That was my thinking. I didn't mean that they'd reboot the original games before the Z or XY2, but I think that would be the next step, bringing the red/blue (or green) up to a ds cartridge (3DS id presume). 




 Okay, so each generation they upgrade a previous one to bring it into the latest level of tech/development.

My idea is this; as the next generation in the order is already on a ds cartridge (diamond/pearl), they'll reboot red and green/blue as ds versions.

Thoughts? Hopes? 




 I don't have an Amazon wish list, I just wanted to join in :) 




 1. Lilo and Stitch
2. Stitch
3. In SUMMER!! (Frozen - Olaf) 




 How about a third game (so only a single release as opposed to a double) but still a different story in the BW2 vein? Would that work? 




 I guess I'm nostalgic for the older times, and I may well have a different opinion if I ever get to play BW2. Saying that, I haven't actually got around to completing BW yet... 




 And how are you finding them so far? 




 Okay, so my first post ever here, so be gentle!

Red/Blue had Yellow,
Gold/Silver had Crystal,
Ruby/Sapphire had Emerald,
Diamond/Pearl had Platinum,

Where's Grey? Or Z? Why have they ditched the third game each gen?

It always seemed to me that the "merged" game of the generation was the best- yellow you had pikachu running around after you (not to mention the beginnings of
The pokemon happiness elements coming in), and crystal had suicine centred around you in the story- I miss that!

Now I'm not up to speed- unfortunately the furthest I've played is B/W, but I like the reboot games, I just miss the extra content/alternate take on the story (like Rayquaza's more central role in Emerald).

Opinions? 




 That means; now she all mayd 




