 teeth gritting? 




 With the facial hair and the kind eyes you're definitely my type!! You're very handsome, 8/10 




 Brash but truthfully, thank you i appreciate that. I don't think i'm ugly so to speak, but there are definitely features that I would consider ugly and sometimes they're all I can see so it brings me down.
That's what it comes down to I think. My boyfriend always calls me pretty truly he does like any good boyfriend would! But i'm a woman and subsequently tend to be too hard on myself.. 




 And i take that as a huge compliment haha. I'm really flattered thank you :) 




 Actually, regal is a really cool way to put it. I honestly never thought of it that way 




 i must say, well phrased! thank you! 




 i may be somewhat biased because i absolutely LOVE facial hair, but i really do think it suits you quite well! I would keep it, you have the kind of look that needs a nice manly beard. Not enough me grow em these days! wear it proud :) 




 finally a numbered rate! thank you. As for my bulldog bite it is definitely there, it's receded to the point that is a few milimetres past my top jaw. Even with that though it shouldn't be past my top jaw at all so it still makes me fee; self conscious. Love to hear that it's not noticeable though so thank you :) 




 Keep the facial hair, really suits you and looks great on men in general! 




 Thank you, perhaps i have anxiety over looking different from the norm. There's always that "typical" pretty and i think just about every girl is looking for it aha. 




 I am a mix of German and English, half and half. Could that have anything to do with my jaw line? I live in Canada if that provides any context aswell haha. But thank you, didn't know there was a genetic line behind the trait! But i could have assumed.. 




 hahahaha. Thank you ;) 




 They do seem to be common and I have always wasted one, but that is the way I should be looking at it i suppose. My jaw gives me a very round/oval face and I have mixed feelings about that. But thank you a lot it's reassuring to receive comments like this! :) 




 Thanks! I grew up with a reeeally bad under bite, but i was lucky to have it recede on it's own to the point that it's only a few millimeters past my upper teeth. It's at the point that I wouldn't bother with the jaw correction surgery but it's still noticeable enough to bother me!  




 Thank you for the comment! He's my boyfriend of a year so he's not too difficult to attract haha. honestly I've just always been jealous pretty girls with cute pointy little chins! I don't have that but i think it's adorable. 




