 We have found our new Michelle Bachmann. 




 Let's get back in the saddle and pedal forward.   




 Good for you, /u/elzmuda -- there are always excuses to drink, but if you make the decision first thing in the morning not to drink TODAY no matter what happens good or bad, if you doggedly persist in the commitment, then alcohol is not an option.  I like to say that after I decide that I am not going to drink TODAY--alcohol is out of my movie for the day, all day.  




 Lady Lindsey is the last closeted gay male in politics. 









 Unfortunately, it was a widely-held belief that the alcoholic was immoral--if only he would take "the pledge" or "get religion."  The failure to make the choice not to drink was seen as sin.  It really wasn't until the late 19th century (Rush, Trotter 1760-1832) that a practical "disease model" and treatment emerged (Keely) although it was not widely known or accepted.  The modern recovery  movement begins as a radical reaction to the WCTU and the moral choice models--fully accepting the disease model of alcoholism.  Frankly, the anti-AA ideologues are actually preaching a moral choice model--without the moral-ism.   









 Many times, these sorts of local heroes become honored judges and courthouses are named after them. 
























 Of course, I've been there in my own special and painful way.  Most of us get where you're coming from and we want to provide support along the way. 




 Yeah, I remember that neuro-feedback loop when I was drinking.  When I went back to "moderate drinking" after 15 continuous years of sobriety I thought of course that I could sip fine wines.  I'd buy these $100+ bottles of aged port and I'd have the appropriate crystal glasses.  Of course, being an alcoholic, I'd hide all of my apparatus in crawl spaces and wait till everyone else in the house was asleep and pull out my port and sip my wine--inevitable waking up at 5 AM laying on the floor with empty bottles of port that I must have swilled down.  Did I need any more proof of my powerlessness?  And yet, I went on and on for 7 long hellish years. 




 Fine chocolates. 









 Like EVERYTIME. 




 In a discussion sometime last year, I told my pal, /u/offtherocks, about the great 19th Century English novelist Anthony Trollope who in 1858 published [Doctor Thorne](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_Thorne) which deals with the multiple episodes in the lives of recurring characters in something called the Barchester Chronicles.  If you are at all interested in literature, I can't recommend them highly enough.  In *Doctor Thorne* the title character treats the alcoholism of his friend Sir Roger Scatcherd who eventually dies from the disease.  

 But be this as it may, be it true or false that Sir Roger was most efficacious when in his cups, there can be no doubt that he could not wallow for a week in brandy, six or seven times every year, without in a great measure injuring, and permanently injuring, the outward man. Whatever immediate effect such symposiums might have on the inner mindsymposiums indeed they were not; posiums I will call them, if I may be allowed; for in latter life, when he drank heavily, he drank alonehowever little for evil, or however much for good the working of his brain might be affected, his body suffered greatly. It was not that he became feeble or emaciated, old-looking or inactive, that his hand shook, or that his eye was watery; but that in the moments of his intemperance his life was often not worth a day's purchase. The frame which God had given to him was powerful beyond the power of ordinary men; powerful to act in spite of these violent perturbations; powerful to repress and conquer the qualms and headaches and inward sicknesses to which the votaries of Bacchus are ordinarily subject; but this power was not without its limit. If encroached on too far, it would break and fall and come asunder, and then the strong man would at once become a corpse.  p.124

And here, Scatcherd on his death bed describing his fears relating to the effect of the disease upon his heir, Louis:

 "With my poor boy; with Louis."

 "If he [Louis] will let me, I will [look after him,]" said the doctor.

 "And, doctor, when you see a glass at his mouth, dash it down; thrust it down, though you thrust out the teeth with it. When you see that, Thorne, tell him of his fathertell him what his father might have been but for that; tell him how his father died like a beast, because he could not keep himself from drink."

 These, reader, were the last words spoken by Sir Roger Scatcherd. As he uttered them he rose up in bed with the same vehemence which he had shown on the former evening. But in the very act of doing so he was again struck by paralysis, and before nine on the following morning all was over.

In the characters and story of Doctor Thorne and Sir Roger Scatcherd I was struck at how sophisticated Trollope's 1858 understanding of the psychology of the alcoholism and the sufferer's powerlessness over the malady.  Also the powerlessness of that caring physician to help his friend. 






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 When I got sober in 2009 after a 7 year relapse, as I saw it, I had the choice of killing myself and avoiding what was certain to be professional disgrace and a criminal prosecution over unfiled and unpaid federal income taxes or get sober and face the music.  In the years of my relapse the income from my professional practice was on a roller coaster.  Some years, I barely made any income and in at least one of those years I made a million dollars.  The unpaid and unfilled taxes were an abyss that I could not figure out how to address despite numerous false starts--of course, not being in recovery I had intentionally walked away from ready and willing help and support.  Finally I was at "fuck it, I'll just sit here and drink."  

Ultimately I suffered very serious professional and criminal consequences that included federal prison time. Some of the damages to my reputation and professional status (I lost my license) were permanent, but the criminal consequence has been long in my rear view mirror.  

When you own taxes in the US you might find that you owe reasonably $300,000 dollars and then through some black magic the IRS says your $300,000 indebtedness is now $600,000 and then time passes, even with payments and forfeitures, the IRS says you now owe $900,000 which is sort of where I find myself now.  In other words, my sole criminal offense resulting in a short prison sentence has become a life sentence as it relates to intractable debt and IRS collection activities including garnishments and seizures.  

When the collections nightmares first got underway the local agent that I dealt with suggested that I file something called an Offer In Compromise (OIC).  An OIC is a whole lot more than calling the IRS up and saying--here's a few thousand send me a release,  In 2012 I undertook the process and I was very close to accomplishing a deal when mysteriously (a common experience when dealing with the IRS) the rug was ripped out from underneath me. 

Leaving out lots and lots of the details, I determined to find out why.  I submitted a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request and I got my entire IRS file.  As a result I learned that the former criminal investigator in my underlying criminal case supplied misinformation which if I had had an opportunity to address I would have been able to supply documentation refuting allegations he made that disqualified me.  

Flash forward, to now, I just completed all the hoops, and I am greelighted to submit a new OIC (now complete) which my accountant believes stands a chance of success based on revised rules adopted by the IRS in 2014.  Also my employer is supplying funds to effect a deal if it can be done.

I write about this to let you know that I too struggle with life on life's terms and I don't drink TODAY no matter how frustrating, confusing, depressing, anxious painful or embarrassing those terms are.  I doggedly persist every day that I am SOBER which means, I still stand a chance.  Five years sober and I am still working on clearing away the wreckage of my past.  

tl;dr  CC has bad, bad tax problems; he doesn't drink; he overcomes obstacles; and, he hope that he may finally be able to clear away financial wreckage of the past.

Note: This was painful to write, but I promised to update a comment about my resolution and determination to deal with this issue. 















































































































































































































































































































































































































 The [Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) is a post that I published in several versions.  It's made up of information that helped me stop drinking and get sober + ideas suggested from among others, /u/offtherocks.  My pal, /u/Flow_Morpheous_Flow noticed a typo so with the need to make that slight revision I added a link to the daily check-in, too.  

So if you're **new here** I hope you will consider making the [Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) and [the Daily Check-in](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/checkin) part of your Stop Drinking routine. 














