 Say what you want to about India, believe me it's not perfect, but at least India is a real country, not a military occupation, engineered humanitarian disaster, apartheid and ethnic cleansing like Israel . Say what you want to about India, even though that really isn't what this is about, at least we oppress our own, instead of the Israeli way which consists of but is not limited to: traveling thousands of miles, displacing native Palestinian people, stealing their land, oppressing the descendents of the Palestinians on their fathers land reducing them to 2nd class citizens, create a state religion, call it all manifest destiny in the 20th century and send the bill to the US taxpayer. 




 Indian here and proud r/india representative, so there goes your theory, and whatever white guilt you were hoping to invoke in the readers of r/conspiracy. I posted this and I am not white,  deal with it JIDF shill there goes your last line of defense. I don't care if you call me racist cause its bullshit and I have ZERO white guilt so if you're going to call someone racist start with me, your brown, OP. The Israel hustle is well known globally, the religion and culture that I'm descended from is openly hostile towards Islam (North India near border with Pakistan) and even people there who HATE Muslims sympathize with the plight of the Palestinian people because India itself was under occupation until 1947. So its not just White Pride people or whatever you racially polarizing term you landed on, maybe next time try a different angle like oh, I don't know "All Brown people are Anti Semites!", or something I dont know this is your job after all, be creative !  




 What part of the words "Western Media Blackout" do you not understand ? PressTV was literally the only site publishing anything positive about Waters or the boycott in general. The other news agencies were all Israeli and you can guess what they reported about the boycott or Waters:
"HOLOCAUST ! HOLOCAUST! HOLOCAUST ! ANTI SEMITE ! ANTI SEMITE ! ANTI SEMITE !" 
So you'll forgive me for not getting my news from a Zionist approved media establishment, besides I never post anything from Press TV, look through my submissions, this is the 2nd time I've posted a PressTV article in 6 months. 




 I think the vast majority of OBJECTIVE readers will come to the conclusion that his dislike of Zionism is inherent and implicit in his general boycott of Israel.   




 The 1st thing I thought when I read this was:

"HEY ... 
ZIONISTS ... 
LEAVE THEM PALESTINIANS ALONE!"

 




 The American press exists for one purpose only, and that is to convince Americans that they are living in the greatest and most envied country in the history of the world. The Press tells the American people how awful every other country is and how wonderful the United States is and how evil communism is and how happy they should be to have freedom to buy seven different sorts of detergent. 
 Gore Vidal 




 If the Party could thrust its hand into the past and say of this or that event, it never happenedthat, surely, was more terrifying than mere torture and death. 
 George Orwell, 1984  




 Thank you! 

Solar panels should have been on the White House for 36 years, beginning in 1977 with Jimmy Carter, before they were cruelly yanked down by the Reagan administration in 1981, because and I'm absolutely serious here, Reagan that they were the embodiment of "big government". Backwardness thy name be Reagan. The solar panels were not costly or wasteful, they just symbolized change and terrified Big Oil, which had a stranglehold over the presidency, since Kennedy's coup d'etat in '63. 

 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2009/01/27/white-house-solar-panels_n_160575.html 




 The worst part about this is that Senator Feinstein's amendment would mean that her ilk would be the ones deciding which journalists are real journalists, because everyone on r/conspiracy knows who owns the media and they happen to have a lot in common with Diane Feinstein. If Feinstein's amendment is adopted only people like the Bloombergs (Bloomberg), the Newhouses (New Yorker, Vanity Fair, Reddit), the Redstones, the Ochs (New York Times), and the Wenners (Rolling Stone). Basically Feinstein is saying that if you're not Zionist approved you're no longer a journalist, and that is basically the death knell of journalism as we know it. No factor has diluted the quality of journalism or the media as much Zionist consolidation. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jann_Wenner

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_New_York_Times_Company

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samuel_Irving_Newhouse,_Jr.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Bloomberg#Business_career 




 The Jewish people depicted in that photograph were not slaves, they simply weren't, they were interned in Nazi Germany, but they were not slaves, for a people to truly be enslaved it has to span across generations. The Jewish internment in Nazi Germany lasted 6 years, further more when looking for a depiction of slavery why look to Nazi Germany ? Why not depict African slavery in America, it is by far the most reprehensible case of slavery, yet OP chose to depict Jews in Nazi Germany where they weren't slaves. I think it's obvious that OP has an agenda he is trying to further, and it's one that attempts to gain Jewish sympathy to justify the Zionist agenda, what either reason is there for such a glaring oversight ?  




 And ... I just deleted Red Ice Radio from my podcast subscriptions.  




 The phrase that I took away from watching this video was "New Media Class", to describe the talking head phenomena on cable news, with their multi million dollar salaries serving as a poor substitute for the classic muck raking journalism of decades ago. Often those multi million dollar salaries are paid for by parent companies of media conglomerates such as GE to NBC. In other words Brian Williams endorsement to invade Iraq on the Nightly News isn't worth nearly as much if everyone in America is aware that Brian Williams boss at GE is profiting directly from the invasion/occupation.  




 It's practically a tragedy that, Jewish people who are not a minority, they're white people with big noses, play the race card more than any other group of people. If they're such an oppressed minority, then why do Jewish people own practically every large media corporation in America, a Jewish person, Samuel Newhouse, owns Reddit's parent company, Advanced Publication. For Jewish people to be an oppressed minority in America there would be some oppression, instead I don't even think there are any poor Jewish people in America, not 1. To be an oppressed minority in America you're usually subjected to some sort of societal or culturally inflicted economic despair, Jewish people on the other hand are the wealthiest group of people in America by far. Just take a look at the list of bank executives, Federal Reserve Board of Governors, Hollywood studio executives and members of Congress that are Jewish and mostly Ashkenazi Jews to be more specific. Jewish people have hijacked and cheapen the Race card by being wealthy and white and still constantly complaining about racism so in actual instances of racism against real minorities they find that the race card is weaker in their actual instance of racism, because of it's constant abuse by over privileged, litigious Jewish people and the Anti-Defamation League. 




 JIDF, ACTIVATE !
Form of, an Ice Menorah !!!  




 Ashkenazi Jews, even the 2 people that are being considered for the next Federal Reserve Chair, Larry Summers   Janet Yellen are both Ashkenazi Jews. Amschel Mayer Rothschild, the founder of fractional reserve banking, compound interest, and central banking was also an Ashkenazi Jew, funny how that works isn't it ? Funny/infuriating I guess.  




 Nothing will end the sham war on terror quicker than images of impoverished, dead children lying in sandy streets, indiscriminately disposed of by a predator drone, plastered all over the Internet. 




 "No honest journalist should be willing to describe himself or herself as 'embedded.' To say, 'I'm an embedded journalist' is to say, 'I'm a government Propagandist. 
 Noam Chomsky, Imperial Ambitions: Conversations on the Post-9/11 World 




 To quote Chris Rock from his HBO special Never Scared:
"I AIN'T SCARED OF AL-QAEDA I'M SCARED OF AL CRACKA!"
 




 The role of the U.S military in the 21st century is first and foremost to be the procurers of natural resources for multinational corporations and the banking elite that control them.  




 I'm just going to go ahead and say it, how about approximately 2 to 3 thousand Jewish men, with powerful and influential corporate titles living in the greater New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, Los Angeles, Miami and Washington D.C areas ? 




 I'll acknowledge Snowden is an American traitor when Wikipedia officially designates W. Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, Wolfowitz, Powell, and Rice as war criminals.  




 Upvote for excellent usage of the word "fuckery". 
 




 JIDF ACTIVATE !

Form of, an ice menorah!  




 True, but everyone loves a martyr.  




 Fun fact the phrase "self hating Jew" was actually first coined by Theodor Hertzl, the Father of Zionism.  




 To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize.


 Voltaire 




 The First Amendment 

1776  -  2013 

To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize.


 Voltaire 




 This is by far the most infuriating thing that I've read on this sub in quite a while, now the elite own the sun, what next do they own the moon as well ? How could they possibly justify this ? I once applauded Spain for spearheading the renewable energy development charge, but now I know that it was only so the sun could be turned over to the elite in Spain first, to set legal precedent there 1st for the rest of the world. I can already see a 6-3 or 7-2 Supreme Court ruling in favor of privatizing the sun for the likes of Exxon and Chevron.  




 Nothing new here just the entire world at each others throats over greedy Israel, and their quest to slowly take over the entire Middle East by using the US as its warmongering proxy bitch.  




 Even though I swore I'd never vote again after voting for Obama in 2008, I think I could  "blue team" myself back up for a Bernie Sanders-Elizabeth Warren ticket or vice-versa.  




 I would imagine that the odds are somewhere in the neighborhood of slim to go fuck yourself.  




 Journalists around the United States need to realize that if they don't hang together; they are going to hang apart. 

Journalists shouldn't aspire to be influence peddling, talking point uttering, David Gregory-like propaganda mouthpieces for the elite, that is not journalism. At its very best it is palaver, at it's worst it is mass propaganda of the highest degree.  




 I deserve that.  




 I'm sorry about that, I'm just sensitive because someone just shamed me for spelling Michael Hastings name wrong in a meme that was meant to be a tribute to his intrepid journalism. 

  yes to answer question I spelled it:
 "Micheal" 
ugh!  




 Nitpick much ? 

 




 Umm, it's called reading:

"GOGLAND ISLAND, Russia, July 15 (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Monday he saw signs that Edward Snowden, the former U.S. spy agency contractor turned fugitive leaker, was shifting towards stopping "political activity" directed against the United States."

In your defense it was at the very beginning of the article, which I guess means that you did ZERO reading, but o well, that's Reddit for you, the loudest critic is also usually the slowest reader.  




 Who are you referring to ? I didn't misspell anyone's name.   




 I found it on GoodReads.com which is a pretty reputable site for quotes, I'm not trying to perpetuate anything except a quote that is relevant and engaging. 

http://www.goodreads.com/quotes/77244-journalism-is-printing-what-someone-else-does-not-want-printed 




 The American press exists for one purpose only, and that is to convince Americans that they are living in the greatest and most envied country in the history of the world. The Press tells the American people how awful every other country is and how wonderful the United States is and how evil communism is and how happy they should be to have freedom to buy seven different sorts of detergent. 

 Gore Vidal 




 Great is truth, but still greater, from a practical point of view, is silence about truth. By simply not mentioning certain subjects... totalitarian propagandists have influenced opinion much more effectively than they could have by the most eloquent denunciations.

 - Aldous Huxley 
 




 I concur, this is pretty accurate, Israel is using the Zionist owned U.S mainstream media to sucker young Americans to give their lives to eliminate Israel's enemies in the region which is basically everyone else in the Middle East.  




 To this day American Terrorist off of the Food   Liquor album remains my favorite hip hop song.  




 Whoever this troll is he knows to hit us where it hurts. My heart planked for a second after reading "the truth about WTC 7" but alas it was simply the most recent in a an endless cadre of jerk offs and misinformation in the Tower 7 department.  




 The masses never revolt of their own accord, and they never revolt merely because they are oppressed. Indeed, so long as they are not permitted to have standards of comparison, they never even become aware that they are oppressed.

 George Orwell, 1984 




 Amber Lyon revealed this on Joe Rogan's podcast like a year ago, she said that everyone should take a sticky note and cover up their webcam with it, even with me covering up my webcam with a sticky for a year now, I'm sure the NSA still has like hundreds of hours of me jacking it, mere feet away from my face.  




 I don't know about you guys but it looks like Frankie Boyle is about to undergo a serious case of "depression" which will probably only be cured when agents dressed all in black sneak into his place at night and cure him of his "depression" with a noose around his neck.  




 Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same sense that England belongs to the English or France to the French. It is wrong and inhuman to impose the Jews on the Arabs... Surely it would be a crime against humanity to reduce the proud Arabs so that Palestine can be restored to the Jews partly or wholly as their national home 

 Mahatma Gandhi

(Gandhi was kind of a peacknick by the way from what I hear) 




 The 2 most irreparably damaging things during the Clinton administration were :

1. Repeal of Glass-Steagall

2. Telecommunications Act of 1996. 




 I live in the Managerial Age, in a world of "Admin." The greatest evil is not now done in those sordid "dens of crime" that Dickens loved to paint. It is not done even in concentration camps and labour camps. In those we see its final result. But it is conceived and ordered (moved, seconded, carried, and minuted) in clean, carpeted, warmed and well-lighted offices, by quiet men with white collars and cut fingernails and smooth-shaven cheeks who do not need to raise their voices. Hence, naturally enough, my symbol for Hell is something like the bureaucracy of a police state or the office of a thoroughly nasty business concern."

[From the Preface] 
 C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters 




 "The study of money, above all other fields in economics, is one in which complexity is used to disguise truth or to evade truth, not to reveal it. The process by which banks create money is so simple the mind is repelled. With something so important, a deeper mystery seems only decent." 

 - John Kenneth Galbraith (1908- ), former professor of economics at Harvard, writing in 'Money: Whence it came, where it went' (1975). 




 This seems obligatory for a thread like this and also just cause it's the 4th:

Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
Benjamin Franklin

 




 The 1st thing I thought of when I read this article was :

"Goodbye local investigative news!"

Just like how mainstream media is drivel; the local news will soon be completely overrun with talking points for the talking heads on cable news. Just another domino in the downfall of the dissemination of information from the corporate media establishment which grows more conglomerated by the year. 

Sam Zell, the owner of Tribune Co., is adding to his collection of media entities quietly, engaging in this purchase just before a long 4th of July weekend, in other words this 10 figure transaction will be old news by Monday. Zell, is worth $4 billion, and is a shady real estate dealer who has worked to eliminate rent control laws to jack up rates in Florida for over a decade, and he has been one of the most outspoken CEO's in the wake of the burst of the mortgage bubble; saying that :

"This country [real estate market] needs a cleansing. We need to clean out all those people who never should have bought homes in the first place."
[20] He was referencing the many consumers who purchased homes at prices well above their means, as well as the mortgage lenders who encouraged those loans.

So because this story won't be news, and it's pretty much blatantly obvious why this story won't be news (i.e because it's about who controls the news) those were the important bulletpoints.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sam_Zell 




 I posted this yesterday, while he was still missing granted, and my post got buried with little to no attention, and now they've announced they've found his body and r/conspiracy is all up in arms now that CNN of all people is announcing he's officially dead. I'm aware that correlation isn't always causation, but I mean come on r/conspiracy, where's your inner sleuthiness ? Correlation isn't always causation but in this case it seems pretty obvious, and not even in hindsight, I mean dead on arrival. And it's not even up the upvotes, it's that I thought I dropped a bombshell about him just missing in the woods amid this whole NSA scandal and his Senator/brother's role in the ensuing political theater. I guess what I'm saying is that, if they'd never found his body would this whole thing have just been swept under the rug by the media?  




 Now I've never claimed to be a great legal mind, but I do know this, South Africa's Muslim Lawyers Association probably hasn't encountered a monster like Obama's Jewish Lawyers Association.  




 "No matter how big the lie; repeat it often enough and the masses will regard it as the truth."

 -	John F. Kennedy  




 The tree looks relatively unscathed compared to the wreckage that was left of the car.  




 newspeak  (nspk, ny-)
n.
Deliberately ambiguous and contradictory language used to mislead and manipulate the public.
[From Newspeak, a language invented by George Orwell in the novel 1984.]
OR
newspeak [njuspik]
n
the language of bureaucrats and politicians, regarded as deliberately ambiguous and misleading
[from 1984, a novel by George Orwell] 




 "A judge has barred his attorney from mentioning freedom of speech during trial."

If that's not Orwellian, I don't know what is.  




 A Lutheran, a Presbyterian, and a Catholic in Rupert Murdoch. Murdoch is partially Jewish though from his mother's side, approximately 1/3rd.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rupert_Murdoch#Early_life 




 Reddit is owned by the descendants of S.I Newhouse Sr., a printed word tycoon, his descendants own CondeNast and Advanced Publication, Advanced Publication is the parent company of Reddit. The Newhouses are  Zionists and use their massive influence to peddle pro Israel stories, the main inheritor of the fortune S.I Newshouse Jr. is worth upwards of $7 billion and controls Vanity Fair and the New Yorker just to name a few. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samuel_Irving_Newhouse,_Jr.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samuel_Irving_Newhouse,_Sr. 




 Reddit is owned by the descendants of S.I Newhouse, they are wealthy Zionists with a vice grip on the printed word market in America and the West in general. They own Advanced Publication, CondeNast, Reddit and a slew of other magazines. They are billionaires going back several decades and major pro Israel influence peddlers, I'm on my phone and don't feel like digging up the links so do your own research on Reddit's parent company and the Newhouses.  




 Newspeak is in full effect.  




 Newspeak is in full effect, the word whistleblower is being removed from the lexicon to dumb down the masses. Soon there will be 2 versions of the English language, 1 for the general population and a growing, classified language that is comprised of newly made illegal words like whistleblower or liberty.  




 "Assassination is an extreme form of censorship."
 - George Bernard Shaw 

 




 Michael Hastings and Glenn Greenwald certainly both have/did have an abundance of enemies with military training and the means to coordinate an assassination. To me this is blatant intimidation of investigative journalists around the nation, the nature with which the New York Times barely mentioned his death, has all the airs of "an inconvenient situation being swept under the rug" by TPTB.  




 The coroners are saying that it could take up to 6 weeks to determine an official cause of death, what we have to do in the meantime is keep this story as fresh and robust as possible in people's memories; so when the near certain bullshit cause of death is revealed, at least a decent amount of people's bullshit radar will be going off. 

To say that Michael Hastings was a danger to the military establishment is a gross understatement, the amount of enemies he made by triggering the General McChrystal resignation are innumerable. So many military careers and potential promotions were derailed when the chain of command was upended by Hastings. 

I think at best this was a sloppy, public hit on a journalist by TPTB, who had already made his share of powerful enemies and was quite possibly about to uncover yet another scandal in Washington. At worst this was a clear message to investigative journalists around the country to start toeing the company line.  




 Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts... perhaps the fear of a loss of power. 
 John Steinbeck 




 Point taken, but at the same time, saying something is "Huxleyian" doesn't have the same air of impending doom as saying something is Orwellian, chalk it up to marketing , IDK. 
 




 The end of that clip was terrifying, it's so Orwellian the way she exclaimed: "We KNEW they were listening to our calls!" it sort of sounded like : "We've always been at war with Eurasia."
Then that whole segue at the end where they previewed their next segment about people being addicted to texting/smartphones. Obvious agenda much ? Everything after Greenwald was pure spin and character assassination of Mr. Snowden.  




 "Microsoft, Yahoo, Google, Facebook, PalTalk, AOL, Skype, YouTube, Apple. PalTalk, although much smaller, has hosted significant traffic during the Arab Spring and in the ongoing Syrian civil war.
Dropbox , the cloud storage and synchronization service, is described as coming soon." 




 For anyone wondering: Shart means a bet in Hindi.  




 Hey InfiniteSource nice BRAND NEW ACCOUNT you're serving your corporate overlords well here today, just 1 quick question shill, how do you sleep at night? Does your back hurt from all that hard astroturfing work you do all day for GMO's ?   




 For the trolls like AnSq, on this thread, it's not the government it's self that is paying these contractors, it's special interests groups like Crossroads GPS, the NRA, or a slew of other conservative interests groups that are simply vastly underrepresented on the Internet on social media sites, which are also a popular venue for political discourse. Dick Cheney isn't sitting around wondering why his hunting photos aren't getting more likes on FaceBook, that's Karl Rove and his army of suits and PR agent's job. BTW, this happens all the time, to anyone who can't guess this post was mainly in response to the naked shilling that has taken place on this sub, and the rest of the Internet courtesy of Monsanto and their army of subcontractors. If I had to present a solution to the problem, I'd probably have to go with the very unpopular among new users, 30 day old account requirement to post on r/conspiracy. Also the majority of the accounts I've seen nakedly shilling for Monsanto are pretty knew, and their overview is saturated with down voted comments, I thought this was common knowledge.
http://www.insanemedia.net/forum-shill-gets-busted-ats-and-glp-censor-n-7015a/2924
http://neurobonkers.com/2012/01/09/rise-of-the-astroturfer/
http://www.alternet.org/story/150049/corporate-funded_online_'astroturfing'_is_more_advanced_and_more_automated_than_you_might_think
http://www.searchinfluence.com/2011/04/astroturfing-comes-to-social-media-what-reddit-can-teach-us/
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2010/02/26/841001/-Announcing-the-Unofficial-Post-Shill-and-Astroturf-Watch# 




 Remember, Big Brother is always watching.    




 How about a round of applause for the PR department at Monsanto working overtime on a Saturday, Memorial day weekend just to spread a little more disinformation, and log some serious man/shill hours to manipulate public opinion, whatever the hell that is. I've been perusing the different mainstream websites and this global protest was barely a blip on their radar. I wonder how many new social media accounts were set up across the Internet to shill for Monsanto, thousands, tens of thousands? When does astroturfing online political forums by special interests group and corporations become something Congress gives a fuck about ? Course if Congress gave a shit about the general population this protest wouldn't have been necessary in the 1st place. With this corporate media and astroturfed Internet it makes u wonder when it will get noticeably absurd to the flock of sheep that watch the mainstream news, that it's all a sham, there could be looting and riots in the street outside your home as Fox   Friends prattle on about the War on Christmas. Grocery stores being looted and the military on the streets whilst the #1 story on Huffingtonpost is about Lindsay Lohan's latest arrest. Seriously though fuck paid shills, they irreparably damaged Internet discourse.  




 "Should the honey bee ever vanish from the face of Earth, humans would only last another 4 years." 
 -	Albert Einstein 




 Wow, CNBC has been criticized by everyone from Jon Stewart to complicit pawns in Congress for not doing a good enough job covering the financial crisis. There have also been outright accusations of CNBC acting as a PR/disinformation mouthpiece for the big banks and financial firms throughout the so called Great Recession and it's lead up. When CNBC FINALLY reports something noteworthy that doesn't look like it was vetted by PR firms, the $34 trillion lawsuit, the Senior VP's kids get murder-suicided by their nanny ? Looks like someone wanted to send a statement, BTW this happened last	October but I don't remember hearing anything about it in the mainstream, you'd think they'd be all over this 1, news network's VP's kids killed by evil Russian nanny, I'm no journalist but that sounds like gold Jerry ! Seems like it hit too close to home and other news media executives took notice, honestly I don't see how even by avoiding the lawsuit story angle this story wasn't everywhere, it was a blip, then it was gone, almost as if it was swept under the rug.  




 Just today someone on HuffingtonPost (I know), told me that conspiracy theorists are lazy and look for the easiest answer because they don't feel like doing the research. This was coming from a mainstream media Zombie who probably literally allows himself to drool as he switches between Fox, CNN, and MSNBC, like a baby being spoon fed. The antithesis of laziness would be to do your own research and wade into the conspiracy spectrum. Laziness would be allowing the same corporations that stand to make a fortune off of going to war tell you why the United States should go to war. Anyone who's combed the Internet for an alternative history of banking, wars, or genocide can tell you it's exhaustive work. I sometimes reminisce to how much happier I was back when I was just getting my "news" from Brian Williams and NBC, like a docile sheep, with an unoccupied patch of grass in the sun.  




 Great, now because of this useful idiot, trigger happy Americans will only get further entrenched in the idea that terrorism is a real threat. 1 idiot with a cleaver in London, is going to justify another trillion in defense spending to build instruments of death no one needs, shoot if the media hypes this 1 up enough they can spin it into another wrongful invasion/occupation of a Middle Eastern nation so the U.S army can liberate the oil and give more freedom to the U.S dollar, sure that works.  




 Awesome, simply awesome.  




 Banking, by far it's banking.
Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank. Give a man a bank and he can rob the world.  




 Well, so much for the so called "Internet Candidate" I suppose.  




 What's the difference between a dead cat on the highway and a dead banker on the highway? 
There are skid marks around the cat. 




 $100 - Mayer Amsel Rothschild
$50 -   Baron Nathan Mayer Rothschild 
$20 -   James Meyer de Rothschild 
$10 -   Sir Anthony de Rothschild
$5  -   Lord Evelyn de Rothschild 
 




 OP better be careful he's bringing to much truth to this sub, cue the JDIF and occupation apologists calling me an anti-Semite based on nothing more than it being a reactionary self defense method that has served them well over the years in debates. Unfortunately for them I'm not white so I have no white or German guilt for them to take advantage of. Jewish people are genetically the same as Caucasian people, an Israeli population geneticist just confirmed this. The fact that Jewish people get all of this preferential treatment from the US and the UN is ridiculous, Jewish people are NOT a minority, real minorities in America, which are mostly poor people of color, don't consider Jews a minority, just a subset of white. For Gods sake look at their level of affluence, political, and business power they have amassed in America where they're supposedly being racially persecuted, gimme a fucking break, how gullible do u think I am ?  




 That's the 1st thing I thought of too.  




 'MURICA!!! FUCK YEA !!! GREATEST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD !!!  




 Few people have driven my present day worldview as much as this kind sage. The 1st time I watched the "Religion is Bullshit" clip on YouTube I was 17 and couldn't believe someone had taken on that topic so bluntly. I was just getting into Carlin beginning in 2006 then he died in 2007 and I became a rabid fan of his. Anyways the point is if Carlin could see the shit that is going on today, the bank bailouts, the looting of 401k's, and the talk of handing Social Security to the criminals on Wall Street he would be turning in his grave. He called the great Social Security Swindle that Congress is deliberating right now 10 years ago and about a dozen other things. George Carlin IS simply prophetic.  




 Worst yet were all of the agent provocateurs down at these protests. The agent provocateurs are the lawbreaking, violent ones that justify violence against the peaceful protesters, the agent provocateurs look like cops and talk like cops too, they're just uber well groomed guys with buzz cuts, jack boots, and band T-shirts.  




 I don't remember hearing anything about it and I couldn't find an Internet article from the mainstream media about this story. Just a DailyKos article and this 1 by Current.  




 As a former Occupier from Occupy Philadelphia, this is sickening, but its part of a trend of stifling 1st amendment rights by another name that is prevalent in the legal system. To this day watching that Philly cop nightstick that skinny, white kid the night that camp was overrun is 1 of the most frightening things I've ever seen in my life. I'll never look at a cop the same way again.  




 I can't believe this is going to be going on another 20 years, they just won't be happy until all of this ill will fostered in the Middle East courtesy of the U.S military creates an ACTUAL terrorist threat. If they're talking about the domestication of drone usage in America now, there's no way that nightmare doesn't come to fruition over the next 2 decades. How is the public so stupid ? We've had this faceless, undefined enemy for 12 years and we're quietly excepting another 2 decades worth of wasted resources like docile, patriotic, sheep. The novel 1984, should be a required part of the curriculum for high school students across America, of course the way this warmongering government is going it's more likely 1984 will be banned in public schools before its a part of the curriculum.  




 If she's not careful she could go the way of Senator Wellstone, he was also an outspoken critic of business as usual in Washington, except in his case it was the military industrial complex that brought his plane down.  




 Hmm, never thought I'd agree so vehemently about anything with a dogmatic, pedophile apologist but here we are. I guess my hatred for bankers out ranks my contempt for the  professional hypocrites that populate the Vatican.   




 This is a good list, it's hilarious when people say that corporations like Exxon or Apple are the largest corporations on Earth, and they they start citing market share and things like that but they don't stop to take into account that the foundation of the entire economic system, banks, are also private, for profit corporations, that exist only to create indebted masses. How could Exxon or Apple be more valuable than the banks that are backed by the entire Federal government and underwritten by our taxpayer dollars. Let's see how quickly the government would intervene with a multibillion dollar bailout for Apple and Google because they were to big to fail, no of course not, they would just allow Samsung to take over the market share and American tech start ups would get more R D investment. To this the critics say "oh well the banks provide a valuable service", well to that I'd retort, that I'd consider it valuable if they would at least let the taxpayer bend over first of their own volition instead of violently bending the taxpayer over the table and reaming us out.  




 Jack Ruby was also born Jacob Leon Rubenstein, why he changed his name I guess we'll never know. My guess, he didn't want to make it to obvious which group of people would benefit the most from the "single bullet/lone gunmen" theories. Kennedy had a non  interventionist foreign policy, which basically meant he would let Israel do its own dirty work which they've never been good at. Kennedy's vehement denial of Operation Northwoods coupled with Executive Order 11110 were enough to get him whacked. Not fighting Israel's wars for them and issuing gold and silver bonds to the tune of $5 billion in debt-free currency in effect circumventing the Federal
 Reserve, is evidently enough for a sitting U.S President to have his head blown off on live TV and not have anyone do anything about it.  




 I'd upvote this a thousand times if I could. It would've been a million hypothetical upvotes if it weren't for all the spelling errors.  




 Oh no someone said something bad about Jewish people on the Internet! Here comes the avalanche of shills yelling "antisemites!". The JIDF(Jewish Internet Defense League) is clearly well represented on Reddit.
Fun Fact: Reddit is owned by CondeNast, which is owned by Advance Publication, which is owned by the Newhouse family, the Newhouses are billionaire, print media tycoons. They are also aggressive Zionists who have used their influence in the media to drive a subliminal pro Israel narrative in the West decades before the Balfour Declaration was even written. 




 I posted an article about this the other day, and it got a lot of upvotes on r/conspiracy and even reached the top of the page. Despite all the upvotes, the comment thread was saturated by what looked like shill accounts using ad hominem attacks to discredit me and Dr. Eran Elhaik's findings. As a person of color and a 1st generation immigrant I find the fact that Jewish people who are closer to Caucasian than they'd like you to believe, use all of the advantages of this "Chosen People" blood claim to Israel to strengt their narrative. In fact Jewish people are some of the most powerful industrialists and bankers on Earth,and they still clamor for international support as an oppressed minority, when there are so many other groups who could use the resources being lavished upon the Zionist agenda. Also most actual minorities in America don't even view Jews as an actual minority, more like a subset of Caucasian, per capita Jewish people are much wealthier than any other religious or ethnic group per capita. Also there's the coincidence of Israel and AIPAC lobbying Congress to invade Iraq, Iran, Syria etc. basically because it's way easier to manipulate the war monger Americans to fight their wars for them using the media (which they also control 80% of) and off their regional enemies 1 preemptive mass troop deployment and ground invasion at a time. The fact is that Jewish people twist the oppressed minority narrative so much to the point it devalues actual victims of racial prejudices claims. Seth MacFarlane made a joke at the Oscars about how Jewish people control the media and he had the ADL (Anti Defamation League) down his throat with allegations of antisemitism and racism. All of this contributes to the narrative of America being post racial and overly politically correct, but its just sensitive Jewish special interest groups inflating the incidences of accusations of racism. BTW the entire reason the ADL was founded was to combat antisemitism, I'm on my phone and can't track down the Wikipedia link but it's there.  




 Bankers are in fact the root of all evil.  




 All that flowery: "We are all a global race man, we just need to set aside our differences and take care of Mother Earth" stuff is really nice and all in theory. Meanwhile in reality there are 1.6 million Palestinians are crammed into the Gaza Strip, of which 1 million have official "refugee" status with the UN. The Gaza Strip also has the 6th highest population density on Earth with 9,713 people per square mile in this landlocked, heavily policed, arid, baron sub-nation. Of course if you look at events in human history in 600 million year time spans, humans fighting humans over land is inconsequential but those aren't the units of measurement we are working with. Thousands of people that were children in 1948 when the original exodus occurred are still alive today; living on that tiny strip of land bouncing around between temporary borders; no nation to call home and through no fault of your own. The Palestinian people didn't get themselves persecuted all across Asia, the Middle East, and all of Europe and get themselves practically chased out of nations with torches. Look at what they have been reduced to; Gaza is a humanitarian crisis, as Israeli's are living in relative luxury on what used to be; just a generation ago Palestinian land and was that way for more than a thousand years. The Palestinian have become an international spectacle, they were not the world's burden, and now they have been reduced to 2nd class citizens in their own backyard. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_(nominal)_per_capita
http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0934666.html
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaza_Strip#Gaza_blockade 




 Yes, but isn't there a point in the evolution of human civilization where a Manifest destiny foreign policy is no longer acceptable ? Maybe 1 of the reason it's been so hard for "the Chosen People" to assimilate themselves in far flung nations and remain in said nation for an extended period of time  before being expelled. Notice Mongolia is no longer sending hoards of Mongols into China, it becomes antiquated after a while.  




 I don't think people here in America spend enough time recognizing the fact that 725,000 Palestinians were displaced and turned into refugees in 1948. Since 1948 their situation has gotten bleaker as it has become abundantly obvious that neither the United States, the UN, England or anyone else would be willing to back at the absolute rights for Palestinians living in destitution on the Gaza strip in refugee tents without access to water or electricity. 725,000 people, it may not seem like much but that's more people than live in Memphis, Washington or Boston. Imagine if the international community told the citizens of 1 of those U.S cities they would have to leave immediately and start their lives over again from square 1 in a tent in and around the old Super Dome, only this Super Dome is in the middle of the desert. Here in the United States things like that are only acceptable when they happen to black or brown people, and that is the entire crux of what I am trying to  say, Jewish people share more common DNA with Europeans and Asians particularly Slavic and Turkish than they do with people with Middle Eastern ancestry. This is about acknowledging a fact, I don't understand why we trust DNA in every other facet of life like determining criminal cases or the paternity of a child, yet this DNA is wrong or suspect because it doesn't fit the establishment's agenda. 
8 million Khazar's did not simply vanish into thin air, they converted to Judaism, and it is simply much easier politically for a group of people who are NOT believed to be Caucasian to occupy a nation in the Middle East than it would be for Caucasian's or at least it should be in theory. The problem is, real minorities in America, people of color and 1st generation immigrants, myself included in both categories barely consider Jewish people to be a minority, they are basically Caucasian at a glance and are also more affluent per capita than Caucasian's in Western Europe and the U.S. I know there is no such thing as birthright to a piece of land, but at the same time, Americans have never all collectively been ran out of their nation and turned into 2nd class citizen on what used to be their soil, a humiliation Palestinians deal with everyday. Look I'm a super liberal guy and I have a HELL of a lot more in common with the average person of Jewish descent than I would with the average Palestinian what with the fundamentalist religion and all that, but right is right, and pushing people out of their country to correct an injustice that occurred thousands of years ago is not right. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khazars#Theory_of_Khazar_ancestry_of_Ashkenazi_Jews 




 "Some point" doesn't warrant the modern day Manifest Destiny that is Israel's foreign policy in the Middle East. Israel's militant ways were on display this past Sunday when they attacked Syrians in Syria. All Zionists have in the Middle East as a foothold is this brief, erratic, cyclical nomadic wandering, and their own purported geneaoligic evidence of not being Caucasian, at least they did. That is not enough to justify this near 7 decade long military occupation and ensuing humanitarian disaster.  




 Yea but the Italians and Greeks aren't managing an ongoing humanitarian crisis in Israel by forcing 726,000 Palestinians off of their land and in the process of keeping them off of that land killing many tens of thousands more.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estimates_of_the_Palestinian_Refugee_flight_of_1948#Final_estimates 




 To everyone here calling me an anti-semite:
A. You are predictable and boring.
B. Anyone who doesn't understand the inherent importance of this is being willfully ignorant of its magnitude.
C. Muslims are 2nd class citizens in Israel, and don't get me started on the perpetual humanitarian crisis that is the Gaza Strip.
D. Jewish people FORCED PALESTINIANS OFF OF THEIR LAND, they have no interest in living alongside Muslims and do what they can to create an atmosphere of intolerance against them. 
E. Their only claim to the land is from the Bible, nothing genetic, they may have in the tradition of nomadic people, blown through the area, but the historical claim belongs to the Palestinians, they lived there MUCH LONGER. 
F. 8 million Khazar's do not vanish, they simply do not, unless you're saying they were wiped out in a genocide, and I think it's best we don't stray into that area.
G. This is what Mahatma Gandhi has to say on the issue of Israel, and from what I hear he's kind of a pacifist:
Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same sense that England belongs to the English or France to the French. It is wrong and inhuman to impose the Jews on the Arabs... Surely it would be a crime against humanity to reduce the proud Arabs so that Palestine can be restored to the Jews partly or wholly as their national home
 Mahatma Gandhi 




 That was great, so it was about the privatization of the press in America, I imagine it's a pretty well known fact amongst r/conspiracy subscribers that 96% of the media in the United States is owned by just 5 corporations, those 5 being GE, VIACOM, COMCAST, NEWSCORP   DISNEY.  Of course in Kennedy's day there were more than 60 independent news organization's, I don't think even Kennedy could have foreseen the erosion of the media to the extent that it has in such as short period of time. He gave this speech in 1961 and since then the media has been collectively bought and sold more times than I care to analyze.  




 The banker all the way to the left in that picture who has that permanently smug "Just stole your 401k" air  about him is Lloyd Blanfein, the CEO of Goldman Sachs, probably the most dangerous executive in the known Universe.  




 For some reason any Rothschild-related posts on r/conspiracy draw an even higher amount of shills like "BernankewasRight". That act as nothing but transparent PR mouthpieces for the banks.  




 This is so true, NPR Planet Money is an absolute joke, there isn't a thing that they've squarely blame on the bankers. There's always an extenuating circumstance or something they can blame the consumer for. When they interview bankers its to depict them as heroic or as martyrs for making a little less. Hmph Planet Money, more like Planet Shill.  




 He says right in the beginning of the article that he believes the players are different which leads you to believe the Rothschild's are no longer involved, but he doesn't name names of any prominent families or lone billionaire banker tycoons that could be. I wish he would've elaborated a bit further, something like: "The Rothschild's fixed the price of everything until ... ". By not listing a single other family like the Morgans, which leads me to believe that they absolutely are still involved. 




 Elizabeth Warren is forever upvote worthy to me.  




 Chronic. 




 POWERFUL PARANORMAL TV SHOW !!! I hope it doesn't interfere with the podcast at all though.  




 Anyone who still questions if the CIA implemented an unsuccessful coup d'etat on Hugo Chavez in 2002 is either like actually retarded, or works for the U.S government. 




 Try going on Huffingtonpost and posting a comment that states the fact that the Federal Reserve is a private bank operated for profit to a small, undisclosed group of private shareholders. You'll get a cascade of comments from faceless shill accounts using ad-hominem attacks to discredit your character. It's some serious Orwell shit.  




 No mention of either Rothschild or Rockefeller money there though, besides even if they did find any you certainly wouldn't be able to read about it in the New York Times. 




 As I begin typing this I am ready to be downvoted and called an antisemite, but this website Reddit is owned by CondeNast which is owned by the billionaire Newhouse family from the aforementioned article. They are 1 of the 6 families that dictate the narrative for the rest of the 96%	of the media they control to spin. The fact no 1 is allowed to say it out loud is ridiculous, there's a reason CurrenTV and Al-Jazeera are minisculed and demonized by Western media entities, its because they represent 2%	of the 4%	of the media they don't control.  




 Joe, what is the best fight you've ever seen UFC or otherwise?  




 Few men have been as prolific or as prophetic as this kind sage.  




 "America is a nation with 1 political party that has 2 wings and represents 3% of the citizenry."
-	Gore Vidal 




 What a perfectly crafted piece of disinformation, by the way Woodrow Wilson would go on to say this of the Federal Reserve Act of 1913:
"I am a most unhappy man. I have unwittingly ruined my country. A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit. Our system of credit is concentrated. The growth of the nation, therefore, and all our activities are in the hands of a few men. We have come to be one of the worst ruled, one of the most completely controlled and dominated Governments in the civilized world no longer a Government by free opinion, no longer a Government by conviction and the vote of the majority, but a Government by the opinion and duress of a small group of dominant men." -Woodrow Wilson, after signing the Federal Reserve into existence 




 Men of Reddit and Harry Potter fans, are we thinking the same thing, "Petrificus Totalus" with that facial expression.  




 Reddit is owned by CondeNast, which is owned by Newhouse Publications which is owned by the Newhouse family. The Newhouse family are PROMINENT Zionists, and their family has owned newspaper and magazine publications since the 1880's. You know how people say Jews control the media well the Newhouse family is 1 of about 6 Jewish families that dictate  the mainstream media narrative. 
 




 Joe Rogan's podcast dabbles with all of the conspiracy theories, but it only does so in a comedic narrative so know that going in. 




 I don't know who won but Halliburton sure can't be upset with the outcome, billions in no bid government contracts to rebuild Iraq. Personally signed off on by their former CEO Dick Cheney/Vice President/Heartless Devil-Goat human hybrid creature.  




 War will exist until that distant day when the conscientious objector enjoys the same reputation and prestige that the warrior does today.  ~John F. Kennedy 




 The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking... the solution to this problem lies in the heart of mankind.  If only I had known, I should have become a watchmaker.  ~Albert Einstein 




 The pioneers of a warless world are the [youth] who refuse military service.  ~Albert Einstein
 




 You cannot prevent and prepare for war at the same time.  ~Albert Einstein
 




 Well its a good thing we are wiping out bees then, since 2002 bee populations have seen a stunning case of colony collapse disorder. Most scientists agree it has to do with a pesticide made by Bayer called Poncho that the FDA approved in 2001.  




 Yea that's who we should feel bad for, the drone pilots. 
"Oh woe is me I'm a drone pilot and I spend my nights tossing and turning in bed because of the atrocities I voluntarily signed up to commit." 




 Well it may seem crude but I'd still use it before I resorted to using Apple Maps for navigation.  




 TAKE IT! JUST TAKE THE LEG! 




 The fact that Argo won best picture over Django is a crime, anyone with eyes could tell u which movie was better. Where was the drama in Argo, OH NO WHITE PEOPLE BEING RACIALLY PROFILED BY AIRPORT SECURITY BY IRANIANS THE HORROR!!! 




 Yea ancient people also didn't have to worry about their government unnecessarily fluoridating their drinking water to keep them sedated, docile, and compliant with the corporate agenda.  




 "Priests...dread the advance of science as witches do the approach of daylight and scowl on the fatal harbinger announcing the subversions of the duperies on which they live."
- Thomas Jefferson, Letter to Correa de Serra, April 11, 1820
 




 Powerful.  




 Why they gotta give me my man Benedict such a hard time, all he's trying to do is discourage people from using contraception thereby exponentially increasing their likelihood of getting sexually transmitted diseases like HIV/AIDS.  




 Classy yet understated, well played peacock.  




 The last time a white tiger was seen in the wild was in 1959, they don't exist naturally anymore, tiger populations in general are plummeting around the world and have been since the 1850's with the arrival of the British in India. Today the biggest market for the remaining 3200 wild tigers left on Earth is China, which voraciously sponsors poaching in India, which is home to half of all remaining wild tigers.  




 I'd make shady Wall Street banking illegal, like all of the shenanigans that caused the foreclosure crisis.  




 That giraffe looks like it just had a stroke.  




 I'm very surprised Reddit allowed this to b posted or just downvote it into oblivion. 




 Well this definitely should b in r/politics, also this is the 1st time I can appreciate something these Republican Senators from Kentucky have voted in favor of. So many confused feelings welling up in my bleeding liberal heart.  




 The problem with saying anything about this issue is that the moment you do you are labeled an anti-Semite. Look at how the anti-Defamation League came after Saturday Night Live for their sketch last week on the Chuck Hagel confirmation and Israel. 




 Bill Maher is good people, this is a fact. He's superior to Jon Stewart because Stewart acts as if both parties are equally insane and corrupt and that simply isn't true.  




 Everyone involved in this obvious attempt to dupe the viewers should be fired, propaganda foisted upon the viewer plain and simple. 




 She has more balls than the rest of Congress combined, hopefully she can jail some of these greedy, scumbag, bankers. 




 They have actually figured out how to manufacture diamonds in Russia, that doesn't change the fact that Di Biers has a monopoly on the diamond market. 




 Road Trippin' - the Red Hot Chili Peppers 




 Just goes to show you how much bullshit the myth of the "liberal media" really is, here you have the New York Times, a publication that touts itself as the epitome of liberalism, shilling for traditional petroleum powered vehicles. The media is as liberal as their wealthy, conservative agenda oriented executives allow them to be; the New York Times is 88% owned by the billionaire Ochs-Schulzberger family, and another 8% is owned by Carlos Slim the worlds richest man. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_New_York_Times#Ownership 




 Marco Rubio was given his job by wealthy, white billionaires like the Koch brothers to try to convince the Hispanic community to vote AGAINST their own economic and immigration interests. Those dry mouth noises are the sound of what little integrity Rubio has getting stuck in his throat as he realizes that he is truly an Uncle Tom to the Hispanic community.  




 What I would tell this amateur philosopher is that gravity which was first theorized by Newton in 1676 didn't become completely accepted and lose the "theory stigma" until 1915 with Einstein's theory of Relativity. Would you really want to align yourself with the mouth-breathers and cousin fornicators that considered gravity a "theory" in 1914.  




 Amazing, 8"11 and he still couldn't grab a rebound.  




 I hate all superheroes who happen to have billions of dollars of inherited wealth laying around and what you to think it has nothing to do it, You know what I would do if I had billions of dollars in old money laying around my whole life? I'D BE A FUCKING SUPERHERO!!! Not because I'm a remarkable person, it's because I'm 23 and have a regular job that I hate.  




 Or he could be saying : "One day I'll be a big snitch, making sure people get arrested for possessing small amounts of marijuana!" 
 




 Stewie Griffin: But where do we find uranium in WWII Europe? 
Brian Griffin: There's only one place, at the top secret atomic research facility... in Berlin. 
Stewie Griffin: Wait a minute, Germany's building Weapons of Mass Destruction? Well, why doesn't America go in there and kick their asses? 
Brian Griffin: I don't know 
[slowly turns toward the camera] 
Brian Griffin: maybe because they don't have any oil? 
Stewie Griffin: Oooooohhhh... 
[he applauds] 
Stewie Griffin: oh clap clap clap clap clap!  




 Atheism is a non-prophet organization. 
- George Carlin 
 




 The majority of jails   prisons in Louisiana are privately owned and are considered for profit businesses. It's no coincidence that Louisiana also happens to have some of the most Draconian drug laws with long sentences for drug offenders. The company that runs a large share of those prisons the Corrections Corporation of America or CCA as its known on Wall Street lobbies Louisiana lawmakers for the toughest drug laws and of course they do the same with Congress.  




 "I used to work at fire hydrant manufacturing plant, it was horrible couldn't park anywhere near the place."
- Steven Wright 




 Typical BBC news fluff piece, no mention of the Pope's role in the systematic protection of pedophiles within the church's ranks. This man should be brought up an array of obstruction of justice charges in pedophilia cases crossing borders and continents. Instead the world celebrates his achievements in dividing the masses and stifling civil rights and scientific innovation.  




 I would love to see Quentin Tarantino's take on the Native American genocide, there's so many revenge angles that could be worked there.  




 The Singularity is near. 




 Christoph, its Christoph Waltz.  




 I don't know about you guys but I for one can't wait until they have to use that water for fracking so we can get some OIL!, That's what we need in America natural gas at any cost, even drinking water, I mean we like water but we NEED OIL!  




 SCIENCE!  




 In other news the sun rose today.  




 Iceland better be careful or the U.S will end up invading them because "they hate us for our freedom" or "they have nuclear weapons" or because "they want to get nuclear weapons" or whatever other bullshit Rupert Murdoch needs to make up to sell a senseless war to an ignorant public.  




 So I get caught with marijuana and a bowl and get a $500 fine and 6 months of probation in the great state of Pennsylvania, but in New York bankers can burn down the economy, stand next to it   use $100 bills to light their cigars,   nothing. Hmph, justice in America.  




 POWERFUL TURNING SIDE KICK !!! 




 DAMN NATURE, YOU SCARY!!! 




 Here in America we are descended in blood and in spirit from revolutionists and rebels - men and women who dare to dissent from accepted doctrine. As their heirs, may we never confuse honest dissent with disloyal subversion. 
~ Dwight D. Eisenhower 
 




 Capitalism is the legitimate racket of the ruling class
 Al Capone quotes (Famous American gangster in the 1920s and 1930s. 1899-1947) 




 Every 30 minutes a farmer in India commits suicide due to Monsanto, with approximately 250,000 suicides in the last 16 years, 16 years ago Monsanto was given carte blanche in India as well. 
http://naturalsociety.com/monsantos-gmo-seeds-farmer-suicides-every-30-minutes/ 




 The Church is not taxed in the United States and according to a study from the University of Tampa this exemption costs the U.S $71,000,000,000.00 a year, but hey who cares about the federal deficit its not as important as a healthy legal defense fund for pedophiles. 
http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2012/06/16/the-yearly-cost-of-religious-tax-exemptions-71000000000/ 




 Of course Batman beat Superman, Batman is a heroic, billionaire capitalist, whereas Superman works for the press, trying to enlighten the masses and expose the seedy nature of reality. Superman came here from another planet to fight crime, making him the ultimate immigrant, whereas Batman, we know he comes from good Wayne family stock, old money. Only in America would the industrialist with no superpowers with to much time on his hands defeat an alien with super powers. Meanwhile Monday morning Bruce Wayne is going to hire lobbyists to pressure Congress to pass legislation that would break up the unions at Wayne Industries which would benefit him in a bevy of ways.  




 Wait, wait, so you're telling me that Mississippi, by far the poorest state in the country also happens be the most religious state in America, gee I wonder why. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_U.S._states_by_income
http://www.pewforum.org/how-religious-is-your-state-.aspx 




 Q: What is the definition of safe sex down in Mississippi? 
A: Placing signs on the animals that kick.  




 That's because in 2 more presidential cycles the average ago of registered Republicans will be warm corpse.  




