 I was expecting a bag of roasted chile to bring some fragrance on the plane.  I am disappointed in my hopes.   




 Hell yeah!  What kind of parties have a smoker as a prize?  I mean, that's pretty awesome. 




 I'm trained as well.  I've never been taught that in any of the fine dining or scholastic settings I've been in.


It's not about getting burnt.  It's about spilling a pudding that is not completely set.  Or dropping the dish.  I personally would fire someone who did that after being asked not to.  Simply because I sell all of mine and only make 8 a day.  Or in the shop that did 300 covers nightly, I would make 20 and sell every one.  If I dropped one, I would have been in a world of shit.  It will get 86'd every night, but not by an employee's fuck up.


I know why someone would say to pick up and roll the dish.  It moves the sugar.  However, if you use the proper technique in dusting, you will never have to move the sugar yourself after you sprinkle it.  It it needs to be moved, you use the forced air of your torch.


Part of what defines a creme brulee is "burnt."  Nothing wrong with a little black.  Those are words that have been spoken by people who are much better cooks than me.  I'll stick to my roots.  There is a fine line when it comes to excellent and ruined.  Don't be afraid that what you think is good isn't up to others standards.  Others standards are just theirs.  If you are making it for yourself, make it how you like it.  That is the beauty of food - you can control it completely if you do it yourself.


As far as getting the sugar right, there is no other way of doing it rather than practice.  However, doing the whole process is a pain in the ass and not cost effective.  So do it over gelatin water.  Bloom gelatin and let it set up in your ramekins.  It will take 5 minutes of inactive prep and cost a few pennies per dish.


Now your torch.  You need to know your torch.  The reason people get burnt sugar compared to caramelized is because they use too much sugar and they try to melt it to quickly by placing the flame to close to it and burn the top layer.  To get around that, place your ramekin on the table.  With a 3 finger pinch, lightly sprinkle sugar over the top in a fine, 1 or 2 grain layer.  Shake the dish a little to move the excess around which isn't stuck to the surface, then tip on its side to tap off all the excess sugar.  Removing the excess is the most important part.  Note that your layer of sugar will not be 100% at this point.


Now lightly melt the sugar with your torch.  While the sugar is still hot, repeat the dusting process again and let sit one minute until cool.  Lightly melt again and repeat dusting.  This third and final dusting is where you're going to want to get the caramel.  Now this is where the practice of the torch comes in handy.  And I can't tell you how to do it without actually using your torch.  You just have to play with it.  But it's really fucking simple.  And even easier to fuck up.  Done right though, it's magic.


Alright.  Now it's time to make a Cubano.  Also.  I didn't ask, someone else did ;) 




 Hold up here.  Never hold it in your hand. I'll BRB, but while what the posted above said will work, you run risk. 




 A smoker to subscribe to?  Or a sub?   If you mean sub, i'd say r/BBQ and R/smoking. 




 Well.  Don't be a dick.  If you don't act like a dick and say dick things, you won't get treated like a dick.  Nor will you get told to go fuck yourself.  I tried investing in a slicer by offering you to purchase one for me.  And then you insult me.  You sir, are a dick and can go fuck yourself if that is how you are going to behave 




 You know, considering that I care fuck all about plating, I'm almost concerned with it.  And considering that you can not either create or contribute content, only critique it, I almost care what your input is.  

But here is what it comes down to.  I make better product than you can probably afford to purchase.  So why don't you either A) go fuck yourself or B) go fuck yourself.  I suggest you take option number two. 




 My good knives were at the shop and the little home slicer I own is BS.  How about you invest in me and ship me a 12" deli slicer? 




 Yeah, that's what I was just reading on Wiki.  Staple Toronto sandwich eh?  I might just have to fly out there and have one! 




 OH!  What is this peameal bacon you speak of?  That is a new term to me, so now I'm going to have to learn how to properly make it.  May the gods continue to bless the internets so that we learn of new forms of bacon daily. 




 If you want them to succeed, you will have to help them if this is their game plan.  And more than likely, they will need a lot more help from the community than that if it is going to succeed.  Like a landlord that is willing to front up space for 6 months to get ducks in a row.

But in all honesty, good luck.  This is a recipe for failure and would probably ruin their marriage if this is a plan to stick with.  If this is really last ditch, I would suggest they need to dig a different hole to get out of.  Sorry.  But by the sounds of it, this plan will do more harm than good. 




 From what I have been told, that would be back bacon. 




 Ya know, I don't know the history of the different cuts so much, outside of Italian.  Now I'm intrigued.  I've read a lot and have a decent library, but I guess I need to hit the books just as much as I hit the salt.

To me, while I know that pancetta is technically an older style of bacon than American, I still wouldn't call it bacon.  It's pancetta for fucks sake, not bacon.  It's all in the nuances of language.  That is why when people ask me stuff is anymore I just tell them to shut up and shove it in their mouth :) 




 And all my friends keep asking me why I don't start a catering company... 




 Pineapple slaw.  I think this might be the winner idea out of all.  How did you make yours?  

It needs to be charred, no question about that IMO.  Cabbage doesn't seem right.  Mangos or apples would make it to fruity.  Cilantro and pea shoots?  Hrm...  I live in the desert and don't work with pineapple much.  I love it, but it's usually a second thought and in this instance, it would be awesome to have it as a primary ingredient.   




 They love me in there.  However, I have been asked to not post ingredient questions, only full on sandwiches.  Here is a gallery of snacks if you'd like to make yourself hungry...

http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe 




 http://i.imgur.com/CXR1Bl1.jpg

60 hours in the brine, 6 hours in cold smoke, 3 hours roasted at 200.  I need to make some pizza dough. 









 http://i.imgur.com/CXR1Bl1.jpg

60 hours in brine, 6 hour cold smoke, and roasted at 200 for three hours. 




 Monday nights at Big Adventure Comics is "The Game Thing."  On open to the community board gaming night.  There are hundereds of games in the collection and dozens of people show up every week.  I think biggest turn out has been around 50 people!  There are people that show up who play chess.

Also.  Talk to folks at Stagg Tobacconist.  They are in the moving process to their new location on Cerrillos, but they are the only place I know of in the area that sells Chess clocks and high end boards.  They would probably know of others in the area too. 




 I do love to share with my neighbors.  In fact, the only reason I cook is to feed other folks.  If you're ever in NM or planning a trip out here, hit me up.  I'll gladly make you a sandwich.   




 Am planning on it and will do.  This chunk of bacon is week 7 of my "make a different kind of bacon every week for a year" challenge.  So you can expect to see many more pics of tasty from me.   




 Horseradish.  I've been thinking wasabi or some such nonsense, but I know where I can get farm fresh horseradish right now.  Good call.  And the red onion would pair nice with a lime dressing and pickled ginger.  Yeah...  I can see something delicious coming together... 




 Good point.  




 I'm thinking either a lemongrass or sesame slaw of sorts.  Maybe some charred bok choy?  A straight up Bhan Mi would be good, but I make those already.  Anyone have any suggestions? 









 http://i.imgur.com/ANsz2tQ.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/s2VQu9N.jpg

Salt, garlic, black pepper, Hatch Green Chile, pink salt.  48 hours in the cure and into the smoker it goes... 


































































































































































































 cheers! 














 Title says it all.  I'm an accomplished cook and yet for the life of me I can't come up with a good bean patty burger recipe.  Or find one online.  The only stuff I can find that turns out the way that we like is a falafel type pattie.  Not that that is bad, but I want something to grill that won't fall apart and not be falafel.  Any help would be greatly appreciated! 













































































































































































































































































