 when you have a lot of apps opened do you feel any slowdown when switching spaces, minimizing windows ? 




 have you updated or restored to 8.4 ? 




 I wasn't trying to argue either, just sharing my point of view ;) you've said it all, nothing else to add 




 Everything we know about life it's based on our planet. To think beyond earth it's quite a challenge 




 we don't know, I believe, how big the universe truly is, so, we will never know for sure 




 jailbreak 8.4 instead .. it's all working, and tweaks will be released and updated to 8.4 not 8.3. Plus, you'll get the new music app which, if you don't give a damn about Apple Music, is rubbish
 




 have you refreshed the sources ? 




 mentalism here ahah 




 indeed, but they always have something to complain about. The jailbreak: "Oh, that's complicated to do, it's not always available, warranty, and so on". I love my iPhone jailbroken, i don't like the stock, it  have too many things to improve 




 I did not .. you're right my bad 




 electronics ? Wo why do pilots use iPads ? 




 it's sad that rain doesn't come in colors 




 it could be estimated. there's nobody in space counting, I guess 




 Exactly ! the problem is Apple don't give a damn about who don't use Apple Music 




 if he's running 8.4 and they work I guess they're compatible don't you think ? 




 that's the question for $1M 




 that's why the iPod is dead ahah 




 people that say android is more customizable than iOS must must watch this ! 




 ahah it might. 




 So, do you believe in Bin Laden's death ? 




 he was not an idiot after all ahah 




 yes, I know, but what I mean is there's a reason. 




 you will never get the full 16GB.. you might get 10 




 MxNitro hasn't come to OS X yet ! 




 if they are about the same price you have to decide whether the bigger screen/more power is better for you. 




 why the current year is 2015 and not some billion ? 




 yeah, but the world is huge so that's the way it is I guess ...
 




 40 devices ? Wow 




 notifications for a specific app you mean app badges ?  




 I know :) but the 2.5 and 2.8 he's refering are quad core i7 available in the 15'' rMBP 




 I used TaiG 2.2 but since there are newer versions you can try it. If it gets stuck you'll have to restore. 




 it doesn't get stuck. I updated my iPhone to 8.4 from 8.3 and it got stuck at 60%(injecting). I restored and dis it again and it worked flawlessly 




 yes, and it's true. But it seems that TaiG works better with restored systems. If you restore from backup after jailbreaking you just need to download the tweaks and their settings are all set 




 do you feel it drains faster ? 




 I updated from 8.3 to 8.4. It was stuck at 60%. I restored to 8.4 and it worked fine 




 7.0 ? Oh lord ! It's better to restore. I had issues jailbreaking 8.4 as I updated from 8.3. I restored
 and had no issues 




 Alkaline ? Why ? 




 the real difference is Apple Music, or the music app.. 




 people don't want to install packages manually. I jailbroke an iPad yesterday using TaiG 2.2 and updated cydia, substrate and the TaiG package through cydia 




 you don't feel safe without an antivirus ? 




 it's not terrible, it might be for your needs. if you don't use external monitors, external storage, and you need a laptop everyday it's a good machine. Of course you'll have to pay for it and that's the hard part I guess 




 what rMBP ? 




 the 2.5 and 2.8 are both i7 




 great video, hope Apple watches it 




 My question is, why having all of those buttons ... if you don't use Apple Music you only need My music.. and searching between albums and songs it's way different now  




 I think it's nice to have a new music app but this is entirely focused on Apple Music. They don't want a separated app so this is what we got  




 update now, no issues so far 




 I think it's safe but you have to double check what you are trying to install 




 It's the first time i see someone amazed with iTunes 




 I did a respring and it's working fine 




