



























































 It will be a hard birth because she is under 6 months. While they can get pregnant, rabbits under 6 months can have their pelvic bones broken during birth. 




 I second everything in this post. It takes time and earning their trust is actually a very passive process that just requires patience. 

Feeding him his greens by hand, even if just holding out your hand flat with a leaf on it, is extremely helpful as they learn to associate you with food. 

Another important thing is to stay out of their space. Whether they have a pen or they are free roaming there is going to be some spot where their food bowls and litter box are. Leave it alone except when cleaning. Let them out and try to clean when they are not near the cage. On a similar note, if our rabbits are in their cardboard hidey boxes we don't bother them. And we open their pen door to let them out and let them go back in as opposed to picking them up and putting them back in.  




 Bonding usually takes longer than a week. Personally, I would seek to be involved in the bonding process. You need to learn the visual language of the rabbits to know when they are being aggressive and when they are establishing pecking order with dominant behavior. There are things you are allowed to let them do and things you should never let them do. 

There is always the risk of them getting hurt. There is absolutely no way to watch them 24/7 and prevent every nip. Checking them over while they are in the process of bonding is important to make sure there are no scabbed wounds getting infected underneath.

I would ask this lady to teach me bonding techniques and include me in the bonding. You will probably need to keep the bunnies in side by side housing for a while as they get used to sharing the same space. You can even swap which pen they are in each day. 

Don't go into this blindly and assume she will be able to do the work and you will bring home 2 perfectly bonded rabbits. Bringing home a rabbit into the other rabbit's house could upset the work she has done and require further bonding efforts. 

There are lots of techniques and lots of opinions about how bonding can be done best. Do some research, and don't let her exclude you from the process. 




 Our bird loves to get into our rabbits' hay, too! Cute :) 




 I love seeing older bunnies doing good!  




 I think I posted a link to the album the first time and meant to just post a link to this pic. Doesn't really matter as it is the only pic in the album now, but there may be more later :) 




 Solid linework and beautiful color. Love elephants. Great tatt! 









 Gorgeous ink. Love the green. 

















































 While the wounds are healing do this twice a day:
Take a washcloth with hot salty water and hold it on the wounds to soak them and clean them. 
Spray them with this: http://store.vetericyn.com/index.php/wound-and-skin-care/vetericyn-all-animal-wound-and-skin-care-4-oz-liquid-pump.html
Make sure they do not close over from the top and have pus building up under the scab. Make sure they are closing from the inside. The soaking with the wet washcloth will help this and the vetericyn will keep the wound from getting infected (and be safe for your rabbit). 
This is all information our vet gave us about caring for wounds and she is a very good rabbit vet.

As far as bleeding, rabbits are small and bleeding out is a serious danger. Stypic powder can help stop bleeding from small wounds. http://www.amazon.com/Miracle-Care-Kwik-Styptic-Powder/dp/B0002H3RBU/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8 qid=1375141400 sr=8-2 keywords=styptic+powder 
Clean q-tip in the powder and dab it on the wound.

If you are worried your bunny isnt eating properly, try critical care:
http://www.amazon.com/Oxbow-Critical-Apple-Banana-Supplement/dp/B001FKACXO/ref=sr_1_2?s=pet-supplies ie=UTF8 qid=1375141438 sr=1-2 keywords=critical+care
It says to mix with water. If your bunny isnt eating it, get some canned organic pumpkin or a little bit of banana to mash up with it. This is what we use for sick rabbits at our rescue. You may need to syringe feed her this if she isnt eating and wont eat this.

And consider keeping your rabbit indoors! There are lots of benefits to having a houserabbit, and we see a lot of injured rabbits come in from encounters with wildlife in their outdoor hutches. 




 Take your rabbit to the vet. If he is bobbing his head and seems dizzy and spacey it could be head tilt. 
If he is avoiding placing weight on his leg he may have hurt himself. 
The cost of an exam from my vet is $60. 
The rest of the cost will depend on what is wrong with him and what the treatment is. 




