 *Do You Think I'm Saxon?*    
Mother of God... 




 It still has yet to release most markets outside the U.S. 




 Nope. Still Marvel Studios productions. 




 That's what the glitched memories are intentionally called, yeah. 




 If I'm not mistaken, Jak X came out in 2005, so that fits as well. I have heard that they were working on Uncharted since *during* Jak 3's development. 




 X-Men: First Class had a great score. 




 [Frankenstein's Monster](http://youtu.be/6oIUOqK_er8) from X-Men: First Class is iconic for that film. 




 I mean, everyone eventually dies. He was a pirate. It's kind of inevitable. 




 I agree with this so hard. Vidic's monologues were fantastic. 




 That's not what I meant. 




 Which one? 




 Still, a director should know how basic comedic timing for a comedy works. The Earth segment at the beginning is faithful on paper, but in tone it's completely different. 




 I think it was directed with terrible comedic timing. Every line had no room to breathe. It's like they were in a rush to get through all of the jokes, some of which lacked their brilliant set-up from the book; punchlines aren't a joke. 




 She's hardly in it. 




 You unlock previous squadmates with tokens earned in the combat sim. You invite individual members up before the party by selecting "invite *****".  




 Jack and Jill and Blended were widely maligned. 




 What? No. 




 only 




 That's the spirit. 




 "Netflix rhymes with wet chicks" was only one of many moments that prove Sandler is only in it for the money these days. 




 In that sense, I'm glad they showed it. It was bloody amazing. I'd still expect at least one controlled set piece in the game like the cargo plane. It's what the series is known for. 




 I'm just kinda glad they didn't spoil any big action set pieces (like the train and the cargo plane from 2   3). I know some people wanted that, but I'd really rather experience it myself. 




 And that's my only gripe, which is pretty good for Rogue. 




 Saleswise, prob not well, but as a sequel to Black Flag it's pretty good. Only complaint is that the amount side content waaaayyyyyy outweighs the amount of story content. 




 All Blacks hater, I presume? 




 Far Cry and Rogue weren't bombs at all. 




 [Here's the latest news, from February.](http://m.ign.com/articles/2014/02/10/director-jaume-collet-serra-says-live-action-akira-still-a-go) Read the last paragraph of the interview. It's a bit racist.     
Plus, Oldboy the movie is Korean, based on a Japanese manga. The American remake is based on this film. 




 They're proper Blu-ray  sets available from JB Hi-Fi in Australia and New Zealand. Those are all labelled with Australian ratings, so they're from Australia. 




 Actually, I'd bet most people would know her as the best friend in Confessions of a Shopaholic.    
/s 




 Switch Liara and Tali and this flow chart is actually possible. 




 The first song I heard after finishing DT was *Ass Back Home* by Travis McCoy. I'll always associate it with DT despite it being totally tonally different from it. 




 I hate the Aaron Paul suggestion for this same reason. He's way too old. He'll be 40 by the time the film is even announced, if ever. Because of this, any fan casting for Eddie Dean is probably not going to work out.     
Speaking of actors meeting with producers for movies, Maisie Williams met with Sam Raimi and Neil Druckmann about The Last of Us. She's 17, and the movie hasn't been greenlit. Ellie is supposed to be 14.     
The leaders of both projects are just trying to show executives and studio heads that big actors are interested in their film. Aaron Paul for Eddie and Maisie Williams for Ellie are both way too old. 




 Christopher Lee would be my pick. 




 The Room thumbnail... 




 Only female character in The Hobbit besides Galadriel. She has a dwarf-boner. 




 They have their own styles. Doesn't matter what you think of their work. Every director leaves a mark on their films. You don't like Guy Ritchie. That's fine. He has his own style, though. 




 The Bloody Mary fight in Ep 5 is so badass. 




 Literally the next one is a Game of Thrones reference. Only c**ts name their swords. 




 Make sure to meet up with her every time she messages you. One of them is a call from the Spectre Embassy. 




 *Hone Alone 




 If it already looks that good a year away from release, I've got to say I'm getting excited. 




 200 years after Shakespeare... 




 /r/nottheonion 




 As a long time AC fan, this one really hurt me. It's hardly about the French Revolution, Arno is clearly the executive notes for Ezio 2.0 and the best character, Elise, is underused and ultimately undermined by the story itself in the most insulting way possible. What the modern day story has become is too depressing to mention when thinking of the potential and the heights of what has come before. Ubi developed AC Rogue for fans and AC Unity for sales. It was developed from executive notes and not any one person's vision. What the hell happened? 




 Massive step back from MW. I'd rather that one was on PS4. 




 The menu and loading music gets quite grating after a while. It's like every time you start up the game, a wave of depression washes over you in the form of whatever the hell instrument accompanies the guitar. 




 No one; this one isn't a true 50/50. 




 But then how else would horny 10 year old me have gotten into the show? 




 Exploration in ME1 is optional, but enjoyable for some. The planets are rather barren, so you might not/probably won't enjoy it as much.    
Scale, though, is a different story. You do feel like you're exploring an entire galaxy, and it feels amazing. The exploration from ME1 is scaled back, but the atmosphere retains a feeling of being bloody massive.    
Edit - TL:DR In terms of atmospheric scale, they *feel* big; bigger than the games actually are.      
(Just saying: if you only played 3, you haven't experienced the game's full potential. Importing saves between games changes what content you see storywise.) 




 If you buy the trilogy, you download the games separately. 




 Bioware have publicly admitted that they might do it. An exec was on Neogaf asking for wishlists, and also listed his own: 1080p, 60fps, seamless experience between the games, DLC implemented into ME3 organically, higher resolution textures etc.    
[Source](http://www.playstationlifestyle.net/2014/11/07/bioware-asking-fan-feedback-mass-effect-trilogy-ps4-xbox-one-remake/) 




 Every single character arc in Season 5 comes to a tragically, dramatically ironic conclusion. It's brilliant. 




 They did provide a reliable source. 




 Iron Man 1, kind of... 




 It's also my face seven minutes into the Arrow pilot where Tommy says "In that show Lost, they were all dead...I think." Thanks for fake-spoiling the show for millions of people, CW! 




 *"Al Jazeera's a network."* 




 [The chances are higher than you'd have thought!](http://venturebeat.com/2014/11/07/bioware-mass-effect-trilogy-remake/)    
People don't realise, but they're being discreet about it likely because it's in the works. Whether they'll actually go through with it is up in the air, because I'd imagine it would be fucking expensive.    
(Edit: better link) 




 Make sure to have Extended Cut installed and over 3100 Readiness! 




 That struck me as a lazy way to make sure it didn't break co-op. 




 Best way possible? Considering what we've had before, this is hardly the best way possible. We've never been given the chance to experience the best possible modern day story. 




 It synced Freedom Cry the other day, but it hasn't yet realised that I've 100%'d it. It also believes that even though I've completed the story for AC Revelations, I've got 0% sync. It doesn't realise that I have 100% on AC2 or have even played Rogue. My multiplayer levels for Brotherhood and Revelations are only accounting for one of my PSN accounts, rather than the original levels I synced my Uplay account with - both over level 20. It's screwed.    
Bonuses won't matter when I've moved on to another game. It will have been too long when they finally fix it. You had your chance Ubi. 




 This looks hilariously uncomfortable. 




 It's only a couple of them, though. I'll get enough for Veterans and Endurance. 




 Some of the Abstergo Challenges are bugged to zero progress, when I've definitely performed these actions many times. 




 Infamous First Light - 1 day, 29 *seconds* (no hours of minutes).    
[Here's my account](http://psnprofiles.com/train_subject4565). 




 Don't forget he left Lost altogether after one episode. 




 Probably because they can't show off any good cinematography from it. It'd look pretty out of place. 




 2001 was not technically *based* on a book. Clarke and Kubrick collaborated. Clarke admits parts of the book were adapted from independent changes to their draft in the film.    
But, yeah, 2010 was absolutely based on Clarke's book. 




 There are ways to make it interesting for longer. I just think it really drags on and it doesn't need to. 




 Bishop. She's just a new character. Possibly Erudito, but it's never stated. 




 *Me and my Battle Tits.* 




 You're on /r/PS4, so... 




 Like KDramaStars and Master Herald, massive click bait sites. 




 *My name is ASAC Ellie, and you can go fuck yourself.* 




 And SR2 at the bottom. 




 *This explains...so much.* 




 So they're apologising for the shitty release by giving us free DLC?! Great save, Ubisoft. First step towards redemption. 




 This comments section is cancer. Good post, OP. 




 For me, it gets quite repetitive after an hour and a half. Even on hardcore, it's too easy if you're good at the gunplay. And [spoiler](#s "Nyreen dies?! Why? We haven't known her for very long. It's not impactful. It takes away importance from what was an intriguing character.")    
Also, Illusive Man Lite aka Generic Russian General was quite a weak villain. He plays bloody chess and makes chess metaphors. Clich, much?    
Overall, the story felt like it was thrown together to justify spending time developing concepts for an Omega level before removing it from the original story. 




 I'm not a Batman fan, but Inception is a great rewatch with mates just for the awesome action. 




 I can't watch Memento again, but The Prestige is better every time. 




 People who did hate Desmond were too outspoken. 




 On their Twitch channel, I'd think. 




 It certainly spoiled *my* first viewing of the film, but who knows how I'll react on second watch? I still love The Prestige and Inception; they're probably both top ten favourites for me. Memento is pretty solid too. Sucks how disappointed I was in this movie, but I'm glad to see others liking it. 




 In the extended patch notes, they list "UNSPENT SYNC POINTS NOTIFICATION APPEARING TOO OFTEN". We did it, guys! 




 Yet people accuse us of lying, saying there's no possible way you could have guessed.    
I think it doesn't reflect on the movie well if people who are versed in its genre can guess what the ending is going to be, 20 minutes in. 




 It's not like they're even the reason for the movie's failure. If the leak was good, buzz would have spread. 




 Anyone who's read 2010: Odyssey Two would guess this pretty quickly, because Bowman/Star-Child does the exact same thing to his wife. 




 Dude...Revelations! 




 Aside from all of the great Breaking Bad episodes and servicable GoT episodes, she directed [last season's Walking Dead finale](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNzgDgdmRK4). I feel like they've taken a ton of cues from how she handled that episode.  




 Someone should tweet this to Raimi and Druckmann. They've already met with a fan-suggested actress, so we know they're open to public opinion. 




 I know, I'm a motherfucking mastermind! 




 GUESS WHAT? YOU HAVE A NEW RIDDLE! HOLD THE MAP BUTTON TO READ IT, or just read the clue on screen after this pop-up disappears LIKE YOU'RE ACTUALLY SUPPOSED TO. 




 Mediafire might be better for *public* sharing, or Mega.co.nz 




 Now watch [**THIS**](http://youtu.be/kH0P-CA7ntE). It's meant to be viewed post-finale. 




 What was the controversy? Ralph from The Dharmalars was on Jay and Jack's 10th Anniversary Rewatch about a month or so ago, and they were reminiscing about how great Scott  amp; Steve were. If you were willing, you could share the episodes on Google Drive possibly. The other guys and I would be grateful. 




 Not very far into Unity, but the new map is a bit painful to use. What do you guys think? 




 Different? He didn't sound at all like the cowardly mess from the glyphs in Brotherhood and II. Anyone else think this is strange?    
Off topic: Wasn't John "John from IT" Standish aka The Sage a little too similar to Revelations' portrayal of Clay? 









 EDIT: Was going to put "INB4 Lost, Mass Effect and The Dark Tower" to avoid repeats.    
Remember to put "and why"! 




 This is a VERY strange question.    
When I first read it, I interpreted the beach to be on the right of them as they progressed. When I was halfway through the book the second time through, I was furious when I figured out it was the other way around.    
All of the evidence points toward the beach being on their left - to the west.    
How did you picture it? 




 For my second playthrough of Mass Effect 1, I decided to play on Hardcore on a new profile (yeah, that's pretty stupid for a relative newcomer) as a class I had never played before - Vanguard.
I f***ing hate Benezia. I have died for literally two hours in total. I did go back to an earlier save to complete the Hot Labs, which I'd bypassed, to gain a level.
Once I went down to Casual and still died, but this time because I put in less effort. I restarted my checkpoint and was reverted back to Hardcore. I ended up persevering on Hardcore and have nearly beat the bitch.
Since I never changed the difficulty on that one save, will I still get the trophy?

Plus, any tips for the final part of that boss fight for a level 18 Vanguard on Hardcore? 




