 Thank you. I found pretty much the same job. Looks like my trade is the same as a millwright or industrial machinery mechanic 




 I was looking for jobs today mostly in the US (I'm from Australia) and couldn't seem to find my trade anywhere. I'm a mechanical fitter tradesman and hold a certificate 3 in mechanical engineering (fitter and machinist) and was wondering if there even is such a trade in the US or anywhere else. Thanks in advance if you reply.  




 Well I'm glad it's not just me then 




 Or is it just me? 




 I was a chewy taco. Thought it was quite good 









 Looks like Tom from MySpace 




 the biggest i have in my tool-bag is a 46mm, but I have used a 130mm socket attached to a pneumatic torque multiplier. The smallest one I've undone on it was 1/2 inch but I'd say there is smaller 




 no sorry, i do regret not taking any, if i get the chance to work on one again i will take some for sure 




 some days its pretty interesting, when i worked on this machine i had never done so before. But most of the time its fixing the same things 




 just a bigger bucket really, they are all pretty similar in my eyes 




 the service trucks we use have a built in 1000L grease storage compartment, pretty much the same method as the one you mentioned though 




 yes its an open pit iron ore mine in Western Australia 




 Only 430 hours on the clock, still pretty new 




 Yeah it was locked out. We had to change a hydraulic line on it (was leaking) 




 We have service trucks that grease them using compressed air to help deliver the grease 









 Not sure how much per hour but that machine has a 13,000L diesel fuel tank and only 430 hours 




 Sorry I'm new to reddit but I shall put it on there. Cheers 









 no problem. Thanks for asking :)  




 haha sorry. The bucket can can hold about 35 metric tonne of iron ore. and it's at an open-cut iron ore mine 




 yeah just to test that it's working properly, and it is as fun as you'd think 




 I'm a mechanical fitter I had to replace a leaking hydraulic line on it. haha you'd just have to apply for a job and hope for the best 














 People killed his family... He needs money for karate lessons 




 Wow seal has really let himself go... 




 Yolo... Should be banned 




