





























 Fan diddley tastic 




 Thanks :) me too 





























 Thanks for the comments. I think it may be the stained glass piece that came from the music hall 




 lol Motionblur!
 





























 I can understand your position. .and can also see that you are missing my point. 




 Great work, I'm hoping to get to Detroit still this year 




 Bah...I just think its dumb when I state that I don't wish to share a location in my own post and some twit decides to ignore my wishes and drop names.

I do agree...let them get in and caught..if you get caught you're not doing it right.

Thanks for the comment...great flickr feed btw!  




 The story will come with the additional pics I share, have you seen the amount of dicks that are spray painted on the walls in there and all the other idiotic graffiti?  How does that make you feel as a local?

If I can help keep a few idiots out of the place by keeping it a secret than I've done my job.  Any legitimate urban explorer who knows how to do research can figure out where this is and plan their visit - there is no need to name drop locations - you just put them even more at risk. 




 ok ok maybe I overreacted!
 




 Wow - you've got some nerve. 




 Certainly! 




 Sorry, don't give out locations 



























































 hahahaha 17 up votes and 17 downvotes!!

Toronto loves and hates bird shots! 




 wow, you guys have taught me more about the Warbler in 6 hours than I have learned in my entire life!!!!!  haha

Thanks :) 




 Great idea!!

www.freaktography.ca

 




 woo hoo! 




 it was weird...he just stood there :( 




 I knew they wouldn't do anything for a little bird, so I gently moved him over to the side so as to not get stepped on or picked up by a dog out on a walk 
























 I post a story about a (now) abandoned home in an "urban exploring" section of reddit...and you guys are complaining about trespassing and B E??  

You guys are in the wrong section if you're whining about those two things here... 














 very cool! 




 haha...I love the downvotes...like who downvotes a nice simple photo of an empty baseball park!! 




 Thanks alll! 




 hahahaha nice! 




 lol hahahah 


































 very cool 














 arent you a witty one :P 




 hahaha funny guyeteria 




 amazing! 




 This was taken at the Hyatt Boston Harbor - excellent views of the city from across the harbor! 




 well, up until about 2 weeks ago there was a gaping hole at the back where they were doing demo...but I hear they have since closed up any and all holes...so you're out of luck :( 




 Camera 	Nikon D3200
Exposure 	25
Aperture 	f/5.6
Focal Length 	18 mm
ISO Speed 	200

:) 









 Oh Chippah.. 




 Three Dee, the guy was actually sleeping..as the story goes.  He woke up and realized what had happened and his quote is How far away must one sit to be safe in this park?" lol 









 ugh...that gave me shivers 









 Very cool find 
























 lol - there is lots in the area 




 true! 




 It's hit and miss really!  Luck and timing 




 EASY AS PIE! 




 THANK YOU! 




 Nope :( NY 




 Thanks!!! 




 apologies, thanks for letting me know 




 excellent!!  very cool 
























 lololo, Great Comment, thanks 




 Thanks!! 




 Excellent shot 




 Check out my website, [train_subject246.ca](http://www.freaktography.ca) recently launched.  Lots of pics of Urban Exploring and Rooftopping with some Street Photography and a blog of my explores!!

Thanks

[train_subject246.ca](http://www.freaktography.ca)

 




 lol. nope! 









 Thanks! 












































 This is killer! 














 Lol 







































 excellent!!  well done and great location 




 very cool 
























