




 Wendel once approached me as I was waiting for a friend and gave me a one-on-one tailoring workshop as I helped him re-pin the hem of his dress... I remember him complaining that the fabric he uses is becoming too popular and is selling out.  




 There's also a new place in Gowanus that's similar to 3rd ward, although I forget its name    




 Don't even consider staying in the Sperdorm! Live somewhere where you can live the life, learn Turkish, etc...

If you have a decent budget (maybe up to 700 lira a month) try Cihangir, galata, etc... You can also try living  in Tarlaba for a different experience if you want full immersion  (IE living in a Kurdish\Roma ghetto).It's cheaper there and in a few other places like Kasmpaa than in the trendy neighborhoods but requires some more street smarts and Turkish skills. Student-oriented places can also be found in Bekta or, of course, near Boazii.  




 I've heard that the CIA uses colonial williamsburg as a kind of practical field training ground for agents headed on assignment to foreign countries. Practicing how to follow people, dewdrops, and the like. Did you ever witness this?  




 I went to high school with the creator of this site!  




 This is new york, not Berlin... I don't know if you'll find a squat.  









 quite a common sight in Istanbul too:
 http://mw2.google.com/mw-panoramio/photos/medium/3515933.jpg 




 Where did your family live before the US? 




 As far as I'm concerned the best brunch is at a place called "Home Made" in Red Hook (bklyn). Only open on weekends

http://homemadebklyn.com/home_made_bklyn/home_made_bklyn.html 




 Trke konuan bir Amerikan'm (Trkiye'de okudum). Yani tabii Trkiye hakknda ok eyler biliyorum, arkadalarm diyorlar ki onlardan ben stanbul'un sokaklar daha iyi biliyorum.  Tamam. . . Trkiye'yi dunuurken kafama ilk geldii ey. . . . .  knefe ;-p 




 What about "Cok Duydum" - I'm full! that's the most useful turkish phrase I know, although I'm also partial to "Dil dile deemeden dili renilmez"  




 couchsurfing.org! 




 Key tips from someone who has lived in Turkey...
* Do not stay in Sultanahmet, which is a giant theme park for tourists. Stay in Beyoglu. I've heard good things about the "World House" hostel and also "Neverland," which was the cheapest and attracted the most quirky and interesting guests at the time.
* the couch surfing network in Istanbul is great. Use it. At least goto a meet up  
* Your budget will be greatly reduced if you don't drink. Alcohol is heavily taxed and very expensive. 
* Immediately buy the "Istanbul Eats" book or visit their blog (same information). Use this and you won't have a bad meal. 
*Spend more time in Turkey\Istanbul than you think you'll want to. 
* From the airport you will save a lot of money if you take the "Hava" shuttle instead of a cab. Just make sure it's going to the right place (probably "Taksim")
* Goto the following neighborhoods: Taksim, Galata, Tnel, Cihangir, Balat\Fener, Kadky, Karaky, one of the islands if the weather is nice, perhaps Arnavutky or Rumeli Hsar\Saryer. 
* Save money by taking public transit. The bus system is great as are the trams, metro, ferries. The *Dolmu*es, a kind of shared taxi, will especially save you money and time
* Bargain 
* Try to go elsewhere in Turkey... Kapadokya. The Coast. If you are really intrepid and adventurous perhaps the South East. Skip Ankara.  




 college "circus" scenes are very different from professional circus and especially from studying clown.  




 Why, when you visited my highschool to read from your book several years ago, did you start the talk with degrading comments about the student body and then proceed to cross out lines from your book as you read it to us?  




 Brooklynite #2 here... "The Nelson Mandela" projects are a fictional name given to the Gowanus houses which are hardly "deep" in brooklyn (they are in cobble hill\Carroll gardens). 

There was a raid there though from your friends in the DEA... http://www.brownstoner.com/blog/2010/10/huge-drug-bust/ 




 head to jackson heights. best indian food in the city (--jackson diner) then check out the patel brothers supermarket 




 Twisted Soul? 









 1: Trke biliyor musun? 
2: What city do you teach in? Is it in the US (aka Paterson) or somewhere actually in Turkey? 
 




