 Yes? 




 I watched the entire video and there wasn't any mentions of road accidents or how they reached that number? 




  The Guardian collated all the deaths from all causes, including road accidents, diseases etc. and multiplied them to predict how many will die building the infastructure for the world cup.

Where do you see this? I'm looking at The Guardian's articles and I can't find road accidents, etc. taken into account? 









 Yup. Now imagine an entire country and its media with the same censorship mentality. Welcome to Sweden. Where any criticism of extreme left-wing politics will result in the media branding you a disgusting racist, where you'll receive death threats and be forced to stay quiet. This is a major reason why beggars and criminals from around the world come here. Because they know that our dear extreme left-wing population will do anything to protect these criminals human rights and silence anybody who is against these criminals. 




 The post was very clearly about the beggars that came to Sweden. It's a very relevant topic for Swedes which was apparent based on the number of upvotes it received. 




 Don't worry about it. Hey, guess what, my post just got removed as well.

You've just gotten a first-hand impression of the idiocy that is Swedish political correctness. Talk about immigrants? Censored! I come from immigrant parents, and even I'm not allowed to talk about immigration because it's apparently racist. Go figure! It's only going to be a matter of time now before I'll get banned from here. Watch as the mods will claim that this post very post is racist. Don't even bother with this subreddit. 




 THAT'S the reason why it got removed? Are you just being sarcastic?

I'm a 2nd generation immigrant and if anything, discussions like those are NEEDED to clear the air. Nobody was riling up against immigrants. People were only talking bad about the organized criminals. 




 Something fishy is going on here. Your post didn't seem to be breaking any rules yet it was removed. I'd be really cool if the mods would be transparent here and give us some sort of explanation.

Generally, if your post is removed on reddit, it still shows up for you, but for everybody else it becomes a [removed] and it disappears from the subreddit listing. 









 It's too late to save Sweden I'm afraid.

Sweden is more worried about [the portrayal of women in video games](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/11/20/the-insane-swedish-plan-to-rate-games-for-sexism.html) and [the lack of ethnic minorities in children's toy catalogues](http://www.metro.se/nyheter/morkhyade-barn-saknas-i-leksakskatalogerna/EVHnki!MCHp6rkn5uAK2/) and to [help ISIS-fighters get therapy and jobs once they return to Sweden](http://www.svt.se/nyheter/regionalt/orebro/kommun-hjalper-is-krigare), to be caring about the growing number of beggars and all the other bad things going on in society. 




 Fedt at de bare bliver lukket ind igen.... 




 What did Dan say about tumblrs in the beginning? 









 I know this is probably a silly question...

I'm a guy. I don't really go out much and I've never been into that whole selfie thing. So I only have two recent photos of me.

How do you feel about a guy with only 2 pictures in his profile? 




 Source: http://ekstrabladet.dk/nyheder/samfund/skole-tvang-muslimsk-elev-til-at-smage-svinekoed/5556877

An educational center for cooking in Holstebro in 2010 broke the equality law, when they insisted a muslim student should taste the pork that she prepared.

The court has come to the conclusion that the school must pay the student 40,000 kroners ($6,000) in compensation for lost education. She stopped at the school after she was told to taste the pork.

The 24 year old woman came to Denmark from Libya as an infant, and she is muslim.

When she started studying at the school to become a nutrition assistant, she knew that pork would be part of the foods in the curriculum, but at the school she was allowed to skip the pork.

In the summer of 2010 the administration for the education applied new rules which dictated that students must taste the food that they cooked.

When the student refused, she was summoned by the school to talk about the incident. Here she recorded the conversation.

During the conversation she was told that the teachers agreed that you must taste the food that you cook but that you don't have to swallow it.

Furthermore she was told that if she refused, it would have an impact on her education.

The day after, she stopped her education and filed a complain. She insisted that she was treated differently due to her religion.

The court agreed with her and ordered the school to pay her 75,000 kroners ($11,200) in compensation.

But the school defended itself by saying that the student was absent a lot of the times from her classes and that was another reason why she was summoned that day.

A higher court ruled that her absence from classes had no consequences for whether she was treated differently, and ruled that the compensation should be 40,000 kroners ($6,000) instead. 









 Because it took place in Sweden. 









 "I don't like your politics so I'm going to silence you"

Where do we see this kind of behavior now and in the past? 




 Godt s. Nste skridt er at forbyde anal sex da det ikke er godt for numsen og Dan kan ikke lide det, derfor skal ingen have anal sex i Danmark. 




 Cool. 




