 Thank You 




 Today in the NY Times: Was Mike Brown a patsy? Did he have ties to the Free Cuba Movement? 




 I don't care who endorses who. To me it's all about track record and what they can do for the county as a whole. Saying you don't like someone because of who endorses him is like saying you don't like the Cardinals because Jon Hamm is a fan. 




 Last I heard was this as well. 




 $56.72 









 Great bomb right there. 




 Same here. Thought it was my phone. 




 That's My Job by Conway

She Thinks His Name Was John by Reba 




 Hell we would have gotten bail together. 




 I didn't hear about Tusk until Clerks 3 was canned for the time being and that was 2-3 months ago. You'd think somebody would of thought to at least release a trailer or plug it someplace other than his podcast. Have a feeling that this is turning into Jersey Girls 2.0. 




 MY EARS!!! OH GOD MY EARS!!! 




 27, born   raised in the Midwest, and 95% of the people I know have kids and are or were married. 




 Just turned 27 Wednesday and this fits me perfectly. 




 These latest ones give me a chance to "practice" before the big one. Can't wait for the big one. 




 Tough - Justin McBride

Big Boot 




 Can your SS see what subs you are subscribed to or is it based all on your comments and post? 




 This makes me want to put batteries in the GPS and get back out there. 









 If soft scrub and a green pad isn't cutting it then it sounds like somebody shouldn't be touching the pans. 




 Thanks to the network the PPVs have turned into Sunday Night Raw unfortunately. 




 Love this song but hard to believe it's 23 years old. I feel old now. 




 Like I mentioned on FB for anyone who saw it, but signed up for Postcards and Trick R' Treat for my first EVER exchanges. So excited I can't wait. 




 I must find this store. 









 I usually cross the Lewis and Clark, take a left at 100, and take the river road through Grafton usually making Pierre Marquette the turn around point. 




 Can remember it like yesterday. Was listening to the scanner at the time they put a call out for a construction accident with person trapped. Next thing I know they disregarded the ambulance meaning he was already gone. Have to say Bob was one of a kind. Never got the chance to meet him but just by looking at what he has done you can see it. 




 Where was this when I was in meat class in Culinary School? Would have saved me a ton of wrong test answers. 




 Nope just saying he better look again because she's not only topless. 




 Topless huh? Yeeeeah ok. Hey OP you see that area below the tan line? Yeah that's where you came out. Sweet dreams! 




 Have had both and would take t-mobile over Sprint any day. Granted I did find some deadspots with T-Mobile. 




 Lived here all my life and have never heard this story so fill me in. 




 Only misdemeanors!?!? SMDH 




 Not the one I was thinking of but this works so much better. 




 Need that Picard pic STAT. 




 We had two of "that guy" in my neighborhood. One moved away 2-3 months ago and he was the street drunk. Everyday his wife would leave for work and he'd go up get himself a bottle and get shitface wasted. Had to call the cops on him a couple times because he'd want to fight after getting drunk.

Other one still lives next door and is a good guy in all but he's out there. When he's outside his voice carries where I'm sure you can hear him blocks away. 









 TL;DR if this was already posted:

http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/09/20/quiet-neighborhood-shaken-by-small-plane-crash/15977361/ 




 Funny part of this is you'd get the ticket and he'd drive away Scott free. 




 It's no different than what it is now. I mean someone can still raise a shitton of money, withdraw it, and go live it up. 




 Same 




 Would love to see these typed up and published. I'd buy on release day. 




 Basically a box to hide something. Back in the day they used to have bootleg cars that had secret compartments to hold moonshine. That way if the cops were to stop ya they wouldn't find it. This box here though could have been in a house where if it was raided by the police nothing will be found. 




 Looks like a bootleggers box made to look like an old radio. 




 I remember about 20 years ago when a local grocery chain added computer screens with gps to their carts. Now this was mid-90s so that was advanced for us. 




 Old Town Donuts?

Yeah the DD didn't last long at all. Went once and had such bad service I never went back. 




 Dave is that you? 









 Mine happened earlier this year, and it doesn't sound like that big of a thing but it was to me. I connected with a girl I know on a personal level. Basically we sat up and talked all night. 




 Oh god this screams PsBattle material. 




 What's scary about it? If you don't want the work done and know that it's BS just throw it away. 




 Yeah I don't think it's low blood sugar because after I sleep I wake up feeling just fine, and plus I can still function when this happens. 




 I like it. You have anymore you could post? 









 We need an AMA with your Aunt.

Edit: Just saw where one is being planned. 




 Pedobear Approves! 




 Wood chipper and pig farm nuff said. 









 This great news calls for this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ye8mB6VsUHw 




 Got one in my wallet right now. Had to ax over the app along with a copy of my culinary school idea. If you're not in school they require a business card. 




 Ahh let's present the evidence shall we: http://fox2now.com/2014/09/08/two-jefferson-county-construction-workers-describe-michael-brown-shooting/

"The two unidentified men, who were working for a Jefferson County construction company, watched Michael Brown die from half a football field away."

"The Fox 2 witness immediately wrote down what he saw.  He also drew a diagram showing him and his co-worker about 50 yards away."

Oh and here the unreliable witness kicker: "Both witnesses said they did not see the reported altercation at the police car, but looked up after hearing a shot or shots."

Also I've noticed that before the incident occurred your last post was 2 years ago but let this happen aka something that could build karma you're back and posting about it like crazy. All I can say to that is the bandwagon has left the station Bye Felicia. 




 You should cross post this in r/nottheonion. 




 Why post a link when you won't believe it. In a way you're just like me. What I mean is you believe what you believe is right and won't be turned any other way. 




 You do know that distance changed right? When it was first reported they said 50 yards away yet the next day it went down to 50 feet. Anyway I'm done talking about this because i got better shit to worry about than a black kid getting shot by a cop. It turns into the same old song and dance and the song keeps skipping. 




 Explain to me how in the hell the construction workers saw what happened when they stated themselves they were a half a football field away and only looked up after hearing the first shot. 




 That's Matt Foley's wife. She left the van down by the RIVER! 




 Looks like a test tube holder. 




 Because it took some of those 6 weeks or months to come forward. Enough time to make up something based on what the others are saying. 




 Sauce? 




 This IS a jury looking at every piece of evidence laid out before them in order to consider an indictment or not. This is not a fly by not thing that is going to be done in one day just because they have 6 wow 6! eyewitnesses that are not all that reliable. 




 That is no where enough evidence to indict somebody because it is not reliable and not the only evidence they have. They have to look at the actual autopsy reports not only the one the family ordered which IMO is unreliable because the Dr. performing it didn't have the x-rays or the clothing. Also they have to look at the self defense claim thoroughly and make sure it was actually self defense which looks to be the case. Like has been said before unless Ofc. Wilson is hung by the balls none of the protesters are going to be happy. 




 Loved your character in Waiting. Was that the role you tried out for to begin with or what they thought fit you best? 




 Well if that's enough evidence which it's not last time I checked toss everybody up and throw away the key cause I'm sure we've all done something where there were 6 and more eyewitnesses. It's why when I was going to school for Criminal Justice they taught me to separate the witnesses so they can't feed off of each other which seems to be what is happening here. 




 Yeah there might be 6 eyewitnesses BUT are they 6 reliable eyewitnesses? I could saw I was an eyewitness too by going by what others are saying. Doesn't necessarily mean that I was there. 




 Special Agent Orach Red here with Special Agent Sun Daisy 




 Comedy Forum in St. Charles still around or is that all Electric Cowboy? 




 Mainly depends on what area you're in. Since certain parts on St. Louis have unique delivery options. 




 Probably going to come up with another sob story just that in this one the grandmother died and they want to spread the ashes. 




 After reading the article and the comments here I just have to say this: The problem here in not McCullough it is the fact that the protestors want Ofc. Wilson hung by the balls to put it simply, and the protestors are feeling that with McCullough prosecuting the case he won't do that. I mean the Pope, Al Sharpton, Jesse Jackson, or Your own mother could be the prosecutor on this case and unless the balls are hung the people asking for McCullough's resignation still won't be happy. 




 Chef here too and the only thing I'd use that for is decoration. 




 I see Wayne Brady skinned Blue. 




 I'm saying with fall coming early we're going to get hit with winter early as well. 




 Well no wonder it's hard  read and at the bottom where if people found what they wanted higher up they're not going down that far. 














 Ahh the fat coconut eater. He has had some good matches in the past but the last year or two its been ehh. 














 LET HIM OUT! 




 Hooters 




 Where did you find that at? 




 Until you get rid of the people running that town i.e. the Mayor and Police Chief it's going turn into that saying You can polish a turd and it's still a turd. 




 Ditto. Birthday is a week from Wednesday and was thinking Fast Eddies for lunch but this place needs the business. 




 Give that server the middle finger from me for even taking that order. 




 Sauce? 




 It's not in the tread.
Not in the tread?
Not in the tread they said.
So brush your teeth and go to bed.
If your Mother find you, you'll end up dead.
Cause it's not in the tread they saaaaaid. 




 Oh come on just roll with it. 






















































 Does anyone know of a bar here in St. Louis that'll be showing the PPV season opener? 




