 Yes, this is it! Thank you so much! I've been searching for this forever! 




 Sorry, not those either. 




 Hmm... That's not it, and I don't think either of those bands would play it. Thanks though! Found some nice new music! 




 I've only heard the song I'm looking for twice. Both times it was played on a radio station that plays bands like: AC/DC, Led Zeppelin, The Beatles, The Allman Brothers, Lynyrd Skynyrd and other bands, mostly from the 70's and 80's. I think it has piano, drums, bass, vocals and flute for most of it. Just one man is singing. I can't remember any of the lyrics to it. Please let me know if there is anything else that would help!


Edit: It's not a rock song at all. It sounds like it should be on an easy listening station or something like that

Edit 2: I took a look at some more Jethro Tull songs and the one I'm looking for sounds a lot like Jethro Tull's [Serenade To A Cuckoo cover](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zh4GZJlQCfY) except with a singer and more upbeat. 




 How did you come up with the name "B Story"? 




 Hi Julian! When did you start making videos on a professional level? Are there older videos that no one has ever seen? 




 No, you just didn't know. :) 




 Hello! What is your favorite band? I'm curious to know where you get your musical influence from (if any). 




 Hello Julian! How long was the filming for the Back Then music video? 




 Sadly she has passed away. :( 




 Hi Julian. I just wanted to say that when I  watched the Back Then music video, you blew me away with it. I think you have really reached a new level in your filmmaking. I hope you get to where you want to go soon, be it Hollywood, or just the rest of the internet. 




 Mac or PC? 




 The Beatles. Yes or no? 




 Very nice! 




 I hate when there is an amazing AmA and get there after it's over.(?) 




 Today: I Went to the library, got two boxes of candy as a present and had ratatouille for dinner.

BEST BIRTHDAY EVER!  




 If it were possible, would you ever want to cook in space for the astronauts on the ISS? 




 This has been bugging me for ages...
What is nougat made of!?  




 Do you think onions should be genetically altered to make people laugh instead of cry? 




 If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life what would it be? 




 Thanks for doing an AMA Alton! 
My question is: What's your take on locavores ? 




 Hello Alton! I am wondering when you knew that cooking was your definite career choice. 




