 Thanks -"pre-sliced bread emoji" 




 Google... :( 




 You serious? Man I kinda want bread delivered to me too! 




 True, but mean something like the sizes or quantity of your diet; if that reflects your personality? 









 Many ppls say that 60fps does not work on ie11. It might not work on ie11 on windows 7 but it surely works on windows 8.1 .8.1.1. In fact ie11 on window 8.1 I more graphics efficient than chrome. I use ie as my main browser and have only needed to use chrome once. (to watch anime.. animebaka.tv) ie does not support certain html formats. I only use chrome for one website though... anyways ie is faster on my PC. Opening and running sites 




 I'm not from the U.S, but I think that there are too many sub-cultures in the U.S. (Reagarding the way they treat eachother). Like with most other big countries. Certain States should split and create some sort of sub-U.S 




 'Cause they are afraid of all kinds off insects. And if they see one they want to get the f*uck out 




 Well, I define normal as just regualr ppls. Like people whose jobs don't involve using a PC so much as e.g. Photographers, Music Producers etc.. Or just school kids w/o ambitions regarding Technology... 




 i have f.lux too.  used to have rainmeter. But it cluttered my tiny notebook screen so i uninstalled it. I have Rocketdock though 




 Well, I'm kinda a 'jack of all trades - geek'. I just want to learn EVERYTHING. So I've got Photoshop, FL Studio, iTunes, Rocketdock and a bunch of hardcore Windows and Android Customization Software(I hardly use anymore) on my PC. My question is... what do you "normal" dudes and dudettes use on your PCs 









 Well, I'm kinda a 'jack of all trades - geek'. I just want to learn EVERYTHING. So I've got Photoshop, FL Studio, iTunes and a bunch of Windows and Android Customization Software(I hardly use anymore) on my PC. My question is... what do you "normal" dudes and dudettes use on your PCs 














 Do you fart on set? Plz say yes.  And this is indeed not a dumb but a stupid question.  




