 DO NOT DARE INSULT HER CROWN OF DICK 




 So...spread it like butta isn't the appropriate response then. Got it. 




 FOLLOW THE YELLOW BRICK ROAD 




 NOW GO TO HER - EARN YOUR NAME SON 




 I believe it's: "Why can't sheeple see THE GOVERNMENT IS EVIL!"

Then the next day: "Why can't sheeple see that ONLY GOVERNMENT NEEDS POWERFUL GUNS!"

It's pretty sad, actually. 














 YOU CLEARLY LACK HIS HOLY NIGGERNESS IN YOUR HEART. OPEN UP AND LET HIM EJACULATE HIS GLORY INSIDE OF YOU. 




 YOU HAVE TO LET HIM REACH IN, GET ELBOW DEEP AND TOUCH YOU WAY INSIDE YOUR RECTUM OF FAITH. 




 Yeah BRO whats up with that BROSEF?? 














 SARAH JESSICA PARKER MADE MY SPACEDICK THROW UP 




 1,456. 




 Home Alone did it first. 




 Retarded people that create retarded children. 




 Retardation runs deep in this family... 




 Castrate? I think they meant to sew his vagina shut... 




 He is gay? 




 Also, did you know suicide is actually pleasurable according to Faygo University studies? 




 Jerking it on my couch just got a little bit sexier... 




 "You sir are clearly a man of less than savory character and I would venture to guess that your parents would not be pleased with these shenanigans were they to hear of them." 




 Simple, subtle, mild. And very likely true. Got my vote. 




 There's a 'Psycho' joke in here somewhere but I can't find it. I need coffee. 




 Gloryholes. Definitely gloryholes. 




 NOT EVEN TRYING ANYMORE 





























 I wrote my ex wifes employer and mailed them copies of all the emails she was exchanging with her 20+ year older boss, who she was also having sex with in his office. 

My only regret is Facebook didn't exist at the time so I couldn't show them to everybody, they were pretty damn funny. I remember one line "I miss your love box". I am not kidding. 




 In hindsight, what do you feel now about it? Are you better off? Do you wish you could undo it? Do you wish you could have done more? 




 'Cardiac arrest' is to 'stroke' what 'Kim Kardashian' is to 'deserves to live'. 




 Passing through the bricks over the pipe at the end of level 1-2 and walking through the wall in Super Mario Bros takes you to a bullshit never ending water death trap built by masochistic assholes. 














 The police were laughing at you getting hit. Not you hitting the hood of the car. What you saw: "Decked out in awesome threads". What they saw: "Drugged out metalhead jumped into traffic". 




 So you found a poster in Germany but decided to post a tiny shit res picture instead....

lrn2 pictures with phones 




 THIS COLLECTION SUCKS DICK. THIS IS GAYER THAN TWO MEN FUCKING EACHOTHERS ASSHOLES WITH SHIT COVERED DICKS WHILE STREAMING VIDEO OF IT ON LOOKHOWGAYWEARE.COM 




 I've seen video of victims falling from the burning towers on 9/11 that was funnier than this. 














 I bet he put it in her butt. 




 Newsflash: white trash hick can't let go of his past.  




 Israel opts to keep him. He isn't leading them anywhere they don't want to go. 

And they call us 'cattle'.... 




 I don't believe anything can make Somalia worse... 




 The name is so gay I will never click it.  





























 Let me guess, you were voted "Most likely to get a joke" in high school, weren't you?

You have a gift, sir. You have a genuine gift. 




 I like this one. It has a more educated ring to it. "Excuse me gentlemen, while I appreciate the plethora of penii, I must ask you to form a single-file line for the sake of order." 

Definitely going with that one. 




 Responding to a post, I stumbled upon this age-old issue. Penis's, penises, penii? What do you use when you're discussing multiple male genitalia? 




 LPSG.com.

It's a support group for men suffering from the affliction of large penis's. Penises? Penii? 

Large Penis Support Group. 




 Secret conservative hot gay man/meth sex exposed in the media is honestly the best. 



















 giving US citizens a trial before imprisoning them indefinitely or targeting them in drone strikes is important. Stopping the war against drug users and reducing the burden on our law enforcement and our prison systems is important.  









 Just like those socialist nurse unions...everyone hates them until they need them. 




 This story disturbs me. It's like something out of a weird dark comedy...still not sure if serious. 









 I'm willing to bet every person bitching about Red Cross response has never donated money nor blood to them. 









 Was that wrong? Should I not have done that? I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to plead ignorance on this thing, because if I had known that sort of thing was frowned upon... 









 I'd dress her in a Smurfette costume, paint her blue and live out my longest fantasy. 









 Hey thanks! We are just visiting, our first concert was a musician who is playing there later this month, we're driving in from DC area. Our place took some damage but nothing compared to the people up north. Thanks though! 




 Ha! That's funny because dead people and flooding, I get it. 




 Going to the club le poisson rouge in Greenwich Village later this month for our anniversary, would like a hotel in the vicinityof the club. I've never been to this area before and it's my fiancees first time in NYC at all (moved here from Europe a few years ago).

I'd like to give her a great NYC experience for her first time, so looking for smaller non-chain hotel and restaurant suggestions while we're in town (two days). 

Any advice welcome, thank you!

 




 Depending on the state, you can actually sue them for this. Alternatively, wait until they leave their place, then force your way in and sit on their couch naked until they get home. Ask them "How does it feel" then walk out. 









 Yeah, I worked for a government military agency for years and...it was awful. I just pretended. "Yeah guys, can you believe he didn't get that 3 yard down from the field goal line". Then everyone stares, assumes I'm kidding and keeps going. 

It's tough lol 




 Thought others may be interested in the benefit show coming up 11/15 at (le) poisson rouge in NYC for  "the peoples bailout". Hosts include Janeane Garofalo and Lizz Winstead with a great collaborative lineup. 

Thought I'd pass it on! 









 Exactly 




 This is my take on it currently. I am not sure why anyone would use read receipts dealing with someone 1:1 regularly unless they are being prickish though. 




 A recent debate between myself and some coworkers got me thinking - is it rude to request a read receipt in Outlook? On one hand, a receipt allows you to be thorough when dealing with a given issue but on the other hand it can convey that you don't trust someone is going to read the email in a timely manner.

Interested in the opinions of others on this. 




 "Be careful of the curse that falls on your lovers". Rings true every time. 




 I have no idea how football works. At all. 




 Poppycock. 




 Be lucky someone is helping you and stop bitching about it. 
























 There are no keys on my keyboard that can replicate the sound that I just made. 




 OK, this has potential too. Checking Netflix. 




 This was on television just a day or two ago. I watched about three minutes of it and have to agree that it was pretty damn bad, but it lacked that "oomph" that made me both awe-struck and sick to my stomach and that's what I'm hoping I can find... 




 WTF am i reading.jpg 




 But it really isn't. It's bad, but it isn't even 'Jersey Girl' bad. It just sucks in a mediocre way. 




 Believe it or not I have, but it was such an old film they had no idea what they were doing - I have to kind of forgive it for its ignorance... 




 This has potential. I have not seen this but am hunting the DVD right now. 




 I have seen 'The Room'. I have seen 'Troll 2'. I have even seen a Madea film. I do not believe these are the worst. I am looking for a movie that meets the following criteria: It is awful in acting, production, script and effects but DOES NOT KNOW IT. A movie that actually tries to be good and fails in every way.

Please help me find this holy grail. I know it is out there, waiting for me to hate it. 




 I bet Mandle was Michael Jacksons user name online. 




 It's not Fark. That's enough for me. 




 I hope you get gangraped by Ugandan chimpanzees and catch Michael BAIDS 














 I have never interviewed someone and considered their major. A BS is a BS. Apply for what you want, just be willing to start low and be prepared to work your way up. Good luck. 




 I told Michael Jackson that Propofol is pretty cool and told him to think about trying it. 




 I prefer to call them fondletops. It makes owning one feel dirty and illegal. 




 I'm going for a Surface, but not suggesting it until I have time to really use it. 




 It's the PBR tallboys talking. I heard he is a good guy when he's not drunk looking to start a fight at Dave and Busters. 




 Because Israel tells us to. 




 I just all over myself. 




 Jigglypuff. I have insomnia. 









 Those victims would all be too old for him now, I'd think. 









 I larfed 














