 What are you on about? 




 Tokido is a solid pick. I don't why people only praise for his technical side (vortex and set-plays). His ground game since Ultra has levelled up a ton and it's a testament to his skill as a player that he had to reinvent himself in the way he plays Akuma to succeed in this iteration. 

I doubt EX Pugera will do as well as he did last year (9th place). Ibuki might seem top 5 on paper, but in tournaments, his character gets exposed by her bad matchups a little too much.

RB is an inspiring choice. Hope you're right!

Momochi is a straightforward pick. No complaints

Dieminion is also another good pick since he has a decent track record against the asian killers. Although I vouch Nuckle Du to do better since he has the edge of having multiple characters up in his sleeve.

I can't comment on valmaster since I don't know him very much. I do know he's probably the best chun in the world; on par with Vivi if not better.

Fuudo to me has stagnated. At this point, his character feels too linear and already figured out to really make a dent in the tourney. He will remain a solid, workhorse at the Top 16 spot.

No complaints about Xian as well although his myriad amount of pocket characters will serve him well in pools and semis.  




 Ryan Hart uses Ryu, Yun, Decapre, Abel. What do u expect? He's given up being a Sagat specialist. 

He's no Bonchan. He's not even on Gachikun and Santarou Man level in terms of Sagat play.

He's probably on par with Sanford Kelly though. hehehe.... 




 1. AVM Gamerbee (Adon, Elena, Yun)
2. Kazunoko (Yun)
3. MCZ Daigo Umehara (Evil Ryu, Ryu)
4. PIE Smug (Dudley)
5. EG Momochi (Ken)
5. MCZ Mago (Yang)
7. BT Nemo (Rolento) 
7. FA Ryan Hart (Decapre, Ryu, Sagat, Yun) 




 Dashio is Daigo's favourite player to watch fyi 




 He is a very underrated player (along with Gackt) since he doesn't enter tournaments that much. He's still probably the best Sakura player for the last 3 years. Only other people that come close are Uryo (when he still mained her as a specialist) and Juso. 

 




 Eita has better reactions and better anti-airs than Tokido. He is also better at the akuma mirror when these two play.

But, yes he does play very "freestyle" like. He still plays very technical (vortex heavy) like Tokido and -6 (he now plays Poison) though.  




 So was this a casual match/exhibition or tournament?  




 I just realised Poongko and Fuudo are going to meet really early in QF Pool from Pool D5 and D6 respectively. 

http://evo2015.s3.amazonaws.com/brackets/ssf4_d5.html
http://evo2015.s3.amazonaws.com/brackets/ssf4_d6.html

Could be very interesting! 




