 Be nice to have another post on how to get a project licence and an institutional licence. 









 Should say, the post was written by a PhD student from Imperial University London 









 Many of these animals that PETA picks up don't get to the shelter. Around 1% of the animals are adopted ... most shelters have much better rates than this 




 They were doing this at the same time as protesting the death of one cat

http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/02/08/a-lesson-in-hypocrisy-as-peta-cries-foul-over-one-cats-death-while-secretly-killing-hundreds-more/ 




 They were doing this at the same time as protesting the death of a cat

http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/02/08/a-lesson-in-hypocrisy-as-peta-cries-foul-over-one-cats-death-while-secretly-killing-hundreds-more/ 




 Fair play - how come you don't agree with IVF 









 good news - the US seems to be folowing the UK in phasing out chimp research 









 Someone (same person?) did one on vaccines a while back 









 Absolute gold. I'll get out the bollinger 




 SR has a couple of goals. Standing up against illegal extremism (which represents only a very tiny minority of the AR movement - but one with a disproportional voice) and standing up against misinformation. The second action IS needed, as there is much distortion of the science. 

The slow down in medicine is happening. Only a few airlines will continue to transport primates - used for vital medical research (and only where other animals would not be suitable). This prevents some research going on, and raises the cost of research - reducing the amount of it.
Activists broke into Marshall breeding facility and took the animals. Raising the cost of research, reducing it.
Activists are protesting the movement of the AZ dogs - if they managed, AZ would simply end up breeding more, and having to put them through the same processes - this does not make "better" research, or "better" animal welfare.

Now, we need to be sure not to underestimate the importance of animal welfare. There are many working towards this. Some push is from the AR movement, some from the animal welfare movements (e.g. RSPCA), most is from the animal welfare officers within the labs. I had the job of looking round a lab the other day, and you should see the pride from the NACWO (Named animal care and welfare officer) of the primate lab discuss all the systems he has in place. The importance of diet, group housing, horizontal bars and viewing platforms in the enclosures, and mostly good training of the animals to reduce their environmental and handling stresses. 




 Brandon, thank you for your reply.

We are indeed all on the same side in both wishing for further medical advances and wishing for the continued development of alternative methods. The 3Rs, developed by two scientists in the 50s, have been the cornerstone of animal welfare - aiming for the refinement, replacement and reduction of animal research (something we should all agree on).
There are some promising technologies in the pipeline that should replace some bits of animal research (lung-on-a-chip is a more recent one), however there is no sign of technologies that can replace all of animal use for medical research, nor is there a sign that new areas won't continue to be developed with a need for animal use.

This link was aimed at informing people on both sides (it was also posted elsewhere) as to how projects are taken from being an idea to a study.

You are right when you say scientifically minded people should go with the best results, and then add a healthy dose of leaning against animal use. However, you cannot get a project approved if there are alternative methods available. In the UK that is checked by the Home Office, in the US it is checked by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee. 




 There is a lot of work in labs aimed at ensuring animal welfare remains high. 




 Would have thought deep brain stimulation would have said it all:
http://pro-test.org.uk/facts.php?lt=aa 









 It's essentially a trailer for an episode of BBC dispatches. There will be more footage on that. 









 You don't need to convince me off UKIP - I would never vote for them. Nonetheless, I agree with the workfare program - we have a terrible prison system with ridiculously high reoffending rates - something has to change. Japan probably moves too far away from human rights in its prison system (e.g. no conjugal visits destroys families), but there must be lessons we can learn from them.

Scrapping CPS, human rights etc - that's terrifying and one of the many reasons I would not vote UKIP. 




 I hasten to add that I am not a fan of UKIP, but I feel what was written above on prisons wasn't telling the whole story 




 With regards to inmates doing physical work, I don't think they have prison labour for military efforts in mind.
I'm not sure whether I agree with it, but Japan has very strict prisons, all inmates must work long days, and more importantly they have very, very low reoffending rates.
http://www.economist.com/news/asia/21572257-even-japanese-criminals-are-orderly-and-well-behaved-eastern-porridge 




 Good point 














 I confess under normal circumstances I loathe to link to the Mail. It's not high quality science writing, but the article was interesting and reasonably well explained and I've provided the original paper below for people's perusal. 




 For those who are asking for it - here is the original paper:
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22654062 




 What the hell?!

1. Lib Dems are not a minority party (smallest of the 3 major parties)
2. The major vote wasn't split between Tories and Labour, Labour got almost no vote
3. If there was a straight run off between Tories and Lib Dems, the Lib Dems would have won it- they have much more support in the area 




 Good question - I guess the next stage of trials will work that out. 




 The veterinarian has rehomed the breeding dogs. The rest would not be suitable for rehoming on the decision of the vet.

It would also mean the same beagles would just have to be bred again in the UK - which is against the idea of reduction of animal research. 














 Would you rather own bank or charing cross branch? 
























 hopefully 









 Government's still borrow when in surplus if cheap credit is available. Also, money comes at certain points in the year (when taxes are due) so they often borrow at one point in the year and repay later on. 




 There are two potential risks (I won't say they will or won't happen because economics is unpredictably complex much of the time).

- Firstly, a fast rise in government spending involves the government borrowing from abroad and from markets. Essentially this can absorb all the available cheap credit which really need to go to firms - so firms have little money to invest. This is called "crowding out" of investment.

- Secondly, deficit's must have a credible repayment plan. If you don't then the markets lose  faith and your borrowing rates skyrocket - this results in huge chunks of money going into repayment each year. This is what happened to Greece and Italy last year (and almost France). Compared with the UK, which in its tight-fisted austerity, maintained market trust for repayment, so credit remained cheap. This credibility not only affects governments, but can have a knock on effect to bank and company borrowing. 




 You should absolutely take account of the authors interest, but unless you can criticise what he says, that's not enough to dismiss it. 

The author accepts the findings of the original paper, but suggests that the NYT article overstates what is contained in the sources. 




 BUAV argue the government promised to reduce animal research - what was meant was within the principle of the 3Rs.

There has been huge increases in expenditure on alternatives - most obviously seen by the fact that money into biomedicine has gone much much faster than the use of animals (thus most money is going into non-animal methods). 




 Yup! 




 Also worth noting that arbitrary reduction of animal research across the board (rather than individual experiments) is that it just pushes it overseas 









 Little bit sweeping. Some vegans (at best - most seem to just prefer to say companion animal and then treat them like a pet). 

Anyhow, you're dodging the question. Let me go another way - Do you get rid of a threadworm infection? 




 It's important not to exagerrate what the original paper actually says (which the NYT headline does) - see a rebuttal here: http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/02/15/why-mice-may-succeed-in-research-when-a-single-mouse-falls-short/ 




 It's important not to exaggerate what the original paper actually says (which the NYT headline does) - see a rebuttal here: http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/02/15/why-mice-may-succeed-in-research-when-a-single-mouse-falls-short/ 




 Nature had an article today about the use of GM mice:
http://www.nature.com/news/proteins-behind-mad-cow-disease-also-help-brain-to-develop-1.12428 




 Here is a link to the original NYT article:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/02/12/science/testing-of-some-deadly-diseases-on-mice-mislead-report-says.html 









 You can catch it from your dog - so the hypothetical remains 




 WHat do you do if you get a tapeworm?  




 Fortunately cosmetic testing is banned in the UK 









 Full original paper:
http://diabetes.diabetesjournals.org/content/55/6/1546.long
(sourced in text as well) 









 Zeus wants him dead - we all saw the thunderbolt 




 The USDA inspected the facility and found no wrong doing 




 I never thought that an English breakfast might not translate 




 That film is 30 years old... 









 I thought that was people using apple headphones... 




 I understand that, but sometimes it seems a little "tacked on". The "it's unethical, and even if it was ethical it doesn't work".

However, the scientific arguments against animal research just don't seem to add up - as many of the debunked articles in the link above 




 Hmmm, seems like the counter to the "33 facts of vivisection" ... still a few more to debunk 




 Then this discussion should hold no interest for you. Prof. Lovell-Badge's article was meant to dispute those activists who were misusing that statistic for their own argument. You were not.  




 It's a scary world when activists can hold medicine to ransom. 




 In Full: bacon, sausages, bakes beans (with mini sausages in), mushrooms, cheese and scrambled eggs 









 all drugs must be tested on animals - so difficult to find 




 They use the first argument a lot - the statistic is often quoted as "92%". The latter stat could never be tested, it would be unethical to give a treatment which killed animals to humans. 




 The UK has had a ban for years, Europe has just fallen suit. Hopefully the US will settle on a set of alternative tests that will satisfy regulators (they are getting there). It does make it difficult to use novel chemicals in new cosmetics, but honestly, we don't need new lipsticks at the cost of animals. 

I support animal research for medicine, but I'm all for dumping both cosmetic testing and the LD50 tests (who cares about the dosage that kills 50% of mice - The LD10 would show a dosage that's too high). 




 no data - it would unethical to move forward a drug shown to be dangerous in animals 




 read the post - the 9/10 refers to a specific "fact" 




 To my mind negative rights always entail a duty. My right to life entails a duty not to kill, and so does yours - the result is that neither of us kills one another. When it comes to those who can't think for themselves, such as babies, society deems it right to extend that right as they have the potential to fulfill their duty later on. Similarly, those in a vegatative state have a potential to get better. 

An animal will never be able to understand the duties entailed by their rights. 




 cosmetic testing is banned in the UK - which is a good thing 




 Of which 17% turn out to be precisely true upon review 




 The TGN1412 disaster has been the only situation where anyone has even nearly died in Stage I clinical trials that I can name. 




 dfgb - go and google "Drug Monkey" and "anti-vaccination" and you will have all the science debunking your claims written clearly and scientifically. 









 Ah, in the situation of rights-duties, the word "duty" has a rather grander meaning than in casual conversations. 




 A human cannot appeal to its rights when dealing with another animals - the other animal doesn't understand. Rights exist to mediate human-to-human interaction - it is meaningless across species.

Rights are an expansion of the golden rule - if you don't do this to me, I won't do it to you.  




 It's amazing seeing the improvements in mouse models in the field of neuroscience 




 Children DO have a right to education, thus the state has a DUTY to provide it.

Responsibility is an alternative to rights. So a painting of the Mona Lisa has, itself, no rights - nonetheless society deems we have responsibility to look after it. 









 I disagree, it is there to mock this idea that animal research is some terrible cruelty when the reality is that it is tightly regulated and far more humane than anything that goes on in nature.

If it is about how we expect humans to act towards animals then it is a responsibility not a right - rights entail duties which an animal cannot carry out. 




 Is there a shorthand for saying that? Do I use [OC]? Still new to Reddit 









 I suppose that's a small advantage to this mass bird-kill 









 Thanks for the support - it's great to see scientists, veterinarians and technicians start to speak up on this complex issue. 




 You'll note that deaths in Stage I clinical trials are almost unheard of. Certainly no deaths in the UK for the past 30 years and only one major incident (TGN1412). So animal research remains a crucial step to protecting people.

Secondly, most animal research is not for testing drugs, it is for developing drugs and in that stage it is crucial. You can't cut up a human to see how a disease is spreading or how it works. How would you get a breakthrough medicine like the HPV vaccine (against cervical cancer) which is originally a mouse protein - without the use of animals? 



















 Why? It's a fun way of looking at the scientific debunking of many animal rights claims 




 i see it 




