 Mmmbop - Hanson 




 You're not really from London, are you? 




 [This music](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQnNH7I07RY) 




 My tutor told us about a student that got caught plagiarising in her dissertation and in the plagiarism hearing yelled "I paid 300 for that - I should at least get a 2:1". 

She did not get a 2:1. 














 I'm going to have the music stuck in my head for the rest of the day now 




 People who declare some cool new tech will never work because of some political or cultural quirk that is unique to the US - there are other places in the world! 




 If something bad happens to me, it is likely to in some way be my fault 









 It always surprises me that this annoys people so much - it just seems like the polite thing to do.  
































































 It is, although mainly because you can't forget to take it. I have one and it is really great, although a bit weird to feel in your arm 




 The article says "will be" - I assume they wrote this from a press release put out ahead of the presentation  




















































































 [Link to the NPR interview](http://hereandnow.wbur.org/2014/08/14/nasa-future-bolden) in case anyone is interested 




 Planetary Resources is [actually hiring](http://www.planetaryresources.com/careers/). 












































 Please update us after - interested in seeing how this plays out! 



















 The cynic in me wonders if part of it is that robots don't need tips, which I can see being highly popular with some customers. 
Plus, novelty value - any hotel staffed by robots is going to attract a lot of interest! 



















 Typical! Thanks for the heads up, I will take this down 




 Not anymore - Siri no longer recommends locations, possibly because of this case 




 Wouldn't developing food solutions for space will benefit other missions too? What about when we want to take a journey that is a lot longer than 50 years? Or if we want to develop some form of colony or base? 
Surely it would be better to be able to create new food? 




 Ah I see! Thanks for the explanation 




 Apologies if I am misunderstanding, but surely the food wouldn't survive in that growing environment?  




 How exactly would that help anything? 




 What made you decide to make the transition from computer scientist to futurist, and how did you go about it? 




 Ten years from now, how different do you expect our daily lives to be from today? 




 Probably because old people would go on mad spending binges before they died, rendering the whole exercise pointless. 
 




 You'd probably feel differently if you or your friends or family were the ones infected 




 I wish we'd had this class when I was in school 




 Are you addressing this to me? Or in general?  
I shared the article because I thought it was an interesting perspective rather than disliking religion's role.
I suspect that religion will recede due to people's lack of need for it, but I don't have a dislike of it in this context 




 At least he hasn't started blaming the Illuminati. 




 I'm not so sure - for very large items (for example wind turbines) I can see the benefit, and I do wonder why companies would still be pursuing this if there was no benefit to it at all. 
I hope we see a time when airships are used (plus they'd remind me of the Twains from Terry Pratchett and Stephen Baxter's Long Earth series!) 




 I would argue that living longer lives isn't a true endgoal because it doesn't have a defined target - once we all feel like 50 when we're 100 we'll only be looking to the next horizon.  




 I'm not sure myself - does anyone know about this? Although obviously there are a lot of landlocked areas where shipping won't be much help. 




 It's the title of the article - not my title 




 They have the machines to buy tickets by a lot of the bus stops on the route too 




 Interesting to see that [BT is blocking Reddit](https://www.blocked.org.uk/results?url=http://www.reddit.com) 




 Why would higher speeds not be possible with a hanging rail design?  




 This is a fascinating story, and a pretty good insight into the practices of early archaeologists - amazing this stuff wasn't found earlier! 




 No one game - just the fact that every game previewed looked awesome, even the (very few) that wouldn't normally be my thing. I'd been thinking about if for a long time, but that was when I realised I had to go for it.  




 Thank you for doing the AMA.

What do you think the state of privacy and freedom of information will be a decade from now? Do you think Wikileaks will have an impact on future policy in this area? 




 Being immune to pathogens and diseases doesn't automatically make you physically attractive - unless there is some element of this that I have missed? 




 Not if they were a complete dick 




 I quite agree - I didn't mean that it was a reason not to do this, just that achieving 'perfect' babies was a different thing to making them healthy. I think its an excellent idea, and I hope it becomes a reality as quickly as the article says.  




 Is there not a difference between 'perfect' and not carrying a disease? I took it to mean aesthetic features such as hair/eye colour etc. 




 Here in the UK courses like these are starting to popup for various industries, mainly in tech. From what I hear they are doing a far better job of preparing people for employment than traditional degrees.  




 As a general rule, if an article leads with a question the answer will be no. 




 What about the cost argument? Meat could get too expensive to eat on a daily basis - would you consider bugs then? 




 These guys seem to have quite a selection: http://www.thailandunique.com/ I haven't used them myself but I've tried the candy they carry before and was quite impressed. 




 The two aren't mutually exclusive, surely? 




 You just blew my mind.  




 Really can't decide if this would be a good thing or not - it might make football a bit sterile. What do people think? 




 Fair point, although I live in London and given house prices here are approaching a million quid for anything larger than a shoebox in a lot of boroughs I might end up being in the position where space-saving furniture was a still better option financially 




 What about being able to quickly rearrange the room for exercise or a party and then putting it back just by pressing a button? I live in a small flat and this would be a big plus for me 




 perhaps we could even have a robot robo chair technician? 




 It's called a joke. And you might want to calm down before you pop an artery. 
To return to the intellectual side of this, yes I know the sun does it, but I was referring to human-made technology. It's never been achieved by humans, and given that we can't just recreate the sun there is no way yet to be certain it will definitely be achieved, particularly if it gets superseded by another technology that is cheaper to create.  




 Others may be able to shed more light on this, but I believe in US business this is known as a Chinese Wall, where information is prevented from moving between parts of the business to prevent conflicts of interest. I gather it is very common among big businesses, although how normal it is outside of the US I don't know.  




 Methinks you may have misunderstood my point. Keep working on that intellectual insight, sweetheart. 




 What exactly is a grey ceiling tile supposed to contribute to this discussion? 




 You're putting a lot of faith in a technology that has never actually generated more energy than it takes to run it 




 a projection is not the same as a projector. 




 Yeah my bad - missed this when it was first announced 




 I don't know, they seem to have a lot more information on their website than classic vapourware  




 This is the shortlist (from the last paragraph of the article): Colombia, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Ghana, Guatemala, Guyana, Honduras, Hong Kong, Maldives, Montenegro, Mozambique, Nicaragua, Norfolk Islands, Palau, Panama, Senegal, Sierre Leone, Singapore, Suriname and Vanuatu 




 Thanks for doing the AMA guys, very much appreciated. 

My question is, do you see humanity going extinct in the future? If so when and from what cause? 




 I agree - I heard a rumour they were going into wearable tech, and I cannot see that ending well 




 My additions to that would be:

1. Make sure people know you've released a new console, not just a new controller
2. Release more games 




 Judging by the stage the tech mentioned in the article is at, we're likely to be looking at 5 years minimum 




 Beyond Good and Evil (gamecube, HD version for PS3) uses a camera heavily for gameplay, although you are mainly photographing animals/revolutionary occurrences - it makes for a pretty awesome gameplay mechanic :) 




 Might be partly to do with the UK bank holiday - I didn't realise this was already out 




 Report came out today 




 I want your brother's job! 




 I think it depends on the size of the community there and what kinds of policies you are talking about - outside organizations and earth-based politicians are only going to affect some issues, so even if they are technically in control, a lot of issues are still going to be decided internally.  




 My pleasure! There's something so cool about old maps 




 Interesting technology - if this got going I think there might be an initial tree loss but I guess we'd see more being planted as the technology became commercialised 




 mmm tasty 




 Would they not be flying quite a bit lower than commercial jets? I have to admit I'm no expert on airspace, but I assume that if they are able to land on buildings they will be a long way off the airspace jets will be in 




 What makes you so sure? 




 I wouldn't regard an obese person to be inherently unhealthy, only if they were sick or their size appeared to be affecting their health (eg their breathing). When my SO has no symptoms I would regard him to be healthier than an obese person, but not so much when he is sick 




 Medical treatments with stem cells - it will have a radical impact on the way diseases etc are treated 




 They're good in smoothies 




 Looks like a video game mirror 




 Invasive surgery 




 Yeah exactly that - when he has no symptoms he seems as healthy as the next person despite having a chronic condition 




 I'm sure there is a more precise medical definition, but I would consider people with disabilities to be healthy on the basis that they are not suffering from something that is affecting their immune system.
Similarly, my SO has crohn's disease, which is a chronic autoimmune disease, but I consider him healthy when he has no symptoms. 




 I agree! Some people I know who say its rubbish haven't even used it. 




 Might be time to invest in a USB extension cable 




 Salt, pepper and a decent range of herbs and spices - helps improve cheap food no end!  




 Fair point. 




 Mine actually sticks out of my bag (although I do have a small bag) when I take it to work. 
I think it could make much larger screens more portable, though, so that would be cool 




 That actually sounds pretty interesting too 




 Some very cool stuff here, but wouldn't all of this put farm workers out of business? 




 Personally I think the optical networks-on-chip for future multicore computer systems one would be the most interesting in terms of potential for cool findings and similar.
I was not clear on what the Vellum project was - could you please elaborate? 




 I have had the same experience, but I don't think it's on the same scale. So many people stuck with XP that they never got to 7 to then respond that way to it. 
I think a bigger part of it is that XP is what was out when many people finally got on board with the idea of computers - that OS is literally all they've known and all they are prepared to cope with. 
 




 I'd agree with this - my PS3 is a great Netflix machine and doesn't get the audio sync issues that I have with my PC.  




 I think getting more people online could have a really interesting effect on both the world and the internet. The internet does give you the tools to do an amazing amount - it really does make starting a business easier, so I could see it really benefiting people currently in poverty.

But it will be interesting to see what the impact will be on the internet - will the next mega internet company come from India? Will we see an increase in memes that derived from the pop culture of developing countries? Or will variation in internet speeds lead to region-specific ghettos online? 




