 I'm a contractor. I can lie about being sick anytime and not get paid for it.  




 And a butt!  




 Your mom doesn't call because she knows you touch yourself.  




 Excellent!  I have 37 new bond ideas the Austin taxpayer will happily pay for before they have any idea what it actually does.  




 It started with his love of bracelets.  Then he built a career around it.  




 I think you've had enough carbs for today. Don't you?  




 At Walgreens I found Phillips Colon Health with a 1.5 billion cell blend of L Gasseri KS-13, bifodobacterium bifidum G9-1 and bifodobacterium longum  MM-2. 

Does that sound sufficient?  




 Wow.  You'd better have a little talk with your manager and find out where all that electricity comes from that you plug your little computer into.  (Lots of it is coal.)  Also, that chair you're sitting in isn't manufactured by wind energy.  Those lights above you?  I have some bad news about the manufacturing process.

You want the technology but don't want to think about where all the energy required to produce it originates from.  But sometimes symbolism is WAY better than actual substance. 




 What dollar amount would that require of me for an upfront investment to become partially liberated from the grid? 




 Perhaps you have vested interests in the technology industry. 

Is that why they'd have to pay your trinkets made off the back of the planet from your cold dead hands?  




 Damn! That was awesome!  




 http://i251.photobucket.com/albums/gg302/Natalya_suicide/gifsss/dutchridergif.gif 




 If the kid is retarded enough not to actually spell out the entire name of the game, he deserved it. 




 Nope. Because I wouldn't be preaching that a byproduct is what makes an industry evil as you might say. Do you feel guilty for having a phone?  




 People used to make a great living and entertain themselves without any of the stuff you mentioned. Actually, some still do. You just choose to use modern technologies for your own comfort it sounds to me. You choose not to do without.


I'd be willing to bet that you're even involved in an industry that not only utilizes said carbon unfriendly ends but that perpetuates the usage of them. Basically, it seems you're willing to use up the earth's resources for your own devices but at a slightly slower rate.


So sad. So hypocritical. 




 Man.  People used to exist just fine without computers.  Apparently you crave modern convenience without all the consequences. 

Don't tell me you have a phone too...  




 Yeah, but do realize how much petroleum those individual commuter parts take to manufacture? I would just give up your computer.  




 Never has the thought, "Need help?  Find a mosque!" ever crossed my mind.  




 Ooooooh man, computer huh? 

http://www.lowtechmagazine.com/2009/06/embodied-energy-of-digital-technology.html 




 Sure! As long as you don't actually make use of any of those terrible petroleum byproducts in your daily life.  




 I just assumed you walk everywhere. What's more important? Saving the Earth or saving yourself some struggle by using petroleum based transportation? 

That way you can still preach to those that do and be in the clear.  




 How do you get around?  




 Gosh! You're saying that not everyone has done that yet?  Evil evil.  




 Maybe that's because right now it doesn't pay for itself.  




 Yeah. Groups of people are just inherently evil because of their position on the planet!  




 I look forward to seeing your 20 new news channels dedicated to all of the world's iniquities.  




 /s

I was being facetious in my comment.  




 Well good. Hopefully you're not so hypocritical as to ride in or drive a car at any time or wear or use items made with petroleum byproducts.  




 Oh no. I do. I also don't admonish people for doing the same.  




 Which has had more world impact?   Prrrrrrrobably Syria.  By about a mile or so.  




 Solar powered jets!  




 Number 13 will make you shit your toilet / Jew hiding place.  




 Apparently not enough for capitalists to smell money in them yet and hence the non payoff.  




 Bigger ongoing stories. Pretty simple really.  




 I guess we should dedicate an entire channel to wronged people in third world shit holes. It would probably require 10 channels going  24 hours a day.  




 If you're not against being surveiled you're for it. I assume you are standing on a street corner with a protest sign every day.  




 Eh, it happens hundreds of times every single day in those countries.    The US would only be condemning acts if that were true.  




 "We" is right. I assume you support your local oil fracker or have come up with a sustainable alternative energy.  




 Finger right on the pulse.  




 "Ships from Japan in 28-51 days??"  




 He still makes him touch him inappropriately.  




 My computer only loaded half the image.  
































































 As a conservative, I have gained a greater awareness of the problem of crony capitalism and money in politics as pertains to both parties as well as corporations and unions, etc. 






































































































































 At the beginning of this month I re-signed a new, 10-month lease with my apartment complex.  I had been having my lease paid with an auto-deduct from my bank account previously and had been out of town from 6/27-7/7 while another apt resident came by to walk and take care of my dog every day.  Today I was gone all day and left my door unlocked since I'd misplaced my key in my luggage.  When I got home the door was locked and I had to pay a locksmith $150.  There was a notice to vacate for non-payment of rent, utilities, etc. charging me with unpaid rent plus $160 in late fees.  I guess that by re-signing the auto-deduct was not in effect but I didn't know that.  The dog walker said there were no notices from the apt complex on the door while I was gone and I did not receive any phone calls from them about my missing rent.  I even went into the office to temporarily borrow a mail key and a guy working there said nothing to me about anything.  I have not discussed anything with the apt complex yet and have never been late on rent before.  The notice dated today 7/9 states that I have to be out on 7/12.  PLEASE HELP! 












































































































































































































