 Aw man... . You know what is sad, I don't have to. I already know what his reaction will be. He's going to look hurt and then tell me he is sorry but he doesnt want to do those things. Then he'll sleep. When he wakes up he'll tell me he's sorry again and tell me he'll try to learn about what I would like to try. That will be done to placate or 'shut me up' and then he will never look into dom/sub stuff, he'll never talk about it again until I bring it up, and he will seem bored and unconvinced that he should do it. Then he'll go back to sleep. 




 I think it's pretty much already been stated, this convo has been being had for 2 years now...and nothing from him. No inkling of wanting to do it. Also, ive never seen anyone look and act so bored about sex as he is. So moving on? I think we all know that answer. 




 Raises right hand, it's still holding the slider from my bong toke! 




 Breaking that prudish part of yourself can be hard. But I think it's easier to get a chick to do this than a guy. A lot of women have rape fantasies. Something as simple as blindfolding her and using a feather w/ alternating spanks on ass, thighs, even feet, can be amazing and stimulate the senses.

Man, I hope this stuff works for you!! Good luck!!! 




 well in that case, OOoh la la, where have you been all my life! You ready to chain me up to a wall and turn me into a trained pet? 




 I really like your idea! And best of luck to you with your wife!! 




 When in doubt, don't put out! 




 I think you did too. I have been made to not cum for up to 10 hours. I couldn't sleep or get off or anything. And,...o man, it was great. =P when i released i came 14 times. FOURTEEN 




 You hit the nail on the head. It is ending. I can't help but feel responsible for it since what my needs are are vastly different from his. I thought my urges would go away but they are only getting stronger and I had tried suppression. Heh. that SO did NOT work. But you are right, the communication is nil. I live with a man that I don't know, sometimes I feel like I'm a stranger around him. 




 We've been together so long, I think, because its comfortable. But it's less and less comfortable for me. It's almost like I do not know him anymore :( 




 Your post freaking helped me! We should look for men together!!! 




 Heh, I wish he'd even try that. I actually did try something similar that you suggest...and he just rolled over and went to bed. That is how he 'solves' everything, by sleeping and ignoring the issue. 




 He won't leave me. He's freaking bonded like crazy glue. Nope, I gotta do that. And teasing him,...he does not register it the way I would, he ignores it. 




 Like I stated before, I might not want it 24/7 if he would play with me even a little. I am beyond the point of making excuses for him. He just simply WILL NOT PLAY. I am 100% ok with doing what ever he wants. But that has to end, b/c I ALWAYS do what he wants and the most crazy thing we do is "lets stand and fuck". I'm not kidding. I wish I were.

BTW: It took us a long time and my bff yelling at him to realize that its actually important to get the girl off. Otherwise he would just roll over and sleep and tell me to "finish myself". He's starting to do that again.

As for your wife, I'd say start with small things. Leather paddle maybe, or even some restraints tied to a bed. Just her arms then, if she likes that, you can move to the legs being tied up. You could blindfold her and really go to town haha!! Just make sure she feels safe. That is your number one goal!! Good Luck!! 




 LoL. 

It's true!! 




 1. He refuses to compromise, at all. He simply will not do it. It's so aggrevating I want to tear my nails out sometimes. I can't express how awful it is to bend over on someones lap and tell them "ive been naughty, spank me" and have them nonchalantly push you off them and go back to watching Youtube.
2. I am very focused on sex. That is why I came to r/sex. I feel like my sexual health isn't being exercised, and I wanted to know if what I was feeling was ok or right. What I am finding is my sinking feeling of I need to break up is something that a lot of people would agree with. I'm not being selfish, he is by not even trying. I'm willing to do pretty much anything for him and I think I posted that I've asked what he wants. He wont tell me what he wants. He just...it's like he has almost no libido.

Also, you're right, relationships are more than just sex. But when your being sexually stifled and have 1 libido that is GO at 96% of the time/day or night...and one who is about 5% eh, ok, we can fuck, once a day/every few days/week...I'm sorry, but I can't do it... I've tried like hell for two years... 




 Haha... I have this cute comment waiting but I don't know if this is the right place. ^_^ 




 I don't believe he has one dominant bone in his body. He ignores his own sexual needs to the core. That being said, I think the internet wants me to leave him, which is fine by me, I can't be denying myself for much longer. 




 No one abused me when I was younger and it's not about 'being treated like shit'. Its absolutely wonderful to be treated like a slave/pet/sub. It's what I prefer. You don't, it balks you to say nasty things on reddit. But I am sure that anyone in a healthy D/s relationship will tell you it's not abuse and it's not unhealthy. It's consensual and beautiful. 




 I've actually got an acct with them...thanks for reminding me. I should really go over there, see whats going on. 




 I'll check that out, thanks :) 




 Thank you for your support. And yeah,  I hope to find someone better 




 I kind of did, didn't I? 




 That's kinda where I am at "what's the point" 




 Piedmont of NC 




 Its hard to not feel selfish. I fought myself for a long time about who I am sexually-speaking. I hated my sub-self. So I hid it, and when I realized thru lots of self exploration, reading, and learning that there is not one thing wrong with me I had to get over that head game. When I expressed it to him, what I wanted he seemed just..non-interested. Like what I need is non-consequential. It's stifling to be told no and that it's you, when really, deep down, I know it's not me. I'm not repressed the way I was, and I can't deal with being in a repressive relationship. 




 Full-time, but he won't play at all. 




 I have tried the porn thing. TODAY even I tried it. His response was to look at me funny and go to bed for the next several hours. He's up now and still nothing.

But your right, he is wasting a perfectly good sub. I want to be trained!! 




 I need to seek hard to find a good one tho... 




 I'll be on my way as soon as I figure out how to leave this dude I am with. I'm so beyond done. I care about him but he refuses to perform and he knows what I need...one can only care for so long before boredom and loathing set in. 




 I live in the southeast bible belt. I am an atheist. Trust me, this is isn't going to be as easy as it looks. I might have to relocate! 




 It's been years since I've looked for men. This is going to be crazy hard... 




 Well, I've been 'really unhappy' for a while now.

Where do I find hair pulling men?? 




 I feel like I have done all I can do. It's up to him and he'd rather roll over and pass out with No stinging the air. There is no play, not one little bit. Maybe I wouldn't desire it so strongly if I could get it out of my system, but it's going to get bad if he doesn't turn around. I will leave him. It's the only fucking recourse here.

Thus comes the whole "find a new guy" crusade, one that does what I need. I hope it's not freaking hardcore to locate!! 




 I just don't think he realizes that it is important. Then he'll apologize later on for how he is. I've tried to find out/do things he likes but there's very little response in that category. It seems very wishy washy 




 Well, it's also how I am talked to and treated and made to feel. But yeah, it's like that. 




 I'm 27. And yeah, it is like he doesn't care. Then he gets all apologetic to me saying "i don't know why i can't do those things for you, and I'll try", but it's much more pacifying talk than anything. 




 O.O 




 Oh, I have. Many, many times. It's gotten so bad I've actually cried later on b/c he gets this No thing and just shuts down, rolls over and goes to sleep. ONCE he did tie me up, and b/c that happened 'before' it doesn't need to happen 'now'. 




 Haha... I don't think cheating is quite the answer. But if I break up, expect a different posting from me...it's really THAT bad. 




 hehe, i have this guy's exact problem but in reverse. 




 I want to be treated like a sex slave. All the time. I want to be tied up and have my hair pulled and have slave bells, I want all of that. I have a boyfriend, and Ive tried for 2 years now to get him to do anything beyond vanilla with me. It's proven to be incredibly frustrating for me, as I ~~want~~ need to have this done to me, otherwise I don't get any fulfillment with sex...Any ideas, tips, thoughts, suggestions? 




 your a lucky man, but she's even luckier you're actually going to do it. i want to do that for my guy...he's absolutely not budging, it makes me so sad ;_; 




 Me too..Id like the email option 




 I don't know if I actually trust this guy's theories. He seems kinda 'we dont know therefore aliens', kinda guy.

..and before you get on my case, I have had my own experience(s), but I'm still very skeptical of this guy. 




 That's actually kinda sad :( 




 Mmm Yummy :) 




 And then shit the fire of Mordore 




 I just threw up a little in my mouth, excuse me please. 




 I love this guy. I'm actually going to friggin' vote.
edit: I think he should do an AMA. I'm not kidding. Let's get behind this guy!!! 




 no, no, they were fakes... but thats not to say there aren't VERY good, clear photos and videos of unusual phenom in the sky

Happy hunting! 




 I have almost all of this except for the SP. Not bad. As a kid I used to concentrate on the floaty feeling really hard and could make myself actually dizzy by making my body feel as though I were floating. To be truthful, I love it. However, I agree, it is better when you sleep alone...having a shifty in bed partner...kinda sucks... 




 I have no problem with eating meat. However, the treatment of said "meat" while in life is, to me, of utmost importance. I'm not saying they get heated floors and mani/pedi's every Saturday morning with a latte.

What I'm saying is I am 100% for ethical treatment of food while it's alive. No matter if it's a dog, cat, rabbit, cow, pig, duck, goose, or fish. It's mind boggling to me that people could feel ok with doing this to something alive. Not to freakin' mention that mammals when living in a stressful and/or unhealthy living conditions release chemicals from the brain that DO NOT EXIT THE BODY. Instead, they build up in the muscle...and what of animals, pray tell, do we eat? The fucking muscles. So what? You might think. Heh... These chemicals don't release from our bodies, either. That means even if going thru the digestive system they can be absorbed into the body and are not passed. This build up of negative emotional chemicals into the body happens in our own lives! Why the fuck would you want to eat something that has been freaking miserable its whole life, knows nothing but misery and has been releasing this chemical into it's muscles and then YOU and your Family ingest this meat. Maybe, just maybe, the reason so many people are on things like Prozac or Zoloft might actually stem from the living conditions and overall mental soundness of the freaking meat we are eating.

Ok. Sorry to write all of that, I was going to make a short comment and that just blurted out of me. I feel very passionate about this idea of mine and I really do feel that it does matter what you eat and how it was handled in life. In fact, if you have ever gotten meat from farmers who have clean pastures and feed their, say, cattle with grains, oats, molasses and not just soley corn, you know you can taste the difference. And I also feel good after I eat it, not like the feeling you get from McD's or even most store bought meat.
/my 2cents 




 i knew i didn't like clowns 




 Well, hehe, since I get a choice, I'll go with Fission :) 




 you were touched by his noodley appendage and ye, you were filled. :) 




 how do i set fire in space???? 




 no one else will get this, but..that is sooo minty 




 Yeah, I thought the same thing. I'd lie lie lie to get my ass outta there 




 I never felt like it was bad., but it was never really impressed upon me, either. I can absolutely see this as something the women will only share with the bishop and feel absolute inner guilt that something that feels amazing is demonized and "satan is within you, controlling you". I feel lucky in that way...however, I was incredibly sheltered from all things sexual so for the most part I really didn't know I was even engaging in masturbation(i didn't exactly touch myself so it wasn't the same, right?!) 




 Basically this translated to me: we won't give you this money unless you do some work, and what better way for us to keep an eye on you and control you more then you keep you in the church building itself and make you work! Nothing wrong with working for your money, but working for money that keeps you in a perpetual guilt for something absolutely natural is sick and twisted. 




 When my Bishop was gone for a while, his First Counselor took over the interviews for the temple. He actually did ask me if I masturbated, and I lied and told him no. But they never discussed this with the women the way they do with men. It's freaking crazy, and really really awful. It kinda...makes me sick 




 How does that even come up in a meeting with the Bishop? Do they ask you if you do it, or watch it and how often? Or is like, more than one offense grounds to recommend this? 




 So... I had no idea about this til today. I am very disgusted about the level the church steeps down to in regards to masturbation, especially to the priesthood. And for what? To instill in these youth/men that there is something wrong with them, that they are addicts to porn and masturbation. Wow.
So,..I did a little digging because I was curious and found this :)
http://www.sonsofhelaman.org/?p=program_summary

I very much enjoyed this:
http://www.sonsofhelaman.org/?p=answers qid=63

Then I found these:
http://groups.psychologytoday.com/rms/prof_detail.php?profid=74358 sid=1307514490.1743_12604 city=Ogden county=Weber state=Utah#group
and
http://www.blogger.com/profile/02766236371559828795

http://dl.dropbox.com/u/14969804/Final%20Complete%20Writings%20of%20SoH%205-2-2011.pdf

http://mwharkertherapist.blogspot.com/

Ugh. It's just sickening to read this. I feel for people living in Utah, going thru this. If anyone has ever been to one of these meetings or knows something about this, let me know. 




 im reading this and drinking a beer, so i am getting a kick :) 




 im reading this and drinking a beer, so i am getting a kick :) 




 I  Jimmy Johns...this does not deter me from my Italian Night Club with Salt and Vinegar Chips and a Root Beer. ...anyone else?
/munchies
//also..they do use sarcasm in their marketing...it's no matter 




 my brain is bleeding 




 Hitler was involved in occult practices, this was stricken by Winston Churchill but it's not unknown. The Islam shit? I have never heard that 




 Hasa Diga Eebowai 




 It is really awesome to hear that your parents didn't turn ugly. And, for real, congratulations :) 




 this needs more upvotes and we need to make a youtube channel and maybe get some tv commercials going if it really takes off. i support this fully. I'm in. 









 I don't normally upvote, but when I do it involves Blow Up dolls and Raptures :)

I want to do this now!!! 




 ^_^ it's just skin! haha...we taste like pork 




 I've chewed and eaten the skin tags on my thumb...does that count? it's kinda salty.. 




 This kinda shit has always bothered me. Even Amish know to bring their families into the hospital, dr, dentist if someone should need it. These people are just batshit insane and one step away from having a 'Children Under The Stairs' scenario.

/Everyone knows The Flying Spaghetti Monster DOES NOT FAITH-HEAL

 




 high 




 omg yes they do, and i dunno if this is normal but they also asked me if i did inappropriate behavior with my siblings. i freaked
 




 ...so tornados hitting TORNADO Alley is now considered a part of Global Warming?...okay....I'm still not 100% on the "every storm is global warming" bandwagon. I do, however, see an intensity with these storms that is upped from previous years but, we don't have thousands of years or even more than 200 years of info on what tornados can do...I dunno. Skeptical til I find out more :) If you do have info, plz don't bite my head off, instead, just share :) ty!! ( I 3 Learning) 




 Those seem like very old outdated and stuff... moving along 




 Huckabee biatches that she is unwed and pregnant, but, my my my, could you imagine what he'd say if she'd had an abortion?! yeah...

fornication happens, mike. deal 




 that's a fruit i'd like to see later on in the evenin' ;P 




 ...I just find it distasteful to try and make others feel like shit, really makes you look like an adult. 




 Thank you for writing all those words. 




 I was not aware there was! Thank you Flat_Lander :) 




 ^_^ thank you. that was rather awesome of a reply. maybe i have been talking with really big douchey atheists? and you are correct they are loud (anger and hatred have a tendency to be loud anyways) I dunno, I still don't like the term Atheist, but I guess that it doesn't really mean to imply the anger, just the lack of belief of god. 




 i know, but i was just thinking about that off-chance and kinda got sad :( fgm is so sad :( 




 **also-atheism isn't about belief, it's about a lack of belief** 




 No, no, you are right, I am indeed bitching. Also, I am not a "sir", heh. I just, I'm new here and I don't get how all the hating of theists is really any different from the hatred coming out of the Westborough Church. While the Westborough Church'll say god(who doesn't exist) hates you and is glad that our soldiers died, it's really not that different from how Atheists I see on here act toward religion/religious people.
And while I don't believe the shit they spew at churches, I do find that most religious people are generally nice if you don't tell your views. In fact, lots of people who are religious don't even really discuss it, they show they are "good christians" through their actions of charity and kindness. While maybe it's only b/c they think the flying spaghetti monster is always watching, it's a helluva lot nicer than sitting in a room of Atheists who are bitching about the theists. I dunno, maybe the poster above you is right about the "anti-theists". I'm not an angry atheist, and I'm not trying to push anything on anyone. I kinda like people to be, oh happy, and not oh, try to make others feel badly for what they think. :/ 




 it's nice to see that part of your good day was to make her feel bad... i am an atheist but it really pisses me off when atheists get off on making theists feel terrible about how they feel. if they aren't pushing their irrationality on you, leave it alone.
...consider the football player that always wears the same socks for a game, he thinks it makes him always win when he wears them, but doesn't tell anyone. he never hurt a single person due to his irrational thought and didn't press it upon his teammates to do something similar, and why would you make that football player feel bad about the socks he wears? same goes true for religion. however-if they are pressing their religion on you by all means talk with them about your viewpoints and don't agree with them, but for fuck's sake making people feel bad and being happy about that later, that's fucking sick and it's sadistic. goddamn atheists have a better than thou or smarter than thou attitude ... and you wonder why ppl hate you so much? think about it. 




 I can't believe I am the first one to point this out but...
if this story is true, and that girl just happened to be foreign, there is a chance she may have undergone FGM[Female Genital Mutilation], and would, indeed pee and bleed out of the same hole. Yeah, it's absolutely infuriating to think about it happening, but it does happen in USA and Canada as well as many First World Countries. TERRIFYING(fmg should be an awareness rage comic or somethin') 




 I want this to be true, oh so true.
/misses Pete and Pete too :( 




 i thought it was something spiritual as a child til i got older and realized it wasn't. always wondered if it had a name...both my boyfriend and i have this 




 good to see other people get out of that religion. i was raised in a part-member lds home, and i believed. i did until i started learning about the history and a few other things... grats.

did you ever study the history of joseph smith and what he did? 




 I live there off and on. Nice peeps! Cook out rox!! 




 I absolutely concur. 100%. I had this tequila hangover that wouldn't quit, but two hits later I was a-ok. Still a little groggy, but I was able to stop vomiting on a cross state trip thru Florida 




 I just went to PP for the first time yesterday. Thank you for working there. I am saddened that there is so much controversy over such an important service for women. The people who work there are not monsters, they are giving women a choice, a choice to keep themselves healthy and prepared. If it weren't for PP, so many home abortions would occur which are incredibly dangerous. I don't comprehend the negativity surrounding this, it's primarily for the safety of women and the choice is there's. BTW, PP is not just about abortion, but for many religious groups that is all they think about. Once again thank you and I hope your funding doesn't get cut. 




