 100% agree 




 Has there ever been a player close to, equal to, or better than Lebron at making players around him better? JR's resurgence and emergence as a weapon on this team, I believe, is completely the Lebron effect. Like, him and Bron can go off together and just dominate a game as a duo. He does the same thing with Kyrie and did the same thing with Wade or Bosh. Even back to Mo Williams when he was an all star, that was all the Lebron duo effect. Takes a 33 win team to number one in vegas odds to win the chip the day he signs... single-handedly changes franchises. Just curious to see what you guys think! 




 well shit, id be itchin to come to cleveland now too that theyre relevant again 




 "basketball gods, am i gonna win this game?"
*bang*
"cool, cool" 




 http://imgur.com/lkRkgWl 




 Shaq 




 I just wanna see one with a Mortal Kombat finish at the end.  




 But most important, are you 12... or 13? 




 Very, *veeeeerry* important crack 




 And that sir, is why you are wrong.  




 Yeah, talking to him. That doesnt mean anything. He could have been recruiting for when he is a free agent. He does that with plenty of players 




 You're right... but, what if? maybe 7..... 




 This isnt a movie and i dont care. 
McConaughey in True Detective. Not a single soul could have done that the way he did it. perfectly done 




 yeah, science bitch 




 dude, dont bring that up. i have to live the rest of my life as a steelers fan saying "what if Tebow didnt torch us for an 80 yard TD bomb to win the game in OT?" 




 yeah that series was an anomaly. i was at game 4 and you could tell he wasnt in the right place. he honestly looked like he was playing a game he had never played before. but other than that series, all he has been in clutch. never understood this 




 KD was gettin up there for me this year just bc of his twitter crap and his "you can play me for it" shit about his all star bid. like, you didnt earn that, at least be grateful. but, i cant blame a guy whos had frustrating injuries like that after an MVP season. 

Westbrook will have to do 




 dude, come on. none of this is remotely accurate 




 OH MY GOD I KNOW. LIKE, THIS IS PROFESSIONAL BASKETBALL. ACT LIKE AN ADULT GOOD GOD 




 Who said he does...? 




 So Kyrie and Dion and old Varejao were his golden ticket? Come on man...  




 MJ had/has the same cult following. But, I agree about him getting away with offensive fouls sometimes. However, the dude gets hit in the face on drives all the time and never gets a call bc he isnt effected by it bc he's so big. I think him getting away with pushoffs and hooks is refs making up for missing him get hip checked in the air 




 Yeah, because that totally isn't classless at all and the exact same thing they did to Dirk..... 




 For real. Just get it all out, no need to hold back. We're all friends here 




 Screw Boozer. He's one of the most annoying players ever 




 Sounds on purpose 




 my heart likes it a whole lot 




 Im a white dude who lives in a city and i just pre ordered it. Is that good or bad? 




 How many are there for real? The commercials make it seem like there's a lot.  




 Reese wasnt in gone girl bruh 




 Welp. He's resting this game so I guess the back situation is more real than I thought 




 Hopefully he rests. Good time for him to grab some extra rest. Also, would love for Love to have just a giant game to get him back in the swing of things. We will need him come May 




 Even if Lebron isnt the MVP, he will get the MVP. after everything, it's the fairytale ending the league and the team and he wants 




 I like this one. Scariest teams are gonna be 5-8 




 youre telling me a Paul George, who hasnt played all season, is going to come back in the lineup and not kill their chemistry AND play like a star against the best player in the world? Cavs in 4, moving on.  




 Rockets dont get past first round. Warriors dont make it past the second round. Blazers and Spurs the dark horses to make it to the Finals. Cavs win finals in 5 games against whoever they play.  




 I don't even think it's that. it's how dangerous it is to have something that distracting on the road, right? i mean, it is a powerful message and all but dang, poorly placed.  




 10/10 would dump 




 Lilly even says smokes sandwiches. Like, come on 




 We would also destroy them one on one right now 




 Yes, all of this, but also what the hell was goin on with Mozgovs hands tonight? mighta been just me but it looked like he couldnt catch anything 




 He WILL be an MVP in the future. No question about it with that ball handling and finishing ability. Not to mention that 3 point stroke!! Damn 




 I think 3-9 against teams over .500 is the only argument you need 




 When in reality, he brought in over 150 mil to the Heat in 12-13 alone.  









 Dumbledore Mt. Everest  




 Vince, T-Mac, Marc 




 It would make for some playoff series with more fire and intensity. Nobody is gonna like gettin called out by the one seed. i like it 




 It's the "idea" of an escape tho that draws people to it 




 That's why. Earth sucks sometimes, so lets see how it is out there. It's an escape 




 Yeah OKC is like a +36 with him off the floor and -24 with him on past few games. Not MVP-like to me 




 hahaha bruh. hop outta here with that Teague stuff.  




 never works for me. stimulates my mind 




 Worst win percentage in the league without him in uniform. I think that speaks volumes 




 He's carrying them offensively, but they're better defensively with him off the floor. I also just dont see the league giving an MVP award to a (maybe) 8 seed.  




 http://bleacherreport.com/articles/2389832-the-case-for-lebron-james-to-win-nba-mvp-yet-again 




 Well that's disappointing. Let me fix it real quick 









 http://i.imgur.com/Kvff9bo.jpg 




 Cool story bro 




 haha youre old congrats. adult life! 




 When you heard that, you knew it was about to get real 




 Immediately in the MVP discussion if you do 




 We Takin Over was the jam 




 Always Drake. squad knows i got drake bars on lock 




 Fear, The Calm, Paris Morton Music 




 BRUH me too. this was that 8th grade basketball pre game hype track 




 yeah, i think he's the guy who can slay anybody on a song but just isnt as popular to the average fan.  




 exactly. drake changed the genre to an extent so saying he cant make a classic is near sighted. if his career ended today he would still be known as a complete game-changer with tons of bangers that everyone knows 




 Interstellar. Made me think deeply about things I had never thought about, question things i always thought were solid fact, and shed tears at how emotional it was. Something about him being the same age as his daughter and missing her entire life while only being gone, in his time, for a very short period. Awesome movie 




 Literally none of these work.  




 Incorrect, Blake Lovely goes first in all things always.  




 "He's a future hall of famer. there's no question."-Mark Jackson about literally anyone on the floor at any given time 




 I love that bang 




 past few games it feels like thats been our entire offense. pisses me off. run a play 




 yeah im just confused about the whole nonchalant nudity thing happenin here 




 Lebron deserves it over everyone. He's the best player on the planet. But, I'm 85% sure he won't get it regardless of how out of his mind he plays until the middle of june because people just want someone else to get it. Like DRose a few years ago. Yeah right 




 Neil Patrick Harris as The Riddler
Johnny Depp as a character like John Cusack played in Frozen Ground
Will Smith as a Bond villain somehow
Bryan Cranston as literally any character in anything because he's the best. But I wish he could have been Lex Luthor in this Batman v. Superman comin out. 
I would watch Matthew Mcconaughey be his True Detective character forever so if he played a guy like that but motivated by evil, I'd be down.  




 haha lebron is the most clutch player in the league. just look at the clutch-time stats. bleacher report did a story about the clutchest players in the league and it's not even close 




 Interstellar missing out is a disgrace.  




 http://i.imgur.com/iayLLZU.jpg 




 Doesn't matter. had sex 




 but seriously, who's mckenna? haha is she hot oorrrr.... 




 did he do that once the whole season? pisses me off. the signature things that made him who he is and made the show were things like that and his asides. felt like he barely had any. BUT, still loved it 




 Woah. This just put the whole season into perspective. Bravo 




 coulda sworn she was gonna kill herself. like 4 different times I thought "this is it. here it is" but no. slightly disappointed but also intrigued to see where they go next. that one lady claire talked to with the baby said that she (claire) should be president and Claire had a distinct "I'm intrigued" look on her face.  




 hahahahhahahahahahahahahah 




 obviously not if you're gettin it in. OOHHH BUURRRRNNNNN. 
 




 http://i.imgur.com/Eix7Erd.jpg 




 Hey everyone! We have an over compensator over here! WooHoo!! Probably wears Ed Hardy fake rhinestone shirts and drives a truck with a 79 inch lift because of his incessant need to feel like a real man in spite of his tiny penis!     




 http://i.imgur.com/Eix7Erd.jpg 




 Shrek is love. 










Shrek is life.  




 and forces some of the dumbest shots imaginable over 4 defenders in closing seconds trying to be a hero.  




 wouldve upvoted, but youre at 69. proceed 




 http://i.imgur.com/Eix7Erd.jpg 



















 If Barney transformed into the guy he is now after he found out his girlfriend from the coffee shop was cheating on him, how did him and his brother turn into the wingman duo they were in season 2? Barney said they were raised in the same home and had the same values and James getting married was him turning his back on them and him... So how does that work? 




 Do you guys remember that McDonalds (i think) promo thing they did with the kids meal toys where you got those little dinosaur lookin guys with a code, and you go online and type the code in and that animal you got becomes a part of your collection. and you have to feed them and take care of them and all that good stuff? Can someone remember the name? I cant for the life of me 














