 Three minutes later and the kee kee would have a treat and bring it to your feet. It's hard to reward your cat for being a faithful provider when it comes to cute little animals. But such is nature. But I'm glad you saved the lil' guy. 




 Creepy yes. But I'm guessing rural area, deer bait, posed (Sweet ass creepy alien doll) and trail cam. I love this shiez! Upvote! 




 Wow! This brings back some fond memories.
Sat rite next to this one http://www.rubylane.com/item/756627-BWx20x7ex201610/1981-Scary-Stories-To-Tell 




 I love how street view is old timey.
 




 Anyone notice this guys hands are extremely large in accordance with his body size? He could choke a bitch!
 




 Bitcoin has to work! It's time to be truly free everybody. 




 Ha! This made me laugh.
 




 I am 31, our first isp was Prodigy. We had a 14.4 external dial up modem on our 64 mb hd, IBM 386 . When we first logged on I noticed there was a game button on the sweet 16 bit windows 3.1, 12" brilliant 32 color display CRT monitor. Where in the World is Carmen San Diego, the rest is history. Thanks for the memory... Prodigy, I'm getting all nostalgic. But I agree, Bitcoin is here to stay because it is the next big thing. Happy mining. 




 Its /r/wtf because "WTF!?! how did he do that!" 




 Looks like a painting. 




 Oh hellz yeah! I loved these things, and who remembers they didn't skimp on the Puddin'. They filled the whole delicious pie crust cavity with the mutagen ooze. 




 Good for you brother! Keep it up. 




 We hit 87.70 folks! I am the proud owner of some damn spending money in BTC now.
 




 Amen brother! 




 If you squint, it's an Orca Tie-fighter! 




 The audio for this clip is hilarious! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-ogs0EmMMk 




 Steve Slothscemi?
 




 Bruce Campbell? 




 Looks like a Vagina good sir, hence the "Kinda" in NSFW. But thanks for putting me in my place. 




 5th painting is really cool, I dig that Sharon Osbourne wears Converse.
 




 I myself was introduced by a friend very early on about Bitcoin, back when you could mine one BTC in a pool every 2-4 days, unfortunately for me I stopped at 9.35 BTC about 2 years ago. I have updated my wallet and am now worth 437 US dollars :) I will sit on them for some time and watch my 12 dollars spent in electricity grow. 




 Yes, I have done this between 3 different PC's. Or you can find your wallet.dat file and drop it in several thumb drives like I do just to be safe. But I have a few more Bitcoins. Happy Mining :) 




 So I guess her name is "Philipina" ...clap..clap...... Ok I'll leave :/ 




 I mined Bitcoin late 2010 early 2011, I got up to 9.35 BTC then stopped :/. I recently heard a bunch of stuff about it and Found out I have 456 US dollars worth. I'm going to sit on them for awhile, I hear good things. 









 Will Smith's older brother....... Maybe.......
 




 A little like this :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVRPpJQjwMg 




 This is a BadAss picture bro :) it kinda has a Maurice Sendak, author of "Where the Wild Things Are" feel to it. Good Job! 




 Ha, Family Guy!
 









 Am I the only one who read this with Will Ferrell's voice in my head? 









 KILL IT WITH FIRE!!! 




 Yeah, I see the little guy next to the bench on the lower left of the screen, looking at the camera.
 




 Its Sylvester Stallone. 




 I got him when I was 12, I will miss him very much :( 









 BOOBS :) 




 ET phone home. 




 Happened to me... It stinks, but the only way to get all the plastic off is to turn it on high until it stops smoking :/  (Box fan in kitchen window)
 




 I got one a month or so ago... 1 word (Eeeewwww!) 









