 Islam happened. Again.  




 Says the guy that most likely never even read anything by Ayn Rand and is just regurgitating what his buddies that also never read anything by Rand say.  




 Absolutely.  




 You should sharpen that knife. 

Otherwise,  you're a goddamn bad ass with a great psycho murderer vibe about.  




 He should sharpen that knife.  




 You should read The Last Ringbearer. It's LOTR written from the perspective of Mordor being the industrial good guys and Gandalf and posse being the religious fanatics.  




 Oh wow.  




 Hey look everyone. I found the lazy socialist parasite!  




 Basic income is pretty much as the Dire Straits put it. Money for nothing. It's a disgusting concept rewarding laziness and freeloading.  




 Was there last year.  1800 yen beers.  




 Suddenly "Gay Bar"  by Electric Six got a whole lot more relevant. (the video clip).  




 Hugged to death by the religion of peace. Lovely....

This is what you get when a nation sleeps and let's these parasites in.  




 I am so happy this has nothing to do with Islam. 

Oh...  




 Gonna go by a restaurant supply store today to see what they carry.  




 The best part about this is that the final result is shown for more than a microsecond.  




 Same in the Netherlands. Then again,  manual transmissions are the norm and automatic transmission are over 3 grand more expensive site even for bottom range cars.  




 Tastes pretty good! Just not smooth.  




 I shave my dome with a DE. It's works well. Some small specs of blood once in a while,  but nothing serious. 




 He pretty much made a razor in a spoonshape. This is not some guy getting a spoon from. His cutlery drawer and sharpening it.  




 Just tried this. Added a ton more oil. Not smooth.  Not sure what is going on. (replaced sugar with liquid splenda).  




 Kampers we call em. Type of gypsy. Usually criminal. 




 Vanilla ice cream. Take a bite,  take a sip. Heaven.  




 It the prevent accidental wake up feature. Disable it and the problem is gone. It's in the display settings. 




 Gonna give it a try. Anything to get rid of Good for Enterprise.

Good for Enterprise sure, Good for User: not in a trillion years. 




 A bit of soft wet cloth and some buffing.

Done.

If it's really stuck, some chrome polish is what I use, but that more of an annual ritual. 




 I can envision Nathan Explosion grunting this in a "Murmaider" type song.  




 Was wondering if anyone has a good solution for using Outlook Web Access on Android besides via a browser. 

I can only use this form of remote access for this at the moment for my work email. The official Microsoft app only supports 365 OWA and not on site hosted exchange. 

OWM for Android is something I tried,  but is very poor in my opinion and not worth the money.  




 Good point, thanks for clarifying.  




 T-Mobile. Lied to me. Cost me a ton of money. Refuses to do anything about it. After 8 years with them I dumped them. I will never ever do any business with them again.  




 Recently my power button seems to have become a bit wonky. It's a hit and miss on its functionality. Sometimes it works great for hour son need. Sometimes it does nothing and mashing it for a while makes it work. 

Running AOSiP 8.0 with hellscore 7. 

Perhaps this is something one of you has encountered as well.  




 Interesting. It seems to be hit and miss for he most part. For example I cannot run chroma with Franco.  It never gets past the boot logo.  




 Caputo is a proper fellow. He is forced into this. Without him someone else,  perhaps or even likely worse. At least like this he can so some good.  




 "Some people" are mistaking Malachite (Mineral) with Malachite Green (dye). Malachite Green (dye) has nothing to do with Malachite (Mineral).

Then again, it's useless to argue with an idiot. You cannot win, they have much more experience in being clueless.

Even if it was harmful, it's firmly embedded in epoxy and pretty harmless regardless. 




 Mom or dad being sad. Breaks my heart.  




 5.1.1 AOSiP v8.0,  hellscore 7 mako, Vodafone (no carrier lock).  




 Highly illegal in many places. Will give you a piece of mind,  and may hold in court,  but prepare for criminal charges.  




 Not all mineral oil is safe. But there is food grade mineral oil readily available. Even Ikea has it if needed.
 




 We have this here too. It's still full of sugar. Also in my opinion it tasted poor. 




 Wonder if we can hack this into a custom rom. 




 Al Bundy.

He could've had it all. But he sticks around to provide. He often is rude, but never violent to his own family. He's very protective, but gives his kids enough space to do their own thing.
 




 Chrome or Chrome Beta. Depends a bit on my on my mood. No point getting something else, it's all a WebView skin anyway. 




 I too can pull words out of my ass and write an article.

Most of this shit is thinking "what is the logical next step up from current". So we up the processor gen one, add a tad more ram and pull some bullshit MP number out of our ass.

Done. 




 Boobs.

Also being able to make it in life by just being pretty. 




 The quality tier for home mixers is pretty much:

Old school Kitchenaid (Hobart) Kenwood (higher tier)  Kitchenaid  others.

Modern kitchenaid mixers have a high premium on the name. The Kenwood Titan mixers are far superior at the same pricepoint. 




 Why I cannot go out shop on a Sunday, on a extended note, why weekends even exist. Let me pick my own 2 days. 




 1. Hire lawyers at at least " Big-Five" partner level.
2. Make lawyers ensure the taxman gets at little as possible,
3. Break up pot into smaller pots (investments, mixed risk).
4. Have a fat spending account to get the urge to spend out of my system (less than 10%). 
5. ~~Kill a couple of hobos~~ Enjoy life.
6. edit: Buy enough shares in the company I currently work for that I get some power.
7. Fire my ex-boss. 




 Searing hot grill. Dry meat on the outside (After smoking).  




