 Had the MP said this about Jews would you be saying it was understandable. Romas are treated like lesser humans in large parts of Europe. 




 Karzai made his bed let him sleep in it. Karzai is a US creation. We don't need to prop up his corrupt regime anymore.

EDITED: Grammar 




 GOP to Republican voters: Let the power brokers decide 




 I don't understand where you get this. Most Democrats oppose the Citizens United decision. Also in many smaller places where Democrats are in control efforts have been made to curb contributions and bring in some sort of public financing. 




 Tom Delay's indictment never stopped him from making appearances on numerous news outlets. 




 This is why Republicans want no campaign contribution limits. Those silly trivial limits forces them to break the law. 




 It leaves people of color who have saved the housing stock to start over in another neighborhood and not reap the benefits of their good work. 




 Where do they move? Eventually some of them move into a box in some back alley. 




 You are correct my experience was in in the 70s, 80s and 90s in New York City maybe the process has changed. However, it is does not change the fact that lower income people are displaced and Whites end up with a desirable neighborhood. 




 Renters leave because they can not afford the neighborhood prices and rents.

Home owners leave in the second wave as home prices rise and commodity prices rise. Their $60,000 home is sold for $200,000. The home is resold for $400,000. The home owners do make money but miss out on the windfall.

The end result Whites takeover a neighborhood in which the people of color have protected the housing stock for decades. 




 Having been pioneers of gentrification in a number of neighborhoods I find the study flawed. I am White. I saw the vast majority of people of color displaced. First the renters went but then the home owners sold out because the money they were offered were too much for them not to accept. Also the prices in stores changed upward forcing lower income home owners to seek more affordable communities. 

One neighborhood changed from African-American to White and in the other Hispanic/African-American to White. Just because you don't have to move the economics may make moving the best alternative. In the end the benefits of the new gentrified community changes are lost to the long-time residents renters and home owners. 




 Taliban actually banned opium production in their final year of power. The Taliban found opium production against Islamic teachings.  




 Of course his probation will be shorten for good behavior. /s 

If an accomplice to a bank robbery destroyed evidence would they get probation. I think not. White collar criminals need to pay the same price as other criminals.  




 If Vitter wins he would fit in with all the other crooks and scoundrels who were Louisiana governors.  




 Please check out the photo of Festival mascot Hamish the Haggis. 




 It is not meanwhile. It is because of these "unfortunate" derivative contracts that JPMorgan makes billions more each year. 




 That only took 13 years to realize. The opium/heroin trade is the backbone of the Afghan economy. When the Taliban was in power they willing fought the heroin trade while the US has been partners with the opium warlords. 




 The Egyptian military is taking up the club that the Arab Spring forced Mubarak to put down. 




 Just what everyone thinks, Florida's "stand your ground law" is too strict. /s 




 Homophobia is becoming as unacceptable to large firms as racism. Would be great if sexism would become this unacceptable. 




 When banks sets side billions to pay expenses it leaves less money to lend. Also setting asides money to pay expenses effects these financial institutions bottom line. JPMorgan had their first not-profitable quarter under Jamie Dimon because of JP Morgan's write down of their $13 billion fine. 




 Gov. McCrory may be right that Congress doesn't do much but would he leave a majority White district without representation for a year. I think not. 




 But it was one of the last chance attempts by Tea Party wingnuts.

EDITED: added the 




 The statement "that comedian is crazy, insane" is really true. 




 A glacial lake is formed by a glacier gouging the earth and then as it  retreats it fills with water. The trench in Antarctica could become a glacial lake if the ice retreats and the water does not have any drainage. There are many valleys that are glacial that do not have significant glacial lakes. 




 I used Reddit's search function and it did not flag the submission. Sorry for the double post. 




 I was explaining that the trench didn't have to be filled with water but just covered by the ice. 




 This spill has already [effected water supplies in Ohio via the Ohio River.](http://www.sfgate.com/news/science/article/Cincinnati-passes-on-Ohio-River-water-after-spill-5139320.php)


EDITED: Added link 




 This is one reason for chemical safety issues should be handled by Federal regulators. A persons well being from a chemical spill should not be determined by where you live. 




 Not necessarily. If girls are offered a course which is dominated by boys, it is not enough to just say choose. Girls in this case need to encouraged, mentored and incentivized to take the courses which allow them to succeed if they take the AP test. 




 Not if the trench is filled with ice.

EDITED: changed tench to trench 




 The large banks probably have already figured out a way to use this loophole to continue all their current banking operations. 




 No classes, no computers, no mentoring it makes it hard to take an advance placement test. 




 This is the equivalent of the rich eating cake while throwing crumbs to the poor. This is clearly an effort to appease the rich who were turned off last fall by the government shutdown.  




 How well would you do taking a test when you have not been taught the subject? 




 Just because a practice is being routinely used or has been done forever doesn't mean the activity is either legal or ethical. The fact that the Fed has decided to look at this practice should be heartening. 




 I've resubmitted the article without azcentral.com coding at the end of the URL. Sorry if this caused you any problems. 




 I agree 




 If you truly cared about your apology, you would want your apology to be accepted. If your apology is not accepted the problem is not with the person offended but the offender.

What do you think the soap was about? Some say it was about dirty Jews but to me it was about the fact that [Jewish body parts were made into soap during the Holocaust.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soap_made_from_human_corpses)

Edited: add last graph 




 "If this offended you" apology is not an apology. It offended all of us because it made light of the Holocaust. Think about it. It may have been a joke to you but to the rest of us it was anti-semitic drivel. We don't need to go on about it but you need to rethink how others took your original "joke" and your responses. 




 CNN is not an alternative news instituion. It is being judged on the standard of its newsgathering within the traditional media. 




 I disagree that the army is on the side of the people. The army was a third force in Egypt before the Arab Spring but now is closely tied with the Mubarak forces. 




 What's next Mubarak will be PM? 




 I think you need to rethink your comparison of CNN to FOX.  




 First, I'm not liberal. Second, your reply just makes Zucker's point. 




 OP: That was the name the BBC used. This was a sentence from the  story. I agree the correct country name is Myanmar. 




 CNN is running third in the cable news ratings. Fox is number one in the news ratings. CNN was tired of being dumped on by Fox. CNN sees itself as the only impartial news source. It was time to take the gloves off and make Fox's relationship to the GOP the issue. 




 We do know that but this is coming from the head of a major news network not a Democrat or the political left. 




 Just want to point out the businessinsider.com story was posted at 9 AM this morning more than 8 hours after my original post. While Mediaite story was not blogspam the story was pulled because the site was an unacceptable domain. Mediaite is on that list because it's stories are blogspam. 




 Rachel Maddow Show original story about Christie is only available as a video clip when I posted it. So there is no real way to put this story on r/politics. 




 Really fascinating read about how the E Coli bacteria evolves. Certainly a must read for those who don't believe in evolution. 




 NFL contemplating postponing the Super Bowl./s 




 Are the down votes based on people thinking this story is blogspam? The [original Dallas Morning News story](http://www.dallasnews.com/news/politics/headlines/20140106-ted-cruzs-dad-backs-tea-partier-katrina-pierson-for-sessions-seat.ece) is not very informative either. The Post story adds some context but neither piece will win a Pulitzer. 




 I doubt that the victims of unsolved murders are 50/50 White and African American since the majority of murder victims are people of color. 

You seem to be justifying the disparity in solved vs. unsolved cases. When you see a racial disparity our first instinct should be to see these differences in light of our history of racism. What I am seeing in this discussion is an attempt to justify the facts by blaming the victims. 




 This is what the [Innocence Project says about eyewitness testimony:](http://www.innocenceproject.org/understand/Eyewitness-Misidentification.php)

Eyewitness misidentification is the single greatest cause of wrongful convictions nationwide, playing a role in nearly 75% of convictions overturned through DNA testing 




 It is not just the Fed but every vote in Congress is now a political battle. 




 When did police have to have the most unreliable evidence, eyewitness accounts, to solve murders. 




 The fixation on "no snitching" as the reason for the higher rate of unsolved murders of Black victims seems to be an attempt to excuse often shoddy police work in poorer neighborhoods. Often the victims are people police consider criminal themselves. Lets not blame poor police work on the African-American community. That's blaming the victims. 




 Or a Republican 




 That stance is too brave for Gov. Cuomo. 




 His analysis that being white saved him a trip to jail is so true. His story should make everyone understand the marijuana laws are unjust and should be repealed immediately. 




 This certainly is a way to keep track of Russians who participate for later retribution.  




 A well written look at a former Republican Congressman turned doomsday prepper. 




 Being fined is just the cost of doing business. Prison sends a message. 




 Retry, it is available. 




 We couldn't expect any other outcome. 




 Pipelines have less risk of explosion but when they do leak the damage is significantly larger. Pipeline explosions also are more catastrophic. 




 Because as you know dogs only speak in English. /s 




 This looks like the last mass murder of 2014. Hopefully this year will be a better year. 




 I regularly read the AP wire, BBC, The Guardian, the Independent, Reuters, CNBC, Bloomberg, France 24, Christian Science Monitor, ThinkProgress as well as smaller blogs and news sites. 




 I certainly have not felt that. The news media has been pumping this story hard since Snowden claimed "mission accomplished." 




 The power of a $3 billion donation from the Saudi's 




 Added: Gen Giap's ability to win wars against vastly superior forces without actually conquering his enemy is legendary. His ability to know how to use his forces in inflict the heaviest losses and to effect public opinion in the home country of his enemies was revolutionary in the art of war. 




 Diem Bien Pho was a campaign against the French in 1954 in which the French were drawn into the city and then surrounded. The French spent weeks trying to break out of the now blockaded city. Troops that were sent by road to free the city were ambushed. The campaign turned the French public against their colonization of Vietnam.

The Tet offensive was a total attack across South Vietnam by VietCong and North Vietnamese forces against US and South Vietnamese forces during Vietnamese New Year in 1968. Fighting was fierce with battles raging in many of the major cities. Supreme firepower by the US won the campaign but the violence turned a majority of Americans against the war, 




 Well that leaves maybe a quarter of the elected officials in one party. 




 What would Pope Francis do? 




 This will be taxpayer money. Churches are non-profits and are not subject to taxation. 




 Vietnamese Gen. Vo Nguyen Giap for Diem Bien Pho campaign and the Tet offensive. 




 Please explain who has dual Israeli citizenship? 




 Have we heard anything from the birthers on this situation? Renouncing your Canadian citizenship doesn't make your a natural-born American? 




 Can you say presidential candidate Cruz? 




 However, what is good for Fox may not be good for the US. /s 




 Yet, there will be no consequences for Rep. Issa. When gaining political advantage becomes more important than the facts we have a national crisis. 




 This definition stops most discussions of political movements from r/politics. When I pushed the issue I was told I was arguing with the mods. The consequence would be banning. I only asked questions.

EDITED: Added last sentence 




 When I mean all out civil war, I mean armed territories that each faction holds, ethnic cleansing and armed military actions on a daily basis by both side. They are close but the two sides are not there yet. 




 How much longer until an all out civil war breaks out in Iraq?  




 Another step towards an all out civil war. 




 This is the second mass shooting Thursday in Louisiana. 




 John Miller's reporting has always been more law enforcement PR than news gathering. 




 Maybe I've been to too many Ranger games excluding 93-94. 




 This is the beginning of a period of extreme violence in Egypt. The military has become everything Mubarak wanted it to be.  




 Hockey without beer is like winter without hockey. 




 Christmas is all about the boxes. 




 What a great beauty. Merry Christmas to Maggie and all the other kitties of the world. 




 If you cause an uprising on Reddit do you get banned? 




 This predator (humans) has the brain power to try to repair the damage it does.  




 Failed to adapt to DDT and rifles. 




 California condors and buffaloes were going extinct on their own? I don't think so. 




 I have to agree, if a species is going extinct on its own we should not be involved, However if that species is being driven extinct by human activity then there should be a debate about what humans should do. 




 This is investigative reporting at its best. This is an in depth look at how the US waged a covert war in Columbia. 




 This sounds new and fresh but it is not. For years industries have spread their contributions to supporters on both sides of the aisle. What is somewhat new is the tech industry is becoming more involved in street politics. Tech gurus have spent their money lobbying not in retail politics.  




 Phil Robertson has a free speech right. A E as his employer can say that Robertson's speech has injured the television company. 




 When does this headline read criminal charges about to be filed? 




 This amateur may have done more damage than good. Hopefully this person hasn't destroyed the value of this site. 




 David Cameron has as much sense as the last politician to say "mission accomplished," George W. Bush. 




 Just a note ThinkProgress is no longer an unacceptable domain on r/politics. 




 Worked for me. I'm not sure why your system gets that error message. 




 Like the Westboro Baptist Church there will be some open carry advocates who will use the law to make money and push the envelope. 




 It seems that thinkprogress.com has been unbanned. This is one of the four articles from thinkprogress.com today that have been allowed without receiving the unacceptable domain tag.  




 I think thinkprogress.com may be unbanned. When I posted thinkprogress.com stories before they were autobanned within 2 minutes. 




 [This post from has accepted at r/politics from the banned site, thinkprogress.com](http://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/1smyfb/lobbyists_circumvent_disclosure_rules_while/  




 This s a story from the banned r/politics site thinkprogress.com. 




 That's a good point. 




 So in Fauxland it is OK to discriminate as long as your not a government  body. For government bodies they can discriminate as long as they have a good reason.

EDITED: Spelling 




 This is why old school journos were so angry at the entire idea of selling space "above the fold" back when the issue was ad placement on paper.  




 I posted this article to r/politics and it was banned because it is from a banned domain. This domain is banned because it is blogspam. Read this article and tell me how it is blogspam? It is an example of articles posted at thinkprogress.com. Again, why is this site banned? 




 An in depth review by an award winning journalism site of how justice may be for sale in state Supreme Courts. The lack of disclosure leads to the perception that justice may not be blind. 




 Pulitzer Prize winning website turns its spotlight on the problems of the elderly and ill in prison. They explain how the elderly are held hostage by prison bureaucrats. 




 Kristallnacht was not a secret to the German people. The ethnic rivalry between Serbs and Croats is not a secret.  




 Taking collective concertize action without a union is still covered by the National Labor Relations Board. Workers will not be fired for their absence on the day but for any past infractions. 

These one-day strikes has gotten some interest with some national unions but organizing multiple locations of national company is very difficult. Add in the the transitory nature of the worker force it becomes nearly impossible. 




 What next Harvey Milk ended homophobia? 




 It is one think to face the consequences, it is another to took the blame. The question is how did CBS get this story.? If S S was given an inside track to have the book on 60 Minutes because it is an affiliate of CBS then corporate heads should role. If Logan met the guy and thought the story was credible then heads at 60 Minutes should roll as well as hers. 




 Here is the [BBC trying to put a positive face](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-25151974) on the continuing economic stagnation in the industrialized world. 




 I hope you don't think I way to go back into Iraq? The problem is we went into Iraq without a real understanding of the geopolitics of Iraq and/or the Middle East. To Bush 43 they were all Arabs. 




 Turkey believes these lands were theirs and the all Kurds are really Turkish people. By the way Turkey has entered Iraqi Kurdistan on a number of occasions since 2003 to show their territorial claims and to pursue Kurdish rebels. 




 I'm not questioning if there could have been a stable political structure built in Iraq. However, if you break it you ought to fix it. That is why the US invasion of Iraq was a fool's errand from the beginning. 




 Yes. The territorial integrity of current day Turkey is very important to the Turkish people. There are issues with the glory of the Ottoman empire and the Turkish control of a sizable part of the Middle East. 




 Twenty year before that it was the end of the one earner households. 




 Your correct but the US did change the balance of power within Iraq without an adequate political infrastructure. The new Iraq was doomed from the beginning to a violent future. 




 The Turks believe a Free Kurdistan would increase the demands that western Turkey be annexed to the new country. They fear an increase in rebel attacks. That is if the Iraqi Kurds gain independence. The Turks would believe a Syria/Iraq Kurdistan would be a direct threat to their national sovereignty.  




 Turkey has said that they will not abide with a free Kurdistan and will use military force to stop it. With Turkey being a NATO country this would have many ramifications. 




 There is a sickness in Ohio. 




 Everyday this goes on the possibility of Iraq splintering apart into three separate entities becomes more inevitable. The Kurds are banking on this to establish a formal Kurdish homeland. 




 Thee were indications in the last election that the GOP was paying people to do traditional "volunteer work." The Republicans were moving groups of supporters in and out of states to bolster operations. The problem is many of these paid workers were traditional free worker (i.e. diehard activists). 




 The anti-regulatory wing of the GOP is taking on the party's foot soldiers. This may lead to a McConnell win but may also lead some groups to bolt the party for a more politically pure party. 




 This seems to be truly wishful thinking. The economic underpinnings of most of the developed world's economies, excluding China and India, are shaky at best. We will knew when the end is near when consumers feel free to spend like they did in the first half of the last decade.  




 I think it is more likely r/politics has been rat-fucked by Republican operatives. R/politics is a valuable property and control of it would be a coup for GOP dirty tricksters. The end of r/politics as a reliable source of info on the Republican political operations would embolden the GOP to continue to fight against one person - one vote. 




 When workers don't have the resources to buy the goods they make it is a sign that the economy is going to tank. 




 This is a joint project with "This American Life." The stories take an in-depth look at how housing discrimination continues till today with little or no federal enforcement.  




 The understanding of abstract concepts allows students to develop critical thinking skills. Plus algebra two is just rudimentary math in these days of advanced technology. 




 A great look at the the problems of stopping off-shore crimes. The Center for Public Integrity has been been doing groundbreaking work on this subject for the last year. 




 It is amazing in this day and age that young conservatives are so self-absorbed that they didn't realize the reaction their stupid prank would engender. 




 A deep dive into Medicare. This story shows how Medicare doesn't even take the simply steps to curb cost overruns.  




 U/theredditpope has been at the center of the controversy at r/politics. Beyond the banning of sites he has been forcing people to delete posts if they wanted to remain on r/politics. He has deleted posts from discussions without telling the poster. He has refused to listen to criticism and ridiculed redditors on r/politics on other subreddits. His actions will reflect on any site that wants him as a mod.

I wouldn't be a mod on any site he is associated with. He represents the worst of reddit.

It is your choice but I feel you are devaluing r/politic. 

The struggle at r/politics is not limited to one single subreddit but it is actually a fight for the future of reddit as an open and free community. It may sound melodramatic but there are political forces outside of reddit who want to stifle the influence this site has on the internet. It may sound conspiratorial but there is enough evidence to believe this is what is happening. 




 U/theredditpope has been a leader of the censorship efforts at r/politics. By making him a mod at r/politic you are giving him political cover. There is no reason for him to be a mod at this site except to make himself look good. Read his comment history and say that he is an appropriate mod for this site. 




 Que? 




 The House has ethics rules but they just don't use them.  




 The Kasich miracle is not such a miracle. 




 This is someone who thought he was going to be chosen as the next Secretary of Homeland Security. 




 Eric Cantor is taking after Gerald Ford who couldn't walk and chew gum. 




 Nothing in that statement is even slightly factually unsound. Yet this kind of statement gets you labelled a 'denier' in the same vein as a holocaust denier? Can't you see that it's this shit right here that turns so many people against the climate debate?

[Most people are not against climate change science.](http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2013/nov/13/climate-change-red-state-opinion-america-study) 




 Solar panels increase the profitability of electric companies but they are asking the utility commission to add a monthly fee to solar panel users. There is something real wrong here. 




 The House is to busy doing nothing to take up important legislation. With 2014 being an election year the likelihood of the House passing immigration reform in in 2014 is nil to none. 




 But there is only one party as policy which is racist, homophobic, xenophobic, anti-gay, anti-transgender, anti-woman, anti-labor, anti-poor, climate deniers and supports policies against poor and working people. Not  a complete list. 




 When George Bush the younger was president no one counted the number of Dems or Reps on a particular bench before deciding if one of his appointments should be approved. For the GOP there is no limits to the ways they will try to maintain their failing fortunes. 




 This just in: The American public wants to take back some of the wealth that is being stolen from them. 




 Well that certainly is a reason to gun down a group of people. /s 




 A fascinating look into the Ayatollah Khamenei's financial empire. 




 That doesn't seem to be a lot of money for Bank of America. When we talk about tens of billions that would get the bank's attention. 




 The smog adds a multiplier effect. Smoking + smog = geometric increase in lung cancer cases. 




 There is no marketplace for Iranian oil at this time because of the embargo. They would take a lower price to get hard currency into their coffers. 




 But would Iran or even Iraq go along with OPEC when they are in desperate need of cash? 




 But OPEC no longer has a stranglehold on oil prices. OPEC could try to hold back their product from the marketplace but there is a real possibility their efforts would fail. 




 Just because you don't use your mod account doesn't make you any less of a mod. I think it would be better to own your mod position and your politics. 




 That is right when the Seminoles said it was OK the issue was settled. That is not true for NFL's Washington team or the American League's Cleveland team.

Those who demand political orthodoxy are not the "PC crowd" but the political right, who use litmus tests on a number of issues before you can join their inner sanctum.

I find it poor taste for an r/politics mod to diss progressives so cavalierly.  




 If you substitute a derogatory terms for African-Americans or Jews or Hispanics would you still said that. Non-Native people cannot decide for Native Americans what they feel is an insult and/or a demeaning term for a football team 




 As I've said several times the mods want to take the politics out of r/politics. 




 I personally am not a journalist, nor do I need to have a degree as one.

Now that your expertise has been established, please go sit in the corner with the mods. Please let those of us who know and love politics run our site. 




 Thanks, AdelleChattre for reaching out to Wonkette.com. This site was in the forefront of progressive political reporting on the internet. This means very little to the mods who probably were still in diapers when Wonkette was a must read. 




 For more analysis on other marijuana legalization efforts read [Thinkprogress](http://thinkprogress.org/justice/2013/11/06/2898651/cities-voted-remove-penalties-marijuana-possession/) 




 For a more detailed analysis of this poll [see Thinkprogress.](http://thinkprogress.org/health/2013/11/06/2900771/obamacare-public-opinion-press/) 




 I"m sorry if it seems like I was singling you out. I was making a point to a large number of responses I had to that post both publicly and privately. I understand that you can still post, read and vote on r/politics after you unsubscribe. The act of unsubscribing says to the mods that they are winning by driving out the undesirable elements. By staying we say we will not be driven out by your arbitrary actions meant to drive away progressives. 




 Cutting back food stamp subsidies will certainly make this number go up. Thank you Republicans. 




 I understand why some want to unsubscribe, However, it is known fact those in power will never back down without a fight. When you say I can resubscibe you are saying you are willing to come back after some us do the hard work. I understand you don't want all this chatter invading your computer. Don't want to fight that is OK.Then just stay and cheer those of us who are willing. If we lose then unsubscribe. Don't give up the fight before the battle has begun. 




 It takes a whole subreddit. Stay and fight do not unsubscribe.  




 Happy cake day. You have a present from the mods. After the mods broke r/politics they promise they will fix it at some unspecified time in the future. Have a nice day. 




 We don't really need apologizes. We need a full reexamination of the changes. Why is it so hard to say they were wrong and scrap what they have done up until now. The mods now have our attention. Let's do this together and do it right. 




 Don't unsubscribe that is what those who are trying to break apart r/politics want. If we want to bring politics back to r/politics we have to stay and fight. 




 Have to second your post. I would also point out adding 10 ten new mods and then instituting new posting policies seven days later has the feel of a coup. Especially when the new mods were not involved with r/politics before being elevated to mod status. 




 Keep up the good work. There is no way we will allow the mods to take the politics out of r/politics. 




 Published in [Macromolecules 2013, 46 (15), pp. 6209](http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/ma4011457) 




 Yes but drugs on the reservations are a major problem for a significant number of tribes. Many reservations are drug and alcohol free to follow in their ancestors way and forsake the White culture. The chances that a tribe would do this would legalize marijuana is very small. In fact if the national prohibition ends reservations would probably be one of the last places in the country where you could not smoke. 




 The idea that the mods of r/politics have no idea of the Daily Mail's political culture is a sign of your inexperience and political naivete.
 




 Think what the reaction would have been five years ago? 




 You take on Snooves, who once tried to ban me for posting too frequently from the AP. I want to expand it to the current state of the mods.

Mods like GuitarFreak027 and avnerd have little or no interest in r/politics looking at their user histories. Yet these two mods got or retained full permissions on this site. Others like maxwellhill, anutensil, mrmajorly and Samuel_Gompers who used to have full mod status are relegated to secondary roles even though they are regular participants.

It is these actions along with the banned list that make it seem like there has been a coup. When we look at the political make up of the mods the site has seemed to take a severe turn to the right. This is not a left or progressive site put it does have a majority of users who are left of center. 

The community didn't lose default status because we were too left but because the discussion too often was toxic. The way to improve the site is not to kick out those left of center but to moderate the tone of the community.

The mods have lost the trust of many us and we ask them to reconsider their decisions and restart. There is no shame in going back and redoing what has already been done. I don't see any other way for the mods to regain our trust.

Take a deep breathe and lets give it another try. 




 It is not a loophole but a recognition by the federal government that Native peoples are sovereign peoples living within the borders of the US. They follow our federal laws just like other states but they can make their own local laws. Even under these circumstances Native people populate the US military in greater proportions to their actual population than any other racial group in this country. So I don't see they are getting anything that they don't deserve or are owed. 




 Tribes have casinos, do not collect cigarette taxes, have their own justice system not because some state which was built on and around their lands gave them anything. Tribal rights are protected by treaties just like the ones the US has with most of the nations of the world. Understand Native peoples were here before there were states. 




