









 Hey guys,

I know that heroic and normal raid instances now no longer have *instance lock* and instead have a *loot lock*. So that if you've cleared BRF, you can still do BRF on the same difficulty, you will just not get loot

Just looking for some clarification.

How does this work with extending previous weeks raid IDs? If I clear 9/10 on normal, then extend that raid ID the next week and form a raid. Would we still have all the bosses in that raid? Or would it be cleared up till the 10th boss?

Cheers in advance

edit: typos

 




 So while I didn't mind the last movie in the Hobbit triology, there was one portion of the final battle which really rustled my jimmies. **(Spoiler warning)**

It was after the face off between the 500 battle hardened dwarves and the thousands of elves. So they have a little tiff then the orc army arrives. The dwarves (hard arses as they're) form up a 3 stacked high phalanx in front of the army ("AWESOME" I thought..).

THEN, right as the orc army hit this phalanx then elves dive over the top of this wall and go into free form combat. WTF Jackson, thats just retarded. You're telling me that an army of thousands of elves can't see the tactical blunder of diving OVER a wall of phalanx'd dwarves, forcing them to break their formation? YOU DIDNT EVEN FIRE A SINGLE ARROW. Stupid. Also eagle ex machina can DIAF

Gah, pointless rant is over. 




 ...The Australia v New Zealand final will be epic? :D

Fuck me, yesterday was all over the place. After having such a good start we just feel appart. I was pretty much done when bmac started opening up. Then that final half! Oh god, my 'nus was tight. 

We've now seen how the aussies can handle a NZ pitch and crowd, lets see how NZ handles an aussie pitch and crowd! Excited as hell!!!! 




 Hey guys,

Growing up I used to get horrible nightmares. I think it was because I had an over active imagination combined with an older brother who would relentlessly try to scare the shit out of me by jumping at me from around corners at night.

Either way, I remember it actually being rather debilitating. What started happening was that I discovered a way to wake up from dreams. I would (in the dream) shut my eyes and *poof*, I was awoken. Still to this day I can still do it, normally when a dream is about to turn south.

It was not until recently that I actually started to realise what was going on, that I could become conscious to the fact that I was dreaming and thus control what was happening. Most of the time I never thought to try a control what was going on when I became aware but it meant that if shit was about to go down, I had an out.

Is this a standard thing, do most discover lucid dreaming by accident? 



















 Hey guys, 

I've been having an on going argument with someone about the main reason for why BCCI opposes using the UDRS.

The reason I keep seeing over and over again is because BCCI feel that the system is fundamentally flawed and that unless it can be 100% correct, its not worth implementing.

My friend has said that that's wrong and the REAL reason for why they oppose UDRS is because they feel its unfair to implement a system which maybe too expensive to setup in other countries.

Help us out with this disagreement, are we both right? Both wrong?

Some sources would help 



















 Did anyone else not want to have anything to do with this kid?

Everytime he appears I always choose the option to not talk to him or not reveal anything, even after everything that happened in the second episode I still am suspicious of Cerseis spies lol 



















 I've seen this quote from the 1993 outline being posted all over the place as **proof** that GRRM has lost interest and *that's* why his writing has slowed down.

I don't think this alarmist approach is correct. Read the whole paragraph in context.

**As you know, I don't outline my novels. I find that if I know exactly where a book is going, I lose all interest in writing it**. I do, however, have some strong notions as to the overall structure of the story I'm telling, and the eventual fate of many of the principle characters in the drama. Roughly speaking, there are three major conflicts set in motion in the chapters enclosed.

By omitting the first sentence of the quote you can't see that GRRMs quote is about providing detailed outlines of his story. Since we know from multiple interviews that GRRM knows the destination but not the route to get there so this is hardly him admitting defeat.

I honestly am excited by this leak, I feel... Sated. For the first time in a long time with this series. Its sadly the first piece of TWOW news (pseudo-news anyway) in a very long time. I very much doubt we'll get any more morsels till the book comes out.

 




 What the title says


That was so fucking hilarious lol 




 Hey guys,

There are a bunch of really exciting episodes coming up, but I'm still fairly new to Telltale. When they set a date for releasing an episode, what time do they normally release it? (please post replies with timezones)

I'm asking because as an aussie, this can be the difference between playing it on the day of release or days after :P 




 Hey guys,

I've been playing Pathfinder for around a month now and while I'm having a ball with my level 4 summoner I'm nearing the stage where I could use some input on building her further.

For a quick rundown (be aware, I'm going off memory - there may be some missed info), I have a level 4 half-elf natures call summoner with a bipedal rock golem eidolon. She has a master worked light xbow and a quarter staff. I've taken spell focus conjur and augment summoner as my feats. For spells I have:

*Level 1:* Grease, mage armor and lesser rejuv eidolon

*level 2:* Bull strength and haste

My eidolon is medium sized with the power attack feat and has the following evolutions:

- Imp natural def

- Imp attack (slam)

- Imp attack (claw)

- Pounce

- Reach

- Ability score increase


So with that being said, what are good choices for spells/feats/skills for future levels?

Also for eidolon evolutions, feats etc


 




 Hey guys,

A friend is about to DM a 5e campaign for us, I've been away from 5e for many months and I could use some inspiration!

Now I know its a very broad question, but I'd appreciate any cool character concepts you've worked with. Or any battle tested characters!
 




 Hey,

So I've finally gotten to The West Wing in my list of shows to watch and I've since been binge watching it. After the second episode I instantly got addicted to it, they did such a good job of establishing characters **quickly**, so I was already invested in them that early on.

Not many shows can do that. So anyway, I literally *just* finished season 4 and I'm itching for my work day to finish so I can rush home and find out what happens with Zoey. (please no spoilers)

Just thought I would muse out loud about how impressive the show is, The Wire has a challenger for best drama.

What are the remaining seasons like in comparison?

I've also developed a drinking game with 1 rule which will get you fucked up.

1) Any time someone knocks on a door interrupting a conversation and enters, take a drink.

Seriously, it happens a lot. 




 Hey guys, 

Our group finally had its first Pathfinder session yesterday and it was so much fun I figured I would regale you with the session! Holy shit, 2900 words. This is a big one.

Just as background, we were following a unnamed pre-made campaign so don't drop spoilers please :). We have a total of 6 PC's (due to working schedules, some cant always make it) and due to several of us never having played Pathfinder, we opt'd for something a little bit more fun when it came to character creation..... Completely random! 

Several of us randomed gender, class, race, archytype etc. Fuck it made some fun creations. Luckily for me, I rolled a half-elf summoner which just so happens to be rather ideal. Unfortunately one of our PC's rolled a female gnome samurai! Our GM was nice enough to allow some changes to make the fluff/stats work (removed the gnomes -2 str by adding some fun fluff about the character).

So after all that we ended up with the following team:

- Half-elf summoner with a bipedal rock golem named Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson
- Chilaxian magus
- Gnome samurai riding his wolf steed of doom
- Half orc druid with his pet gorilla called Mojo Jojo
- Gnome oracle
- Dwarf alchymist (away for the session)

Quite a team right? Our 7 hour first session started in the large city known as Korvosa, we all had to write our own personal reasons for being in the city and were also given a connection to an evil man named Gaedran. Varying from being responsible for selling our druid and his gorilla or from being connected to the murderer of the summoner's father, this was a bad dude.

The story begins with an explanation for each of us by the GM that we all have received a mysterious card in some fashion which explains very briefly that they know how Gaedran has wronged them and that we should meet at 6pm at this address.

Driven by revenge and hatred all of the party converged at this rather suave house by 6pm to be met by an open door and a note explaining that Zolara will be returning shortly and to make ourselves at home. What a strange room this was, regal and elaborate tapestries and expensive furniture was all over the house. The group of misfits all meet each other for the first time (minus the oracle and the samurai, the players had not arrived IRL yet).

Some shakey introductions were said, as it turns out a rock golem and a gorilla in a strangers living room make for a great social lubricant. The magus feels a strange magical presence with the room, specifically the walls. Hes not sure what to make of this strange magical feeling.

Zolara finally appears after we've all gotten to know each other, she explains how Gaedran has wronged her and taken all she holds dear, a family Tarot (cant remember the actualy name) deck of cards. She explains how we have all been wronged by the same man who appears to be above the law and has escaped justice for too long. She has charged us with a quest to seek out this horrible man and end his reign of terror, our party is supplied with the address of his known base of operations. "Whats in it for us" states the reward hungry magus. Zolara explains that she cannot pay us for our services but we're welcome to anything we loot from Gaedran's hideout and she is willing to tell our fortunes for us.

After we all have had our fortunes told, we agree to take out this evil bastard who has made our lives worse in some way. Gaedran's hideout is a merchants warehouse which hangs over the city's river. As the party reaches the outskirts of the hideout. We devised a plan. The magus will sneak to one side of the building to try to peak in through the borded up windows, the summoner would do the same on the other side and the druid will check the back of the house.

The druid discovered that the deck which hangs over the river has a door leading inside of the building, after telling the summoner he would climb up the hatch with his gorrilla and attack the house from within after we came in through the front. He was just awaiting our signal.

Neither the summoner or magus could seem to get a good look in the windows. After a failed attempt to climb to the roof, the magus asks Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson for a boost onto the room to peer in. While the rock golem rolled well for a strength test, the magus rolled poorly on an acrobatic test which caused him to almost fall off the roof. "Roll a perception test" the GM asks, both the summoner and magus are told "You hear a loud splash". We both are busy so we think nothing of it. What was that splash? It was the sound of a massive half orc druid being retarded and falling into the water after trying to climb under the deck.

"Roll a perception test" the GM tells the druid while smiling like an idiot. "There is a shark rushing towards you :)". Oh fuck, the druid frantically tries to get to the waters edge, after rolling poorly on swim tests, the druid is stuck mere feet from safety before the shark attacks him and takes a chunk of HP off him. He tries to attack the shark to little avail. His gorilla bravely jumps on the shark to try to save his master. After a battle where both druid and companion finally defeat the shark, the fatigue of battle took its toll on them and after several attempts to swim back to shore blood was in the water. The druid didn't know it, but another shark was hot on their trail. The druid finally reaches the shore just in time, 1 more turn and the shark would've reached him.

After finally reaching the shore, his critically injured gorilla is told to convalesce on the shore while he returns to help with the seige. During all of this, the magus gently pulls the roof shingles appart and gains a detailed view of the warehouse's layout. All of this commotion has spooked the inhabitants however. He witnesses several armed men rushing young people to arms for battle. They're heading towards the front double door.

After warning the summoner of this, they prepare for a fight. The magus casts enlarge on The Rock and the summoner casts mage armor. The Rock positions himself in front of the front door to block it. The defenders open the door to a 10 foot tall rock monsters! As a response, the summoner casts grease across the floor infront of the door, this causes several of the tightly packed warriors to fall over in front of this massive rock golem. First turn goes to The Rock, who after seeing a half orc warrior proned on the ground decides nows the time for **The People's Elbow** ;). After doing damage to the half orc and repelling damage from all sources inside the house (AC 18 FTW) and with help from crossbow fire from the summoner and from the flanking magus. We were able to finish off all but 1 of the attackers. Dwayne sees a caster hiding at the back of the room, he decides to barrel past the mob in front of him, through the grease with the intention of barreling into the caster like a bowling ball. Despite the promise of a hilarious maneuver,  a horrible acrobatics roll resulted in The Rock tripping over and squashing the last enemy in front of him. While this is happening the druid bashes through the side door intent on reaching the fight.

After a successful perception check, the summoner and magus see a gnome warrior trying to flank them, the magus makes quick work of him. Everyone enters the main room and corners the caster. The druid wants this guy dead in a thousand ways since he sees him as responsible for his gorilla getting hurt. He kills him, cuts his head off and is rather brutal about it.

After a quick search of the remaining rooms, we discover the room which the deck overhangs river. In this room are a dozen terrified captured children. The summoner rolls well with diplomacy and convinces the children that they're safe and can leave, they all get up and run out of the house.

[**Ran out of room,  continued in comments.**](http://www.reddit.com/r/Pathfinder_RPG/comments/2q1a5x/summary_of_our_first_pathfinder_session_warning/cn1wzub) 




 Post your favourite family connections between characters in the series :)

Ill start, Samwell Tarly is a first cousin once removed to Selyse Baratheon, which would make Stannis a first cousin once removed *in law*? 



















 So what struck me as odd is the seemingly missed time between Juice being handed over to the Sons and him being handed his cut back. At first it looks like Juice is being planted to try to assassinate Linn to *get good* with the club. What if thats a secondary purpose?

Heres what I think happend during the off screen conversation between Jax and Juice. Juice breaks down and admits he was present at Tara's crime scene, explains that Gemma was responsible. Jax decides to use Juice as a trojan horse to both kill Lin in prision and to feed the *killer* to Jarry.... Not Gemma. Marks. IIRC Juice still has the gun? If not, its obviously not impossible for Juice to have some sort of proof of his connection to the crime.

What if Juice is to frame Marks for the murder of Tara and the Sheriff and to assassinate Lin, that would be a two birds with 1 stone. This would then open up Jax's revenge to Gemma for Tara.

It very much as the feel for what SoA does towards the end of a series and fits the narative.

That being said, I'm probably wrong. Who knows. It probably is the case that Juice will just turn in Gemma, Jax wanting to kill Marks himself seems probable. 




 Hey guys,

I'm an Australian and have been raiding since vanilla. After raiding for almost 10 years on 200-400ms, I have no idea what to expect.

Can anyone shed light on what its going to be like raiding on double digit latency? How noticeable of a difference is it? I'm obviously asking those who have experienced both overseas latency and domestic latency.
 




 Hey guys,

Question is in the title, I'm going to be playing a pathfinder campaign in a few months and I was wondering if there are any major things I should know, I've primarily played 4e and 5e over the past year and a bit.

Thanks :) 




 Hey guys,

I thought some HYPE would help out with our TWOW woes. A comment from GRRM on his blog has made me realise how much fun this subreddit is going to be after AWOIAF is released. When asked about spoilers to the books, he stated:

**[Most of the material contained within is history, set centuries before the events depicted in the novels, so spoilage should be minimal... but there are very passages that will give things away, yes.](http://grrm.livejournal.com/384996.html?thread=19621860#t19621860)**

So despite a missing word in the last sentence (I think its **few**?), there is going to be some serious combing through the bookies for any tiny scrapes. I'm very much looking forward to new theories which will be contrived after October 28th! :D

  




 Hey guys,

I was as shocked and annoyed as all of you when S4 ended without an awesome scene where Merrit Frey gets killed and there is the big Lady Stoneheart reveal. But I'm not yet worried about her character being completely cut from the show, I think most of this talk about her perhaps not being introduced is bullshit and misdirection by D D and Co.

If you look at the books, apart from her reveal at the end of ASOS she doesn't appear until well into AFFC when Brienne encounters her. Since S5 looks to be putting the focus on Dorne rather than the Riverlands, it is perfectly reasonable to think that she may be introduced later on in the season. They can't just have the Brotherhood disappear without and further information. 

What do you think? Are you as optimistic as me?

**TL:DR - I'm not yet convinced that Lady Stoneheart has been cut completely yet (no pun intended). I think she will be revealed towards the back end of season 5.** 














 So the idea has been going around for quite some time that Gemma has to be killed by Jax.

She doesn't have to be murdered. Obviously Jax has to learn about Gemma being the culprit eventually and once he does, this is going to be a massive conflict for him (I'm really looking forward to that scene). But how about instead of Jax executing her, he imposes something more painful. Exile.

What if Jax turns her in to the police, what would cause the most amount of physical and emotional pain for Gemma? To lose her family and to lose her freedom. You heard it right here, Gemma heart will give out and she will die while she is locked away in prision. It may be more cathartic for Jax to know that the person who killed the one he loved is behind bars for the remained of their life.

What do you think? I guess Occam's razor points towards a gun shot to the back of the head. 




 .... Giving Gemma up to the club?
I mean, could it be a last ditch effort for him to reveal that Gemma was the killer? It would be his word against hers, but who knows? Juice is rather desperate.

I love it when you put typos in the title and can't edit it  -.- 




 Hey guys,

I was having a read through the PHB and thought up a new PC I could make.

The idea is a human beast master (doesn't have to be a beast master, just seems cool) ranger, equipped with two hand crossbows, with the crossbow mastery feat. From a flavour stand point, I love the idea of firing two hand cross bows in combat while stealthing around with a wolf.

What I was working out was around which fighting style to choose. I could go either the archer (+2 to hit with range) or two weapon fighting (+mod to offhand attacks). Its a toss up to me, bonus to hit or bonus damage to offhand, I'm leaning to bonus to hit.

I would have to carry around a lot of crossbow bolts though, shooting twice a turn is rather costly haha

What do you think about this PC? Stupid? Awesome? Stupidly awesome? Perhaps there is a rule I may have missed or something cooler i've missed? 




 Hey guys,

This may have been obvious to some, but I missed it. On my current re read I noticed a potential play on words that the kindly man used when Arya tried to ask about Jaqen Ha'gar.  In Arya II of AFFC after she mentions Jaqen's name, the kindly man responds by saying:

"I know **no one** by this name, child."

I guess its not technically a lie :P

 




 Hey guys,

*Obligatory 'sorry if this has been posted before' notation*

On my recent re-read, I picked up on a quote in Danny III (ADWD). When she was approached by Xaro on behalf of Qarth, he warned her that while her dragons (when small) were a marvel, her fully grown dragons are:

"....death and devastation, a **flaming sword** above the world."

An interesting choice of phrase since we're all trying to work out what/who Lightbringer will be. Now I'm of the opinion that Azor Ahai won't be Danny, she fits the prophecy too well, too early into the series. Perhaps thats just wishful thinking for Jon to be Azor Ahai :P

But the the concept that the dragons are Lightbringer seems entirely plausible :)
 




 Put yourself in Arya's shoes at Harrenhal. Jaqen has thanked you for saving him and asked for 3 names from you. Knowing what you know now, who would you name? 




 ...abandon his rendezvous with Dany? You would think that a joining of their forces would be advantageous to Tyrions want for revenge.

Perhaps he figured that Aegon and the Golden company is enough to assault Westeros?

Any theories?  









 Hey guys,

There is lots of talk about what will happen with Jon's assassination but little about the volatile political situation at the wall. With the three factions (wildlings, Stannis supporters and the NW) living in a strained relationship, how will this *murder of crows* (coining it) affect the alliance?

Do you think we'll see anarchy? Perhaps the annihilation of the NW? 




 Hey guys,

I've been looking into potentially playing a new PC, I initially wanted go a wood elf monk with a quarter staff. But upon thinking about it, thematically I love the idea of a druid/monk multiclass. 

So ill still go a hermit wood elf monk/druid, but when shit goes down I turn into a bear or a wolf. Is the idea of a bear doing a flurry of blows completely retarded?

What do you think? Has anyone done this before? 




 Hey guys,

I had a shower thought about a quote from season 4.

Dany is told that due to the size of the Meereenese navy, she has enough ships to bring her army to Westeros. IIRC, in the books she does not have this transport available. 

Could this be evidence that the show intends to either drastically shorten the Greyjoys involvement or completely cut them from Danys story? Of course in the books the Greyjoys have quite a few links to the main story, Euron and his dragon horn etc. And there are also several prophecies around Krakens. Could the show be setting up to remove the need for the Greyjoy fleet to simplify the Dany arc?

I would like to add that I hope I'm wrong, I love Euron and would love to see him come to life on screen. 




 I'm an idiot, its taken me this long to realise that Stannis's sword is not some form of ancient magic sword from a god. Its a glamor by Mel. The description of a normal sword with crazy awesome fire rippling through the blade yet it is cold to the touch and doesn't burn, is exactly how a glamour would work.

This as well as the show only scene in season 4 where Mel essentially tells Selyse that she has a potion for every kind of deception spell to convince people of her *truth*. 

In short, I'm a goose for not connecting those dots earlier. 




 Here is the 4th session of our LMoP campaign! Its been a real blast so far and this one was the conclusion of the Redbrand Ruffian hideout. To read the [3rd part click here](http://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/2f505e/our_dd_5e_experience_with_lmop_so_far_session_3/). Links to the previous sessions are in each thread.

Here is our current roster for this session:

- Human bow fighter 

- Tiefling sorcerer

- Dragonborn barbarian

- Pirate themed tanky fighter

- Dwarf control wizard (Player away this week)

- Human GWF fighter

We pick up where we left off in session 3, we've just killed the giant penis monster (nothic) and we've discovered a magic invisible wall! We heal our wounded players and head out. The bow fighter asks that the fighter go first with him behind him, they pass through the invisible wall. and cautiously walk down the hallway, the fighter hears some movement in the room and decides to bust down the door. He sees a man in wizards robes writing away on some parchment with a glass staff next to him... Wait a minute, we're looking for a bad guy called *Glass Staff* **DUN DUN DUNNNNNNNNNN**. The shoe drops and the fighter points his sword at the wizard "stop what you're doing, you're under arrest" the wizard stands up, smiles and says a magical word. He casts charm on the fighter, the fighter fails his wis saving throw miserably. He is now convinced that this wizard is his best friend. The bow fighter fires an arrow at the wizard, he hits and does some damage. everyone else piles into the room. The fighter yells "Dont hit my friend" and charges at the bow fighter, grappling him successfully to the ground. The pirate charges at the wizard and does some damage and the other two do some damage to him as well. I should note that the DM upped the HP of the Glass Staff to around 80 HP because he had a feeling he would die too easily. 

After that first round of combat, it comes around to the bow fighters turn, he tries to break  the grapple and fails. In the fighters turn, he faces his attention to the pirate wailing on his new buddy wizard. He tries to crash tackle into him, rolls very poorly and ends up smacking his face into the side of the bed, hes knocked out for a turn. The wizard opens a door behind him and disengages through it past 3 of his friends in the next room. Everyone piles in and charges the ruffians. They're taken care off easily. The wizard backs into a corner and falls to his knees in submission "Ill tell you everything, please don't hurt me!". What a pussy. The wizard explains that he is just an agent of another called The Black Spider, a drow. He is at the echo wave cave, there are only two more rooms left in the hideout and there are several bugbears, one of them knows the location of the black spider. Jesus, we didn't even have to torture this guy. The fighter starts going through his quarters and finds some cool shit, brings it back to the group. He is kind of ashamed of his behavior and appologises to the group.

They tie up the wizard and gag him, you going to jail. They decide to have a short rest since that wizard did a number on everyone. around 40 minutes into their rest the door gets bashed down. Oh o. This is all very small quarters fighting, the ruffians come through the door one at a time, this is tricky shit. After the first one dies, it opens up a gap to get into the other room. The sorcerer tries to cast again, wild magic kicks in... He rolls confusion. What a cock head. All players within 10 feet need to roll d10 in their turn to see what they do. Everyone affected either does nothing or is unaffected. It comes to the fighters turn. He rolls a 1. That means that he runs full distance in a randomised direction. Roll a d8, 1 or 2 and he runs at the other room. Rolls another 1. He sprints full speed past 3 ruffians and a bugbeag, they all get opportunity attacks. The fighter gets reasonably lucky and only ends up being brought down to 0 HP. Fuck this sorcerer man. Hes knocked unconscious. Thats right, a few hours in and this fighter has done nothing helpful lol.

The rest of the team is able to kill the remaining Ruffians and are able to lap around the side of the bugbear. With advantage they're able to bring the fucker down without any further deaths. The experience is given. BOOM!. Level up. Everyone is back to full hit points. Lucky for that, the fighter is hurting like a bitch. They all prepare themselves, they know there is another 2 bugbears in the other room. FOR SPARTA. With some clever positioning the team is able to position it so the bug bears get disadvantage in their opening round, and combined with a decent surprise round, we're able to take down the last two bugbears without any deaths :D

The bigger bugbear appears to still be alive, the fighter and the bow fighter try to interogate him, they fail miserably. The Barb says "Dont do it like that" he approaches the bugbear and says "If you don't tell us what we want to know, ill start cutting body parts off, you're not dead yet" after rolling a natural 20 on his intimidation check, the bugbear tells us everything about the Black Spider including where he is and where Cragmaw castle is. 

That was it, we returned the wizard to the town leader for prison transfer. Overall we had a great time, I was playing the fighter and I was having fun even though I ended up doing fuck all due to some funny circumstances lol.

Sadly it was a shorter session, but what ever. Still awesome.

We're taking this next week off, but Ill try to post the 5th session when it occurs :)

Too be continued.... 









 These are time consuming but fun to write, we did our 4th session last night and it was rather hysterical, ill try to get to writing it asap. [Here is part 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/2ew9qq/our_dd_5e_experience_with_lmop_so_far_session_2/) for those who want to go back and read. The first session can be found in the above link too.

Here is our current roster for this session:

- Human bow fighter (Player away for this week)

- Tiefling sorcerer

- Dragonborn barbarian

- Pirate themed tanky fighter

- Dwarf control wizard

- Human GWF fighter

From the second session, we left of at the entrance to the Redbrand Ruffian manor. We entered the first room, all is quiet on the western front. We all spread out and check the room out, check out all the barrels nothing too exciting to see. The GWF fighter wants to inspect the water. He approaches and rolls well for his investigation. You find a rope leading into the water, what does he do?.... Pull it out of course, lets hope for no nasty traps. Quite the contrary, CASH MONIES plus a potion of heath and invisibility. (The idea came up to force feed the potion of invisibility to the bow fighters pet hawk so he can't find him anymore haha). Roll a perception check again GWF, rolls well. You hear voices coming from behind the door next to the water feature, it sounds like people scuffling and donning armor. Fuck this shit, the fighter says. I ain't no bitch. He kicks the door down and charges in. 3 baddies half dressed barely with their weapons out. CHARRGEEEEEEEE! Yells the fighter, he goes all out and explodes the first dude with a massive strike, then with his bonus attack wounds the next one. His teammates charge in afterwards and kill the last dudes in there within the surprise round. What is this fighters problem? Apparently has something to prove.

After looting these bastards the pirate points out the other door in that first room, the fighter runs point, jesus this guy is keen. Sure hope nothing happens. "Place your miniatures where you want to be in this hallway" the DM asks, the fighter puts his front and center half way down the hall. Hes clearly not the smartest in the bunch. Oops. Triggers a fall away trap. A narrowly passed dex check allows him to luckily grab onto the ledge as the floor falls away. When will this fighter learn. (Btw, I'm playing the fighter haha. Hes an overzealous soldier easily lost in the moment, so much goddamn fun.). The barb jumps the gap with the tiefling and they proceed to throw a rope down to the dumb fighter and try to pull him up. Not to be outdone, the pirate throws the dwarf wizard over the gap (nobody tosses a dwarf) after a failed athletics check to get the heavy stupid fighter up the pirate assists and he gets up without further issue. The dwarf notices that there is a latch on the other side of the pit which activates the door. He tries to communicate with us this fact (if you've not read my other sessions, this dwarf cannot speak our tongue and can only understand us when he casts a communicate spell). We all fail our perception checks (to see if we see what hes pointing at) and we think hes dancing. We dance too.

After this, the fighter is funnily enough pretty reserved. All it took was a almost fall into a 30 ft pit, what do you know. The party enters the next room, 3 coffins. Coooooool. Everyone spreads out a bit, then we hear a noise. Oh god! The skeletons are alive! 3 skeletons engage the poor party. Some damage is taken, but overall they're easily beaten. That was spooky. The pirate opens 1 coffin, the dwarf another and the barb opens the last while the rest of the party investigate the doors in the room. The pirate notices a platnium ring on the corpse in the coffin, he passes a sleight of hand check and pockets it without saying a word. The Barb finds one and tells the group, the dwarf also finds one, he likes shiny things he starts dancing with it waving it at the group. "Oh cool, hey Mr Pirate did you happen to see a ring in your coffin? There was a platnum ring in the other two" "Nah man, no ring" says the pirate, deception check. Passes, only just though. Fighter rolls an insight check, fails miserably. "Oh well, guess we can't always be lucky can we!" exclaims the convinced fighter.

The dwarf performs an arcane check on the ring, he wants it to be magical! Rolls a natural 1, "Your PC is **convinced** that this ring is the most powerful magic item on the planet". In response to this revelation, the Dwarf puts the ring on his finger and holds it in the air like He-mans sword. The Fighter tries to open one of the doors, his hand is blocked by some warding spell. Damn. The tiefling does an arcana check and notices that it is protected by an Elvish warding spell and notices a word on the top of the door written in Elvish. No one know the language, damn. Oh well, lets check out the other room. This one is unlocked, the fighter puts his ear to the door. "You hear a woman whimpering". "Don't worry ma'am, Ill save you!" says the fighter as he opens the door. He hears a whoosh then a thud as a throwing axe hits the door frame next to him. Oh, shit. More bandits. The fighter yanks the axe out of the wall and throws it at the closest ruffian and charges in to take another swing (with negs because I tried to do something that was cool sounding) and missed.

The ruffians take swings at the fighter and do some damage as his party members come in and help out. They dispatch the remaining dudes. There is a woman huddled in a cage, the dragonborn barbarian is sick of her whimpering and yells at her to stop crying. What do you know, its made it worse lol. The fighter manages to calm her down, this dude is charismatic as fuck. She manages to stop sobbing to let them know that she was taken hostage after her family was killed by the ruffians. We ask about a key to open the door in the other room, she says that shes never seen anyone with a key, she does how ever keep hearing a funny word that they say in the other room. She tells them the funny sounding word. The tiefling puts it all together (apparently hes seen LOTR). He goes over to the door and says the word. Nothing. The fighter pipes up "You're not saying it right, let me try" the fighter says the word. "Does your fighter still have his redbrand cloak on?" the DM asks, yes he does. The door opens. "See, whose the sorcerer now.". After they release the woman and let her know that there is a ledge over the pit that she can move across, they all pack into the hallway and take a right. Its an armory. Nothing exciting in here. The pirate scores a crossbow, hes pretty happy about that.

Everyone is confused, they check the room. No exits or trap doors. Back into the hallway. Everyone checks the walls for any secret doors. The fighter falls through the invisible magic wall in the corner. When they enter the room. Everyone is cautious as they hear a noise, something inhuman. A quick history check reveals that it is the sound of a dreaded nothic (we call him the purple headed one eyed monster, seriously. Check the photo out in the starter set, hes a giant penis). So anyway, we slowly approach the crevasse. Someone accidentally kicks a rock down there, the nothic is spooked. Ooops. He charges up the incline and engages the pirate, he does some pretty nasty damage to our tank. Ouch. The sorcerer has the next turn, he casts a spell and rolls for wild magic. Rolls a 41, turns into a pot plant. Sweet jesus this guy is useless. At this stage we need a minute break to stop laughing IRL. The nothic doesn't like this magic attempt on his life, he attacks the pot plant which just so happens to have to take double damage because hes a pot plant. Luckily for the sorcerer he has a feat which allows half damage after a con save (or something like that, I was still laughing my arse off at the pot plant to listen). Either way he ends up on very little HP. Luckily the fighter is able to wrap around the side of the throbbing one eyed purple monster. The fighter has advantage, opting for his -5 to hit +10 damage, BOOM. Natural 20. Crit. Rolls like a beast, ends up doing a total of 46 damage. Apparently the DM increased his HP because he didn't want him dead just yet lol The penis monster is now on very low HP. The barbarian finishes the penis monster off with his own hands, I'm glad he came. Ejaculation.

Victory! While the pirate and the fighter rappel down the crevasse, the dwarf notices a glitch in the matrix, there is another false wall. He jumps up and down and gets the groups attention. The spelunkers find a chest with some cool shit in it, the barb gets the +1 sword and gets an erection both in game and IRL. Thats where we leave this session off.

It was a rather funny session, we all had a great time with the combat and I was rolling like an absolute beast this session. Stay tuned for the 4th session, ill try to get to writing it asap. I will note that my fighter has the worst week in session 4... You'll see :D


 









 Here is the long awaited second part of our D D groups LMoP experience, the first part is [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/2ew6ur/our_dd_5e_experience_with_lmop_so_far_session_1/).

So after last week, we completed Cragmaw cave with humorous results. The PHB came out just before this session, so several of us rewrote our characters. FYI this is a summary of events, most of the session was narrative.

Our current list is:

- Human bow fighter

- Tiefling sorcerer (was the shooty rogue)

- Dragonborn barbarian (was the dwarf cleric)

- Pirate themed tanky fighter

- Dwarf control wizard

- Human GWF fighter (was the sneaky rogue)

Picking up where we left off, (with our old group) we have our cart with Sildar (still woozy from his dagger *err I mean* goblin arrow wound) and we continue on our way. Sildar suddenly has a flashback about how he got hit with the dagger of sneaky rogue and how sneaky tried to pull a fast one. He straight up executes sneaky, no one seems to mind (we only gave our DM small notice of our new chars so he didn't have time to work out how everyones new characters will be introduced haha).

With that, the new group is on their way to Phandalin. Oh noes, goblin ambush! Defensive positions! Goblins go shooty shoot! A few hits with small damage and one bad miss which causes the goblin to accidentally shoot a friend! He dead. Barbarian does some impressive javelin throwing, dead goblins everywhere. The fighter crits and cuts a goblin in half, great weapon mastery proc and kills another goblin, there is green stuff everywhere. Then 4 goblins appear next to the road, oh shi- Suddenly a small figure dives off the mountain and crashes in the middle of the 4 goblins with a huge magicaly explosion. Woah, that was awesome. The lumbering fighter walks over to the dwarf wizard, clearly impressed. He slaps the dwarf on the shoulder with a hearty laugh "Good show friend! That was incredible", the dwarf bites his hand. What a little fucker, the fighter is intrigued though. He tries to communicate with the dwarf, he points to himself and slowly says his name "Gregor", the dwarf shrugs in confusion and hands the fighter a chunk of goblin meat.

I should probably explain whats going on, this dwarf PC is a control wizard who has been living in the wild his entire life. He doesn't speak a word of the common language and can only understand us when he casts an hour long comprehend spell. This guy doesn't even have a name, the goblin meat is apparently an offering of friendship.

Dazed and confused, the fighter turns to the party, everyone is fucking confused. The fighter loudly laughs "Im going to call you shrug, little man", the dwarf smiles. I guess hes joining us then.

As we continue to town, the pirate strikes up a fascination with Shrug, this dwarf has coins woven into his beard, he doesn't need pockets. 

We arrive at town, Sildar says to meet him at the Inn in an hour. We split up, the fighter goes to the Inn with the Pirate and sorcerer. The barb, bow fighter and Shrug go to the trading post to return the cart. While they wait to hear back about the cart, the bow fighter heads to the armorer, he wants to get a goblin scimitar all spruced up to be a nice shiney weapon that he can use. The blacksmith strikes up a conversation and the bow fighter brags that he killed a bugbear in a few arrows. The blacksmith asks if its the bugbear who stole his shit that lives in Cragmaw cave. It is! He asks if the bow fighter happened to see a chest of his filled with coins and some belongings, he specifically mentions a frog statue which is of personal value. The bow fighter lies and says that he found no chest but will ask his group about the frog, probing for a reward in the process.

The bow fighter returns back to the cart, only to find that Shrug has leaped into the chest filled with coins. He goes all scrooge mcduck and plays in the coins and starts braiding the coins into his hair, hes having a great old time! The reaction of the Barb and bow fighter is that this short bastard is trying to rob them! They start grappling with the dwarf trying to get him out of the chest, no luck, this guy is a slippery sucker! Shrug, out of fear casts a magical fireworks wall to try to disengage.

It works, but it also causes the town guards to arrive weapons drawn. What is the meaning of this! The bow fighter tries to defuse the situation by explaining that its all a misunderstanding and we will deal with it. All this commotion has drawn a large crowd... Including the blacksmith. Whoops, he sees his chest and publically accuses the bow fighter of stealing from him. Shit just got real, they retrieve the frog medalion from Shrugs beard and give it back to the blacksmith. Hes not happy, he takes the frog, throws the gold on the ground and storms off, calling shenanigans apparently. The guards tell them to report to the town leader, this needs to be resolved.

The uninvolved party memebers return to see this turmoil, what the hell happend guys, we were gone 15 minutes! They decide to take their chest and march to the town hall to explain themselves. When they get there, the blacksmith storms out having told his side. He spits on the bow fighter on the way through, everyone in the group are laughing their arses off IRL (except for the bow fighter). The guards stop an escalation and they enter the town hall. The town leader (slash yummy mummy, DM describes her as *a decent 7/10*) explains that she wont let this tom foolery occur in her town, after hearing our side of the story she explains that she wont change the massive amount of coins in our chest unless we help her with the Redband Rebels (we call them *Ricos Roughnecks*, because funny). The fighter flirts with her and tells her that hes going to have sex with her when he gets back from killing Ricos Roughnecks, she wants the D. He flops it out and winks. Making friends quickly, this fighter is. They have their first lead, the tavern to the east of town.

They head off to go sleuthing, once they reach the tavern they're quickly accosted by 5 Roughnecks trying to steal their shit. These guys don't know who they're screwing with. The fighter being front and center draws his great sword, laughing like a manic. Combat is a joke, these guys are plebs. One of them breaks away and starts sprinting for a manor up the road. The bow fighter takes a shot at him, misses. The pirate throws and axe, misses. The fighter throws an axe, misses. This is pathetic. The Barb throws a javelin, fucking god shot he kills the last dude. Nice.

We take their cloaks, the fighter insists on 3 of the PCs wearing the cloak and the rest posing as prisioners. The party bickers about this idea "Fuck it. I'm not taking my cloak off" says the fighter. "I still think its a good idea". The group reaches the manor and enters it. Thats where we left it.

It was a rather amusing second session as most of it was narrative and most of it went off the damn rails! I had a ball. Ill post another thread shortly with the 3rd session, which was more action packed!

Too be continued...
 




 Hey guys,

We're currently in our 3rd week of D D for the LMoP starter set and since I'm on my lunch break, I figured I might let you know about our rather fun experience so far :D

So we're playing with 6 PCs and a first time GM.

Our warband is:

- Bow human fighter

- Dwarf cleric

- Dwarf control wizard (missed first session)

- tanky human pirate themed fighter

- Shooty halfling rogue

- Sneaky human rogue


First session brings us to the dead horses, oh noes. Pirate decides to stay guarding the cart while sneaky rogue, bow fighter and shooty rogue go investigate. Goblin surprise round! Sneaky rogue gets hit, takes 9 damage hes on 1 HP. Others miss. Bow fighter kills one with a shot  and sneaky rogue hits the deck. Shooty rogue kills another, rest get cleaned up. Sneaky gets healed. We find the tracks heading towards the hide out and decide its worth saving Sildar, hes a cool dude.

Heres where it gets silly, pirate decides his character has no want to go chasing after this dude, he has his cart full of shit he doesn't want to risk his life when he already has the booty (words to live by). DM warns that he will get no exp or loot if he does this, stubborness now kicks in and his char stays with the cart...

Right, so anyway. Shooty rogue and Bow fighter scout ahead following the tracks to Cragmaw cave. After investigating the entrance, sneaky rogue hears two goblins in the clearing near the entrance gambling and having a good old time, its go time fuckers. We make quick work of them in our surprise round. We sneakily enter the cave, weary of any potential traps and/or patrols. We take the stairs, oh god! Wolfies! They mad and they loud, bow fighter insta-reacts "THEY'RE BEING LOUD AS FUCK, KILL EM" so after he executes these helpless potential friends despite a few of us saying "Arn't you an animal handler? Why not make some wolf-like friends?" doesn't matter, doesn't care.

After scouting the room we decide to press on. Slowly up the tunnel until we see the patrol at the top, shooty rogue shoots, misses. Bow fighter shoots, misses. Sneaky rogue shoots, small damage. OH noes. Patrol flees, wtf is that sound? Mother fucking wall of water. Jesus titty fucking christ, the sneaky rogue moves to the crevasse to the left and the rest go back into the wolf room. We're safe.

Sneaky rogue climbs the two walls to get a view of whats going on, he hears commotion! The rest of his party cross the stream and climb up with sneaky rogue. We see the goblins, its time to die. We engage and kill all of them (sneaky rogue gets fucked up and goes unconscious, saving throws himself back up). A wounded Mr goblin boss dude picks up Sildar and puts a dagger to his neck. Recently awakened Sneaky rogue is convinced of his dexterous skills, he throws his dagger... and rolls a natural 1. Oops. A follow up roll was low enough for the DM to decide that this dagger hit Sildar in the shoulder. Awkward. Sildar passes out. Goblin drops Sildar and gets killed by the party.

Sneaky rogue panics, hes got priors. He grabs the closest goblin arrow, removes the dagger and places the arrow in the wound. Sildar will never suspect a thing. We start carrying Sildar until he wakes up, lucky for Sneaky rogue Sildar says nothing about his wound....Yet. They proceed slowly to the last room scouting ahead we see a bugbear and his mean entourage. Oh noes, this will hurt. Lets hope for a good surprise round. Bow fighter does massive damage and so does everyone else, bugbear dies before he reaches combat. DM exclaims how fucking lucky we are, 2D8 + 4 damage **are you serious**!??!? We only have an average of 9 hp. The party clears the rest of the room without issue.

Its loot time, yay. We carry that shit back to the cart. We laugh all the way back to the bank.

That was the end of the first session, lots of lulz were had and we really enjoyed ourselves. I know it sounded like only a few of us played much, but I left out much of the nitty gritty stuff that the others did. This is a summary after all. 

Ill post another thread shortly showing the other two sessions as I think I'm almost at my word limit.

**Too be continued..**

Edit: [Here is part 2!](http://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/2ew9qq/our_dd_5e_experience_with_lmop_so_far_session_2/) 









 Hey guys,

We're currently in our 3rd week of D D for the LMoP starter set and since I'm on my lunch break, I figured I might let you know about our rather fun experience so far :D

So we're playing with 6 PCs and a first time GM.

Our warband is:

- Bow human fighter

- Dwarf cleric

- Dwarf control wizard (missed first session)

- tanky human pirate themed fighter

- Shooty halfling rogue

- Sneaky human rogue


First session brings us to the dead horses, oh noes. Pirate decides to stay guarding the cart while sneaky rogue, bow fighter and shooty rogue go investigate. Goblin surprise round! Sneaky rogue gets hit, takes 9 damage hes on 1 HP. Others miss. Bow fighter kills one with a shot  and sneaky rogue hits the deck. Shooty rogue kills another, rest get cleaned up. Sneaky gets healed. We find the tracks heading towards the hide out and decide its worth saving Sildar, hes a cool dude.

Heres where it gets silly, pirate decides his character has no want to go chasing after this dude, he has his cart full of shit he doesn't want to risk his life when he already has the booty (words to live by). DM warns that he will get no exp or loot if he does this, stubborness now kicks in and his char stays with the cart...

Right, so anyway. Shooty rogue and Bow fighter scout ahead following the tracks to Cragmaw cave. After investigating the entrance, sneaky rogue hears two goblins in the clearing near the entrance gambling and having a good old time, its go time fuckers. We make quick work of them in our surprise round. We sneakily enter the cave, weary of any potential traps and/or patrols. We take the stairs, oh god! Wolfies! They mad and they loud, bow fighter insta-reacts "THEY'RE BEING LOUD AS FUCK, KILL EM" so after he executes these helpless potential friends despite a few of us saying "Arn't you an animal handler? Why not make some wolf-like friends?" doesn't matter, doesn't care.

After scouting the room we decide to press on. Slowly up the tunnel until we see the patrol at the top, shooty rogue shoots, misses. Bow fighter shoots, misses. Sneaky rogue shoots, small damage. OH noes. Patrol flees, wtf is that sound? Mother fucking wall of water. Jesus titty fucking christ, the sneaky rogue moves to the crevasse to the left and the rest go back into the wolf room. We're safe.

Sneaky rogue climbs the two walls to get a view of whats going on, he hears commotion! The rest of his party cross the stream and climb up with sneaky rogue. We see the goblins, its time to die. We engage and kill all of them (sneaky rogue gets fucked up and goes unconscious, saving throws himself back up). A wounded Mr goblin boss dude picks up Sildar and puts a dagger to his neck. Recently awakened Sneaky rogue is convinced of his dexterous skills, he throws his dagger... and rolls a natural 1. Oops. A follow up roll was low enough for the DM to decide that this dagger hit Sildar in the shoulder. Awkward. Sildar passes out. Goblin drops Sildar and gets killed by the party.

Sneaky rogue panics, hes got priors. He grabs the closest goblin arrow, removes the dagger and places the arrow in the wound. Sildar will never suspect a thing. We start carrying Sildar until he wakes up, lucky for Sneaky rogue Sildar says nothing about his wound....Yet. They proceed slowly to the last room scouting ahead we see a bugbear and his mean entourage. Oh noes, this will hurt. Lets hope for a good surprise round. Bow fighter does massive damage and so does everyone else, bugbear dies before he reaches combat. DM exclaims how fucking lucky we are, 2D8 + 4 damage **are you serious**!??!? We only have an average of 9 hp. The party clears the rest of the room without issue.

Its loot time, yay. We carry that shit back to the cart. We laugh all the way back to the bank.

That was the end of the first session, lots of lulz were had and we really enjoyed ourselves. I know it sounded like only a few of us played much, but I left out much of the nitty gritty stuff that the others did. This is a summary after all. 

Ill post another thread shortly showing the other two sessions as I think I'm almost at my word limit.

**Too be continued..**

Edit: [Here is part 2!](http://www.reddit.com/r/dndnext/comments/2ew0sn/our_dd_experience_with_lmop_so_far_session_2/) 




 Hi guys,

Amusingly during our first 5e session with the starter campaign when we confronted the goblin who holds a dagger to Silvars neck I tried to be tricky and throw a dagger at the already wounded goblin. I kinda rolled a natural 1 and ended up hitting Silvar. Oops.

But it made me think, how would you all handle that situation? Assuming the person being held hostage is a valuable target, what would you do? Try to kill him? Try to trade his life for gold? Do you drop your weapons?

Just don't throw a dagger if the dice gods are not in your favour. 




 Hey everyone.

We all know *that guy*, *that guy* who suspiciously knows about the trap door on square 3 for your premade campaign. *That guy* who min maxes the fuck out of his hybrid character and takes 20 minutes to work out which of his 50 spells to use. *That guy* who meta games every turn.

Vent your stories :) 




 Hey everyone,

So I've been enjoying the debates so far, minus the Mountain that Roleplays (jk :P)

It is entirely possible that Barristan the Bold and Arthur Dayne will meet in the grand final of this debate tournament. I just remembered a SSM where GRRM was actually asked about a duel of this calibre!

[*Who would win in a fight, Barristan Selmy or Arthur Dayne (in their best days)?*
**Dayne... if he was armed with Dawn. If both men had equivalent weaponry, it might be a toss-up.**](http://www.westeros.org/Citadel/SSM/Entry/The_Sword_of_the_Morning_vs._Barristan_the_Bold)

Now of course, the moderators can just stop this input from the author from being used but I still found it amusing :P
 




 Hey guys,

As an Aussie, I'm really perplexed by [this link](http://www.boxofficemojo.com/alltime/weekends/month/?mo=0 p=.htm). Can someone explain why the amount that a movie earns domestically is so **massively** affected by the month in which its released?

In Australia, we watch what ever comes out when ever we can get it (since we can get delays upwards of 6 months from the rest of the world).

I'm sure there is a simple explaination, I'm just missing it :)

Cheers. 




 Hey guys,

Just thought I would share my experiences with my great weapon fighting fighter. I started our D D basic campaign as a rogue but after my fellow party members decided to be mostly ranged players, my character was very annoying to use. Lucky for me, the PHB got released and boy oh boy did I have some fun with the new feats and rules for fighters. 

I ended up creating a new character who starts at level 2,  human fighter with chainmail, throwing axes and a great sword. Decent-ish rolling still ended me up with 18 str which is something at least. Being able to reroll 1s and 2s for a great sword ended up with my doing some seriously awesome damage and made for some colourful death descriptions!

The feats were the interesting additions, ~~the two feats (humans ftw :D)~~ I decided on going for Great Weapon Mastery ~~and Heavy Armor Mastery~~. The option for bonus 10 dmg to a swing in conjunction with a -5 to hit was very helpful for the bigger targets (I would wait till I had advantage before opting to use this skill) and the bonus attack if I bring a target below 0 HP (or if I crit) was especially awesome as there were several occasions where I was able to cleave down 2-3 adds in a single turn with good rolling :D (Just letting you know that we know the rule about 1 bonus action per turn, but my DM has allowed me to continue the ability with negs to hit, he likes the idea of cleaving lol)

~~Since I appeared to be the only *tank* my decision to go heavy armor mastery was a good one, that flat -3 physical damage really pays for itself and allows for more risky positioning (engaging 2 targets at once so I can cleave) not to mention the bonus str stat.~~

Overall I'm having a ball with the character and I've made a cool little backstory to him which I've asked to be fed into the story for a future plot point :D

Whats your experience with the fighters in D DNext? I don't need to hear about how OP the bow fighters are, I know they're. My brother uses one and its silly lol

**Edit: There you go, thanks for the correction. I should only have 1 feat, not 2. Anyway, on with the discussion.** 




 Hi guys,

I'm sure this has been said before, it still made me smile. When Arya is first with the Brotherhood is Arya III, she notes that the BWB has access to vicious attack dogs. She muses to herself that "She wishes she had a dog of her own"

Edit: Thanks /u/Xiefyn

"For every man we lost, two showed up to take his place. A few were knights or squires, of gentle birth, but most were common men  fieldhands and fiddlers and innkeeps, servants and shoemakers, even two septons. Men of all sorts, and women too, children, dogs"
"Dogs?" said Arya.
"Aye." Harwin grinned. "One of our lads keeps the meanest dogs you'd ever want to see."
"I wish I had a good mean dog," said Arya wistfully. "A lion-killing dog." 









 Hey guys,

With all these debates going around, I thought it could be a good idea to have different topic of debate. Are the show changes better than the books. 

Now a general topic like that could be fun, but I think something more specific would garner a more even discussion.

A few ideas come to mind.

- Which is better, Talisa or Jeyne Westerling
- Is book Shae better for the story than show Shae?

Please post if you think this could be fun, also any other debate topics you can think of in this fashion :D 




 Lets face it, all of these changes, amalgamations and deviations are snowballing in a big way. I'm less worried about the story that the show will end with ruining the books. Ammarite? 




 Hey guys,

I'm doing another re-read of the series and I just got up to the UnKiss moment in ACOK. Now I'm fully aware that GRRM has stated a few times that the UnKiss is an intentional moment added by him to signify something bigger than a girl misremembering the name of a sword (for instance).

Anyway, that scene with the Hound and her after the Blackwater battle is *very* traumatic. More so than I had remembered. She is deathly afraid of Sandor and she legitimately thinks he will murder her. He arrives drunk and covered in blood and hounds (heh) her about singing for him. When she refuses he throws her onto the bed and puts a dagger to her throat. She shuts her eyes and sings about ~~Florian (symbolism eh)~~ The Mother. Then shit obviously gets weird, she reaches out and feels his cheek to find that he is crying. Now its a great scene for us readers to get a feel about both Sansa and Sandor.

When you take a step back and think about why in 2 books time she remembers him kissing her and little else of that night, not the threatening, not the fear of death, not the dagger to her throat. "He left a bloody cloak and a kiss". This barrier she has put up is clearly to protect herself from the trauma of what she has encountered.

What does this mean for her? Is she past it? Will she have intimacy issues? PTSD?

Edit: The Hound asks her to sing about Florian, she ends up singing about the mother. 




 Hey guys,

The relationship between Shae and Tyrion is a rather complex one and the context of the relationship (for us) is always from Tyrions own biased PoV chapters. He appears to show some self consciousness about her truly loving him or just playing the game for reward. This is further exemplified by her betraying him on the stand after the promise of a marriage and a castle is promised to her. (I want to rant further about how the show gutted this complex relationship, but I digress)

So my question is, is there any evidence that Tyrion paid her/continued to do so? I know that his first proposition to her states that she will have gold for her services and that she referenced wanting to wear expensive gowns/jewerly that he buys for her. But if I were in Tyrions position, I might doubt my relationship more with a whore if I were consciously paying her. 




 There was some worry a while ago that Victarion and Euron will be amalgamated for season 5, during a rewatch I found a piece of evidence that both of them are in the current tv canon. 

Rewatch S01E04 at 5 mins 40 seconds, in a conversation between Tyrion and Theon (show only I believe) Tyrion exclaims that he was a child when he remembered seeing Lannisport being burned by Theons **Uncles**. This doesn't completely prove anything, but the pluralisation would've had to have been added to the script since its a new scene outside of the book.

Either way, I was worried we would see the two characters combined too :)

Edit: I completely forgot about Aeron, eep 




 Hi guys,

Has there been any word if we can use our beta clients for the production version of Wildstar? My house mate has the fully downloaded latest beta version, it would save a shit load of internet usage to reuse the beta client. 




 Hey guys.

There has been a divide in this subreddit about Kit Harington's portrayal of Jon Snow in the tv show. Can we all agree that Kit has done a great job of displaying an accurate Jon Snow as per where he is up to in ASOS? 

I think hes done a great job in displaying the dead pan confidence that Jon displayed after his return from the wildlings. I'm really enjoying Kit's work with my favourite asoiaf character and I **cannot** wait until ed fetches him a block. 




 Hi everyone.

There were a couple of show only moments in the latest episode which I wanted to discuss. Firstly, Sandor straight out robbing that helpful farmer~~, I don't recall that scene in the books but it does seem rather out of character (he appeared to be becoming less harsh in the show)~~. Do you guys think this occurred just to remind the viewer of Sandors unapologetic moral ambiguity? Perhaps actions like this will rekindle Aryas disdain for him that she shows more in the books than the show.

Secondly, he explicitly mentions a desire to go to Braavos as a sellsword after he barters Arya to the Vale. Now we know that Arya will end up in Braavos, but there were hints that the Hound will end up escaping his fate in the books and end up going with Arya to Braavos. Could we be seeing this happening? I personally liked the ambiguous fate that the Hound had in the books and I would much prefer the canonical ending to his sad arc.

Edit: Thanks for clearing up my first point, what about the second point? I'm more interested in the implications of that.

 




 As I said in the title, this sept scene has been discussed ad nausem (after a single day? Impressive). Can we talk about what I think was one of the best scenes from the episode. The conversation between Tywin and Oberyn in that brothel. I really got confirmation that Pedro is an excellent choice for the Red Viper and that Charles Dance is the perfect Tywin. 

When he offered Tywin a drink I thought that this was going to be a moment with perhaps a slight nod to the 'Tywin Poisioning Theory', I didn't catch him doing anything (but its still early days :D). It was interesting to hear Tywin explicitly exclaim that Oberyn studied poison, now the audience knows :P

It was a great scene with lots of angst and tension, I wonder if Oberyn will get his out of book one on one conversation with the Mountain. I kinda hope not, I liked the confrontation at the trial. But HBO has shown that when it comes to changes they *can* do it rather well when it comes to extra scenes.

What do you guys think? 









 Hi guys,

My friends and I have switched our focus from DnD to Only War. So far it has been quite a bit of fun (About a decade ago, most of us were playing Warhammer Roleplay, so this system was easy to pick up :D)

Have you played Only War? What are your thoughts on it? Any tips? 




 - Come on everyone
- Write a Game of Thrones haiku
- Show me what you got. 









 Hi guys,

I wanted to get some clarification. We get the reveal that Gendry gets dropped off as a ~~baby~~ teenager to Tobho Mott for protection by a 'large hooded man' who he does not recognise. Who is this and why was Gendry being protected if all he is is a bastard of the king, we don't see this other treatment for his many other bastards.

Edit: Stupidity
 









 Most other Aussies will know how irritating it is to be in such a timezone, but this is one of the rare instances where I think we have it better than even the Americans. Since the east coast of Australia is only 4 hours ahead of Thailand, it would probally be a safe bet that the grand final will take place in the afternoon in Thailand. Meaning we can actually see the games live and not have to stay up past 5am on a work night! 




 Hey guys,

Obviously in the books Littlefingers involvement in Sansa's escape from KL isn't revealed till after the purple wedding and the entire great escape is done through the catspaw, Dontos. The show has instead decided to bench all that book ground work with Dontos and just make LF explicitly tell Sansa that he will smuggle her out of KL. 

What do you think about this change? Better or worse?

P.S. The actor who played Dontos in season 2 has been recasted for the role in season 4, so chances are that we will see some of his involvement be introduced this season.

P.S.S Little tidbit on Dontos Hollard. He is the last of his great house, which was wiped out during the Defiance of Duskendale by the Mad King. He (as an infant) was to be executed but Barristan stepped in and stopped it from happening. Very cool.

Edit: The actor's only other appearance is during the battle of the blackwater, doing some [juggling](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m92ebpbEFY1re0u5vo1_500.png) 




 Hey guys,

Rockstar is obviously annoying the shit out of PC/next gen gamers with their hush hush attitude about upcoming GTA 5 ports, I mean seirously? You won't even say that you're developing them? You want hype? Announce that you're working on it, staying silent is just making people like me lose interest in the fucking game. I'm pretty close to the stage of not caring anymore.

But for the time being while I do care, I know that GTA ports have been released up to 8 months after the initial console release but does anyone know how long after that initial release, the actual *announcement* for the port was put forward? If a game is to be ported, I would imagine months of advertising and marketing would be used to maximize consumer interest.  




 Hi guys,

I signed up for beta this weekend and I go an invite. I created my account and redeemed my code. I appear to get this error when ever I try to log in when the game boots up. I know my information is correct as I have logged into the game's website easily with it. Ihave also tried changing my password, no luck.

The only thing is that I didn't want to download the game from scratch so my roommate (who played last beta weekend) put his game up on the network and I just updated that client with the latest.

Anyone else got this anoying error?

Edit: I wanted to post this on the ESO forums or via their support page. GUESS WHAT? Can't access either of them.
Edit: I was finally able to get onto the ESO beta forums, there is a thread where updates on this known issue are posted. I hope they can fix it soon, here's the [link](http://forums.elderscrollsonline.com/discussion/55059/login-information-incorrect) 




 Hi everyone,

I'm sure I'm not the only one who googles for information on TWOW frequently. Something which has been irritating me of late is that almost every article has the same thing. They keep asking "When is the book coming out?" and the answer is always "When its done". But isnt that the wrong question to ask? George doesn't answer it because he has been bitten in the arse for giving predictions and he just doesn't know. Why not ask him a question he actually does know?

So I'm requesting to you all, if you do happen to get a chance to ask him a question, could you ask how far along he is? I'm not sure why progress updates are difficult for him. Its been almost a whole fucking year since we have heard ANYTHING about the damn book.

 




 Hi guys,

Who would be interested in the idea of a subreddit census being done? I personally, would be interested to see the spread of demographics that this wonderful subreddit has :)

If so, what questions do you guys think should be asked?

**Edit:** If you're a mod and you're reading this, if someone runs with this idea could we get it stickied to the asoiaf front page? I would love to see a large set of data :)

**Edit 2:** Polls around theory opinions have been done before [as you can see](http://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/1lubp7/spoilers_all_major_theories_opinion_poll_12/). I really would prefer to do one about the people! 




 Hi guys,

I stumbled across this SSM from 2001 in which GRRM confirmed that Howland Reed will be introduced at some stage. What is the best theory for his introduction into the series?

Source: 
[**Question 3:** It had been stated that Howland Reed would come out in The Winds of Winter, which is the 5th book. Will he still come in the 5th book (A Dance with Dragon)?
**Answer**: He will appear eventually.](http://www.westeros.org/Citadel/SSM/Entry/1270/) 




 Hi guys,

Something which has annoyed me from the get go about the TV series, is the lacking of definition between Others and wights. Instead, there is just a lazy singular reference of 'White Walkers'. By the stage we're during ASOS we know the difference between Others and wights and we even have an idea about their weaknesses and strengths. Are the show watchers informed enough going into future seasons about these undead fuckers, who are supposedly going to be important to the story.   




 Hi guys,

I'm about a third of the way through AFFC on my second reread and I'm starting to remember why I was irritated by AFFC on my first read. I don't like the idea of the quest that Brienne goes on for most of AFFC. Its essentially 8 chapters of a wild goose chase. I know that her arc seems important as it ends with the confrontation between her, LS and Jaime. But its frustrating to read about her constantly looking for a person that she will never find. What do you guys think about her story during AFFC? 




 Hey guys,

What changes (big or small) from the books to the TV show do you think were for the better? Perhaps a character omission which made the story more fluid? Perhaps the shortening of a scene which adds more drama etc.

For me, I feel that the way they introduced Tyrion for the first time in the show was *far* better than the way they did in the books. Tyrion tumbling off a bench was one of the silliest things I could think of, first seeing Tyrion drinking wine and whoring? That's a far better introduction.

Also the removal of patchface, fuck that guy. 




 Hey guys,

I'm rather new to this subreddit and I have not seen a thread on this in a little bit. Whats your favourite story around meta gaming? I do find stories around *that guy* rather amusing. 




 Hi guys,

I have been playing DnD for the past 6 months and I have been having a ball. One of our players wants to bring his GF in to play with us, she has never played DnD or any other roleplaying before. While I don't have an issue with this girl, I'm worried that we will see issues with them meta gaming due to their relationship.

Do you guys have any tips to avoid this? Have you had a good experience before with people who date playing DnD? Any bad experiences? 




 Simple enough.

Hypothetically if you could ask GRRM one question which he has to give a yes or no answer to, what would it be?

As much as I would like to confirm R+L=J, I feel that it is all but confirmed. I would probally ask something like, will Jon be a leader in some form (King, warden, etc) outside of the Nights Watch?

Edit: Alternatively, I would ask *Will Dany turn crazy?* 




 Hey guys,

I would like to expand on [this other thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/1wkicm/spoiler_all_hbo_should_film_roberts_rebellion/) about HBO hopefully doing a show about Roberts Rebellion. Lets say hypothetically, that the rights to Roberts Rebellion are recieved and the wheels are in motion. Who would you cast and for what role?

I would be keen to get some nominations for the title roles and then do a poll to see who the community would love to see :)

Major characters (let me know if I forgot anyone imparticular:

- Eddard Stark
- Rickard Stark
- Brandon Stark
- Benjen Stark
- Lyanna Stark
- Howland Reed
- Hoster Tully
- Catelyn Tully
- Jon Arryn
- Tywin Lannister
- Jaime Lannister
- Cersei Lannister
- Robert Baratheon
- Stannis Baratheon
- Rhaegar Targaryen
- Aerys Targaryen
- Rhaella Targaryen
- Viserys Targaryen
- Willem Darry
- Elia Martell
- Jon Connington
- Barristan Selmy
- Jonothor Darry
- Lewyn Martell
- Arthur Dayne
- Gerold Hightower
- Mace Tyrell
- Randyll Tarly
- Varys
- Pycelle
- Gregor Clegane
- Armory Lorch
- Davos Seaworth 




 Hi guys,

I'm going through my second reread of ASOS and Sansa has already arrived at the Vale and I'm up to the stage past Petyr's wedding.

Something is kind of irritating. Why is Sansa not more ecstatic about her situation? Now I know that her life has been turned upside down with so much death in her family, but she is now as safe as she can be. If my family had all died and I was imprisoned, then I was to be released and be kept safe I would at least be a little happy about that. All of the post KL Sansa arc is from her POV and you hardly hear a peep from her about how much better off she is in the Vale over where she was doomed to stay (KL). Not only that, she does not even seem slightly thankful for the effort and risk that Petyr put into bringing her to the Vale. Whether she thinks that she is being played as a pawn to Petyr, she would always be better in the situation she is in now, over being a perpetual prisoner in KL.

Since courtesy is a woman armor, has her armor weakened? 


**Edit:** Please consider that I said "(Spoilers All) Why is Sansa not **more** happy or thankful?", not why **isnt she happy**. I would ask for people to consider the two situations she had. Being held hostage at KL or being held hostage at the Vale and explain to me how she is better off at KL? **Also please realise that the timeline which I have referenced** is at the time before most of the creepy shit from Petyr has occured, as far as she is aware she is to be wed to Robin and have house Stark restored to the north, she has not been kissed by Petyr yet nor has she witnessed her Aunt being killed by him. Lots of down votes today, sheesh.
 




 Hi everyone,

Does anyone have a source on the latest update for the playable classes? I have seen a few different places say a few different things. I was after something more official than I have seen so far. 




 Hello everyone.

There has been some discussion around my friends half-orc fighter. He purposefully set his character up to have an INT of 7 and a WIS of 10, but stacked his STR and DEX. Which is good for role playing, because it means that he can be a brute who smashes things and he has had lots of fun with it.

But where he hits walls (literally sometimes lol) on occasion, is when it comes to how to interpret an INT of 7 and a WIS of 10. Does low INT indicate a lack of common knowledge? Does an average WIS mean he has some common sense?

We were having situations where we were sneaking down a hall way and someone would whisper "Bu-Shek, I need you to be quiet because we don't want to be discovered" his character would then say **very** loudly "What? Why would I be quiet". Now this was rather hilarious to say the least, but it did put the question forward of "Should low INT mean he does dumb shit, or does it just mean he has a lack of knowlege?". Since he has a WIS of 10, would his character know that staying quiet while sneaking around is important and does a INT of 7 mean that he cannot read or write? 

How would you interpret it? 




 Hi guys,

A few years ago, I used to use an addon called 'Snowfall Keypress'. I primarily used it because it would disable the button press **animation** so no matter how much I was spamming a button, the UI would show it as if I pressed it once.

This addon has become obsolete and has been abandoned, does anyone know of an addon which does the same thing?

*Edit: I'm not talking about the addon functionality of casting a spell immediatly instead of after the button is released. I'm talking about the button press **animation** being removed, so that the animation only occurs when the spell is cast. 









 Hey guys,

Lets do it, find a quote and take it out of context. I found quite a few moments where I giggled due to poor choices of words.

Post your verbatim quote out of context for the lulz.

ASOS, Catelyn V *"...take the Iron men in the rear, while they beat off..."* 




 Hey guys,

It has been quite a long time since I have read AFFC (up to half way through ASOS on my second reread) but has Euron given any actual reason for sending Victarion to court Dany on his regard? He is obviously cunning so he would know that his brother despises him and would probably betray him to marry Dany for himself but he does it anyway. Do we have any hints on what he plans to do with the Victarion envoy situation?

I have a feeling that Victarion would be better suited to do the whole raping and pillaging thing that Euron is doing at the moment. 




 Hi guys,

I rather new to DnD, I may have only been playing 4e for the past 4 months but I'm having so much fun. We are playing with a DM who has never played before either but he is doing a great job. One thing that he has 'expanded' is the critical success and critical failure rules. At first, rolling natural 1s or natural 20s just meant you either did max damage or something comical happen and you're disadvantaged.

But he has added another level to this since he was having so much fun coming up with cool shit to coincide with bad/good rolling.

His house rules are:

- If you roll a 1, he will quickly outline a few possible scenarios and get you to roll a d6. (roll of a 1-2, you lose grip of your weapon and throw it at the ally next to you, 3-5 you drop your weapon, 6 you correct yourself and land the blow successfully but with slightly less damage as you are off balance.)
- If you roll a natural 20, roll the D20 again and if you roll another 20 something amazing will occur. That's all hes told us, we're waiting for someone to roll a second 20 :D (I rolled a 19 after a 20 on the weekend against a 'boss').

Now these rules may seem pointless and would add lots of time to the fights but our DM has this weird ability to come up with new shit to screw us up within seconds and it has made for far better combat :). What other fun changes have you guys employed for your own campaigns? 









 Hi everyone,

We all know (and surely love) how Tywin/Shae met their ends and the implications which followed such a powerful scene.

I heard a while ago a theory that because of the effort D D has put into making Shae a genuine love interest for Tyrion, the show will not have her betray Tyrion on the stand and will have her die by the hands of Tywin which will be the tipping point for Tyrion to kill his father. While most theories about show differences are taken with a grain of salt, this theory seems rather possible.

Am I getting worried over nothing or do you guys think this could happen too? 




 Hey guys,

Its been 2 days since I had posted the thread with the poll attached which asked Which book have you read up to in the series? in /r/asoiaf and /r/gameofthrones. Now I know that there are a lot of factors into this poll (e.g people who have not read any books are less likely to even open the thread, let alone vote in it) but we did get some interesting results nontheless.

[Enjoy :)] (http://i.imgur.com/6KkkOjs.png)

Discuss :3
 




 Hey guys,

Its been 2 days since I had posted the thread with the poll attached which asked *Which book have you read up to in the series?* in /r/asoiaf and /r/gameofthrones. Now I know that there are a lot of factors into this poll (e.g people who have not read any books are less likely to even open the thread, let alone vote in it) but we did get some interesting results nontheless.

[Enjoy :)](http://i.imgur.com/6KkkOjs.png)

Discuss :3

**Edit for clarification - Both polls were conducted separately from each other in the different subreddits** 




 Hi everyone :)

I would love to find out how far everyone in this subreddit is into the A Song of Ice and Fire book series.

*Edit* **Poll closed, results can be found [here] (http://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/1t4edd/no_spoilers_poll_results_for_what_book_are_you_up/)**
 




 Hey everyone,

I'm rather curious what sort of numbers were looking at for our subreddit in regards to book progression. Please vote in the poll, I would love to see how many are up to date and being driven crazy by the wait for TWOW.

*Edit* **Poll closed, please head to [here] (http://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/1t4dgy/no_spoilers_poll_results_for_what_book_are_you_up/) for the results.** 









 Having witnessed how D D deal with hidden characters which can only stay hidden in the books because the audience cant see the actors face (Barristan - Artsan, Illyrio and Varys in the dungeon, etc). Do you think that they will reveal immediately that it LS is actually a resurrected Catelyn? 

I think that they have an opportunity (thanks to the drastic change to voice and appearance) to keep LS hooded and do the big reveal at the end of the season. 

P.S On a side note, I'm looking forward to the reveal of LS because over the past 6 months I have been planting *fake* spoilers in my friends head about the series (he only watches the TV show). So he thinks I'm joking when I say "Are you looking forward to next season? Watch out for when Ned is revealed to be an alien, Joffrey is actually a robot and Catelyn is now a zombie." 




 Hi there,

I will admit, I'm rather new to the scene. I only started reading the books once the TV show aired, and I have only been hanging around this subreddit for the past 3 months or so. While here I have noticed for every *suspicion* there are normally several tin-foil theories trying to explain them.

My question is, can you recall any theories which were posted over the years for the most recent books which were dismissed as silly and tin-foily but were later confirmed to be completely true?

 




 Title says it all.

I'm having a hard time sourcing an audio book version of Dangerous Women. Almost all sources do not have the licensing for the Australian audience.

Does anyone have any ideas how to get this new audio book?  




 Hi guys,

What are you worried will occur in the last two novels?

For me, I have the worry that we will witness some deus ex machina to resolve some of the already complex plot points. While I know that GRRM is not a fan of deus ex machina, I still have the fear that we might get some 'cop out' resolutions to some of the more intricate story lines. 

I'm also worried that we might witness some ambiguous endings, I would hate after all this time with a certain characters fate to be *left up to the imagination of the reader*. Fuck that, I hated it in at the end of American Psycho.

Lets just hope that GRRM is as thorough with his ending of story lines as he is as creating and expanding them :) 




 Hi everyone,

Nice and simple question, there are a few changes that were put in place around the torture, imprisonment and change of Theon into Reek in the TV series. 

**Do you think that the changes were better or worse than what happened in the books?** 

Since they are strapped for time for the portrayal, I think they did a good job overall capturing the *fucked up-ness* of Ramsay and they have shown why in season 4 we are going to see a completely new 'Reek'.

But if I remember correctly, Reek's castration is only implied in the books where as it's explicit in the show. Which could affect the idea of Theon possible ascending as king of the iron islands, which has been theorised. 




 Hi guys,

This isn't laziness, I have looked up and down and I cannot seem to get a solid lead on the actual current progress on TWOW from a decent source. Whats the latest you have heard on the progress of TWOW?

 




 Hi guys,

Bear with me on this one, I think you would agree that while its just silly to say "THIS IS THE ONE AND ONLY CATALYST TO THE WAR OF THE 5 KINGS" or "IF ONLY SHE/HE DID THIS INSTEAD, THE WAR COULD OF BEEN AVERTED". I think a reasonable statement is that if it were not for Jamie and Cersei's incest a lot of the war would not of occurred. 

So lets say that Jamie and Cersei either didn't fall in love or they did fall in love but didn't consummate it and kept it to their selves. Cersei would then have black haired Baratheons, Jon Arryn would have no suspicions thus would not be killed which stops the majority of the events of the books moving forward. Westeros would remain as undivided as it was before the books and any Essos invasion could be met with more ease.

If I were in the shoes of Jamie or Cersei I would feel an overwhelming amount of guilt for the thousands who have died because I fucked my sibling. Do you guys think this just could be because of the characters of Jamie and Cersei? Both of them have had major redeeming moments in the books but there is never much mention of regret for being at the center of the war. I'm also surprised that this responsibility is not brought up to Cersei/Jamie by a smart cookie like Tyrion for instance. 

I know that I have simplified the issue a bit here, but I do think that there is a choke point of blame with Jamie and Cersei.

TL;DR - The incestuous relationship between Jamie and Cersei has caused much and more of the war then is brought up.

*Editing the edit for another edit, bare with my spelling* 




 Hi guys,

What significant plot points (which have been left out of the TV series) do you think disadvantage the watchers the most?

For me, the lack of mention to the discussion that Robb has in regards to naming his heir in the event of his death. I found this to be a very important moment to the reader as it starts placing some of the events in perspective leading up to a potential future Stark come back.

Also, is there a character or plot point that you're glad they left out of the TV series?

I personally hated Patchface in the books, he was so annoying. 




 Hi guys,

A plot line which to me feels like it was dropped, Tyrion finds out that littlefinger was the one who told Catelyn about 'his' dagger. When he arrives to KL he even states that "he needs to have a conversation to Petyr about that"... 

Am I forgetting an encounter or is this left unanswered? 




 Hi guys,

The other discussion (http://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/1pcz53/spoilers_all_grrms_characters_asoiaf_vs_show/) I think needs a poll to get a real show of opinion. Please vote below and feel free to add a description of why :)

http://strawpoll.me/619919

*Edit: Sorry guys, I cant believe I forgot Liam Cunningham :( 




 Hi guys, I want to talk about the prophetic messages which Arya got from the ghost of high heart. Specifically this sentence:

"I dreamt of a maid at a feast with purple serpents in her hair, venom dripping from their fangs. And later I dreamt that maid again, slaying a savage giant in a castle built of snow."

Now while the first portion is obviously about Sansa and her indirect affect on the purple wedding, the last part of the sentence is something which I have not seen anyone talk about. Who could Sansa be slaying? Could Petyr be the savage giant? Perhaps the hound? The reference to the castle built of snow could seems likely to be in reference to the Eyrie but lets not forget Jon's last name ;)

Sorry if this has been discussed before, but I couldnt find anything on it :) 




 Hi guys,

I just had a thought about a pretty cool way for a reveal about Jon's fate and Azor Ahai. While there are a lot of theories about how Jon isnt dead at the end of ADWD, I think he will die. I think that his characters body will be collected by the NW and burned (as standard practice) and he will be reanimated as Azor Ahai, fullfilling the smoke portion of the prophecy. This should mean that there will have to be a confirmation of R+L=J soon after.

What do you guys think? 




 I am still rather undecided which army I shall give my allegiance to. I am leaning towards Eldar. I love the idea of being a howling banshee, leaping around the place hacking orks to pieces. Or decimating a wave of chaos berserkers as a reaper :)

Vote your choice, give a reason below too :)

http://strawpoll.me/417280 




 Hi everyone, I would like to preface this by explaining that this post is only directed to those who perpituated the bullshit drama over the past few days.

I am sick and tired of this crap over the past few days. Why are you all still harping on about this. There is so much heresay, unfounded rumors and flat out lies being told by the public that I am starting to really feel sorry for everyone involved. This whole thing started with a few isolated incidents with sG and has now evolved into a retarded episode of Jerry Springer.

Whether you dislike swindle, khezu, tralf, PPD or ANYONE involved in this matter is irrelevant. Do you know what is relevant?

ITS NONE OF YOUR DAMN BUSINESS, if this was never aired publicly it would of been sorted out quickly and without all of this high school gossip rubbish. To those involved who intentionally spread bullshit to incite drama, you are not better than TMZ. You should all be ashamed of yourselves.  




