 But...Italy can't top...it's not right... 




 Downloaded it a couple hours ago and I love it!!  




 Are you only first discovering the awesome that is magic ocarina???? It's a smule app like magic piano but more mystical. 




 Dat tree 




 Accio. Most definitely. You can always use it to get yourself a tool to kill someone with anyways. 




 Hope you're okay with some Japanese songs;
Air Force Ones-nelly
Dancer in the Dark- Megurine Luka
After dark- Asian Kung fu generation
Alones- aqua timez
Awake and alive- skillet
Boom boom boom boom- vengaboys
Burn it down- linkin park
Byouteki kikkyu Nikki- uverworld
Caramelldansen-caramell
Cherry saki yuuki- an cafe 
Those are all I can get right now. Hope I helped!
 




 I invade people's personal space. Often.
 




 Autobots...they won't try to annihilate me. 




 I think all cable networks have a porn section. Only problem is you paid for this one.  




 All of the comments before me are so...technical (and probably correct). I was going to say photoshop and be done with it...now I have to learn... 




 Lost it at the monster mash.  









 Thanks! I've decided to just go ahead and jailbreak. There isn't that much to worry about I guess! 




 This isn't what I think of when I think of the Axis Powers...but it's more accurate than Hetalia...probably... 




 That was terrible XDD 




 Where was credit given to 9gag? The watermark? Then 9gag has written us a bibliography.  




 Reddit, have we really come to taking posts from 9gag? We're still bitching at them for doing the same thing to us.  














 The control of bamboo. Must be a lovely thing.  




 I can never get my arms to bend right so I always end up either in a strange position or using a pencil or something...

Well...I guess eyeballs could count. But it's probably not as satisfying as a ball scratch.  




 That they would. I'd find it surprising for any guy to agree with me.  




 Yep. 









 I actually read the whole thing...and about the pics. I think the preview is either legit or accurate. I wouldn't really want pics for the shit lasagna tub though. 




 The fact that my name is used in the same story as Comic Sans worries me.  




 It ran away from my computer. And it will never come back.  




 Kuroshitsuji. Just explain anime as sexy men that fight and it's also full of sexual innuendos.  




 On le front page! Congrats on both achievements! 




 Me and my friend actually had quite the debate about this. She kept saying green while I insisted black; the glass over the reflective part is green. The actual reflective part is black. What do you think reddit? 




 Harry Potter plot canyon:
Think back to Sorcerer's Stone. Remember how Hagrid got Harry from the house? 
Now think up to Deathly Hallows. Snape got Harry. 
I always found Harry Potter plot holes the most fun ^_^ ((I was actually hoping I would get to show off this 'discovery' on reddit. I'm not saying I'm the only one who noticed this though.)) 




 Go to the store and buy some of those cone facemasks (I've found a pack of four for $2). Put those on and tie something around your head. Go to every store in the vicinity. Occasionally just stand on the sidewalk. The looks from other people make this the most fun.  




 The kindergartners at an elementary school in my town (Well, two schools) all have iPads in the classrooms. When I was in kindergarten (not too long ago actually, about about nine years ago), we had blocks. Not legos. Blocks that would connect to each other up and down but you had to tape them together to make cars and such. Not iPads. Yet at my school we have two 6 year old Macs for all of us to share then a bunch of PCs. Kids need to start being kids again.  




 Want. Miko. Want.  




 (http://www.google.com/imgres?hl=en safe=off biw=1024 bih=653 gbv=2 tbm=isch tbnid=HyVMTxlXe-cw2M: imgrefurl=http://thecustomizewindows.com/2012/01/gold-nib-fountain-pen-photopraph-alike-digitally-rendered-wallpaper/ docid=EVxMK40oFrLH7M imgurl=http://thecustomizewindows.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/Gold-Nib-Fountain-Pen-Wallpaper.jpg w=700 h=410 ei=E-m6T52ZLIr68gSxz6TVCg zoom=1 iact=hc vpx=183 vpy=368 dur=462 hovh=172 hovw=293 tx=154 ty=86 sig=112649952115770607501 page=1 tbnh=104 tbnw=177 start=0 ndsp=15 ved=1t:429,r:6,s:0,i:115) 




 These are all of the Vocaloid songs on my iTunes. Some are covers, and I tried to remove any repeats. Sorry about the lack of links...it would take quite a while to link to all of these. I know there is a lot of Gakupo here...I love Gakupo and there wasn't enough of him! I'll gladly give you links to these if you would like though!

Alumina--Kamui Gakupo

Angel Flower--Kamui Gakupo

Avatar--Kamui Gakupo

Bloody Fang--Kamui Gakupo

Breathe--Kamui Gakupo

Butterfly On Your Right Shoulder--Rin and Len Kagamine	

Corruption Garden--Luka Megurine

Dancing Samurai--Kamui Gakupo	

Daughter of Evil--Rin Kagamine

Two Faced Lovers--Kamui Gakupo, Kagamine Len, and Kaito

The Disappearance of Hatsune Miku--Miku Hatsune	

Dreaming Little Bird feat. Gumi--Kamui Gakupo	

Ebony Flower--Kamui Gakupo and Hatsune Miku	

Endless Nightmare--Kamui Gakupo	

Episode.0--Kamui Gakupo		

Floating Love, Moon Flower feat. Gumi--Kamui Gakupo	

Gaku Gaku Ni Shite Kureru--Kamui Gakupo

Ievan Polkka--Miku Hatsune	

Jewelfish--Kamui Gakupo

Kaito Models World Is Mine--Kaito	

Karakuri  Burst--Hatsune Miku and Megurine Luka

KarakuriBurst (  )--Rin and Len Kagamine	

Kokoro--Rin Kagamine

Kuroi Touno Ouji--Kamui Gakupo

LOVELESS--Kamui Gakupo

Madness of Duke Venomania--Kamui Gakupo

Magnet-- Kamui Gakupo	

Matryoshka--Kaito	

Miyabi Uta--Kamui Gakupo

Omoide--Kamui Gakupo

Owata--Kamui Gakupo

Paranoid Doll--Kamui Gakupo

Phantom Of The Opera--Kamui Gakupo	

PoPiPo--Kamui Gakupo

Rafflesia--Kamui Gakupo	

Servant of Evil--Len Kagamine	

Shanghai Disco--Kamui Gakupo	

Shinkirou no Janna--Kamui Gakupo

Singing Of The Dragon--Kamui Gakupo

Stargazer--Kamui Gakupo

Tell Your World--Miku Hatsune

World Is Mine--Miku Hatsune
 




 And that ladies, is why tampons are the route to go.  




 I look back at memories from when I was a kid and since it was a while back, I can only remember a few things. Things I remember about my room are blue, my sisters room is red, and the kitchen is green. Outside is orange or white.  




 Cool! I never knew there was actually a name for it.  









 I must say, using reddit as advertisement was a wise choice.  




 Yes. All the time. I'm usually thinking about Hetalia or such though.  




 I got my mom a cake...well...I made it. 




 I would still recreationally sleep and eat.  




 ...Rammstein memes overload....XD 




 You...are...a...saint. 

Well, really I don't want to take notes to write a script tomorrow...and cleaning is too mainstream. 

But tis a valid point. I should indeed get off the internet.  




 Where was it??? GIVE ALL THE RAMMSTEIN RAGE ENCOUNTER UPVOTES!!!! 




 Yes...it was a guy that dresses like a woman. I *do* know the difference. 




 The leg sticking out is really bothering me... 




 There was a transvestite named Riley addicted to being an adult baby on my strange addiction...striking resemblance too... 




 Sometimes I do, but then I think of people's intelligence level and one of the most widely known products is a blanket with sleeves. Then I start to think that around 2010 we started going backwards... 




 Thanks! 




 "Wait...no...nevermind...we actually...and then...*insert contradiction here*...bro you just had to be there." my favorite.  




 The only students I tend to see on reddit are engineering students.  




 I think everyone needs to give this kid a cookie.  




 My teachers get all on my case along with the rest of the planet. When ever someone asks me "Why are you so quiet?" (I'm not really a quiet person...at all) I respond with "I really shouldn't plot murder out loud.  




 ...dafuq? _

That definitely belongs here... 









 http://imgur.com/RmtZU

Did my best! 




 Zelda on SNES....memories ^_^ 




 The blank spots in the packaging. They're irritating.  




 Can't...by the time I decide to get out of the shower, the water is freezing and I have to do gymnastics to rinse my hair... 




 Indeed. 




 You look a tad like Emma Watson. But these are awesome!! 




 Seen this comment on this video at least 5 times now XD 









 Well, those of us who can spell properly aren't exposed to search results that are spelled lyk d1s.  




 I would be in dire need of new trousers.  




 Just to correct....this is transformers animated. 


And my childhood is ruined. 




 I am not alone. When I was younger I always tried to put myself into a state of just consciousness.  




 Take a snuggie, phone/laptop, and snacks with for the poopy process. Much more relaxing.  




 Someone better take a cactus over there.... 









 Yes!!! Im always much better with a pen (or liquid pencil), good with a mechanical pencil, and pretty bad with just a pencil.  




 Le Jesus of bubbly beverages.  




 Well....smells is an easy one. You know that fresh 'snow just melted and no one has allergies yet' smell? Every time I smell that smell I think of elementary school and have a dire need to go on some monkey bars.  




 i find it silly i just gave it its 666th upvote ^_^ 




 Good to help the unknowing...with STDs.  




 one does not simply...create a rage comic. 


must study le art of rages. took me 3 months of viewing masterpieces to make my first rage.  




 psh...once youve seen blue waffles, youve seen it all 









 The Help. i figured it would be one of the worst movies ive ever seen considering my sister picked it ((shes the opposite of me...i prefer action/horror/blow up movies)) and the setting is quite a few years back. it was /actually/ pretty good.  














 XD Well...better not to lie! 




 actually, google is on the confirmed list of sites going down http://sopastrike.com/ 




 Indeed...especially when crash is involved *epic trollface* 














