 But it sure makes its price go up. 




 Does watching it for 30 minutes count as exercise for the viewer? 




 Don't know if I like Cersei's grit as she uttered it or Margaery's reaction. 









  Also, at times like this it can be really hard to want to spend time with other people, but see if there's a friend or family member who you can spend some time with, just talking, and sharing. Having someone with you will make things that much better to cope with.

This is paramount and very effective if you make sure you're surrounded by people who truly believe in you and do not bring you down (even in unintentionally).

Chin up. You'll get through this.

 




 They'd need to change up that colors a bit, though. Just because. 




 LOL. This reminds me of my checks/checkbook.  














 Or better yet, tell Ned Stark what's in store for him so he might come up with another plan. 









 You're right - context makes no difference, but then again, why do people still expect Tarantino to be "nice"? He's always been "I'll do/say it just because I can" guy. At least from what I've read and seen. 
























 Pretty cool. Think you can do one of "I am The Doctor!" from the episode where Matt Smith thunders at the aliens looking for Prisoner Zero?  














 Just use LastPass? 














 To be fair, this might have an edge over this season's cars! 




 And I'm replying to your comment about procrastination while procrastinating. 














 Let me know how that works out with your daughter! 




 He likes some of the DC characters, and I'm pretty sure he'd like the voice prompts (Quinn: "Got a booboo?"). While he wouldn't be much good at winning and leveling up, I think the swiping actions he'll enjoy a lot. Also, he loves emulating Ip Man, and I have a feeling he'll do the same with the characters of Injustice. That would be funny to see, but that's also what made realize that it might indeed be too early to introduce the game... 




 I'm not a parent, but I dote on my nephews, and it occurred to me that my 2-year-old nephew would enjoy the game. My partner shot me down, saying that it's too violent a game for kids. That led me to thinking about this question and asking those who *might* have more experience and a level head. 




 Yeah because brushing 3 times a day is just too difficult. 
























 You have a point. Dragons are definitely Targaryen, but she used the chest while she was Khaleesi, hence the association. But yeah, you're right. 




 El Diablo! 









 Wooden case good enough for you? ;) 









 Ah...was just going to share this link as well. Totally relate to some of those things.  









 I can see how it's called a Hobbit hole, but is it just me, or is it reminiscent of Hagrid's hut, too? Either way, that is awesome. 









 A for effort, man! She's one lucky gal. 














 Now imagine what his backend looks like. 




 He's conflicted. Misspelled surname says it all. 









 Rein it in. 




 Thor's reincarnation as a horse. The Helmworth Thor. 



















 By 40? Good luck with that. 









 If I wore cufflinks, I'd buy a pair! 




 Dancer in the Dark - fit the movie every step of the way. Killer. 




 Yeah, a little pricey! Could also do with more designs, but core concept is cool. 









 Thanks!  









 Got an Adidas bag we call Trusty. It's been around for almost as long as your Jansport, and it's still kicking butt - from laptops to tin cans and jars when grocery shopping. 









 Would be nice to have this on Chrome. Know anything about that? 














 If you like it real spooky, this list's gonna get you going. 







































