 I'd watch this and not be ashamed to admit it. like 500 days of summer. goodass movie 




 lagomorphs.* I've been yelled at about this before already. I'll remember next time 




 what about poo. your cage looks so clean. my rabbit used to just constantly leave a trail of shits behind him and I said to myself no more rodents from now on. 




 A POP POP POP POP POP PAPOW 




 I want to try this 




 those gills though. I bet he gets all the ladies 




 is that where I heard this? what's the episode I wanna rewatch it 




 about publishing a book, right? I hope so 




 was not disappoint 




 ooo throw some gold trim on his plates! 




 and equally insane buyers. some guy bought a disco volante for 2 million if I remember correct and the car is not even street legal there. 




 area:volume can't get lower than a sphere so I'd imagine so 




 ( o  o) 




 he's spinning his cocoon 




 no it's because it's fun 




 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Porsche_911 




 people who don't own this van:

1) Jeremy Clarkson 




 can you assholes stop posting pictures of beautifully cooked tuna? I know you are just doing it to make me jealous 




 But theyd be white (white) white on a sunshiney day 




 NO. WATER STONE 




 it's possible to get a solid black eye from heavy trauma but I'm 100% sure the pupil is photoshopped in. in case I'm wrong can anyone explain it? 




 and half of them are older than the wheel 




 "DUDE I'm so high." 




 you need to swim out there and dive. there's definitely an Easter egg down there. maybe a cool sword or something 




 I swear a sleepy dog is a liquid 




 you are the hero America needs 




 unicycles are a really effective means of transportation

-book of things I never thought I'd hear 




 shower beers? 




 next time you're out climbing rocks like that, think of us poor fucks who are stuck in boring flat Illinois and enjoy your life just a little bit more! 




 that is absolutely gorgeous.  




 what an adorable little 1920s sailor 




 sign him out. don't be going through other people's shit. 




 you need like AT LEAST 50 gallons to keep just one of them :( 




 it's not about staying warm it's about looking fly as fuck. I bet all the other huskies be jellin so hard 




 those classes aren't about actually learning art. they're about having fun and that's exactly what this guy did. 




 it makes no sense to me that everybody on here is claiming they have no problem with growth hormone and then simultaneously downvoting you for saying you wish it were socially acceptable. 




 his point is that nobody can deny that steroids are taboo among the vast majority of people and he's definitely right. he's just saying he wishes it wasn't the case and all you people are advocating hgh and then downvoting this guy for saying he wishes it were socially acceptable and that makes absolutely no sense regardless of where you stand on the issue. 




 thanks to David Firth 




 I don't know how you people do it but props to you. it's really cool to see how loyal and playful birds are with their breeders but oh my god the amount of work it requires is astronomical. 




 I had a friend named Quetzalli who owned an axolotl. doesn't get more Aztec than that 




 slooooowride 




 the worst part is that picture is hilarious without the dumb note :(  




 even me? 




 1000 YEARS DUNGEON FOR ALL YOU FRICKIN FRICKS 




 reminded me of the automatic pilot from Airplane 




 First off, I got my car brand new. this is in response to the guy who followed the car thief because he recognized the car from Facebook. Do people still steal newer cars? Can you get around the system and get different plates or if the theif sells, does the buyer then just drive the car unregistered to his name because I would think when you register it they'd catch you. I can't understand how stealing a car is worth the trouble. 














































































































































































































































































































































