 When I'm playing and I level up, I always click the little box to upgrade a skill. However, I was watching a video today and it didn't look like the guy playing clicked on the box to level his skill up. Is there a keyboard shortcut for this? Thanks (: 




 Exact same thing happened to me, i sent a ticket in, but they take forever to answer so i don't know what they'll do 




 I completely agree. The Capital Wasteland was amazing and just filled with a good looking and somewhat unique environment. New Vegas was kinda bland with that. It was basically miles upon miles of nothingness with a few towns and caves scattered. Nothing like Fallout 3. I think there were more locations in DC alone that the entire Mojave desert 




 Yeah, that's definitely what I'm going to go for now. I didn't even think of all of that, plus with my friends being able to play ranked they'd probably ask me to play too and screw my elo up early on 




 Thanks, I'm definitely glad I asked here first (:
 




 Well I generally only play a game every day or two so I figured getting one based on days would be a waste. But thanks (:
 




 Well I just got some RP for the new TF skin, and I have enough left over for either a 10 win XP boost or the 4 win IP boost. I'm only level 19 since I don't play too much, so the xp is pretty useful. Anybody wanna help me out here? Because I really don't know what to get. 




 Definitely the most useful thing out there so far. Thanks (: 




 That just sounds amazing actually 




 I hope so
 




 Wasteland 2? Never heard of that one. How is it? 




 I seriously hope they give us something 




 Damn, this is going to be a bitch of a wait 




 Has there been any information released about the next Fallout game? I know there's all these rumors about in being in Boston, but has there been any solid information given about it yet? 




 YES! 




 You beat me to it! 




 Sounds about right XD 




 fuck bitches get money 




 DHAB  FBGM 




 corporate espionage  




 [answer] (/spanumbrella) 




 Fuck that episode. Fuck everything about it. 




 King of Prussia lego store?
 




 This was used in the SA forums when they created Slenderman. About a quarter of the way through page 10

http://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=3150591 userid=0 perpage=40 pagenumber=10 




