 DAMN RIGHTWING WGBH shilling for the pipeline proponants 




 Its not really sexism, just human nature. There are plenty of guys that would hate a random dude who their SO mentioned was attractive. It's all rooted in insecurity. 




 Just laugh. It's completely jealousy. Hopefully sometime her husband is there and you can flirt with him. 




 Hey, no disrespect meant to any branch. I'm just trying to dispel the "durr, ure goining to military..u gonna bloww up in Irak" retardism I see all the time. The reality is that barring WW3 (which would suck for everyone) many military jobs are very safe and not very physically taxing. 




  men would rather die than kill

natural selection right there 




 Could have been Hungarians, Italians, Bulgarians, etc. as well. 




 I thought I saw a post on this forum a while ago talking about how they were sometime shot if they came back and the cockpits were sometimes locked shut. 




 Nah, did both 




 fack, I was probably in the most bullshit laden part of the military and I'm pretty much the same except some knee pain and a bunch of educational benefits.

If you wanna skip the whole danger/physical toll part there's always 90% of the air force and navy. 




 hell most people in the military don't like military culture 




 people living in a communal situation is hardly turning colleges into prisons 




 let me guess. you arent college educated?

Man, I don't really have a horse in this race but an undergrad saying something like that sure does make you sound like an entitled little shit 




 True enough, although it meant to support a college student...not a family. 




 Transferring isn't THAT difficult...and I'm sure people that got into UCB could get a lot of scholarships at less competitive universities. If 200 kids put in their papers to transfer it would make a lot more of a statement than sitting in a building. 




 yea not many people seem to consider the military option...the post 9/11 gi bill is a great deal 




 No I mean like a room with 20 or 30 people in bunk beds, hostel style. 




 IT WAS A JOKE!!!!! 




 Looking at the UCB website it looks like tuition and fees are roughly 13k and room and board are 14.5k. It seems like there would be some room to reduce costs in the room and board area. There should be an option for students to live in a large room on bunk beds and a lower cost dining hall that has less choices. Students willing to accept these conditions could have their room and board significantly reduced. This may or may not be feasible at USB but it would seem like a good choice to offer in cases where room and board cost more than tuition and fees. This is, of course, assuming that the billing model reflects cost of operations. 




 why? 




 private message sent... 




 So did you wake her up and say "hey, you pissed the bed.....it's okay, I'm not mad" 




 *thanks NATO 




 *crosses fingers and hopes Thai government establishes real Hunger Games 




 Sounds more like shit you buy in Chinatown than a "weapons shipment" 




 never stand up in court 




 ABLEISM!!! (stims furiously) 




 You should do what we do in the states....bus minorities from nearby poor districts so wealthy suburbanites can have a black kid in their english class. 




 OK, you're stupid 




 Yea, I'm not saying that lots of women might not feel this way, just that the one who do are stupid. 




 and that would be a stupid woman you don't want to date 




 That's more than slightly discriminatory. I'm one of the folks that thinks a lot of complaints about "discrimination" by anyone (men, women, white, black, etc.) are driven more by attention seeking and the desire to create controversy than any real problem. This is a real problem and pretty much the definition of sexism. You should do something about this.

This is fairly shocking to me, what country is this? 




  "Unfortunately, this doesnt display the results clearly enough". He then 
summarily dropped his trousers and shorts, revealing a long, thin, clearly erect penis. There was not a sound in the room. Everyone had stopped breathing.

Science! 









 maybe they're just better at it ;) 




 Yea...I know, I'm just picking on France because it's the American Way. I suppose Egypt or Turkey (our "allies") would be more factual. 




 Good Guy USA: hooks you up with virgins in your area that want to fuck tonight! 




 I don't hate my parents....then again I'm also not France 




 Either this is a weird repost or there is an epidemic of this in the indian-american community http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/2kzg83/i_am_pregnant_and_someone_sent_my_husband_a_sex/ 




 In the Air Force or Navy you almost certainly wont 




 this is a great list 




 While the sentiment here seems to be "no shit" (and I agree that currently that is true) I think many here many be failing to appreciate that this has not always been the case. During the cold-war right-wing, left-wing, and nationalist ideologies inspired a large proportion of terrorist movements. 




 I'm a man. It depends on context. If I am walking at night in a not so great neighborhood I view all people as a threat until proven otherwise. This means constantly scanning to observe behavior and location, clearing corners carefully, moving confidently, and maintaining distance from unknown people. Clearly I assign a greater "threat index" to a large man than an elderly woman. If I'm in a crowded shopping mall my level of alertness is less.
 




 WUT.... it's 2.85 in worcester 




 The UK these days with its extensive CCTV network, mass disarmament, and censorship seem to be the culmination of Orwell's vision.....with a dash of deference to muslim extremism. 




 The new wave of job openings means female Marines in active-duty artillery, tank, assault amphibian, combat engineer, combat assault, and low-altitude air defense battalions and an array of selected reserve units can now fill jobs at the company and battery level

I thought this was ABOUT women getting jobs in company level combat units....perhaps I misunderstood. I recognize they aren't in grunt units yet....but give it a few years. They're already sending them to ITB. 




 I'm not familiar with the TOE of every type of unit but infantry companies typically have a headquarters section with 4 enlisted (1stsgt, gunny, police sgt, and clerk) in reality it is usually expanded to a "headquarters platoon" which is squad sized and filled with people who are unwanted in the rifle or weapons platoons. 




 There's gonna be a whole bunch of "Headquarters Platoons" forming 




 Or that people have a financial interest in creating that impression. 




 It's jealousy, nothing more.  




 Thinking of it from a purely marketing perspective...its pretty clear there isn't a conspiracy against a drug for female sexual dysfunction. Clearly most women would like it........but I bet there are a lot of men with wives going through menopause that would really like it too. "Yo this pill will make your wife wanna fuck more!" is second only to "Yo this pill will make yo dick rock hard!" in terms of massive marketing potential to middle-aged men. 




 oh New Orleans.....the USA's little slice of the third world 




 twitter isn't that bad 




 well they DID get cut in half 




 Forget it Jake. It's Boston. 




 what's wrong with fake titties? 




 When I was a 17-year-old in 2001 it seemed pretty clear to me that you didn't want to take out big loans or study something that was unmarketable.  




 I was born in 1985 as well and heard plenty of the "do what you love," "just be yourself," "everyone is beautiful," BS advice the still predominates our mass media. I also realized that getting a degree field without a clear career path after graduation and taking out huge loans to do it was a bad idea. I turned down an Ivy League education because it would have required large loans. I studied STEM instead of history which I would have preferred. I guess I just don't get it...did other people's parents literally never tell them about money? Did people just assume any college degree meant a great paying job? We DID have the internet, newspapers, and books back in the day.  




 Widely used on Reddit is not the rest of the world. It has one entry on urban dictionary that makes reference to One Direction fans.  




 Sorry mom....

also....wtf is it with people on Reddit saying everything is "cringy"? Is this from the UK? The only people that talk like that in the US are preteen girls. 




 I hear they like it that way down in Brazil 




 America doesn't need you gay nerd laws UN. MURICA! USA USA USA 




 I'm sure the Germans will be able to find a solution 




 absolutely 




 and German is the largest ethnic group in America....so basically the Germans have mastered this race! 




 Then they can use money from their jobs to buy shitty food. There is no fucking "right" to Doritos paid for by the government. 




 God forbid they have a beer or a cigarette....but that doesn't mean the taxpayer should be directly funding it.  




 Damn Phil is 10 years deep in the friend zone and reaching his breaking point. I'd stay the fuck away from him. 




 In Afghanistan after one of our guys stepped on an IED and got blown in half. Running all over the scene setting up medical care, security, and calling for an evac. We didn't have time to carefully sweep for more IED's and they are usually planted in groups so I was just running around on my tiptoes whispering "fuckfuckfuck" to myself. 




 "There's a gun violence problem" Conservatives: "NO THERE ISN'T COMMIE!" because agreeing would imply there is something wrong with gun culture (a lot of their electorate)

"There is a gun violence problem in black culture" Liberals; "NO THERE ISN'T RACIST!" because agreeing would imply there is something wrong with black culture (a lot of their electorate) 




 NO it's only one party that's stupid 




 and the same thing happens from the other side when you break down the demographics of gun violence 




 Hmm, I stand corrected, it looks like NATO is doing more than I thought. I wish we were doing A LOT more.

both sides armed opposition fighters at least 20 times in the past 100 years

probably WAY more 




 Said ONE Ukrainian general and everyone denied it. I mean AFAIK the Russians have never confirmed supplying the separatists but it is very obvious looking at the hardware they have. On the other hand I haven't seen any obviously NATO equipment in the hand of the Ukrainian Army. Don't get me wrong, I wish NATO was suppling the Ukrainians but I haven't seen any evidence they are. If you have pictures or other info I would (seriously) be interested in seeing it. 




 HONEST question: Those charges SEEM to be applied to individuals who are not suspects lying to protect someone else. The federal charges seem to sometimes be applied to the suspect. Do I have a false impression of this? 




 It is against federal law to lie to the FBI (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Making_false_statements) But I can't seem to find any state level versions of this law. Why not? 




 I think this was the original use for "friend zone" ie. the guy that follows a girl around like a little puppy for years expecting her to one day jump into bed with him. One day said girl meets a guy and mr. "friend zone" gets butthurt, he professes his love for her, and she (reasonably) says something along the lines of "I think of you as a friend."

Guys that begin with a romantic interest and get rejected are not "friend zoned," they are rejected as others have expressed. This may be somewhat complicated when women say something like, "we can still be friends." Generally this may be seen as letting the guy down easy (although I'm sure it is sometimes sincere) but it can be confusing for soft-headed guys.  




 Well the Koreans have a similar version but age is the primary determining factor not who invited whom. I was suggesting culture contributes to social views, individual anecdota may vary. 




 I merely suggested that alternate views of individual responsibilities in a social interaction might be colored by the culture of the individuals involved. You seemed to be misunderstanding and getting upset. The culture is WASPs in NE United States. 




 We can't complain about people being rude?  




 In my culture the invited person should at least offer, for the host to ask them to pay would be rude.  




 Maybe she knows the picture is there, maybe she posted it. There is absolutely no upside to you making her aware of it. There IS a downside if she takes it the wrong way. 




 It may be cultural. In my culture if you are invited out to a meal you ALWAYS offer to pay your share, HOWEVER it is typically expected that the individual who offered the invitation will pay. 




 NATO arms the Ukrainians? 




 Welp, if you ever visit the USA ill buy you a beer 




 That's a lot of writing to miss the point entirely. I vote my own self interests, you cry like a baby on the internet. Looking at your posting history virtually everything is an anti-American diatribe. I smell inferiority complex. You also talk a lot of shit to anonymous strangers which suggests you are a coward that gets bullied a lot. Not far off base, huh? 




 That two intelligent people, based on the same facts, should reach the same conclusions 




 She referred you to a psychiatrist because she recognizes that your problems exceed her expertise in the area. She doesn't want to change your meds because if you show up to your psychiatrist and say "problems etc." and then explain that you just switched TWO mood altering medications it will make the psychiatrist's job that much harder.  




 depends on how much money they make 




 Yeah...these guys are TOTALLY gonna limit carbon emissions 




 Lets say hypothetically WMDs are out of the picture, America declares war on Russia, and Russia is exterminating all civilians in occupied countries. 


































 Around 830 last night there were 50-100 bicyclists riding against traffic in both lanes down River St. in Cambridge. Most of them did not have lights on and I about squished the first few before I saw them. Anyone know what this was about? 







































