 Not necessarily, there's a lot of foreign tourists in New York City and a lot of very distracted tourists. Let's face it, when lots of people go on vacation, they seem to turn their common sense off. I've seen it in National Parks, I've seen it in big cities. 




 Henry being a KGB agent working for the FBI . . . that's some The Departed level conning there. 




 New York City real estate is amazingly insane right now. Lots of very wealthy foreigners (especially from Russia and China) are using it as an investment vehicle, a place to store their money. I was listening to a podcast earlier this year and one of the hosts said that he had a friend who lived in a building in the Chelsea area and he is usually the only person in the building because all of the other apartments are owned by foreigners who are rarely ever there. 




 Probably tourists. 




 It really needs to be updated on the inside. A lot of that price has to do with location - Gramercy Park is a lovely neighborhood. I bet it will end up selling around $42 million. 




 This is a photograph of the AP Wire Bulletin that was received by KHOU in Houston on the night of April 29, 1975 (US time), announcing that South Vietnam had surrendered. 




 This is a photo of the wire bulletin that was received by KHOU in Houston (When Saigon fell it was April 30, 1975 in Vietnam, but April 29, 1975 in the US). 




 As someone who lives in a state with a big border with Mexico, I believe that there is very little that American politicians can do to stop illegal immigration. So long as there are economic/social hell holes south of the US, people will try to come here illegally. 




 [Looks like Manchester City is scheduled to play in a tournament in Australia in July.](http://premier.ticketek.com.au/shows/show.aspx?sh=ICC2015PX utm_source=ticketek utm_medium=friendlylink utm_campaign=InternationalChampionsCup) 




 Oh. 




 Oh well. 




 No, Dynamo play Galaxy on May 22nd and NYC FC on May 30th. 




 I wonder if he would have been punished if he posed with Willie Nelson. 




 The thief's mom turned him in.  http://www.khou.com/story/news/crime/2015/04/29/hpd-mom-turned-in-suspect-accused-of-stealing-toddlers-ipad/26575517/ 




 It's interesting how big of an impact the Fall of Saigon had on Houston and this region. I had so many classmates who were born in Vietnam and came over in 1975 or a few years later when Vietnamese fled Vietnam in boats. 




 I've seen a lot of these for New York City, interesting to finally see one for Houston. 




 Well done, bravo. 




 These days I feel anything connected to the term "Danger Zone" is now Archer property. 




 In some ways it happens everywhere, when a cold (or cool) front is moving in, it usually causes a warm up, sometimes significant, in the days before the front moves through. 




 Yep, and once you're arrested, because of politics, the DA will try to get you to take a plea even when the evidence is weak. They hate dismissing anything. 




 I stopped watching a couple episodes into the second season. 




 A concept I picked up some time ago was you can't trust a jailhouse snitch cause they'll say anything to get out of their charge, but a prison snitch, more believable because the stakes are much higher considering how snitches can be treated in prison. 




 /r/houstonhistory 




 I didn't know that the Texarkana Gazette was sold outside stores in Baltimore. 




 I believe it, but the original is closer to me. 




 I wonder what kind of deal he's getting offered. 




 [Nguyen Ngo French Cafe] (http://www.houstonpress.com/locations/nguyen-ngo-french-cafe-2679498/) 




 [Obligatory Simpsons reference.](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/simpsons/images/a/a7/Springfield_Tire_Yard.JPG/revision/latest?cb=20140821180148) 




 The No Neck Tony segments are hilarious. 




 Sometime in the 1960s, so same time period those cartoons were released. I only saw the image on Twitter and can't make out the exact date. 




 And the Law Schools at Georgetown and George Washington are among the top 25 law schools in the country. 




 So many of us grew up with him before we ever heard of the drug, so he'd still be a Legend. 




 That shocked me too - where from? Bic? A Pen Collector? 




 Here's a better list of soccer matches played behind closed doors: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behind_closed_doors_(football) 




 Three arrests in the early 1970s for petty crimes such as vandalism and public indecency did not prevent Woodfield from being selected in the 1974 NFL Draft by the Green Bay Packers as a wide receiver, in the 17th round (428th pick). Woodfield tried to establish himself with the Packers during Coach and General Manager Dan Devine's last season but he could not shake his problems with a trip across the country. He signed a contract in February 1974 but was cut during training camp, failing to make the team's final roster. 




 I second this. 




 Click bait doesn't bother me. 




 I'm going to say that they're incorrect about The Woodlands, seeing as Woods was the maiden name of Mitchell's wife, heck the outdoor performance venue there is the Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion.  




 To me, The Strain is a fun campy type of TV show that is perfect for summertime - I don't expect greatness, just entertainment. 




 You're more than welcome to believe whatever you want to believe, no skin off my nose. 




 Welcome to life, much of personal experience is unverifiable. 




 Source - waking up and looking at the weather station I have at my house. 




 There's often a difference between official temperature and the temperature where I live. 




 Love it, have the windows open this morning. 




 [Emoji violence: Rockets Twitter account kills off Mavericks after series win, then apologizes](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/early-lead/wp/2015/04/29/emoji-violence-rockets-twitter-account-kills-off-mavericks-after-series-win-then-apologizes/?wpisrc=nl_headlines wpmm=1) - Washington Post article 




 This happens a lot in Italian soccer due to fan violence. Also, Mexico did this in soccer during the pig flu scare that occurred a few years ago. 




 I've seen Houston hit the 30s in May. 




 I've heard quality has been going downhill ever since the new owners took over. 




 One problem with the rainbow uniforms was that they highlighted the strike zone. 




 Thief would most likely close the doors so nothing would fall out (they can fence all that stuff inside). 




 I wouldn't want to hit a Schneider egg. 




 Bait Car? 




 Hmmm, works okay for me. 




 If I have to go to Walmart, I always go early in the morning. 




 I took a photo of those earlier this year, it was over in the Montrose area by the old Little Bigs. 




 [Here's a related article from Texas Monthly.](http://www.texasmonthly.com/daily-post/texass-problem-truancy-getting-some-well-deserved-attention) 




 [Couldn't help myself.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avFq9errZCk) 




 Been on mobile and I've been referring to the car in my original post this whole time, sorry. The new Impalas (which aren't regular police issue) are really nice, especially the LTZ, which is essentially a Cadillac without the up pricing. Have seen an unmarked new style Impala, not an LTZ, outside the City Hall in NYC. 




 https://tribwtic.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/s046845785-300.jpg?w=2000 




 Season 2 should air later this year. 




 No, Chevy's latest police vehicle is the Caprice PPV, which was introduced in 2013. 




 I don't think so, they she passed out   they she acted, I think he drugged her. 




 People today fail to realize marriages back then were more like business contracts. 




 I always read he was a vain man, if only Washington had made his admiration for Arnold more clear to the man himself ... 




 I'm guessing it was his university/college robe and cap. 




 Yeah, it took me a bit to recognize him. 




 I know members from Nation of Islam have been doing that too. 




 I think she was just seriously drugged. 




 At the end, with her weird facial ticks, her vibe reminded me of a Stepford Wife - Ogre gave her some kind of powerful drink. 




 I'm in Alief and most places around here have no squeegees outside or available inside. 




 Looks like a Caprice PPV. 




 Close Up of Cruiser http://i.imgur.com/FBm6ok8.jpg 




 There's another cruiser in flames now. 
Edit: http://i.imgur.com/4wDInV9.jpg 




 It's not clear if anyone was in that cruiser, a truck full of police in riot gear chased everyone off, didn't see if anyone got out of the cruiser at that time. The images are reminiscent of LA in 1992. 




 The Bowery Boys (who focus on NYC history) tweeted it last night. They live tweet during Mad Men, Turn, The Knick, and probably during Public Morals when it airs latter this year. 




 Cersei, the Queen of Day Drinking 




 And he was NYPD in CopLand. 




 I tend to watch Louie on my DVR, nothing in this article indicates whether this rating includes DVR viewership. 




 It's nice seeing him getting more work lately, he was even on black-ish last week. 




 You can see the new style black   whites in the background. 




 Best guess is that those are Alfa Romeos. 




 Well, the Camaro in Hawaii 50 now makes sense. 




 I want to see this show deal with the fall of the wall. 




 Elizabeth telling Philip he wouldn't have liked her mother was one of the few actual laugh out loud moments in this great series. 




 There are Native Americans in Canada - he grew up on the Six Nations Indian Reserve - Mohawk, Cayuga, Onondaga, Oneida, Seneca, and Tuscarora - Robbie Robertson is Mohawk. 




 Oh, I have, several people like that - none of them grew up in Houston, or even a top 10 sized city. 




 To me all of Houston is "Real Houston." That being said, I'm amused by how people who were not born in or grew up in Houston act like anything outside of 610 is a no man's land. 




 I know earlier this year there were some guys robbing women in their driveways - snatching purses as the women were getting out of their cars. Not sure if that is still going on. 




 When I go to this location, I tend to go real early in the morning, less of a crowd. Never been stalked there though. 




 I didn't know there was still a WalMart there. 




 Congrats. 




 Agreed. 




 Probably a combo of both, that character has always been awkward. 




 Nepotism. 




 Inflation is sky high, the authorities there act like the crazy Baptists I had to endure when I was at Baylor, but I still want to vacation in Iran. 




 But Persian women are still amazingly gorgeous.  




 Awkward is normal in San Francisco. 




 Despite all the cars and activity, I see that and my mind flashes back to the Ferrari scene in Scent of a Woman. 




 They aren't:

http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/04/19/world/asia/afghanistan-jalalabad-suicide-bombing-bank.html?_r=0 referrer=

http://www.cnn.com/2015/04/18/asia/afghanistan-violence/

http://abcnews.go.com/International/isis-takes-credit-suicide-bombing-afghanistan-killed-33/story?id=30408479

http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/dozens-killed-in-suicide-bomber-attack-outside-an-afghanistan-bank/2015/04/18/3849f572-e59f-11e4-b510-962fcfabc310_story.html

http://m.nydailynews.com/news/world/isis-claims-responsibility-afghanistan-suicide-bombing-article-1.2189836




 




 State Jail Felony to kill a cat (even a feral cat). 




 Sounds like it was not a feral cat, belonged to a family that lived in that area. 




 Can't believe this bs still happens at Baylor. I know it isn't as bad as the decades before I was at Baylor, but still annoys me. Back in the 1990s, my girlfriend was at UT and I typically drove down to Austin every weekend and would crash in her room at Jester. It was a coed floor, so no big deal there. By 2nd year at Baylor I was living at The Centre and various girlfriends of myself and my roommates were always staying over - some practically seemed to live there for periods. We never gave a f about the moral rules or what ever Baylor Admin calls them. 




 My policy is to use the article's actual title (or at least the suggest title button) whenever possible.  That being said, it is important for everyone to recognize that the headline, or article title, is typically (and historically) written by a copywriter and not the author of the actual article. Considering how newspapers have historically written headlines so as to grab a reader's attention and get the reader to read the article, I feel there has been a little too much handwringing on the internet over "click-bait" lately. 




 Cause dogs are part of the family. 




 Alief 




 I'm shocked my power stayed on, had a few flickers, but stayed on. 




 I saw a post on Facebook stating that the cat was actually the pet of a women who used the Clinic the killer worked at, but no source was sited, so not sure how accurate that information is. 




 This seems like it would be a major headache for retailers in general and cashiers in particular. 




 Here's a short article about that plane: http://www.click2houston.com/news/small-plane-crashlands-on-highway-59-near-diboll/32420348 




 [Looks like the Austin County Sheriff's Department is investigating this matter.](http://www.inquisitr.com/2016341/police-in-texas-investigating-facebook-image-of-alleged-veterinarian-holding-dead-tomcat-first-bow-kill/) 




 Considering how many people have indoor/outdoor and outdoor only cats, how would one truly know if the cat is feral or not (and whether the cat is fixed or not)? 




 Ha ha ha. Mine are indoor only, so I don't have trouble with them bringing bugs in from outside, thankfully. 




 Thankfully all three of mine go after any bugs that move. 




 Cats. 




 Seems to me that it would be more difficult to pee in the sink (unless your sink is unnaturally low) than in the toilet. 




 Ha ha ha . . . oh, wait, she's serious . . . 




 Condolences  




 I used to think I was allergic to cats, either I was wrong or my body's reaction to cats has changed. 




 Glad it worked out and that they're all getting along. 




 Republicans love to fix imaginary problems. 




 As someone who worked as a server when I was in college, I always tip well at restaurants, but even I can't wrap my head around tipping at fast food places. 




 I grew up in Southwest Houston, still live in Southwest Houston. Has everything I want and need. 




 I haven't heard anything, I know some people who've held an executive position in the government, like mayor, don't like nonexecutive elected positions (house, senate, etc.) because they're used to being "in charge," rather than being one vote among many. But then again, Cory Booker, former Mayor of Newark, seems to like being in the US Senate. 




 Looks like that's what they did when he reached back into the car. Thankfully the guy in the Explorer wasn't hit, you can see him get out of his care after the suspect was down. The white car that the suspect hit first was driven by a girl who was on her way home from high school. She suffered a concussion, but no other serious injuries. 




 [Here's video of the ending of the chase, including the shooting.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE-codzpjmw) 




 If it is just property damage, and you have comprehensive, make the claim on your insurance and let them go after the other driver's insurance company for repayment. Ain't much for lawyers to win in a property damage case if it ends up becoming a court proceeding, just their billables (or regular salary if they are a "captured firm") from the insurance companies. 




 Condolences. 




 Needs an alignment, and some other work. 




 Nice. 




 The basic kolache is [a sausage cooked inside a pastry](http://cdn2.hubspot.net/hub/22592/file-13438653-jpg/images/kolache_catering_dallas.jpg). But the menus have expanded to include egg/cheese/meat combinations and even fruit combinations. The [Kolache Factory](http://www.kolachefactory.com/) is one of the big kolache chains here in Houston.  




 Anna Wintour does not approve. 




 As a Texan I have often found myself having to describe kolaches to people in other parts of the country. 




 Kolaches in DC? 




 So Henry is afraid of bears. 




 From Elizabeth   Philip.  




 I remember the miniseries. 




 Thank goodness for Hans. 




 But then Stan's there. 




 Oh fuck 




 Elizabeth be pissed. 




 Henry is the ultimate latchkey kid. 




 Not good Paige. 




 Henry! 




 Philip looks like Ray from Archer. 




 What's your favorite? 




 That's a good question. I assume there is a cost aspect (cost of purchase and cost of maintenance) combined with how the vehicle is going to be used. I assume that a Fusion is cheaper than the Ford Police Interceptor/Chevy Caprice PPV/Dodge Charger and in midtown they really don't need a lot of patrol cars with big engines. As for nontraditional cars, I did see a NYPD Chevrolet Volt, but was not able to get a picture of it. 




 He's just copying Congress. 




 One day in my civics type class in HS back in the 1980s, the teacher actually had a couple officers from the Houston Police Department come in and talk about probable cause and the criminal justice system. 




 Bob and Tim team up. 




 The more things change, the more they stay the same. 




 Loved getting to see him in preacher mode again. 




 That went on way too long. 




 Not necessarily, individual teams are in control of scheduling their non-conference games. 




 Probably, meddling busybodies love to be meddling busybodies. 




 [The term actually comes from a book that was written in opposition to helicopter parenting.](http://www.amazon.com/Free-Range-Raise-Self-Reliant-Children-Without/dp/0470574755) 




 Since the 1970s, this country has gotten really anal about "rules." 




 "Down on all Fours" that is so Wynn Duffy. 




 Nice Impala LTZ Raylan has there in California. 




 Art would clean up at Mardi Gras. 




 Well this is a party that likes to do smear campaigns against any candidate who actually served in the military and fought in a war. 




 "Parenting Police" State, not Police State. 




 I always love it when someone leaves a big gap like that and then a vehicle from another lane pulls in front of them.  




 I think Humble might use them too, but I'm not 100% sure about that. 




 MILFS in need of comfort? 




 Sounds about right. 




 I haven't seen anything to indicate that Harris County uses red light cameras. There are a lot of traffic cameras around town, those are usually mounted on the stoplight bar. Red light cameras typically seem to be installed on the medians at intersections. 




 And because of this database I find it annoying that I have to send in a copy of proof of insurance when I do my registration. 




 They have been banned in the City of Houston, but not across the State of Texas. Many other municipalities in Texas, including Sugar Land (and probably other suburbs of Houston), use red light cameras. 




 Simcoe just looks like a complete douche asshole, the same way James Spader looked like one in Pretty in Pink. 




 I'm not able to foster, but donated some money. Wasn't aware of this shelter before. 




 http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/columnists/schmich/chi-mary-schmich-david-letterman-kankakee-gazebos-20150204-column.html 




 I very much remember that episode. 




 Didn't even make her mom put it back. 




 You're making me glad I grew up in the 1970s and 1980s. 




 I'll watch GoT live, watch Mad Men live, and watch Silicon Valley on my DVR tomorrow. 




 Was watching an old episode of Law   Order on TNT this morning and he had a small talking part as a guy working in a university lab. 




 I know a young, cute, blonde who spent several months living in Hawai'i. She had no car of her own, hitchhiked everywhere with no problems. 




 Thanks to Hollywood, the actual threat posed by hitchhikers (and being a hitchhiker) is greatly overblown. 




 One of the best things about Spring time, driving with windows down and an up beat tune on the radio. 




 This article, commemorating the 150th anniversary of the assassination of President Lincoln, focuses on that period of time between the shooting of Mr. Lincoln and the effort to locate a suitable place to take the dying president. 




 I believe four Soviet diplomats were kidnapped in 1985. 




 Thought some fans of the show would be interested in seeing some of the big news from early 1983, which probably won't play into this season's plot. 




 I suspect they sent him to the Detroit job because the actor had a role on that Robin Williams' show, The Crazy Ones, I believe it was called. 




 Too hot in Houston for steel toe boots. 




 oops 




 So we can keep an eye on the people who don't know how to use Twitter. 




 I often wear flip-flops when I mow, is that okay? 




 Wish more people in America understood the concept of "lane discipline," and would stop staying in the passing lane when they are not passing anyone.

EDIT: Thanks very much for the Gold. 




 Only reason worth having kids. 




 "Seriously honey, I clicked the link by accident, I thought it was a music video." 




 I know there's a Gino's East in Tomball, haven't tried it though. 




 A few years back I worked at a place in the Energy Corridor and would go to Brothers at least once a week, really good pizza. 




 Have loved watching her grow from a ditzy receptionist into the feisty, sassy secretary she is this season. 




 Love Art Car weekend. 




 I agree, a 100ft buffer is too much of a buffer to set as red letter law. 




 Don't blame OP, that title is from the HuffPost. And, to be honest, headlines are designed to get you to read the story (and are rarely written by the author of the story). Not in agreement that the term clickbait applies here, this isn't a slideshow or fluff piece. 




 The title is a bit misleading. Filming the police is protected by the First Amendment, States cannot legislate around the First Amendment. However, courts do maintain that those filming the police cannot interfere with the police, leaving open what exactly is interfering with police. It appears that this bill is attempting to do that by setting a 100 foot distance requirement. That being said, I think 100 feet is a bit much and I do not support this bill. 




 The other day I say a couple do this during rush hour even though they were only 5 feet away from an actual crosswalk, what morons. Even if you cross against the light in a crosswalk, at least you are in an area where motorists should be aware of you. 




 I would so watch that. 




