


















































































































































































































































































 Did you look at the YouTube channel? There isn't that much content being uploaded. It is insignificant when compared to the 300 or so hours of video uploaded to YouTube in a minute. Google wouldn't even notice. 
























 "Ring around the Rosie" 









 Oh, whoops. 





























 That would be interesting. 




 I understand evolution. I was wondering how our class, at least those who are not creationist, should respond. 









 You would be right. 




 Very true. 




 Wow thanks for all the responses! 




 Great, thanks for the response 




 It's a public school in Illinois and it isn't as far as I know. 









 Well, every year after age 7. 














 Automatically shuts down on Sundays. 









 Rick and Morty hands down. 




 Exactly 









 5 minute dialog before any sort of fight scene:
Fancy meeting you here


Shall we fight?


Not before I tell you how I fooled you earlier
 




 Spirit and Treasure Planet: two very underrated movies. 




 That is really cool! I don't know of any others. 



















 Capacitive buttons? No.
iPhone 4 design? Stop.
1gb of RAM? Please!
This phone missed its 2009 release date.
 









 Don't lie, you did that. 









 [Another great resource for this learning method](https://www.hackerrank.com/) 









 Don't forget Google's [Quantum Computing Division.] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_Artificial_Intelligence_Lab) 




 They need a new business model. 




 No one even acknowledged this at school today. So sad. 




 Crock pot on wheels? 




 I agree. This is a great slogan. It is time that Google starts to market this OS so it is not always dominated by Apple in the mainstream. Maybe then will people stop referring to Android as a single OEM or phone line. 




 That is so cool! Very nice interactive 3-D model of the solar system. 




 Some keyboards have this feature. 




 Just a few:

- Flashlight toggle in swipe down settings
- Integrated screen capture and record (not the Kit Kat ADB integration)
- Integrate Google Now cards into notification panel
- Icon pack support
- Customizeable hold and swipe app shortcuts (Tap and hold on the home button and swipe up)

 




