 I've always wondered how race directors handle all of the traffic,  but this gave me a chuckle. 




 Depending on how long you were paying for Jump usually you should go with Square trade for any electronics, definitely beats all the competition.  




 Real high success percentage.  




 I think what the market bears is not always a fair price.  














 [The Hippocratic Oath was a good read, thanks] (http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hippocratic_Oath) 




 Does anyone have a documentary related to long distance running,  perhaps that could she'd some light on the advancement of the Marathon or how people from Africa live that makes their genetic makeup suited for running, I know they train hard too but it's intriguing.  




 ["Massachusetts' death penalty was abolished three decades ago, but the federal government can still execute certain convicts from the state."] (http://www.masslive.com/news/boston/index.ssf/2015/01/boston_marathon_bombing_trial_2.html) 




 Great article, doctor stuck to his ethics.  




 https://www.themarshallproject.org/2015/03/11/tending-to-tsarnaev 




 What a waste, not in the food industry and don't claim to know how it works but there must be a way to get more of this food to people who need it.

 




 What a waste, not in the food industry and don't claim to know how it works but there must be a way to get more of this food to people who need it. 




 http://tangrams.github.io/tangram-docs-assets/?procedural/tronish.yaml#16/40.7053/-74.0098 




 I came to find out the show on Netflix is popular especially in my household.  




 Best of all she didn't quit because it would of left a bad mark on her running history, 2 hrs and change for 26.2 miles is spectacle, us mere mortals wish we could run it that quick. 




 [2:46] (http://rotwnews.com/2015/03/15/ryan-and-sara-hall-to-run-asics-la-marathon-for-first-time/) 




 http://imgur.com/a/7t6DM 




 http://imgur.com/a/stHzg 




 Wow amazing.  




 I'd like to see the colorized version.  




 http://imgur.com/a/5mXGB 




 http://imgur.com/a/5mXGB 




 Very nice how much do you charge to sell those? 




 Can't wait for season 2, 1 was awesome.  




 Great heart finishing even though she could've DNF. 




 Ingenious.  









 Definitely! ! 




 
After five years of development, the Uralvagonzavod Research and Production Corporation has finalized manufacture of the first batch of Armata tanks and heavy personnel carriers. They have been included in Russias 2015 defense order, TASS said.

The new Armata armored tracked platform has reportedly combined and assimilated all the last decades major developments and innovations in battle vehicle design and construction. 
The platforms chief tank (T-14) sports an unmanned remotely controlled turret armed with a brand new 125 mm 2A82-1M smoothbore cannon. Its muzzle energy is greater than one of the worlds previously considered best cannons: the German Leopard-2 Rheinmetall 120 mm gun. 
The 125 mm gun has 15-20 percent improved accuracy and its rolling fire angular dispersion has improved 1.7 times. 

According to Russian media, the Armata tank might also come with a specially developed 152 mm gun, the most powerful ever cannon to be mounted on a main battle tank. 
The tanks turret will also carry a 30 mm sub-caliber ranging gun to deal with various targets, including low-flying aerial targets, such as attack planes and helicopters. 
A 12.5 mm turret-mounted heavy machine gun is reportedly capable of taking out incoming projectiles, such as anti-tank missiles. Its capable of neutralizing shells approaching at speeds of up to 3,000 meters per second. 
The tanks crew is securely enclosed in a multi-layer armored capsule separated from the ammunition container. The vehicle is fully computerized and only needs two servicemen to operate it. Each can also deploy the tanks weapon systems. 
The tanks targeting is reportedly done with an active-phased array antenna and a large variety of other sensors. 
The Armata platform allegedly has a fully mechanized electric transmission, powered by a 1,200 HP diesel engine. For greater efficiency, maintenance and repair schedules have been extended. 
Within its blueprint, the Armata armored vehicle has the potential to evolve into a fully robotic battle vehicle. 
According to preliminary estimates, 2,300 units are required for the Russian army.  




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsAePLKmBfY 




 According to a new design specification from the Military-Industrial Commission in Moscow, a transport aircraft, dubbed PAK TA, will fly at supersonic speeds (up to 2,000 km/h) and will boast an impressively high payload of up to 200 tons. It will also have a range of at least 7,000 kilometers.

The PAK TA program envisages 80 new cargo aircraft to be built by 2024. This means in a decade Russias Central Command will be able to place a battle-ready armored army anywhere, Expert Online reports, citing a source in the military who attended the closed meeting.

The PAK TA freighters will be multilevel, with automated cargo loading and have the capability to airdrop hardware and personnel on any terrain.

With the development of a network of military bases in the Middle East, Latin America and Southeast Asia, which is expected to be completed during the same time period (by 2024), its obvious that Russia is preparing for a full-scale military confrontation of transcontinental scale, Expert Online says. 

A source who attended the closed meeting of the Military-Industrial Commission told the media outlet on condition of anonymity that he was shocked by the demands of the military.

According to the source, the PAK TA project has been ongoing for several years now and will eventually supplant the currently operating air freighters. But such a global mission statement for national military transport aviation has never been voiced before.

It means for the first time we have the objective of creating an operational capability to airlift a full-fledged army to any desired place on the planet, the source said. This means delivering a task force the size of the former NATO and the US troops in Iraq, in a matter of hours to any continent. In the context of the current military doctrine that defies comprehension, the source said.

The initial PAK TA specification entailed building subsonic air freighters with a conventional 900 km/h cruising speed and a moderate 4,500-kilometer range.
The program involves the creation of wide-body freighters, with payloads varying from 80 to 200 tons, to replace all existing Ilyushin and Antonov cargo aircraft.
The only operating aircraft with a comparable payload is the Antonov An-225 Mriya (up to 250 tons), but this is a one-off aircraft created specially for the Soviet Buran space shuttle program.

Last year, it was reported that future military air freighters will be developed by the Ilyushin Aviation Complex, with some experts saying the company may base designs on the Il-106 cargo plane (80 tons) project that won a government tender in the late 1980s, but was abandoned after the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Now, with ambitious specifications and objectives, the PAK TA is a truly next-generation transport aircraft. 




 According to a new design specification from the Military-Industrial Commission in Moscow, a transport aircraft, dubbed PAK TA, will fly at supersonic speeds (up to 2,000 km/h) and will boast an impressively high payload of up to 200 tons. It will also have a range of at least 7,000 kilometers.

The PAK TA program envisages 80 new cargo aircraft to be built by 2024. This means in a decade Russias Central Command will be able to place a battle-ready armored army anywhere, Expert Online reports, citing a source in the military who attended the closed meeting.

The PAK TA freighters will be multilevel, with automated cargo loading and have the capability to airdrop hardware and personnel on any terrain.

With the development of a network of military bases in the Middle East, Latin America and Southeast Asia, which is expected to be completed during the same time period (by 2024), its obvious that Russia is preparing for a full-scale military confrontation of transcontinental scale, Expert Online says. 

A source who attended the closed meeting of the Military-Industrial Commission told the media outlet on condition of anonymity that he was shocked by the demands of the military.

According to the source, the PAK TA project has been ongoing for several years now and will eventually supplant the currently operating air freighters. But such a global mission statement for national military transport aviation has never been voiced before.

It means for the first time we have the objective of creating an operational capability to airlift a full-fledged army to any desired place on the planet, the source said. This means delivering a task force the size of the former NATO and the US troops in Iraq, in a matter of hours to any continent. In the context of the current military doctrine that defies comprehension, the source said.

The initial PAK TA specification entailed building subsonic air freighters with a conventional 900 km/h cruising speed and a moderate 4,500-kilometer range.
The program involves the creation of wide-body freighters, with payloads varying from 80 to 200 tons, to replace all existing Ilyushin and Antonov cargo aircraft.
The only operating aircraft with a comparable payload is the Antonov An-225 Mriya (up to 250 tons), but this is a one-off aircraft created specially for the Soviet Buran space shuttle program.

Last year, it was reported that future military air freighters will be developed by the Ilyushin Aviation Complex, with some experts saying the company may base designs on the Il-106 cargo plane (80 tons) project that won a government tender in the late 1980s, but was abandoned after the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Now, with ambitious specifications and objectives, the PAK TA is a truly next-generation transport aircraft. 




 Are there classes in Adobe Photoshop? People in this subreddit have great skills.  




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKwTh2wn1bw 




 http://imgur.com/a/DlESA 









 Great write-up, I can see his military values carried over into coaching, his interest in the intangibles of a player is what puts him over other coaces, he's going against the grain.  




 This picture should be as set as this subreddit banner for today. 




 Wow I just heard I am shocked, he had a great career, definitely a 1st ball of HoFer. Definitely puts into perspective how great John Stockton was.  




 Trying to emulate the coolness factor of underarmour. 




 Exclusive Russian footage of Space Weapon.  




 Wallace and Grommit are funny. 









 A redditor suggest i post here.  




 This rule needs to be tweaked, eventually maybe twenty years from now this will cause controversy in the most important game of all and fans will turn sour especially if it's against their team. 




 RemindMe! 9am March 23 "Enter drawing /r/millionairemakers today"

 




 I can only see a red truck running over the gentleman,  but how is Mr. Knight being placed in the vehicle as the driver?  Eye witnesses or anything else? 




 Maybe their trying to set a trend?  




 Unless the team recoups the money then a new precedent will be set. 




 Are you still running?  




 You don't any feedback?  




 I'm in the same boat Garmin Connect and Strava as a backup.  




 I honestly would invest in maybe the 210, 220, 610 or 620, their a little pricey but they last quite a bit. 




 Yes its like having an ipod full of music in them. You can still hear what's going on around you and it alleviates the nuisance of holding your phone.  









 How many do you think you will test positive?
 




 Check out Dc Rainmaker, great reviews.
http://www.dcrainmaker.com/2014/11/winter-gadget-recommendations.html 




 I personally have these and they work great.
http://store.sony.com/nwz-w262-wearable-walkman-mp3-player-zid27-NWZW262MEB/cat-27-catid-EOL-Portable-MP3-Players-Docks%20%20 




 He will average a triple double the rest of the season.  




 All I can say is wow, Joe must be glad and pick his brain often.  




 Seriously, i know the food tastes great but this is too far. 




 It's tough either way.  




 Ouch 




 Compassion she mentioned to be the secret,  I think that's partially true, she does seem happier.  




 Definitely not the first and wont be the least. 




 Robert Smith thought it was a good decision but im sure it was difficult to hang up his cleats. 




 Are they known as aggregators? 




 I'm no running expert but I partially agree, I believe he needs to find a running coach or partner heck what about Meb, runners careers don't last very long. 




 The whistle is not a sound that anyone will forget, its very harmonic.  It almost has just as much power as the US dollar in terms of context.  The dollar is just a piece of paper but because people think its worth something that's where the value comes in, same with the whistle. 




 Maybe it needs a spinoff,  better call Ken Jeong? 




 He won't be for too long with the recent recall, brand is perception.  




 They were ambushed by police officers, one of whom was using a BAR (Browning Automatic Rifle). 




 Nixon would still be in office.  




 Definitely will check it out. 




 Didn't a government agency just get in trouble for creating a faux FB page to track a victim?  




 I would pay to watch Money vs Ali. 




 Neat. 




 He goes unscripted just as Jennifer Lawrence does, that's what makes them great.  




 Interesting will have to do more research on that method.  




 And here's the other one. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRYp6Xos79k 




 Two decent ones. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VYLKyVL0j4 




 Really hefty roster bonus. Jerry seems pretty happy so far. 




 Pretty soon it will turn into Candy Crush. 









 How does the passport work and it's overall effectiveness?  




 They look so innocent.  




 I suppose that's why the suspension rate is so high, try and get as many fat paychecks before you are caught or can no longer perform. 




 Spray and pray. 




 What does she gain from such high risk.? 




 She had the least to gain so I don't think it was done on purpose.  




 I would think one catch rule would've been mentioned definitely agree,  I'm sure you can think of at least two. 




 It would definitely change the dynamic of the game.  




 Definitely will keep that in mind thanks for the heads up. 




 A lot of these rules sound like they would slow the game down quite a bit. Maybe the refs get more calls right and the players are safer, but the fans want to watch Football.  




 That's one bad picture,  what's next he'll fire's on a Piper Cub? 




 Soldiers attending the U.S. Army Mountain Warfare School in Jericho, Vt., climb Smugglers' Notch as part of their final phase of the Basic Military Mountaineering Course, in Jeffersonville, Vt., Feb. 19, 2015. Students in the Basic Military Mountaineering course spend two weeks acquiring the skills and knowledge required to operate in mountainous terrain. 




 How was Rita Jeptoo caught?  




 If you can't beat them then complain.  Is that the new precedent. Just like when the Overtime rules were changed to be fair. 




 I like it as its updated almost real time and pertinent.  Yw. 




 Ha funny that made my day. 




 I'll keep that in mind, thanks.  




 A lot of people would be ambivalent.  




 Wow how generous.  




 Air Force Capt. Alexander Goldfein prepares to close his canopy before takeoff for a practice air show on Patrick Air Force Base, Fla., March 13, 2015. Goldfein is a pilot assigned to the U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds air demonstration team. 




 I'm seeing green or blue. And I'm not talking about that dress that made the rounds earlier.  




 Wow I would hate to be on the end of that.  




 Yes. 




 Great selfie. 




 What great color in the photo. 









 http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/03/a-new-dawn-for-bibi/388081/ 




 No way I would of never guessed,  good eye. 




 http://imgur.com/qlGms7e
http://imgur.com/8hKfJ7b
http://imgur.com/oishgkj
http://imgur.com/PGNuJzD
http://imgur.com/RvGpYi5
http://imgur.com/zyNvkpt
http://imgur.com/vnZmZiv
 




 Pretty good profit,  you would think he's a businessman.  




 Do you think the candidates have someone in the inside?  




 But does the US really want Assad out? 




 Literally sweet.  




 Can you believe his hair?  




 Can't wait and see how the reelection of DeMaurice Smith plays into players contracts.  




 That's low. 




 This will give sling TV a run for its money. 




 He is a threat on every play i do give you that. 




 Wow that's a 14% difference next year. 




 http://errymath.blogspot.com/2015/03/mig-29kub-aircraft-hud-shot-in-indian.html?m=1 




 I wonder what was the purpose other than to possibly go back later and retrieve the items after closing.  




 Does every athlete write a going away letter? 




 You know ESPN will read this thread and report it as news in the morning.  




 I still can't believe Vince will don anything other than a Pats uni, hard to picture. 




 Was the "stuff" more potent back in the day? 




 Stone Cold and the Rock had brutal but entertaining matches. 




 Most households have a password for the wifi. 




 Right? When it doesn't work for my kids that's what I do. Ha. 




 Karma is a .... 




 Ouch. 




 That's not right. I believe there is a site or call where you can report. I can't pinpoint but a cell company just paid some large fines because of harassment.  




 I know records are meant to be broken but wow. 




 Is the kick really that strong?  




 Like?  




 Nine days seems fast. I know Texas alone is quite a drive.  




 That's my current one, people always ask me the story behind it, great conversations starter.  




 Does anyone remember the scuffle between the Church of Scientology and Anon? 




 Seems like a neat application.  




 http://m.espn.go.com/ncb/bracket?id=201522 year=2015 src=desktop rand=ref~%7B%22ref%22%3A%22http%3A%2F%2Fm.facebook.com%22%7D ex_cid=sportscenterFB 




 Time flies when... 









 http://www.guns.com/2015/03/13/heizer-launching-pocket-ak-7-62x39-derringer/ 




 That's pretty creepy their has to be a law against that. 




 It's a good idea but not sure it's to practical,  but if people are willing to share battery then most likely their already near a power source or should carry a power source.  









 Are you saying that there is not a 23 cent pay gap and resources should be redirected elsewhere?  




 What is the cents figure then? 




 A B-1B Lancer takes off March 3, 2015, during Red Flag 15-2 from Nellis Air Force Base, Nev. 









 Seriously why such a long outlook?  




 Like all good things must come to an end. I'm sure Trebek will still be successful maybe mews anchor or host his own show.  




 Wow what a great deal. I've only ever seen carry out for no less than five.  




 Hopefully they don't fall into the Adam Sandler trap, Sony was skeptical of his movies, he hasn't been doing so well. 




 Practical vs realistic.  




 I personally like Domino's but Little Caesars tastes better.  




 I suppose your right. 




 http://media2.giphy.com/media/upjNkHpp7g4yA/200w.gif 




 A great deal of baseball players fall into that conundrum. Greg Maddux did not have a designated team on his bust. 




 I am a Patriots fan but Manning deserves to ride into the sunset like Elway. As long as it's not against New England of course. 




 Was that how Drew Bledsoe went down or was that just a freak accident?  




 Basically they'll either block the view of those behind or I can see their gadget being stolen. 




 Does he deserve it yet? 
























 She reminds me of Chris Farley.  





























 Good one. 









 Seahwaks remind me of Dennis Rodman. 









