 I always wandered: I am not from America. Does this 499 include your sales tax? If not, how much do you end up paying,  say, in Houston?  




 Most people won't even stand where that car is in the picture.  




 I've got one for you. Maybe not original but at least never heard of it. 

You know how Google Picasa and other softwares ask you to tell them what the name of a face is that the software recognises on your pics? It is linked to a contact in your phone. In case you save your contacts with full name they know the name of that person and their face (also tel no and possibly email,  bla bla bla). Now as soon as the software knows the name and possible waits for a verification from a different user they start tracking where ever that person was. Somebody is taking a picture of something with me in the background? Picasa saves geo data and tells Google where I was that day at that time. This way a map is created of where I went with evidence. Could be used to prove you haven't done this or that but it will only be used against you.  




 Op, please share how you took and edited the picture  




 Pacific Rim. 
Everything about the movie sucks. Worst:

Acting

The fact that the monsters don't use their emp's straight away

That one of the jagers uses a boat instead of the awesome sword he apparently has 




 I down vote you for the second part of your post. What are trying to do? Shame people into not down voting you?  




 If you don't like it you don't like it, that's fine. But for me it is one of the most important things I have ever watched. Two of the main characters, Jack and Daniel, have actually influenced me a lot. I still think that trying to be a bit of both will make the perfect human being. The two of them unite traditional values and open-mindedness perfectly. They are and forever will be my role models.  




 I use the reddit is fun app where you have to click the thumbnail to open the thread. I did not want to click the cucumber...  




 This is the only stupid thing on here 




 Thank you for pointing out my error. Got it now.  




 Sorry, I did not read galaxy. I read universe. Sorry for the question.  




 When we do such an estimation, does that include observable universe only or more than that. In case of the latter, how do we estimate? 

Edit: sorry, my bad. I read universe, not galaxy.  




 Thank you! 




 I have 0% knowledge but I am willing to learn hard. 

If you could help me get started I would be very grateful.  




 I went to a Nike outlet to buy some running shirts and shorts and saw that the Nike Hyperfeel were only 80 so I bought a pair. I ran in them today and I liked it. 

By chance I walked past my usual shop and went in because I was curious what my usual salesman had to say about them. 

Long story short. He said that:
- Nike uses some of the worst foams in the industry which don't provide good support
- He has a ton of customers that came into his shop because they have trouble with their achilles tendon and their knees after using any nike free run shoes. 
- Even walking for long periods of time is bad for knees and achilles tendon. He said that if I run with them (I am quite heavy and mostly land on the back of my foot) I will have problems in the future with my hip and knees
- They basically are a shit shoe that costs nothing to make (he said $2.50 but I am not sure if he was just saying a low number) and is being sold with a ridiculous profit margin thanks to Nike's marketing.
- it has been developed in Germany at the Sporthochschule Koeln and that some people involved make their money with knee replacements
- on top of all of that he does not sell Nike because for him it is a fact that they use child labour (however he does realise that this is a difficult discussion. Anyway it is his shop so it's his choice)

He was able to explain everything very well and I have to say that I believe him but I could not find anything online so I am curious where he gets this information. 

What do you gusy think? 




 Why is that? What alternative is there that is better? Rotten tomatoes, where toy story 3 is the best movie of all time?  




 I really do 




 God I was scared when I saw I had a message but I thinks it's so good and nice. This is everything I wanted.. I showed her and she was so surprised. She doesn't know reddit and thought it would all be crap. Thank you so much.  




 I love how it is advertised. You will hear the music the way the artist intended. 

http://pocketnow.com/2014/08/07/beats-dedicated-apple-online-store 




 What can I say. Unfortunately I do care. I am a slave of modern beauty ideals 




 Nope, no beach I'm afraid. That would be awesome (in general) 




 Yeah, sounds pretty amazing.  









 I just love Germany sometimes. 

When is your flight? 

20 o'clock. 

Everybody understands. 

 









 NB looks a LOT cheaper than Nike.  




 I don't actually. And if I am honest, I don't even know what that is. Considering my wrist hurts right now, I guess I will be reading up on that tonight. 

Thanks for the advice 




 Sorry, the sandals. I'm sure they are not because I guess people would not recommend them.  




 Yeah, I saw that just now. What the hell. 

I guess I'll just keep using my running shoes then.  




 Thanks. I'll consider it. 

They look difficult to run in if you ask me.  




 My GF made that same experience. If you need to get started with easier exercise I recommend this. It's the all time top post here. It is what I am doing and I really love it. I am sure the easiest exercises will be fine for anybody. 

[here](http://www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/comments/1vupz1/rbodyweightfitness_it_has_taken_me_quite_a_while/)
 




 Hmm, I am done in about 1 hour - 1 hour 20 mins. 
I run 5 mins, do 

handstand 3 sets

push ups 3 sets

squats 3 set

pull ups 3 sets

leg raises 3 sets

vertical pulls 3 sets

then I run for 20 minutes and then stretch for 5. 

I feel like 2 hours would kill me.  




 I prefer shoes. It does not have to be THAT inexpensive. I am also not a fan of blisters. 




 Any recommendation for some inexpensive shoes for this? 




 I hate horse girls.

Edit: 
She will spend all his money on horses. 




 5' 8" 180 lbs. A mix of muscular and too much fat. Nothing ever fits. Any advice?  














 Louis Vuitton belt?

I would have not expected that from this guy... 




 Thank you for posting this. I wanted to ask you to share. How long did it actually take? 




 Haha! 
Love it.  




 I want to live in Asia, North and South America and Australia for at least a year each. I think it must be so enriching to experience the differences and would surely make you more understanding.  




 I mean that parents fail to teach this and children who don't look so cool or don't have a smartphone seem to fall behind even if they are super nice people.  




 Old people (40+) like me, which is a massive advantage at work.  




 They invited you, so you can't be that bad of a candidate. They are testing you, play along. 




 Treat people based on how they behave, not how they look or what they have. This is becoming a problem.  




 And it is true 




 In the summer: White Wine Spritzer

I get a lot of shit from my mates... 




 Because they are confident. People always say this. From my point of view there is so much more to this:

- The woman you are talking about could be a dickhead too
- Maybe the guy just looks like a douche but is actually nice and not at all a dick. I have met guys like that. But maybe they are confident and that's why you think they are, well, what you said above
- I know lots of women who are not with the type of guy you are talking about even though they are fit. You are probably paying more attention to people who confirm your suspicion. 
- Confidence makes really sexy and these guys have a lot of that.  




 Why do they always try to push boundaries? 




 Ask them something stupidly arrogant but at the same time make sure your question show that you do not actually understand yourself, like:

What is a prime number of 5?

See how she/he reacts.  




 I did and I hate myself for it. 

Edit: Ah sorry, I am not married. It was/is my GF.  




 A friend of mine works as a flight attendant. After the flight she has to hold up a basket with tiny chocolates. So many people think they are so funny when they say:

"I'll take the whole basket!" whilst making a move for it and stopping just before they actually touch it. 

Yes never knows how not to sound bored... 




 I am an expediter. 

My boss loves to make jokes about his wife expediting him. It is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooo lame 




 The article mentions real antisemitic happenings. However the "Zentralrat der Juden" in Germany is not differentiating. For them it is all them same it seems. Everybody who opposes Israel is an antisemit. They are calling for solidarity ([here](http://www.tagesspiegel.de/meinung/zentralrat-der-juden-fordert-mehr-solidaritaet-das-hier-ist-deutschland-2014-nicht-1938/10276918.html) in German) which is ridiculous. 

Not that I am saying any jewish people anywhere in the world shuld feel unsafe because of the actions of the Israeli government. However the "Zentralrat der Juden" a powerful Jewish organisation is, like the Israeli government, immune to reason and accountability.   




 Ok, that is awful. I did not know about this.  




 Forget about the evil merchant. The Israeli government is currently killing children in Gaza as far as I know. 

It is not the right way to go about it though. I do agree with that.  




 Well, same thing happened to Merkel being compared to Hitler. There are always some idiots. But I understand there is also some "well behaved" criticism that Israel does not want to accept.   




 http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2c8i8w/nato_bombed_5000_civilians_in_kosovo_just_because/

For example. I have read something similar in Der Spiegel. 




 The way I see it Israel is trying to shame people into being quite about what Israel is doing to the people living in Gaza. 

Just because the people in Israel who commit these crimes are Jewish does not mean that people who oppose them are being antisemitic. 









 I really like Marc O'Polo ()

http://www.marc-o-polo.de/

It's kind of hard to get outside of Germany but the quality is amazing and the stuff looks brillian.  




 When you post, please also post webaddress of online shops and price
=cheap (H M)
 = not so cheap (Nike)
= really not cheap at all (Ralph Lauren)
 = expensive (you know, the stuff nobody buys)

I would love to get to know some cool brand not everybody knows. 
 




 Was it really? I just ignored it because I was a bit annoyed with the fact it does not end.  




 Installed it, love it!

Thanks! 




 I am using an HTC One M7 with SentinelRom 6.0. It is based on CM11. Do you guys know how I can integrate all my facebook contacts and calendars?

I would really appreciate some help.  




 I have been doing bodyweight fitness for a short while now and I really like it. I feel good because I am doing something to improve my body. I cannot yet see a big difference but the fact that I am working out regularly makes a big difference to my state of mind. However, there is a downside. Well, two actually.

1. My thighs have become bigger and now my suits do not fit me anymore. I can almost not wear my trousers anymore when I have my phone and wallet in my pockets. 

2. I am not sure if I am imagining this, but because there is less space available between my thighs and also in my trousers, my testicles started hurting. 

Has anybody had a similar experience? 
Any suggestions how to deal with it? 

BTW second problem is much worse than number 1.  




 Hi,

I am trying to use the kernel for the SentinelRom 6.0 provided by the dev

https://github.com/CyanogenMod-11/android_kernel_htc_m7

But I do not know how. I understand that you need the zip and need to flash it in the recovery. I downloaded the zip on that page (right side of the screen) but it always says failed, when I try to flash it. 

Do you guys know how to do it?

Many thanks in advance.  




 I am asking here because I use Android and would like to nw if there is any link.  



















 I would like to find a subreddit, where people upload pictures they took in RAW format for other people to edit. 

I would also like to upload my pictures to see what other people can do with it.

I would appreciate your help. 









 I find imdb.com incredibly useful to get information about movies I might want to watch and also I like to idea of keeping a record of what I have watched and how I liked the movie right after I watched it. 

I would love to know if there is anything similar.  














 Like said I got it as a present which is why I am reading it. 

I saw that it has 7000 reviews on amazon.co.uk with 4.5 stars average which I think means that it is a very popular book. Also I heard lots of people talk about it. 

I have read the first 80 pages and really struggle to keep reading. The reasons are:

- The life of the protagonist seems super unrealistic. I read it and think that even though I know it's fiction there is no way I can believe this story or identify myself with it. 
- The jokes he makes seem calculated and also it seems like it's not genuine. It seems like he has taken the kind of humour from somebody else because it was successful.
- Last but not least I read, that he wote a second book which follows the exact same scematic as this one. I dislike that because it lacks heart. 

What do you gusy think? Shall I keep reading? 














 Hey guys, 

I have started bodyweight fitness but would like to learn a bit more about the results that I can expect if I am diligent. 

My primary goal is not to gain strength for the sake of it. I would say that I don't lack strength because I have always been working out. I am a little too fat though and I find that I cannot move the way I would like to because of it.

My goal is to get rid of some of my fat and get lean. I do not actually want to get a lot bigger because I have very wide shoulders as it is and I am quite short. I have started the routine that is suggested in one of the top posts (the one that has a picture of all the different progressions in it. I was able to star pretty much everything in the middle.

I would love to know if other people had the same goal and if they succeeded.

Oh, and I want to be able to do one armed push ups, of course. ;)

I'd appreciate any feedback. Progression picks always good 














 I was just thinking, if we were to colonize for example Mars, could we actually fly planes there? 

















































 I really like to see people's handwriting. I have seen some really beautiful ones and it always amazes me. [Here](http://imgur.com/m2545wF) is mine FYI.

To show it off please write the following sentence:

*The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog*

Apparently it contains every letter of the alphabet. I did not bother to check... 




 I moved to London 2 years ago and have been working quite a lot. 

I would like to get back to making music. Anybody interested? I produce hip hop and r b. I would love to meet singers or writers. 

Let me know if you're interested. 

Maybe you can meet somebody else here who in interested in your type of music too.  




 So, I have been reading some books and saw one video trying to explain 11 dimensions. Then I had a though. I am really not good at explaining it but I'll try my best.

Maybe the universe is not actually endless, it is just a closed loop. Imagine somebody who is only able to perceive 1 dimension. his world looks like this ------------ . He can move left and right. If you put both ends of his world together you get a circle. Now if the person would walk left (or right) for long enough he would realise he is living on a cirlce because he will get back to the start. Now if the circle is bigger than the person can travel in a lifetime, he will never get back to the start and will therefore think his universe in endless. 

If you apply the same to a 2D world the person can walk left, right, up and down. Again, his world might seem endless to him, but in fact it might just be a sphere too big for him to travel across in one lifetime. 

Now what if that is the same with our universe? Maybe it is actually folded in such a way that whichever direction you traveled you would eventually get back to Earth. Because we live in it and cannot perceive the next dimension up, our minds cannot picture such a folded 3D object but that doesn't mean its not possible. 

For me this would be much easier to understand that to grasp infinity.

I hope I explained myself good enough for people to understand. 

TL;DR: Universe is not actually infinite, just a folded 3D onject (similar to a circle in 1D and a sphere in 2D). We will just never find out because it is too big for us to travel. 

What do you think? 










































































 Religious people might object, but as I see it, there is no universal authority that determines "If you do this, then this should happen to you."  




 I think it would be interesting to know:
How much do people earn on average (maybe you can estimate)
How much rent do you pay (is that in the expensive or cheap part of town?)
How much does it cost to go out? 




 I would like to know what features you like that your system does not have, but the other one does.  


































 Even taking into consideration that 2D maps are not accurately showing the world and that Earth is not a perfect sphere, I do not understand why a plane would fly over the sea north of Russia to get from London to Tokyo (for example). Please, can somebody explain? 




