




 The piece seems choppy, a haiku and a collection or notes for a more serious piece. I can't tell whether it's lazy, both for the writer and short-attention span readers, or thoughtfully crafted and that may be a strength. The format forces you to tell the story and tell it quickly, and that may be a plus. Is it affecting and moving? Yes, so it works as a piece. It's an experimental art form that is unsatisfying but yet manages to hang around because of its short, descriptive images. But it is not the future of story telling. The writer has real talent; he took a distant memory and gave it real-time urgency.     




 Drivers will view this as D-Day in the War on Cars.  




 I wish there was a Italian section. I'm no expert, but my understanding was that one time there was a small Italian neighborhood in DC but it was displaced by highway construction. There were some Italian grocery stores, at least one was left, on Connecticut in Dupont, but gone now. Baltimore has an Italian section with great restaurants and bakeries, but I haven't been there for 10 years. ... being from Connecticut, it's one thing I miss. 

But the Vietnamese food in this area is exceptional. The Eden Center in Falls Church is great. (not Metro accessible and no help to your question) 




 Photo isn't straight.

Crop needs improvement. 
Cars are distraction. 

But great color, sharpness and detail. 

Submit to photosig.com. It's a photo critique site.  









 @kavorka2 
.. is right on the money. My unit doesn't have a front desk or elevator. My condo fee is $160. 

.. A place I once lived in that had a front desk, three elevators and a pool, had condo fees in the $400+ plus range.  




 Actually, that's a really great deal. I live in 356 SF condo studio, and this place is about 15 SF bigger. But it also has a backyard -- which is awesome. 

Considering the backyard, and the fact that you own your own place without condo fees, this strikes me as a very good price. 

A custom-designed murphy bed unit, will create the illusion of even more space and get rid of the kitchen-bed problem. 

Does it have a basement? Can you add to the rear of the house? Another 100 SF and you can almost claim one bedroom, and can you build another story?

This will sell quickly at $248.   




 In Connecticut, when I'm visiting relatives, there are many auctions that sell low-end stuff. I've picked up old photos, postcards, books, magazines, art prints for as little as $5-20. Furniture can range from $25 to $1,000 or more, but mostly lower. It's been a different story around here.  




 Iron Man isn't playing at the Smithsonian theaters, unfortunately. But once you do move here, keep an eye on its listings http://www.si.edu/Imax/Showtimes
Sometimes it shows first run movies on its Imax screens. Oblivion is playing, but it's at its theater in Chantilly.  




 It seems like the problem is the last-mile provision. If DC entered into a contract that prohibits it from competing with Verizon, cable and others, then this service is permanently crippled and under utilized. It's great that when I use Mount Pleasant Library or MLK, the wifi is running at 20 MBS plus, but it would be wonderful if DC created area-wide hotspots, especially in under served areas. Good piece by Washington City Paper. This issue needs a lot more light. 



 




 I don't know how hidden this is, but the courtyard in the Portrait Gallery is an incredible hangout spot. Lots of seats, free high-speed Net, and refreshments, quiet and peaceful and right in the middle of downtown.  Open till 7 p.m.  




 Related question: Does anyone know any good auctions that aren't high-end? (i.e., furniture costing $45K) The kind of auctions were you can find relatively inexpensive items? 









 I'm glad they are using Duct-tape gray. Let's keep the memories alive! 




 Unless you like nature, history stuff, avoid Harper's Ferry. I wish I had a photo of a sign outside a Harper's Ferry restaurant, that said: "Cheese soup, Cheese sandwich special." 

Go to Richmond. 

http://www.richmondmagazine.com/articles/25-best-restaurants-04-30-2010.html 




 Elected officials from *Florida* should keep their mouths shut. 
http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/local/breakingnews/orl-florida-political-scandals-pictures,0,7741735.photogallery 




 This isn't just about Wal-Mart vs. small stores. It's about big stores, too. Safeway prices can be pretty high, and anything that puts pressure on that chain is really welcomed. 

There's a lot I don't like about Wal-Mart. It constantly shifts the hours of its employees (along with other retailers), and keeps them under the threshold for benefits. It doesn't want full-time workers. It wages and benefits are so awful some employees must turn to government assistance, so there's some cost-shifting going on here. 

But the savings on some its products are real. For fixed income people, being able to save a dollar on a loaf of bread is a tangible thing. They will shop there. 

 




 It's good to have a sense of humor as well  









 You're kidding me.  




 Reuters is reporting that some NGOs are blaming market demand for low priced clothing. Margins are so tight that manufacturers are cutting corners on safety: http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/25/bangladesh-building-idUSL6N0DC3N220130425

It's a fair point and something to think about, even if the source of this particular structural failure may be -- and I'm guessing here -- the fault of builders and/or inspectors.  




 I like the fact that the Vegas Lounge building has survived the apartment complex invasion on P at 14th, but the few interesting buildings remaining, it seems, are gradually being removed and replaced with higher density development. 

Separately, it's just astonishing to me the amount of development on 14th north and south of U. The entire street is gradually being turned into a glass wall of complexes.

I really miss the old antiques store on 14th. 

 




 I like the description, "yet another generic 8-floor development in DC." Generic is probably right. DC needs a Gaudi to infuse some dramatic into buildings that are just blending into one another.  




 Here's an approach that was recommended to us and it work for me: Go to a condo with a front desk and just ask if any of the units are available for rent. With luck, you may catch an availability before it is listed online or find someone who isn't trying all that hard to rent their place, or learn of someone who is about to have a vacancy. 

 




 But populating it with junk content will deter readers as well.  




 This is a waste of precious natural electronic resources. 

"Hey, I found a wallet with an *ID in it*. *Gee, I wonder who this wallet belongs to?*  I should check Reddit to see if anyone is looking for it!"

Memo to Redditors: Vote this plea up for help so more people will see the value of crowdsourcing stupidity. 

Check Metro lost and found: http://www.wmata.com/about_metro/lost_found/ 




 This isn't a recommendation, just a report. I've been a member of Bally's now LA Fitness since 1998 at 20th and L. Pay about $20 a month, but new memberships are about $29.00. 

Plus: Plenty of weight machines, usually kept in good shape. Plenty of treadmills and there is almost never a wait to use them. Equipment seems well maintained.  

Lockers: Blah and ugly. Never quite as clean as you would like it. Most of the showers have limited water flow, but there's usually soap. They don't supply towels. 

If you don't mind the ambiance, it's not a bad value.
 




 It's like entering a jewelry store. You feel the hush. 

I didn't test the willingness of the clerks to let me play with the equipment. Some nice camera bags as well, although I didn't check them on price. 

The other day when I walked by it, I saw a customer standing just outside the door with someone who appeared to be a sales rep. He appeared to be testing out a telephoto lens. I saw that as a good sign for the store.  




 *Replacing* physical colleges? No. Augmenting? Yes.  




 Wow -- 

the programmer makes one direct and one indirect suggestion for combating this 

(1) have programmers from both parties review the source code 

(2) if election results vary significantly from exit polling data, that polling data may offer a clear reason to investigate election. 

Finally, these allegations deserve a major investigation by federal authorities and Congress. 
 




 It's just amazing that there are bears in the woods.  




 It should have been titled "7 Made-Up Reasons Apple is Worse Off Than You Think." 

This post makes it appear as if Apple's idea factory is bankrupt, coasting, running on empty. Seriously doubt it.  




 I live in Adams Morgan and parked off-street until I gave up the car. It wasn't easy and I could spend 20 minutes, routinely, driving around waiting for a space to open up. 

RPP fees would make no difference. Zero. Higher RPP fees is a nit in the calculation of whether you can live without a car. 

I gave up owning a car only because I didn't need it. Adams Morgan may be awful for parking, but it's well served by buses and the Metro lines aren't a bad walk. My job didn't require a commute mandating a car. 

But I know people who need a car to get to their place of work. If you need to jump on a bus, jump on the Metro, and then a bus again, that commute just won't work. A car is easier. 

For that matter, there are many neighborhoods in DC were bus service is not as regular as it is in close-in neighborhoods. I rarely have to wait more than 10 min for a bus. But some bus lines may not hit a stop for 30 min, 45 min or longer. 

All I can say about parking minimums is that ship has sailed. Many of the apartment complexes in Adams Morgan were built in a time when cars weren't an issue. My building only has a handful of spaces. I see no gain in demanding that newer buildings add more parking because my building was built with very little parking. 



 




 I lived in the Jefferson House for about 10 years. Only moved because owner was selling unit. I was on the top floor. Very quite. Never heard neighbors. Solid cement/brick building. Front desk was great for getting packages and the like. The building doesn't allow washer/driers in units but has laundry room. The pool is nice. Elevators are relatively new. Combination long-term residents and grad students, mostly. Never been inside the President. 

One thing regarding noise: If you have a unit in the rear, to the right (if you are standing in front of the building), the GW students in the townhouses below and sometimes in the student housing (former hotel building) at K, sometimes hold very loud and noisy parties until 2-3 a.m. Generally, this noise never bothered me, but it could be more of an issue on lower floors. 




 You can contribute to the museum by taking out a membership. It comes with a great magazine and 10% off purchases. They also have donation boxes near entrances.  




 I'll endorse that. The NPG is a gem -- and it's open to until 7 p.m. 

It's courtyard is awesome. Here, in the middle of a very busy area, is a wonderful place to sit. Free WiFi, too. I think the speeds are around 20 mps. 

 




 DC is top tourist attraction. It would not surprise me if some people cross DC off the their list of vacation possibilities because they'll read this stuff and say "the Smithsonian is closed!" -- 

If this leads to lost tourist dollars, that will really hurt.  









 It's obviously not spam. I live in DC. I read local blogs. I don't contribute to Reddit but thought I'd give it a try. But look at her blog. It's real and authentic and its about DC. If you are moderator and you have access to email from members, then look at mine and it will tell you who I am.  




 I submitted the link; who are you and why does it matter? It's not my blog -- I just thought the parking photos were interesting.  














 Excellent point  




 It can do basic editing. The native tool on the machine doesn't offer much, but the apps store is loaded with some very good photo editing tools. It adds a step to upload, but generally it's a minor issue.  




