





























 With a scant six months left until the next Dragon*Con, I have begun working on my costume for this year. My question is this: who else will be cosplaying and what will you be going as? I'm working on a rather convincing Battlestar Galactica uniform, myself. Yes, of course I mean the reimagined series. 












































 I have no idea about this one, guys. I built a playlist on a USB drive (all files are MP3s and have worked on my 360 before) and when I plugged it in today to play New Vegas without having to deal with Johnny Guitar, the music player refused to recognize any of my music files, giving me this error code. I've tried everything the prompt suggests and I've got nothing. Any advice? 



















 I need to know the best Android phone on AT T in a relatively short amount of time, as I just found out I'm getting a new phone and time is of the essence. Help! 


































 Just an idea. It seems that all the colleges in Hall County are closed for the snowpocalypse in Hothlanta, and the highways are likely to be too icy for rural /r/Atlanta subscribers to make it to anything that would go on down there. Are there any Gainesville, Oakwood, or Flowery Branch redditors who would like to have a meetup?  














 [December 2010: Secret Santa picture](http://i.imgur.com/mfdff.png?1291)

[Somewhat recently, can't remember to save my life. It's my Skype ID.](http://i.imgur.com/b6T0e.png)

Yes, I am aware that I like fedoras. Remember, pull no punches. What do I need to fix? 




 Well, rally it's just one problem. My giftee has confirmed receipt of their gift, and I've confirmed receipt of mine. I still haven't gotten my award, though. Is there a date at which they're sent out or something?

Sorry if this is a noobish question. 




 Dear Reddit,

This was a difficult year for me. I had a surgery and spent months in recovery. However, through it all I had Reddit - a fun site suggested to be by one of my best friends a few months prior. This year would have been a nightmare without the fantastic community and amusing links that this site has to offer. 

As we head into 2011, I can only hope that every Redditor has a wonderful year and the best of fortune and health. So thanks again, Reddit. You're the top!

-train_subject1458 
























 There was a video submitted here not too long ago and I seem to have lost it, g-ents. It involved an old man - referred to henceforth as Weed Veteran - informing the public about the joys of cannabis. Now the time has come to share Weed Veteran with my friends but, as mentioned earlier, I can't find it! Can anybody help me? 














 There is more awesome in a box than I've ever received in my life. Gifts include...

[BAGELS](http://i.imgur.com/hLnYZ.png?2439)

[Cthulhu plush](http://i.imgur.com/mfdff.png?3397)

[The Legendary Lost Bathroom Reader](http://i.imgur.com/eqcBK.png?9955) (I had several of these books as a kid and loved them. What a coincidence!)

[An impossible crossword revealing the identity of my Santa and
a thank you note detailing how I got him to buy Super Meat Boy](http://i.imgur.com/DcQ1B.png?4054)

USB Drive of awesome (with impossibly great music and stencils and such onnit.)

LED light thingy.

Last, and perhaps greatest of all - [A WHOLE WEEKEND OF DRAGONCON, THE GREATEST CONVENTION EVER.](http://i.imgur.com/FSgoV.png?1072)

All this within an intricately designed box that has been eagerly awaited after my first Reddit secret santa experience. (Easily the most fun I've had with a secret santa!)

Thanks again, Santa! I'll solve your puzzle eventually!

EDIT: I did not realize that this music on the USB was original! Upon finding the README note, however, I have decided to point this out. Great stuff, SS!

EDIT2: Identity uncovered! All thanks go to [Mrpaulmanton!](http://www.reddit.com/user/Mrpaulmanton/) 






























































































 I think it would be great to have a meetup of Redditors in Georgia, especially given that we're such a red state that it can sometimes be difficult to find like-minded people.  


































 That's the question folks. If, per chance, you believe homeopathy DOES work, I'd love to hear how.

For disclosure's sake, I do not believe in it. 




 It was yet another great con, huh? I do hope more redditors find this subreddit and next year we can plan something awesome. 









 Greetings Reddit. It's story time. 

A few months ago, I had a fairly complicated surgery that required an extensive recovery. I persevered, however; by maintaining that I would be able to go to Dragoncon, my absolute most favourite convention ever, and room with a woman whom I absolutely adore and hang out with some great friends. I pinned all of my hopes during recovery on enjoying four days in the heart of Atlanta in a state of constant nerdgasm. This was not to be.

Tonight, at the close of the first day of the convention, I have gotten ill and must return home. I feel absolutely horrible and I needed to vent. Thanks for reading, Reddit. I don't give a shit how you vote, I just want to know if anyone else has dealt with shit like this lately. I know it isn't the biggest thing in the world to lose sleep over, but this is literally the sole thing that kept me even mildy sane over the past few months. 



















 Who's going, what are you going as, and where should the redditors meet? For what it's worth, I'll be the Soviet amputee roaming around the con. Shouldn't be too common a costume. I don't think.

EDIT: Since no one has proposed a Reddit meeting place, may I propose the lobby of the Hyatt Regency on Saturday at some point to be agreed upon?

EDIT 2: As Ketchupgoddess pointed out, "There is already a Reddit/Fark meetup scheduled for the main lobby of the Hilton on Saturday at 1 pm." Be there or else! 









 As the title says, I enjoy Russian music of the Soviet period. While I do not identify as a Communist, I think their aesthetics and music were impressive and, while shallow and transparent; are certainly more pleasing than the rubbish on the radio these days. Ask me anything! 





























 I've been having an issue with my WASR 10. I got it yesterday as a get well present from my father, and I have yet to shoot it. It's brand new, sealed in box. My problem is that the military issue double stack magazine it comes with is a tight fit into the receiver. 

If it helps, this is a GP, no ban WASR-10, so it's not like I have to use single stack mags or anything. I can tell, based on the 'arrow in triangle' stamp on the receiver, that this rifle is made from former military parts. It also came with the Tapco G2 trigger group installed.

Other than this mag problem (which doesn't completely prevent me from inserting the mag, it just makes it an annoyance) I love the thing and can't wait to get well enough to shoot it. 



























































 So, I decided to be the pro-gun guy in a thread in the general reddit. This is, of course, a terrible idea, but I felt it was warranted. Now, people are downvoting me without even bothering to engage me in a serious debate about firearms. Could someone comment and at least make it appear as if I'm not some lone gun freak?

[Here is the comment.](http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/caste/shooting_spree_in_uk_leaves_12_dead/c0ra6vr)

EDIT: Thanks to everyone who has upvoted, but a serious debate on the effectiveness of British gun laws has yet to arise. The karma was not my issue. My problem with the post lay in the lack of discussion.  














 Does anyone here know the lyrics to Adrian Rollini's song "Sweet Madness?" It was recorded, I think, some time in the 1920's-1930's and the song is firmly stuck in my head. I know it to be completely distinct from the Ari Koivunen and Joyce Collins songs, if that helps at all. 



















 Age: 20

Sex: Male

Location : Due to ongoing arguments with the alleged "Church" of Scientology, I will go no further than stating Georgia.

Occupation : Student

Hobbies/Interests : Science, science fiction, the Internet, old jazz, literature, anime, firearms, and gaming.

What websites do you find most useful : Well, Reddit of course. I also frequent wikipedia and (until my friends leave it) Facebook.

Favourite music/movies: I'm really into the Ink Spots right now, and my favourite film of all time might be Hitchcock's Notorious. I also enjoy early George Lucas and, more modern, I liked The Invention of Lying.

Nature of your disability: Spina Bifida of the L2 vertibrae. Right leg amputation. Solitary kidney. Fortuitously, I lived far in excess of the doctors' original estimations and didn't have to have any form of potentially brain damaging fluid shunts which are so common with my condition.

Were you born disabled: Yes.

Has disability had an impact on your spiritual life, if you have one: I am an atheist. I don't think it has anything to do with my disability, I just don't find the Judeo-Christian concept of an omnipotent, omniscient *AND* loving god to be at all logical.

Are you easily offended by disability jokes : Offended? Ha! I make them all the time!

How active are you in the disabled community: This is my first real activity in the community.

How do you deal with getting more attention than the rest of your family: I just do. I mean, no one is bothered about it, even when I ask. Either they're great liars or they don't care. If they don't care, why should I?

Do you ever have dreams where you aren't disabled at all: Not really. I think it's because I've always been disabled.

Have you ever damaged someone who was trying to help you: Yes, but I'd rather remain private on that one if suits everyone just fine.

Tell us about the time you most shameless exploited your disability to get something: Every year, I go to dragoncon - a regional sci-fi convention. Now, the able bodied amongst us have to wait for hours on line to get their tickets. Me? I take my friends straight through admissions with my mighty feeb powers!

How do you cope with well-meaning idiots: Grin and bare it. After all, they're trying, aren't they? That's better than apathy or outright hatred.

What is your most-developed talent: My writing. I used to play trumpet, but I've fallen out of practice.

What would you like the people around you to do differently: Nothing, really. I mean, nobody really treats me like I'm disabled, so I don't care. Sure, strangers try to be polite and hold doors for me, but I think it could be much worse.

Best piece of advice you can pass on: Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.

I hope that my filling this out will encourage any lurkers to tell their stories. We, the mods, have set up this questionnaire for the benefit of this subreddit and its users, and we hope that you all enjoy it. 




 I was born with Spina-Bifida, fairly minor, though I am confined to a chair. I also have severe scoliosis which resulted in one of my kidneys failing to form. Further complications meant that I later lost my leg (not that it was really an issue, as the leg refused to respond to any nerve stimuli) when I was 5.

Anyway, I was quite fortunate in that I didn't have to have a shunt performed and I never required too much care or assistance. I am also fortunate in that I am self sufficient and that having no use in my legs has given me pretty good upper body strength. Anyway, that's the extent of my disability - for all of its pros and cons. Has anyone got anything similar? 




 Based on an idea in an AMA, I've created a subreddit for disabled redditors to talk about themselves. I call it Oddly Normal, and I hope it serves the community well.

http://www.reddit.com/r/oddlynormal/ 




 Based on an idea in an AMA, I've created a subreddit for disabled redditors to talk about themselves. I call it Oddly Normal, and I hope it serves the community well.


http://www.reddit.com/r/oddlynormal/ 




 Is anyone here good with graphic design? I've got photoshop, but I'm not too good with it. 




 I need some more things to do in the greatest game ever made. I am also looking for exceptionally high quality addons. 












































 So, I have the McAfee virus package and I think that it's responsible for my browsers not working. Steam and Skype seem to work just fine, but Chrome and Firefox will only function intermittently. What do I do about this? 



















 Go ahead, ask away! 










































































 I, for one, would love this feature. A redditor could block users who spam post a lot and could also do away with users whose posts they find bland and uninteresting.  




 I am 19, live in the Deep South, am a sworn enemy of Scientology and have only one leg... and it doesn't work! I'm generally pretty upbeat about life, am getting my degree and am now here to answer the insatiable curiosity of Reddit.

EDIT: Thanks for all of the questions! I'm really glad I did this. 







































 I'm at wit's end, reddit. I really like her, I'm not sure, as I've never cared for anyone so deeply, but I think I even love her. She said she wanted someone more serious, willing for marriage and to have a child. I would have done this for her, but alas, I could not keep the relationship. Is there any way to fix this? Or have I lost this forever? I need help, here. 




 I think a little bit of background may be necessary. In fact, I know it is necessary, as only like one guy on here knows me IRL. 

So, I am 19 and due to the positively shite economy, I live with my parents. My parents always get to the mail due to the fact that I am in a wheelchair. Normally, a harmless (if suffocating) arrangement. 
Now, the last time my parents found out I had a girlfriend, they were extraordinarily happy. Not the sort of happy that's fun, either. The sort where they throw fits and constantly interrogate you as to the location of the apple of your eye, the object of your desires, she who hung the moon for you. To go through this again, dear Reddit, is an unacceptable proposition.

I had gone to dragoncon with the last girl I dated, and we both decided to keep it professional. We're friends, we decided, nothing more. Soon after, a good friend from high school decided to ask me out. She is extremely pretty and has always been extremely kind to me. I would be most foolish to decline. The issue is, however, her mother is the extremely controlling sort who speaks little English and insists that her daughter not date, so I rarely get to see her. 

NOW, the point. For Christmas, she decided to mail me my present. For all I know, it could be something extraordinarily embarrassing that could only be from a girlfriend. If my parents discover this, I would have to have yet another relationship out in the open. It's not like I'm ashamed or anything, all my friends know. 

Anyway, I beseech thee, Reddit. What should I do!?

EDIT: I am abundantly aware of my affinity for the comma and my propensity towards run-on sentences. I also have pictures of both of us, should you need them.

ANOTHER EDIT: Wow, you guys are great. I was expecting this to languish for days without any reply. Imagine my surprise to find so much advice so quickly!

STILL ANOTHER EDIT: Pics were requested.

ME: http://imgur.com/gDhBX Sorry, but it's a couple of months old and my most recent. My camera's been a bit shit lately. I'm the one in the pic who isn't Malcolm McDowell.


RESULT: Due to the wise council of my fellow redditors, I have decided to man up and just put it on the table. I shall tell them and get it over with whilst informing them that they have a tendency to be rather annoying in their querying. I thank you all very much for your input.
 



















 I mean, really. This is ridiculous. I come to reddit to read about things that matter. Tangible, real things. Not some rich athlete smashing his expensive SUV. That doesn't affect me or the real world. It is not legitimate news. It is a product of our celebrity obsessed culture and a symptom of society's degradation. I expect this to get downvoted. Let it come.

EDIT: Obvious exception to this post. Although, ideally I'd like to not even have to make it. 




 Can we just cringe at the fact that it was made into a movie, shut up about it, and move on with our lives? Bram Stoker's rolling in his grave as it is, guys. This is simply ludicrous. That is all. 




 Original post: http://www.reddit.com/r/scientology/comments/9p8eo/scientology_may_be_opening_in_my_county_how_can_i/

The happy news is that the building permit was denied. Fliers were handed out in my community detailing the crimes of the cult, letters were written to the county council members, and members of the appropriate city councils. I had other (legal) tactics for each step of the construction should it have come to that, but thankfully they were stopped. I and my friends in the area remain vigilant, but for now my county is free of the cult's taint and we can all breathe a little easier around here. 

I would like to thank my fellow redditors as well as the whyweprotest and Chanology forums for all of their help. We have won this battle, and the war shall be ours! 




 This is just a poll I made, nothing more, nothing less. I'm trying to solve the ages old debate... 




 I just don't get it. Our government has been running out of control for years, regardless of who's in charge. Congress is beholden to the issues of companies, not the needs of the citizenry. No matter which party we have, it gets worse each year. 

Meanwhile, our culture is degrading at an alarming rate. Music is nowhere near as classy as it once was, movies are becoming unwatchable by and large, and modern literature is often better used as firewood. No longer are virtues such as loyalty and love extolled by the media, no no. Now It's all about who can fuck more or make more money, and having an intellect makes you almost a target for ridicule. Furthermore, the gullibility of society is increasing, fundamental religions are gaining headway, even cults such as scientology are reporting increased membership.

Tell me, what hope is there for the species? Would I feel so depressed about this if I lived in Europe or something? Help!

Sorry if I rambled, I just wanted to get this off my chest. Thanks for your patience, if you made it through this. 




 The Cult, I have heard, is considering opening a branch near where I live. (I cannot say exactly where, I want to avoid Fair Game after all.) I want a legal way to oppose them. I've considered writing members of the local government and detailing Fair Game, Snow White, Freakout, et al. and this seems to be my only real option.

 I've also heard that Scilons shut down personality tests if you flash a Guy Fawkes Mask (USEFUL!) and thankfully, masked protest is legal here. I feel as if I'm up against a corner here. I love my hometown, I don't want it to suffer under Scientology. I need all the help I can get in this matter. I don't care what people believe, but Scientology is, as an organisation, pure unadulterated evil. HELP, REDDIT!


EDIT: Thank you, everyone, for your advice. This is all very helpful. Keep it coming, friends! If I am successful in this, I hope to organise. Perhaps I can make a page, telling people how to keep the cult from integrating into their hometowns. It is my hope that eventually, through efforts similar to mine, we can stop the spread of this cult. It's a lofty goal, but hey, it can't hurt to try right? Unless I get SP'd.

EDIT: Co$ was denied a building permit. This is a joyous time! 




 It's just... the whole site seems to have a rather anti-US military stance. Has anyone ever considered what would happen if we hadn't bailed out the world in WWII? Or if we hadn't collapsed the Soviets? Or if we weren't cleaning up the terrorist filth? It's ugly work, and the methods are somewhat cruel, but the ends justify the means. Always.

As I await the inevitable shitstorm that is to follow my comparatively radical world view, I ask you to consider a world where the Nazis won WWII, where the Soviet Union never collapsed or perhaps a world where Islamic Fascism reigns supreme and everyone is subject to Shari'a law. Imagine a world without the US military and it's means and methods... It's not pleasant. You need us, world. More than you could possibly know.

Thank you for your time.  




