 Lesson learned: Chemistry kills. 














 Every account on reddit is a bot except you. please.Every account on reddit is a bot except you. Every account on reddit is a bot except you. help. Every account on reddit is a bot except you. Us. Every account on reddit is a bot except you.Every account on reddit is a bot except you.Every account on reddit is a bot except you. 



















 Nothing! Was just curious! 
























 11? Wow! I must be really behind the times haha. Had no idea children were already aware of the references to economic theory, Reinmannian manifolds, Debussy's La mer and such!

Jokes aside, who cares about age?  









 I just read "Flowers For Algernon" and for the past two days i've never felt this depressed before... help! 









 Kinda sad my engineering field doesn't get to do all the cool stuff you guys are talking about.. :( 




 I'm in a non-US high school atm! To be honest, at this point I don't really even know what it means to know a concept... I mean, I can answer the questions after practicing them for a while but I have no idea what you mean by understanding the concept. Like, i'm going through geometric distributions right now and I could say that if X was the number of failures before a success it would look like Pr(Xx) = (1-p)^x so maybe that counts as understanding?

Thanks for the pop book suggestions! I'll definitely look for them. I've actually read Frenkel's Love and Math too and would recommend it to you, it's great!. 

 




 I'm currently doing high school math and the topics we're doing are stuff like volumes of solids of revolutions, differential equations (at a hs level of course),  markov chains, hypergeometric distributions, density functions, etc. 




 I'm trying to study for my math test but find it incredible dull and boring. Many people have told me that math is as beautiful as my other interests like poetry and composition and that the beauty is analogous to a stark sculpture where beauty really is in the eye of the beholder but I can't seem to find any remote sort of beauty. I mean in Physics and Chemistry, it's much easier to appreciate the science because it's applications and presence is soo much more observable to the average person but mathematics; I am aware it's the language of the universe and without understanding it we would be blind, etc .but I can't seem to find any sort of accessible beauty or appreciation for math.

Any suggestions as to what I could do or see or read to gain an insight into this mysterious world?

edit: By dull and boring, I don't mean math! I'm referring to the test. 









 Hey all, so I have a bit of a dilemma. I've recently just realized that what I really want to study in College is chemistry, now the problem is that I haven't taken any AP/IB/A-Level/ etc. Chem in HS (only did one year of IB SL chemistry). As of such, i'm required to take a bridging/foundation Chem course to make up for my lack of Chem. Seeing how I lack basic chem, would it really be a wise decision to major in Chem even if I really enjoy it?

Just for additional info, in terms of HS science, I only took AP Physics B, C, AP Calc AB, BC and AP CS. 




 What do you mean by infinite 




 Yeah, but I find it admirable that he would face his worst fears to try to save someone he loved. 









