 Look at Portland, OR. No fluoride, beautiful, friendly city. 




 Take a guess. 




 Games are my passion. I love games because they are a powerful way to give someone an EXPERIENCE.  The encompass everything that movies have, charactors, story, visual effects, audio, music, lighting, etc.  AND they allow the person experiencing them to interact with the game world as if they are part of it.  The are the best outlet for my creativity short of dreaming (which unfortunately I can't share (yet =P ) ). 




 Like skipping? Try spicking! A combination of skipping and spinning, it is over twice as fun as normal skipping and still 63% as efficient as normal walking! 




 Let's take skipping back! 




 So invoking your rights gives cause to assume you are a criminal?! 




 My dog is terrified! I found her hiding under the stereo system when I got home. 




 Organized atheism is just another religion! I don't care how much you down vote me, it's still true! 




 Y tu Mamma tambien. 




 Atheism is just another religion. 




 Why do you think it is more difficult now? 




 We need to simply dissolve the system by no longer participating in it.  Reorganize in hyper-local and online communities.  Do not pay taxes.  Reduce your reliance on currency.  Produce yourself everything that you can. 




 I will never understand the supposed correlation of liking bright colors and liking dick up the a.. 




 I took a course on Unity3D a few months ago and I'm now employed as a game programmer.  Note, I do have about 3 years professional coding experience. 




 You are definitely on the right track.  Learning to program IS the most important thing if you want to program games.  C# is good next move.  I recommend downloading Unity3D now and start C# programming with that.  This will get you creating games right away!

Have fun and good luck! 




 What a beautiful human being. 




 just did a ctrl+F "club" and downvoted all matches. 




 Education should be free and available to everyone, regardless of wealth or test scores.  All that's should be required is a desire to learn.  If we spent a tiny fraction on the amount we do on war, we could accomplish this.  We also need to remove the corrupt influence of business and self-serving politicians from the education system.  This would lift our society up more than anything we've ever tried. 




 Are you seriously arguing that we shouldn't increase the accessibly of education because some people still might not be able to afford it?!  So we should perhaps make it more difficult for "the 50%" to even things out? The more educated our society is the better off we will be, and indeed the more equality will ultimately see. 




 Why do atheists need billboards to proclaim their nonbelief? To somehow even things out?  It is absurd.  It is everyone's right to choose what they believe or don't believe. You DO NOT have to act all butthurt because your belief is not the most popular one. 




 That's some original thought you've got there. 




 Christians sometimes DO deride people for not believing what they believe. As do some atheists.  




 Your comment makes me reflect my own thought process, and for that you have an upvote.  I'm not sure if I agree with you though. 




 ignore him? 




 he will have to eat exponentially more each day to get the same effect 




 I was just coming here to post this one, but you did it funnier. Good job. 




 Ok.. so did this ad change its text to reflect the most popular comment?! How much fun can we have with this?! 




 What is this symbol? 




 I find this rather presumptive of Netflix. If I'm watching Weeds I really want to watch the opening because a different band covers the opening theme in each episode.  Also there NEEDS to be an option to turn off auto play so you can watch an ep while you fall asleep. 




 What I don't understand about /atheism is why there seems to be a false dichotomy between Christians and Atheists, as if those are the only two options and that the Christian view of God is the only possible one.  Many people have belief in something they call "God" which bears no resemblance to the spiteful, meddling Man in the sky.  It seems like a straw-man argument to me. 




 uh.. you're thinking of Israel? 




 Annyong. 




 Saying "Guns don't kill people, people kill people." is like saying"Toasters don't toast toast. Toast toasts toast." 




 Did they just show the ending of the movie in the trailer? 




 Other ways to make your life not suck so much:
1. Live with other people and split up the division of labor so you don't have to shop, cook, and clean as often
2. Shop at a food co-op where the people are friendlier and less dead
3. Better yet, start a garden and grow your own food
4. Bike to work
5. Don't work a mind-numbing job for 50 hours a week
6. Weed 




 Think of the buttloads of debt you are not getting yourself into!  Nobody really cares about degrees anyway. 




 That makes no sense. 




 how many upvotes can you fetch with a pun like that? 




 it's only getting more legal. 




 Freedom of the press and freedom to investigate and criticize corporations:
http://animalrights.about.com/od/animallaw/a/What-Are-Ag-Gag-Laws-And-Why-Are-They-Dangerous.htm
http://www.wired.com/wiredscience/2013/05/ag-gag-public-health/ 




 taste of your own medicine 




 you're telling me this is a SHIP? so it rocks back and forth in the ocean? 




 I had a phone stolen while I was dancing a show.  When I got home, I got on my computer logged into Lookout and saw the phone was about 45 minutes away in a park.  I drove there and then it showed up as being in a house. I decided to come back in the morning and the phone registered as being in between two houses, so I went to each of them and rang the bell.  The first one was a Mom of two teenagers who swore her kids were no where near a club the night before.  The second one was an older lady.  I persuaded her to let me borrow her computer so I could show her where the phone was located.  Finally, she gave me her phone and I called my phone. We heard it ringing in the neighbor's yard next door! (The Mom of the teenagers).  I went back there and the Dad went around to the backyard and retrieved my phone.  The screen was cracked but it was still functional.  It had been locked out from too many pattern lock attempts.  I think someone tried to get it and got fed up so they threw it over the fence into these people's yard.

Amazing that I got it back, and it served me well for another year until I dropped it in my dog's water bowl. 




 Thanks for your reply! Just for that, I googled you and I think I remember watching Perfect Strangers when I was a little kid, so we're not such strangers after all! 




 am i supposed to know who you are? 




 Broken clock.. twice a day. 




 wouldn't work because the Earth would have moved on by the time the light goes there and back.  you could see "back in time" but it would be somewhere else in the universe. 




 holy skullito! 




 All the other species on the planet would rejoice! 




 On the escalator: stand to the right walk to the left! Do not stand on the left and obstruct the walkers. Not everyone is as lazy as you! 




 Actually I have met indigenous people in Ecuador and I have been to rain forests and seen first hand how the last bastions of a way of life are being destroyed in the face of a self-replicating system gone mad.  Thinking about more ecosystem destruction, more death and more extinction, more displaced people breaks my heart.  "What's the problem?" Are you seriously asking that question? 




 It is a not a criticism of Ecuador or even of China, but a criticism of a system in crisis.  Yes, Western nations have built up their wealth through the decimation of natural resources, [edit] both [/edit] domestic and abroad.  But this does not mean we should simply sit back and allow the rest of our planet's resources to be destroyed because "they did it first."  This is like raiding a store with the justification that other people have shoplifted.  We need to start thinking GLOBALLY and LONG-TERM if we are to have a future on this planet. 




 Pretty trees? How about life-sustaining oxygen and ecosystems?! Do you realize that 50% of the worlds plant and animal species live in rain forests?  Your perspective is severely misinformed. 




 How can we stop this?! 




 No. This is actually about 1/3 of the Ecuadorian rain forest.  Not all of Ecuador is covered in rain forest. 




 I was contesting the claim that intuition is a "dangerous idea".  My position is that intuition is real and can point people in the right direction when pursuing truth.  Intuition is the acquisition of information through unconscious sources. I qualify this by saying that although (or "but") it is a legitimate way of moving towards truth, it is not sufficient to serve as evidence in a legal context.  Accepting that hunches can contain truth, they still do not make good evidence because a person could simply be lying about their hunch.  The data which leads to the hunch is not readily available for the public scrutiny because it is very much a personal experience. 




 Intuition is a real and scientifically-studied phenomenon, but obviously it alone shouldn't serve as evidence.  




 lmao. keep trying there are a few good apples. 









 I would love a section on music theory, with exercises.  In fact, I would like to help MAKE this section. 




 Have a cow, man. Or don't... 




 what's funny is that Karma is actually something you're supposed to get RID of. not acquire. 




 I actually went home on my lunch break to read for a half hour! 




 That's exactly what I'd be doing if I weren't at work! 




 where did that freak find such a giant bottle cap?! 




 I think you mean Whiskerpedia. 









 Have you ever TRIED magic mushrooms? 




 He's a wise man.  Too bad he doesn't have enough backbone to defend his own beliefs. 




 My friends group are starting a burning man alternative for ticket "rejects".  We have the inspiration, love, and organization to pull this off.  We just a place big enough to accommodate us all.  We are in CA. 




 My favorite was when the rook ate the queen, GUUAAARH! 




 This comment made me raise an eyebrows. I'm all ears when it comes to these pun threads, but I'm starting to open my eyes to the fact that some people will mouth off a little. I just plug my nose and turn the other cheek. 




 cried on the shower floor in the fetal position. 




 cocaine 




 We are all teachers and learners.  Every single human being on the planet has something to teach.  Yes, there are some people who are more willing to open there eyes and learn than others.  Yes, psychedelics help us to open our eyes.  There are many paths.  Acknowledging our ignorance is the beginning of knowledge. 




 why pedobear no likey me no more =( 




 It's possible.  I was just reading about how researchers are looking at ketamine now as a potential anti-depressant at dosages lower than those used recreationally that cause hallucinations.  In that case the drug seemed to effect to NDMA receptor system.

But I really think that mushrooms in there natural state are just perfect!  Our society seems to have some sort of obsession with distilling and removing natural medicines from nature, often with unintended consequences. 




 Have you thought that maybe there is something fundamental about tripping that causes the positive psychological effects?  How can you benefit from the effects of a drug without actually experiencing the effects of the drug? 




 No new drugs need to be developed.  It is already here and has been for thousands of years. 




 I skimmed a lot of it.  Whatever legitimate points it may contain about speaking and living with confidence of your own value is completely lost by the sexist ranting and general douchery.  This is the **Guide to being a Pompous, Misogynist Asshole**. 




 i'm 12 and wat is this stage i've reached? 




 Were you trying to be cute when you came up with the acronym "SAD"? 




 did not notice the circuit board before! 




 beautiful.  the universe inside the mind (inside the universe).  what are the symbols along the gold dial? 




 booo! unfunny facts! =( 




 I wanted to see T-rex getting fed up trying to steal from the vending machine and just chomping the thing in half. 




 Please show me one research paper that suggests that magic mushrooms are toxic. 




 As far as I know there are NO long term physical side effects of taking psilocybin containing mushrooms.  If anyone can find any research which indicates to the contrary, please post.

You need to be aware that frequent psychedelic usage WILL change your personality.  The effects should be mostly beneficial however. =) Also be aware that you may develop a tolerance, and the "specialness" of the experience may subside.  I suggest limiting yourself to monthly for now, since you are a new psychonaut.  Your psyche needs time to adjust to things you will find out about yourself and the universe.

Have fun and peace! 




 That's pretty much exactly what I was trying to express.  I wonder when this pattern was first conceived of by human beings. 




 Wikipedia is tertiary source (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tertiary_source).  It's useful for getting a brief overview of a topic, but you can't use it to back up claims. You can however follow the links in wikipedia to the primary and secondary sources that ARE legitimate.  Notice my nuanced position. 




 I love Omegle! 














 Where did he write this? I would like to read it. 




 bout 5. still pretty dirt cheap if you've got the hookup.  but i think our shit is way weaker and you probably need at least 3 or 4 hits to get what you had.

hippies were the spiritual successors of the Burner/new agers. keeping the fire alive. 




 Music = vibrations = life.
I'll just say that sexual pleasure and spiritual fulfillment are not mutually exclusive.
I support your aspiration of spreading peace and goodness through music! 




 i'm really curious to read the trip report but also am not going to create an account on drugs-forum.  please copy and paste the text here. 














 nice, you're a meme 




