









































































































































































 Do you? 







































 I'll start. Vegans. Yes, their air of superiority annoys me as much as anybody else, but it's earned! I know the horrors of how factory farms treat their animals, and I know it's wrong. I know I could help by ceasing to be a costumer, but being vegan is too difficult an undertaking for me. It's the right thing to do, but even knowing what I know, I can't make that commitment. So Reddit... who's better than you? 











































































































































 Because, you know... context. 





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 This is sort of a USA question (it's Memorial Day weekend here), but anyone is welcome to join in and represent their own country: if politicians were required by law to have served in the military in order to be eligible for office, do you think there would be more war, or less? Why?

I know in some countries, all men are required to serve. 

























































































 Here's a pro-Christian story for you. I drained our bank account today to do laundry and go grocery shopping. I was thirty-something dollars short at the register and the nice, old, Christian couple behind me said that Jesus implores them to help me and my daughter. I thanked them about a hundred times and all they said was "bless you" in return. Some of my faith in humanity has been restored :-)

I'm an atheist and I have been most of my life, and believe me, I know all about the evils of religion and the harm it's caused throughout history and today, but we have to be willing to give credit where credit is due. 

Yes, I know it would've been better if they'd done it out of their own personal goodness instead of what Jesus would have them do, but regardless, it was a nice thing to do, and I am grateful.

TL;DR - Christian couple pays the balance for my groceries and I, as an atheist, am delighted. 





























 January 17, 2012

 

 

 

Dear Christopher,

 

Knowing your concern regarding the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), I wanted to take this opportunity to update you on my position regarding this legislation.  I have appreciated having the benefit of your thoughts on this important issue.

 

H.R. 3261, the Stop Online Piracy Act was introduced by Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX) on October 26, 2011.  It has been referred to the House Judiciary Committee. The primary purpose of SOPA is to stop the theft of intellectual property from foreign-based websites. 

 

Although well intentioned, many have raised legitimate concerns regarding the legislation and believe the manner in which SOPA attempts to achieve its goals of stopping the theft of intellectual property from foreign-based websites is unworkable and includes many unintended and dangerous consequences. I am writing today to inform you that I have severe reservations with the legislation in its current form.

One of the main issues regarding SOPA, is it would force Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to block access to websites that have been accused of facilitating copyright infringement.  Blocking access will likely slow down internet connectivity, while eroding the necessary trust the system needs. It would also set a dangerous precedent of allowing our government  and others  to filter domains. Fortunately, all sides have signaled this provision should be dropped.

Furthermore, the legislation would place a tremendous legal burden on websites accused of third-party copyright infringement and would cause them to be removed from search engines.  Even if they made an honest mistake, they would be faced with litigation from the U.S. Attorney General. Fighting the accusations would cost an enormous amount of time and money, and smaller sites would likely go out of business. Private lawsuits could also be brought against the websites. This would open up the potential for massive lawsuit abuse  even though the vast majority of online piracy occurs through a small number of websites.

While the federal government does have a role in protecting intellectual property rights, it should do so in a way that does not weaken internet security, disrupt growth, or restrict free speech and your First Amendment rights. 

As the debate on this legislation continues, I look forward to working with my colleagues in the House of Representatives to ensure the needs of copyright protection are balanced with the First Amendment Rights of all Americans. Currently H.R. 3261 remains in the House Judiciary Committee. While I do not serve on this committee, rest assured I will keep your concerns in mind should this legislation, or a similar bill ever come to the floor of the House of Representatives for a vote.  

 

It is an honor to represent you in Congress.  Your suggestions are always welcome.  Please feel free to contact either my Washington office at (202) 225-5456 or the district office, (603) 641-9536.  Also visit my website at www.guinta.house.gov  for information on legislative issues and follow me on Facebook at facebook.com/repfrankguinta  and Twitter at @RepFrankGuinta.  

 

 


Sincerely,


Frank Guinta
Member of Congress 




 My email to Representative Peter G. Palumbo: 

You called a teenage girl an "evil little thing" because she's an atheist and got religion out of a public school where it doesn't belong? You ought to be ashamed of yourself. Actually, you ought to be dragged out of office. You know what I consider evil? A full grown adult male in a position of power publicly shaming a child who bravely challenged the system and won. You are a coward.

If anyone would like to join in: rep-palumbo@rilin.state.ri.us rep-palumbo@rilin.state.ri.us 














