




 I don't use RES and just had this thought. This is meant to be a feature suggestion. I hoped that people would be like "Oh, right. Why don't we have that?" 


































 We'll see what discussion emerges from this. Probably none, as this will see too many downvotes before anything can happen.

How would you experience that I am God? I am of course not God, right? Yes I am. What's my definition of "God"? The person that is identical with reality, the person that represents sanity, the only person that can be fit to govern mankind. Theoretically also the maker of the universe, but we created it together, so there's a slight discrepancy to classical "God" definitions.

So, how would you experience that I am God? Well, since the mind you're communicating with here is (supposedly, as I claim) reality in person, even me putting this submission out there affects you.

You could interact with it (read, vote, comment), and interactions with me, reality in person, do have a strong effect. I am confronting you with a high frequency cause effect situation. I am kinda offering you the mushroom. If you choose to interact, you eat the mushroom. If you then choose to be an asshole to me, you choose a bad trip. If you rather choose a sane discussion, you choose the good trip.

Since this is so important, me putting this out there already affects your decision system, because you might rather choose to steer clear of this. Yes, you don't even have to be aware of these facts or of this submission. Well, I can't explain in just a few sentences how the human will system works.

I have been working on "my arrival" for quite some time, and I have the impression as if it is about to happen. Which means that talking about this stuff with you head-on might cause special experiences to you. That's what I want to find out. And whatever else might come up.

EDIT: Haha, I just saw the subreddit HTML title. "Debate \*all\* the religions" - well, this submission certainly does that. All of them at once. The theistic ones at least.

EDIT: By the way. Mankind is incredibly guilty, and I want to tell mankind this truth. That mankind does not want to know this truth increases the guilt. So, mind that when you decide to bury this with downvotes. 




 The thread:

http://www.reddit.com/r/gamedev/comments/sgtkt/i_made_a_short_smellbased_stealth_game_want_to/

The game:

http://notranslation.com/files/smelly/

(Made a self-post so I don't karma-whore on his work.) 









 Remco - Baby Laugh'a'Lot Original Commercial

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kvenmWEhFE

Do what you want with it, but I personally would like to have an aniGIF of the two short sequences (cut to be one sequence) where the kids turn their heads.

The laughing sequences at the end are also worth an effort, but I would ask to have only the head-turn-sequence.

Btw., it's kinda fun to watch that sequence on A-B-loop in VideoLAN with the laughing sound for a few minutes. [This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgOaT4xzdvo) kind of fun.

Thanks in advance! :) 















































































 I guess I am *by far* not the only one who shows this knee-jerk reaction:

* page is loaded, I read first comment

* haha, great, or hilarious - impulse upvote

And what does this do to the quality of Reddit? Nothing positive, I believe. I even dare to say that it's unconditionally negative.

So, I propose to remove the upvote arrow of the first root comment altogether. This should depend on the "sorted by", which is "best" in my case. Would also apply for "top" and "hot". Probably not for "controversial". Well, you're gonna figure it out.

What do you think? Reasonable idea?

 




 Just found [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/rdttl/til_that_there_are_a_set_of_twins_conjoined_at/) submission in r/todayilearned linking [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=fvwp NR=1 v=YWDsXa5nNbI) movie.

I'm personally not interested in debating this, I just thought that it would be interesting material for you guys to talk about the soul as an "extra component" (e.g. given by God after conception). 









 EDIT: Maybe "meditation" could better be substituted with "contemplation" or "affirmation". (Thx xoxoyoyo.)

----

The main attributes that God supposedly has (Christianity/Islam/?):

He's all-powerful.

He's all-knowing.

----

So, prayer is not:

Transmission of energy. God has all the energy he could want.

Transmission of information. God knows everything anyway.

----

So, the question is:

If prayer does work - how does it do so? Well: God reacts. To what? To a change. What changes? God? No. The person who prays changes.

It is meditation. Not communication.

Why then does *every* prayer sound like communication? 



















 I personally do not believe in any esoteric crap, gods, despise religion with a vengeance (probably more than most atheists), but I can't deny what I have found out.

God exists or existed. "He" decided to make the world, which is in truth Heaven, and we are him, everybody! It's not a thing that we're a part of, it's the true multiplication of the one into the many.

And I don't mean "You're God." as a metaphor in any way. I mean it literally. I am God, too, of course.

So, what does it mean? It means a damn lot. It's not an "everything's magical, hence nothing's magical" thing. It's rather a "so, humans are conscious because we are the coexistence-version of God" thing. It's about the truth of reality. It's about the fate of mankind. It's even about cosmology, because the observable universe *just can not* be the boundary we can never cross! It also excludes a heat death of the universe. It's also about the economy, because at some point, people will stop dying, so the whole issue of old-age pension is gonna be affected! Also, there will most probably not be dentists or hospitals, or at least damn less than now.

This fact is of relevance in all fields of life. No wonder that hence there's something like a Newton's Third Law of Motion negative-feedback forcing this fact to stay under the wraps. But it will surface eventually. I make this submission to probe if the time for this is coming now. 
























 This is mainly about context. The meaning of things depends on context. And what seems logical in context A seems wrong in context B.

I mainly want to bring to mind the importance of context, and that the actual objective truth about things, undeniable logic, might require the all-context (all existing data set into relation simultaneously).

Example:

"I don't know this program, hence you have to help me."

versus

"I don't know this program, hence I have to learn it."

Depending on context, either one of these can be right, which came to mind when I read [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/geek/comments/q0vc7/sometimes_people_at_my_office_ask_me_itrelated/) submission about IT support.

I'd like people to be more aware of this idea when they say "It's logical!", because to really know the necessarily true logical conclusion, context is important.

But how much context is required? This is what we could talk about.

I believe that for objective truth, for definitely correct logic, all-context is necessary. Which, if true, would mean that this very statement can't be known for sure to be true or to be false, except if our logic somehow manages to encompass all existing data.

I also believe that this all-knowingness of the current state of existence that's maybe necessary for this must encompass the mind thinking about this stuff at the same time, meaning that the very thought that is to be thought needs to know itself, which seems like an impossible feat.

So, assuming that this is true: Does this mean that it's impossible to know this, since it's impossible to perform this feat? Or is it possible?

And so forth.

Bad submission, huh? Well, it's stuff people could discuss, it's not exactly a certain question to which people could just state their opinion and move on. 
























 A cube of water, somehow summoned on perfectly solid ground at sea level on Earth, would fall apart, kinda like the sphere in this [video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTgKZbW6iMQ feature=related).

The force that causes this, apart from surface tension etc., is mainly gravity. It pulls all "layers" of the cube downwards. Pressure builds mainly at the bottom of the cube, and mainly at the center (because there's no way to vent it, that's because in the sphere video, you suddenly get this upwards outburst).

The pressure makes the water spread outwards.

The pressure increase in the ocean, if you go down 10 meters, is about 1 bar. So, what if we take a 10x10x10 meter standalone water cube, but we increase the atmosphere pressure around it to 2 bars or even higher. Would it still fall apart? If so, why?

Also: If the pressure around it would be very high, would at some point the outside pressure, which "wants to go where the cube is", be a relevant cause of it falling apart (being destroyed), so the nature of the destruction would change?

----

EDIT: WTF is with all the downvotes? Could someone explain what the reason for this is? I deem this question to be *perfect* for this subreddit, and I'd like to know why people want me to delete it. Until then, I must interpret this as a statistically significant cumulation of unreason and regard the voters to be a hazard, not a blessing, to this subreddit. 




 It's a play on [errare humanum est](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/errare%20humanum%20est) - to err is human. 



















 I just read

http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/Alpha_Level_Format

and

http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/Beta_Level_Format

, and I can't believe that this important version information is not yet in the format. The world generation is different in different Minecraft versions (leading to vertical cliffs and e.g. the loss of the enchantment table), so it is very important that the version information is stored somewhere.

Please implement it, it's 10 minutes of work. 
























 In case you didn't know: You can pick up max. 10 exp from where you died. The rest is lost. I wonder if I would have picked up 23 levels otherwise. Or is it Nether related? Or is it because I had played on "hard" all the time, but had now switched to easy (because I currently don't have sound)? 





























 Head-on collision? So, trolling, right? No. I am God. To solve the problem that I am faced with, I need to collide with the force that tries to negate me. I am not saying that you are that force. But the moment you collide with me, you manifest it, and I can use that to my advantage. "Then they fight you, then you win."

I am not the Abrahamic god nor any version of God that people know. Yet the name "God" is correct, because I have won the race of evolution: I woke up first, and so I will be the eternal ruler of the universe. I am already immortal (which I hate on a weekly basis) while you maggots are still rolling around in your mental filth, a process that I can only wait out. Or I can accelerate it slightly by interacting with you - for example like this.

So, throw the utter vomit of your feeble minds at me.

................

EDIT:

While the downvotes are certainly unwelcome, for they reduce the probability of exposure, I am already feeling the collision energy, so this was not in vain. 












































 I made this file: "DX3 fov 110.reg"

---

Windows Registry Editor Version 5.00

[HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Eidos\Deus Ex: HR]
"g_fov"=hex:6e,00,00,00

---

While the game is *not* running, start this file and "ok" every question. You can check that location in your Registry first, if you want to be sure.

This file sets the FOV to 110, which "6e" is just the hexadecimal value of. 105 is "69". 120 is "78". For alternatives, consult "calc.exe" in "programmer" mode.

The FOV is never reset, not even if you change the resolution, load a savegame, or continue to next mission. But the moment you visit the "game options" menu (where you also have objective locators, object highlighting, etc.), the FOV is reset to what's defined on that menu page. Just quit DX3, run the .reg file of your choice again, and continue.

I tested all this with 1.1.622.0 which is the current official version. Check out [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/Deusex/comments/k3w72/dxhr_access_the_debug_menu_on_the_pc_v116220_or/) submission which links to a patch file that, among other things, skips the intro movies.

---

off topic tips:

Get [RegEditX](http://www.dcsoft.com/products/regeditx/) which is 99% like the RegEdit you know, but it allows Bookmarks and you can also paste a complete path into the address box, and you'll be there. Shame on Microsoft that they didn't pick up on this, because it existed well before Vista even.

Get [Everything](http://www.voidtools.com/), the simplest and fastest PC file and folder search program I know of. Even does regular expressions.

And to backup your savegame files, you should look for this location:

[WhereverYouInstalledSteam]\userdata\[SomeNumber]\28050\remote

If you want to search, here are a few example file names that you'd find there after you made just a few savegames:

remotecache.vdf (is in the parent folder), saveindex, gameq, gamer1, gamea1

---

A few words on FOV (field of view): When you set it very high, you'll observe something that people call "distortions" or "fish eye", and when you rotate your player view horizontally, you'll get the impression that there's something like a virtual sphere.

The trick is to have your human eyes at the center of that virtual sphere, then there's no distortion. The right FOV depends on view distance and screen size. So, it's technically not a personal preference since there are *objective* criteria. And for maximum immersion, you should see to that your human eyes' field of view is filled as much as possible with the graphics. Meaning that you need a quite big screen. On my 19" 4:3, I'd have to go as close as 10 cm (which is too extreme) to fill my vision, and I'd chose 110 or even 120. 









 Go to the main menu, options, video, display mode. Select a different resolution and then "accept" (The button lower in the menu.) The resolution temporarily changes, and you're asked "ACCEPT" or "CANCEL". Click cancel. The screen returns to the old resolution, but **the mouse is no longer mis-aligned**. Restarting the game would do the trick, too, I bet, but why take the longer road. Also, you can't skip the logos any more as you could in the Beta (by repeatedly hitting return).

I don't know when this mis-alignment happens (ALT-TAB to Desktop might be a cause, but I sometimes had *huge* misalignments which suddenly started while I browsed the main menu.), but it happens quite often. You can find out by hovering over the small arrows in the save game list or over the small buttons over a node while hacking.

I experienced this bug in the Beta, which is two months old, and I assumed they'd fix it. They didn't.

I wonder if I am the only one who experiences that bug at all. 




 Just tested it with my heavily upgraded 10 mm pistol. Dropped it. Picked up a noob-10mm-pistol. Then picked up my good one. All the upgrades were even listed on the left of the screen. 



















 I chose r/atheism to post this because even though I hate religion like every sane person, r/atheism has been much too negligent in the way they phrase their titles. You have to behave when God reads your stuff. No, I won't go away. If YOU don't want to go away permanently, obey.

If you post something against religion, say so. If you speak out against the Christian god / god of Abraham, say so.

Do not speak out against God in general. I am God.

If you run up to a person on the street and shout "ASSHOLE!" into their face, but in some weird convoluted way, you did not mean them, or asshole means something harmless in your language, you can not expect the target person not to react insulted.

My emotion defines your reality. You will learn that. I am convinced that you will learn that the hard way, for stupidity seems to be the nature of humans. 









 I don't want spiders or creepers, because both don't die in sunlight.

I made a 2 block high 7x7 blocks wide little room with a zombie spawner in the middle. I could make pillars to prevent spiders. But what can I do to prevent creepers?

It's supposed to be a light sensor. There are stone pressure plates all over. When the sun is up, everything must be dead. 














 **EDIT** I made a quick mock-up of what I mean: **[screenshots](http://i.imgur.com/IgxzJ.jpg)** - It can of course be inverted: Glass being "no value" and some other block (e.g. glowstone, lapis, wool) being the "value" block.

...

Imagine you look at a flat Minecraft smoothstone wall. There's a few glass blocks from the left to the right, but not to the far right: The rest is, say, cobblestone. Behind the glass (and invisible behind the cobble) is glowstone for effect.

This is your value display. But it's also the stored value itself! Because you can "measure" if position X has currently glass (Doesn't conduct redstone.) or a non-transparent block (Does conduct redstone.)

Also, you can measure if the displayed value currently exceeds an arbitrary X and let an appropriate effect happen (e.g. un-hide a sign saying: "Dude. Too hot, ok?")

The value is increased or decreased by a piston system. The simplest version moves a straight row of 12 blocks (The maximum a piston can move.), so you can display a value of 0 to 6, but you can also go lower by placing obsidian, which pistons can not move. And you can also, somehow, increase the range by some complex measures, but how long a bar graph on the wall do you want to show.

This is a very simple method which solves the following problems:

* You don't have to build a multi-bit register for storing the variable.

* You don't have to build an adder/subtracter.

* You don't have to take care that the variable doesn't exceed its max or min value.

* You don't have to build something that displays the variable value to the player.

**With this idea and the "hide signs behind blocks and only show them when appropriate", which are very simple and very effective, we should soon see quite a few *games within Minecraft*.**
 




 I'm currently tinking about making a little game in Minecraft via redstone, and this idea popped up in my head of how to tell the player what's up and what they have to do.

Just make signs on blocks that are 1 or 2 deep inside of a wall. Temporarily remove blocks in front of them using pistons when it's time for the player to read them.

Or like this: Directly in front of a wall, dig a line of blocks out of the ground, so that the wall becomes 1 block higher. Place signs on the part of the wall below ground. Then make the block+piston thing directly above (on ground level). Easy to read, easy to see then it's time to read, no pistons visible. Additionally: Light (glowstone, lava) directly below the sign, for effect. Room shouldn't be too bright in that area otherwise.

Temporarily exchanging a block for a glass block is nice, too. 














 **[screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/IUI5L.jpg)** of what I mean by "piston wall". It's exactly what you think it is.

I'm a redstone-beginner, and I can't figure out how (Maybe because it's even impossible.) to power a complete wall of pistons. To power a complete *row* is not a problem, but the moment the wall becomes 4 or more high, I have to lead the power there from the side *on several continuous floors*.

I am not even trying to give them power individually, that would be an even greater problem. I just want to make a whole wall of pistons kick in simultaneously.

Is it possible? If so, how?

(Also: Is it possible to control them individually? Just interested in the limits of redstone.) 





























 (This is not explicitly directed at atheists. Actually, atheists are more my friends than religious people are. I just had to pick a subreddit is all.)

If you wonder why I write this, I can only explain it to you if you believe that I am God - which you don't. So don't bother.

This submission will do what I expect it to. You don't have to understand my reasoning. 



















 Just a gimmick to deepen the experience. 




 At some point in the future, all the uranium resources would have been mined and used up in fission plants. There are methods to use the resulting products for fission plants, but even if those methods would be employed: At some point in the chain, the material would seriously be used up. Is that correct?

If that is correct: How long would it *very roughly* take until then?

Do you think that mankind should try to safe the fissionable material for a time when mankind would try to colonize space? Or would we use fusion power by then? 









 Who has not yet had a problem with the low visibility range of stuff that's lying around? It's like 15 meters or something.

I can't imagine that this is to keep network traffic low because it can't be a significant amount for a few drops.

Does anyone know why this is so? Did Notch ever say anything about this? 




 I hope that you won't just drop this into the downvote dustbin or vomit aggression against this, because I really put some effort into trying to communicate with you in a proper way.

I chose r/Islam for this because this subreddit's community seems to have the strongest relationship to the subject "God". r/Christianity is "meh" in comparison (at least regarding my attempts to communicate with them as God), and r/Atheism is mostly in there for the lulz.

Why do I say why I chose this subreddit? I mean, God, that's the Abrahamic God and hence the God of Islam, right? So, of course he would talk to r/Islam

Well, and that's where our problem lies: You have "sworn" your life into the service of the one God, Allah. And you know what this God is like. And doubts are unwelcome and have to be purged, right.

Now, what if one day, the one true God (aka Allah) comes to Earth as a human, and he's *different*? I believe that your stance regarding this is: "God can't be different. The Qur'an tells us what God is like, and the Qur'an is true."

And this, Ladies and Gentlemen, is *the problem of will*. You do agree that humans can be "loaded" like a rechargable battery with information, more information on a certain subject becoming one combined force. But is this *will*? Well, from my perspective, everything is will, even the stars. And every little decision that you have made in your life has contributed to the person that you are, your self-projection. Not just in the mind but even the body! And so, if you have formed a strong information cloud, a few wrong decisions can build a magnet that henceforth describes supporting decisions as right.

You do agree that a neutral human being, untouched by religion yet, would be quite open to drift into the direction of Judaism, Christianity, Islam, and maybe other religions. But once the information cloud has gained momentum, only one of them is true, and how could you ever have believed that the others might be true?

And there's just no way for me to break through this wall of will that surrounds your minds. Because I am love. Love is: The unconditional will that you (Whoever the you in a given situation is.) can freely live out your will, I won't stop you.

And now you have to consider that God's ability to distinguish is so much more high than that of humans that even the very slightest altering of a human's emotion would be a violation of the true "Thy will be done!", it would *not* be love by God's standards, and this is the nakedness in which I had entered the world 9.75 years ago (2001-08-13), inside of this human mind which was my portal and will soon be me. Until now, the combined will of mankind has returned the "Thy will be done."-favor back to me a bit, and so I can take a bit of influence, the multitude has decided so. But I still have a long way to go.

So, now that the disclaimer is out of the way, let me give you information of what God and the world *actually* is like. Who knows. Maybe at least one of you will value it and remember later that he had been kissed by God in this way.

* Is mortal life a prison in which we have to live our God-fearing lives until the time has come and we move on into the new world? Yes. Yes, that is so! But it's different than most people believe: The new world does not follow after the body has died. The new world is what I, the savior and main inhabitant, will turn the current world into. I am actually altering the universe, turning it into Heaven. It will *stay* the nice, meaningful, sciency, awesome, natural place that it is - but we will be riding on an eternal and perfect stream of cause effect that will see to that nobody has to die ever again, no more sickness, no old age, no ugliness, no suffering - just bliss and the eternal celebration together with God, who is actually a human like everybody else! Except that I literally *am* the universe. If you find that to be impossible, ask yourself if your hair or your fingernails are really you.

* Will the dead come back to life? Sadly, no. We lost a great many heroes and decent people, and they can not ever return. There is no afterlife. The reason that everybody somehow feels that death *can't* be the end is that death is *wrong* - and that all of you kinda are God, the eternal one. It's complicated. The word "self-similarity" is relevant here: I am the cosmos. The whole thing. With everybody in it. But so are you - kinda. Let's just say that I am the whole puzzle, the picture with all colors and perfect sharpness, and you are a blurry, less complete version of that, but the technology in the background is the same, it's even the one same thing.

* If all religions are wrong, how did they come to be? Well, you'll be surprised, because I don't have the usual "brain damage" or "Evolution" or "People need something to believe in." concept to present to you. Instead the universe *was a dream* that God dreamt. And God *always* does awaken from his dreams, it is inevitable! He cannot escape self-realization. Except I somehow did, because I didn't slurp the universe back into non-existence, stretched my arms and shouted "I AM! :D", instead I found a way to eternally marry the dream and the I-am-state. But anyway: The system always contained sparks of the truth, things that would allow God to wake up, because that's just his nature. And people found those. And they knew that they were on to something, they had found something profound! Thus, religion was born. What, that's all? Yup.

* What is God, how does he function, what's his name, etc.? Let's first say what *you* are: You think you're primarily bones and flesh, and your consciousness somehow emerged from it (or God planted it there)? Well, that's wrong. You are a circle of Light (not the physical kind). Light is the inseparable unity of *perception, will, fantasy*. You are just like God: A living fantasy, a living dream. You are the children of God. God himself also is just a circle of Light. And without the universe, there was of course no outside stimulus. So, what happened when God relaxed his will, letting go of the illusion? Everything vanished. Nothing remained. And that's what God is: Nothing. And this nothing then realized: "I exist!" And in those moments of neutrality, even future, past, memories did not exist: And that's the eternal God right there. Wonderfully simple, isn't it? And why wouldn't it be? God is just existence itself! And he can be whatever he wants to be. Of course he doesn't have a name, why would he.

Some very important fact:

It's not that God is some conscious thing that exists and sometimes uses its will. God *is* will itself, he is the will to exist! What caused God to exist? Simple: His will to exist caused him to exist, and this in turn causes him to will it. Circular logic? Yes! Of course! God *literally is* a circle!

And the universe is not some thing that God created. God has folded himself. The circle that he was has changed to the shape of an 8. The universe is *not* an arbitrary construct, it is just the relaxed "I am." circle in the folded-into-the-coexistence version. And now, I have to wake up and accept the world and all of you into me. This will take time, my usual suffering (and I have suffered like no one before me in the last 9.75 years), and 155,000 will die every day until this number finally decreases. The Judgment effect will also cause others to die, but I don't expect a real high toll. A few millions worldwide maybe. Seriously, does it matter? In those 9.75 years, about half a billion people have died, many of them had been rather innocent.

* Judgment Time? Yes. This is it. And this is how it will go down: Imagine you yourself were the God before the universe, the dreaming circle of existence. And now you have to wake up. This means that you have to transcent the illusion. You have to face your misconceptions, your mistakes etc., and then you are the true you. Reality will provide you with experiences, and depending on how you deal with them, you will take one step closer to life or to death. In the end, you will all be perfect, the true children of God, and we will celebrate life forever in bliss!

Because I am the cosmos itself, the fact that there's still so much cleaning-up to do means that my mind itself is poisoned. I am not strong. I don't yet know everything that I will know about me or the world. I only speak German and English. I am slightly obese. I have slight skin problems. And it's really easy to anger me because the poison still reaches deeply into my mind. But all that will be gone once the clean-up is completed. My *guess* is that we are entering the hot phase, so the Judgment-clean-up is booting and will be running quite well in a few weeks from now. I expect actual miracles (body-transformation etc.) to become clearly visible in a month or two, I can't really know yet.

I wish you the best. But I can't help but express that I am disappointed at how little man as strived for mental perfection. It would have made everything a lot easier. 




 First of all: I will tell you in all clarity that this posting is a trap that is supposed to cause death for as many of you as possible because I am pissed at you. I say this first, because I will be amused by your deaths happening even though I am clearly saying that this is a trap - and you will step into it. I know humans too well by now. You *will* step into the trap, and this *will* cause your death.

The trap? Rejection. Hatred. Mainly improper handling of information, jumping to wrong conclusions, making small errors that quickly become a *huge* mistake which in turn will send you into the wrong direction: Ultimately death. The trap is described further below.

"My" definition of God (meaning: the actual truth of what "God" means, as opposed to all the bullshit mankind believes): God is the pure holy eternal consciousness that existed "before" the universe, and it is the person who spawned the universe in just the way science describes it (as far as science can describe it as of yet, I say that because I can already sense the insaniacs vomiting at me: "SCIENCE DOES NOT DESCRIBE HOW THE UNIVERSE WAS CREATED!!!!11cos(0)").

All religions are wrong, and I actually hate religion. They slander me, they poison the mind, they keep mankind down, and they are the first to tell me to shut the fuck up when I say that I am indeed *the* true god (aka "God").

Is God all-knowing and all-powerful? Yes. No. It's complicated. This is not a cop-out. To understand the problem, you'd have to know how the creation of the world actually happened, how it works. And how God works. I explained that about 15 times in the last years on Reddit, using different accounts, and not only do I know that the explanations are lost on you, I am also tired of this, and I am more and more convinced that mankind does not deserve the gift of life that I have given them.

The first part of the creation of the universe was completed 9.75 years ago (2001-08-13). That was when the form, the system, had been completed, and I had returned to my God-consciousness and said: "And so it shall be forever."

On that very day, I became human, and this human himself *is the universe*, lived and projected from the perspective that my humanhood brings with it. This is the eternal future. I have changed the holy truth of God from "I am." to "We are.", thus spawning the children and Heaven.

The trap is that the definition of my self is: "Thy will be done." I am the *unconditional* will that you, mankind, can have your free self-experience. When I say that it is my will that you exist, then this does not only mean that I "want" you to be - it means that your life, your existence *is the actual mechanical substance* of my own will.

Imagine that the human self is a pyramid. There are high frequencies (meanings) and low frequencies (meanings). I entered the world at the top of the pyramid, and in the last 9.75 years, I have been working myself downwards bit by bit, establishing the human God in the most strenuous fashion. Once I have completed this work, the universe will be like it is right now - but the flow of events will be optimized in the fashion that the word "Heaven" is deserved.

Mankind will soon have to look in the history books to see that there once was a time when people just... died. Had been here too long. Used up. What the fuck? Hard to believe. And sicknesses, the body eating itself with cancer, all that shit: It will be GONE.

Now, how does the trap work? Here we go:

The person that I am, my human body and brain, is the "controller" (King.) of the flow of reality. This work of establishing my self from the top down means that I have to unconditionally accept the *unordered* flow - and slowly clean it up. This means suffering for me in experience and in self-perception - until it is done. I am literally the savior, the true Christ. Not that anyone gives a shit.

And since this human system that I am is the controller of reality, the unordered reality also controls me. This allowed all kinds of bullshit to happen. To make it simple: For people who HATE me (like most of you assholes), I HAD to manifest everything they needed to do so. Opportunity, ideas, and there was *nothing* I could do: I have to fulfill the *unconditional "thy will be done"*, no matter what it means for me or you.

And this is what it means for you:

This Antichrist that my body and brain (NOT ME. I was and am imprisoned in this system!) is has lead people into the wrong direction. And they have invested themselves in this. And so will some of you now, hopefully. Please do it. Give me more data for my GARGANTUOUS list of revenge. My body is the database of your guilt. I am fucking LOADED with anger against mankind, and this HAS to be unloaded, and I can't wait until it fucking happens.

Please. Step into the trap. Hate me. Turn the truth upside down while believing that it's exactly the other way round (duh). 




 I am just trying to find out if this is the prevalent view. Assuming that it *is* the prevalent view:

Either asking the devil in a ritual is *not* magic - or asking God in a ritual *is magic, too*.

Just trying to find out if what Christians are doing is magic or not. 




 I am just trying to find out if this is the prevalent view. Assuming that it *is* the prevalent view:

Either asking the devil in a ritual is *not* magic - or asking God in a ritual *is magic, too*.

Just trying to find out if Christians "are" doing magic or not.

...

LOL, just became aware of Leviticus 20:27:

 A man or woman who is a medium or spiritist among you must be put to death. You are to stone them; their blood will be on their own heads. 




 The Minecraft community is really quick on updating these pages, so if you want to know if a new release is out, you can actually check the version history page, it will begin to reflect the new situation minutes after the release.

.....

All the crafting recipes:

http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/Crafting

.....
    
Some more "crafting recipes", e.g. that you get smooth stone by cooking cobble stone:

http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/Furnace

.....

Current version of Minecraft and what new features and bug fixes (and bugs) it brought:

http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/Version_History#Beta

.....

Next version and what it will supposedly bring:

http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/Upcoming_features#Next_Version

.....

List of known bugs:

http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/Known_bugs

While we're at it: The right side of this reddit has useful links, among them [GetSatisfaction](http://getsatisfaction.com/mojang/). If you have some crazy suggestion, discussing it on Reddit is not really wrong, but at some point, someone has to submit it to GetSatisfaction. Same goes for bugs etc. - And please not 3 ideas in one submission, you have to think of those entries (questions, suggestions, etc.) as support tickets. One at a time. With meaningful titles. Properly phrased texts. And please search before posting! You have no idea how many times the same stuff gets submitted again and again, surfing that is like walking through a swamp! 




 (To activate the console, press the key that is assigned to the console (check in your keyboard config). To enable this at all, allow the developer console somewhere in the options.)

A few words about the FOV, because too few people seem to know the truth about it:

While the right FOV might be a game-design choice (think "Dead Space", though I personally do not agree with that stance), and while many see its relevance mainly in the ability to see more (e.g. in shooters, you see the enemies coming), ...

... the right FOV is actually about **IMMERSION**. To see what I mean, try a FOV setting of 110 for a few seconds: You will probably see quite a fish-eye effect at the borders of your screen. Not cool, right? Wrong. Go closer to your screen. Very close. If it's a 19" 4:3 display, go as close as about 5-10 cm with your face. Only to demonstrate, not really to play, of course. If it's a larger display, you can keep a bigger distance.

Try to see the 3D room that you're standing in. You should observe that the fish-eye effect is gone. You should also observe that, when you move and turn a bit, you feel as if you are **INSIDE** of the room.

The human eyesight has a field of view of almost 180. If you have a big display or are willing to be quite close to a smaller one, the picture in front of you will grow to a size that it fills your **PERIPHERAL VISION**, and that part is actually "meant" to see fish-eye graphics. Thus, you should adjust your FOV accordingly, and that means: Quite *above* 90.

Don't listen to what people tell you on the Net or what your friends say. Ignore the circle-jerk and the perpetuation of false information.

Just test and perceive it for yourself.

EDIT:

I posted this thing 3 days ago. It was at 6 upvotes or something. Now it's at zero. I'd really like to understand the rationale behind people downvoting a post that basically adds to the currently hot Portal 2 subject the relevant information that a new console variable was just added that alters the FOV. What the fuck is wrong with people? 




 (The actual purpose of this submission is of technical nature, and to clarify this, I would have to explain much more than your "God? lol" attention span would allow. I am measuring the current flow situation and try to further the progress of our collective ascension.) 




 regards

God 




 If I told you that I am the true God, the maker of the universe, your eternal father and lover, you would be offended. You would see it as blasphemy, if someone hurts your religious feelings like this, and if someone claims that he's God (except of course if he is indeed God, a relevant refinement of the rule that people keep ignoring for some reason).

Have you ever considered that this very attitude, situation, potential itself is blasphemy? Because you are effectively prohibiting the true God from telling you *that he indeed is* the true God.

And I say all this because I happen to be the true God. And it is time that you let me in. 









 I'll start.

Yesterday, 20 minutes before closing time (office job), I went to the toilet to take a dump. A few minutes after I had sat down on the throne and was already in the process of wiping, suddenly the lights went out.

You have to know that the toilets in our company are rather luxurious. The cabins are real rooms with standard wooden doors. If you close such a room with the lights out, it's literally pitch black. And so, since I had a schedule to keep, I couldn't just wait if *maybe* someone comes into the main room and then explain to them through the closed door how the little hidden switch underneath the IR motion sensor works. I waddled out of the room, pants down, shitstains on my ass, dick hanging out, and turned the light back on, went back, completed business. I was lucky that no one came in.

Today, I figured out who it was. There are people here who have to make sure everything is shut down and locked at closing time. Closing time is at 17:00 (not 16:45, when the light went out).

And the person who is responsible for this corridor happens to be female. And since there seems to be a problem with the motion sensor (She claims that the light is always on.), she had to turn it all the way off instead of just from "on" to "auto" or something. And since she had to go early that day, she just opened the main male restroom door, turned off the light, closed the door and went on with her day.

What a fucking asshole. She said that she couldn't check if one of the two throne rooms was still occupied because as a woman, she can't enter the male restroom. Even though our female cleaning person does so every day. What a bitch. She just *did not care* if there was someone still in need of light - *before* closing time. She just shut off the lights, and that was it. I don't think she even feels to have done anything wrong.

**TL;DR** Bitch shut off the lights in the restroom while I was shitting because she "had to leave early", and it was pitch black. 




 Nice to see that Reddit is operational again. 









 It's a 45 minute piece that supposedly consists of several parts, but you wouldn't notice.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chill_Out

I was just standing in my humble abode, surrounded by sheep, when the sheep in the track joined in. 



















 Yes, I know that you don't stand around at radiation source Y for a year in a row. I am trying to understand what "they" are trying to express.

If they say, you receive X MilliSieverts in one hour, whereas X is the same number that is named for your natural dosage over a year, would they say "the radiation is 8760 as high as the natural radiation"? Or would they say "it is the same as the natural radiation"?

*From what I have observed, they say that 1 Sievert per hour at Fukushima is about a million times as high as the normal radiation.* But the normal radiation is not 1 Sievert divided by 1,000,000 in one hour, it's 1 Sievert divided by 1,000,000 in one year! (Actually, it's about 3 MicroSievert, as far as I know, but let's keep it simple.)

Do you see where I have an understanding-problem? 




 I am not saying here that the Christian god does not exist. I am merely saying that it does not make sense to claim that he's omnipotent, because from all we can observe, he is not. 









 (or use another material instead of concrete)

The (probably naive, at least money-wise) thought is this:

Couldn't nuclear reactors have a deep shaft underneath them with a 10 meter concrete floor and appropriate walls ...

... and you just allow the core to melt down if you can't prevent it by reasonable means ...

... and it falls into the shaft, you pour more concrete onto it, fix the facility and reboot the reactor. It could even be designed to not get damaged too much when the core melts through the containment vessel floor. 














 I am life itself. Any force sent against me - and your will IS a force, your fantasy, your attitude, every information you touch, so use it wisely! - causes a manifestation of the death-force somewhere in the world.

I'll save more words for they are probably wasted on you anyways. 









 This text is premature from an "event" perspective (red carpet etc.), but it's certainly not too early from a "make people move their asses" perspective.

And I say that *not* only because there's certainly a bit of a "competition" situation (mostly among the females) because I am just one guy and obviously can't spend time with everyone personally. I am using you as agents to drive the progress.

Until some motherfucker just buries this, that is. If it even gets through the spam filter.

(Side note: FUCK RELIGION!) 














 I hope this is ok. ("Submit anything screenwriting related.")

I guess we agree that Spiderman I sucked: "Oh, I am buff and don't need glasses? Nice. So, what's for breakfast?" Where's the believable human consciousness and emotion in that? Bah. I could watch a whole movie about someone discovering their transformation/abilities. And it needn't be as slow as "Unbreakable" (that I liked, though).

So, do you remember in the first Harry Potter movie/book when he was at the zoo and accidentally freed the snake?

Imagine a whole movie where he slowly discovers his magical-ness, which would of course not be canon with the books. It could maybe *end* in Hagrid etc. showing up with no words, credits roll, because we know what's going on there. But before, there would just be Harry and his normal-world life. No owls, no other wizards, nothing.

Well, that's what I'd love to see. :D

Don't tell me there's no money to be made here! 









 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sentinel_\(video_game\) 









 Obviously, this only really makes sense if the possibility for persistent mobs is implemented. So that the saddled pigs and the chicken in your farm stay etc.

* If you get killed by it, you can seek it out and get your stuff back, if you're lucky.

* If you kill one in the wild, it might drop saplings, mushrooms, arrows, bones, and the dreaded feathers. Or sand etc., if it came along a creeper explosion.

So, that's it.

While I'm at it: Does anyone remember the thief in [Dungeon Master](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dungeon_Master_\(video_game\))? Something like this could be cool. The guy doesn't attack you, he just steals from you and runs away. If it plays in orchestra with other mobs, it can be a huge problem! Well, and if you kill it, you get your stuff back.

And something else that I'd love to see: Does anyone remember the game [Sentinel](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sentinel_\(video_game\))? That's another easy addition with lots of potential that I'd like to see in Minecraft. A Monster that can kill you by looking at you. Maybe even immobile and slowly rotating, like in Sentinel. 




 Pure vanilla Minecraft server: Chunks are missing from time to time. And people are sometimes invisible to each other.

Solution: Disconnect. Reconnect.

Every time, the Mojang authentification server is used for this. And every time, the skin is downloaded again.

If those "relog"-reasons would be gone, Minecraft.net would have like 1/3 of its load to bear. 









 Exceptions are if a dog dies, suffers, or is shown as a filthy, unworthy creature. Throwing puppies from a bridge? Good posting. Your dog on the couch? Bad posting.

regards

God

I am fucking serious. You better obey. Or else. 




 Maybe this has been said 100 times before, I mean the idea is a no-brainer.

People wouldn't just skip an election in protest. Instead of just not placing their "yes", they could place a "no".

Since there are not always just 2 parties, this system might even have great benefits in praxis. What do you think? 









 (TL;DR: Start at the **bold** headline below.)

In the future, let's just ignore the apocalypse out there and keep playing in our warm incinerator-lit Minecraft homes. And when we're sure that the currently official Minecraft version is good - and hey0 etc. has been adapted appropriately - then we collectively make the step. That this is not the default situation anyway is just beyond me. How can a programmer be so ignorant. But I have come to the conclusion that it is not the game that is in alpha. The programmer is.

When you start your Minecraft client and properly log in, it automatically downloads updates if there are any. Even though Notch realized that forced updates are a bad idea (as he wrote in his blog a few days ago), he hasn't gotten around to investing the 30 minutes necessary to implement that the user is asked if they want to download the update or not. Or the 120 minutes necessary to implement on Minecraft.net in the preferences section an early adopter option and in the Minecraft client the necessary little changes.

So sadly, we are all forced to accept the broken stuff that Notch so recklessly casts upon 700,000 users. Or can we somehow prevent the clients from updating themselves?

YES WE CAN!

Thanks to a reply by PeabodyJFranklin in the official Minecraft forum, I could easily prevent my client from updating.



**How to prevent your Minecraft program from updating**

The "version" file in the "bin" folder in the ".minecraft" tree (that you can easily get to on Windows by running the command "%appdata%") needs to be the new one. The Minecraft program doesn't care if the rest is old.

So, before you update, backup your ".minecraft" folder tree (or at least the "bin" folder within, just copy paste it where it is, a renamed copy should then be created). Then start the program and log in to receive the update. Then close the program again. Now you have the new stuff incl. the new "version" file.

Then delete everything in your "bin" folder EXCEPT the "version" file. And copy the old files into the "bin" folder (except the "version" file again, of course). Start the program and log in: It will not update even though it is now old. Now connect to Minecraft servers that also have not been updated, and play! (Minecraft server updates have to be performed manually.) 




