




 We still have this at uni, slaves get sold and in the following days (or weeks) they work to earn back their own cost. Drink a bucket of beer and you're in the club! 




 Always stayed in Wenduine  De Haan as a kid, an I loved the dunes! Usually a lot less windy than the beach and great for picnics... There's a little pancake house in the dunes in the middle between Wenduine and De haan, if you just keep following the coastline you can't miss it! 




 Very definitely a boy 




 His owner is brother Kenny so he must have some kind of ranking ;) 














 We regularly started getting these really boring guest lectures from the same woman all the time... Our professor ditched his wife for her a couple months after. Mystery solved! 




 'I've got an itch'
Not something i'm gonna help you with mate 




 Maybe she just has a wide-set vagina and a heavy flow. She can't help it. 




 If I cook the same meal for all of us, or just leave one ingredient out for him, it's fine. But when I make goulash (for example) which is completely based on the beef stewing in the brew, I have to make him a completely separate meal... 




 That's what I usually do, but then sometimes I feel like having a steak or a beef stew and I don't know what to give him apart from our sides for example...

Thanks for te recipes though, i'll definitely try the fajitas! :-) 




 My dad recently became a vegetarian again after 10 years of eating meat. This is all very well and I support him, but the man can't cook a meal to save his life. I go to uni full time and take on the cooking at home - prefer to make everything from scratch. 

My dad being a vegetarian adds 15-20 minutes of cooking every day. I try to make vegetarian dishes we all enjoy as much as possible, but my sister, mother and I do enjoy our meat. Meat and three veg for my dad often comes down to a fried egg and three veg. 

He won't eat tofu, seitan or quorn and I'm honestly getting a little desperate here! Any tips are welcome :-) 




 Get her a nice designer watch or a pair of shades, usually around 300-400$ , leaves you some money for flowers!(and a little baby bottle of laurent perrier!) If you wanna spend that money on your girlfriend, go for it! 




 Add butter. That's it. 




 To be honest, the easiest thing is to determine during the school year which of your classmates has the bulkiest handwriting and sit diagonally behind them. There's 100-300 people in my university class and not that many supervisors... 




 Or holding waitstaff to a standard of a michelin star restaurant when you're at a diner... Newsflash: these people are probably not looking for a career in waiting, shut up and eat your pancakes 




 Had this on bread at the christmas market in germany, maybe for the ease of eating without sitting down? 




 Staff being rude, be it to me or to a total stranger at a different table 




 smoking pot can have terrible side effects like not being able to shut the fuck up about smoking pot 




