 I buy crappy, $8 knock-off-Toms shoes from a pharmacy I work next to and they work better than any other brand I've ever had, including Sketchers.

Of course every four months or so they completely fall apart, but then I just have to spend $8 versus $40 like I did when I bought Sketches (that also fell apart after four months). 

I work in a store with carpet, though, so it might be a little different. 




 I've had so many bad ones (including some guy LITERALLY screaming in my face until I cried because his computer wasn't ready; I was a cashier at the time), but I'll pick a good one.

I was out to dinner next door to my store after work, just by myself, and the waiter came up to me and said that the couple across the restaurant wanted to pay for my meal. They were regular customers and hugged me and said how great I was. I will honestly never forget that. 




 Your managers are dumb. Fighting with those people is one of my favorite things, I'd never give in to them. MAYBE on Staples coupons just to avoid a complaint, but never on manufacturers.  




 I got an 2 TB external hard drive for $19 once (usually $90). Also a bunch of 8gb flash drives for .50 each. And a book case for $8. 

There's a desk in our warehouse, usually $100, now $9 that I might grab.  




 I've been the full-time team supervisor since the position rolled out.

I like the position, tbh. I am consistently running around, probably doing the jobs of two people, and getting paid way too little. BUT, if I hated it, I wouldn't be there. My associates like me as a manager because I've never gone on ~power trips. BUT, my first part-time counterpart DID and everyone hated him. And I think that's probably common because normal people with lots of manager experience and a good work ethic don't really want to work for 11-12 dollars an hour. 

As a whole, I think the position is a good idea at some stores (like mine, tier 4, 12-13 employees). At higher volume stores with more employees, I think eliminating the assistant position for two team supervisors is a stupid idea. It's just not enough.  




 I'm not in Seattle but I'm in the same district and... I wouldn't count on it. 

 




 Not at my store, surprisingly. 

I'm sorry, that's really dumb. It sounds horrible.  




 Yeah, unfortunately as a full time Team Supervisor, you HAVE TO have open availability. I'm pretty sure it's listed as a requirement in the qualifications. :(

I think it's different for other positions because (at least at my store) the full time team supervisor is more integral than any other position.  




 Yep. Super annoying. I stopped handing them out, unless it's for one of those customers that takes like 30 seconds to gather their stuff. 

When there's three entries, AND THEN the $30 off $90 or $10 off $50 it feels like an eternity. Earlier I had to move to another register while it was printing. Ridiculous. 




 One time I had a customer who loaded up her entire cart with desk accessories, notebooks, pens, just random stuff. It ended up being around $400 and 10 bags of stuff. When she went to pay she was like "wait, this is Office Depot, right?" And I was like "...no, this is Staples" and she freaked out and said "I'M ONLY AUTHORIZED TO PURCHASE FROM OFFICE DEPOT! I THOUGHT THIS WAS OFFICE DEPOT!"

All I could do was shake my head. And put all of her stuff back. 




 Yep. Whenever a customer says "Hey you should really change that! Let your higher ups know!" I always say "You'd have better luck than me! Call this number!" and I hand them the presidents line card.  




 32 cent raise.  




 I only get points from my GM, and I won some random contest for being recognized and got 20 points.

The CPC people at my store are drowning in points, it's ridiculous. I was talking to one guy and he was like "yeah I think I only have 450 right now".

I have 130 and I've never used any. But being a Team Supervisor doesn't really give me the opportunity to earn a lot -- I don't sell tech and I probably ring up 50 people a week.  




