 Not the most recognized author, but I saw topics on her works before and came to wonder. Anybody happened to read this unfinished novel? What your impressions were? Favorite characters, storylines? I'm rather fond of it, myself, and think it shows how Gaskell's writing matured in comparison with earlier novels.  









 Noted, thank you! 




 They were somewhat hit and miss with me, depending on the author analyzed, but I definitely support the notion. 



















 Don't even care which authors. Just any published analysis that made you feel like the person behind it really gets the author and knows how to bring out what's unique and great about them. I had an experience like that with Chesterton's "Charles Dickens" and feel curious about everybody else's. 









 I have made a new friend some weeks ago. She is a pleasant, easy-going person and we have a lot in common and get along really well for the most part. I'd love to get closer to her over time. But there's one thing that really is starting to bug me.

She is late. Always. For everything - meetings, phone calls, any self-imposed deadlines. I tried to be flexible, to accommodate her (i.e. let her decide on the time we meet) but it doesn't seem to make a difference at all. At best she is fifteen minutes late, at worst... can be up to forty minutes. Although I haven't known her for long enough to say if she's like that in everything (like her job, for example), she claims she is and can't help it. There wasn't yet any situations where her habits would let us down in a big way, but my frustration is gradually accumulating. I'm afraid that one day I'll snap and drive her off and worried that her attitude shows she isn't very serious about our frienship and plans.

   
**tl;dr**: My new friend is always late for everything and it makes me feel like she doesn't take me seriously, but I'm not sure how to confront her without coming off as overdramatic. 














 ...yeah, that does sound like an interesting twist on the theme. Added to reading list, thanks! 




 And what kind of bad feeling? 



















 R. L. Stine, and I strongly suspect I'm not alone. His stuff wasn't even creepy past your first three books, but man, was it addictive. 




 Oh, sweet, I need more modern literature in my life. Thanks! 




 Searching for something along the lines of Zola's "Rougon-Macquart" or Galsworthy's "Forsyte Saga". It doesn't have to be a book series though, a solitary novel works just as well. 




 So, we all have this gold collection of childhood books that really hold up no matter how many decades pass. But lbr, we read a lot of bullshit too. Are there any books from your childhood that are making you go "wait, I used to like this?!" as an adult? 




 I've always admired Austen's ability to portray varied and complex parent-child relationships. When it comes to family situations, her heroines go full spectrum - from heavy neglect or abuse to having perfectly supportive and reasonable caretakers with lots of of variations in-between. Was there any parental character whose interactions with the MC you especially enjoyed? For me Mrs. Dashwood takes the cake, I think: it was great to see a genuinely loving mother whose temperament and worldview clashes with one of her kid's a lot. 
























 Good advice! The only thing, I find it rather awkward to start conversations by simply marching up and introducing myself. Making some comment/observation about the situation we're both in (it's cold, the queue barely moves, the coffee is great here) and going from there works better for me. If the conversation doesn't run into the ground after a couple of lines, slipping the introduction in somehwhere along the way is easy enough. 




 I used to appreciate Dickens in a slightly condescending manner - great style, but complicated plots usually don't come together, pacing is often mucked-up and ugh, cheap emotional punches. But then I read Chesterton's analysis of his novels and it really made me see his strengths in a clearer light and wider context. Further evidence to all the things a good fanbase can do for an author! 









