 I live in VB... ;/ 




 I try to time my flush so when I finish peeing, it's right as the water flushes down. 




 Hasn't aged a day 




 But I don't want to be seas and stars, I just wanna live forever and with the way medicine and technology have been progressing.. 




 Best advice, pay the $400-500 and make sure you're protected. 




 Some of those people are the most successful. I felt bad for one family. The house was 100k under 3 other similar listings (exact model condominiums) and we went in uncertain about what was wrong with the unit.. NOTHING, it was the agent. It took a week to get a hold of the agent, he had 30 listings, the key didn't work, had to wait another week to get in, had to schedule around tenants through the tenants. When we ratified a contract on the place, the next day I received an email from a closing coordinator, never talked to the agent ever again. I thought to myself this is a family that is 100k under the next listing, probably extremely motivated, and they think what a horrible market. The same week, another condominium sold for 505k (the one we purchased was 320k) 




 My name gives away my profession. Biggest shock to me is the range of people in the business. You have very professional, intelligent, hardworking Realtors and you have some people who really don't give a shit. The surprising thing is some of these bad agents are really successful. I'm working a deal right now where I have the clients calling me on a nightly basis because they can't get a hold of their agent. We we're supposed to meet on Tuesday morning at 9:30 am and he just never showed, texted me at 11:30 am to tell me his daughter was sick.... more likely slept in. 

I hope I'll never be like this but I'm a relatively new agent so I treat all my clients like kings and queens right now! haha 




 I'm a Realtor with Rose and Womble. I just checked REIN (MLS search engine for Realtors) there's quite a few options out there (29 when I just searched). Shoot me a PM if you want. 




 My dad's birthday was on the 2nd, he passed away on his birthday a year ago. It sucks man but you just have to treasure the time you had with him. 




 Never too early to start talking but be ready for a lot of questions. They'll want to know zoning, any common facilities (water, sewage, etc) 

Don't put your eggs all in one basket. Try to get as many builders over there as possible. The more people you can get over there, the more panic you'll create amongst them. Depending on how sought after the area is. 

But it never hurts to get the ball rolling. Some builders will tell you to get back to them when it's ready, and you should. Others will want to start negotiating immediately and that's even better because you can use pending of the subdivision to give you time to evaluate all possible avenues you can take.  




 Haha picked up a new client today, it's coming along!!! Plus I'm at office now but I mean don't get me wrong I sneak a peak on reddit while I'm taking a poo  




 I'm a Realtor that works with a builder and we specifically look for homes that need to be torn down or empty lots. 




 You said it's appraised at around that value, what's that exact value?
 




 How long have you been on the market?
 




 No problem, if you have anymore questions you can contact me- just shoot me a PM. If your a self motivator you'll do great. I was the same way, at the office at 6 AM and even though I was in more of a foreman role, I was always helping whether running equipment or having a shovel in my hand. So when I came over here I immediately transitioned to being in the office everyday at 9:00 am and I can say that 2 of my clients came to me because nobody else was in the office and we had a walk in. One of which equated to my first exclusive sale, hence the birth of my post. Good luck 




 * He's right, each brokerage works differently. A lot of the Franchise brokerages will offer more up front percentage cuts but will be loaded with Franchise fees. An example is my friend works for a large franchise and her cut is 70% but every transaction has a 'regional fee' of 7% and another office fee of 2%. I chose a local firm that's number one in business in my area, the initial percentage is lower at 57% but I chose this firm for three reasons; I have family in the firm, your percentage increases stay with you for the life of your time with the firm, and there's nothing extra taken out. 

* On the second half of your comment, I love this career, but I love socializing and being around people. I worked for the bridge division of a construction company and was a project manager working 60 hours a week. I can promise you, I work way more in real estate. It's an extremely demanding job and it requires a lot of money up front (around $2500 with Realtor dues if you take that route) and that's not counting the probably 3 months it will take you to get leads turned to clients turned to sales/listings. I'm in my 6th month and I have 3 listings I'm splitting 50/50, 3 closings (2 exclusive, one 50/50), and a handful of leads I'm working on turning into clients. You have to keep working open houses to keep the leads flowing in. You have to work your ass off during the week to translate the leads to clients. I'm working 7 days a week but the old adage if you enjoy what you do, you won't feel like you're working. Well I love what I do and I don't mind the time. If you wanna know anymore information let me know. Sorry if some of this is incomprehensible, just had a minute and figured I'd shoot you a response!

* I forgot to mention, very successful Realtors can get up to 90% cuts. Doing around 5 million in transactions will get you 80-85% in my office, so it's nothing unobtainable. 




 No you're exactly right. My grandmother is a Realtor as well. She's extremely successful in the business and drives a brand new Buick Enclave with every feature (Bose, leather, navi etc) When I take clients out I use her vehicle but it's also awkward because I have people ask me if it's my vehicle. I've used every excuse under the sun, no- vehicles having breaks, oil, detailed, blah blah. A lot of times I have had no choice but to use the Ranger and I can tell a real difference in the body language of my clients or prospective clients. 




 Not to drag this out but I read that it may be better to go through a credit union instead of the dealership? And thank you for the response. 




 I have a few problems. I own (no money owed) a 2000 off road Ford Ranger with 149,000 miles. 

* I'm a new Realtor in Virginia and I've quickly realized I need a new vehicle. I've been a Realtor for 6 months and my truck has been giving me a lot of issues plus not being very friendly on gas.

* I have fairly bad credit, a job that includes no guaranteed pay, and rent/utilities that cost me around $950 a month. I have my first 6 months of rent paid off already (from a previous closing I split with another agent) I have the Ford Ranger to trade in/sell (my guess is 3-4k value) and I have around $12,000 cash. 

* I would really like to purchase a used car for 10-14k, in a perfect world I could trade in my Ranger and put another 2-3k down and then have the car financed for an extremely long period (72 months would be preferable) but with the option to pay it off whenever. This would protect me from running low on cash in an unpredictable career but also be able to pay a few thousand every time I had a closing. 

* Is this type of deal possible, would a car dealership be willing to work with me on something like this? 




 I'm in the Hampton Roads area but I'm on it! Stupid office duty right now. Being a broker, any good advice? CRM Referral Maker or any of that stuff work? Thank you 




 Norfolk Botanical Gardens is great. Another great spot (mind you in Virginia Beach) is Bayville Park.  




 Well to be fair, we're a smaller office. I think we did 20 sales/listings last month in an office of about 15 active agents. But I have noticed this month has started off slow.  




 http://i.imgur.com/lt4xeiM.jpg


..Well played Sue 




 I did not know this, why I post on here about real estate related stuff. So how could you get a master list of what's available in your area? A perfect example is a condo I know is foreclosed on in a condominium I have a listing. 




 That's awesome, I remember when I was at PA. I would be at a football game and all of a sudden the rumor was PHARELL IS COMING IN A HELICOPTER AT HALF TIME!!! 4 years of this kind of stuff, never saw him once! Glad to see him back. 




 I'm not trying to deter you. I can't see the house and it may make sense. The only thing I would say beware of, is I work with a group of builders that typically tear down but occasionally flip homes as well. So I've seen a lot of older homes that have had this process done and they try so hard to make an extra room and it just looks terribly tacky/off. One room was divided and it made both rooms look like walk in closets. I've also seen rooms created that didn't make floor plan sense, bedroom between living room and kitchen. That probably doesn't apply to your loft but just my two cents.  




 This really isn't much help but if Bank of America owns the property, it should be listed on various listing services (MLS, Realtor.com, Zillow, Trulia etc) 

I'm clearly biased but I would look for a Realtor that specializes in REO's and have them look into it for you. The listing side pays commission so it wouldn't cost you anything. 




 AND YOU RANKED CHESAPEAKE THE THIRD MOST BORING CITY, HOW DARE YOU! 




 Realtor from Va here, I would never recommend anybody to use Quicken Loans. Typically if you have a local loan officer it's much more personal. After pre-qualification, communication is the most critical part. 


Good luck though,  I know it's got to be tough bouncing place to place. 




 Looks like a good time, I missed Harbor Fest this year.  




 Moobs is completely correct. I'm a Realtor in Virginia Beach. It's strange he did not disclose to you the difference between unrepresented and represented parties. Basically this protects the broker/agent from doing all the work and then you deciding to purchase without a broker/agent. If you like the Realtor and think he will do a good job, I would sign the sheet. But I would definitely demand he fill in the sheet first and walk you through the differences of being a customer or a client. 
 




