 Not to mention, their customer support is unbelievable. I didn't really know about my 944 when I bought it, and I called them to do my timing belt order and their staff picked out everything I need. They're an extremely helpful group. 




 Yeah I think that's the one exception, but no doubt about it it's a dream machine. I go to bed every night thinking about it wishing that it was mine. The hard lines on it are gorgeous. 




 Guards red 




 Who would have thought of such a concept? 




 You're also forgetting about the drive train, if I recall correctly, the wheels on the sports train were bigger than the factory wheels on the Jag, and the drive train wouldn't be able to handle it, you're essentially up gearing it. 




 Yeah for sure, I think what they do is tell the builders basically what they want, then they stand around with their hands in their pockets monitoring the progress.  




 I don't think many people realize that a lot of the things on the show were not actually made by Jeremy, James, and Richard. I mean look at the cheap train travel episode, do you really think that they were all capable of making a car into train? It's not as simple as just throwing 4 metal discs onto a car. But then again, I still like to believe. 




 Haha I know that pain, I took my family out for a ride in mine for the first time a couple weeks ago, and my dad made my mom sit it the front seat while he laid across the back seats it was pretty funny. 




 But isn't camber beneficial if you're tracking it? As long as if it's not stupid hellacamber like every 18 year olds wet dream Honda, it should be helpful.  




 So he sold the MR2 because he couldn't put a two year old in it. Quite frankly I don't see how long the 944 will last then, seeing as it really doesn't have rear seats. But anyways, congratulations on the purchase! Where I'm from its very hard to find a MR2 in great condition.  




 Oh god yeah they do... I just had my 1994 Cutlass fixed for rotted trailing arm mounts. I bought new trailing arms and undercoated them, I probably should have done it a while ago living in New England. 




 I'd have a +4 car garage, but have no house. Have the garage be well built, clean, finished, and I would park a Chevy Astro in it with a mattress inside of it and use that as a "house". Of course there would be running water. 




 Yup, can confirm. I work at an auto body and this happens on almost more than half the cars we get. 




 Never thought of it that way, that does make a a lot of sense then. 




 I don't know much about track days, but would this be considered driver fault? Or track fault. It seems to me that maybe the track should cover damages, but I don't know why. Just my 2 cents. 




 The inertia from its blazing speed will keep it on even if the second one falls off  




 3 lug wheels are the best  




 Thank you very much! Now I'll have some new tracks to fool around with tonight. 




 Links would be very much appreciated. 




 Thank you so much, Live for Speed never even crossed my mind. I do have the trial version of it, but it definitely looks like I'll be buying the full version now.  




 Not sure if this gets posted a lot, but I have been looking everywhere for any type of autocross mod for any game. Each time I go to Google all it brings up is rallycross, because as far as I know rallycross is called autocross everywhere but the state's. I do have an autocross track for race 07, and it's okay. I know absolutely nothing about modding and modeling either, so me making a track is absolutely out of the question. 




 I am not sure if this is allowed on this subreddit, but here it goes. I'm not trying to promote this business in any way, nor am I affiliated with them, but they do have coupons on Simpson helmets if anyone is interested. Most of the helmets are $50 off of original MSRP, except for the carbon fiber helmets which are $100 off of MSRP. http://www.biondoracing.com/ 




 Holy shit, I think I know who you're talking about. Is his nickname by any chance either Doctor Dave, or Doctor Dan? I've been to his garage before and he collects Hursts like hot cakes, and they are all stupid fast. 




 Kazoo rims go woo woo! 




 I always thought that the 944 looked kind of meh in pictures, but I actually recently bought one as a track car project; and holy shit. Pop up headlights and 80s box flares? Does it get any better than that? 




 I live about an hour and a half from Lime Rock, I'm seriously regretting not doing it. 




 I'd say keep it simple. Start from the ground up with wheel, tires brakes, suspension, etc. You'd be surprised how far that alone would get you. If you feel ambitious, why not do your own paint job. I really don't know what's out there for parts, but then again that's what the internet is for. Lastly, before you do anything I suggest pricing out what you want to do and how far you actually want to go with it. Congratulations on the project, and good luck. 




 I'm no where near California, but I'll be sure as hell to keep an eye out. Anything to help out a fellow car lover. 




 I've never done either of them, but I feel like plastidip may actually be more expensive. With a wrap as far as I know you can peel off and put the wrap back on, where as plastidip the conditions have to be just perfect and you have to worry about airborne annoyances. 




 I've had my fanatec for around a year and a half now, somehow I have had no problems with mine which is extremely strange, except for the fact the alacantra is wearing off and it's kind of ratty looking. I'm running a TH8 with it for a shifter and I would highly recommend it. The feel to it is unbelievable. 




 I really wish that more sims would have 80s and 90s IMSA cars. I remember reading that someone was going to make a GTO mod for rFactor but it was never actually finished. 




 OK, thank you very much. They are real Irwin vice grips but I will try again when I get the chance. I really don't want to leave gouge marks but I guess if that's what it comes down to I will. 




