 I hear you, however, I dislike the idea that anything that isn't our reality or a future possible reality is fantasy. Like surrealism, magical realism, postmodernism, and other styles don't need to be lumped in with fantasy when they are doing different things.  




 That probably includes multiple translations of the same language. Like the King James Bible is only one of the English translations.  




 My understanding is that the "fantasy" elements are not really real, but myths and that his inspiration was early English mythology and early romances, not modern fantasy novels.  









 Yes, it's odd of her to simultaneously claim the book isn't Fantasy enough and to claim it should be called Fantasy 




 In the same interview that made UKLG mad, Ishiguro says his book was mainly inspired by Westerns and Samurai films. I'm not sure he is afraid of acknowledging "genre" 




 Yep, also while book reviews are more objective at big magazines, the fact that a book even GETS reviewed is often because publishers or publicists have connections at the major magazines or because there is a big marketing budget. And even if books are often reviewed by people who don't know the author, interviews are frequently conducted with friends and placed in big magazines. 

There's never going to be a way to "objectively" get the best books published and reviewed and praised. But honestly, despite the nepotism, I trust the professional publishing world to be more honest than the world of purchased Amazon/Yelp/Goodreads reviews and Kindle sales ranking manipulation.  














 There's a lot of talk in this thread about blurbs don't make readers think books are good. But I don't think is exactly the point of blurbs. I think the point is more to "position" the book, so if you like dark fantasy novels and you see a book with blurbs from famous dark fantasy writers you think, "Oh, maybe this is worth checking out." Or if you love avant-garde literary fiction, and you see a book with blurbs from experimental literary writers, then you are more inclined to pick that one up. 

So it isn't really about making you believe that the avant-garde literary book is better or worse than the dark fantasy one. It's about guiding the readers to your book based on their established tastes.  




 Sadly, things are only going more in this direction since publishers feel pressure from the self-publishing world where all the best sellers are lowest common denominator romance, formulaic SF, Twlight imitations, etc. 

That's just where the money is. You can't really blame agents and publishers, gotta blame readers for reading that pap.  









  Now, after taking them semi-seriously one too many times, when I see a book with blurbs primarily (or, especially, only) from other authors I don't even bother.

Typically I only see that in debut author's books who haven't had any reviews yet. Even if a book is badly reviewed overall, once it's gotten a dozen reviews or so you can normally pick out a few decent quotes to make it seem like it was praised. 

This is true for films too, where every film, even like 2 Twilight 2 Transformers: The Reboot part 3 have positive quotes on the posters.  









  Also, isn't the NYT lost mostly bullshit?

It's way more trustworthy than the Amazon rankings, but still able to be manipulated. As the poster below says, it's based on a sampling of book stores around the country so can't just be manipulated through one source or one small time window (you can spend a few thousand, or even less, on your own book and rocket to the top of Kindle lists) 




 Eh, the problem here is that the writing world is much smaller than most outsiders realize. If you are a SF writer, say, and you go to conferences and comicons you will meet tons of other writers and you'll interact with more on social media and your agent will represent others and your publisher will represent even more. Point being, almost every conceivable endorsement will have SOME connection to you. 

This is true for any genre. 

Maybe he just wants to end blurbs altogether, but there's basically no way to do blurbs or any kind of endorsements that won't have some risk of nepotism.  









  Are dogs therefore not animals because they existed before the word was thought up?

There's no authorial intent or societal context for a dog, though. OTOH, intent and context do play a part in whether something is written or read as "fiction" or read as religion or myth. That's why I brought up the Bible, which is read by some people as truth and other people as pure myth. 

If the Bible was written today, it would be a fantasy book, but the Bible and the Odyssey wouldn't be written today... not like they were back then, because the authors would have a different context and intent. 

You know what I mean? 

 I get a bit annoyed by the way 'literature' picks the bones of genre fiction. The thought process seems to be: if genre fiction is good, it stops being genre and starts being 'literary'. That's a very sinister way to distort the dataset.

I'm totally, 100% with you here. However, I do think it goes both ways. There's a tendency for genre writers to try and lay claim to authors of the past (or even the present!) who would never consider their work to be part of those genres. There's a huge history of non-realist work in literary fiction that is constantly being claimed by different genres (SF, fantasy, horror, whatever) even when the author lived in a time of those genres and didn't consider them an inspiration. 

It can get pretty comical with a dozen different genres trying to claim an author. I've seen people argue that Kafka is truly a magical realist, or truly a fantasy writer, or truly a horror writer, or a proto-science fiction author, or an early post-modernist, etc.  




 I think it's pretty sad that people feel the need to change the work of authors to fit their own backwards feelings. That's one thing. But it becomes a real problem when you are doing this for the books you are making kids read. If you think someone is too young for a book, sure. But don't give them a censored version of it.  




 Definitely had the opposite experience: being absorbed by a book but then when I finish thinking "huh... that didn't really go anywhere" and a few days later thinking "I... can't even remember anything that happened." 




 Again, I didn't use the word "censorship." 

If you want to redefine the word "censor" in a way totally different than every English dictionary, okay, whatever.  




  That films tells the story of Joan's trial in a deeply more intimate way than a book could. 

I don't see any reason why this is true. There are tons of books that deeply and intimately move people. In fact, people commonly say that they love books BECAUSE they feel more intimately close to the author or characters. 

It's true that film can do some things that books can't, but more "deeply intimate"? Nah, don't think that's true.  




 Also, "reading" is a rarer activity. Everyone and their mother watches TV and movies, but only a small percentage of the population reads more than 2 books a year.  




 Reading is, in general, a much better means of conveying information and knowledge than any of those other things. You can learn way more from two hours of reading than you can from two hours of TV watching, even of a documentary. Your brain just processes words faster. 

In addition, reading is more brain-intensive in that you have to imagine and think over every sentence, you can't passively watch in the way that you can TV or movies. 

That doesn't mean that some shitty self-published YA vampire series is more "intellectual" than HBO's The Wire though. But as a general rule... 




 "Censorship" wasn't in the title. 

CENSOR
transitive verb
:  to examine in order to suppress or delete anything considered objectionable censor the news; also :  to suppress or delete as objectionable censor out indecent passages

Obviously it's not government censorship, but removing objectionable material is still censoring even if it's a parent doing it for a child.  




 Well, I guess we get into the question of how much the Odyssey was believed. I'm not a scholar on this subject, but it seems it existed in the kind of nebulous zone of old folk lore where it wasn't 100% believed but was considered somewhat true, part myth part history. 

That's pretty different than, say, the Lord of the Rings which no one believes is real at all.  




 Yeah? I haven't read the Ishiguro, so can't comment, but I think it's weird to claim that actual myths and folk tales are "fantasy," which is a modern genre that uses myths and folk tales as inspiration but for different ends. 

I mean, is the Bible a fantasy book in your opinion?  














  I'd like to see someone write a book about "needing to find a missing pair of sweat socks" and "existential nihilism" that can hold my attention. Good luck with that one

That's not SO far from the works of Thomas Bernhard and he is a literary genius 



















 well... it is an article on a literary device, not sure it's name dropping to list examples! 




  Of course I know they're "worth" reading and I know the show and the books differ and go in separate directions just as The Walking Dead has

To this question, i'd say the Game of Thrones show is FAR closer to the books than TWD. The latter has killed off major characters who didn't die anywhere near that point in the narrative, or else kept people around long after they died. 

The Game of Thrones /ASOIAF are basically the same, plot-wise, for the first two or three seasons. They've started to diverge a little now, but it isn't dramatic... yet at least.  




 They are not very well written on a sentence level. Martin got his chops in TV writing and they read like scripts: plot, plot, plot. Very little effort put into the language or even mood and atmosphere (until books 4/5 when he starts to relax and get looser.... part of why people like those books less). 

But the plot twists and characters are great, and the books fly by. If the idea behind them appeals to you, worth a read.  




 yes, they do. But, as you say, the good stuff is sandwiched between collections of .gifs or art stolen from tumblr.  




 But it's very similar to how a LOT of big media companies (Buzzfeed, Dose, Huffington Post, Bustle, etc.) operate. Not all of those are tabloids, but they repackage the work that other people have done and crank out content as fast as possible without doing any original work. 





























 Do you feel the same way about all arts careers? Like grad programs in music, theater, dance, or chef schools?  









  People don't understand that an MFA is not like another grad program. You're never going to see that money back if you pay for it.

Sadly, this makes it exactly like most grad programs in the US in 2015 :( 




 I'm in favor of MFA programs in general, or good ones at least, but it's insane that there are 300 programs in America! If they take an average of 10 fiction writers, they are pumping out 3,000 a year. 30,000 in a decade? That's way more writers than there are even spots in shitty literary magazines 
























 On the one hand, I agree that being creative (and exercising!) is godo for people. On the other hand, I do think our culture has this idea that writing is fake profession and that "anyone can do it" and it can't be taught, etc. There's common phrases like "everybody has a novel in them" and just a general sense that everyone could be a novelist. There ISN'T a sense that everyone could be a professional marathon runner, or even that everyone could be a painter or chef or actor.  




 Well, again, the legal part of a contract is normally handled by a lawyer. What agents do is negotiate for you, as well as get you past the slush and know (hopefully) what editors are right for your project. An IP lawyer can't do those things. 

Also, for 99% of writers a 15% rate on your advance will be much less than an hourly rate for a lawyer... that's before even factoring in that an agent can up your advance from what you'd get on your own.  




 I assume you are suggesting agents are rip-off artists of some sort. I have to disagree. I'd bet basically every legit agent pays for themselves by upping your advance, and they protect rights for writers. (Most agents work at agencies that have bar-passed lawyers on staff that go over the final contracts) 




 This is a weird argument. Tom Sawyer? Huckleberry Fin? The Jungle Book? A million books with teen protagonists and read by teens were published before TKAM. 

Even for more modern YA work, The Catcher in the Rye and Lord of the Flies predate TKAM.  




 true, Ishiguro doesn't seem like a genre snob to me.  



















 I think that's true, but I don't think that's Laura Miller's claim. She doesn't think Game of Thrones is for children, and that was her counter-example.  




 I hear you. I mean everything I've read makes me think it's fantasy, but i'll wait to actually read it to form a real opinion.  









 Is that true? I know tons of male agents. Wouldn't surprise me if the split is 60-40, but doubt it is "overhwelmingly" female 




 got this is one of my favorite books. Hope you like it!

The poem is intentionally shitty so don't worry so much about it. The real story is in the commentary. You could read the poem quickly once, then the commentary if you'd like.  




 "I have 10,000 thermo nuclear bombs buried beneath each city on earth and will kill every human on earth if you write one more poem"  




  I frankly think that initiatives like National Novel Writing Month are insulting to real writers. We dont have a National Heart Surgery Month, do we? Im being intentionally provocative there, obviouslybeing a good or bad writer isnt a matter of life or deathbut Im also serious. Great writers are as rare as great heart surgeonsmaybe even rarer; I dont actually know anything about heart surgeons. But I would argue that it takes as much time and work to perfect their craft, in addition to having talent to begin with that most people just dont. What I really object to is this notion behind these initiatives that anyone can write a novel, and that its just a matter of making the time to do it. Thats just not true. 




 Yeah I'm not sure I buy the argument, but thought it was worth a discussion.  




 I haven't read the book, but I saw some other people arguing that the book is more of a straight allegory/symbolist book than a true fantasy book in the vein of GoT. 

That makes sense to me as a distinction between true fantasy and something using the fantasy form.  




 haha, great reference 









 I bet some people will dislike what he says, but I thought it was refreshingly candid  


































 There's a lot more steady work in freelance copeyediting, proofing, or fact checking than in freelance writing. 

Sometimes you can make it work if you get a good regular gig at some place that writes textbooks, or corporate newsletters, or something like that. 

It's nearly impossible to survive as a freelancer writing interesting essays or book reviews or whatever for culture websites. Those articles are done by staff writers or else freelancesr who are doing it less for money than to get their name out there and promote their books.  









 A simple writing style about rich WASPS instead of a complex, lyrical style about poor southerners? 

Cheever maybe?  



















 I went to public American school and studied everyone from Doestovesky to Shakespeare to Beckett, Wilde, Camus, Bronte, Faulkner, Hemingway, O'Connor, Marquez, etc. 

I mean, to each their own, but it was a very broad range of work from all over the world. 
 




 My favorites: 

* Borges

* Cortazar 

* Bolano (I'd recommend The Savage Detectives or By Night in Chile as starting point)

* Aira (rec: The Literary Conference)

* Marquez (rec: 100 Years of Solitude) 

* Marias (rec: Bad Elvis)

* Ocampo (rec: her stories)
 









  been out of school for quite awhile now and I still hate classic literature.

This kind of statement baffles me, honestly. Because "classic" literature is a category that spans 500 years, every country in the world (or at least a couple dozen from what's read in America), and dozens and dozens of styles of writing. 

 I think teacher's in the US are really letting their students down over this.

That said, I DO think that most English classes (and most HS classes of any kind) don't teach stuff in the most interesting ways. I'm a rabid reader and published writer, but I hated the focus on "themes" and plot details in HS classes.  




 I didn't write the list and the list claims to be American authors. I do think everyone on the list LIVES in America, even though Zadie Smith and a few others are from other countries.  









 Because there are a huge number of black authors in in a huge number of countries and "racism" is not the only thing they write about...

Anyway, give some of the authors on that list a try! It's a good list of authors from the ones I know.  




 It just reads like the statement of someone who has barely read any black authors.  




 Well I"m already getting down voted by the silly people who think SJWs a real thing!  














 How many of the books in that article have you read?  




 Good example of how the "art just wants to be free" mindset really hurts writing. Yes, people still want to write even if they aren't making a lot of money, but the writing is more rushed, less researched, etc.: 

 The previous day, Id spoken to John Vaillant, one of Canadas most acclaimed literary journalists. He said he knows writers who are rushing to finish important, research-heavy, non-fiction books in a matter of months  books that would normally require years of work  because thats all they can afford to do.

 You have good people doing half-baked work against their better judgment and inclination, he said. Im seeing writers make those compromises. 














 Good post! Agree that there are different people who are snobby AGAINST complex, experimental or "serious" fiction for different reasons.  




 To clarify a bit with some examples, "clarity" is just one tactic and just one way of writing. There are many reasons to not be clear. Pynchon's Crying of Lot 49 has a convoluted plot to intentionally mirror the paranoia and conspiracy atomosphere the protagonist finds herself in. 

It's basically a rule in horror fiction/film that making the monster less clear tends to be scarier as the audience imagines something scarier than you can describe or show. 

Mysteries and "puzzle box" shots/books/films have unclear elements, characters, and actions to keep the reader guessing. 

Poetry often uses big or complex words for the musicality of the language. 

And on the sentence level, dense and complex sentences can convey things that clear ones can't. Faulkner and Nabokov say things that Hemingway and Orwell can't, and vice versa. 

None of the above is to say that complex writers are necessarily better than clear and simple writing. It's all preference.  




 I think you can be a snob without being pretentious. For example, if you think--as people sometimes say here--that literary fiction fans or even fans of "realism" instead of fantasy (say prefer John Green to Harry Potter) are fakers with boring tastes who don't have imaginations large enough to appreciate Tolkien and Rowling is just as snobby as a ivory tower lit professors saying people who read Tolkien and Rowling instead of literary fiction are peasants. You know?  




 Those are your preferences, not facts.  




 I like those books, but gotta disagree a little. My biggest complaint about Martin's writing is that he frequently TELLS what he just SHOWED. Specifically, his characters internal thoughts tend to just restate what the action and dialogue already presented to us: 

"Do you hate your traitorous father?" Jeffery said, holding his knife and sneering at Sansa. "Say yes or feel my wroth."

Sansa tried not to show any emotion. "Yes, I hate my traitorous father." 

*Not really! I actually love my father but I'm afraid Joffrey will hurt me if I don't agree with him!"*

 




 French. France has a huge and amazing literary history, and from a historical/cultural standpoint it is the second most important and referenced Western literary tradition.  




 while I'm not the OP, there is plenty of hate for any book that is dense, complex, "postmodern," or overtly intellectual on reddit and in the culture generally. Infinite Jest, Thomas Pynchon, sometimes all "literary fiction," hell sometimes just reading foreign literature gets you called pretentious.  




 yep, also... 90% of the people who use that term have no idea what it means. They think it means snobby or overly smart or something, but that is not the definition. 

 attempting to impress by affecting greater importance, talent, culture, etc., than is actually possessed.

Pretension is affecting knowledge/skills/talent that you don't possess. It isn't being really smart or writing smartly if you actually are smart. Or reading a smart book if you are smart. (Hell, nothing wrong with reading a smart book if you aren't smart either.) 




 Oh man, I know what you are talking about! We live in a very anti-intellectual age where people love to talk shit about "snobs" and "ivory tower elitists" who... dont' really exist, while lauding anything that sells well as automatically good whether McDonald's or Twilight. 

I get reading whatever you want to read, but it is utterly bizarre how many people actively look down on readers of complex or dense fiction. Like, you don't like Infinite Jest or Nabokov? That's fine. The fact that someone else DOES like those books doesn't make them horrible snobs. Actually, the fact that you turn your nose up at people who read literary fiction makes you the snob.  




  But, though many writers published late, I'm sure they weren't just laying bricks through their teens and twenties. I'm sure many of these people read a lot and maybe dabbled in writing,

But he didn't say "dabble" in writing, he said you had to be "seriously" writing as a teen. I just think that's wrong. Like, I know a lot of published writers. A few of them wrote a lot as teens, but most didn't start writing, certainly not in a serious capacity, until 20s or even 30s.  




 I guess... but I can't imagine that's what he means. I doubt many people start reading books in their 40s, you know?  




 Show me where I said that literary writers need an MFA? Show me where I said that people need to be "technical writers"? 

Your weird argument about what constitutes the best is silly because what is "best" depends on what one is talking about. The "best" Hardboiled Detective stories have different qualities than the "best" postmodern metafictional novels. There's no one standard to writing. My point there was that the vast majority of MFA students will not succeed. You have to be at the top of your game to make it as a literary writer, as defined by the people making the decisions (editors, readers, whatever.) I was not advocating for some static or even objective standard of "best writing."  




 Dude, you keep making arguments against things I never said. I NEVER claimed that you "need" an MFA to be a writer of any kind. I NEVER said you need to be a great "technical writer".... what the hell does that even mean? Being able to write really complex sentences? 

I never used the term "technical writer" just as I never said people need to go to an MFA. Hell, I never even said an MFA helped! The only thing I said is that an MFA indicates that the students want to pursue literary writing, not EL James stuff. That's hardly controversial. 

You gave me a list of BRILLIANT writers. Ray Bradbury and George Orwell ARE two of the best writers ever. They were brilliant, inventive, powerful, and just all around awesome. They don't disprove anything I've said. They were hardly only "good enough" but not great!

You seem really excited about fighting strawmen here, but it seems like, at best, we are just talking past each other. 

 




 I hear you, but he still said you had to be writing and had to be starting as a teen. That's where I disagree. 

I think you and I are on the same page though.  




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































