 Haha yeah I know what you mean, thank you.  




 World peace, where everyone will just be fine.  




 From the language to the cinematography, Lord of the Rings.  




 Drop it low girl - ester dean 




 Dracula Untold (2014), they left it open with the possibility of another one.  




 Titanic. Why? Because it had such beautiful music during precise moments that just made me swoon over the scenes. It was just beautiful and I fell in love with it.  




 Lord of the Rings. Any of them.  




 I respect that. Non believing is on the rise, and who am I to say which is right, just an opinion.  




 Personal, small (or large) things that happen to you in your life. Someone you run into after not seeing them for years at the right time and right place. Finding the exact perfect dress out of a million others in the store. The music moving with the birds flying over your car at the exact perfect moment in the song. Idk things. Unexplainable things. But I have no clue why bad things happen to good people, gods obviously not taking care of that stuff.  




 Yes because some things are too powerful to be coincidences.  




 I bought one of those gold leaf crown things from Urban Outfitters for like 30$ and afterwards I was like when am I ever gonna wear this again? It was for a festival. It's still pretty cool tho.  




 If only I could have done it this other way.  




 Coffee..coffee coffee coffee!  




 Lana Del Rey 




 Turned in an old iPod to a pawn shop...I miss that fucking iPod every day.. 




 I think that persons me  




 Not recent, but Stephen Kings, Storm of the Century, is a movie I watch at least 3 times a year. It's very good.  




 Hypothetically speaking. 




 Where's Titanic?  




 They're action packed, full of good versus evil, and usually have romance, what's not to love?  




 Just curious what people think the disadvantages of transparency are.  




 Did I do good? 




 You were always going too fast. 




 When people are sad or having a bad day. Most people don't want anything to do with them because they're spreading "negative vibes."  




 Face to face so you can really open up about how you feel. In an email things can get misconstrued.  




 I don't know. Michael Bay films are usually totally entertaining and fun to watch just like the Fast movies. I think people just like to make fun of Michael Bay because he's made a trademark of blowing shit up and being huge.  




 The Shawshank Redemption  




