 Tub girl... Or just r/spacedicks 




 Beer Slip N' Slides?
 




 Great question. A wallet with $500 hidden that well makes me think they were pot seeds from some righteous plant. I was more concerned with my sisters friends coming over  which is why I was hiding in the closet to being with... Nine-year-old me had some game.  




 'Draw' numbers one through ten represented by dots in a pattern and some simple math from there. Then breakfast burritos.  




 I found a wallet with $500 and a small envelope of seeds tucked in the frame of the inside of a closet (where the moulding would be). I was pretty young and showed my mom... real slick. The thought of how many WarHeads and candy cigars that could have bought kills me.  




 [reference]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZbxTt0d4pI
 




 Eh, kind of. I dropped out of college after my first year because my band got picked up by an independent label. Long story short, after some cool shows and a lot of fun, I ended up working nightshift in a factory. Went back to school and now work in a research lab, live with my SO, and come home to her and my dog each day. Not quite the rockstar life I thought I'd live, but honestly, I like this one better.  




 Yes, this is very common. It may be with a different professor eg. Anatomy and Physiology on Monday, wednesday and Friday at 9am with Dr. Green, 11 am with Dr Brown; OR on Tuesday and Thursday with Dr Yellow 




 Grossology - Got me into science as a kid. I do science for a living :-) 




 If it's an SO - Men, sleep on the side of the bed closest to the door. 
If it's just a friend or roommate - You should probably sleep in your own bed. It might get weird. 




 Stacy gives Wayne a severed head; Wayne gets very upset. 




 Walked into the house after a particularly long day at work to fresh baked Guinness stout chocolate cake (Yes, cake made with beer), Metallica slamming out of the stereo, an Allagash White, and a backrub. This same woman snuck my (deceased) grandfathers watch out of our room and had it repaired as a surprise this past Christmas.  




 You know, if you stab a man in the dead of winter, steam will rise up from the wounds. Indians believed it was his soul escaping from his body. 




 Its like people only do things because they can get paid. And that's just sad. 









 If you want fiction, George Orwell's 1984 is exactly what you described. If you're looking for more non fiction check out A Peoples History of the United States. 

Another interesting read would be the Republic of Plato which spends a lot of time on society and justice. 




 Think of the brain in terms of musicians. Each region of the brain has a set of different tasks that it performs and one that it is typically known to be 'responsible' for. In this sense the frontal cortex (The outer part of your brain just behind your forehead) controls your higher-thinking processes but is 'known' to be, generally, responsible for your personallity. The cerebellum, the little baseball-looking lobe at the lower backof your brain controls things like muscle memory and muscle tone, but is generally taught to be 'responsible' for fine motor coordination. 

Now, just like a lot of artists who have many songs (in the case of the brain - functions) the brain regions might have "one-hit-wonders" which are the functions that people usually remember. Name one song, without google, that MC Hammer did that was not 'Can't Touch This'. Most of us cant. That's how we end up saying that the occipital lobe (Back outer part of your brain behind that pointy part in the back of your skull) because known as the visual center. As with every one-hit-wonder some artist will write a cover song! There are many parts of the brain that are responsible for many tasks and there is a lot of overlap between them (There are 45 centers in the brain that play a role in vision) and can even 'rescue' the functions is others become damaged. 

The parts I mentioned above are more responsible for less vital functions. That is to say that if they became damaged you most likely would still survive but could become deaf, blind, develop cognitive defects, etc. You mentioned blood pumping and breathing. Well those are controled by the inner part of your brain, what's in the center and at the top of the spinal cord. Those parts control vital senses that are absolutely necessary for you to live. damaging that part usually results in death. 

Now the awesome and amazing part is that all of these things are happening all at once. If we're thinking about parts of brains as musicians who are playing their whole discography and their well known hits and some are covering songs written by others then we can think of the brain as SXSW. This orchestra of musicians all playing at once and working together is what allows us to run (Primary motor cortex, at the top of your head and cerabellum among others) and to read (occipital lobe, and frontal lobe among others).

Hope that helps! 




 The Limulus immune system is pretty simple. It's composed of the amebocyte, plasma, and a few proteins. To be honest, my largest body of knowledge is into their nervous system (primarily molecular and electrophysiological). But [this](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2873049/) abstract gives a decent overview. They're a pretty amazing creature. If nothing else, they pre-date dinosaurs and yet we can go to the beach and see them each spring/summer. 




 It stands that we (the royal we/academic community) dont know as much as we need to. Unfortunately there are not any real regulations against harvesting and bleeding crabs. Hopefully more new [research](http://www.biolbull.org/content/225/3/137.abstract) will bring this more to the public eye. Sadly, once the crabs are released back to the wild after they are bled, it is not unheard of for a crab to be re-collected by mistake and bled a second time, thus killing the crab. [Here](http://limulus.mx/lo-que-late-dentro-de-una-sangre-azul/?lang=en) is pretty cool article about how their blood 'works'.

Source: I used to work in a research lab that investigated just this 
 




 When you look at the stars you are seeing a collage of the past. You're seeing light from stars as they were thousands, hundreds of thousands, millions of years ago. Many of them may not even exist any more and yet we see them as they were. So when you look to the sky at night you are seeing many pasts during your present. 

Also - first post! I've been lurking for the right thread 




