 tvshack.cc or icefilms.info 




 This is true. Unfortunately there aren't any real engineering firms in my area and I definitely don't want to work here. I was going to interview one of my civ professors who used to be a practicing engineer, but thought a current engineer would give more prevalent answers. 




 Haha, thanks for the reply! It's really appreciated. 




 On a side note, do you like what you do, what DO you do, and any advise for a student about to enter the professional world? I do not plan on getting my masters immediately after my undergrad. Thanks! 




 Thanks for the quick reply! I'm a civil engineering student taking a professional writing course, and we needed to get someone in our related field to answer to above questions. If you wouldn't mind, I'd really appreciate it. Unfortunately, I'm a broke college student and cant pay the $110/hr fee :-P 




 These are more or less the questions I need answered. Thanks a bunch!!

 how they function day-to-day as writers
 how often they write and what their process is
 what sorts of documentation they produce
 what sorts of problems and conflicts they face in writing situations
 what role technology plays in their professional communications
 in what ways and how often they collaborate
 what sorts of legal and ethical concerns characterize the climate in which they write
 what other sorts of communication issues arise in their environment
 writing advice they have for a young person entering the field.
 




 Try I-Doser clips. They are binaural soundtracks that are meant to simulate the brain waves you have when your one drugs. They never work obviously, but they make me pass out... its kinda like weird white noise. 
Tip: Only works with headphones. 




 I too need an apartment near SU 




 Cozumel grill downtown... its kind of a trendy bar, but the foods amazing. Also, Gramma Moras is pretty good, but personally, I would recommend Mighty Taco, its kinda like Taco Bell but WAY better. 




 WOW
 




 THIS seems like a good idea :) 




 ohhh... okay then :) 




 done. 




 kk, brb... 




 hmm... its 1101 miles away :P 




 touche. 




 okay. Where are you? 




 I should have noted... we are two straight guys :/ 




 We have all day... do your worst reddit! 




 Each chicken supplies 4 chicken wing pieces... soo 35 chickens vs 4 guys... still respectable :) 




 2 roommates and myself got 28 jr. bacon cheeseburgers from wendys, 4 medium fries, and 3 large sodas... we killed a 12 pack while consuming these... one of the roommates would regularly kill 5-6 burgers/chicken sandwiches in one sitting... I would like to add none of us are by any means fat and go to the gym regularly 




 Amazing, I just spent 34 hours in sea-tac and JUST got home... I too went for the beers :) Only an extra dollar to make it a 20 oz, why not?! 




 I've only ever shipped my bike (UPS/FedEx) because there are SO many of airline bike destruction stories. Also... GET A HARDCASE. They cost a few hundred bucks and protect a multiple thousand dollar bike. Think about it
 




 SOO BADASS 




 Photoshopped :(

http://errorlevelanalysis.com/permalink/97a6a09/ 




 One of the best new shows out there 




 SOO funny, I go to cuse an really wish I saw this 




 WOW... want moar 




 noo she doesn't... Karen has a much rounder face. Also, mystery girl has a very sloped nose. 




 You were watching 24!! 




 Structurally speaking, almost anything that is carbonated is stored in a cylinder because of the internal pressures. A rectangular prism shaped bottle would need to be substantially thicker to withstand the internal pressures creates by carbonation and outside temperature and barometric pressure changes. 




 While in high school, I was a teachers aid for an 8th grade summer school program at the local middle school. There was some activity that involved the students labeling the oceans and continents on a black and white Mercator map. As if by high school I hadn't figured out where they were yet, the 20-something teacher I was aiding for kindly made me a key by labeling a map for me. To my initial shock, and eventual amusement, she labeled every single thing incorrectly. North America was the Indian Ocean, Asia was the Pacific, South America was Africa, etc.
I immediately gave this to my mother who was a teacher in the district. The teacher was not fired, but I was told given an atlas....   




