 Jerome Corsi's book that came out last year:
http://www.wnd.com/2013/09/report-kennedy-assassin-was-on-fbi-payroll/

also Don Adams, retired FBI agent who was investigating threats against Kennedy in the weeks before the assassination:

(http://www.newsnet5.com/news/local-news/akron-canton-news/former-fbi-agent-from-akron-insists-lee-harvey-oswald-didnt-murder-president-john-f-kennedy)
 




 Good comment. It can be hard to get info on what is going on recently. 




 Another good one on this subject written by Anarchist Jacques Ellul:
[Propaganda: the Formation of Men's Attitudes](http://www.pdfarchive.info/pdf/E/El/Ellul_Jacques_-_Propaganda.pdf) 




 Thanks. Even though I'm basically outing myself as a lunatic! 




 I know. Whenever I post any MKULTRA related stuff, not many seem that interested. I honestly don't know why, whether people are tired of it, don't know enough about it, or if they don't believe this stuff ever existed. 




 The official defense budget doesn't include such small items as the intelligence agencies, maintenance of nuclear stockpiles, VA benefits, and debt payments on foreign wars going back to Korea. 




 Basically this was a real life Apocalypse Now. US soldiers went AWOL and formed a village in Laos which they thought was a safe zone. The army didn't like that much and Operation Tailwind was undertaken to wipe them out. The op started with a dawn raid kicked off with sarin gas being dumped on the GIs. 



















 Here's a good place to ask specific questions about JFK stuff and especially about document authenticity. A lot of very serious researchers hang out there. Don't ask me why it evolved out of a teaching discussion board, but over the years it became a gathering place for old researchers with thousands of publications collectively between them:
[Education Forum Kennedy discussion board](http://educationforum.ipbhost.com/index.php?s=cea89a971e30e336a9785dc7303dc23c showforum=126)
 




 Exactly. 




 A lot of people in the JFK assassination community are now conjecturing that Oswald was working undercover with the FBI in order to infiltrate the CIA because Hoover suspected the CIA of engaging in domestic subversion. The theory holds that Oswald was set up because they figured out his true agenda. A lot of strange pieces of this puzzle fall into place neatly when one follows this line of reasoning. 




 [Good discussion of this phenomenon by Linda Moulton Howe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Csc0f5daafE) 




 People in the UK were making jokes for years about Jimmy Savile being a necrophile. It seemed ludicrous. It turned out that he really was, and that he was guilty of far more than the worst rumors/jokes ever suggested.

The Savile case was a really strong example of the mindset people have where they simply can't comprehend the kind of abuses a small percentage of the human race are capable of. Elements of intelligence services probably are using pedophilia as a way to blackmail and control politicians and powermongers, but the only people open to this possibility are those who allow themselves to entertain a degree of paranoia in their own worldview.

If I could put this another way, every year, the world seems to become a bit closer to the batshit crazy reality that David Icke has been describing for decades. I'm still not sold on lizard shapeshifters but I've learned not to take anything off the table until I have absolute proof that it does not exist. 




 [Evidence of Revision](http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/evidence-of-revision/) 




 No, I mean they should be called "sheep dudes" as opposed to "Dude they're called sheep." 
I'm going to be counting this conversation tonight. 




 Sheep dude. 




 I'll tell you what, why not post these comments as a self-post in the conspiracy subreddit. It's a bit silly to try to address any of these in a comment chain. You can give people a chance to explain their reasoning on some of this stuff, there might actually be a chance for putting links into answers, and if you can cut the ad hominem for a little while you might come away with a better understanding of how to communicate with a non scientific community in a way that doesn't  antagonize them. 




 Plato also believed in the rule of enlightened elites. What's Greek for Illuminati? 




 This is a smart young woman. I hope she comes out of this OK. 




 COINTELPRO, debt slavery, severe economic distress, unstable employment, a police state that scares the bejesus out of every sane human, a prison system with 25% of the world's prison population, endless distraction provided by conglomerates with what from the outside appears to be a satanic agenda, constant misinformation from mainstream media, bogus wars on drugs, poverty, Islam, you name it.
People don't know if they're coming or going. People know they're getting screwed but they're so tired that why should they give a shit if the government is peeping at their computers?
You want them to care about GMOs when they never cared about high fructose corn syrup, increased cancer rates, depleted sperm counts and countless other things connected to our modern diet?
People aren't stupid, but they are burned out. People need to heal before they will believe that resistance will amount to anything effective. 




 Here you go:
(http://www.counterpunch.org/2014/10/24/the-medicine-of-the-trans-pacific-partnership/) 




 Gotcha. 




 People have to wake up to how incredibly awful this thing is. This is a game over scenario. Call, don't e-mail. Phone calls make a much bigger difference. Most of the dipshits in congress probably have no idea what this legislation is.  




 Not to blame her at all because the drug laws are BS, but what I don't get is that  they came back with a warrant three hours later. Why in God's name didn't she flush the stuff? 




 Personally I became interested conspiracy stuff in the 80s because of the sixties assassinations and the CIA. I knew about MKULTRA earlier than a lot of people because my university was a major site of MKUTRA research not to mention CIA weapons development.
I developed a big interest in researchers from the sixties who published in underground papers and magazines like Paul Krassner's The Realist, Ramparts, The East Village Other and many others. They are still very readable and depressingly relevant and I encourage anyone to seek them out especially since a lot of these publications are reappearing on the web in digitized form.
Mae Brussell's radio show was great. Still worth listening to and every bit as controversial as it was thirty or forty years ago.

As for UFO stuff, as far as I remember, there was a shift in the 90s to that being about abductions and government intrigue. Into the 80s, although people started to talk about Roswell and Area 51, UFOs were still largely considered benign.
No one cared about Bush pere when he was VP, but everyone started talking about the New World Order as soon as he became Prez. I still don't think people have ever focused anywhere near enough on his tenure at the CIA. He oversaw a transition to electronic warfare/surveillance which defines our current world.
Then of course there was a huge amount of focus in the 80s on satanic cults in the aftermath of the son of Sam and Jonestown. 




 In my experience, people are fatter in the UK than in the US.  




 Nice one, thanks. 




 Not to defend Mossad, but Bull was trying to build his gun for Iraq. He was also dealing with the South Africans and the CIA. Plus, if I'm remembering right, I think he had a hand in Fuel Air Explosives research at McGill University. Nasty dude. 









 Tobacco was never really considered safe. Even back then cigarettes were widely referred to as "coffin nails". 




 In 1944, the LaGuardia Committee in New York State issued a report that concluded that marijuana was safe. It systematically contradicted claims made by the U.S. Treasury Department that smoking marijuana resulted in insanity, physical and mental deterioration, that it caused criminal behavior or juvenile delinquency, that it was physically addictive, or a "gateway" drug to more dangerous drugs.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Guardia_Committee

http://www.druglibrary.org/schaffer/library/studies/lag/lagmenu.htm 














 I'm having trouble deciding whether you don't know what the word "literally" means or the word "definition". 




 People from New Hampshire literally do nothing but sit around reading the Constitution all day. I swear to God they're all like this. 




 Look at a place like Buffalo which I think is the kind of place you're describing. Not too fucked, but lots of room for improvement. Possible to rent relatively cheaply, existing arts scene, some interest in non-conventional politics.
Bring back the idea of communes, but this time, keep them in cities. People living together to keep costs down, rent and food costs down, share medical through private clinics. Also, people need to see that right now it's more important to vote in local elections and go to city or town council meetings since most of the fascistic control in the US is coming through local ordinances. The police state needs to be controlled at local level, especially since there is no longer any real democracy at the national level. 




 There used to be a magazine called The Idler that had the basic premise that laziness and doing nothing can be one of the most potent forms of resistance to technological systems that control humanity. I think that's what they were getting at, I was too lazy to finish the articles. 




 I've found that eating more vegetables and fruit has cut my food costs a bit. Cutting out refined sugar and flour also gives me more energy. 




 I'll buy that for a dollar. 




 "Enlightenment is idealism." I disagree with this. Enlightenment is a real thing, not an imagined thing, not something that you will into being. It's something that's already there inside of each person, not an ideal to be reached. It's our humanity, our spirit. It's the very essence of pragmatism, but not the bullshit pragmatism of mass manipulators and psycho controllers. It's the pragmatism of knowing who you are and realizing that anything that subtracts from who you really are is a fiction. 




 I wouldn't say that it's possible to cut out my exposure to all ads, but by quitting cable, using ad blocker, and keeping my head down, I've drastically reduced the amount of advertising that reaches me. Every now and then, I'll try to turn on a basketball game, and I am at the point where it is like an assault on my senses all the crap they try to push. I can't make it through a full game these days, I just start feeling fucking nauseous. Consequently, I barely ever buy anything anymore besides food and books. 




 Great post. I totally agree. When a culture gets to a point where you have to take a side on everything, where you can never say "I don't know", where no amount of cognitive dissonance is tolerated, then that is a culture of pure control.
People can look at enlightenment as this airy fairy spiritual thing, but at the end of the day it is really a very political process. Waking up to one's place in the world is highly political. Gaining some measure of control over one's own thoughts is as political as it gets. Buddhism offers some very useful techniques to learn how to control the ego, but it is far  from the only way. 
Ultimately, spiritual or political awakening take a lot of work and endurance. No set of dogmas will do it, and there is no one way to get there. 




 Huxley wasn't advocating mass hypnotism, he was against it. "Another lucky accident was Freuds inability to hypnotize successfully and his consequent disparagement of hypnotism." He's saying it was a good thing that there was a delay in bringing about this kind of governmental control. Huxley was a brilliant, perceptive thinker, and in many ways, he was warning about a world that resembles our own even more than that of 1984.  




 VALIS is actually more of an autobiography than a novel. That shit actually happened to Dick. The Black Iron Prison is a real thing. That's what makes his writing so powerful. I think Philip K Dick will eventually be regarded as the greatest mystic of the 20th century. 




 Just say no to memes. 




 Beck rules, fuck Kanye.
 




 I think you found the right sub for this. 




 It's a mix of truth and exaggeration in Zeitgeist. A lot of the religious stuff comes from a woman named Acharya. She is basically repeating a lot of the claims made by a 19th century writer called Gerald Massey who really was coming up with ideas using nothing more than his imagination. Some of the broad claims are absolutely true, ie: how Christianity was changed by Emperor Constantine into a sun worshipping cult based around Apollo (with Constantine the stand in for Apollo) but most of the claims about how these deities repeat in different religions are strained. The stuff equating Mary with Meru for example is just garbage. There was no global religion. There are probably broad global archetypes that most religions draw on. Zeitgeist is repeating a 19th century obsession with seeing the religions of the West as originating with India, but these really are very different species. Until you get to Gnosticism at which point, all bets are off. 




 Someone said years ago that the elites would create phony enemies out of the Soviet Union first, the Islam, and finally extraterrestrials. The real enemy is humanity.
It must be fun to destroy an entire planet and enslave a species if you're a psychopath. 




 Do cops get a sexual thrill out of murdering innocent dudes like this? These asshole police are not like normal people, they scare the shit out of me. 




 The CIA was deeply involved in Jamaican politics in the 70's and Marley scared them because he had a lot of sway with a broad spectrum of Jamaican society. He was involved in peace concerts during a period when Jamaica basically was at civil war.

(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One_Love_Peace_Concert) 




 No unions, no anti-corporate rhetoric. What's left? Pray to our godlike overlords? Will them to improve themselves morally? The best jobs I've had, the ones where I've come closest to being treated respectfully, have all been unionized. 
Left wing libertarianism is a beautiful thing, check it out. 




 For most of your news? Really? Sweet Jesus. 




 Spot fucking on. People need to watch this guy. 




 What were the other 17 years, police actions? 




 Speak for yourself my friend, it's been hitting me and my wife damn hard and we haven't been 19 in a long while. 




 Sickening. 




 Even a stuffed shirt is correct twice a day. 




 Add regular extreme weather events, never ending war against fictional enemies, drought and disease cleansing the population in the poorest countries, Fukushima radiation spilling out and poisoning half the planet, and the death of our oceans... then you've got a picture that looks like today's world. The Apocalypse is already here. 




 Borders should be open for human beings and restricted for capital. But we have the reverse right now which is why the world has become a giant playground for the mega-wealthy. Also, did you realize there are one million American citizens living in Mexico? No one seems to complain about that! 




 Immigration is just another issue used to distract people from the real issues. Anyone on this reddit who is still busy getting angry about immigration basically doesn't get it. You're being manipulated whatever your views on the subject. Stop letting people stir up your emotions, that's how they control you. Come to every issue with an open mind and use logic. 




 I saw that vigil at UC Davis. It was inspiring. I slept at Zuccotti Park and had to walk past a gauntlet of 100 NYPD revving the engines of their fucking bikes as I went past them. Goons. That was the first time in my adult life that I really woke up to just how much of a police state the US has become which would have been heartbreaking but the people at OWS were like this collection of the best this country has to offer. I left there knowing that the Goons will win battle after battle, but they can't stop real Americans even if those Americans don't get on TV or in newspapers.  




 People like to ridicule the Boomers and sometimes deservedly so, but the anti-Vietnam war movement of the sixties was the last time the people of America seriously threatened the powers that be. Student activists were a major part of that. Where is today's Mario Savio? Savio was a classics major who could express powerful thoughts in an articulate way. Today he would probably be studying for an MBA or a professional degree and be saddled with so much debt that an arrest record for civil disobedience would destroy his life. People on this subreddit would do well to study what happened back in the sixties. 




 They also worshipped a bat god. 




 Good post. I could care less if someone believes in God or not. I'm personally agnostic but very interested in spirituality, but what makes me nervous is that atheism seems to be a new kind of religion. A fundamentalist, intolerant one at that, and what is worse is that the adherents of this new religion refuse to acknowledge that they've formed an organized religion. I can't imagine that ending well. 




 I hope she makes a million dollars out of these jerks. 




 Thanks, I'll read that. 




 Huh? 




 Now we have our very own Gulag. Well done America. 




 McAdams is so absurdly biased that he loses credibility. Try this site instead: (http://educationforum.ipbhost.com/index.php?showforum=126) 




 Dorothy Kilgallen and Mary Pinchot Meyer were two extremely suspicious deaths in connection to the JFK assassination. Kilgallen was a very well known reporter who just before she died did an interview with Jack Ruby that she told a friend was going "to blow the case open". Mary Pinchot Meyer was one of JFK's mistresses who was murdered within a year of the assasination in a quiet, safe part of Washington DC while taking a walk. 

Here's a link with a list: (http://www.maebrussell.com/Disappearing%20Witnesses/Disappearing%20Witnesses.html) 




 I saw that, good article. I'd also include anyone sitting in US prison for non-violent drug offenses to the list of political prisoners. 




 The US has 5% of the world's population and 25% of its prisoners. We have far more prisoners than China including even China's political prisoners. 




 Afghanistan was about the minerals, approximately one trillion dollars of untapped resources... [(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mining_in_Afghanistan)] 




 Does this mean he's going to break into his own house and shoot himself in the head? 




 Doesn't sound like a rant at all. Sounds like a neat assessment of the challenge that is facing us. In stark terms, human beings are born into slave systems where we no longer own our own bodies or food or land. These are the purview of corporations and governments. But the one thing in our favor is that it only takes a tiny percentage of people to make these entities look really bad. 




 Rogan did another earlier show with Randall Carlson who has also appeared on Red Ice Creations. 




 It's damn hard for the poor, but there are ways. Learning to grow their own food in community gardens is one, something that has taken hold in unexpected places like poor neighborhoods in LA. Debt can be harder to sort out, but that's the challenge that has to be met. 




 In case you haven't heard this, might interest you:
[(http://podcasts.joerogan.net/podcasts/randall-carlson-2)] 




 Don't know if this counts as bullshit, but in case you don't know about Manson 2 and Hollywood/ the music industry:
[(http://www.paranoiamagazine.com/2013/01/the-process-church-of-the-final-judgment-and-the-manson-family-2/)] 




 I'd like to know more about the history of the military industrial complex as well as the development of specific weaponry for behavior modification. 














 Change starts in you. Stop putting poison into your body and pretending it's food, stop taking on debt, stop doing things you don't want to do because you're scared you might look weird for doing something else. Stop looking at things in terms of left/right, Democrat/Republican, right/wrong, black/white... try to see different sides of issues. Read, think, reclaim your mind. Don't wait for the government or business to save the world. Only you can do that. 




 Welcome to the controlled internet. 




 And so it begins... 




 Cowards shooting a man running away. This looks like some Central American death squad. It's lucky no one else was killed by their stray bullets. 




 I found the comments section of that article incredibly disturbing. 




 Here's a few that are good:
On JFK: *Brothers*; *JFK and the Unspeakable: Why He Died and Why It Matters*

On Nazis: *The Occult Roots of Nazism* ; 
*The Hunt for Zero Point: Inside the Classified World of Antigravity Technology*

On Military Industrial Complex: *SOLDIERS OF REASON: The RAND Corporation and the Rise of the American Empire*

On MKULTRA: *A Terrible Mistake: The Murder of Frank Olson and the CIA's Secret Cold War Experiments*

Also it's not a book, but if you're interested in Big Pharma, make sure you watch *Sugar: the Bitter Truth* by Dr Robert Lustig
[(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBnniua6-oM)] 




 Thanks, great recommendations. 




