























































































































 Mr. Moore:

I read with interest [your letter](http://www.ea.com/news/we-can-do-better?ClickID=dcsyz0xhwthrxxxnbm22hhbok2ktrrkt2yxk) to the gaming community regarding the perceptions your customers and the gaming community have of Electronic Arts (EA).  I can understand some of your frustration as indeed some of the criticism is unfair, some unfounded and some overblown.  It is true being bigger, as you implied, means you catch more flak.

I am one of your customers but not a particularly important one.  Merely one drop in a very large bucket.  Nor am I "the voice of the community" or speaking for anyone but myself.  Nevertheless I wanted to address some points you made in your letter and I feel fairly certain many others are thinking the same things (or near enough).  Hubris on my part?  Maybe but it is in earnest.  

I get why being voted "Worst Company in America" would bug you.  It should bug you.  Not because you actually are the "Worst Company in America" but because enough people would think it to vote that way.  This should be telling you/EA something and that it is something to think about rather than dismiss as a bunch of juvenile cranks.

The trick is to figure how the people voting are defining "worst".  Is it "most evil company that destroys ecosystems" or can you think of it as "who treats their customers poorly and delivers a sub-par product while trying to extract the most money they can from their customers"?  Make no mistake I have no love for the oil companies but as a customer they do deliver the product I expect with little hassle.  EA on the other hand seems to be like a gold digger eyeing a prospect to figure how much he/she can be squeezed for.

To be clear, I completely understand EA is a business and they are in this game (pun intended) to make money.  If you do not make money you will be out of business...simple as that.  Absolutely nothing at all wrong with trying to turn a profit (no business would exist if it didn't...learned that in Econ-101).

The issue arises in how you go about making that money.  I will not sit here and tell you the right way to do that (actually I started doing that, wrote several paragraphs and deleted them...email me if you want them).  I will, however, point out some clear misses and apparent blind spots from your letter.  I can guarantee you that this is not just my opinion.  Your corpo/PR approved/sanitized speech has only [incensed people further](http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/1bqz6u/peter_moore_we_can_do_better/) (hence this letter).

- You did not support SOPA but [did not oppose it either](http://www.joystiq.com/2012/01/17/ea-explains-lack-of-sopa-stance/).  Further, you did support the Entertainment Software Association which did support SOPA.  Distancing yourself from that is dubious.  It is like pretending you have no political stance while sending money to...I won't Godwinize this letter so will leave it at that (did I just pull off a stealth Godwinization?).

- Your wonderment at the Mass Effect fiasco shows a lack of understanding about what it was the fans were mad about.  Watch [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M0Cf864P7E).  It should clear things up.

- Your fumble of the SimCity launch could have/should have been seen miles away.  I'm sure you had pre-sales numbers so had good reason to know *most* of those people would be jumping your servers in the first few hours.  How can you miss that?  Is giving away 900,000 games cheaper than buying a few more servers?  (Now I think about it I can see that it might have been.  Will need to get my tinfoil hat to ponder that one some more.)

- SimCity always online bit IS a DRM scheme.  It may be other things too but I am sure the folks at EA did not miss that it manages to be DRM because I am (almost) certain they are not stoopid.  That said the DRM aspects may have been icing on the cake.  The online bit for SimCity looks like a good way to get micro-transactions going for the SimCity franchise.  Bottom line is there is NO reason SimCity ever needed an online aspect.  It was not, has never been, that kind of game and has never been a big request for players.  Pretty sure the internet has been telling EA/Maxis that from the very first time they learned of it.  EA/Maxis did it anyway cuz you know...to hell with what the customer wants.

- 45 million registered users is not a meaningful comparison to Steam.  I can personally say I have four games on Origin and 100 (I checked) on Steam.  I log in to Steam several times a week.  I go months without logging in to Origin.  I am willing to bet, indeed I will bet you, Steam blows your doors off in this and will continue to do so.

- About the Madden cover thing...in any large enough group you will have some cranks and weirdos.  I have worked for multi-national companies before and seen some of the complaints that come in and bizarre barely covers it.  Ignore them.  Worry when so many people dislike your company you start winning contests about being the most hated company in the US.

- As for the LGBT stance kudos to you.  You will be on the right side of history and, frankly, it is a smart business decision for you.  Bonus it is also the ethical and the morally correct decision.  Obviously it is a polarizing issue and you cannot keep both sides happy at the same time.  Not being snarky or kidding at all about this...good on you and EA for this position.  

It is encouraging to see you saying EA wants to do better and I really hope EA follows through on that.  You have excellent examples out there such as Steam (perhaps your nemesis but you would be foolish to not figure out what they are doing right) and/or like the folks at CD Projekt RED (to name two).  Both are doing smashingly well with incredible consumer loyalty doing almost exactly the opposite (in many respects) of what EA does.

I used to like EA.  I want to like EA.  You need to decide whether you want to be [Walmart or Costco](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2012/11/26/why-can-t-walmart-be-more-like-costco.html) in this.

Sincerely,

train_subject9958 












































 I was reading the article [It's Diablo 3 All Over Again with the SimCity 5 Launch](http://www.tomshardware.com/news/SimCity-Diablo-DRM-PC-Gaming-Always-Connected,21385.html) and it occurred to me that for all the gnashing of teeth over these things our pain doesn't matter.

For all the bitching and moaning gamers can produce it is of no matter.  There is ONE measure these companies care about...sales.  

The article I linked above compares Sim City 5 to Diablo-3.  As bad as Diablo-3 turned out to be here are the sales results:

Diablo 3 increased its sales by 2 million from the Q3 of 2012 and that makes Diablo 3 the #1 best-selling PC game at retail for the calendar year 2012 in North America and Europe. ([CITE](http://gamerexp.com/diablo-3-passes-12-million-sales-world-of-warcraft-lost-subscriptions))

In short, all this bitching and moaning is meaningless.  As long as EA can nab best selling games you can bitch all you want.  I guarantee they do not give a shit if they can sell 12 million copies.
 





















































































































































































































































































































 Frustrated by a lack of political power and fed up with blindly donating to politicians who consistently vote against the industry's interests, a handful of leaders are determined to shake things up.

Are they serious?  What planet are they living on?

Whoops...not sure why that didn't link to the article.  Here is the link:

http://www.americanbanker.com/issues/177_66/SuperPAC-banking-Howard-Headless--Friends-of-Traditional-Banking-1048138-1.html?zkPrintable=1 nopagination=1 














 This has always confused me.

Imagine I step off the ISS into space and I want to de-orbit and fall back to earth.  When I step off the station I will remain in orbit next to the space station.  To get back to earth do I need to speed up or slow down?

My confusion stems from the following:

The further away from earth you are the slower you go to stay in a stable orbit.  So, if I slowed down would I move into a higher orbit?  To get back to earth do I need to speed up?
 


































 Not sure if my Vanguard guy should focus more on Aim or Strength.  He is tank specced and has a few melee based attacks as well as ranged attacks.  For the most part the ranged attacks are not all that strong and more damage seems possible with the melee stuff (such as Stock Strike).

Ideas?  Opinions?
 














 I am level-17 Vanguard still tooling around Coruscant.

I have pimped my character about as much as I think he can be pimped on this planet.  Using commendations he has a very nice blaster rifle (complete with mods) and his armor is about as good as it will get for the next few levels (he has an Aim of over 200).

Anyway, when I am fighting mobs my blaster rifle feels like a squirt gun.  I am laying in shooting non-stop and their damage bar ever-so-slowly goes down.  Then my companion (Adric-dude) pops one shot with his autocannon and half their health bar vanishes.

Granted the blaster rifle is not meant to be as powerful as the heavy guns but geez...feels more like I am whipping them with a wet noodle.

My special attacks do damage fine and are what carry me through but I just figured the second most powerful set of guns in the game would have a bit more oomph to them.

Any ideas on what I am missing or is this just how it is? 




 Seems to me it is not in their interest.

If SOPA passes people registering websites would go way down.  People hosting on their site would go way down.  SOPA simply puts far to much liability on a website operator for anyone to be casual about it and that would reduce the number of people starting websites.

So, forgetting for a moment that SOPA sucks and should be opposed period where is GoDaddy's self-interest in supporting this?

As near as I can tell it would only hurt their business.  Self-interest, if doing the right thing is too hard for them, should see them oppose this anyway.

 




 Say we have an infinite series of random numbers such as:

68432010267983002180002687964157862...(goes on forever)

Is there a chance that if you chose some series of numbers, say 1234567890987654321 or 00000000000000000000, will not occur?

If so how big does the series have to be before we could expect a chance of not finding a given string?  That is, it seems silly to think we would never see 35 or 91 or 47 to never appear.  As we get longer the chances for a given series to appear diminish but they never reach zero.
 









 I know the quick answer to this is "no".  I realize Quantum Mechanics has the electron sorta smeared out and assigns probabilities to its location.

That said, does the electron actually have a specific location at any given point in time and the problem is merely our inability to pinpoint it (Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle)?  Or is the electron, in reality, really smeared out?

Also, I know the Bohr Model of an atom is not correct (i.e. electrons orbit akin to planets) but if that is incorrect is the electron orbiting in any fashion or is it blinking (or jumping for lack of better words) from place to place?
 







































 I think this has been mentioned before but it bears repeating since I have seen numerous people pointing this out lately.

This is an internet message board.  Not AP English class.  People will make mistakes when typing messages.  Happens.  Stop correcting every little error and instead focus on the gist of the post.  

Mind you, I am all for proper grammar and I think anyone wanting to make a serious point is well served if they pay attention to their grammar.  Mistakes only detract from what you are trying to get across.

Still, mistakes happen and the worst editor in the world is the person who wrote what is being edited (loosely speaking).

There are some caveats to this (not meant to be an authoritative list as I am sure there are other exceptions to be found):

1)  You are correcting someone who is correcting someone else's grammar.

2)  The misspelling changes the post in a way that makes it unintentionally humorous (worth making note of that).

3)  The grammar is so atrocious as to be nearly unreadable.

Bottom line is to use common sense.  Would you want the topic of discussion in a post you made be your use of "there" instead of "their" when it has nothing to do with anything you were writing about?

Try [this bit by Stephen Fry](http://vimeo.com/15412319) if you want the point put more eloquently than I ever could.

EDIT:  To anyone who loves language I *highly* recommend the Stephen Fry bit I linked.  The guy is brilliant.

 





























 An Englishman, Irishman and Scotsman walk into a bar and order a pint.

They look at their beer and notice there is a fly stuck in the foam of each one.

The Englishman, showing some disgust, grabs a spoon and fishes the fly out.

The Scotsman casually flicks the fly out of the foam with his fingers.

The Irishman grabs the fly and yells, "Spit it out ya bastard!"
 












































