 I just recently hit level 20, with around 14k ip saved up to buy tier 3 runes. Im planning to make two basic AD and AP rune pages, and then later specialize. ( I have 4 rune pages) My main problem is what quints should I get for the AD page? I hear things like 2 attack speed quints and 1 ad quint, all AD, all AS, 3 movement quints, lifesteal quints and many other things. What would be best?

My most played roles that use AD are in the order of Top, Jungle, then ADC.
 









 No matter how good you are, you can't win them all. Sometimes you have teammates that are so braindead that it is impossible to win. Just remember though that the only common denominator is you. There must be something you could be doing better to help you win. 




 Bad luck streaks happen. I just had a 10 game losing streak, and now ive won 5 straight. Dont worry, It all balances out eventually. 




 Sunfire cape is great on champions that deal in extended trades or have a dps ability (like Shyvana or Mundo). For example, sunfire cape is almost always my second item on shyvana (after I build cutlass, and not if I'm against someone like ryze) 




 As a newer player, I did the same thing when I first started. However i'd advise to go to PVP as immediately as you can. I actually found it easier, as you're facing other new players who make mistakes too, and you learn so much more so much faster. It's also much more fun. 




 Akali. You can easily snowball out of control off of one kill, and no one ever buys pink wards to counter her either. 




 Akali is actually a good and fun champion to play top. If you can capitalize on a mistake early on, or the jungler successfully ganks top, you can easily snowball out of control. Top is easily the most snowbally lane, and Akali is one of the most snowbally champions. Combine them and it can get insane. 




 As a fellow noob, I find that playing a couple bot games with a new champion helps a ton. Sure, you may my be getting much competition from them, but it lets you get the basics of a champion down pat before you play against the actual skilled opponents. 




 I've been trying Akali out this week, and i absolutely love her. I am probably going to buy her and start using her a lot. The one major downside to her that i have heard is that she has plenty of troubles once you reach a higher elo. I was just wondering, around what division does her effectiveness fall because of things such as people buying pink wards to counter her, etc.  




 Another one is Ryze, and that is because of him being able to gain insane damage from tank items, and that his passive basically let's him spam those spells non-stop. 




 My advice is just to slowly phase out using the space bar to center you. It's not a huge deal if you need to use it, but it's good not to have to rely on keeping a finger on the space bar. 









 I was really hoping for a free Zed or Akali week. As a new player I have been dying to try either of the two. 




 As a lower level player without runes, I reccomend using Warwick for now. You can learn the basics with him quite easily, he has plenty of room for error, and he has deadly ganks at level 6. 




 I'm a pretty new player to league, and i'm just trying to plan my rune pages for after I hit level 20. At the current moment im just trying to get some basic rune pages set up, and then in the future specialize. The one thing i've noticed in all of my research has been that you should use health seals  over armor seals now. The thing i've been wondering is how much better are they? Is the difference minor enough that i can save the extra 5000 ip for the time being and just use the armor seals, or is it a noticeable enough disadvantage that i should shell out the extra money right off the bat? 

I play top the most, followed by jungle and mid. 




 *groan* 




 The reason why you havent seen him in the show since season 1 is that his actor had scheduling problems. He has a much larger part in the books 




 There's no real reason at all. Besides the fact that he's secretly the prince that was promised, Azor Ahai reborn, and all that good stuff. 




 Thats what seemed so fucked up about it. I just can't imagine someone actually taking the time to record and play something like that. I had to actually keep telling myself that it was real, not just some sick fetishists story. Who the fuck could do this shit.  




 I appreciate knowing the punch line in the title. Thanks! 




 /u/preggit , how dare you mod this heretic?!? 




 People have the same reaction to my dick pics :'( 




 The old 'dick pic to the inbox' approach. Works every time. 




 What is your favorite movie and why is it finding nemo? 




 Good luck remembering the news stations number. 




 It won't be a problem. The amnesia will cause their body to forget about their diabetes and they'll be cured! 




 I've never heard of someone having bad enough amnesia to forget their own hand. 




 *You're goddamn right!* 




 *Like your tears*

Then BAM go for the nut shot! 




 He wrote that. It's in his song "Evil Twin" 




 Care to share any of the others? 




 All aboard the *Kane Train*! 




 It's actually weird, because both of those could work for GoT references, but I don't think they were intended to be. My brain hurts. 




 *cue shitty broken arms joke* 




 This story is so much better if you read 'penis' instead of 'pens' 




 Pay a large fine in only ass pennies. 




 "Stalin's gonna make fun of me for having a higher k/d ratio." :( 




 Hey man, when that extremely specific conversation comes up eventually, I'll know *exactly* what to say! 




 The times I have affected someone's life for the negative.  




 Amount of time spent on the computer 




 It might be easier to count the times that I'm not masturbating. 




 idk bro it would actually be like pretty cool. like OMG it would be alot. Like literally 5 trillion times.

^^^sorry 




 You can tell he's been waiting months for an opportunity to tell this joke. 




 http://imgur.com/a/pkgos#0 




 You've got some issues Stan, I think you need some counselling

To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some. 




 Mine was basically "Wear a condom and don't stick your dick in crazy." 









 ^^Thatsthejoke 




 Or fuck my girlfriend 




 What's the point of working out if you can't post a heavily edited selfie on Instagram with the caption "Workout time! \#workout #beachbody #dedicated #jacked #jkimfat #likeforlike 




 Unidan? More like Umph-I-Can! (  #865; #3232;  #860; #662;  #865; #3232;)
 




 Unidan? More like Umph-I-Can! (  #865; #3232;  #860; #662;  #865; #3232;)
 




 \tfw Unidan won't demonstrate the mating ritual of the American Crow on you 




 Why did the chicken cross the road?

To get to the other side! 

^comedy ^gold 




 Maggie's sister. The blonde girl who was with Daryl. 




 I'll miss Beth. I'm really rooting for her to survive. I enjoy the optimism and 'innocence' she has.  









 You could say the same thing about your mothers 'big bang'. *Everywhere at once.* 




 Unless we go into some sort of Brave New World type society. 




 I made mostly everyone physical into a Hero, with a couple Paladins and a Swordmaster.  




 A big rule of smart gambling is that until you walk out the door with the money you gained/lost, you didn't "lose anything". Like lets say you won 10 grand, and then subsequently lost it on your next bet, you didn't lose 10 grand, you just didn't gain anything. Of course, its better to play smart and not lose that money in the first place, but if you do, don't worry about it. That's what will cause you to start losing your *actual* money trying to get it back. 




 You just gotta know where to buy them. You can't just go to 'Loincloths R Us', pick the first one you, see and expect a good deal. 




 As someone who is struggling through only a no-grind, no streetpass Lunatic run, that sounds like complete hell. I honestly don't know if doing a run like that would be possible. Without a defense boost from Frederick, a +def avatar wouldn't have enough def to reliably tank in the early levels, making you rely purely on Freddy, which would screw you for the later levels. 




 It's gotta be at least one. If you don't jerk off to yourself in the mirror, you got a problem. 




 I could imagine it being bad, and just going downhill from there.

"How many people masturbated to me?"

"3"

"Eh, that's pretty low. Were the girls hot at least?"

"They were guys."

"Were the *guys* decent looking then?"

"It was the old guy who lives next door, your gym teacher, and your creepy uncle." 

"..fuck" 




 Oh I know this one! It's from ["Whorrey Potter and the Sorcerors Balls"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Pq-4oAZbtI), right?

^^right?.....

[(this is an actual film)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whorrey_Potter_and_the_Sorcerer's_Balls) 




 I'm so sick of these motherfucking snakes on this motherfucking plane! 




 In my opinion, Lunatic Casual is probably easier than Hard Classic. It definitely would take away from the game. 




 They say music can alter moods and talk to you,

Well can it load a gun and cock it too?

If it can, the next time you assault a dude,

Tell the judge it was my fault, and I'll get sued.

Sing for the moment- Eminem 




 Its a popular show, so it has a large fanbase that would vote highly on it. What I'm surprised about is that season 2 and 3 are ranked higher then most of season 4 and 1, which have been the best seasons so far. 




 I honestly feel the opposite. The character development is a lot better this season, and unlike past seasons there isn't really anyone that you truly don't care about. The only member of the main group that I'm indifferent about is Sasha. 









 After you get past level 2, it actually isn't really that bad. Its challenging, but not masochistic. Lunatic+ is a whole different story. Its not even masochistic, its just pure insane. If I didn't see a video of someone beating it, I would think it was literally impossible. 




 Access to lunatic+ (AKA stupidly-hard mode) is the only thing you get from it. The satisfaction of beating Lunatic is good enough for me though 




 I have. I'm on level 6 right now, and my Avatar is insane. Level 17 with 16 defense, she's stronger then frederick in every single stat and could probably solo levels if I wanted her to. 




 For me it was around 24 hours on hard, not including my many resets when a character would die. 




 If you think that is difficult, try lunatic mode. It took me literally 2 weeks and easily over 10 hours of gameplay just to get past the second mission. 




 Its hard to explain without some spoilers, but it does all make sense in the game. 




 [Here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5P6ztpTMdc) is the full conversation if you're curious.

In short, Gregor (the old guy), has some drunk girl madly in love with him try to propose over and over again. He has Ricken (the little kid) dress up and pretend to be his girlfriend to get her off his back. 




 Gregor is my favorite. Whats better then the 40 year old, russian womanizer? 




 Its a war game, and a great one at that. However a big side portion of the game is building up character 'supports', which makes them help eachother in battle more. They can also have children, which are usually the best units in the game. This leads many people to focus purely on the relationship and eugenics side of the game, to try to get the most overpowered kids possible. 




 I actually will miss him. He had the art of getting downvotes but still being funny at the same time. He had  less than 5k karma left before he would have made it to a impressive -100k karma. 




 No offense is taken. I made these pairings purely on a fun first time playthrough, not caring about stats. I'd rather know if it would work before I started grinding then after I did. Thanks. 




 Hey guys, I am a pretty novice FE player (only played Shadow dragon and Awakening), and I have recently decided that I want to grind up my team and try to beat apotheosis. I was just wondering, how neccessary are optimal parent pairings in it? My only kids at the moment (im planning to get them all of course) are Sully!Lucina, Sully!Kjelle, Gregor!Severa, and Gaius!Yarne. Would those kids work well enough or be too subpar? 




 You could just always go on to /fit/ you know 




 Edit: I meant to put reproducing instead of producing in the title. 










































































