 Outside of pressurized storage, there have been a number of different research directions, including metal hydrides, porous materials, and different versions of chemical storage. The metal hydrides have seen more than a decade of intense research, and the challenges remain - one may be able to enable H2 uptake, but then the release kinetics are slow, or vice-versa, and they may be unstable over many cycles (and hence degrade).  Another area that has been interesting is that of metal organic frameworks, which the materials community called MOFs (pronounced 'mops', but with an 'f').  MOFs are synthetic porous structures that have enormous surface area, and most importantly, they can be tuned through synthetic chemistry to enable precise tailoring of characteristics.  They were shown early on (work of Omar Yaghi and others) to enable gas storage. Early concerns about stability of these structures to industrial conditions are being addressed by people like Jeff Long, and others.  

Yaghi Group:
(http://yaghi.berkeley.edu/bio.html)

Long Group:
(http://alchemy.cchem.berkeley.edu/home/)

Dichtel Group:
(http://dichtel.chem.cornell.edu)

I heard Jeff Long give a talk recently, and his results for industrial applications of MOFs (he was talking about CO2 storage and gas separation in that seminar) were very impressive - the stability was excellent at higher temps, in the presence of quite a nasty mix of effluent gases.  




 Storage, of course, is a huge issue.  For solar, the two big problems, of course, are clouds and the diurnal cycle of the earth (i.e., night!).  In addition, for mobile applications, storage is essential at all times. It is interesting to watch what is going on with respect to solar-powered water splitting (electrolysis of water) to generate hydrogen.  What I will call the "Dan Nocera/Nate Lewis" vision is one of cheap solar cells that generate electricity to split water into hydrogen and oxygen; the hydrogen can be stored in a tank under your lawn, under a park, village square, etc, and then fed back into inexpensive fuel cells to generate electricity on demand.  Some good overview links include: Nocera TEDx talk: (http://tedxtalks.ted.com/video/The-Sustainocene-era-of-perso-2), Lewis Lab: (http://nsl.caltech.edu/energy). 




 It sounds completely corny, but it's highly motivating to interact with such incredibly smart people every day - authors, reviewers, my fabulous students, our editors, and editors of other journals with whom I often work. I often feel worried that I will let them down, and so I try to use even 2 minutes of downtime to get something done.  2 minutes here, 5 minutes there, it all adds up.  People like Paul Weiss, Prashant Kamat, Kirk Schanze, Laura Kiessling, are all high flyers who are always smiling, and going going going - their attitude is infectious.  




 Hello Reddit! I am a Professor of Chemistry at the [University of Alberta and the National Institute for Nanotechnology in Canada](http://buriak.chem.ualberta.ca). I am also Editor-in-Chief of the journal, [Chemistry of Materials](http://pubs.acs.org/journal/cmatex), published by the American Chemical Society. The focus of my research group is the synthesis and characterization of nanomaterials and surfaces for applications in renewable energy, self-assembly for semiconductor-based electronics, and lots of other related directions.

Research in renewable energies is one of the fastest growing research areas in science, if not **the** fastest. Thousands of scientists worldwide are focusing their careers and working lives on developing the means for civilization to be powered by renewables. Seem like a dream?  Research that is ongoing both in universities and industry around the world is pushing hard to make renewables a widely-deployed reality.  

More solar energy hits the surface of terrestrial earth than all of humanity uses in a single year - we have a massive fusion reactor 'burning' in the sky, which represents the largest single source of energy humanity has at its disposal. The use of widespread solar energy has been stymied by a number of factors, including storage issues (due to intermittency caused by pesky clouds and the rotation of the earth), real or perceived higher costs of solar-derived electricity compared to fossil fuel-based generation, and general lack of understanding.

At our journal, Chemistry of Materials, we receive many manuscript submissions each year, more than half of which are related to applications in renewable energy, including solar energy capture and transformation into electricity and solar fuels, battery storage, chemical storage (i.e., hydrogen, and CO2 conversion to diesel), and others. People are working hard on designing and producing cheap and flexible solar cells that can be printed like newspapers, while others are envisioning batteries that use salt from the ocean as their electrolyte, amongst many remarkable ideas.

Please join me for a discussion about the materials being designed and produced today that are already being tested and applied, worldwide, for renewable energy generation and storage. Thank you!

**Hi - I have to go (day-job is calling), but I will try to answer all questions throughout the day. Please keep the questions coming! So interesting  Jillian** 




