 That's not it at all... it's the quality of the match not the rub from just being in it, or the decision.  Good matches are happening and people are talking about them, and all the people involved. 




 I liked that quick jab at the beginning of the match when they were circling.  That screamed heel to me and the announcers played it off like it was a veteran move. 




 You do realize that Cena is going out there and saying what he is scripted to say, right?  He isn't just going out there and making it up on the spot. 




 You also have to remember that Kane is:

a. Older than he used to be so he can't take as much punishment
b. Not the same character as the guy who used to no sell chair shots

I get it if you have issues but make sure they don't make you sound like you are looking for reasons to just hate on Cena  




 Bring Back Funaki! 




 Brie once caught Nikki and Cena fooling around and yelled out "Come on Nikki!"  




 I hate that but I hate the Architect moniker more.  Hands down the worst moniker in recent memory for me. 




 The outcome isn't what matters... it's the quality of the matches.  He is putting on quality matches with each of his opponents.  We have gotten to see his go against a variety of opponents (Barret, Kane, Zayn, Neville, Stardust) and make them all look good as well as making the title look like something worth fighting for. 




 That was the other one that I was thinking of lol.  It was a toss up for me on which was worse. 




 Lawler vs Michael Cole at Mania 27 




 Bring Back Funaki! 




 Drew Carey... wait? 




 Top rope and springboard finishers are more of a face thing.  Having it be just part of his move set doesn't make it as much of a face move. 




 Couldn't even link the music huh? 




 I just like how fickle the wrestling fans are.  Before this documentary airs, people were hating on Rose so much saying how crappy his character is and how he should be part of the spring cleaning releases and whatnot.  Now this show airs and people flip flop to nothing but praise for him.   




 And New Day Smocks 




 I actually have no issue with the direction and the character.  IF you actually pay attention his feuds do have meaning to him as a character. 




 Yup because then you get this lol 




 There's no point in chanting his name when he is not there or mentioned.  It only takes away from the show that is going on.  I get he is missed; I miss seeing him too, but we don't need it being a distraction from the show going on. 




 Jericho looks like [Bon Jovi](http://www.m80radio.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/jonbonjovi_055horizprintwweb.jpg) 




 Abyss disappeared and then out of the blue his "brother" showed up looking for him.  After a while he started wrestling but wasn't much good at it.  Then on occassion he would get busted open and he would snap showing Abyss tendencies (i.e. using his moves like the Black Hole Slam).  This started happening more and more to the point where people caught on that he had a "split personality" and was really Abyss the whole time.  Joseph Park was his way of dealing with getting away from his violent lifestyle.  Then if I'm not mistaken it wasn't split personality but just Abyss pretending to be his own brother. 




 We'd have Rollins, Ambrose, and the fat guy 




 Austin's neck from the Owen piledriver, Bret Hart's head injury from the Goldberg kick 




 Big Dick Johnson 




 Rush featuring Bubbles and I'm sold 




 I think someone missed his nap today 




 That is no way to respond to someone who is legit excited and curious. 




 Same thing roughly but with Limp Bizkit's Rollin lol 




 I like the Dick on the hood...nice touch 




 If it is true... I feel so bad for him 




 Eh... not so much lol 




 That was my favorite part.  All this commotion going on and Ambrose is just off in his own world doing his thing moving thje table and chairs.  Then they all just look at him and he is like "What?"  That is the Ambrose that is so great. 




 I can never grow tired of watching that spinning cross body.  That is one beautiful move. 




 [This](http://www.gifsforum.com/images/gif/facepalm/grand/star-trek-picard-facepalm-eccbc87e4b5ce2fe28308fd9f2a7baf3-1381.gif) 




 It was intended to look like he threw all his weight against Taker to squish him into the steps.  It also helped explain why he was limping a bit during the match (in reality I believe he sprained his ankle earlier that day) 




 Yeah I remember hearing something about that... when done the way it was intended it works, but otherwise it just looks dumb.  And then you get moments like [this](http://i.imgur.com/QwFNEP2.gif) lol 




 What, no love for Smackdown's #1 announcer.... [Funaki!](https://whatistheexcel.com/wooobooru/_images/1bb03fc0d660984cffcd3cf4ec712778/1460%20-%20funaki%20pointing%20wwe.png) 




 Running the ropes and doing the lay down/jump over thing.  Why doesn't the person running just stop? 




 ~~Wrestlemania 32~~ Summerfest

Special guest referee... Jeff Harvey! 




 I think it was a mannequin head that he found in a box 




 Either [This](http://www.sickchirpse.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/Funniest-Wrestling-Pictures-011.jpg) or [This](http://cdn.ebaumsworld.com/thumbs/picture/54506/82998606.jpg) 




 What the heck is Kodi? 




 I've yet to watch it due to not having the El Rey network.  People rave about it so there's that 




 It's a telenovela (spanish soap opera) that happens to be about wrestling 




 Hung Parliament is BNB's pornstar alter ego 




 Sexton Hardcastle 




 The white Russian leg sweep that Sandman did with his kendo stick  




 ouch! 




 That video is clearly a lie... those guys were definitely in the front yard! 




 Vince Russo does 




 That is an awesome badass picture 




 DDT, Chokeslam, Clothesline, Powerbomb

These 4 moves have spawned so many noteworthy variations 




 "IF YA SMEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!"  and nothing beats [this moment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgJSvWTionE).  That was electrifying.... pun extremely indended. 




 Yeah he's going to change it alright... Cage matches in TNA will now be known as Rat in a Cage matches 




 [I love this idea](http://www.mccormick.com/Grill-Mates/Recipes/Main-Dishes/Jalapeno-and-Cheddar-Stuffed-Burgers) 




 [Really? Randy! JIMMY!!](http://i.imgur.com/f7sqF.gif) 




 "I really liked when he went by the name Shelton Benjamin, but I guess we can work with Uhaa" 




 Breaking News!  Ziggler injures shoulder during entrance.  Expected to be out 4-5 months. 




 The Outta Nowhere burger... it would have to be one that packed a good amount of heat that you wouldn't expect. 




 ba dum tiss 




 I liked Kevin Thorne but honestly preferred Mordecai more 




 Haha I knew someone would go there.  I was thinking of Pirate Paul, but part of me feels like Incest Paul could get over with the NXT audience too, but that would ultimately be more of a TNA thing lol 




 Kizarny or Paul Burchill 




 Jason Reso and Adam Copeland 




 So I have a sub that I created but my only mod for it was deleted.  IS there any way to access the mod controls for that sub? 




 they have a best???  who knew 




 The Punjabi Playboy "Great Khali" 




 Braden Walker! 




 Quitter McGee 




 Definitely this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zL6s-yAQ4NQ 




 Let's Light It Up! 




 Although Jerry's face is priceless, I am enjoying the look the German announcer is giving her butt lol (it's the one third from the right) 




 I have noticed in the past few weeks, that the backstage agents are getting a lot of tv time, between breaking up fights (usually the refs do this) and other moments (Joey Mercury talking to HHH about his decision last week).  Do you think there is something more to this?  I can see them turning into H's goons a-la how McMahon had Briscoe and Patterson.  Thoughts?? 




 Nothing beat when H said... "Is that a hybrid?" 




 It's because in storyline, Brie is not employed, just a fan.  So a talent or authority member hitting a fan is bad 




 I like where this is going...however it felt very awkward and rushed. 




 I know huh!  It's like they were trying to escape from each other lol 




 The 619 part is just blah for me.  I loved when he hit the West Coast Pop though, because that looked amazing 




 Any move where you can hit it out of nowhere (i.e. RKO, Bull Hammer, Superkick, WMD, etc) 




 IT was most likely in TNA.  Bully Ray vs. Ethan Carter the Third 




 technically I don't think it's too much of a wrestling move, but the kip-up is something I always loved to see.  Back when HBK would do it, or the Rock after a ddt.  The last person to use it in quite a while is Daniel Bryan, but more people should do it. 




 His dancing on the announce table last night was awesome... the reactions of JBL, Cole, and Lawler were priceless, expecially JBL 




 Zack Gowen 




 Because he is allergic to maple syrup 




 I agree...it really set him apart from everyone else, which is a good thing.  In hindsight, did it really do anything to help his standing?  No...but that's the way it goes sometimes. 




 TNA has lost any and all "prestige" they ever had after systematically ruining their product over the years. 




 Well Finlay did shove him when Reigns was in the corner, so honestly that could have "storyline" made him angry after that fight with Kane 




 Are you serious??? 




 Woo Woo Woo...you know it!

http://i1306.photobucket.com/albums/s569/Frank_Boris/zack_ryder_zpsa30c2467.png 




 I like his gimmick a lot, especially now that he is starting to show more of the heel side.  That being said, I hate his damn face so much and want to punch him in it lol, so I guess he is doing something right. 




 I always thought it stood for Damien Death Tackle, in honor of his snake Damien 




 The rope rebound clothesline that Nigel McGuiness does and Dean Ambrose's one he does in tribute always look amazing. 




 Any kind of piledriver (with the exception of Kane and Taker's Tombstone), GTS (unless Punk comes back lol) 




 It is going to be the Wyatts...it will just take some time.  The Usos deserve a long title run not only because they worked their assess off to get to this point, but because it adds legitimacy back to those titles. 




 We're a Two and a Half Man Baaaaaaaaaand!!!!!!!! 




 Which diva is going to be the next to be Santino's love interest now that Emma is gone? 




 My buddy said he saw a wrestling action figure that is wearing a black suit, has one finger pointing, and in the other hand there are contracts or papers that say WWE on them.  He has no clue who the figure is of.  Does anybody out there know who it is? 




 The idea behind it was great in my opinion.  It got some good heat on Rusev and Lana, but something was missing.  MY question is why didn't they have anybody interfere and disrupt the ceremony?  They could have had Big-E come in and lay out the "ministry officials" and cut a great promo on being American and not backing down from the Russian.  But this is just my opinion, what do you guys think? 




 Can anyone make a gif of Big E and Rusev waving their flags at each other from last night's Payback?  If not, then does anyone have the footage of this happening?  Thanks. 



















