 At that height and speed, he might as well have belly flopped on concrete. 




 They can have a 1 trillion pixel camera for all I care, the nexus 5 has an awesome camera from a hardware perspective.. Instead of making the phones bigger and the screens clearer, Google needs to fix their camera software!!

My old Sony Ericsson K810 takes better photos than every Nexus I've owned. 




 They can have a 1 trillion pixel camera for all I care, the nexus 5 has an awesome camera from a hardware perspective.. Instead of making the phones bigger and the screens clearer, Google needs to fix their camera software!!

My old Sony Ericsson K810 takes better photos than every Nexus I've owned. 




 Unfortunately Australia isn't the friendliest of countries when it comes to running a business. Taxes, and overheads are out if control, so completely understand.
 




 She was executed with a shot to the heart.. 




 Also this.. http://youtu.be/y6120QOlsfU 




 I was about 8 or 9, and it was horrible. 

I remember everyone telling me "you're still young, you'll like it when you get older".

Nope. I still don't like beer, but spirits on the other hand..

Nothing like a good 18 year old Glenfiddich on the rocks.  




 Congrats guys, the more of shops the better it is for us consumers.

A little feedback though, your juice prices are a touch expensive for flavours we can readily get from other suppliers that have B M's... 




 Does not wanting to watch ever again count? If so, Anything with Pauly Shore, especially bio-dome. 




 The 1.5mm drill bit for my dual coils and 2mm for my single coil build. 

That's all you need :) 




 That staff is such a great looking dog, thanks for the links, as pups they look really similar, I guess once it fills out you'll see the differences  




 If you went and fucked yourself that would be perfect.  




 It doesn't look too pitbull, a common problem we have here in Australia is that people register american pitbulls as Staffy's, then when they attack it gives the staff a bad name..

Either way, its a good looking pup! 




 Is that an American Staffy? 




 Which Reddit app are you using? 




 Is that like Gargamel from the smurfs? 




 Have you got pictures of the engine layout and how they look? Having 2 engines with that much power is awesome.

Being methanol, they should be running icy cold 




 This has probably been the most insightful post on Reddit so far.

I had no idea he was involved in so many shows and was so talented.

I'm definitely giving your recommendations a go, I need something new to watch! 




 Its a shame that the show was cancelled. 

I used to watch it here and there as a kid, but never really appreciated it. 

I recently 'backed up' all of the season and watched it from season 1-13, and it is brilliant. 

The show didn't dumb down like the Simpsons did, and managed to stay true to their story line.

Dale Gribble.. I wish there were more episodes devoted to him. 




 I'm 50/50 on that one, its ok, but not my cup of tea! 

At least the royalties from King of the Hill would've tied them over for a while! 




 Is it true that they based the look of Dale a lot on the voice actor that played him? 




 That's an awesome pickup! I thought it was the earlier seasons that had it and they dropped it later on 




 I never realised it was an actual track, thanks for the link 




 Mate, they've been there for a while.. Hopefully they don't remove them 




 The provari is a huge upgrade, the Nautilus is a downgrade. 

The protank has a much better vape and it's cheaper! 




  http://youtu.be/8TJ_LlGilLo 




 Yup' some champion uploaded full episodes to YouTube. Makes my days at work fly by, I tell you h'wat 




 Dale, do you think using a backhoe to open a beer can is a good idea!? 




 I have a feeling Katrina will start playing a bigger part after this 




 I know, sorry mate.

I surf Reddit via mobile 99.9% of the time and don't know how to do it from a phone 




 Streaking around the quad : http://youtu.be/BhIpPeOmCR8 




 12:39 - has me laughing every time.

It has to be my most favourite moment. 









 Here's something for you!

 http://youtu.be/5Ja64ZWv3Ck 




 Not anymore though, he's walked into Jessica's office to fess up? 




 He wore sneakers.. For sneaking! 




 They needed more Dale Gribble centric episodes. He was hilarious.

Shi Sha!! 




 I'm watching Season 3 and it was the Angel episode.. Shit episode.

Never a fan of Buckley, glad they dropped that character. 




 Depends on your country.. Lion Heart was released as Wrong Bet as well. 




 You want me to break my leg?? 




 Kickboxer is also one of those gifs.. 2 best movies of all time.

Kickboxer and Bloodsport. 




 For some reason I find the period panties less disturbing than panties with the weird goop you guys discharge randomly all month long. 




 Mate god knows what they were thinking with the UC Torana, it was an after thought of a car to bring in the VB commodore. 

My first car was a 5.0L VL Calais.. 

Memories. 




 All credit to the XA and XB for ride and comfort, I don't mind the front end, it's more the rounded back that I wasn't too big of a fan of.

My most hated car of that Era when it comes to Holden and Ford would still be the UC Torana.. and I'm a Holden boy.

You're lucky to be still holding onto one, they're hard to find these days, or priced so high they are out of reach! 




 Someone messed up and spelt Cassandra wrong. 




 Scrappy fucken Doo

'Let me at him, let me at him' fuck off already! 




 Rolf Harris!? Maybe he was upset you didn't put out for him? 

You were 13 right? 




 Never liked the XA or XB shape, but for its age it is brilliant.

XY shape was a lot nicer for me, but not as nice as an old A9X SS :) 




 Yeah, nah.. I'm not claiming I'm a foreigner if I am proven wrong.

I'm not in the US, I am in Aus, this nobody, is just that.. a nobody here.

Maybe the title should be 'US only famous rapper', or 'famous rapper to 16 year olds'.. 

Famous rappers would be, Dre, Ice Cube, Eminem, Eazy-E, Snoop insert animal, 2Pac, etc..   




 Nope.. Well not to me anyways buddy.

It had me scratching my head on what you were rambling on about, so at least you win that prize! 




 Haha I get it now!!! You hijacked someone else's post and now its yours!

Well done buddy, hope she works out well for you and you get to claim the points when they come along.

At least it wasn't a gonrwild post, you might've had some explaining to do  




 So you're not Lisaslover? Dude, you have me scratching my head on what's going on. 

Its making me laugh trying to figure out your little saga. 




 Are you arguing with yourself? Im confused on what's going on here  




 Sometimes it makes you wonder if the $200 price tag for the Nemesis is actually justified.. I have a clone that set me back $20 or so from fasttech.. 3 months and kicking strong. 









 I honestly dont get it. 

I have a son and am no longer with my wife, when I see my son and am with him, everything else in the world is non existent, its just him.

When I'm not with him all I think about is him and hoping he's smiling and playing. 

There is no chance on this earth that I would ever chose anyone over him or his love. 

All I hope and wish for is that one day he says 'I want to live with dad'.. My life would be complete.
 




 Mr Vain only came out like 10 years ago ... Damn. 




 I sighed when I read this.. The sigh of understanding.

Same boat as you.. It sucks either way.. With them and the life without them.

Sigh. 




 Did you? 




 I rather this than hearing about dogs being pitted against each other  




 I'm guessing you have quite an old / early built house.. 




 Coming from a person that doesn't even like cats, I even knew which gif it was going to be. 

After a while Reddit becomes a giant repost. 




 I'm guessing you're referring more to when you have a bloody nose? 

If so, I believe this has to do with the majority of taste being attributed to smell, and with the blood already in your nasal passages this would increase the strength of the taste vastly. 




 www.nicvape.com

This will last you ages

http://www.nicvape.com/store/p/45-125-ml-of-100-mg-ml.aspx

Let me know how big your juice bottle is and the mg you're after, I can help you out with the mix you need 




 Its a bit shitty looking, but its not really a bad tattoo.. 




 Is that another satirical sub? I'm just not sure anymore.. 




 Not sure if you're being sarcastic or honest.. 

If this was Australia and they decked out in all Australian flag gear, the only the thing they won't be getting is laid.

I admire the American patriotism. 




 Thank you. All I saw was a blurry photo of nuts and chips. 




 In the later seasons I would definitely agree, once she straightened her hair etc, she looked awesome, but early on in the series, not really my cup of tea 




 I'm going out on a limb here, the Elaine in this case seems a little prettier to me 




 I work for a large company, one that FORCED everyone to only use Blackberry.. Now with the move to Outlook for an email client they doors are open to any phone.

Samsung and Apple.. There is not one blackberry in sight. 




 Fuck you OP, I've watched this about a thousand times and almost know it word for word!

This has to become the new SMS tone. 




 On my android - Reddit is Fun 




 Thanks OP, finally a post in /r/WTF actually made me say.. WTF! 




 Spearmint goes awesome with my coffee.. Its kind of like having a mint slice biscuit..  




 Watermelon, Rock Melon, Honeydew Melon, all these melons are awesome.

Mango is another that I could easily devour half the tree. 




 Yeah, I can see your point, and you get to see his highlights..  




 Really? Why? 

I'm honestly intrigued on why international folk like this guy so much? 




 You're not alone mate, I'm sure 90% of us have. 




 Your cotton might be too thick , also as above the ohms might be too low, I have mine at 1.2 and its awesome. 




 Why would they do that!, of course it would.. 

I guess this is why you pay what you do for a clone.. 




 You're right. No one ever WANTS to watch season one, you have to. 

As much as I love Seinfeld, I only watch seasons 3 and above 




 Damn!! Everything about the panzer I'll hate except for the  button.

Thanks for the feedback 




 Thanks mate, what do you mean by painted threads?? 




 Bingo dude, get the aerotank. When you're back on home soil you can start start the coil process. 




 Mate you've gone that far, the Nautilus will let you down on what is an awesome setup.

Bite the bullet and get the Kayfun lite clone they have and get coiling.

You will then have my exact setup and you'll never look back.

I'll come off as the most negative person for stating this about 30 times in this subreddit, the Nautilus is RUBBISH. 




 What's the Panzer like? I have a nemesis but thinking of trying the panzer out.  (Clone) 




 When I was using the protank or just a standard evod, I always vaped a doubler as the flavour was quite muted.

When I went kayfun and cotton, the doubler was VERY overpowering.

Now I vape a errr one.fivebler.. I leave 3/4's of the doubler and VG the rest.. I like getting a good flavour smack.

This also depends on the flavour. 




 Yep.. Hop onboard buddy..

Unfortunately, 3/4's of the AMA's are the same deal..

"I was that extra, in the background on a show that no one watched.. AMA!" 




 You didn't read what I wrote, you pretty much just jumped the gun.

I have no issue with you replacing smoking with vaping IF you actually smoked.

My dilemma is having teens that have never smoked actual cigarettes picking up vaping, just to have them blow clouds in a bus or a train thinking everyone is looking at them in a positive way "they all think I'm cool".

I was a teen once, and this would've been my mentality, same mentality I had that got me smoking.. 

 




 To be honest, we only know about who is what in the US via commercial radio in Aus, this guys hasn't made it here yet.

Sorry about Guy Sebastian though, you can keep him.. 




 He is one of the best, he's hilarious to listen to as well.

 




 Thats not the issue, I started smoking at 14, and would've loved for someone to switch me off them.

It's teens that NEVER smoked, but pick them up solely to cloud chase.  




 Dude, we know what you're trying to say, but your logic is flawed.

We aren't taking stabs at you, and me calling you ignorant is probably a fair comment, look up what the true definition of ignorant means. 




 he might be more of a US thing...  




 you are ignorant and making yourself look even dumber with every post. 




 I got my hands on a fresh batch of Banana Custard from Steam e-cigs on Saturday, and boy am I glad I did.

It is the usual 50/50 mix that they dish up, although I purchase doublers and mix the rest with only VG.

Even with the VG content being so high, the flavour is rich and full, definitely a single shot type juice and no need for a stronger flavour mix.

Taste - This is one of those rare juices that you can 100% put your finger on and call it as soon as you taste it, it tastes exactly like Banana Yogo!.

It doesn't have that chemical candy Banana taste, it literally tastes like Banana Yogo / Custard.

I have been vaping crazy on this juice and definitely will be keeping it as a part of my all day vape collection.

They have modified their 'Sins of Vanilla' from a pure vanilla juice, to more of a pastry vanilla, but not quite sold on this yet.. the team have advised that there is a custard in the works, so I'll hold tight till then.

 




 Guys what am I doing wrong?

My 18490 in my Zmax is making plumes of fog from the Kayfun, where the Nemesis seems weak and no where near as powerful..

I'm on a 1.8ohm coil and running on 9w on the Zmax

What's going on here!?

Edit: thanks to all that helped! I made a 1ohm coil (single), it now hits like a truck and the flavour is on another level!!

On a negative note, I've now threaded the screw on the kayfun block.. FFS.. I can't win. 









 Hoping I can get an opinion or review from an owner in here.

What's the size like?
Durability?

Etc.. 




 I'm sure there's a few owners on here..

+How did you start?

+How does supply work from manufacturers? (As in do you pay upfront etc)

+what's business like?

I'm happy for a PM if you don't want to publicly post..

I'm interested in opening up a store down under as its a market I can see exploding soon, and there is hardly any stores here at all. 









