 Good point, but technically he would still have Stark blood in him. 




 Yes but he was legitimized as a Stark, which makes him the heir to Winterfell. If anything I think that it would become voided if it were ever to come to light that he was actually Rheagar's son.  




 Start using the tape deck hookup and then come talk to me.  




 I have seen a lot of talk on this subreddit about the R+L=J theory. Some people think that this would make him heir to the Iron Throne. Correct me if I'm wrong, but wouldn't he still be a bastard but only with a different father? He still would not have any better claim to the throne then he does now. I could be completely wrong here so if I am will somebody please explain what the significance of this theory is? 




 Yeah, I just watched it last night. Thought it was a pretty good movie.  









 Just because one person says Fringe is bad, doesn't make it a bad TV show.  




 I can't believe I missed this. What pages? 




 I am paraphrasing, but I think he says "and her honeys all mine"

EDIT: Dammit. Late to the party 




 link? 




 I think you have to be lying face down. 




 Nope, but I am just speculating here anyways. The new WiiU controller would be more useful than Kinect functionality for ME3   




 This is directly from Nintendo conference 




 Second image to the left of EA sign. Wonder how they would use new controller.

EDIT: this image is from Nintendo conference.  









 Title: House Stark
Shield: Stark

 




 I think that is only because you never got a PoV chapter from her until AFFC. 




 Fuck you Jamie Lannister 




 You are so right in stating that the above gentleman is correct.  




 I am laughing just thinking about this, and what my probable reaction to this would be.  




 People to stand close to me at grocery stores while I am shopping.  




 Honesty is almost a negative trait right now in the current job market. 




 I cannot even being to describe how hard that made me laugh.... 




 At least he can re-watch all of his favorite TV shows. The question is...how does he know which one's were his favorite? 




 I really wish I didn't read as fast as I did. Now that I am finished with all four books I can't sop thinking about A Dance with Dragons!!! 




 Was just about to post this until I saw yours.  




 All of these characters have much bigger roles in books 2 and 3, so I would imagine that they will also get more screen time as well.  




 Should've bought from KMart. They had a really good deal on L.A. Noire. 




 Well, has she drank from a garden hose and survived? 




 Cleveland is actually not that bad. I live/work here and have no problem with this city.  




 unless you have a Wii... 




  I cast Lvl. 3 Eroticism. You turn into a real beautiful woman. 




 "In summary, laboratory tests and driving studies show that cannabis may acutely impair several driving-related skills in a dose-related fashion, but that the effects between individuals vary more than they do with alcohol because of tolerance, differences in smoking technique, and different absorptions of THC." 




 That's my text ringtone *LISTEN* 




 Overall average for WI according to your link. In Ohio, starting wage is $33,671 and averages is $50,314. Regardless, I would have to agree that $38,284 is a very low average salary in WI.

source: http://teacherportal.com/salary/Ohio-teacher-salary 




 Honestly though...it's a user review for a videogame. I could log on right now and give it a 0/10 just for spite. I would care more if we were talking about a Critic Review.  




 We are talking about starting wages. A teacher with tenure will end up making much more than $35,000. I would be more concerned about losing benefits, because I would say that is one of the stronger benefits that teachers get once hired.  




 True, but that is the same boat every kid is in when getting out of college. Even $30,000 is a very livable wage. I am not saying I agree with what is going on, but I don't think teachers are underpaid.  




 In Ohio, starting wage for a teacher is about $35,000. Take from that what you will, but after becoming tenured teachers can start to earn a very nice wage.  




 If this is from Youngstown State University I wouldn't be suprised if people just don't show up and email the professor after the exam. 




 Enslaved: Odyssey to the West  




 Everyone has the right of police protection. What RP is saying is that one person will end up paying for their education while another doesn't have to pay a dime. Same goes for healthcare.  




 I think a lot of people here are taking that quote out of context. He is talking about college, not kindergarten. 
A better quote is this:
"Prices go up on the tuition and then we give them grants and then they get out of the college and they owe $200,000. It makes no sense whatsoever. I don't think how anybody can justify it."  




 Agreed.  




 I disagree with this. I think you overestimate the value of our technological advantage. We are an occupying force in Iraq, where someone can bomb a humvee and then go run over to a mosque and hide. Precision air strikes are basically pointless. Both sides are still shooting bullets at each other.  




