 Have used Textra since a few days after getting my phone; haven't seen any drain issues from it...? 




 For $18,000 should you steer clear of a salvage vehicle?  Uh, yes. 




 Everyone falls off the wagon.  We get sick, we get hurt, we get tired of eating healthy, tired of working out.  That's natural when you're making a life change.  Humans are resistant to change.  It's in our nature.  But you can get past it - heck, you've already lost 20 lbs.  Most people don't get that far.  Just keep your chin up and keep your goal in sight.  It may take some time - believe me, I know.  But you can do it.  We all know you can.

http://i.imgur.com/t7T5R5t.jpg 




 Turned into this as the night went on...

http://www.democraticunderground.com/10025434750
 




 Was up there a few weekends ago.  Went to Matchbox (deep fried garlic cheese bread?  Yes please!) for dinner, stayed for the protest in front of the Verizon Center.

http://imgur.com/hdSyJUp 




 If I toss my phone in a baggie (walking with threat of rain) this happens to me as well. 




 Bigger corner, more material = greater energy absorption, or same energy taking longer to be absorbed, so yes, drop protection.  It's called physics.  The more you know... 




 Manual, grinding when shifting. 




 This is the battery you take with you camping for the weekend, hiking, long flights with movies....when you're going to be away from a charger for a long time.  It's not something for daily pocket use. 




 Drop protection.  Next question? 




 Another vote for 3D Maxpider... 




 So how do you like living in your new tiny house?

http://i.imgur.com/qPM524J.jpg

http://www.fyi.tv/shows/tiny-house-nation/videos/touring-the-perfect-prairie-cottage 




 According to the Anandtech review, they do not.  Also, given how much noise Motorola is making about their support, the fact that LG says nothing about it is pretty telling.

http://www.anandtech.com/show/8169/the-lg-g3-review/3

"However, this can be explained by the change to charging protocol, as it seems that the G3 doesn't support Qualcomm's Quick Charge technology. Instead, signalling is done over BC 1.2. As we'll see later in the article, this is due to the charger chip used."

"It's also a bit interesting to see that a TI BQ24296 charger chip is used instead of a Qualcomm solution, which means that the Quick Charge protocol isn't supported. It seems that signalling is done via BC 1.2." 




 I've been there.  I've also stood on the elevator.  My boss said I did not become invisible.  I was dissapoint.  (I do some work with BAE out of Glascoed) 




 Some say he only eats cheese from Luna and that on weekends, you can find him trying to do the Kessel run in under 12 parsecs.  All we know is, he's called Space Stig.

http://i.imgur.com/fxzDuzT.jpg 




 So I guess the Mistral Coast is a swanky place to live these days. 




 It's not worth $30K; that's what you paid for it.  There's a huge difference.  KBB says a 2013 BRZ with 10,000 miles is worth, in excellent condition, for a private party sale, up to $21,999.  When you're right on top of 50% value in damage/repair costs, that's when they tend to total...For your sake, I hope they don't. 




 Been referred to as nannies at least 10 years now (first I heard the term was in my GTO group in 2004 - when I was new to RWD cars). 




 If the quote is that high for repair, insurance may total it.  Hope you bought GAP insurance because you may otherwise find yourself without a car. 




 Your female picture is my ex from 2010-2012.  Disturbing. 




 Me too.  Had the best FR-S rate for me of several companies.  I have 2 cars with them.  GEICO is Gov Employee Insurance Co. so keep that in mind if you're a fed. 




 So take 35% off your gross and you'll have a decent estimate of your take home.  At $40k you're bringing home about $2200 a month. 




 I'm still trying to decide if I want to buy winter tires or not.  There was only a total of about a week this past winter where roads were bad and on those days our offices were closed w/telework.  Thinking I might just get some decent all seasons and take advantage of the closures or worst case have my g/f drop me off.  Already have 3D matrix floormats.  Planning on picking up some Rally Armor UR mudflaps as well. 




 I clicked on the "load more comments" hoping against hope this would be hiding there., You delivered.  Good show, old chap. 




 Here's the thread where Grimmspeed talks about how they designed their intake and how all the other intakes out there at the time:

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=50492 




 Depends on the CAI.  Grimmspeed did exhaustive testing, showed what works and what doesn't. Documented here and in threads linked from here:

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=50492 




 Any tune can potentially void your warranty but in the US you're protected by the Magnusson-Moss Warranty Act, which puts the burden of proof that your mods caused a problem on the car manufacturer.  You do have to be willing to fight though, because they'll always look for the easy way out. 




 Finally, someone else who understands! 




 If you have ready access to E85 use that instead of the Crawford BPBs. 




 No, OFT is fully removable and doesn't leave any flags behind like ECUTek. 




 You should start the lugnuts by hand using the socket before attaching it to the wrench.  It sounds like you might've cross-threaded the lugnuts especially how you described the nut getting stuck.

Also, never use a torque wrench to remove things, no matter what mode you have it set to.  That's what breaker bars are for, and they're cheap. 




 That's cute, dear.  I've been on the Internet for 25 years, since my dad brought home a 1200 baud modem from work.  I'm used to it.

Performance modifications are not now, nor have they ever been, rice.  Jackass arguing with me has a problem with me removing weight from my vehicle for some reason.  Weight reduction can be both the cheapest and also most expensive ways to increase performance.  That I make my car to suit me and don't intend to race it doesn't make it rice.  It just means I'm not interested in racing my car.

The definition of tchotchke is "a small object that is decorative rather than strictly functional; a trinket.".  My statement was not an insult, it was a statement of fact.  "Blew" is a colloquialism for "spent" as you must be well aware.  I can even use it in a sentence: "OP blew all his money on tchotchkes".  Translation: "OP spent all his money on decorative items".  See how that works?

You may believe the way I phrased it was insulting, but that's just jumping to conclusions without thinking about the meaning of what I wrote.  Telling me I have no friends, drive a rice car and will get tickets is nothing BUT insulting, as there is no factual basis for any of those statements. 




 If you're buying it from a US carrier, there still hasn't been a single update.  But all the US versions can be rooted so that helps for optimization. 




 Yes, it blinks.  Does it even in a base FR-S. 




 What part of THE BACKSEAT IS SMALL AND I DON'T USE IT AND IT'S MY CAR don't you f'ing get??????? 




 Where have you found to mount one of these in an 86?  I tried it, but found it very unstable.  Certainly not the performance I was looking for in something that cost $30. 




 Moving magnetic fields are how things get screwed up.  There are tons of magnets around you every day and your credit cards and phone don't get wiped out.  High voltage lines generate huge magnetic fields and they don't kill your car when you drive under them.  I've been using a magnet mount with an iPhone 5S and now an LG G3 in my FRS for 5 months now, without any issues whatsoever.  They do test these things, you know.  Also, yes, I'm fully qualified to make the statements herein as I am a degreed electrical engineer. 




 Salesmen, even if they're your best friend, are still salesmen.  They have their soul extracted when they're hired, along with their sense of decency.  I have personally witnessed this with "friends" twice in the last few years.  They stop being people.  I wouldn't trust a car salesperson any further than I can throw one.  :D 




 Do you REEEEEEAAAALLLLY think that all of these are automatics?

http://i.imgur.com/V6LA9ti.jpg

Hint: no.

Where'd I get the pick?  FT86club.  Port in Japan packing these suckers out a couple of weeks ago.  http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showpost.php?p=1914420 postcount=477 




 I'm going to offer up a different mount solution, more available (Staples carries them, so do some Walmarts, but always Staples) and less expensive, and finally, easier to install:

http://www.scosche.com/magicmount

I have one permanently mounted right next to the radio on the passenger side (fully on the radio surround - it's about 1/4" wider than the sticky base, fits perfectly) and a second removable suction cup one that I use on travel and also with my OpenFlash Tuner. 




 You've obviously never read @Anthony's weight loss thread on ft86club if you think this is someone going nuts.

You're quite the rude little shit behind a keyboard, aren't you?

And no, weight reduction is not rice, no matter what you may think.  Weight reduction leads to reduced wear and tear, improved performance and improved fuel mileage.  None of those are a bad thing.  Spending $400 on purely cosmetic items, on the other hand, is pretty much the textbook definition of rice. 




 Are you kidding me with this nonsense?  Even without a muffler, the car is below limits.  My stock CBR1000RR motorcycle is louder.

Many cars come without spares.  Our Hyundai Sonata, for example, came with a flat repair kit.  So does the Porsche Boxster, Cayman, Corvette, Chevrolet SS...I carry a 2 lb flat repair kit I chose based on Amazon reviews, and roadside assistance coverage, which comes with the car if you weren't aware.  http://www.scion.com/promotions/serviceboost/

Also, do you really think someone you force to ride in the backseat of your FRS will still be your friend once they get out of the car?  I would never put an adult back there.  We have other vehicles when we  want people to ride places with us.  The rest of the time. the blonde in my  passenger seat is the only "friend" I need.

I don't autoX so if that's what you'd rather spend your money on, more power to  you, but don't insult my choices just because they're different than your own. 




 That may be true for you but other people use their cars for different purposes, and no one will ever sit in my back seat, so why not save the weight?  Also, the delete kit still provides separation from the trunk.  It's not just removal of the seat and that's it.  There are carpeted panels to make it look nice.  And Seibon has a CF delete that looks really sharp if you have a few grand burning a hole in your pocket.

Muffler delete, 25 lbs, lithium battery, 26 lbs, spare tire and tools, 25 lbs, rear seat delete, 27 lbs IIRC...Things begin to add up pretty quick.

Lightweight flywheel, 10-12 lbs, AL or CF driveshaft, 12 lbs, wheels, lightest I've seen will lose about 6 lbs of rotating mass per wheel, crank pulley, 4 lbs (apparently not good if you have done a flywheel), brakes 5 lbs per corner.   




 http://www.rearseatdelete.com/FRS-BRZ.html

This company has made them for various vehicles for years.  Plastic, covered in carpet, with sound deadening.  $380 shipped in the US. 




 OFT can also be used by a tuner to generate a custom tune.  Same process as ecutek. 




 Ok so I searched Japanparts.com and found everything except the STi logo thing.  Works out to about $400 before shipping.  Start button, $137.  Oil filter, $30.  Key cover, $43.  Battery hold down, $80.  Oil cap, $83. Radiator cap, $40.

So basically, OP could've bought an OpenFlash Tuner, an intake, a lightweight battery, a rear seat delete, i.e. something that would increase performance, for the amount of money he blew on these little tchotchkies.   




 Flying back to DC in the morning...looking for something to pass the time in the evening.  Thanks!

Flying Thursday morning that is. 




 You used a PAPER TOWEL on your paint???  Are you mad!?  I'll bet you rubbed in a circle too.  Oh, the huge manatee!  Never, never use paper towel.  You, without realizing it, have scratched the absolute shit out of that spot on your ride now.

Also, it's "rest assured".  And "ffffuuuuuuuuu..."  And "who could HAVE done it..." :D 




 So this is what it's come to.  Db is the new Rickroll. 




 Didn't have a floppy drive?  Are you 5?  Isn't Titanfall rated PEGI-16 or "M for Mature" or something?  Where are your parents??  Or, is it just that your first "computer" was an Xbox? :D

Very concerned now given your posting history...

Or, is it just that you don't realize 3.5" diskettes were also colloquially referred to as floppies also? 




 OpenFlash is $645 or $535 if you already have the OFT...But they also tend to have a long wait.  I'd do whichever you can find in stock.

Personally though, EL all the way for me. 




 Wondering the same.  I caught a bunch of hell for making a similar comment in a past thread.  Personally...not a fan of unicorns, ponies...Don't know WTF this has to do with our community. 




 Good work.  Sleep well.  I'll most likely kill you in the morning. 




 Oh, cool, never even heard of Jackson Racing.  However, I looked both up on the CARB site and neither are ok (yet) for 2015 vehicles, so something to keep in mind. 




 OP is not in a CARB area - he posted a thread about Wawa gas.  They aren't in CA.  Also, I believe Innovate is the only kit out there that has a CARB option.  Finally, turbos affect mileage as well.  It's not free horsepower.  Common misconception. 




 ...IF E85 is available nearby.  For me it's over 100 mi to the nearest station. 




 I have a torn meniscus and arthritis in my left knee but I purchased the manual.  This is my first manual.  Passed 4000 miles over the weekend, 17 weeks in.  Driven in DC traffic quite a bit and my knee doesn't bother me.  I'd say the clutch is light but it is only holding 160ish lb-ft of torque.  Haven't wintered in it but plenty of Canadians over on ft86club that have...just need proper winter tires.  A car like this, I'd buy new.  They're likely to be modded, being a niche/enthusiast vehicle.  I'm actually leasing mine but that's because, on average, I don't keep vehicles longer than a year or two. 




 Erm...he says the deal breaker is the concern of someone reading his password as he enters it...I guess I don't understand that issue.  My password only shows up as dots and my entry keypad is randomized (obviously a randomized entry screen wouldn't work for,a,blind person without a haptic screen).  But honestly, we're worried about reading a password over a shoulder?  Really?  Is it only one character?  I can't believe this is a thing... 




 https://www.subarugenuineparts.com/index.php

Everyone on ft86club.com prefers this joint.  Interior parts for the Scion and Subaru are largely the same. 




 Yes, installed, super laggy, removed. 




 I think OP was talking about the relocator that mounts in the front tow hook location, not just the $2 plastic frame. 




 Man it absolutely drives me nuts that the phone is commanded to play music on connection.  There should be a way to disable that.  Either in the headunit or in my phone, but there's not.  My girlfriend's Hyundai doesn't do it. 




 Hey you're featured on Driveway Labs' Facebook page awesome :) 




 Welcome.  Treat her with respect and she'll do the same. 




 The SR-71 display at Pima Air and Space Museum in Tucson AZ is much more impressive than in DC.  You ca touch the plane, it has an interactive display, you can get much closer...DC is fine for commercial aviation but for military Pima blows it away.  I'm lucky enough to live near DC and travel frequently to Tucson for work. 




 Already have an OFT? 




 Which Fumoto did you go with?  Nipple, no nipple or short nipple w/ plastic insert?  After my free maintenance is over I'm planning on a Stahlbus as I have one on my bike. 




 I am.  My first shift knob being this is my first manual car.  Wish I didn't have to wait a month though.  In that time I'll probably get a set of winter wheels and tires ordered up. 




 I understand except that you're talking about a mechanical system.  It can't rotate at whatever RPM it wants.  At 40 MPH the engine is going a certain speed, the torque converter is going a ratio of that speed, the transmission input and output shafts are going at their ratio speeds, the driveshaft, differential, axles, wheels... It's not magic.  The link I posted in my response this morning has the graphs.  Also at WOT the torque converter is not locked up so it's not as efficient as a manual clutch at transferring energy from the engine to the wheels. 




 No, I understood you were talking a specific speed range.  In an MT 40 - 60 MPH can be accomplished without shifting.  I can't see how an auto would be faster as it would be operating at lower revs at 40 so would not be making as much power?  This is assuming both cars start in 2nd gear. 




 Anarchy Motive Mammoth shift knob in rough red from the FT86club groupbuy that ended yesterday.  Will be about a month though as they're being made in a single batch.

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=71435 




 Proof?  Or is that just like, your opinion, man?

Stock redline, may be so.  Once tuned, not even close.  OpenFlash Tablet, for example, raises redline to 7600 so it's only a single shift to 60 in the manual.  Stock, 60 is right at redline.

http://www.dragtimes.com/2013-Scion-FR-S-gear-ratios-top-speed-47.html 




 The 86 is my first manual vehicle.  It was the first manual vehicle I've ever even driven.  The first time I drove it was after I signed the papers.  (I'd driven the auto of course but not the manual).

I drive it in DC.  The clutch is pretty light.  I have a messed up left knee and sometimes it causes me pain after driving for long periods of time in traffic but it's worth it, honestly.

Also, the auto's rearend is geared up from the manual (numerically lower) - it'll get better gas mileage but it will always be slower. 




 Amazon 




 Looks good.

Question though, why does your bumper seem so much darker than your hood? 




 I have the 3D Maxpider Kagu floormats.  Similar to the WTs but a (as I understand it) thicker material (helps keep that stepping on plastic tap tap tap sound down) and they were also significantly cheaper ($40 when I got them a few months ago).

Pic from my build thread: http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v698/train_subject5569/FRS/IMG_4014_zps5cba4f43.jpg 




 Also 6' and no problems.  Girth will be a bigger problem than height.  If you're much over a 38" waist you may feel constricted too much by the shape of the seat. 














 Life, uh, finds a way.  You two are evidence of that.  Congrats on the wedding! 




 I've not encountered any sibling rivalry amongst my fellow Twin owners.  Pretty stupid given it's springs and a bumper that make the difference. 




 There are tons of Canadians on FT86Club who DD their vehicles through the winter.  They often talk about Nokian Hakkapapaletta (spelling...I could never spell the Greenland volcano correctly either) tires and/or Michelin XIce2 (3's are often stated as not as good).  Also, weight in the trunk - toolboxes with a sandbag each over each rear wheel for example. 




 OP asked about an intake and an exhaust.  My statement was a list of intake and exhaust parts.

Neither an OFT nor an OFH are an intake.  Even the OFT folks recommend replacing the intake pipe.  Also, OP said he was on a tight budget.  $300 (pipe, filter, muffler delete) vs. $1K is a pretty huge difference.  And that $300 will change the character of the car significantly.

I'm not saying that OFT+OFH isn't worth it - they absolutely are.  However, I was trying to keep my recommendation as low in $ as possible while answering both parts of the OP's question.

Also, not everyone has access to E85.  Where I lived in California and where I now live in Maryland, there is not a single E85 station within an hour's drive.  Kinda hard to use it when it takes a third of a tank or more just to go get it. 




 If you insist...

http://www.nigel-jdmparts.com/toyota-86-frameless-mirror

http://www.ft86speedfactory.com/high-output-drl-fog-light-bezels-frs-1683.html 




 Any reason why the mirror costs more than new and the LED DRLs are same price as new? 




 Ah, not so.  They can do one other thing - reduce weight.  Or gain it. But a single Berk track pipe like I run knocks 25lbs off the rear end. 




 Biggest gains at lowest price are simple: Silicone MAF pipe (Mishimoto, Perrin, Supertek....), panel filter (Perrin, aFe, K N...) and a single exhaust muffler delete track pipe (Berk, Nameless...).  And then as others have suggested go grab an Open Flash Tablet as well. 




 You're correct.  Multiple references on ft86club.

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showpost.php?p=1015117 postcount=51 




 I responded.  Need to bump this every now and again.  I'm new since the last time. 




 Must be where you live as they are not at all hard to come by here in MD.  Local dealer had three of them sitting on the lot at the same time, and a leftover 10 Series.  I see them on the road quite often. 




 Dude, this is 2014.  It's easy to measure - they do it by sending a laser across the road and seeing how your emissions "cloud" affects the received energy.  A few quick links...this has been around a while.  And it's not just in CA, but typically CA and NY are the most strict with this sort of thing.

http://www.smogtips.com/remote_sensing.cfm

http://www.talonclub.com/forum/showthread.php?12292-Roadside-Sniffer-may-be-hosed s=85769418533926c1a46ed2a0eafada48

http://articles.latimes.com/1996-12-07/local/me-6547_1_remote-sensors 




 California lives by very strict rules.  They will not allow you to move the cat at all.  Not by a micron.  And, within the first 50000 miles the cat if damaged has to be replaced by an identical OE part.  Also, at least in Southern California, they actually have roadside sniffers.  So yes, you don't need a smog check for the first six years of a brand new car's life, but if you get caught doing something naughty by a sniffer, well, ouch. 




 I have a tire repair kit/inflator and a toolbox with a Shorai lithium battery charger and TCW3 2T Oil (with which I was trying to quell the crickets).  Both are velcro'd in place with industrial velcro inside the spare tire area (spare and tools were removed).

P.S. The hard side of velcro sticks to the trunk liner so if you have small things in your trunk just attach a little square and it'll stay put (adheres well enough to hang from the trunk lid liner on the BRZ in fact - I added the kit to my FR-S). 




 That's not even possible since the stock exhaust manifold has a cat in it. 




 DO NOT BUY AN EXTENDED WARRANTY.  If you're financing, try to get a preapproval from your own lender.  Terms could be much better. 




 Negative. 




 I had a brand new 2004 GTO at age 24 in 2004.  A degree, a not-overpriced education and a decent job do wonders.  Now I just bought two new cars in April, one for me and one for my girlfriend.  And I have a motorcycle.  And a house.  And I make more than double what I did back then.  Being good at something has its perks. 




 How about a 180?  LOL 




 I use Tasker and Secure Settings based on either connection to either of my home wifi networks or connection to either of our two cars' Bluetooths.  Tutorial to set it up on Youtube, piece of cake.  Believe it's Tasker 101 Lesson 16A. 




 This is how phones usually come.  It's marketing - when you turn on the camera app for the first time and it doesn't fill the whole screen, you might think something is wrong / be less impressed.  So they set the widescreen resolution by default. 




 Seriously????  Do you even Internet?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JR3N9aHIKCc

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-lLz9wTRc8 




 Just got a promotional e-mail from GreenManGaming.com.  Season pass for the PC is $5 with coupon code 3XKE26-CK4R1G-JZY8M6 until 4PM UTC Monday, 17 March 2014.  AND they have either $2 cash back or $4 GMG bucks after purchase for later use.  So an even better deal.  Link direct to the season pass:

http://www.greenmangaming.com/s/us/en/pc/games/shooter/titanfall-season-pass-na/?emst=gpqdg5iEiz_251520_379058_515 




