 I take it you don't eat junk food then.  




 Black holes are the buttholes of the universe.  




 Don't rape the messenger 




 Lies! OP said 2 cute girls. I only see 1 




 Left over chicken soup + pizza. Reddit,you failed me.  




 Destiny. One of the most boring games I've played.  




 This deserves more up votes 




 When they were your age the economy was stronger and the cost of living was lower.  




 Areola grande 









 While I agree that you get what you pay for (your example of the $50 dollar dj), I don't see the reason for the vinyl supremacy.  

It doesn't matter what medium you store your music on, there are talented djs in all facets.  




 Biscuit in the US is basically a baked roll of bread.  




 Dildo blades 




 So did you fry it or bake it?  




 $98.50 daily for me. Living in Orange County CA. Lol! It's damn expensive here. 




 See the link for more info :)

http://www.ssa.gov/survivorplan/survivors.htm 




 It depends on your diet but if you're on a ketogenic diet,  I find that hunger is not a huge issue. 

The ketogenic diet trades out your dependency on carbs and forces your body to use fats for energy.  I eat foods high in fat and stay away from carbs. I find that hunger strikes less often and I can go longer between meals.  




 Social worker here. You and your siblings may be entitled to survivor's benefits from the government. It should be a few hundred dollars a month for each person. Get in contact with your local social services agency.  I'm sorry for your loss.

EDIT: posting link for survivors benefits site. 

 http://www.ssa.gov/survivorplan/survivors.htm 




 I AM that guy so I always end up censoring my interesting fact and go with something more mundane,  like hiking ( which I don't actually do). 




 I just wash my ass after shits. 




 Did OP just watch human centipede recently? Or more shocking, OP is researching to see if s/he can make a human centipede. 




 I assume you're talking about your computer not WIRELESSLY connecting to your router. I'm going to state the obvious, but have you checked to see that you didn't accidentally turn off the WiFi on your laptop? 

If that's not the case then I suggest connecting the computer directly to your router using the LAN cable (in order to access the internet) and downloading the wireless driver from the hp website and try reinstalling it. 




 You never go full retard. 




 Headphones, my friend. 




 Not just yours, but everyone's. Have you read the book Sperm Wars? 




 Every pack is a family pack if you put it on wrong. 




 My small penis 




 It had to be said lol 




 Liege waffle is king! Other than that, I prefer a triple stack of pancakes, of which I will eat 1/12 of it and discard. 




 People who love Apple 




 People who poop on me while I'm eating. 




 Green glowing antifreeze 




 Sorry, I should have elaborated. I work at a fed agency. I clicked a link on reddit and it logged it into my system as porn. Which it was not btw :( 




 I'm just guessing but I think it has to do with your saliva breaking down the structural bonds of the gum. 




 Agree, I just got done reading about black holes and quantum physics.  




 Well at least you're spending that quality time with your father that you've always been missing. 




 Communication is key. I just come to an agreement that works for both parties. It's nice to talk to each other sometimes. 




 When I was old enough to realize that the teachings I was receiving in bible class were hard to believe. Upon questioning them I was only given circular arguments which basically boiled down to, "we are adults and we know more than you, so listen to us."

In my middle school years I learned more about history. I learned about how past civilizations had gods for things in nature that they didn't understand and couldn't explain (Roman god of the sun, etc.) We look back on it now and think they were silly for having a god if the sun or god of the sea, yet we (organized religion) have a god that created the universe, since we can't explain that (yet).

 




 Well, anything that breaks the ice, leading to conversation is always a good start.

I wouldn't say it was the most effective way to pick up girls; that's entirely up to how well the resulting conversation goes combined with her actual interest in you.

They were a good ice breaker is what you meant. 




 Gotcha :) 




 The article states that he was not in the same town at the time she claimed the rape occurred. She blatantly told a lie.  




 If it's already been proven that he is not guilty then why isn't the accuser instantly punished? You get punished for falsely screaming "fire" in a crowded building. 




 Masturbate furiously. Or alternatively, I listen to music. 




 I clicked on a reddit link and got flagged for porn. Now it's logged into the browsing history. 




 Bed full of lesbians. 




 I would say the latter, since it is widely accepted that the light that we see from stars occurred eons ago. Therefore, the present is not observable while it is happening. 




 I'd rather not be famous and dead.  




 Yeah, but he got killed. 




 Would you wish for a lawyer? 




 Do we ever really live in the present? Everything we see, feel, hear or sense has to go to our brains and then be processed. Even though it takes milliseconds to process, we are never truly experiencing "the present."

 




 "When I was 4 years old, I started walking. When I was younger, I could not walk." 




 Why were you thinking about penises in the shower? 




 /end thread 




 Indeed, signing a check does increase the paper that it's on. 




 Neelix doesn't look like he enjoys performing as a DJ and his style of music is very progressive. It's great for listening to at a desk but at a festival it's boring, for lack of a better word 




 It really depends on the crowd and what he "thinks" the crowd is receptive to. I was at a private show he did in Hollywood last weekend and he stated that he was playing a Perfecto Dark set but the crowd was a bunch of hipsters who barely even knew who he was. 

Only about 3 tracks in, he started to progressively get more mainstream with a more "pop" sound. The last song, all the hipsters jumped up and sang along to. I had no idea what song it was. So as a DJ he completed his job to get the party going, but I can't say I enjoyed his set much.

TL;DR He will play what the crowd is receptive to, whether it be pop or more underground. 




 You might try looking into minimal techno or minimal trance. Although when you mention "slow, darker" trance in your title, I'm inclined to think progressive psytrance, but that's just me haha 




 Obviously drinking more. Also I like to DJ. 




 Make myself owner of Earth.  




 At speeling correctly 




 I try not to associate with people who cannot keep commitments. Either that or very harshly ridicule them. 




 Hitler's ghost 




 4 - The first computer to pass the Turing test.

Already happened [here](http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/computer-becomes-first-to-pass-turing-test-in-artificial-intelligence-milestone-but-academics-warn-of-dangerous-future-9508370.html) 




 If you're at a psytrance party, then the people who came want to listen to psytrance. I hate it when they put artists who play radically different styles back to back at a festival. It really breaks up the musical flow of the night. 




 What record pool and what genre is most prominent in it? 




 Wait, hold on. "Forced to fuck?" That's the definition of rape. lol 




