 i rather it not have multiplayer. 




 thats sweet i love Army of two 




 my grandfather bought a Playstation 2 at a yardsale and found this game. i use to play it so much that when i remembered it i looked it up. My friend owns a gamestore and found it, i bought it off of him for 7 dollars 




 I know right i love dominion  









 My boss did that in 3 months. I remember when he lost the one challenge like 25 times in a row he almost threw a controller at a customer 




 I know that feel i did it with a truck and my friend kept walking over my care and using it as a personal bridge.
What system are you playing on 














 I mean like a song that is not on a soundtrack. But i love 117 too. 




 Do you mind if i use this as my background i put it on and IT IS PERFECT. great drawing by the way you should do more or record yourself and post it. Id like to see what other stuff you can draw.  




 What song that is not a fan made song do you halo fans think fits halo 4 the best. I love halo but i just can't find the perfect song to listen to at the midnight release. Suggestions
7 MORE DAYS 




 The one thing i hate is that i went on the song Back in Black and the comments are spammed by cod fans. Saying people only know this song because of CoD. 




 thanks I was wondering why he already won a prize. 




 when i was a kid my brother really liked WWE. I watched it all the time with him. I first memory was of stone cold steve austin getting thrown off a bridge. I had a VHS tape about stone cold steve austin that i watched everyday. Good memories...WWE is the one way i will remember my great grandfather and grandfather. We would watch it every week together. 




 Im waiting to watch it because you get it on a dvd with the limited edition But u am really tempted to watch it. 









 Nice!!! 




 Great song 




 I think they should add so that if you kill a spartan while you're the flood, then the spartan will convert on the spot doing like an animation of pain and after a couple of seconds he'll be up and ready to infect some more. Of course the other survivors will be able to kill the spartan while he is in the transformation and stop him from turning. He will then get a medal and the infected will just respawn somewhere else. 




 I love Rage 




 Who got limited edition i think it's totally worth it 




 Its just not in its prime any more is what he is saying 




 Im on episode 168 of original series. I havent watched naruto for a long time so i wanted to start the original series first. Are the fillers worth watching i feel as if ill miss something 




 Do you have Xbox 




 i have money just need a game to hold me over till Halo 4 because i paid halo 4 off. I loved the first one but just wasn't sure if i wanted it. 




 Slayer is amazing my friends always make fun of me for all the slayer shirts i wear 




 SLAYER FUCK YEA 




