 hopefully that's the plot of the movie.  I may go see it. 




 I've been blown by Richard Simmons 




 I don't want to pray to the crust 




 Bite My Shiny Metal Ass 




 Boogie Nights 




 very insightful and very funny story.   




 Sake 




 It's clean, crime free and beautiful.  never happen in America 




 I wouldn't give a fuck either.  Feel free to bury me.  




 He was being held in Arizona because lack of papers 




 silver dollar 




 It's common knowledge Hell's Angels are afraid of puppies 




 I agree best name for a boat i have ever seen. 




 That cover is awesome 




 Amen 




 Motor boat 




 30 seconds ago i was a fan of Argentina, but now i am with Paraguay until the end... 




 me too 




 You assume an adult actress would be in class 




 That looks AWESOME! 




 Love it! 




 That's Damn Funny! 




 I hope you're right.  I LOVE ZELDA 




 She has got fantastic patience.  That is beautiful.   




 wow!  it looks as good as you think it would 




 trailer looks good 




 looks great. 




 What can you say?  




 sorry, I laughed 




 can't blame you for not caring.  I barely car about Aquaman and now your shoving Aqualad down our throats. 


 




 I guess schools out for the summer so all the little kids are on reddit? 




 "That bitch in the back row is smokin." 




 sad. very sad. 




 Anthony Hopkins as Odin 




 I LOVE IT!! 




 thought it was pretty damn funny 




 That's freakin funny 




 Need More All Star Batman 




 The street art/illustrations by artist Don Lucho are fabulous.  Gfest would love to sit on a bench and watch the expressions of all the people that passed by and viewed the crime scene. 




 A new trailer for DC Universe Online has been released today where Game director Chris Cao Shows us a portion of Metropolis that all comic book fans are familiar with - Suicide Slums.   




 This is why foreigners hate Americans.  I mean, how pathetic can you be?  At least she let one of our men in uniform go ahead of her.   




 Can I have an Amen! 




 Fantastic.  You should dell those bad boys. amazing 




 Someone named Joseph Senior, just made me think that Hello Kitty was kind of cool.  That's an amazing artist right there.  Mr. Senior has crossed Hello Kitty with mainstays of popular culture such as Wolverine, Batman, Star Wars, Star Trek, Buzz Lightyear, and even Robocop.  Genius. 




 Gfest loves exclusives.  Especially SDCC exclusives.  The word exclusive to a comic/action figure lover is as powerful as cocaine is to Lindsey Lohan.  So Gfest was very happy that Diamond announces their exclusives for this years big show.  Click READ MORE for the full list.
 




 Can you solve the Gfest Riddle? We'll give you a picture and three clues to guess the actor's name that is rumored to be Christopher Nolan's pick to play the Riddler in Batman 3.  Third Rock from the Sun, Cobra Commander, and Inception.  Got it? 




 Some of the biggest PlayStation 3 games will be available to play in 3D this year. The first 3D games hit as early as tomorrow. 




 wonder how many more of these there are 




 Since Futurama's season premier is right around the corner, Gfest thought we would get you in the mood by posting this video from Comedy Central of Dr. John D. Zoidberg's best one-liners.  




 I need an ipad.  Lot of people i would like to put in the phantom zone 




 hope you find it as funny as i did 




 Great Job. I know how tough it is to accomplish it.  Amazing how much better you feel when you kick the cig. 




 seems like such a tough choice 




 can i have one? 




 In the shower with this shaving cream.  it's cheap and the best.  i have very sensitive skin too.  http://www.amazon.com/C-O-Bigelow-Premium-Shave-Eucalyptus/dp/B003D2NMH0
 




 Devo = Futurama = Awesome 




 I hope so 




 CAN'T WAIT 




 literally smoking 




 i'd get mad an break it open 




 love harley quinn 




 Bitching a Classic  - A Great Comic Book Game 




 My precious.   




 emma watson looks good 




 can't wait for this game 




 she definitely fits the bill.   




 damn funny cartoon 




 funny 




 can't wait 




 It will be interesting to see who is batman's rogue 




 i cannot wait until November. This game is going to be fanatstic 




 She's better looking than Rob Corddry but probably not as funny 




 it's the most wonderful thing i have seen 




 can;t wait 




 very funny cartoon 




 unbelievable.   




 Damn funny picture.  Steve Jobs Killed Barry Allen (again) 




 Gonzo as Loki is wonderful 




 good move on her part.  Megan should have thought of that 




 Fun Game 




 Just a fantastic T-shirt design 




 Les Grossman is the best role Tom Cruise has ever played in a movie.  Abusing the vampire is icing on the cake 




 too funny.  needs to be a t-shirt 




 Funny and most likely true 




 she's mine all mine.  no one else's. 




 beautiful art and trailer looks fantastic 




 Can white people be colorbling, or is that just a black thing? 




 Love the random call out to Obama. 




 Now I wish I really was colorblind, given how much time I wasted in my youth trying to solve the damn cube. 




 Remember the scene is in the original "Men in Black" movie where Will Smith auditions for Tommy Lee Jones and Rip Torn to determine if he has what it takes to be a part of the team?  Well Heidi Montag apparently put together this god awful audition tape for Michael Bay to land Megan Fox's role in "Transformer's 3."   




 However, hidden in the latest Warner Brothers studio report at The Hollywood Reporter is a hint at what role DC will play in the studio's future plans in the way every fan has been waiting for: more DC movies. And apparently first up on the slate will be the fastest man alive himself. 




 Actor Temuera Morrison, best known to gfesters as Jango Fett in Stars Wars, has been very candid lately about his role as Abin Sur in the upcoming Green Lantern Movie. In fact, in an interview with Latino Review, he revealed several great little nuggets of wisdom about the film. 




 Mattel released the exclusive packaging and content of this years DC Comics SDCC exclusive Plastic Man action figure, your friends at Gfest were as excited as Dick Grayson when he became Batman (despite the fact he is a whiny little bitch).   




 That is hilarious.  Well done. 




 simply awesome.  simply beautiful.  I simply must have! 




 beautiful covers old and new 




 Lucky, Lucky kids 




 jury is out on the how good it will be but we'll see 




 beautiful cover by Ivan Reis 




 I didn't think I couldn't love her anymore than i did before but I was wrong 




 beautiful recreation of great darkness saga cover with Darkseid.   




 very interesting.  Blackest Night has to be the  most successful DC comic book series to date 




 That is beautiful. Hulk looks amazing. 




 sure looks like it 




 I will unlock your iPhone ladies 




 She looks so damn hot in this new June 2010 Vogue photo shoot 




 she is so damn hot 




 funny.  love the Darth Maul 




 It's "Hump day" we though we would share some pictures of Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Model and actress Brooklyn Decker in a tiny yellow bikini.  Enjoy the pictures of the Hawaiian beach and ocean and if you get chance check out Brooklyn.  




 Gfest cannot express in words how much we LOVE Bender Bending Rodriguez.  We can't wait to see Bender and his shiny metal ass in all the brand new episodes of Futurama next month.  Thank God for these daily storyboards that help feed the need of Gfest's Futurama addiction. 




 love batman beyond.  beautiful cover.  cannot wait for this miniseries 




 Jeff Smith's website Boneville just released the cover art for Rasl #8 and it's delicate mixture of beauty and creepy.  It's got Gfest excited for the next issue. Enjoy this beautiful cover of one of the most disturbing looking little girls in comics. 




 Sweet Controller.  Japan Gets everything good. 




 Tonner reveals its San Diego Comic Con International show exclusive, Leila from Warner Bros. Entertainments upcoming feature film, Jonah Hex.  An authorized likeness of Leila (as portrayed by Megan Fox), Saloon Leila is 16 tall and is limited to 200 pieces.  Saloon Leila is $149.99 and can be purchased in Tonner booth 4148. 




 he's no bruce wayne but someone did steal grant Morrison's kidney 




 love this show cannot wait for series premier.  ass to mouth awesome! 




 This Aquavista Panoramic Wall Aquarium comes with all the gear necessary for a tropical aquarium, including an automatic feeder, dual filtration, heater, air pump, lighting, and a carbon dioxide generator, all of which is controlled via a side-mounted, touchscreen LCD. Available in 5-foot, 20 gallon and 6-foot, 25 gallon models. 




 pretty damn funny  




 leela bender.  bite my shiny metal a$$ 




 I love her more and more everyday 




 funniest snl sketch in a long, long, long time 




 that is sweet.  i need my own secret batcave entrance. 




 beautiful cover. can't wait to read this miniseries 




 She's dirty girl.  




 Love all the planet of the apes movies.  great picture too. 




 Can come up with a better one? 




 If you were wondering what's next to follow Wii Sports, Wii Fit and Wii Music, Nintendo provided the answer today: Wii Party.  




 Batman: The Return of Bruce Wayne #1 launches a special, six-issue event that chronicles the return of the original Dark Knight.  Each issue spans a different era of time and featuring the dynamic artwork of a different, A-list comic book artist. 




 Batman: The Return of Bruce Wayne #1 launches a special, six-issue event that chronicles the return of the original Dark Knight.  Each issue spans a different era of time and featuring the dynamic artwork of a different, A-list comic book artist. 




 They are beautifully Cool 




 Funny as hell cartoon 




 Funny as hell Cartoon 




 Great Shirt 




 Great overview and excellent humor.  love these weekly updates.  short, sweet and accurate 




 Emma Watson is so damn sexy 




 Then you will love today's Gfest Birthday - Erin Andrews.  She's the hottest reporter in all of sports. It's no wonder that Playboy magazine ranked her in 2007 as "America's Sexiest Sportscaster," beating out Lindsay Soto and Krista Voda. Andrews garnered almost 40% of the vote from the user-determined contest. The most popular video montage of Andrews on YouTube has been viewed over one million times. 




 lucky baby benjamin 




 Apparently, JJ Abrams has a trailer for a new movie entitled "Super 8" all ready for everyone to view this weekend when Iron Man 2 debuts. 




 Gfest is fifth on the pre-order list behind Reggie Bush, Marc Anthony, Jay-Z and the rest of the African American Male population. 




 Can someone please explain to me what her butt is doing in this video.  It seems like it has a nervous twitch.  I'm mesmerized by it regardless. 




 Lois Lane apparently isn't quite kinky enough for Superman.  Too Funny.  




 A Chinese kid whose parents wouldn't buy him comic books decided he'd do it himself.  




 the Rocky II of sueprhero anthems 




 Can't wait for this movie 




 Red Heads and Huge Tits = wonderful! 




 The song sucks (so does the artist) but the Simpson's  make it rock!   Watch the opening sequence below.  




 she's much better than David 




 wow.  hot. happy birthday 




 Megan Fox hands down! 




 Great show had a good run.   




 AWESOME!!!! 




 Even though its been leaked, I am excited to see it in its full form.  Nice picture too.  Way better than Steve Jobs. 




 She's fantastic.   




 They are gorgeous 




 I liked both movies too bad 




 My God does she look good. 




 She's wacked but I love the picture.   




 She's freakin gorgeous 




 Good for the Simpsons to give a shout out to South Park 




 That is one of the most unique forms of art I have ever seen 




 unbelievable and I am not just talking about the ipad 




 best super girl to date 




 Good Pick!!! 




 I would very much like to wish her happy birthday in person! 




 Sweet Game 




 who will play batman on stage? 




 Your right on guys. Like the picture 




 Usual Suspects was a an awesome movie.  can't wait to see these two work together again. 




 Need a lawn as great as that.   




 Great books. Love this series.  Cannot wait to read next book.  Great preview. 




 Great picks!  Three beauties 




 Can't wait for this game! Great preview. 




