 Is there a certain image that when you see it you get pumped to get into shape? 




 So when he went down his dick was still out, does the cop have to pug it away for him? 




 I got the monster isport, I use them for everything. Gym time and street running. They are pricy at $150, but worth the $.  




 My buddy and I did this yesterday and went to hhe planetarium on acid! Fucking Amazing! 




 Not easy to watch on a 3GS IPhone but well worth it. Have a +1, don't spend it all in one place. 




 I had a grand maul seizure during sex. When I was 24 I had a long term girlfriend and was living at home. Well at one point my doctor and I decide to go off my meds to see if its still active. Well during that time of my med me and my GF are having sex and next thing I know I'm hanging off the bed and I've puked up my dinner. Turns out mid bone I went into a full blown seizure. My GF was aware of my condition but never expected this to happen. She was a champ though. The real awkward part was telling my parents how it went down. But hey now I have a cool story. 




 This is one of my favorite books of all time. It's the only book that has ever truly scared me. It's a must read . 




 Last dragon reference. Nice! 




 What came first the chicken or the egg? 




 I have been tinkering with mixing my own pre-workout cocktail. right now im going with

1.5 tsp creatine
1.5 tsp glutamine
.5 tsp guarana extract (caffine)
.5 tsp chyanne pepper extrcact 90,000 heat (fat burner)
two scoops amino energy gonna switch to a cleaner amino blend once i run out of this product)

What do you folks recommend.   









 I feel like I had one of these in a classroom during high school but without all the biblical shit. 




 bad Lieutenant
 




 Don't want to point out the obvious but folks may want to be careful what they say here. This is one of the few topics in the world where a joke can get you in serious trouble. Other than that I think it would be 9/11 all over again. It would temporarily bring the country together but would then any lessons we learned or justice tring to be served  would get used and abused by various parties and causes. 




 Who the hell is Emma stone and why should I car? 




 My life is going great. I'm sleeping next to this amazing girl I met last month. It's the first time that I've been this head over heels for someone I a long time. I'm in the best shape of my life. Mentally I'm in a place of self discovery and imrprovement where I just want to fill my life with as much love, knowledge and wisdom as possible. :) ain't life grand! 




 Obama wins, Romney cries! 




 That is one of the greatest things I've ever seen. I'm drunk mind you. 




 Porn was rare. It was something that you or a friend stole from your dad or a store and it would get passed around you friends like was a sacred text. I remember every once I a while while digging tennis balls out of a bush you would stumble upon a stash that some neighborhood kid had hidden. It was like finding gold. Now any dumb kid is only one click away from the most horrible porn ever created. There spoiled they should have to work for that shit! 









 In jr high I was a rollerblader  




 "Time" by Pink Floyd, it's my favorite song and its very fitting for the situation. 




 As a kid I would look at my dads porn, found out the guy likes chicks with dicks.  




