 [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997373039/)

I tried demo and i love it, but i do not have enough money at the moment (and i am going to write an article on it when i get it). Sciency rockety stuff! I would be very grateful :) 




 I have a spare copy of this great game. Actually, it is my the most favorite game ever.
Post the Answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe and Everything and i will decide. 




 So, a few weeks earlier a guy stopped me near the place i go to school. It turned out the guy is a Hindu preacher, trying to sell some books about Krishna and talk people into religion.

I kinda like him, we talk for a moment every time i go that way, but he appears to be very brainwashed/clearly instructed. First, when i told him i am an atheist, he tried to tell me atheism is a religion (i told him it is in fact absence of faith). Today i told him i read The God Delusion and he went on how atheist don't know facts and write about it (i even told him Dawkins has all sourced), whereas religious books are true (particularly his own religion's one, obviously, because when i told him e.g. Bible and Quran are just books, that it is not an evidence of anything, he seemed to agree).

I am not sure if it's worth trying to learn him at least anything, I don't know if he listens. But I don't particularly like arguing with people, so i am not pushing anything. 




 Some unmistakably artificial structures, e.g. remains of buildings.
Discuss please. 












































 Only three videos in and i am almost crying! Thank you, people, i love laughter! :D

Edit: Now i am crying with laugher :D 












































 Hi everyone,

i do not expect to be many Czech people here, but i am going to post it anyway. With help from couple of other Czech bronies i managed to finish Czech Subtitles for the first part of [Brony Chronicles](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2EOfhvvURY feature=player_embedded).

It was difficult, but i am proud of it. I do not expect it to be well-received here, but even if one person find it useful i will be happy.
BTW yes, i already posted it on Czech forums.

It it for 720p version downloaded off YouTube.

[DOWNLOAD HERE](http://uloz.to/x6nnuB2G/the-brony-chronicles-part-1-origins-srt) 



























































 When my cat lies somewhere, she put her legs and tail under her so she looks like a little furry blobby bean. It's adorable.

I just wanted to share with you. 




 Say it with a picture! 




 It's old, useless and powerless, i just want to be sure it won't shock me or something. 




 After five troublesome years i can finally rest from it and study English. 




 Here is a download link to the torrent, thanks to the loyal seeders it is quite fast.

[1] http://fangfactory.net/public/Pernament/Obrazky.torrent

90% pony stuff, rest is random funny or interesting things from the internet.

Warning: Only a very tiny fraction is NSFW/gore pictures, but still.

PLEASE SEED :) 




 Can i set all except characters/objects/buildings on minimum and maintain good fps? What has the biggest impact on performance?
 









 It's almost 16 000 pictures i hoarded. 90% pony stuff, rest is random funny or interesting things from the internet.

Warning: Only a very tiny fraction is NSFW/gore pictures, but still.

Here is download link to the torrent

http://fangfactory.net/public/Pernament/Obrazky.torrent

Big thanks to /u/CoderCandy for helping to start this 




 - dry place
- no light, piled in the boxes
- usage low 




 EDIT:
**DEEP WEB**, not the surface one
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deep_Web 




 We've seen it in many movies and experienced in many games - enemy/alien threat is overpowering some major USA city, in the end the military/goverment decides to send a nuclear missile in there. Could that be a real scenario and under what circumstances? 












































 Psychonauts is an older game, yet it is my THE MOST favourite game ever and i will tell you a few reasons why:

* It's very different than any other games in terms of its originality
* Art style is fantastic even with limited texture resolution and limited amount of polygons
* The game is very humorous and funny
* Each level offers its own unique gameplay 
* Game setting is quite joyful and the plot is intriguing
* It has many things to collect, which serves not only for a sole purpose of being collected, but it's important for game progress.

Albeit it's an older game, the time hasn't taken anything from its enjoyability. If you pass off on it, you will miss one of the most original games ever created. 



















 I tried to Google, but i am not much smarter. 



















 I was going there, because some awesome things there were mistaken for uncool. Have we won?

http://www.reddit.com/r/bronyhate 




 I know it's not a very good question, given the amount of factors, so i simplify it. Hypothetical computer is running only BIOS, electricity is stable, it has no viruses/malware. 


































 On /r/Minecraft frontpage i see beautiful creations, dreamhouses with pools, majestic gates to great dwellings...
And i am in utilitarian grey cube and all i have is gigantic complex of mining caverns and cobblestone castle with skyscraping tower.
I play on Peaceful. 




 So there exists some guys who formed a band and entertain themselves by cryptically promote themselves and creating an ARG? Did i get it right? 









 It was just so calm. 




























































































































 We got NMM, Discord, Chrysalis and Sombra. We all are excited by possibility of seeing some of them again, but every season so far introduced at least one new villain. Who do you think it will be in Season 4? 




 I like drinking pony fanfics and i want to read one with Celestia.

BTW i didn't want to put this in mylittlealcoholic 









 Would you survive? 

















































 Do you know some good drinking fanfics with Rarity? 






















































 I read it will be shut down early this year. Will it still be playable? Though Spore isn't perfect, it can be beautiful sometimes. 







































 I need it to show it to my friends. 



























































 Starswirl the Bearded was a powerful magician, who lived more than 1000 years ago. He invented spell to transform a pony (unicorn or pegasus) into an alicorn. The regal sisters used this spell to become alicorns and thus defeat Discord (and then Sombra). They kept the book for themselves and Celestia is testing her pupils (many generations of them). If they prove themselves to be worthy enough, Celestia reward them with turning them to alicorns. 












































 There is Derpy trying to open cookie jar with her hooves without succes, cursing "What kind of sadistic retard invented this crap?!. In the next panel is Celestia opening the cookie jar with her magic and she says something like "Hohoho". (i love her expression while she's doing so, that's why i am looking for it) 










































































 Today i found quite shocking (and somehow truthful) quote from Terry Deary: 
"I've no interest in schools. They have no relevance in the 21st century. They were a Victorian idea to get kids off the street. Who decided that putting 30 kids with only their age in common in a classroom with one teacher was the best way of educating? At my school there were 52 kids in the class and all I learned was how to pass the 11-plus. Testing is the death of education. Kids should leave school at 11 and go to work. Not down the mines or up chimneys, mind, but working with computers or something relevant. Everything I learned after 11 was a waste of time. Trigonometry, Boyle's law: it's never been of any use to me. They should have been teaching me the life skills I was going to need, such as building relationships, parenting and managing money. I didn't have a clue about any of these things at 18. Schools need to change."


source:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry_Deary#Series 














 I enjoy fanfics, where ponies are getting drunk (no clopfics), i read a couple of 'em, but i want more.  




 Hi, a 7305 days ago, i was born here in Prague. Today I am 20, and i am no longer a "teen". Here's a few notes:
- i didn't have a GF yet, it saddens me sometimes a bit
- i write about PC games
- i i am kind and friendly
- i am timid and shy
- i would want a family one day
- i am an atheist

Anyway, happy birthday to me! :) 



















 I've been searching far and wide, but i just can't find that piece of music. It's music that plays right after Nightmare Moon defeat.
They say it used to be here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRkx7eqVsrA , but this is already deleted. 





































































