 This is from the early 1980's : http://imgur.com/A3l9gso

Full video here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JAJrZ1PTlw 



















 Hello,

So far in my code i've set it up where I simply switch out my panels in my frame when I need to change what is shown on the screen. I've been looking at a few tutorials for making a 2D sidescrolling platformer game, but all of these tutorials start from scratch and i'm having trouble implementing them into my code. 

Could someone give me some advice as to what would be the best way to go about this that dosen't require me to rewrite my code ? 

http://www.mediafire.com/download/67iudjaxl5gfmmp/Game.zip those are my project files, if you need the actual images I can pm you them but i'd rather not make them public.

Thank you for any assistance! 



















 It seems like they made such an effort to make the gameplay fun, but completely ignored any type of level/team balancing. 




 I've been listening to Alan Watts, and one thing he emphasizes is the getting rid of concepts like the past and the future. Perhaps i'm still stuck on semantics but then when are memories ? My train of thought leads me to believe that they are always in the present, but it doesn't make sense semantically. 














 Hi, unfortunately one of the modes on  the Quick Fire TK keyboard does not include only WASD, infact you can't even disable the backlights at all. It's really distracting when they're on and annoying having to turn off numlock every 2 minutes to use the keys. Any ideas ? 




 A few questions, i've recently been listening to Alan Watts talking about meditation, namely Zazen.

 I'm wondering, do you keep your eyes open or closed ? I think I remember him saying that the monks would keep their eyes half open, as zazen's way is not to exclude any of the senses. 

When doing the crouching position, do you sit on your heels (it's a bit uncomfortable, maybe it's meant to be that way ? ) or do you turn them on their sides ? I don't have the round pillow, only a small cushion which I sit on. 

What do you concentrate on when meditating ? If someone could provide me a recourse or even better, explain it here, that would be awesome.

Thank's in advance. 



















 Has anyone here had any experience on living in a Zen temple for an extended period of time ? I've had a hard time finding any monastery/temples that advertise anything past 7 day seshin's.
Thanks! 



















 Hi, I managed to get the first one downloaded but whenever I get to about 500mb on the second/third zip files (of the large one) the download will stop, saying : unable to finish the download. Even if I try to download it manually and install it through NMM it still wont download all of it.

Any ideas ? 

Thanks in advance. 




 Cheers. 




 If it helps, i've fit a 6950 in there before. I'm using a CM 690 II and have a P67A-GD65 mobo. I'm currently looking at the DirectCU II model.

Thank you! 














 The sub plots are pretty silly, some of the characters are melodramatic and even the episodes can be a bit strange. But that's why I love it. It's such a good contrast for when they try to do the gut wrenching episodes such as when the doctor fell in love with Seven. It lifts some of the faux seriousness and in turn uses that to highlight the really excellent episodes and two parters. Thoughts ?  









 Looking to upgrade from my 6950 which i've been using for the past few years. I've already got an Accelero cooler on it (the card itself died) so either something that that would fit on or a card that comes with a built in aftermarket cooler. I've got a i5 25k@3.3ghz and 8gb RAM incase youre thinking something might bottleneck.

Thank you in advance!

EDIT : Sorry if this is in the wrong subreddit,not sure where else to put it. 




 Operating System: Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit (6.1, Build 7601) Service Pack 1

Mobo : MSI MS-7681

Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-2500K CPU @ 3.30GHz (4 CPUs), ~3.3GHz

Memory: 8192MB RAM

GPU : NVIDIA 9400GT

Speedtest : 33ms,1.4 mb/s dl, .65 ul.

I used to have a 6950 installed but that very randomly died, so i've had to switch to a 9400gt until I can get a better gpu. Ever since I have youtube videos, even when fully loaded, will randomly pause. I've tested this in both firefox and chrome. Any ideas ? 









 Anyone have any idea who won/lost what ? 









 Let's assume that you had 1 year to learn as many languages as you want, what would they be and why ? 




 Let's assume that you're learning them to hopefully put them to use in a job of some sort. 
























 Since the next show is Tuesday can you please upload them before then so that we all have a chance to catchup and watch the live stream ?

--EDIT--
I thought we'd have to watch the next one without the vods even being up. This is fine I guess as long as they're all up before the next one. 




 I always want to save my mana as ADC,mid or top. When can I use my mana to secure cs?  Is it always a better trade ? 














 Hi, regarding ability scores like someones chance to learn or fail a spell how do you work out if they succeed ? Say if it's 80% to fail a spell, do they fail if they roll a d100 and get less than 20% ? Or does the DM just decide arbitrarily ? Thanks! (I'm playing on 2e) 




 Hey,

So i've been watching a really awesome D D series called 'RollPlay' (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsFwQMjeWuo). I know that the DM is running on 2e. How hard would this be to get into with no experience of D D ?

 I'd probably be the DM for 2 or 3 other friends. Would it become pretty clear how they do it if I were to start out with 4e first ? I really like how it's more story/ 'theatre of the mind' (as described in the sidebar) rather than combat oriented (although the combat does seem a bit drab). Maybe it would be a better idea to go with 4e with a more freeformed gridless play like they did ? 

He describes in this post how he's changed the rules of the original 2e to sort of update it : http://www.reddit.com/r/itmejp/comments/196d2n/rollplay_wrap_up_for_week_2_campaign_info_plus_qa/c8lfeum

Cheers for any help or advice!

 




 ??? 









 Destiny is there any chance of you switching up your LoL/Sc2 for EU viewers like 3 days of the week (or even 1 or 2, just make sure we know them that we can tune in) ? I never get to watch any Sc2 because it's so late.  




 I really don't know much about US Politics but i was under the impression that it wasn't a religious country ? Did he just say that to appeal to the religious majority ?

 I remember seeing these quotes on the Newsroom, "As the government of the United States is not, in any sense founded on the Christian religion--" -John Adams (The Treaty of Tripoli)

"...that our civil rights rights have no dependence on our religious opinions.." - Thomas Jefferson

"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion." - First Amendment

EDIT : Just realized that the title might be a bit unclear, by a 'religious country' I mean not that the majority of it's population might be religious (which may or may not be the case, idk) but that the country is and always will be a religious nation, founded 'under God'. 














 Iv'e got an ATI ScanFX (UK brand) 6950, and I put an aftermarket Accelero Xtreme cooler on top of it because it was just making way to much noise and heat. It's on 1100mV Voltage, 800MHz core clock, 1250MHz Memory clock. 

When watching a 1080p movie the fan bumps up to 80% speed, and the fan stays at 90deg. Even on some older games like Darksiders 1 it ends up ovearheating (although I can run bioshock infinite on low for hours on end). My question is, is the fan speed/heat normal ? It's still pretty loud when it's on full load. Maybe i'm expecting too much. Thanks!

Also looking for some help to upgrade this some time in the future, made a thread on /r/buildapc (http://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/comments/1bdzhe/upgrading_2_year_old_pc/) if any of you don't mind looking at that. 




 Hey, wondering what/when I should start upgrading my build ? I can only play bioshock infinite on low and i'd like to play that and other games like that on high in the future. My current build : 
Intel Core i5-25000k @ 3.3GHz (Never got around to overclocking it, how much would it affect gaming ?)

8GB(2x4GB) Corsair XMS3 DDR3 PC3-10

Coolermaster CM 690 II Advanced

1GB ScanFX HD 6950, PCI-E 2.0 (x16)

Accelero Xtreme 6950 Cooler

620W Seasonic S12II-620 Bronze

Gigabyte GA-P67A-UD3-B3, Intel P67

Coolermaster CM 690 II

Like I said I can run most games that came out in the past year on high/ultra, just want to futureproof for 2~ more years. Probably just looking for a better GPU, something like a 7979 or a 680 ? Cheers. 




 So what's the difference between OSL/GSL/GTSL/KeSPA PL/Proleague and WCS ? (Especially what's the difference between the korean ones ?). What's the difference between a season/yearly pass to GSL ? 

AFAIK GSL is just comprised of Groups A-H, and then they fight it off and then it's done, is that just one season then they repeat it 4 times orrr ?

 Should I buy a season or a yearly ticket if i want to watch it to the grand finals ? Thank you!

Edit : thanks everybody for the help 









 **N.B. None of the below means anything if this is just temporary and will stay temporary. The reason i'm making this thread is (as the title suggests) because I have a *lack* of information.**

 I think people will agree that his twitch chat is definitely one of the most entertaining things to be around or even participate in.

 Taking away the large majority of people's ability to chat is really off putting for me to be on his stream now. Now you can relate this to why he switches games, to get more money (At least afaik, maybe twitch admins are the real nazis?) but at least that doesn't hinder the actual 'experience' of being on destiny's channel (please stop me if this gets too meta edgy for you). It's so much more entertaining when he pulls of a crazy 1v3 and the whole chat explodes, retards and all.

Edit : In anticipation of 'why don't you just join raidcall', I want to be able to open his twitch page and directly talk to him. There's also the problem of annoying as fuck adverts (I have both of stevens stream pages whitelisted on adblock). mini tldr: practicality.

Edit 2 : Has anyone noticed how fucking boring the twitch chat is now ?

Edit 3 : Nice idea by Janeway, " Subscriber Janeway_ta: I am all for raidcall chat being his go-to chat. I think that's totally cool, it allows him the control he needs and gives people a way to talk to him. But censuring Twitch chat seems to me to be counterproductive. Rather than trying to enforce an artificial level of decorum in Twitch chat, I think he should just go completely hands-off twitch." I like the idea of having two chats, one that might have more 'decorum' as previously described, possibly not hands off but maybe just the Dharma bott to stop actual spammers. 

tl;dr Chat integral part of lay destiny experience. Back pls. #naziamerica #basedtwitchat 









 Just saw this post on the euw forums, http://euw.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=1098231 seems like somebody that's going to just make account after account to troll deserves an ip ban?? 









 I know there's a reading list however the list of pretty short and they seem like quite heavy reading. I was looking also for something a bit more focused on the problem of evil ? Or maybe someone could suggest a good introduction ? Cheers.  




 It's just a tad confusing but from what I can see it really depends on your standpoint, for instance, if you take up that all scientific theories can be reduced to being logically primitive (you can't explain the scientific law behind the scientific law behind the scientific law etc etc, it all has to be un explainable somewhere down the line) then I assume this makes it theory ? And then the standard pragmatist atheist would believe it fact because of the evidence ? 
Thanks for any help. 




 Hey, just wondering in what school/sub-school my viewpoint would fit in. The belief that God (or a deity if you will) created the universe, but does not interact with it in any way. So all he was there for was to create the universe, either he dissapeared or he might as well have. I would side with the standard deistic ideals but i'm not sure I agree that observing the natural world is enough to prove the existence of God.

I could be misunderstanding things whereas the whole idea of God creating the natural world means that he existed ? Not quite sure on that part. Thanks! 




 Title, thanks! 




 Recently watched Day[9]'s funday monday on HotS units (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7GLSKThYYQ) and it looks really fun, anyone know of any giveaways or preorders I can do (i'm in the UK) to get one ? Thanks! 









 I wanted to ask if anybody here knows anything about getting a job in applied ethics ? The only thing I can think of is being on an ethics committee, if so what did you study to get it ? How hard are they to get ? Or even something that's as close to getting a job in philosophy as applied ethics. Thanks ! 














 Curious because of this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5OaDzGWhFk feature=youtu.be the guy obviously gets tackled and maybe injured, could he have defended himself with reasonable force without getting arrested ? Of course they have it on video.  









 Some games including Serious sam (the new one) darksiders 1, COD Black ops cause my PC to crash after about 10~ minutes of gameplay, first the video goes then the audio and I have to reset it to get my PC to work again. I'm on quite a good machine : 

AMD 6950 @ 1920x1080

i5 25k not overclocked

8gb ram

MSI-7681

DX11, latest graphics drivers (just checked) 

Good cooling system, idle temp is 42c, at first I thought it was just cooling but even some games like Civ 5 which cause my gpu to run at 100% I can play for hours with no trouble, while an older and less graphically intensive game like darksiders does. Any ideas ? Best thing I can come up with is that some engines cause my gpu to overheat/crash. Any help welcome!
Thanks! 




 Iv'e been getting a warning from chrome saying that the site contains malware, can anyone confirm they're getting this too ? 
Pic : http://imgur.com/sXmEc 









 If anybody knows of any pray tell, just read the last question and i'm not that into reading novels but this totally got me interested in short stories such as this one. Dosen't have to be sci-fi although I am a trekkie if you haven't guessed already. 














 LF 3xThe Bees, lvl50 class mods/weapons (Zer0/Commando/Siren), mostly willing to offer millions of $. Add me , motherf28  




 Been farming the bee for a few days with no luck. Message me on steam for a full list of legendary. Looking for The Bee shield. Don't be put off by the level of the legendarys they still do a ton of damage.

I also have a level 50 rocket launcher that does 76590x3 damage.

No time wasters please, message me here for my steam user. 









 Iv'e been listening to pretty much the same stuff for the past few months, so could anyone reccomend me something like these artists ? I listen mainly to RJD2,Ratatat,Kavinsky and Darren Korb (Bastion soundtrack) Thanks. 









 It was huge containing tons of social 'tricks and tips', was on the front of this subedit earlier today, if someone could link it id be mighty greatful. Thanks 









 Informative imgur album http://imgur.com/a/6gcM2  ,any questions ? Ask away! 



















 Hi, could someone please tell me how much this is worth ? Thank you. 



















 Since the ever increasing patches its become harder to find servers that load fast, before I could find some that loaded instantly. Anybody know any (dont have to based in Europe) servers that load fast ? Preferably with like 10-35 avg pop. Thanks! 



















 A few times it just kicks me back to the login screen, is this because of my internet ? has anyone else been getting this as well ? 




 I remember Kirk and Spoc finding someone and his daughter on a planet, turns out the daughter was a robot and the father was some sort of superhuman being van Gogh, alexander the great etc. I think it was near the end but any help would be appreciated. Thanks! 




 F1A5D-3C7A9-64944-328A0-EDB5E

F1E15-CA308-51F24-1B2AA-9BFEE

F14A3-CCBE7-AFFB4-F14BD-40E29

Make sure to post your keys after you get yours (if you get them from this subreddit) 





























 Just looking for a lone person or a group (idc) to play with, i'd be starting a new character, if you want to to that would probably make it more fun. Requires skype + english speaking + a sense of humor (need to not rage so much), message me in reddit for my skype name. 




 What this 'starcraf' is ? Some sort of game ? A band/singer of some kind ? A puzzle to rattle any fine gentlemans jimmys if I do say so myself, Watson. 




 I'm looking for someone to start a course that covers basic A level maths. I think that i'll be doing edexcel AS level maths, i'm sure it would benefit not only me but anybody else that's in the UK and knows just how hard it's going to be. Thanks! 














 Blurb~~~~
Hi, thanks for clicking on this and if you will, taking the time to read what I wrote. I'm completely knew to writing for 'fun' and would like some general feedback more on how I can tell the story more like a story. I realise I probably got a lot wrong ! I wasn't really happy with my character names  but they will do. Of course any critique is welcome, whether it's on the story, the descriptive parts or just how I write. Could you tell who was telling the story and did you expect the ending to be what it was ?
Thanks.~~~~



The Cat.



They say behind every great man theres a greater woman. Sure.

Its remains sat still on the warm, sticky tarmac, the stench of lifelessness emanating like burnt toast from a morning fresh kitchen. So much emotion, all in a smell.
 	
 	
They chose the poor thing for one reason  selfishness. Their desire for an emotional attachment to a soul that wouldnt judge them, that wouldnt give up if they forgot to do the washing up, or left the oven on. That is what makes them despicable, fate didnt neglect its need for food or its predatory instincts, I didnt put in a cage like some bacteria under a microscope. No. They did. And that is what makes them the most despicable creatures I created.				
      
 Their journey starts at the pet shop. A family of three, leading the way is the father, Tom. Short, about five foot nine, slick short, curled back black hair and the swagger to match it. The epitome of my perfection. Retreating behind him is the mother, Mary-Anne. For the purpose of this story no description is nessacary. All you need to know is that she was a coward and by far the worst example of a human being I could possibly give, envy and loathing were second nature to her cruel mind. Last is the son of the family, George. He plays the largest role, the protagonist of our short story. 10 Years old, brown hair like his mother and blue eyes like his father.
 	
Their family was, at best, lower middle class. Tom worked for the Ontario police force           Chief Detective Tom Hilde Roberts. Mary-Anne stayed at home, looking after the dishes, the carpets and the child. The child, yes, George was George  he was the innocent in this.
 	
So, back to the pet shop. As they walked in the squeals of creatures echoed, from the squeaks of mice to the moans of cats and dogs, innocently being pawned off. Lucky for them (and us) they were not aware of this. The Roberts had gone out looking for a cat, Tom was the leader in this little endeavour, and where he went Mary-Anne followed.
 	
George, of course, being the child that he was, was ecstatic! A wonderful, fluffy, cute new friend to play with. The three of them walked up to the cats and before Tom could finish his word George leapt out from the cover of his father and said that one! They agreed on this, and soon enough took the cat home along with the full set of amenities. 
 	
This cat was black, from head to paw, eyes like deep black Obsidian gemstones, always heavy on the human heart, always joyful. Persuading humans was second nature to her.
 You havent seen a cuter animal than this.
 	
 She would look up at you, as if she was inquiring as to the nature of her existence  George would look back, with his curiosity peaking he was in a very similar situation, just on a different scale. They were perfect for each other, thats why they had to be split up; or at least thats what Mary-Anne thought.
 	
You cant just have that cat as a friend, I wont let you. Im your mother and I wont allow such an unhealthy relationship to continue she used to say. Weeks passed, Mary-Anne when she was at home would look back at the cat in a completely different way. Instead of looking at the cat like George, filled with curiosity, she despised the thing. Mary-Anne saw the cat as something that was dismantling their precious family. Of course this family didnt exist. A simple creation of Mary-Annes imagination, of course she believed this, and thats all that mattered.
 	
The calendar read June 7th, everybody and everything was relatively normal for a Saturday, half the time Tom would have to spend his Saturday at the office, this was one of those days. George ,Mary Anne and the Cat where home. George was playing very innocently with the Cat, with a smile on his face and laughter coming from his room. His mother called him down to do his chores, first up was taking out a relatively small rubbish bin. George passed through the kitchen and his mother, who was at the time drying off the dishes, saw his smile. She turned her head in anguish and gave out a negative hmph,  turning her head back to the attention of the sink.
 	
George returned from the garden, twilight was beginning to set over the suburban city blocks, giving any sounds or locomotion a dim calm. This was about to be shattered. George returned into the kitchen. Mary-Anne watched him come in from the cold. She tried to make herself believe she cared for him. She didnt. Mary-Anne saw his neutral-ness turn into a smile. She turned her head to see George and Cat connecting in the happiness that they had. She shouted. Bellowed from the top of her lungs. Anger in its purest form was let out. GET OUT ! GET OUT OF MY SIGHT ! She pointed to the door as Georges smile turned into a frown.
	
George ran outside in the simple sadness that a child could have. He ran to the front door ,eyes filled with tears. The portal opened, he ran.. Heart beating like never before. George covered his eyes to wipe the tears off, to clear his vision. Too late.
 	
Its remains sat still on the warm, sticky tarmac, the stench of lifelessness emanating like burnt toast from a morning fresh kitchen. So much emotion in a smell.
	
So Tom sat, holding George on the  road of his sons final resting place. A heartbroken expression was conveyed to Mary-Anne, eyes and mouth big. She stood in the doorway,  washing up gloves and all. Minutes passed as Tom simply starred at her, as if to say you. As if to act surprised. 

Sure.


[EDIT: Had some trouble with the formatting, please note I do indent paragraphs without skipping a line] 









 Add me on skype - icy.100
My timezone is currently GMT+1 although will be reverting to GMT+0 in a few months. 




 Say someone was to write a story based along the Star Trek story arc, would they need special permission to sell it for money ?  









 All the info I have is that it's a bug, on the wall in Costa Rica - looks like nothing i've seen before.
Edit : Link http://imgur.com/DOtFY 









 I'm only level 51 now and I got this from a friend, should I keep it for 60 or AH it or wait and see if I need it at 60 (and then AH it) ?
http://imgur.com/YPoo2
Edit : I'm a witch doctor 




 Just spend an 1.5 hours getting to skele king on hell, no, not because I was undergeared or kept dying but because my brain didn't want to do its job, heres the route I took, starting with red then blue : http://i.imgur.com/XUJOd.jpg 




 For a lack of a better sub-reddit (to my knowledge, i'm sure there is one out there) i'm posting this here - my thoughts are something like this : If the majority of people that get offended by racial slurs ( Chinese, African Americans etc.) agreed to banish the official meaning, literally to ignore that it ever had any meaning then anybody that tried to use racial slurs in an offensive manner would be as useful as calling someone a table.

I've never actually had any formal philosophy education so my thoughts are sort of everywhere (and iv'e read on this sub-reddit that philosophy helps you to organize thoughts and concepts) so if anybody could help me out just to develop this, or drive it into the ground if it's flawed (tbh there's probably a good chance it is) please feel free to. 
Thanks. 



















