 hahaha loving this, and the "should we give other people some?" and then not doing it, i mean come on man, those guys probably know a bit of English  




 yep you could say he is, its a show that likes stirring up discussions. They are standing at a building where inside they are talking about the whole discussion, and the people outside are there to support the anti-zwarte piet cause. But maybe it helps to know that some people would freak out just by seeing the pink mic because of their reputation. The people that are anti-zwarte piet are already assuming that he is going to ask weird questions to get cheap laughs.  




 To see what it does to people. This happened at an anti-zwarte piet event. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejy9Uy5E2WI 




 Well not really, there is a huge discussion going on in the Netherlands about this tradition. This video is made so we (people in the Netherlands) can see how people from a different country react to a tradition thats so normal to us Dutchies. I guess you can say that some people from the Netherlands will find it "intolerant" to say 'Zwarte Piet' is racism. But nevertheless its very refreshing to see the pure shocked and angry reactions to the blackface and the other portrayals of 'Zwarte Piet'. (Black Pete) 




 Well, i'm Dutch, and as you can see in the video, its fair to call us idiots... 




 Goosebumps  




 I'm always surprised at how smart that guy seems to be...  














 Dutch talkshow sidekick shows a sketch of a guy who threw his baby in a thrashcan...  









 Hey Daniel, thank you so much for doing this AMA. Been a HP fan for as long as i can remember and you've portrayed him perfectly as i had envisioned him reading the books. My question: I can understand that you and Rupert Grint and Emma Watson grew very close during the filming of all the movies, but what was your first impression of Rupert and Emma?  




 Lets hope so, Zeeland deserves an Eredivisie/Jupiler League club of their own :)  




 Well the same thing is happening in de Achterhoek, all the young people are leaving for the 'big city' but still there are a lot of Graafschap and Vitesse supporters. Its just weird that there has never developed at least a Jupiler League worthy club which people could root for.  




 Always found that weird, there must be SOME sponsors who could fund a club in Zeeland. It is interesting to see which clubs are supported over there instead.  




 Great work from Tubantia.nl/voetbalkaart 




 zijn alle 3 niet echt upcoming toch? Tuneboy is al een veteraan joh, haha. 




 haha stugge boeren uut de achterhoek, bedankt voor het antwoord :) 




 Hey Pieter, thank you for doing the AMA, i really enjoyed your set at Defqon, looking forward to the album!!

question number 1: i always admire that you have a lot of contact with the community/your fans, why is it so important for you to stay close to your fans?

2: what was the most epic gig you've played?

3: is there ever going to be a collab with Degos   Re-done? i've seen you guys together on stage, and i always thought it was a shame that you guys haven't been in the studio together (as far as i know)

again, thanks for doing this AMA, keep up the good work :D
 




