 Frank Zappa.  
He should be in every music list, because genius.  
(I'll show myself out :-D ) 




 HAH! That is so much epic... My bedside alarm only has a cradle for an iPhone.  
 /me kicks my alarm clock  
I think I have found a new item to start prowling ebay for :-) 




 Agreed.. This.. So much this!
I learned about Gong fu style 'brewing' during my first business trip to China. Never would have otherwise found out that the second, and third infusions on most good teas are actually sweeter (and in my opinion superior) to the first infusion. If the idea of navigating around tea leaves while sipping doesnt appeal to you, a Gaiwan is a good choice as a brewing vessel for ease of use, and cleaning, and you can pour the tea off the leaves for each infusion. My favorite tea for Gong Fu service, is a good grade Long Jing tea (Dragonwell).. It really changes from infusion to infusion. Always enjoyable. 




 Wow.. I'm in the Napa Valley, and our local seller of any quality (Drink The Leaf) shut his doors last year.. I have a lb of vacuum packed Tung Ting, and Bi Lo Chun.. Really need to pick up a tray tho. Might have to roadtrip down to Richmond! 




 I have a couple 450nM blues I built a couple years ago. The highest power one is about 2,700mW. It will burn skin within a second, up to about 5 meters away. But, the dot is so bright,  it's painful to look at without attenuating  safety glasses. Not to mention that an inadvertent reflected beam strike to your eyes will deliver permanent damage before your blink reflex kicks in... be safe, take care of your eyes.. that said, I can 'feel' a 450nM laser on my skin (less than an inch away) @ about 65mW, but it takes a few seconds. A couple hundred mW will hurt within a second or so.. a couple thousand mW  will scar your skin from close range. 

You can touch a 7W night - light bulb after its been on for a while.. it's warm, but not uncomfortable to handle. A 25W  bulb is kinda hot to touch, but not bad. A 200W bulb will burn you, if you try to grab it. Same basic idea with laser powers.. 




 ...Yarn 




 I've seen a sign like this in a park in the Napa Valley, CA (Skyline Park)

I'm still scratching my head :-) 




 Those that can extrapolate from an incomplete statement,  




 Dude, I totally have that same fly swatter!  :-D

Excellent costume, very well executed, and a great story to boot. No half-measures taken!  Have a fun (and safe) Halloween.  




 Heh, Mine too.. Had it about 1.5 years. The Boil and 190F are completely rubbed off.. No issues with failures tho, and I use mine daily. Pricey for a boil kettle, but really nice to use. 




 A 6 ft long piece of rope walks into the bar, and sits down.. The bartender says "We don't serve ropes in here.."

Annoyed, the rope takes off, quietly complaining under his breath.

After a week, the rope tries to get into the same bar (hoping a different bartender will be on duty).. The rope sits down, and the bartender says (yet again) "Hey, I told you, we don't serve ropes in here.. Get out!"

Now,. the rope is really ticked off. He leaves, but is so angry as he stews over the bars no-rope policy, he begins to twist himself into coils and tangles. Needless to say, his 'hair' gets mussed up, and disheveled, and he's worked himself into a ball of twists, and coils.

He decides to give the bar one more try, now that he's a little more "incognito"

...The rope sits down at the bar, and the bartender turns to him and says "Hey.. Aren't you a rope?"

The rope replies: " No, I'm a frayed knot.." 




