 The ability to give weathermen boners. 




 Obama would have Hitmonlee 




 Unidan's alternative accounts 




 Is the secret mission just speculation? 




 Ok thank you, just what I needed to hear. 




 I am on my 9th round and I just received a set of Heart Scales, but they don't show up in my rewards. How many rounds can I go through? 




 America and Canada are like the Avengers, uniting together after a tragic death. 




 Why is this not top comment? 




 I don't think anybody who commented understood this reference. 




 What can you transfer and what can't you? 




 M'lady *faps to dora* 




 Looks like the [real Boba Fett](http://static.squarespace.com/static/51b3dc8ee4b051b96ceb10de/51ce6099e4b0d911b4489b79/5399e1b2e4b0982b2321c919/1402679227456/boba-fett-definitely-doesnt-look-as-cool-with-his-helmet-off-preview.jpg?format=1000w) 




 Damn, this made me really sad for some reason. I just want to give her a hug. 









 Ok, thank you! Love the whole video! 




 The clip at 2:10 with a the back of some guy's head giving a speech or something to a bunch of people in gray jumpsuits, sitting down. 




 The clips with all those people in the gray jumpsuits, where are those from? 




 Came here to say this, lol! 




 Oh so sorry m'lady, it's not often you see a beautiful woman such as yourself on sites such as these. You must be very intellectual, are you an atheist by any chance? 




 It's a secret or I wouldn't understand? 




 Here's the thing. You said a "black person is in prison."
Is it in the same family? Yes. No one's arguing that.
As someone who is a scientist who studies blacks, I am telling you, specifically, in Ebolatology, no one calls black people prisoners. If you want to be "specific" like you said, then you shouldn't either. They're not the same thing.
If you're saying "negro family" you're referring to the taxonomic grouping of Niggerae, which includes things from niggers to negroes to lightskins.
So your reasoning for calling a black person a prisoner is because random people "call the black ones prisoners?" Let's get sandniggers and mexicans in there, then, too.
Also, calling someone a nigger or an ape? It's not one or the other, that's not how taxonomy works. They're both. A nigger is a nigger and a member of the negro family. But that's not what you said. You said a black person is a prisoner, which is not true unless you're okay with calling all members of the negro family niggers, which means you'd call lightskins, sandniggers, and other races prisoners, too. Which you said you don't.
It's okay to just admit you're wrong, you know? 




 My friends joke that I am Jewish because I have a big nose, guess I am Jewish now! 




 Which guy? 




 My favourite from that episode is when he says he's 2/15ths aboriginal. 




 It says Iron Man is 6 foot 5 but isn't Downey Jr. shorter than 6ft? 




 Thanks for your answer and I will definitely check out that book! Thanks! 




 These days, you can't talk about war veterans without talking about PTSD. It gets a lot more attention now than it did a while ago, and I was wondering how it was back in the times of muskets and even swords. Did it happen as commonly as today? Was it treated as a real problem? How did people 'cure' it? 




 "If I'm dead, you guys have been dead for weeks." 




 "Ow, fuck!" - Roald Dahl 




 I heard a story of a temp becoming the VP of Dunder Mifflin 




 If you had a blacklight, it would look like a Jackson Pollock painting 




 Did you enjoy this picture? YOU JUST ENJOYED ONE OF HITLER'S ARTWORKS 




 came here to say this 




 I can't get over that final picture where he looks like he's screaming 




 [My entry](http://i.imgur.com/JDdWKDv.jpg), and just a reminder to watch out for Pokerus. 




 John Oliver? 




 [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLAU6jF0qwY) is the test footage. 




 If you hadn't become an actor, how would your life have turned out? Thanks for doing this AMA! 




 Shouldn't that underage girl from the Fappening be in trouble now? 




 [This](http://tshirtroyalty.com/products/square/87421.png) 









 Teefury! 




 [This one](http://www.fjackets.com/buy/Guardians-of-the-Galaxy-Chris-Pratt-Jacket.html) is a tad cheaper. 




