









 The flashback to the Trojan war sort of shows his beginnings 




 Bottom part is the Aeneid and the Odyssey, great classics 




 Wowsers.  Here's my own story chart in progress http://i.imgur.com/pOG1NNi.jpg 




 "I'm Always so on top of my game"

Haha 




 Notice how Matthew's character is afraid of time and the spaceship on the poster is like a watch/clock as it is a circle split up into 12 sections 




 Just realized that the ship has 12 different sections, not unlike the face of a watch 




 Thanks.  I'll give it a try soon 




 I'm playing through night 6 of FNAF 1 now and it's a lot of fun.  I like watching videos of people playing FNAF 2 but it doesn't look as cool and looks unnecessarily complicated.  Does anyone else feel the same way?  Or should I change my mind and give it a try? 














 I saw it at TCL Chinese Theater in Hollywood.  They started the film and it was playing upside down.  Took them 15 minutes to fix it 





























 For example, some horror movies have been ranked by which produced the highest heart rate (The Shining increases bpm by 28%) and some comedies are measured in "laughs per minute" (Airplane has 3 laughs per minute). 




 That movie is #8 top grossing all time (adjusted for inflation) and yet it's not on very many "top 100" lists at all. 




 Hooray 




 Surely you can't be serious 




 6th grade for me 




 The Lady Vanishes!  It's Hitchcock but no one ever seems to mention it.  I enjoyed it more than The 39 Steps. 




 What happened to Dr. Zhivago...?  Deleted comment, oops.  I liked that one more than Lawrence of Arabia 




 What we have here is a failure to communicate. 




 How are you so good at gardening?  It sure beets me 














 The Lady Vanishes 1938.  Proves that you don't need Hans Zimmer to get your mind blown. 









 I meant 2011 to 2014, sorry.  The Lego Movie is top-ranked so far this year.

Warner Brothers acquired Rotten Tomatoes in 2011, so those are the years in question. 









 http://youtu.be/e79SuHotazs 




 Yeah I know where you mean.  They have video cameras there?  I've never heard of any parks literally stopping a ride because of video cameras. 




 That's the bottom of the first drop... There ain't no brakes there 


































 The scariest monsters are the ones you don't see...

Some students and I made "The Haunting":
http://youtu.be/9p3ns6ryxJ8 





























