 Okay, I've never really used Reddit before, but I saw this subreddit where people upload unusually creepy stories for help/advice. And that's just what I need right now. I guess I should start off with some background information, so my situation can be remedied most effectively. My name is Summer, and for the purpose of slight anonymity Ill leave it at that. I just turned eighteen, and I moved to a small city in Utah a couple of weeks ago to start attending summer classes at a local college. Before I go any further, you should know that up until now, I lived in Florida. I lived there my entire life, so moving out to such a new place entirely was difficult. I dont know very many people here. Sorry about the tangent, I just wanted to give enough information to make the rest of my story make more sense.

Okay, so like I said, I moved here a couple of weeks ago. My Mom and I drove all the way from Florida to get here, and we were on the road for a little over a week. She helped me set up all the stuff in my dorm and stayed a couple of days before heading back out. It was definitely emotional, being an only child my Mom and I have always been incredibly close. After she left I had a couple of days to get acquainted with the campus. I met four other girls staying in my dorm who are all super nice. The way our dorm is set up is similar to an apartment- Theres one big room that we all share that has a kitchen and living room, and then this long hallway that branches off to three other rooms- Two double and one single. I was lucky enough to land a single dorm room, and being a bit of an introvert this has proven to be very beneficial. I can go to bed and wake up whenever I like, and not worry about sharing a small space with someone else. After that, classes started right up. Being summer semester, there werent as many people in the classes, which was nice. Most of my courses only had five to ten other students, so I really got to know my professors. I made a couple of friends, if you could call them that, and things were going fine. Up until a few days ago.

 So the way summer classes work at my college is kind of weird. Most of the general ed courses, like the ones Im taking, started during mid-June. Others that deal with majors, however, started in July. So at the beginning of last week, I started seeing some new people file in. No one especially notable. Anyway. A few days ago, I head to my Biology class as usual, and see a few new people that had recently joined for major programs. As soon as I walk in, a new boy comes running over and gives me this massive bear hug. And as hes hugging me, he says, Oh my God, Sunny! How have you been? Now, this was odd for a number of reasons. First of all, I had never seen this guy before in my life. Hes this tall, sandy-blonde haired fellow with trim muscles and a killer smile. A good-looking guy, someone I wouldnt easily forget. Second of all, as stated earlier, my name is Summer, not Sunny. Now, Im sure a lot of you are thinking what I originally thought- Maybe he saw me and thought I was someone else. But what was eerily disturbing about the scenario is that my father used to call me Sunny. He called me Summer Sunshine, and told me that my Sunny smile always brightened his day. It was sweet, a nickname I had always cherished. But my father passed away in an unresolved accident when I was nine, and now just hearing the name Sunny sends shivers up my spine. So, Im sure you can imagine my surprise when this stranger runs up to hug me calling me a name I hadnt heard in nearly a decade. As soon as he breaks loose, I say something along the lines of, Hey, um, my name is actually Summer. I dont know a Sunny. You may have me confused with someone else. He stares at me intently, scanning my features, and then says, Haha, very funny, Sunny. Hey, weve all missed you since the trip! You should totally come to the next one, if youre free. It was a total blast last time! He turns to walk to a desk, and I stand there, completely dumbfounded. 

After the class ends, I rush out to avoid any confrontation with that weird guy. And then, things get weirder. As I walk down the halls towards my dorm room, all these people I have never seen before start waving at me and saying things as they walk by. A redheaded girl Ive never seen says Hey, Sunny! Great to see you! as she opens a classroom door. A couple of jock guys said something along the lines of,  Sunny, remember- Dont touch the poison oak! and burst out in laughter as they turn a corner. Each time it happened, I got more and more unsettled. By the time I finally got back to my dorm, I was on the verge of a major freakout. I rushed into my friends room- Lets call her Abigail- And told her everything that happened. I asked if she was certain that she hadnt seen anyone that looked even remotely similar to me. She assured me she hadnt, but recommended we search for girls named Sunny on campus. So we pulled up the school directory. Nothing comes up for Sunny. We search Sunshine, Allison, Allie, or anything that could be related to Sunny. Still, nothing. Abigail suggested that we look through the school ID page on the online database to find photos of girls who may look like me. Nothing. No one even closely resembled me. By the time we had looked at every photo in the database, she was beginning to feel my frustration. We figured our search irrelevant and called it a day. 

Then, this morning. I wake up, and to my surprise, theres a new iMessage on my phone from an unsaved number. Here is the exact message, copied and pasted from my messenger. Good morning, Sunny. Its Ez. Wow. I cant even begin to explain how AMAZING last night was. Youre just Wow. Im honestly speechless. I cant wait to see you again. Um, text me when you get up? Cant wait to hear from you. I hope you can understand how much this freaked me out. So many things were running through my head, and all I could think is I need to tell someone. So I leave my dorm to find Abigail, and shes sitting at the kitchen table on her laptop, and she says Hey Summer, I didnt know you went on the Anthropology majors camping trip! I kind of stood there, confused for a minute. She flips her screen around, and sure enough, a girl who looks EXACTLY like me is sitting on a log surrounded by other students in a forest, grinning ear to ear. Shes wearing this weird tank top with a batik print and holding a journal. I tried my best to stay calm and explain to her that I had never seen that photo before and had never even been camping. She looked confused and pointed to the caption at the bottom, where the students names are all posted. Sure enough, in between ELIZA HENSON and MCALL PARK is SUMMER, followed by my last name. I couldnt believe it. I walked back into my dorm, and as I went to lay back down in bed, I noticed a picture frame on my bedside table that wasnt there before. And I swear to God, its the same photo Abigail had just shown me. Thirteen college students sitting on logs in the forest, smiling, wearing outdoorsy outfits. The only difference in this photo is that the girl smiling ear to ear and holding the journal has no face. Its scribbled out harshly in thick Sharpie. 
Guys, Im freaking out. I have no clue who this girl is. According to the college, she doesnt exist. And yet, there are photos of her, and people know her, but she doesnt exist. I think she may be stalking me, and Im terrified. I dont know how she got that photograph into my dorm room, and it freaks me out to think why she would have scribbled out my face. And how "Ez" got my phone number? I have no idea what to do. I have all these thoughts running through my head and I need to get a hold of things. This is all so unfamiliar and I just want to go back home. PLEASE HELP 




