 To keep calm I breathe in through my nose and slowly exhale through my mouth for about 15 seconds, makes me feel at ease and makes me laugh about whatever it was I was getting stressed about. I know it seems small and stupid but it really works.

When my nana died I just tried going for runs with music playing and tried be around people as much as possible to help move on. It worked quite well. 




 Was one I did when I was bored and was nothing more than childish but I gave out 2 notes on asking people to call back "Mr C Lyon" and "Mr G Raff" The number I gave them was for a zoo. Childish but made me chuckle watching them on the phone 




 Hot wheels cars, they were just badass 




 Don't know if already posted but I'll go with James Bond shooting the camera and the blood trickling down  




 Martian Manhunter, should have had one from the off with the new 52 launch 




 Being interested in physics and SPAAAACCCEEEE!!! Not even at school this either this is where I work at now. 




 Go to songs are duality by slipknot and how you like me now by the heavy. Go to band is either AC/DC, Audioslave or Alice in Chains 




 Batman vs t'challa (black panther) 




 Kryptonite

But in all seriousness a picture of a scary clown/IT would make me break down. Went to a circus once and had to leave when the clowns started coming into the audience 




 Prison break. First season was brilliant then it just went horrible 




 Just wear a green lantern ring and make sure you have a blue lantern close by just in case 




 No matter how dark the night gets, the sun still rises in the morning 




 The smiley gang. They were around an area where apparently they got kids and slashed their faces (like the jokers) Obviously everyone believed it even when there was not one person walking around with any scars like that (myself included)

This was in Manchester  




 It. Penny wise the fucking clown. Scared of clowns because of this  




 Toy Story 3. It's when the little girl picks up Woody and makes him wave to Andy that got me 




 All it takes is one bad day to reduce the sanest man alive to lunacy. Thats how far the world is from where I am. Just one bad day. You had a bad day once, am I right?

The Joker 




 R2D2  




 Man utd vs bayern Munich 1999 champions league final. The last 3 minutes I nearly collapsed. Just look at the bayern players to see the devastation. 




