 Shaefers flavor doesn't fade, even when your thirst is done!Ahhh, the good old days. 




 If I have to choose strictly from my childhood,Pong, 




 Yessss! A fellow Boogerman fan! If you have a wii you can find this in the classic games section. 




 Pirates gold was the first game to make me lose track of entire days. 




 Great game! Bought the sega collection cd just for that! 




 The original Warcraft,Pirates gold and Road rash.Ahhh, those were the joys of my early middle age years! 




 Loved that game and recently found it available for ps3,having a ball! 




 TROTTER! 




 Kalimba! 




 HA!HA!
 




  Forget the tax aspect, and ask a less fortunate freind if they could use a car.If they say Yes, just give it away and you earn some respect in your comunity. If they say no just junk it for weight. Either way you will do better than getting involved with the Gov. or bogus charities. 




 SUHWEEET! 




 Large knife a swiss blade mated to a handlle I whittled from the branch of a chesnut tree. Two hidden pins On the inside are sawed ends of drill bits. Raw hide wraps on the out side.Crack in the handle came from throwing this into the kitchen wall about  1000 times,balace is perfect.
Small knife is an old hacksaw blade worked with a file and the handle whittled from a 100 year old maple that blew down in my yard.One hidden pin sawed from a drill bit and the bolster is cast like an old time knife but with epoxy and coal dust for color. 









 You can use a hand gun against a half dozen crooks with automatic weapons and not think about  picking up the better weapon of the guy you just killed.
 




 18 Year olds getting killed for the profit of others=BULLSHIT! 




 Amen Brother.
 




 Full size Hattori chef knife
 




 For the price of 10 crap knives, you can buy a good knife. Lesson well learned.
 




 Great knife, good companion to the scallion 




 Lone Wolf makes some very nice knives,good score
 




 75,000,000,000,000 up-votes for you.That show disgusts me and I wonder how the stars that had to work their way up feel about it.  




 Fuck you. 




 The duck is better than the scary pharmacuticals. 




 In the 80's  worked  with alot of African, Turkish, and Afgan people who were brought here by the US goverenment as a reward for helping fight against the Russians.I have never seen a more patriotic group of people in my life. More so than Americans. They all got Fucked.
 




 FREAK! 




 So nice to see a president who doesn't have a stick shoved up his ass 




 Ha ha! you are right,we used to live fast and dangerous,now we live slow and predictable 









 I like a combination of both.Albany NY had Mason and Shean in the 80's,best morning show ever. My biggest peeve are the "DJ's" who are just hired to run play lists and have no clue about music at all. 




 Ha Ha!  Probably should have put this on Creepy,but trolling the comments was fun! 




 Not at all Dr. Shit face! 




 Sorry will try to post mutilated genitalia from now on. 




 Hitchcock 




 This is from last spring. I had said to my wife the red wing Black birds had not come back yet.
One week later this pic, and not just this tree, every tree in our yard. Creepy!
 









 I also drink shitty beer and I love this ad! 




 Acceptable to swear. George Carlin started this patriotic movement years ago with the 7 deadly words. 









 Saw this live back in the day .Made me tear up,still does.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CBShoN2bhA 









 Those new shows are horrible,same old jokes told by old woman,gay guy, ethnic person,you name it,and the corps are afraid I will pirate this garbage? 




 Oh yeah 




 Mosanto= evil incarnate. 




 I agree.They are good for light duty though. 




 Pure Komachi series by Kershaw.Made in Japan,discontinued but you can still find them.Don't bother with Pure Komachi2 series,those are Chinese junk. 




 http://www.worldknives.com/products/linder-crown-stag-miniature-hunting-knife-nr-566705-2874.html 



















 All the Bat man movies. 




 Nothing to cringe at here.He is a sweet animal and well mannered.She takes him traveling with her and her boy friend and he enjoys that.As in most cases, if there is a problem it is the fault of the owner not the animal. 




 Not just the body.He built the frame,suspension and just about everything else 














 He is half German shepard and half arctic wolf. My friend has the pics of his parents and all the documentation on him.She got him from a Specialized breeder. He does not look to humans first,he goes about his buisiness until you get his attention,a definate trait of wolfs.Thanks for the interest he's not mine but he is the most awesome dog I know. 



















 You are the reason I like dogs more than people. 




 Giant dildo under sink...lol! 









 Love that trick! 




 They are beutiful knives. 




 Just want to add that my dream knife is a Hattori 




 Love my Douk-Douk! 




 Great post,thanks.I'm a chef and love all kinds of knives,At work I've used Dexters,Victorinox,Chicago,ect. for 35 years and I would say these are more than enough for the average person.At home I keep a set of Shuns in a bamboo "shrine" on the wall and only use them for special occasions.My workaday home knives are  kershaw Pure Komachi series.These were made in Japan and are wonderfull light duty blades but don't confuse them with Pure Komachi2 which are Chinese junk.
 




 Have one just like it and it is my baby. 




 Hor devours! 




 City bus driver jams on brakes and stops,"F*ck this,f*ck this,I have f*cking had it!",Leaves bus still running in the middle of the road.Last seen running down side street.Way to funny and it turns out I know his dad! He is a spoiled little prick. 









 One of my favorite songs,still relevent 30 some years later.3 Thumbs up!!! 




 Yeah I know... Challenging 




 Ha Ha! That did not take long,checked spelling with my wife,she said I should run back and change it before I got busted! 









 Love this! 









 Nieto picnic knife.This is a cool little (about 2" closed) knife.Olive wood scales and AN-58 blades and much decorative work.Fit and finish are not perfect(slight buffer burn on the corner of one scale) but very nice.Build is very tight and solid.Edge needs a bit of stropping to shave hair.Mine came with a very tiny nick in one side of the edge but I think it was just one of those things as the rest of the knife is so tightly built.Not a deal breaker for me.Custom made collector quality? No. Cool little piece of jewelery for about $40 bucks?Oh yeah! 




 Ok,back as promised.From the top down:
Kizlyar U-5:These are hand made in Russia,my #1 favorite.
Helle HE30:This is a work of art,outstanding fit and finish.heavy duty blade is razor sharp,could stand up to hard use.
Lone Wolf U.S.45:Nice utility knife,hand checkered rosewood scales.
CRKT Fulcrum:Nice unusual knife,fun to play with.
SOG Mini Vulan:Love the look of this one,Tight build, solid lock up.
Kershaw double something:Classic pattern with thumb studs and unique single liner lock.
Nieto picnic knife:I like this little piece of jewelery,more on a seperate comment.
Kershaw Scallion:Best pocket knife ever,I use this about 500 times a day. 




 Thanks for the likes,all.Will be back on this afternoon with some details.
 









 Love that song,puts me in a mellow mood.
 




 Try looking here.
http://www.worldknives.com/goldclub.php 









 Birds gotta fly,fish gotta fry. 




 Took a cab ride in Manhattan one time and the driver seemed angry.
I thought he must be having a bad day,so when we arrived I paid the fare
plus 150% tip and said "Thanks man". With a move that would have made Bruce Lee proud he snatched the money from my hand,then looked me straight in the eye and said "Thank yourself mufukka!".
 









 Caravan palace 




 This week on TLC: Toddlers and tri-pod machine guns,starring Honey boom-boom! 




 Disregarding the time Factor,Foggy mountain break down by Flatt Scruggs for the fall then 21st century schizoid man by King Crimson for the chute. 




 WhOOOOOOOOOA BUNNNDYYY!
 




 When I,m caught talking to myself, I just say that I needed an expert opinion. 









 Better cancer,aids treatment.
Cheaper energy.
Faster cheaper broad band.
You name it,the list goes on and on.
Buy a bulk pack of old fashioned good news twin blade razors,they last forever.Those dual pod quasi action 9 bladed turbo razors are only designed to shave your wallet. 




 Hitler was such a hot head,that bacon should be crisp.
Photo shop. 




 AAAAAAMen 









 Every time I do this I just get Slapped,WTF! 




 Gus from Lonesome Dove. 




 Love old school movies. 









 Thanks for the comment! got this guy from ASPCA and he was a mess.
So afraid of everything,he would sink to the ground and visibley tremble.
 




 A rescue dog,he used to tremble in fear.
 









 Karl Rove. 




 Another pararsite liveing off others.Makes me sick. 




 Ha ha! sounds catholic. 




 1962=pig,2011=snouts and hoofs+meat glue+chemestry set. 




 Actual lol,excellent!
 




