 I con't belieb dat. 




 I con't belieb dat. 




 I think I'm finally going to get around to animating The Victor Podcast. 




 I'd always known it as fast five, fast and furious six and furious 7.  




 Another other podcast appearance was an episode of Harmentown he appeared on. Another example of him showing up, being hilarious and just getting on with everybody.  




 You make a 3D model of the whole set though couldn't you? It would take a lot of work but you could. 




 Wait so they used the same title sequence for 6 and 7? Why??? I liked the fact each was different. 




 Haha, oh no. I wonder how I got so many Swedish subscribers in the first place. Now I've lost them all.  




 [Sorry,] (http://www.boards.ie/vbulletin/showthread.php?p=77421375) it doesn't seem to be available here. I may buy some Swedish food next time I'm in IKEA though and try it in a video.  




 Two people at most normally. 




 What? I'm not even going to try understand this. 




 Thanks! How bad was my speaking at the end? 









 Thank you. I still haven't listened to all of Hollywood Handbook. I'm still in 2013 on my backlog so I'm only listening to The Reality Show Show from them right now. 




 What is this reference, I've seen it all over the sub? 




 Yeah, you can show a naked doodle of a skeleton woman but not a normal woman. 




 It was the Zooks! 




 Crack. 




 Or his own p-cast/podcasting. 




 I guess PFT just dropped in for a few minutes.  




 hope? 




 I normally use this in the summer when people are on but I have two weeks off school now and no one goes on this during the year so I have nowhere to go. 




 It sounds like that actually... went.. pretty well. Don't question it when things go well. 




 [Staring into your soul.](http://imgur.com/ZKPUihN) 




 Congratulations! Do you have a link to the film? I'd love to check it out. I was just in a film festival the other week. It was amazing. 




 Here, we can always use calculators. Is there certain questions where you have to show you didn't use one? 




 This is so cool. Not long left to vote too. It was really interesting learning about all of the different stuff. I think I may have voted for too many things to even make a difference! 




 Thanks I hope so. I have exactly a year today to get my film portfolio for college ready! 




 I really hate season 3 Abed, he's extremely frustrating. He seems more disconnected from reality than at the start.  




 I didn't win anything for it so my family seem to assume I'm upset but it was so great to see it in the cinema I don't really care. I just really wanted to share how happy I am with you guys. Have ye accomplished anything that you thought would be a life long goal?

[This] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7GakCW6MWY)  is the film if any of you are interested in watching by the way. It's not very long or very good but I enjoyed making it a lot.
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7GakCW6MWY) 




 Yeah but that was the last creepy non-human thing he did right? 




 It seems pretty obvious that Abed has actually changed a lot since the start of the series, something that wasn't that obvious in series 3. Now he smiles and laughs a lot more and seems to have developed a very serious relationship with Annie. With Troy it never felt like he was really friends with him and understood what that meant but now Abed has grown a lot.

I can't wait to see how much he changes in the future season/seasons.  




 Maybe the movie will be about the group travelling back in time and placing the Greendale flag in a bunch of places. 




 First time I heard a character in CBB, I had no idea it was character for so long and I was freaked out I hadn't heard of this city if big people. Listening to it now I feel so stupid. 




 Question. I wear headphones a lot but listen at an extremely low level. Does this make the chances of this happening much lower or is it about the constant noise more than the volume? 




 Thank you so much! 




 I've heard mention of a podcast or commentary type thing for the show. I've done some googling but I can't find it. Can anyone explain what it is? 




 I did the title different for each one so at least one would be right. 









 In the bar they meet an Americian man. He's pleased to meet them and introduces them to a Spanish man and a German man. There is a Mexician man nearby but he's too nervous to introduce himself. 

The six men decide to get a drink from the bartender who is a French man. Once seated together they begin to tell stories of their home countries, explain their cultures and their ways. The German man decided to head into the bathroom because he's quite thirsty. This subject confuses the Irishman, the Englishman and the Scottishman for they have never gone to the bathroom when thirsty before. The Americian man, the Spanish man and the German man laugh for this practise is very common in this bar.

All six head into the bathroom, inside there is an Africian man. The Americian man, the Spanish man and the German man begin to suck the blood out of the Africian man. The Africian man screams. Eventually all of the men join in. 

After a few minutes the shy Mexician man wanders in and says "Is there any room for a little Mexician to suck some of this Africian mans blood."

The American man says "Sure what shall we build around this man."
And then the English man says "Fencing." 




 Hasn't it been used way more recently than that? I remember Dan did it like twice in a recent show. 




 Yes, that's it! His craziness is so much better when he's not all in your face about it. 




 Chang was so good throughout both episodes. I really liked him during season 5 too right up until near the end. Chang as a villain is so much worse. 




 Jonathan Banks didn't make it in last year. I think they like to wait a year before putting them in. 




 As anyone from outside the U.S. gotten one? 














