 That really does look like some end of the world shit...black skies and pillars of smoke everywhere. 









 Congrats! It's such a good feeling to go from a closet overflowing with stuff you never wear to a nice streamlined set of clothes. 




 Congrats and welcome! 




 Did you try taking out all the batteries including the backup battery? 




 Congrats! 




 For some reason I always thought a dermal pouch would be awesome. Like I could just carry my keys and phone where my appendix used to be. 




 Hey that was the dictionary.com word of the day a few weeks ago! 




 I think you can but you have to train them to get used to it. Due to their herding instinct they will try to nip and herd you when you run. This makes them a bit of a tripping hazard :) 




 Wow no idea this was a thing. Thanks...? 




 Well if they couldn't find it here in America, I'm glad they found it in Australia.  Couldn't have happened to a nicer bunch of gents. 




 That's a pretty bad ass backdrop to walk away from... 




 Threads of Fate? 




 Trebled? 




 God this is so true...everyday I have the same plan when I get home: workout, clean/do dishes, and get to bed early at 9.

And every night it's usually the same: eat something unhealthy, dick around on reddit for a few hours and then fall asleep at midnight... 




 It almost sounds like "Oh Yeah" by Yello, from the Ferris Bueller movie: 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OG_6CopW9GQ  




 Opera huh? It's not Flower Duet by Delibes is it?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Qx2lMaMsl8 

Yanni also made a song based on the melody called "Aria"

 




 If you really want a challenge, I read about a no-junction challenge on gamefaqs that seems pretty damn crazy...

...but if you want to use all the game mechanics, maybe just limit which magics you use to junction. Like maybe only junction the basic level (fire, thunder) and avoid all the third-level (thundaga, etc.). Also stay away from triple and ultima and other crazy-powerful spells. 




 For some reason I always liked "Throw Stone" from Final Fantasy Tactics. It just felt like something I would do if I ended up in a battle somehow; just pick up a rock and chuck at someone. 

Though I also liked Cloud's cross-slash limit in VII...damage + stop was a nice combo. 




 Even though I'm a dude, I always connected with Tifa. I think I've usually got good intentions and feel responsible for those around me no matter what I do. And I liked that she was always trying to cheer everyone up when things got tough. 
 




 Gya haa haa! 




 I liked 8 and my little bro like 9, so there you go. Probably up to personal tastes.

I'd say 8 has a higher learning curve on figuring out how the junction system works, but I thought the story was better. 9 is more old-school in gameplay and probably easier to pick up from the get-go. 




 I played XIII and just got the sequel. I liked Lightning as a character and that's about it. I think XII got a little too "out there" for me in terms of story and gameplay. I'm all for fantastical elements, but I summon Sazh's eidolon and it's a flying race car...what the fuck?

I think the battle system had potential but the story and gameplay just weren't there for me. 




 When I played Kirby I never knew you could push down and swallow the enemies to gain their power. I just thought the only purpose of swallowing them was to spit them back out, which I thought was weird because you could do that with air puffs anyway.. 




 I was think the same thing. What person would intentionally write "I'm a big fucking pussy" in his own paper? 




 Music was great too 




 A sturdy backpack that fits into carry-on. Pack clothing that can be layered like t-shirts,  a fleece,  and a wind breaker. 




 Libertarian  




 That's pretty sweet, thanks for posting. I also thought it was like a little black box with the green-on-black vector graphics on a small screen. 

I also thought that the Braun robot looked like a little coffeepot... 




 For some reason I always thought it would be cool to be Mayor Domino from FF7. Since Shinra runs everything, he just gets to hang out in his library all day and do whatever he wants, but he still gets to be the Mayor. 




 Same here! That made sense to me since my dog just gets to sleep all day and I give him food and treats for free, while 90% of the world has to go work at a shit job just to scrape by. 




 They're doing some interesting work here in Minnesota: 

http://www.d.umn.edu/llo/ 

http://lrc.geo.umn.edu/laccore/

Maybe they can set up a partnership between MN/Ontario like they did to bring the lake sturgeon back? 




 Upvote for the Gopher pants 




 Do you think the US will hit the fiscal cliff, and if so, what impact will that have on the global economy?  




 We lived together for a while before we were married so actually the first year of marriage wasn't all that different. But I actually think it's gotten better over time (married 3 years now, been together for 7). It takes a while to get to really know each others quirks and habits, but I feel like we're closer now than ever.  




 Our honeymoon and vacations to cool places were great, but honestly the best experience is just little things everyday we do together. Like yesterday we made french toast and sat at the table and read the paper together, laughing at stupid things we found in all the ads.  




 By the time you're 22 you don't talk to or care about any of the people you went to high school with, so stop trying so hard to impress everyone.  




 Stop worrying about what everyone thinks about you and trying to be "cool" for your friends or anyone else for that matter.  




 This sums it up. No matter how good you think it would feel to just ditch them, you would only be screwing yourself in the future. Never burn bridges and try to make good relationships. You would be surprised how often you end up relying on them in the future.  




 Totally agree. I'm a big supporter of open source everything, but in my work-life, I rely on Word, Excel, PPT, and others for 90% of the stuff I do. And MS has always be good to us whenever we have questions or problems.  




 Man, I'm only 28 but I feel like an old man seeing calculator games like that. Back in my day we just had breakout and snake on our TI-83's and we were happy with it. 




 It would be hard to narrow it down to just one...but I have a soft spot for the original Age of Empires soundtrack. 

Shadow of Colossus is another great one.  




 3 was my favorite by far. The bosses, the music, the ability to slide... 




 I've always loved the idea of an inner courtyard. 




 I think it was every time I would travel or move, I would realize that I was hauling a ton of stuff that I never used. Like I had boxes of books that I hadn't read in years, but every time I would move, I'd have to box them up and lug them to wherever I was going.

Finally I just decided to look at what I used every single day, and pare down my belongings to just those.  




 Working out- I have one set of adjustable dumbbells and a bench that folds, so it all stores under my bed. 

TV/Movies/Video games- All on my Xbox, which is hooked up to my tv. I used to have a lot of systems and wires everywhere, but sold/donated most to just have the Xbox set up. Also started playing on my phone rather than having to carry a separate handheld like a PSP.

Reading/learning- Library card for books, and I also go to Project Gutenberg to get free ebooks for my phone.  




 It might be slow to take off now, but I bet we will see a lot more place like this in the future as the climate gets more unpredictable. They have indoor beaches like this in Japan and indoor ski slopes in Dubai. 




 Thank you for posting, those shots are great. 




 That's really great, nice work. 




 The longer I live, the more I realize that this is 100% true. 




 That....looks awesome 




 Fuck it, have an American upvote. 




 For the Swarm! 




 I volunteered at a hospital and if we needed security we would page "Dr. Strongman" on the overhead.  




 Thank you for your service, idagernyr.

I'm heading to Kandahar city next month for some civilian work. The problem is my company is cheap and so I'm only budgeted to stay in local hotels, use local transportation, fly through the civil airport etc. What do you think of the ground situation in Kandahar city? 




 I have to go to Afghanistan next month for some civilian work. I'm actually excited about most of the trip, but I have to spend a good chunk of time working in Kandahar city, and am a bit worried about that. My company is only budgeting for "local" provisions, so I'm staying in local hotels, local taxis, no escorts, no military access, etc.   




 I totally agree with you on the Sears catalog! My wife didn't even know what I was talking about when I told her.  




 As an American I support it (so long as it is democratically agreed upon by both sides of course.) I think America is really more than just a country, it is an idea. It was formed by people from a variety of countries, religions, and languages who came together for the freedom to live the way they wanted. If both parties want this, then I say the more the merrier :) 




 Thank you for making an awesome movie. 




 Wow, she cannot look bad even if she tries.  




 I went to a Catholic school and Sister Lust was one of the nuns... 




 Secretary of Energy Steven Chu won the Nobel for his work in laser cooling.  




 Secretary of Energy Steven Chu won the Nobel for his work in laser cooling.  




 Agreed! Why did they stop? 




 Probably a napkin. I always get appetizers on napkins at parties and can't find anywhere to throw them away so I just wad them up. 




 Man that takes me back...i think we had all of them
.
 




 How does it feel to sleep on a bed made of money? I always wondered... 




 Ha, love it. 




