 Isaiah 45:7: I form the light, and create darkness: I make peace, and create evil: I the LORD do all these things

Exodus 32:14 And the LORD repented of the evil which he thought to do unto his people

Judges 9:23 Then God sent an evil spirit

Jeremiah 45:5 behold, I will bring evil upon all flesh, saith the LORD:

Jeremiah 49:37 I will bring evil upon them, even my fierce anger, saith the LORD; and I will send the sword after them, till I have consumed them:

Micah 1:12 . evil came down from the LORD

Micah 2:3 Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, against this family do I devise an evil

Exodus 22:29-30 You shall not delay to offer from the fullness of your harvest and from the outflow of your presses. The first-born of your sons you shall give to me. You shall do likewise with your oxen and with your sheep: seven days it shall be with its dam; on the eighth day you shall give it to me.

Ezekiel 20:25-26 Moreover I gave them statutes that were not good and ordinances by which they could not have life; and I defiled them through their very gifts in making them offer by fire all their first-born, that I might horrify them; I did it that they might know that I am the LORD.

 




 What a softie.... 




 Well, one country is moving in the right direction. 




 Or you are just eating lunch...
 




 Maybe the sign is just being sarcastic? 




 Why didn't he thank Jehovah for allowing this to occur in the first place?

If this shit happened to me, and I believed in god, my faith would quickly diminish. 




 Good idea, however, there isn't even a letter c 




 I am pretty sure that science, an the technology that came with it has changed more people's lives than religion...

 




 Yeah, shows the ignorance of these people... 




 Stop trying to shelter the kids... This school is bullshit, it was all about how religion was used...

Funny, how in sixth grade we know about sex, drugs, and we sure as hell studied hitler 7 years ago.... 




 What bullshit is this? Miley shouldn't even be considered for it.... Great influence on little girls...  




 That made my day 




 I believe that if you cannot work, due to health implications, or inability to find one, you should get some taxpayer assistance 




 http://www.hoaxorfact.com/Pranks/nasa-finds-message-from-god-on-mars-hoax-analysis.html 




 Blood seeker doesn't need a buff? He has the potential to kill anyone I played correctly....  




 No, the real name isn't a requirement, or an issue. You have no clue what you are talking about. The issue is it deletes your avatar, subscriptions, and allows spammers to spam mercilessly. 




 Videos that were live streamed dont have the new commenting system, yet. 




 I am not the only one with this issue. I have heard complaints from many people on YouTube. 




 1. Links are now enabled to be posted on comments. Yes, you have been able to post links by changing symbols etc. however, those links were harder to use, and less people used them. Now, comments are a Stewart to spreading RATS.
2. Comments no longer have a character limit. Although you can now better voice your opinions, and bring out your argument in one comment instead of four, there is a lot more spam that comes with this system.
3. Top comments aren't relevant. The only way that top comments are deemed relevant to the video, is through google. Here is a good example: http://i.imgur.com/3YS2RmA.png
4. Google+ deleted subscriptions and profile picture(s). When you add an account, feel free to resub to all of your subscriptions,because "upgrading" deleted all those.
5. Google+ is an extra hassle to the simple commenting system we had In the past. Google has failed to address the flaws in the previous system, an ha created more weak points I. The recent update. 




 It doesn't work because it is worse than the old system. You have bots posting links now, and these links are-- I'm assuming viruses. The comments no longer have a character limit, which just brings a.whole new level to the spam.

All the replies aren't hooked together. Honestly, reddit has the best system for comments, communication wise. 




 Why would I be happy that someone is attempting to force me to do something I don't want to? 




 The new comment system is flawed and worse than before. Why the fuck is it a good idea to allow bots to spam virus links, why is it a good idea to allow unlimited character comments? The idiots that came up with this should be hurt. 




 What fucking clowns idea was it to allow links to be posted in comments? What moron decided unlimited character comments were ever a fucking good idea? 

The new update isn't helping communicate, because its a shirt way of displaying the comments, and it fails.

I don't even have to complain about google-. That's a whole nother pile of shit. 




 They are a nice way to communicate.  




 Why are you rain washed into thinking communism is horrible? 




 Or they could have just left the comments like they were  




 No, he should be executed  




 I'm not worried... They sunk their own ship during a drill...
 




 We have been researching shit for cancer, for years, and we have yet to find a cure... I don't see what the problem is with providing our country with a way to get out of the monopoly that the ISPs have...  




 Hey guys! I have finally been found :D 




 We have setup a DarkRP server! Search "pfg" in the DarkRP category of servers. Look for the name "!pfg" and connect!

Features:

Great staff members
Fair rules
Great looking GUI
Downtown map


Play your role!
 














 Welcome to Real-RPG The new generation of roleplaying

Donator Rewards list: http://real-rpg.enji...donator-rewards
Welcome to the server. I am train_subject9554, I help every player whenever I can, trying to make their minecraft expirience the best. On our server we feature maximum anti-grief, Builders, and police. We are trying to overcome the dying servers of minecraft. A lot of minecraft servers out there, are well.... Shit, hosted on peoples computers, not on a professional companies computer, with maximum connection. We offer 24 Hour server service, and you can play anytime. We hope you come and join us =)

Rules:

1.) No griefing

2.) No spamming

3.) Respect others

4.) No hacks of any kind

5.) No cheats of any kind



Mechanics:

Living:

When you join, you are given a large amount of choices, and you must live like you do in real life. When you first login, you will be able to greet others etc. First you must get a place to live, there are apartments and hotels in the spawn town, or you can go into the wild and make your own house.







Drugs:

The secret word is lol. Admins are the FBI agents, they, and Police (mods) will work together to make drug busts. The current drugs are mushrooms, and sugarcanes. After you are caught with drugs, you will be sent to a probation officer every week. The probation officers are advanced Police officers, which manage all the players that have been caught with drugs.






:
Companies/Jobs

This is going to be long, as there is a lot to explain. When you join, you have the opportunity to look for an employer. More advanced employers have a prefix made for the company, and have the company prefix color. To have this, the employers must have donated $5 or more. The employers are your managers etc. They will pay you to do their companies job. Each company is a supplier, unless you are a store. If you are a store company, for ex. Walmart, you can make stores, and pay the supplying companies, money for their stock. When you pay the company, the employer pays his employees, this is what runs our server. You can chose from the following to make your company:

1.) Store

2.) Farming co.

3.) Mining co.

4.) Fishing co.

and any other resource gathering/selling companies. You can make blacksmiths etc, what ever jobs you find in real life you can make.








Towns:

Towns must have a theme, a town without a theme will not exist. Each theme has to be someone similar to the towns it is near. There should never be a medival town, near a futuristic town. Default towny stuff...
To join the server:

1.) Post your IGN on the thread (optional, if you do you get $1000)

2.) Login

Ip:199.188.100.163:25575

Owner: train_subject9554 

 




 199.188.100.163:25575


Come join us for an expirience of safe survival you will never forget. We have jokes, cookies, anti-grief, and anti-cheats. Come join us, the one and only, Real-RPG 




 Any comments? 




 Want to join a server, that not only does hungergames, but also lets you play? A 99% player run economy? Companies? Real life like jobs?

199.188.100.163:25575 




