 emm I'll have a look :) please post here to get the community going :) thanks for the interest, I'll look for the seeds now. PC/XBLA? 




 Whoever said that looks like a penis has a pretty fucked up pair of balls 




 Hey r/minecraft, 
I recently made a new sub for players and fans of Survival Island. There you can post seeds/stories/links and posts related to the Survival Island style of playing Minecraft. You can also post sets of Goals/Objectives to be completed in game.

It's only a new sub, So it will need admins/moderators, but most of all it needs a community, There isn't much on it now, but hopefully we can kick it off soon, So any Survival Island fans on r/Minecraft, Let's get this community off the ground 3

www.reddit.com/r/survivalisland 




 awesome! 




 1. Build a minecart rail
2. Craft TNT
3. Construct a watch tower at least 15 blocks high
4. Get Diamonds.
5. Build a fireplace using netherrack and brick. (stone/clay)
5. Create a full set of iron armor.
6. Build a tree house :D
7. Start a farm, 6 plants minimum.
8. Craft Red wool, Blue wool and Orange Wool
9. Enchant a chestplate 
10. Build a harbour

Feel free to play on hardcore ;)
best of luck!! :) 




 NnnnnnnnnDEEEERP ....Nnnnnnnnn....DEEEERP 




 It's the 666 retweets  



















 So uh...I see your "report" succeeded... :) 




 whatever, It's only a post :) 




 haha how? 



















 This has more than likely been brought up before, but I would really like to see different colored beds in the the game, Eg. The normal bed recipe with green wool = bed with green sheets. They recently did something similar, different color planks of wood. I think it would be a nice feature in the game.  




 atheist bro-fist 









 Fair point, and I fully respect your opinion, but I mean 2 million is a huge number of subs, surely they're doing something right 




 You sir, are a genius! That's exactly where he took it. down by the Blackwater diving thing. He won a few awards for it, my favourite of his 
























 Life complete +1 









 Oh, thank you :) 




 Blatantly a fan of melons? 




 Emmm Im not sure but if it comes down to it, melons,cactuses and leaf blocks will look well from a distance :) 




 Its a button 




 Nice build 




 Dat ass 




 For when digging clay and other multiple drop items 




 Spuds 




 Notice how the girl on the right's bicep doesnt change for 18 years  




 This is like the Minecraft version of Nothing To Declare 




 AAAAAAAAAAWHHHHH  
























 Ah so you don't know of r/birdswitharms? Allow me to play you the song of my people 




 Ndurak a Ndurak a Ndurak, Ndurak a Ndurak a Ndurak, Ndurak a Ndurak a new NA NA NA 









 That my friend is a Borg Starship 




 Sigh, another war caused by religion  




 I love how he pretends to not be aware of half the things he's built and how they work 




 I love how he pretends to not be aware of half the things he's built and how they work 




 Either John Smith or Dokucraft :) 









 So he eat his face? 




 This is horrible 









 To Isengard! 




 Uncalled for 




 Why would I want to humiliate myself 




 Dude it's not me 









 I didn't see anything wrong with it... 









 that's what she said 




 Valentino! 




 That is a bitch ass amount of redstone 




 or a typical fly mod
 









 Yeah that would be good if, especially if night is falling and you can't find a village 




 Yeah, I think this one is around 1.3/1.4 which is more than a year ago 




 That sounds really really cool Hahaha :) 




 :) Thank you, it's the right thing to do for something of so much effort and time  




 that's a brilliant strategy :) I will try that myself :) 




 No problem :) 




 Ah but the bed is featured, indicating that this relativity map is of at least Beta 1.3 




 Night is on its way, but do you dig down and sleep off the night in a dingy 3x3 dirt hole, or do you dash to a village and sleep safe inside the warm walls of a house? 




 Buuuuuurn 




 Precisely ;) 




 Haha I didn't make it, I found the image a long while ago and decided to share it, credit to the original creator, must have taken him ages 




 Yep, sheep can naturally spawn in pink, very rare, but yep, they can 




 This is only a prototype after all, Perhaps in the future there will be an improved and updated version :) 




 Yes, unfortunately :'( 




 I fucking love you guys hahahaha 




 I agree 




 Hmmm, I can't remember the original source as I've had this image for about a month, But I would recommend a Google Image search for 'minecraft relativity diagram'. I will have a look around for you and link one to you if I find a bigger version ::) 




 Knew you guys would love it ;) 




 Yeah, imagine all the cut and paste and stuff, credit to the guy 









 Cause y'know, everybody drives boats 




 Precisely 




 Fuck 














 Dude the one on the far right is mine :p 









 Hahaha TAKE ALL THE PUPPIES! 



















 Ahhh if only we actually had girlfriends... 














 TO THE KRANKENWAGEN! 


































 Are you trypophobic? 














 My best was this island hospital build, took me a while but the island base was amazing and the build itself a great addition to my collection.  What's the greatest/coolest set you've had the most fun building? :) 




 More!!!!!  




 Makes you almost want to lose a leg 









 Wow this again? 









 Im one of the few people who find this hilarious.  Upvote 4 u 




 He was with Ian Taylor promoting a headphones brand, he was delighted :) 




 Ouch! 




 He was actually so nice about it! We were talking for a while about soccer and what team I supported and Martin O'Neill and what not. He was sound!  




 That seems to be a picture of Galway City 














 I can't wait. 









 Dratini irl 




 Some humans are so OP. Wow what an artist 









 Basically porn 




 That is just a pure tease 




 Oh come on that's just teasing!!! 














 There is definitely a dick on the $100 









 Jeeeeeesus :( 




 Personally, the posts on this sub intrigue me, but are they some people out there, maybe even on this sub, that get off on this stuff? 




 Maybe it's because I'm not a gun-crazed American, but I don't get how this is on the front page 
























 Im just staring at the middle aged woman in the background 









 The fuck? 




 Nope, panorama shot on my S3. Hard to get it pixel perfect cause I had to move my hands, I have other pictures if you want extra proof  




 Thanks man 




 I did a panorama photo on my S3, so I had to move my phone to get the whole thing, hard to get it pixel perfect :) 




 County Wicklow 









 Anyone else have no idea what is actually going on? 




 Hello Michael. I want to play a game. 




 It's so refreshing to see something that looks awesome in the default texture pack 









 Could be a tegenaria atrica?  




 How long that take to happen KalTheory89? 




 EDIT: A. Versicolors are my favourite so woukd that be a good first timer? 




 I live in Ireland and looking for a low maintenance spider thats easy to handle and is calm. Average room temperature around here is 21ยบ celsius which I think is around 60/70 F. I dont want to splash out the cash on a heater as I just want a low maintenance spider. What would be a good suggestion for an absolute beginner? And should I raise from a spiderling? 




 Never heard of them 




  I have been handling spiders I find for a while and havent been bitten. As far as I know they're so small the bite is painless and not noticeable 




 Thanks,  great answer. Georgina it is! 




 Answer: Quite simply, There are no big insects on the Emerald Isle! 




 How do you differentiate between male and female spiders? 









 Greg 









 The hand marathon: The greatest and most playful spider activity known to man, the worst known to arachnids 









 "Fun with Mortality" ...Huh 




 I know, I hate when someone's leg blocks your view of the masturbating local 




 This would make a beautiful .gif 




 Patience....glue 




 Could be a recluse, That shit is dangerous 




 Its ok, the NSA will remember for us. 




 Nah, she looks about 16 to me 




 I agree great story, That's what the spirit of a spiderbro is all about!  




 Great answer, this really cleared it up. 




 From hearing all these heartwarming fables and tales of arachnid loyalty and bravery, I really want a spiderbro. Thing is where I live, Ireland, there isn't any big guys out in the wild. The biggest wild spiders you get here have a body the size of a large pea, and that's no exaggeration. I had a spiderbro once when I was young, Unnamed but valiant and the time has come where I want a watchful guardian, who protects me from the pesky flies of irish summer, a spiderbro like Viktor, or Gustav, a brave companion to stand tall for the summer months, but all the big busters (pea bodies) are nowhere to be seen. Anyone know how to attract a house/bath spider? (Bath spider is what I've always called them, as they always climb up the drains and chill) This would be a big help as I'm allegeric to most insect repellents, which is ironic. Thanks guys. 




 Oh my god this is so beautiful :') RIP Spiderbro 




 Most of you guys here own an arachnid so I'd just like to know why I see a lot of dead spiders on their backs with their legs curled in. 




 I kept watching this when I realised it looks like there's a dick on his shirt 




 'A metric shit-ton' is my new favourite phrase 




 Ironic how the god of floods is found submerged for over 1000 years... 




 Anyone see the little face with the orange lights and grill before anything else? 




 It's just like modern art, ugly, beautiful,  all depends on the eye. Personally, I like it. 




 I particularly liked the skulls 




 I've seen enough Final Destination movoes to see where this is going... 




 Nice post, poo_smudge 














 Simply block the other accounts when they appear, it will stop them coming up again. You still get all the tweets from your favourite comedy feeds and much less spam. 




 This reminds me so much of the Sign Painter from World Of Goo... 




 A repost of a repost, of a repost of r/wtf 









 Just some fun. Excludes snack/toilet breaks :p 









 Btw how did you find this sub? 









 Good to see you're still an established redditor :p 









 Come on, Every Minecrafter knows what gravel is! 




 Reddit approves  




 Ahhh alright, thanks man :) 









 This horrifyingly reminds me of the Human Centipede  




 Try it with wool blocks and signs
 




 Noble salute  




 Get the Zepellin mod, and fly away on his majestic back 




 2475069397829075708 Hey bud, thanks for posting in this community, This seed has one tree, many resources (diamond) some sugarcane, and an easy to find dungeon, It's for 1.2.5, Hope this helps you out, And thanks for getting the community going :)
 




 Hey bud, I found a seed for 1.2.5 :) It's 2475069397829075708. 
It has only one tree, many resources (diamond) and an easy to find dungeon, and also some sugarcane. Hope this helps. Can you please advertise and support this community so we can find other survival fans like us :) Best of luck with your survival island :) 
























 Thanks, I'll get some cotton 




 I believe it's a tegenaria atrica,  Going to post again tonight with the revised enclosure and more details  




 Small house spider 




 Small house spider 




 Its for a small house spider :)  









 Thank you very much! 









 Blackhawks and Bruins are playing tonight and I won't be around to see it. I stream games on my laptop so does anybody know where I can see the game in full another time? I dont have any sports channels  tv subscriptions. 




 The link didnt work so thats why I asked :p 




 Sweet! What are the dimensions like? 




 Hey what are using as terrarium there? Looks perfect 




 Nah seriously, I like this little gal 




 So bog 




 Another one of the many posts that makes me go "eeuugggh" and squirm a bit 




 r/adventuretime 




 Ok well I misspelled the title but you get the idea :p help? 









 Thank you, It has recovered I was planning on posting it tonight 




 He did well to reclaim it from Bin Laden, But Madeline McCann is still a big player on the professional circuit, He's got some competition! 




 Wasn't this on here like a month ago? 'Not now human' or something?  




 Upvoted purely and only for the title 














 Every group project ever. 




 What are your interests? I follow sports but I also enjoy writing and reading 




 Can't imagine how awkward it was when you returned 




 Well, at least she'll remember you! 




 Although sometimes you may genuinely just have bad luck some days, So many people don't know the difference between bad luck and stupid decisions that lead to bad outcomes 









 Between this guy and DoubleDickDude, I'm getting a fair idea of where reddit in 2014 is going to go... 




 *pulls cat out*
'no pls'
*cat returns to bath* 









 Gnarly 














 Hmm that's an unusal one, but good none the less 




 Made. My. Week. 




 Meaty 




 Meaty 




 Tinahely isnt too bad 




 Ok well first of all, by the expensive headset on your neck and the fact youre indoors in the dark, I'm going to be bold and assume you're a hardcore gamer. If this is the case (and I could easily be wrong) I'd recommend getting out of the house a lot.
  Go out to malls and observe the other guys there, not in a homosexual way, Look out for their hairstyles and types of clothes theyre wearing. Also might be an idea to look at the attention theyre getting from girls, say do they have a gf with them or is he talking confidently to a female store clerk. If you you fond a certain style or hairstyle that fits,  go for it!
   I would recommend getting active! Maybe you already are, but heading for a run once a week, or playing an intense game or sport with friends for an hour is great for you. You will notice your skin will start to look better and also your body! 
  From the picture you look like a real nice guy and a great, warm friend. But I'd take into account the steps ive given you and try up your rating even by 1 :)
   Also, this entire paragraph is from a guys view, so call this 'bro to bro' advice. 
  Hope all goes well! :) 




 8.5 




 Beard suits you a lot, and those eyes! 




 Cute 8 




 I'd have to go 7. You look very friendly and kind hearted 




 8, great improvement! Hope you keep it up! Eating healthy and staying fit is the key 




 Gorgeous 8 




 Just seen my dream girl, Stunning body and face 10/10 




 The muscles tho 8 




 6 




 Big arms, warm smile 7/7.5 




 9 all day 




 Not much body on show so 7/10 for the lovely face 




 Isn't that the Prom in Salthill Galway? 









 Aron
Arron
Aran  (traditional irish one)
Arran
Aronn 




 In Ireland there are these islands called the Aran Islands, you'd be amazed how often my name is spelt Aran 




 Oh mah gahd stahp, I dont even like, like coffehh 




 But in all seriousness,  that shit that came out is nasty, its like a piece of corn 









 Have you ever been approached to join the porn industry 




 Never seen a tissue pop out of a zit before... 




 ken I hav a.... p00si pls 









 My ign is train_subject2219 :) 




 hey b0ss 




 Chin Chin go daisuki 




 I wouldn't go to town popping that. It's completely sterile under there, It's doing you good, if you can resist the temptation!  




 Get a doctor but post pics back here 









 Shiny Pokemon [FIXED] 




 Is this a bad time to admit I have the torrented version? :/ 




 Cool! Can I join the server? 




 How can I join your server? I thought MCPE was only local wifi 









 Cave systems for me are a must. Worldwide multiplayer using the device's built in mic for talking to players. I would love to see jungle biomes too 




 How can you add me up? 




 Upvoted because I have no idea what the machine does 




 Hey guys, just want a few more subs to visit. I know there's r/survivalisland and I'm pretty sure there's a redstone one, any one know any more? Maybe pocket edition? 









 This is the 95th time I've seen that gif here 




 All I'm seeing is Finn fucking the shit out of that sword 




 I love how the guy is just there like 'dammit, not this shit again bird' 




 I live in Ireland so trust me heat is not a factor here in winter! 




 A tarantula need only eat a cricket once a week to survive healthily and happily. They can live up to around 3 weeks without food I believe, depending on the activity of the spider. However small spiders can fast longer because their bodies dont need as much fuel. Hope this helps! 




 Must be hard for this little guy to find food, great looking spider. Post this to the guys over at r/tarantulas, They love seeing high-def pictures like this! 




 I'm a big fan of spiders but this really took my breath away 




 Well, pork does taste nicer than the usual vegan special: soil 














 Thanks man 




 I dont know but I presume there's tutorials somewhere online :) 




 By nethers do you mean downstairs area? 




 'The octopus that could' 




 How does the pool table differentiate between normal balls and the cue-ball, that always got me 














 And here's me thinking they just drink coca-cola 









 if i had a credit card i would give you gold for that, Fantastic input! I thoroughly enjoyed as the novice keeper i am, you may well have saved a future tarantulas life, Thank you 









 The noise that makes must me be immense 
























 I am sorry senpai. 




 Perhaps what I am seeking is also seeking me...Alas traveller, I bid you farewell. I return to my question for the promised butthole 




 I see...has the butthole blessed you before? 




 What is this butthole you speak of? Is it the goatse.ru (nsfw) thing? I seek this butthole. Is it still around? 









 wow 




 He would be an amazing pedophile 




 He looked fat at the start and then this muscular athletic cheetah just sprints down there 














 The memories of surfing around Vermillion and the Seafoam Islands with Voltorb just executing every Tentacruel that popped every five steps 




 I heard it was pretty...Ghastly

EDIT: I'm sorry 




 I fell in love with LeafGreen at a young age. I still love going back to it
 




 Fuuuuuck :/ 




 Great! 




 I snapped my high e string on my electric and have an acoustic high e string in my pack. Would it work? 




 Ok so whats the actual answer 




 I study Plant and Horticultural Biology so in my field I don't often see it.  




 Spatial awareness level 99 




 "and a huge-ass bruise on my ass"

A huge-ass ass-bruise on my ass

 




 'Oh hey bro... I was just uhhh...yeah...see the game last night?' 




 No I'm aware what a control in an experiment is, I was just saying it's odd because you don't often use a human as a control 




 I had the Friends theme song in my head while watching this and it made the gif more enjoyable 




 'Thanks Polar-Bro" 




 Great idea OP 




 I can see why he's now your ex-roommate OP 




 I always feel nervous when I see humans doing experiments like this, especial with the word 'control' in there 




 Sad to see North America is faring badly as Irish curling is rising at this time. Hopefully the USA and Canadian curlers can turn it around 














 She's gorgeous OP! Be proud :p 









 Awww Yissss. Motha. Fuckin. Freedom. 




 *sees post*
'The top comment is going to be about that movie'
*clicks comments*
*pleasantly surprised*
*upvotes* 




 Radio W-S-K-E-E 




 Hello? 









 Condoms, condoms everywhere 




 Looks like a cell going through mitosis? :P kind of looks like spindle fibres going across and a few blotches of chromosomes in between 




 /u/doubledickdude 




 This re-inforced my thought that I really don't understand photography at all, I dont get how these are the greatest photos this year. 




 Yeah but where's the other half lol 




 Is checkers a passion of yours? 




 Magnus Carlsen and You_Are_A_Fuck are two things I never imagined id see in the same sentence 









 Love how only one ear is showing for Van Gogh 









 Suicide is never selfish or foolish. It's when you have tried everything and are exhausted. Broken beyond repair. Its cleansing yourself the only way you can 









 Boil water. Pour water. Done 




 Check out @iLoveTeensDaily's Tweet: https://twitter.com/iLoveTeensDaily/status/440222519233368065 














 What happened to the 200 OP? :'( why did you give away your collection 









 Do you have any interesting links? 




 Definitely not a rapist 




 I thought this sub was about the mythological character 'the rake' thats why I came here just now 




 Always need the nuts on my blower 




 I AM READING EVERY COMMENT IN A MORGAN FREEMAN VOICE AND IT IS AMAZING 




 was it really worth it? 









 Van Gogh 




 The first picture is Krist Novoselic in drag that's all I know 




 Geometric! 




 r/spiders here, Looks like an old molt that's gone mouldy! More than likely the spider is still hopping around in your cellar, keeping the bugs at bay :) 




 What is the red flash?  




 People like you pollute this sub and r/spiders 




 Calves appear to be the least painful according to this, what are you planning on getting? 




 Jack Black: The Early Years 




 Wow 









 Going to be tough sleeping tonight OP 




 Be careful with the pointy parts on the soldiers, Could easily hurt your tarantula if she hits them in the wrong places 




 Aww :3 




 They actually make great pets! 




 Just an old molt. Spiders shed their skin every once in a while so nothing to fear :) 




 I really like that spider 




 Lars which band member has the weirdest habit? (Can be you too) 




 Hey Lars, what's the best show you've ever done? 




 Skeup the red 




 'Fuck off' is my Norton irl 




 Her change in facial expression is what gets me every time  




 Good god how is this on page 3 




 /r/trypophobia 




 Thanks so much! :) 




 This still doesn't make obesity okay 




 I read this as 'beard art' and discovered an entirely new art medium 




 Damn I love that banf 




 True now to think of it 




 Nope, In fact I dont have one! Hope to get a G. Rosea soon 




 If you've seen the Lord of The Rings trilogy, we all remember the Shelob sequence. It would be sweet to recreate the scene a little, have a nice suitable enclosure and match it a bit to the movie. Then, Put the Frodo and Sam 'Warhammer' (a game involving painted detailed inch-high figurines) on the outside of the shelter. Thoughts? 




 It's as if she's popping out a clothes store fitting room with a new outfit!  "Hey OP, don't I look fab??"  




 What's her name? :) 




 Great comment 2xw, There are some great people here 




 Is she mature?  Could you imagine the colors if she still had a good couple molts in her, wow. Great specimen, and nice picture OP! 




 She's gorgeous!  Well taken care of and great that you kept a good eye on her during her molt. Lovely spider! 




 I love the eyes on spider 2 :3 




 Woodlouse hunter spiders have an orange/red tint at maturity so that might explain it. Hard to scale 




 I just have so much love for these spiders 




 Substrate is an inch thick 









 American Christmas Tree 
























