 No longer infinite weather? 

That's like the BEST. NEWS. EVER.
 




 Hey folks!

I have been doing online pokemon-battles since generation 3, but I stopped when I had a lot of work to do with my a-levels. Now that I finished them, I would like to start playing again, but in the meantime, X/Y did come out. I have not been able to play this generation myself so far, since I dont own a 3ds, so I have some problems getting into the new stuff.

So - are there any lists etc. about changes that came in X/Y, or an overview about the new Pokemon and their possibilities? That would really help me.

Thanks a lot!  




 Grave of the fireflies all the way. When watching it, I was like "my god i cant even."

Personally, I also want to mention "the voices of a distant star". its only a little movie, and surely some people will find it nothing but boring, but for me, being in a long-distance relationship myself...well, I guess you see.  




 Hi, my main account is Deathpact Angel - I'm currently silver III and looking forward to get gold this season.
I'm a midlane main, but I'm also a decent adc and support. add me if you feel like it - and if you're playing on EUW, you didnt mention your server :/  




 exactly. you have to protect what you have. before some filthy polynesian comes and steals it 




 I don't even know, I chose "shuffle" as map type...maybe those other civs are having a big party on a giant continent without me... :c 









 I played Ashe and only buildt a Runaans and a Last Whisper. I mean, she's an archer, why should I buy swords for her, that makes no sense does it?

 




 Hey guys.
As title states, I am a player of League (not high elo or somthing, just playing for a while) and frustrated from some things at that game I decided to try something new and ended up with Smite. So far, I really like this game, especially the mythological stuff is something I really like better than made-up characters. But there are some points that are still confusing me a lot, so help a newbie? :)

1. There are not a lot of guides for Gods in the Internet, and most of them are poorly rated. So, how exactly do I know how to build my god? Do I just stick with the recommended items, or are those not reliable? 

2. Is there a "meta" in this game and if yes, how does it look? I already noticed that there is a jungler, too, so maybe it is the same as in LoL? if yes, who are support gods? they are all tagged as mages or tanks, are they still used as support or does this work different?

3. are the side lanes called "left / right" or "top /bot" ? seen both so far. 

4. Do you have any recommodation what god to buy first as a newbie? which ones are easy to handle for beginners? the role is not that relevant, I do not particularily like tanks tho.

5. Last point: Are there gods that are currently considered over-/underpowered. I tried Thanatos in the practice mode, and from my point of view, his ultimate is ridiculously op, is that right? what makes it balanced, if not? I mean, AoE execution (and 40% health is not THAT low) and a stun? thats hard i think.

I guess thats all for now. Thanks in advance! 




 Title. Suffering from OCD (yes, I know that a lot of people these days claim to have it, but unfortunately I actually do), I feel uncomfortable as long as there are buildings left in a city. Usually I play on chieftain or even settler and build a huge economy to spend all my money on buildings in new cities.
Anyway, I would guess that this isn't a proper strategy to win on higher levels.

My question is: Do you have any idea, if there is a possibility to keep my habit when playing higher? Maybe a civ or a strategy which does not require to expand to heavily, or makes it possible to have high production with fairly low science ? Or any mods that might help?

Thanks in advance. 




 Hey guys.
I haven't played Audiosurf for a long time, and when I now logged in, I remembered why. I don't know the password of my account anymore. Or, I should rather say, accounts, because whenever I faced this problem before, I created a new account (I don't know why I always forget these passwords. I have the feeling that they are correct but there's some kind of error). 

I tried to use the password recovery here: http://www.audio-surf.com/resetPassword.php, but I never receive an E-Mail altough I'm absolutely sure the data is correct. I've run out of E-Mail-adresses, so I can't just make a new acc like before, so i would appreciate any help to get my acc back. 
























 Hey folks,
my LoL username is Deathpact Angel, and I am a Gold V midlane main on EUW severs. my favorite champs are Katarina, Zyra, Syndra, Diana and Ahri. I also can play decently with any other role, but each only with a few champions. I play a lot with my bf (a jungle main). If you wanna play with me, just send me a message or add me ingame.  




 Joined in, not too much life there currently on EUW, but I guess that'll change when we get bigger here :) 




 well, wasn't me... well, Ill just repost them, fortunately it wasnt so much of them still :) 




 just so its complete, here my data again


    Summoner Name: deathpact angel
    Server: EUW
    Smurf? yes, Pairidaeza
    What you are willing to help with: general things, I'm better at mid/adc supp than as top/jung tho
 




 Why the hell are all my posts deleted?

Anyway, I think she's doing good, LB got the nerfhammer and Kassadin the permaban, so along with Fizz I think she's top tier AP assassin atm, especially since she got a buff last patch.  




 Is it even a yordle? He seems pretty big for one, doesn't he...

Also, the monster-thingy that's attacking the village, is it just me or does he look a lot like Vel'Koz? 




 on the left there is the summoner that you get earlier. since you get flash last, flash goes on f.  




 Am I the only one who just gets an "no access" message when opening that link? (and yes, I'm logged in at the site...) 




 That Poland can into space! 




 Halle Berry as Karma. Doesn't even need a new haircut 





























 I am already invited (because I'm in the chat channel 24/7 :3).

As already stated I currently have huge issues with my internet connection (thanks to my father), but I hope this will be fixed in about 2 or 3 weeks.  

I will likely have time every night, and maybe some afternoons, escpecially at the weekends.

I am a midlane main, but if we're missing something, I can fill as I play every role at least decently. 
 




 Battlelore is a band who's lyrics entirely revolve around the world of LotR, you might wanna look at that... 




 Pressing B and the "down" button when trying to catch a Pokemon.

Seriously it does NOT work I promise you.  









 It's incorrect indeed. 

"We will crush" requires 1. person plural future of "contero", which would be "conteremus". You don't really need the "Nos", because the person already is in the verb. You can let "vos" like it is I think. "Conteremus vos" would be my suggestion, but I don't guarantee that it's correct.  




 Kassa got reworked a while ago - he has not got a silence anymore, only an 'interrupt to channeled abilities" (i.e. a move that was invented to specifically fuck up Kata), but now he has a shield for magic damage on Q, which makes harassing very hard, since Kata has nothing but magic damage. Whenever he sees you Q casted, he just casts his, and there goes your harass :(   




 As a Katarina main, I really struggle against Kassadin in the midlane - especially as Kata. It's hard to harass him, since your Q damage is predictable so he can easily shield it off with Q. With his shield up, you also lose early trades, and you can not all-in him post-6 since he will either interrupt you with Q or just walk away with R (and leave you there spinning in the nothing like an idiot).

If someone has tips for this specific matchup, I'd be really grateful. Any general tips against Kassadin and how to prevent him from snowballing the shit out of my game are also welcome... 




 Behold, it's Queen Margaery of the might kingdom of DEBUG!  




 someone mentioned it in the GGLoL chatroom on EUW, that they have been added by someone who saw their name here... 




 Well, I think one could consider making this a private sub, since we already had the first one coming up saying "hey i saw you in GGLoL i wanna play with girls" :/  




 mh. maybe i accidently removed my subscription and then it deletes everything? i have no idea lol.  
























 I did use my origin account. My profile lists my origin ID as well, but on my registered game page is no entry for DAO.  




 Yes, it is there, but as I mentioned in the original post, it doesn't work. The field demands a "cd key" and when I enter the product code, I receive a message that the code is wrong.  




 I did log in with my Origin account, yes. Yet still there is no "Dragon Age: Origins" entry or something in my registered game page 




 Hey folks, newbie here :)

So I downloaded Dragon Age Origins when it was for free on Origin some days ago. I liked it very much and want to download Awakening and the DLC's too (this time with paying them ofc). Well, as far as I understood it, I would need to register my game on this bioware social thingy so I can then select DLC's in the "downloadable content" section.

So now there's the problem - I can' register it. When I downloaded it, I didn't get a cd key which seems to be necessary for registering. All I have (in the E-Mail from Origin and the client itself) is a "product code" which doesn't work when I enter it into the "cd key" field.

So, what to do? Do I really need to register in order to get the DLC's? If so, where do I get one? If not, how do I do that?

Sorry if this is a dumb question, I am very new to this all. Hope you can help me :) 




 Hey folks!

So, since I now finally finished moving (yay!), I'm looking to play in a ranked 5v5 team and I thought that I could ask here. 

I am currently Gold V and a midlane main, my favorite (and best) champs are Katarina, Syndra, Ahri and Zyra. I am also a decent adc and support (and my Garen toplane kicks ass), but in a ranked team, I'd rather stick to the midlane. 


The thing I should mention here is that I'm looking for a team for me and my boyfriend, since we enjoy playing together a lot. I can promise he is a nice guy, and he will not hit on any of you (he wouldn't dare!). He's a jungle / support main and also Gold V (and he's playing a godlike eve)


So, we're basically looking for a toplaner, an adc and either a jungler or a support (but from what I've seen in the introduction threads, we're more likely to find a support I guess) 
We're both from Germany and available mostly in the evenings. We can speak both English and German and have Teamspeak etc. 


Also - I already am part of a 5v5 team that was founded here, but it seems like it's not active that much - and I think I'm more likely to reach people if I post here than if I try to contact all team members if they'd be okay with me inviting my bf. No offense to my team members with searching here - if you are okay with my bf joining, you can also just contact me.


If you're interested, you can just comment here. Or write a PM to me. Or add me ingame (Nick: Deathpact Angel). I don't mind!


Hoping for many responses! 

 




 You should have considered your wish for a marriage before you went cheating on him. We all make mistakes, that's normal, yes, but also we all have to live with the consequences of our mistakes, and I do think he's behaving reasonable.

If you want to marry so bad, break up.  




 people so obviously disliking each other that you immediatly KNOW theyll end up together

pretty much the reason there are almost no romantic comedys i like. it is always this principle :/  




 "I see now that the circumstances of one's birth are irrelevant. It is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are."

guess who said that enlightened stuff

thats right it was Mewtwo 




 What websites I already have an account for.

It's so common that I think "oh hey a cool new website"
"That e-mail adress is already assigned to an account."

"I have no memory of this place" 




 Equilibrium had a female bassist, but I think she has left. Also Eluveitie has, but they sing occasionally (not lead tho)

 




 So, some time ago I had a discussion with my boyfriend when I told him that I now follow a subreddit for girls who play LoL. The point of the discussion was basically, why girls do feel the need to make their own subreddit (as /r/leagueoflegends already exists), and which consequences has this?

And since I find the question interesting - and I currently have nothing better to do - I ask you the same.

Why do we need this subreddit? Which problems did you encounter when playing LoL as a girl, that maybe make you wish for some women-only-space? Tell your stories right here. 

The other part is - what consequences has this? Do you consider it discriminating towards male players if they are excluded from e.g. this subreddit, when maybe they themselves aren't the ones harassing women?

Also, is separating from the "big group" the right way? Do you think it might on the long run even increase hostility against female players if they isolate themselves? Or is it a proper way to deal with potential harassment? What could be done to improve the situation?

Any input is welcome. 

PS: No english native speaker. Mistakes might be included. 

 
























