 lol I do that on a regular basis. ;) 




 how do you figure? From the start, I have done everything by the book. I have two choices -either carry on fighting to see her, or walk away. If I walk away, she will think I have abandoned her. If I keep fighting to stay in her life, even if just weekends then she will know I'm there and that I care.  I can only hope that sooner rather than later- it gets sorted and she can have a regular routine so that she knows when she's going to get to see Mummy. 




 I'm certainly not lazy. I used to be doing over time every week when no one else would.  




 not seeing my daughter and quite a big issue to me. 




 thankyou. 




 depression is a thought process that occurs in your mind.
You get into viscious thought circles, kind of windin yourself up about something. Trying to solve it in your mind when, if you think about it, that's impossible. You do it until you are so upset/angry you can't think straight anymore.
This is according to a friend of mine 




 Well I'm planning on going back to college next year. Maybe train in something that doesn't involve other people's children. 
It's weird because usually bitchy comments don't usually get to me but I guess it's a sore subject. 

My doc signed me off because when I went into work-I would see the children and cry because I miss my own so much. I am hoping to return to work soon but am concerned my collegues are going to penalise me. I guess that's where the 'don't give a fuck' attitude comes in. 
 




 Thanks-I will do. 




 But why are they jealous of another's downfalls? One of the girl's asked me what doctor I go to, her tan is fading and it's depressing her, she needs a month off. 

I know she was being sarcastic but I wouldn't wish the feelings I have on my worst enemy. 

Thankyou for your comment.x 




 I have depression because I don't have my daughter. I was a young mum and didn't know how the court system worked. Hense losing her in the first place. I've had weekend custody since-then he got married and decided he didn't want me in the way. He phoned up social services and accused me of punching/hitting/shouting at my daughter. I have NEVER hit her. So he denyed me access because I'm apparently violent. I've 'apparently' hit him a few times too. Bare in mind he's a big guy and used to push me around when we were together-although I never had proof of this. 
When I go to court- a penal notice will be put on the court order, so that if he denys me access again-he could go to prison-or lose full custody.

I'm depressed because this has gone on far too long. I don't like watching my daughter be torn between her parents. She is confused and I feel responsible. I just want to be a Mum to my little girl. that's all.  




 I've been fighting a five year custody battle over my daughter. Her Dad has been denying me access most of this year. I'm back to court soon to sort that out. However due to the hell I've been through, my doctor has signed me off work. I have anti-depressants and counselling. I work full time in a children's nursery. so being there means I spend more time looking after other people's kids than my own. 
My collegues however, are not exactly being friendly. {all female} they say I'm skiving off and although they do know the reason why I'm off,they have become vicious. They also say I shouldn't be out n about if I'm ill. which means I guess I can't go to the supermarket and do my shopping because I have depression.

One of them even said that she wants depression so she can have a month of work and get half pay for it!!!  

This is obviously not helping in my recovery and now I'm scared to go back because of bullying. 
Am I just being silly or should I take this seriously?  




 Apparently I sound like a Fox new reporter. However-everything I've said happens to be true.  




 lol they are awesome! 




 Agreed. However their new drummer from Dream Theatre is also well known and has brought some new talent to the band. So hopefully they'll carry on the good work.  




 Stunning. 




 I wouldn't let my kid play with it! It reminds me of an old xfiles episode where the doll belonged to a little girl and made people do stuff like slit their own throat with vinyls etc. Weird.  




 Tank paintballing is even better.  You get to battle another tank too. Here's a link:

www.armourgeddon.co.uk 




 accidental prescription drug + alcohol overdose.  




 He's awesome! 




 http://www.atheistnation.net/video/?video/00420/atheist/20-20-atheist-discrimination/

quote from the above video
'this is a christian country and if you don't like it you can get out' 
 




 Do your research. American politics is retarded. Fox news is one sided. I base my judgements on the facts, not on what I want to be true.  




 Aa box filled with a love letter, photo, choc, book on the karma sutra, heart cookie, funny shaped soap, mixed cd and lots of little trinkets in it that mean things to us.  It was a shoe box that was decorated with stickers n glitter etc etc. 

It was really special because my S.O had taken the time to decorate the box and put special things in it. Better than jewelry any day. 




 I actually did have 10 cats earlier this year. I have three cats. Two of them decided to get jiggy and made 7 little kitties. They all went to good homes. I kept the runt of the litter though, I called her meas-ion. Her Dad is called Schrodinger. 




 hense photoshopped 




 This is obviously, mainly down to the boy's upbringing. His Dad shoots 'anything that moves'.  They let him roam about alone. I wouldn't allow my son out of my sight if I thought he would do something like that. And I would be asking for all the help the world can offer.  




 :) 




 Did you understand it?  




 I'm English and would NEVER move to America. For a start I'm an Atheist so I'd be disscriminated against. There's crap about the Bible EVERYWHERE.  Sarah Palin-She was nearly Vice President for christ sakes!!!! Fox news-the most corrupt thing I have ever seen. And what's with electic Bush TWICE??? Better the devil you know huh? Oh and over half the population are obese. I don't like guns either.  




 Vanila Sky, Identity, Donnie Darko, S. Darko{sequel about his sister} fight club, dreamcatcher. 

If you think Donnie Darko was fucked up then you should se S. Darko!
 




 http://furrybones.com/images/tiger-lion-tigon-liger.jpg  

Liger 




 It's those tiny poo particles that make your farts smell. So next time someone farts near you-remember, that you're breathing in their poo! haha! 




 Watch the video! 




 give up! 




 and pussies!!! 




 What happens when I'm dead, doesn't bother me. What bothers me is how I die. Pain free please! 




 The bigger he is, the harder he falls. 




 That's awesome! 




 lol which one? the cockerel? or the cockatiel??? 




 It looks so lonely. poor li' thing :( 




 defo a cat.  




 okay thanks. . it's says it for any file that i download, which is what I found strange about it. But I'll just drag n drop from now on. 




 I don't think it's a problem with vuze. I think it's an itunes thing . .but I'm not sure. I'm on a windows 7. 




 Use a lighter duvet and open the window. She'll then be cold and want hugs. Works for my fella n I. 




 I wonder if he had a shower today . . . 




 I would eat cloned me too . .in a sexual way! ;) 




 Meh-butcher it up and freeze it. 




 Arrrrrrrrrghhhhh! 




 And mine! 




 Meh .. . I just just tell my fella he owes me one later and wink at him! Then later on . . .maybe the morning I'll move in for the kill! Mwahahaha! 




 Aaaaaaah, schadenfreude!
...or was that not the intended evoked response?

Wow, I am lucky aren't I? yay me! I feel so blessed to not be suffering like millions of others are!

We live in a terrifyingly shitty world! Shit!" 




 Fair enough and thankyou for your response.

I have to say, that whenever my situation with my daughter is brought up-people judge regardless of how much information I give them. It seems that a Father having access issues to his children is nothing new. Which I feel is disgusting and don't agree with. I would never stop my daughter seeing her Father unless I felt she was in serious danger in his care. Unfortunately her Father isn't on the same wave length. 

However when it's the Mother having the problems, people always seem to think that she must have done something terrible to not have her children. 

The only reason I lost in court was due to my lack maturity and knowledge at 19. This is when the custody battles began. I'm now 23 and am going back to court in two weeks to have the current court order re enforced. As usual. I have to pay out for it.  I earned nat min wage with is about £850 after tax a month. Maintenance is £125. I'm barely left with anything after that. If I didn't have my partner-I'd starve.  




 Hahaha! That did made me chuckle! 




 He looks really comfy in there! 




 Look away!!! Look away!!! 




 Err I'll have you no it doesn't always work that way. I have a little girl that I barely see. I am her Mum. I have done nothing wrong. . .it's just the way in ended in court. I pay child maintence and court fees regulary. I'm now on anti depressants due to the five year hell Im in.  




 I just sent a link to my best mate. He will appreciate this. Although he did complain that the flesh light was little tight. . . 




 The pale one-looks a little too pale. I have very pale skin-but she looks ill-anemic?? 




 I've never been in a situation like this-however due to family differences, I've had to cut ties with my parents. I still talk to my younger brothers but due to one of them still still living in the family home, he tends to 'side' with them.

I'm 23 years old and have my own home and family. I am currently doing financally better than my parents. They call me a snob for this. Even though I have worked damn hard for everything I have.  Other family members tell me that I'm an example to them. They live on state benefits and my grandmother owns the roof over their heads. 

I now live by the saying 'The family you make is more important than the family you come from'.

If you still live in the family home, move out as soon as you can. That way they have no hold over you and will be less able to guilt trip you every single day. It's only money. Your sister HAS the continous love of your parents. You HAD your grandmother's love instead. 

Your sister is NOT your responsibility. Remember that. Good Luck.
 




 That's so sad. It shows how corrupted the world is. That bear was obviously fine and happy. They had no need to take her away from her 'family'. Animals do not belong in cages.  
























 I meant girl mates. I am female.  




 gross 




 Tim Minchin fucking rocks! 




 I explained this to some girlfriends I was with on a night out-the whole night consisted of giggles about poo particles.  




 oh haha! Yes I get it. I made a typo error. Big deal. You wouldn't believe that I am currently studying to be an english teacher.  




 ewww 




 wrong-MOST girls don't fart 




 gross! 




 My fella is currently working away in South Korea. we often talk on skype and he tells me of the zillions of handovers he's suffers from. Self inflicted = no symphathy. Mwahaha 




 I wouldn't disrespect an animal that killed a human if it did so for for food or safety issues. The same rule applies to humans. I despise it when animals are killed for no reason-other than we think there's too many of them. What gives us that right to decide another being's fate? Because we are the top of the food chain? 

Every being has a right to be here. dog, cat, flea, dear, fish, lizard, dear human and all the rest. 

I'm sure many animal lovers will tell you that some animals can be better company than some humans. 

You feel that our species is above all others. You feel that way because instinct tells us that as a surival tactic. No other reason. 




 It's a circulation thing. It's also a great excuse to snuggle up to your man. I'm cold, Give me your body heat now!  




 lol . .is that the best come back you have? 




 Well I'm happily not pregnant :) 




 and you have smelly feet 




 That depends . .if you're a gay man you may dissagree. 




 I have to sleep on his arm because he steels ALL the pillows! 




 Beastilality not cool! 




 That's because you're on her side!!! 




 then she farts. Right in your face! Mwahahah 




 meh I'm always cold in bed-my feet are like blocks of ice. I snuggle up nice n close to my man. He squeals like a girl as my ice blocks touch his flesh! Mwahahaha! 




 Schrodinger's cat  




 I doubt it . .blame the crows-evil things! 




 There's not enough shelter because of humans over populating the planet. Why not take a gun to your head and help a little with that problem.  




 The bit when the fat guy in in the bathroom-seriously made me think twice about a toilet break.  




 I love that feeling! The harder he comes the better! 




 You should try the implant. Awesome thing. I have a 5 year old. Don't want anymore for a while so use it. It's inserted under the skin in the upper arm and slowly releases and works basicly like the pill. The difference with the implant is-it stopped my periods {ha!} I don't have mood swings, It last three years. I don't have to remember to buy condoms{unless I wanna have sex with a random stranger} or take pills every day. 

Oh and 72 hours afters it's removed you're fertile again. :)  




 She could swallow instead .. . that's what I do :) 




 My boyfriend does roleplay games. . .that's nerdy enough for me. 




 lol 




 very true 




 How would a pump blow his head off? lol 




 Ewww I couldn't eat those. You've put me off cupcakes now! 




 I don't have a dick.  




 do you? 




 that's like saying all lesbians are good at licking pussy. I can assure you they're not! 




 Proove it! 









 That was my thought. Even if he was asleep that would definately wake him up. Wouldn't it??? 




 Ewwwww! cheesy coffee! 




 Thankyou that helps. :) 




 It's not the size that matters . . . 




 Ewwwwwwwwwwwww! 




 http://sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc3/hs116.snc3/16351_326846740326_713945326_9666477_343598_n.jpg

That's my fella   I dressed up as dead Bonnie   Clyde for a halloween party titled 'dead famous' 




 Cash isn't the original. Listen to Nine Inch Nails Hurt.  




 I can't whistle. It's so frustraiting. Everyone laughs at me when I try. :( 




 During pregnancy I randomly woke up and fancied rabbit stew at 4am in the morning. My partner refused to go shopping at that time in the morning. 

I knew there was a reason why we're not together now lol! 




 Well, when there's a large group of girls, they tend to break down in to smaller groups. The smaller group of girls will get on fine together. But they may end up in a bitchy war with another smaller group. No man could sort that out. The groups will either fight until one is found to be superior than the other {but there will always be tension} or they will just stay out of each other's way.  




 lol. I can see that. 




 I'm female and I would agree with that to a degree. I work with all females and one guy-who happens to be gay. You can imagine how bitchy it gets! 




 but then gf can't breed the cat. gf sulks alot 




 When I'm looking for tattoo ideas I can go through the search results for hours. 




 When I worked in a busy club a 70 odd year old guy came up to me. He looked like an english gentleman. He said 'I would love you take you home and make sex to you'

I was freaked!  He tipped me £30 though! 




 They didn't need to kill the poor . .big thing 




 I don't think so. The boss usually sorts out the rota in advance- cover is usually only needed when people phone in sick on the day. It's a children's nursery so no meetings or office time.  




 I hadn't thought of that. I might do it-although I'll probably get more stick for it. :/ 




 Really? I head differently. Damn. I wonder who they'll get as a permenant drummer then. 




 uk. He only got custody because at 18 years old {he's 6 years older than me} I didn't know how to fight in a court room. He kicked me out so I had to stay with family until I got my own place. I was also completely heart broken. I didn't start putting up a fight until it was too late. I'm now 23. He's denied me access most of this year, but when it goes back to court he will have give me back my weekends. One more screw up from him and I'll get custody. Our daughter is 5 years old. 




 They are certainly not joking. :( 




 I've thought about 'walking away' many times. And have come very close to doing so. But partly maternal instinct and guilt keep me fighting. What sort of mother just gives up on her child? She's 5 years old. He will tell her that I abandoned her. Not a nice feeling for her to have whilst growing up. Also social services have been involved and she has told them that she wants to her mummy and she misses her. 

After the next court hearing, the current court order will be re enforced. I will get her back on weekend again. If he steps out of line again-I will gain main custody. I don't want to stop my daughter seeing her Dad. It's not my right to do so. She has the right to see both her parents.  I will always maintain that rule.  
























 was it dead skin? If so then man up and take a chunk of the living flesh! Mwahahahaha 




 take out a few 'spare ribs' first then you can reach. Apparently Prince did this.  




 err no.  




 What?? I'm curious! lol. Anyone else curious? Check this image out! http://theendofbeing.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/sex_woman_dolphin_205.jpg 




 THAT is actually true.  




 That HAS to be true!  




 http://spiders.ucr.edu/daddylonglegs.html 




 lol that made me smile.  




 it does help you get sick less.  




 umm duuh cholestrol??? 




 An aquaintence of mine says that all the time. Oh and she's alergic to alcohol, lizards, cats and ALL types of contraception. Oh and she's always bloody ill.  




 I'm googling it! 




 oooh moody! 




 Well now you know why you get cat stuff. 




 PANIC! Everytime that anniversary came up-you never said anything about knowing the month .. so I can assume I know that too.  




 Okay If my daughter, came to and said that she wanted to be male, then I've go loony! Not because of anger. But fear. They'll be worried {especially Mum} that you won't be accepted by society. There maybe alot of shouting by your dominant parent. But be strong. They care, that is all. 

They will doubt themselves as parents and think 'letting you play with _____ toy when you were younger is the cause. 

If you have friends that are aware, make sure they know when you're telling your parents. Make sure someone is at hand for pub or hug. Whichever you prefer. 

Know that every big explosion calms and ends eventually. But you may be about to cut your link to them permantly. Be strong. You don't live for your parents. You live for you. You're about to feel very guilty or angry or maybe both depending on how it goes. 

Either way I commend your honesty to them and your courage to do this. 
Good Luck. 




 Do you like cats? 




 The family you make is more important than the family you come from. Something I live by. 




 My parents were twats . . to the point I got on a train aged 16 and never looked back. I have a beautiful little girl. She does well in school, is generally polite and we do many activities together, usually chosen by her. My parents did none of the things I do for my little girl. Other than let me live in their council house. Over the years I tried to forgive n forget . .. they 'forgave' me for running away. But they still don't give a crap. My daughter is 5. They have seen her 4 times and that was when I went to visit them {mainly to see my kid brother} I don't even drive. They have 2 cars. They have never visited me.  




 Yeah-I've been there tried that .. it never works. 




 lol . . I have taste and I'm picky. I'm an ex poll dancer, {I stopped 6 months ago} so am obviously used to turning men down  . . .zillions of times in an evening.  




 ha show me a pic first!  




 Do a google search -volunteering in __________ town. 

 




 how about one of each-I'm a bi girl :) 




 That would be true. But don't get big headed.  




 she's not still cute to you anymore? 




 I'm female lol 




 She's used a face mask that you peel off once it dries. Nice effect. I scared my boyfriend in the same way once. I died laughing. I'm currently a ghost using his computer.  




 Only if you're a chubby chaser and like em old.  




 LOL I do that all the time-sorry. 




 My mother says that all the time. Grrrr! 




 How can she walk in those things??? 




 Yup. I'm female and I think a life without sex is .. torture. 




 I thought unicorns ate rainbows? 




 You horrible meanie. Poor little squirrel. :.( 




 It's Arse. 




 that sounds like experience! 




 Ewww 




 By the devil. Mwahahaha! 




 I'm sure every man will tell you that blow jobs are awesome but sex is waaay more intimate. If I guy only went down on me-but refused to have intercourse it would be cool for a few weeks then I'd be like . . .nooo I need actual sex. Being intimate is soo important. Think about your natual instints. We like it because we're meant to. Sex = babies. That's what mother nature intended. {unless you play safe}  




 Ouch . .you got hands right? Do what everyone else does and use em. 




 and how long does an open relationship last? Never very long. One person always gets jealous/hurt. Also with an open relationship, he'll probably find someone that becomes a regular .. fuckbuddy then they'll grow feelings for one another . .the rest is history. 




 play safe. I like it. 




 it means she doesn't want sex. Ever 




 AND if she's got something, you should get tested too. Just in case.  




 lol cool beans. Buzz me when ya free. 




 Major nerd 




 I'm female actually and that happened to an aquaintence of mine. It completely confused her- if she wasn't having to deal with enough. She's okay though. She did keep the baby even after everyone telling her not to. She's now a single mum and happy. Her little girl is lovely and brought up well. Atleast she made good of a bad situation. Most women I doubt could handle this. That girl is exceptionally strong willed.  




 Well I met him just after I was assulted. I stayed with him for almost 2 years. He done a whole heap of other things to completely screw my very innocent mind{at that time} up. I'm 23 now and thank him for the err . . .life experience but I still despise him. What he did at court that day- wasn't half as bad as the other stuff he did. I now have a great guy that fully supports me and isn't controling. Just like any other soppy story -he caught me completely offguard. He's awesome. :) 




 I have was sexually assulted when I was 17. I had so much fear afterwards. Stay with her as much as you can to make her feel safer. She needs to feel completely protected. Give her lots of hugs. But don't slate the attacker. She already knows he's a prick and doesn't need to hear it. 

Keep her well away from booze or anything else. She also may have repetative nightmares about it and if that happens just tell her she's safe and with you. 

My partner at the time tried to perswade me not to go to court about it. The guy DID get off on not enough poxy evidence. Even though girls have made claims against him before. 

When I walked outta that court room. My 'now ex' partner said 'told ya so' he told me I put myself through that court hearing for nothing. Whatever you do, don't do that. Makesure she goes through the courts and even if he doesn't get found guilty support her in every way you can. Tell her how proud you are of her for standing up to him. 

Oh and this will always haunt her but she will learn to deal with it in her own time. Please be VERY patient.
 




 Or be pregnant. That makes it waaay more worse.  




 Murder? 




 I was thinking, just take an axe! 




 I bet you've dropped chewing gum a few times in your life.  




 'I remember' . . back in the day .. how old are you? That kind of behavior hasn't happened for years! 




 Aha I'm sooo going to stalk you now.  




 You just made me giggle more than the OP did.  




 I um kinda did. :/ 




 Has anyone noticed how his left arm is positioned weirdly? 
























 Letting him down gently how exactly?  He obviously adores you but is too young to understand that he can't have you all the time. Maybe if his Mother took him to nursery/day care part time he would eventually get used to not having you by his side 24/7.  When he goes to school he will have to deal with this anyway and it'll be all day. So why not gently introduce it to him whilst young, instead of giving him the shocker when he's 4/5 years old. It'll also teach him to be independent and learn the ability to adapt.                                                         I have worked in a nursery myself for a few years and some children find separation easy and others don't, at least not straight away. It can take a child 2 months to get out of the crying stage every time they go to nursery. Most children also stop 5 minutes after the parent has gone. The 'little white lie' your sister is telling him is definitely not going to hurt him. It's barely a lie as she could and certainly has the right to tell you to leave her child alone. After all, she is his Mother.   




 What would prefer, a little white lie or a whole night full of temper-tantrums, you losing your rag, screaming/shouting and no sleep. You may eventually get the result you want but now the child is grumpy and so are you. This also can {if done right} encourage them to have a healthy imagination.   




 There's little white lies and then there is zombies will rise if they find out about this lie!  




 I cannot up vote this enough!
 




 That actually made me laugh out loud. 




 Recently my 5 year old daughter asked about Adam and Eve.  So I started of with: In the bible it says that . . .blah blah. 

Once I had finished telling her, She said Mum, that's so silly. Ladies are not made from a man's rib. She also pointed out that snakes cannot talk. I was very proud! :) 




 Caught brown handed! 




 Goddess! :) 




 it can't but you can wrap the pasta around the hot dog.  




 Part cook the pasta then add the meat. Simple! 




 I grill mine. 




 Ewwww! 




 Agreed and much more healthier. 
 




 Poo poo?  How old are you? 




 I'm female actually. 




 Hahaha, that made me laugh so much! up voted.
 




 No. Chocolate doesn't remind me of that . .  




 Why did you split with her?? She's damn hot!  




 Reminds me of animé octopussy style porn.  




 And the arsehole. 




 how about experience?
 




 That's probably relating to the crap that is certain salads. Aka look ad MacDonald salad.  Just as bad for you as a big mac. A lot of readers wouldn't have thought about it.  




 In England they're £3.85.  Which is ridiculous.   




 he's a little chubby, although losing weight steadily. I think it's all the thrusting I make him do! :p
 




 The guy on the left looks like Richard Gere.  




 I don't 'swell' when I'm horny!!!! I get all moist instead :P
 




 hahaha, my fella has a big arse and he doesn't 'thrust' so well whilst in doggy style. . . . .FUK! 




 hahaha awesome film!
 




 Why the hell is this being down voted? Although I do think that this would an evolutionary effect, I do agree that we all should remind ourselves about safe sex, being ready for a family, the responsibility. Also the understanding that you are bringing child{ren} in to an already vastly over populated planet that we, as a species are destroying over time.  




 You got it in one. A lot of teen, esteem issues come from magazines, tv, films and music stars. {I would say musicians but they use their looks not vocal talents to gain fans} Stick-thin models and muscular men make young teens feel inadequate.   




 What they don't realise is the whiter the skin, the more healthier is is. Of course you still need vitamin D but it only takes a little sunlight for your body to be able to create it. Tanning and being sun burnt causes both short and long term damage. Parent's who do not persuade their naive, teenage daughters to protect their skin, should be made to go on a day course with their daughter to learn about the effects tanning salons and sunshine can have.  




 Agreed, just because someone uses a sunbed, it doesn't mean they're a slut. It means they have low self esteem and vanity issues. 
 




 thankyou, much love :) 




 Eww Dirtpig. You just put me off my lunch! 




 Can someone please fix this so the dude is a girl that's forever alone? Pretty pleeease! :) 




 Swuggles+swimming in hugs.   Shaggles= shag and hugs. Coggles+Cold hugs{warm me up!}     Snoggles=snogs and hugs . .  .you get the idea.  




 agreed. 









 I love their facial expressions. They're giggling at their own naughtiness! 




 Because when they sit down they would crush anything in the pockets. 




 agreed 




 Except, he's not a doberman. Or 'infected'. 




 This is absolutely pathectic. I want to kill Virgin right now. Utter Pricks! This is a communicational error plus organisation error rolled into one. Sorry I'm ranting. OP's girlfriend.   




 Ever thought that this was probably her Mum's idea? Your gf might have even needed perswading. Give her a chance to explain her actions. And ask what she would do if you did the same to her. Girls often get wrapped up in the whole BS that ALL men are cheats {I'm female and know it's BS guys} 

So just give her chance. And Maybe never speak to her Mother again. Or friend. 




 yo dudette! 




 Sand + sex = uncomfortable sticky, gritty times 




 Something stupid huh? I though you liked me! Humph! 




 Forever alonnnnnne.  




 I prayed! And I'm atheist 




 thankyou. 




 thankyou. 




 it was a question.  




 Hmm Well I'm calling the lady that deals with all this stuff at his office in the morning so I shall suggest it to her, whilst being very diplomatical and not screaming at her that this whole thing is pants! thankyou for the idea. :) 




 Not a fake thread. I really want my partner home :( 




 Unfortunately we don't have passports. Otherwise that would a great idea. 




 Okay My partner is a field engineer dealing with emergency shut down systems on oil rigs and ships. He is meant to be home {England} on the 23rd of December.  He's been out there for nearly two months now and his flight is booked with Virgin airlines via his company.  

He will be able to fly to Tokyo but will be stuck from there. His flight from Tokyo to Heathrow was cancelled this evening due to back log and snow.

Due to the company recently changing they no long can . . .  edit flight details in 24 hours due to them using a rubbish travel agent.  So what can we do?
  
I'm fearful that he won't be home for Christmas with my little girl and I. Also I could really do with his support right now as my Grandmother is about to die from cancer. So not a great end to the year. :(

Any advice would be helpful. Thankyou-fellow redditor. 

EDIT; All is sorted now and he WILL be home in time to dress up as Santa lol. Thankyou everybody for your kind words and advice. 




 Apart from the picking up the bar of soap in prison bit.  




 http://prince.org/msg/7/172345 




 Yeah but that's the body reacting and dealing with survival. Not you purposely knawing away.  
























