 She won't ever let Charles be King for the good of the realm! 




 I absolutely abhor people who cheat on their spouses but I just can't bring myself to hate Arnold. Also the fact that he admitted to his fault in a relatively recent AMA made me admire him more. 




 My thoughts too! I know he's paid to look good but goddamn only few people can look so sexy around the age 50. 




 Yeah, I get so sad when I see my 90s heroes grow old... I'm just glad he's still taking care of himself and looks as good as he does now. 




 This was my thought exactly. I love her current portrait and skins a lot and I don't even play Fiora. The clothes look much brighter and it doesn't really seem to suit her all that much :( 




 He looks awesome and I can't wait to try him out, but I'll miss the old one that seemed to be more lighthearted.  




 Reminds me of [David Kawena's Kocoum](https://www.facebook.com/david.kawena/photos/a.207734582589507.58487.171173612912271/300433536652944/?type=3 permPage=1) 3 *slightly NSFW 




 The conversation they should have with the other dogs in the animal heaven must be pretty awkward. "So hey, haha, no hard feelings, right guys?" 




 It's very weird isn't it? I feel more comfortable talking about my depression to people I don't know that well rather than my close friends and family. It's almost like they can't believe I'm depressed. My mom always tried to have me quit taking meds but she saw how much it helped me function after I forgot to pick up a prescription for the week and broke down completely.

Since you've just opened up to them, they must be getting used to the fact now. Give them some time, and perhaps they'll come around and see how much this is affecting you and that you need them by your side.

In the mean time you can always talk to us! :) 




 I pulled myself up from feeling like that all the time, but there was one friend that really made me feel inferior. She was pretty, kind, all around "people person". She also comes from a well-off family so she would casually buy designer goods that she clearly did not pay for. I felt bad whenever I felt jealous because she was a genuinely nice person, and it's not her fault that her parents are liberal with their money.

Anyways we went from being best friends to just acquaintances and then I stopped talking to her all together because she reminded me of all things that I couldn't have. What I had could be acquired through effort; what she had was just innate. I couldn't work towards that.

I actually admitted to this via email and explained to her how I felt, how sorry I was that I just stopped talking to her even though she was always very nice. She appreciated it and revealed to me that she was jealous of my academic success (what little there was anyway) and her parents would always compare her to me. That exactly didn't make me feel better but at least let me see she wasn't living the perfect life I thought she had.

I'm still envious of people who are beautiful and sociable but I try to remind myself not all of us can be like that. It's difficult to stick to this, but I try. 




 Hmm, from what I've experienced and heard from my physician the clinically depressed can't really function well the entire day. You know one of those bad days you get? That goes on to become a week, month, year, etc.

You are still young and I'm glad to hear apart from acute episodes of feeling low you can go about your day most of the time. Keep it up! I wouldn't say you are clinically depressed just yet. But do consult a doctor if the episodes last longer or become more frequent.

Also I should mention that it's very natural to feel that way during that phase of your life. Talk to your friends, or us (we'll always be here!) whenever you're feeling low. You don't have to talk about how you feel, what happened, if you don't want to. Sometimes it's nice to just talk, y'know?

Anyways these are my two cents. Hope this provided some insight. 




 I'm so sorry your parents didn't respond well. I feel most of the times that is the case :( I guess it's hard for especially parents to just accept that their children are having this type of difficulty, because they might think there were at fault for their children's depression (which might be true in some cases).

I hope she eventually comes to see that just acknowledging that you are going through this can provide some solace.  




 I'm always divided about that. Is it "I see wiener" or "Icy wiener"? I simply must know! 




 Also the drink. Was it called popo? *drool a la Homer* 




 I would have the whole set Mia has. It looks awesome. 




 Wammy wam wam wozzle! 




 "FIRMLY GRASP IT" 




 And I love how he sometimes puts together a pretty complex and eloquent sentence and proceeds to do something stupid immediately. 




 Yum! I think they'll look even better with more lighting. 




 "Come on, Garcia, slap ass!" 




 Kudos. I've felt similar pressure when I was your age. Am a girl so no one was hazing me for not banging a random dude, but I felt like I needed it for social validation. Silly, I know, but I was young.

I'm so glad my first time wasn't some mistake because when it happened with the right guy I had no regrets and it was wonderful. I'm sure this is the same for guys as well. You want the type of first time that makes you smile when you look back on it, not cringe or facepalm haha.

Good on you for sticking to your principle. 




 Could you tell me more about your fish? No one I know keeps a pet fish so I have no idea what it's like. Probably the only thing I know about taking care of a fish is that it requires a lot more water than people think. (Like, pet shops advertise that gold fish can be kept in a wine glass but they actually need a big ass aquarium.) Care to tell me about it? 




 Eloquently put. I guess it goes both ways; I can't understand why they feel so persecuted (oh the irony) for their belief, why they think they're being attacked. I spent my adolescence in a catholic high school and we accepted pretty much all kinds of sexual orientation. People would openly come out and no one, including the pastor, would try to change it. I wish I could let them see it's not a compromise that would break down their whole belief system. 




 I got giddy just reading your post. I really miss that kind of feeling. Congratulations!  




 I agree. People could use this sub for venting about this whole situation too. 




 Good job, and savour it! I don't think I was that good around level 18. Keep it going! 




 Someone should have put a leash on THAT guy. He must be going through eternal puberty.

But you did the right thing not fighting him, I think. Someone that obtuse wouldn't try to understand regardless of whether sense is taught to him by words or force. 




 lol I'm not sure why he's playing hooky, but I've actually seen him inside Belethor sweeping the floor. He kept telling me he was too busy to talk to me :( 




 Welcome, new Dovahkiin! Since you're new to the game I also assume you're also new to the parodies [like](https://youtu.be/ZPllpzxmM5k) [these](https://youtu.be/mv3ScKLD1Vc?list=PLLoWhJJEjzXl0jfiQjuVuJkVe0gGpYstU). Enjoy. 




 I've tried it so many times with kettles, but the merchants move around right after I put it over their head and the kettle falls off :( I must be doing something wrong. 




 It's amazing how just three words "stop right there" can make me read the entire sentence in the Imperial Guard voice. 




 Yep, this is why I chose my hireling solely based on whether I liked their voice or not. I ended up hiring Marcurio and marrying him. 




 I learned about this only after I chose to kill him. He was a traitor in my eyes so I don't exactly regret it, but it looks like he would've been pretty handy in some quests! 




 Glad to know I'm not the only one. Another disappointing moment would be cracking into a master lock chest and finding scrolls that are too expensive to be sold to any of the merchants. 




 lol beautiful. I love how Bender's expression is like "you about done?" 




 I remember this street! I remember they had a transgender theme going on when I visited the place for the weekend trip.

Do they celebrate the Independence Day for the US? I'd like to think this is something special between us Canadians and Brits :3 




 That is absolutely incredible. So well drawn!

I know Natalie Dormer is a bit old to be Margaery but I think she's been spot-on for the role this whole series. I've loved her since the Tudors! She's one of the actresses that are hot enough to make me question my heterosexuality. 




 Sure is, he gave her a good tumble. 




 Mr. Peppy wouldn't hurt anybody! HE'S VEGETARIAN ;-; 




 I'm not saying you should hate him. Just a hypothesis on why some may dislike him. Personally I think he's a great guy, just not a big fan of his recent vids. 




 "FREE HAT FREE HAT" 




 Nah I can see where you're coming from. There are some games that are fun to watch other people play, mainly horror games. Probably because I'm too much of a wuss to play it myself xD

Other games like Hearthstone, I don't really get the appeal of watching LPs. Northernlion's Binding of Isaac / Spelunky videos are exceptions though. His soothing voice is charming. 




 Ditto. This is also why I can't be too harsh on Pewdiepie. I don't like his videos but he's done some good work with his popularity. 




 I think it's his fans (some of them anyway) that fueled antipathy. Going to other people's videos and saying pewds did this first, or "like this comment if pewds brought you here" kind of thing. I'm sure fans of other youtubers do this too, but Pewdiepie has the most subscribers so they're bound to stand out. 




 I respect other peoples' preference for LPers (I don't enjoy Pewdiepie's videos, for instance) but for me what sets apart Markiplier from other "screaming" youtubers is that he makes commentary while yelling. Sure, he gets super dramatic at times to the point where it gets annoying but he does provide some perspective on the gameplay. 




 "Fo-er my suppa, I er, uh, want a party plattaa" 




 Is this your girl/boy? So beautiful 3 I love the heart-ish shape on the chest! 




 "Hey, I know who you are!" 




 I'm assuming "cure disease" potions work for all maladies but yeah, the lack of toilet paper is definitely disconcerting. Also the lack of wi-fi.

I guess I'll just try to have fun slaughtering dragons and giants... :/ 




 BB was the first TV show to make me really hate the protagonist in the end because of his relentless justification. such a good series. 




 Lanaaaaaaaaaaa 




 "Omg please chase me down with your dogs"

Yeah he's gonna bitch slap me with a restraining order. 




 I imagined these popping up as the Sims achievement haha 




 Well that's not a nice thing to say to someone who seems happy with his/her decision. 




 For me usually

Athenes - dealing with high ap nuker (LB, Syndra, etc.)

Morello - dealing with ap tanks (namely Swain) + when you need extra CDR but rather get mpen boots. 




 I should stop investing so much in kitty beds and sofas... This is pretty much all cats need.

Also she would make a great submission to /r/photoshopbattles. 




 I... like Meth! *hehehehe* I... like Meth! *hehehehe* 




 You just doomed that guy! RIP his social life. /s

Thanks for being a cool dude to the newbie. I remember when I started out I was really nervous about playing with other people because I lacked confidence. 




 Something tells me you are also a fine archer. 




 LotR + TES? Yes please. Well done. 




 This made me smile. I'm not OP, but thank you. 




 I should despise Roose Bolton to the death but because it was portrayed by [Michael McElhatton](http://pre10.deviantart.net/402d/th/pre/i/2015/099/9/0/michael_mcelhatton__got_premiere__by_valeria122-d8p40xc.jpg) I found it a teensy bit difficult. He looks like a very well-aged Daniel Craig. (I love both of them.) He might not fit GRRM's description of Roose Bolton's appearance in the books to the last detail, but his voice is perfect. 




 I've found that a lot of League fan artists are fond of Draven! You really captured his persona well. Zed is a bit more psycho than I would like him to be but that's one of the reasons that make this illustration so great. Hope to see more of you! 




 I love how the typeface matches that in the game! Really gives it an authentic feel. 




 If Younger Robert, then for sure! 




 lol my nerdiness peaked and I checked Infosphere. According to [the transcript](http://theinfosphere.org/Transcript:The_Honking), it was indeed in singular. I'll leave my persistence here now :p 




 Op, you may have to get your oven checked. One is toasted only on one side and the other is burnt! 




 Me too. Does he say Eagle Eye"s"? To my recollection he just said eagle eye. 




 Also looks incredibly wise. I would like to get some life advice from this dog. 




 To be fair, I love South Park and agree with a lot of its messages. Even in that episode the actual conclusion wasn't so TRP. :/ 




 Irish me up anytime cap'n. 




 Delish! Diamond ProX is another fine looking young man but not an exemplary sportsman unfortunately. :( 




 Seems shopped, but I agree he looks dapper as fuck in vests. 




 "How come we're not ascending? ... Oh, right, the sins..." 




 3 I melt. I hope they are adopted together!  




 Incoming belly rubrubs followed by swift retaliation :p RIP white clothes. Mine on the other hand sheds white fur like crazy which complements my black clothes quite well... 




  All men pay for sex.

I start reading this sentence and those following it in Butters's voice in the Bottom Bitch episode. "He has to listen to her motherfucking problems because she kisses him!" 




 I doubt OP in the thread would see this, but I've dated guys who were shorter than me and in those cases there were always a turning point for me. At first I was just good friends with them and then I suddenly started seeing them as bf material. One was a romantic poet sort of guy, and the other protected me from a stalker. That kind of turning points.

I hope girls eventually give this a guy a chance. You never know how things will turn out. 




 lol yeah. And I love how he just said "wat" after the Darq copypasta. Pure definition of dumbfounded. 




 No. everywhere else in the world those are known as Middle Eastern countries you guys are calling them Asian to be politically correct and ultra sensitive.

I didn't realize calling them Asian would be deemed an act of political correctness.

Also it took me too long to look up and see that this was a TRP thread. I shouldn't have tried to understand. 




 My Reddit level is way too low. I recognized only two or so. 




 He reminds me of Pewdiepie. In a good way! 




 This is a great rule to live by. Thank you!  




 Too bad a person's talent is not a measure of his/her character. I like Mel Gibson's movies too. 




 LOL I was caught up on that too. I wish my school offered that kind of class when I was younger. Seems like a sweet course. 




 He also reminds me of Jack Gleeson, who was pretty much hazed by every person he came in contact with in public. I guess in his case it just showed how terrific he was at acting the part of Joffrey but I can see that tearing him down until he became sick and tired of being recognized everywhere. It's funny how some people want to act for glamour and others just want to act and be left alone otherwise.  




 You're not alone. It may not be a fitting installment of a series loved and revered by many, but the movie itself was okay. Of course there's always a chance that I may have fangirl'd too much over the presence of Ewan McGregor and Liam Neeson. 




 I love her mom (dad?) is like "not this again". xD She's adorable. 




 Better yet, have them draft a contract for future uses. "Every other Saturday shall be a Family Saturday and Party B shall comply with whatever Party A deems appropriate"! 




 Same here. I think we are the lucky few. Did they put you to sleep by any chance? I was asleep the whole time and just felt general numbness when I woke up. A couple of Tyrenols later I was 4 wisdom teeth and pain free.

My friends who had local anesthesia on the other hand weren't so lucky :( 




 Drama within drama, a [student](https://np.reddit.com/r/Dentistry/comments/39vqnk/dentists_of_reddit_are_you_happy/cs76eeb) of the discipline challenges the currence practice. 




 Oh yeah, I guess you could look at it that way too. With so many FPH lurkers around I'm prone to assume pics like this were posted with sinister intention... 




 Uggh I see. Thank you. I got my wisdom teeth pulled out and I couldn't be happier with the result. Sure it was expensive, but I'd had to go through months of pain beforehand and felt so free when they were out. I can't imagine why anyone would be this so stupid and childish over something like this.  




 What is "TRP lingo" that the other commenter was talking about? I tried browsing through TRP once and I just couldn't finish reading one thread... 




 I'm glad FPHers are getting some of the wittiest insults I've seen, but I resent the fact that this photo was posted to /r/funny. :( At first I thought the title might have been totally unrelated (maybe because of her expression) but noooo it had to be about her having a heavy bf. Yeah that's REALLY funny. /s 




 GoT reference. 




 Nothing. 




 It's unrelated to the drama itself but wow Chris Pratt married Anna Faris? That's awesome! I don't know why exactly but I really like her. They should make a really fun couple to hang out with. 




 that looks amazing. I love cheesecake that use Oreo crumbs for the crust part and this has a whole Oreo on top! Your brother is very lucky. 




 I don't think he makes for a better Daario (I wanted him to be more exotic) but this guy is gorgeous as hell. 




 Aww that is just adorable... I am a cat person but I'm so envious of people who live with dogs whenever I see something like this. 




 I love how you reply with a disapproving face every single time. I like you. 




 I'm going to start doing this... only with a real bell! 




 Aww. Did the original one from the show have bubbles as well? I only remember the pipe... 




