 But you're alright to stare at a naked Newman, or do you find them pleasing to the eye?  




 Holy Shit, you're pathetic. Can you hurry up and have a heart-attack, you wheezing bag of offal? 




 Such apathy 




 I reckon.

And here I was with my rape-gloves ready and my trenchcoat well-oiled. All for nothing. 









 Give the Repopulation a shot. It's in Alpha but it's pretty fun from what I've played. 




 But why? 




 Wait, it doesn't support AMD?

How am I able to render, then? Or is the quality severely reduced?

 




 Awesome article! 




 Yeah, I'm strangely attracted to men who are fucking cool, that I have a good time with. It's crazy I know! But there's just something about laughing and smiling and sharing some fun moments that turns me on.

All of my keks. 




 I guess a lot of it comes down to the belief that many of  these guys have that women care less about looks, and that all you need is a good personality to get a relationship.

Which is fallacious, of course, because women are as shallow as men and the good-looking girl these guys are expecting to woo through personality alone won't come but neither will the bad-looking girl.  




 Life is bleak.

 




 Beauty is subjective to a point. It's been well-documented that all cultures believe facial symmetry=beauty.

You have no idea what my personality is. You're arguing at me through the perception that I fit into the 'niceguy' category; I don't because I don't blame women for my problems as I don't blame myself. It just is the way it is.

You can tell who's a FA type right off the bat and usually you nope out before they get clingy/obsessive or downright nasty.

That's what you tell yourself, then? It's more likely that you mark those you deem unattractive as FA/trp/neckbeards/niceguys and then make excuses for the character flaws of better looking men.

You're arguing from the assumption that you and other people in relationships have 'good' personalities, which is utter bullshit. The fact of the matter is that people make concessions for the flaws they find in attractive people over the flaws they find in unattractive people.

Don't fool yourself. No one gives a shit about your 'personality'; they like you because you fit into a range of attractiveness determined by society. You really think you'd be such a 'good' person if you looked as I do?  




 Hadn't checked her profile.

It's funny that the sorts of people that berate and bemoan our existence are weak, seething sacks of vileness. It's kind of insulting that she's even trying to give advice on 'personality' when she clearly has a terrible one and has still had relationships. 




 Lel. 

So you're agreeing with me, then? That women treat me the way they do because of how I look? 

I don't lash out at women, anyway. I 'lash out' at malicious hypocrites like yourself that damn ugly men for feeling down about their lack of success with women, and force feed them these lies about personality. 

You're shallow, I'm shallow, everybody's shallow. Personality means little compared to physicality.

 Get over it and be thankful that you weren't born ugly. I'd be thankful if I hadn't been born at all. 




 Although I can't give examples of everyday racists in relationships, besides the casual racism of one of my friends, Mel Gibson, John Mayer, Donald Stirling ( now *he* is a good argument against the myth of personalitymoney/looks) are all notable racists who have been in many relationships, I'd assume.

This sub is for making fun of pitiful "nice guys' that think being the bare minimum for a human being entitles them to sex / reciprocated affection, and who are actually not very nice at all.

[Top post, clear emphasis on the guy's face and the irony in his words](http://i.imgur.com/dIMJAuR.jpg)

[Top post, huge emphasis on the guy's face, more so than what he's actually saying](http://i.imgur.com/BHZD6Ep.jpg)

You honestly think that if these guys had been attractive, they'd still get the same attention from your sub?

 




 You're a self pitying racist twat from the looks of your profile

No, shithead, I was criticizing some dickhead who had called a black woman a monkey because she'd attacked a white woman. Did you even read my comments on that matter? Besides, what does it matter whether I'm racist or not? Many racists are in relationships.

You're a fool if you think ugly guys can 'overcome' their ugliness by having a stunning personality. Would you date an ugly man? Look at the sub that you're in. The entire purpose of this cystic place is to make fun of unattractive people, with the excuse that it's their 'personalities' that is the problem.

I suggest you take a look at yourself and be thankful that you received validation to uphold such delusion. 




 I could have any attitude I wanted and I'd still be single. 

The world isn't just, stop trying to convince yourself that it is. 

When someone gets rejected constantly despite following 'advice' from such 'enlightened' individuals as yourself, it's near impossible to maintain any kind of positive attitude. 




 I dress nicely.

I am not fat.

I shave and shower regularly.

None of this will change my face, friend. If you truly believe that 'being attractive is easy', then you are either wilfully ignorant or maliciously cynical.

Most wealthy people inherit their wealth, are they go-getters? 




 The Long Dark and Subnautica are pretty well done, though... 




 Don't bother arguing with him, man.

The guy's using the same tactics my twelve-year old brother used to. 




 Yeah, nice trolling, beb.

You got me good. 




 Alright, mate.

I know your game, and I know I won't win an argument against someone with either the logical reasoning of a cucumber or wilful trolling.

Good luck to you, buddy. 




 Whatever,man. 

You know full well why you're being upvoted, and why you used that term in relation to a topic unnecessarily turned into something about race. 

The title says, 'black women...white lady', it's been framed in the topic of race, therefore obviously changing the connotation of your comment. 

'People are monkeys', you didn't say-- you said 'Monkeys are going to be monkeys' with a clear underlying tone of who in the video you deemed to be the monkey. Or are you saying you weren't defending the girl who'd been attacked, and calling her a monkey instead for no reason? The people upvoting you know this as well, but believe that because you aren't yelling, " I hate blacks," you're not being overtly racist and they can silently confirm their own latent racist beliefs. 

 You're the racist that assumes a monkey has to be black, 

This isn't high school, you invalid. Twisting your connotations won't work on people with an inkling of common sense. Keep your poorly-hidden racism to yourself. 

You're pathetic. 




 Why is this cunthole getting upvoted? 

Fuck you, you're the monkey; a monkey so afraid of other people solely on the basis of them having a different skin colour. 




 So, looks, money, status, etc? You support the O.O.P's point,then? 




 So, wait... you disagree that confidence attracts women? 




 [M'lady :^)](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-_bqDa8IVfto/VP8RWii9S3I/AAAAAAAAAHk/f3a--zE_nkU/s1600/Cartoon21.jpg) 




 Wh...where do we get this magical 100 MB/s? I'm stuck at 4.5 at $100 a month. 









 :l  




 PUSSY MUSE OVER EXISTENTIAL QUESTIONS OF IDENTITY, REALITY AND MEANING 




 Yeah, the pickup line was me being facetious and I guess that didn't work.

I agree with you that the dog pick is strange but I've go literally no other photos besides shitty selfies taken on my laptop. 




 The Guardians of Ga'Hoole.

Sure, it's a kid's book but one of my favourite series as a kid.

For something more adult, I recommend The Dark Tower by Stephen King. 




 It's all just ego-inflating,man. 

A lot of the submissions here are of people who the OP deems unworthy of their attention, so they boost their egos by posting it as a token of how much better they are than this particular individual.

Disclaimer: Most posts however are actually legitimately creepy posts and can provide a decent example of what not to do for those of us that have trouble discerning what is and isn't 'creepy'. 




 Shit, you live a pretty hard life,eh? 




 *Such hardships, such oppression* 




 Looks like *someone* needs their rotors oiled! 




 Yeah, I should probably take my profile pic more seriously. I just have no photos of myself at all. :/ 




 They generally just chill or go into hiding. Their bite is pretty painful,though. 




 Don't worry,op! 

Huntsmen are bros!  




 Photos: http://imgur.com/uGjp5UZ,voiZQ7F

Description: " I write and lift dogs. I also speak Russian, in case you wanted to know that.

Additonal: 20/M/S, using sporadically over the last month ( only really two-three times) Main photo is the one without the dog. Have gotten about 5-6 matches since using, although one was a bot and a couple unmatched straight away ( probably shouldn't have opened up with, " Is that a salami in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?") 




 I dunno,man. 

In a way it's commendable that you've soldiered on so long because I know that if I hit 25 and I'm still the way I am, it's the rope for me. I just can't fathom living this sort of life for 33 years. 




 Jesus Christ.

You made 33 years without offing yourself? How do you manage?  




 No, dude, but CONFIDENCE

Don't you see the CONFIDENCE that they're displaying? They're just BEING THEMSELVES. I mean, sure, it's not the self that others want to see, but they're SO DAMN CONFIDENT. 

Those ladies' panties are sloshing, I tell ya! CONFIDENCE is the key to winning a girl's heart! 




 HAHAHA,WOW! THANKS, TAYLOR,HAHAHAHA, HOW RELATABLE!!! WHAT A FUNNY AND TOPICAL MEME! 




 Oh, fuck off with this bullshit. 

Face reality; these poor cunts have the cards stacked against them from the get-go, and I doubt that showering and buying new clothes would fix the years of social ostracising that led them to adopt this weirdness.

Sometimes the cost and relatively poor outcomes of entering the dating world is far more detrimental than just living in a fantasy world like these guys do.  




 Yep, under the sheet.

He's pretty clean,though. 




 Sorry to disappoint but I sent her a text and she hasn't replied for the entire day. I think it's gg, unfortunately.  




 After a few messages or so. I've been told you have to be quick, I guess I might have been too quick? She said sometime next week might be good, though. 




 Ha, yeah. 

Probably not my best opener. 




 Bulldog raspy crickets and centipedes.

I would burn the world if it meant I could get rid of those demons. 




 I recently started with online dating and after setting up my profile, began to send off a bombardment of messages.

A couple of girls replied, one negatively ( I asked her if she liked A Serbian Film because she was Serbian) and one relatively positively. It turned out that the girl who responded favourably was into a lot of the things I liked as well. 

I figured it wouldn't hurt asking for her number, not expecting anything, and she agreed. We moved to text and I asked whether she wanted to hang out sometime in the week, to which she replied that she was busy but would let me know if she was free.

I'm not really used to interacting with women like this, so I'm wondering if it's a bad sign that she said she'd let me know instead of just straight up saying yes or no. I also don't know whether I should wait or whether I should contact her again to see what she says.

What do you guys think?

Edit: Texted her and she didn't reply. GG, I guess. 




