 The only reason this happens is because I work 7-4 and instant oatmeal exists.  My work provides hot water and disposable coffee cups.  They also have a microwave and I have morningstar veggie sausages that I grab on the way out the door.  It also gives me an excuse to stall work for about 15 minutes while I prep and eat breakfast. 




 It does at the one near me 




 I just wish they had a no-cilantro version of rice and I would eat there so much more often :( 




 Didn't the same thing happen with Fame? 




 Awesome! Thank you so much for your help.  Can't wait to get started tonight! 




 Do you think the startbodyweight routine would be better than /r/bodyweightfitness?  I'm pretty sure I'll have trouble with the L-sits 




 LOL Yeah I was planning on skipping the handstand progression altogether to start out.  One thing I liked about this program vs other bodyweight programs is that it had stuff like assisted squats whereas i've seen other bodyweight programs throw you into bulgarian splits and I'm like "yeah i wouldn't be getting up off the toilet after those" 




 Liz Lemon is my spirit animal. 




 I had this exact routine about 6 years ago while I was on vacation from school.  The only thing that helped me was fasting as notoriousrdc said and then getting into a routine and sticking to it.

Also, **your bed is only for sleep and sex**.  Otherwise it will take you forever to actually fall asleep once you are ready to go to sleep because you've been in bed all day watching Netflix and your brain is like "so what, we've been doing this all day..."   




 Yeah I've already asked around in their Moron Monday thread and they suggested modifying.  Their beginner routine already says to skip certain parts of the routine until you have mastered others.  I'm even going more basic, like doing fewer sets to start out so I don't hurt myself. 




 Anyone here do the /r/bodyweightfitness beginners program?  Thoughts?  I'm obese (5'5, 235lbs), eating 1500 calories, tons of protein and vegetables, and I want to get strong.  Home workouts work best for me and I've seen people recommend it.  I've also looked into SC at home, but I think I like the bodyweight fitness program better.  I just wanted some opinions. 




 Got it.  Thanks for your help!   




 Yup, my dad died very unexpectedly and we had to have a very modest memorial service and cremation because he was unemployed after losing his business in 2006 and my mom didn't get shit because she's an educator.  I also had tons of health issues when I was in high school (including a surgery) and the insurance fought so much of it because it's so shitty. 




 I feel like I can complete half the things with challenge but the other half takes significant difficulty (which would probably lead to the horrible DOMS).  I'm more than willing to work up to it, though.  See how it goes the first day.  Honestly, it's mostly the lower body.  If my legs don't work I can't function.  I've never had similar DOMS in my upper body. 




 True.  We would just make traffic worse and have to pay exorbitant property taxes anyways 




 Well up until 10 days ago it was binge and purge.  But now people know so I guess....nothing really.   




 Went to Austin for girls' weekend with my two best friends and had a blast.  Walked a ton, it was hot as balls, swam in Barton Springs, took tons of pictures. Looking at the pictures I had some pretty big realizations about my health, though.  My appetite is pretty much gone and any cravings I get are pretty much squashed by looking at those pictures. Plus I have a cruise in December to look forward to and a son who I never want to ask me "Why are you so fat??"

Also, I want to move to Austin. 




 Same goes for an electric kettle. Check out Alton brown's kettle eggs 




 I am an obese , full-time-working new mom (as of 9 months ago).  The training guide seems very straightforward.  I have my diet under control thanks to MFP and am eating 1550 calories/day. I don't have any equipment whatsoever.  As I progress, I will be adding to the equipment so I can get in the workouts.

I guess my question is more general fitness-related.  Recently, whenever I've tried any new workout I usually end up so sore two days later that I can't get up off the toilet or out of my chair at work without serious grandma-ing.  It hurts to walk and do everything. The DOMS are so intense that I literally cannot pick up my child to change his diaper.  I'll admit, this usually leads to me thinking "shit, I can't deal with this, I have to be able to function" and am then on the lookout for another routine.

Should I take it easy and maybe not do all the strength sets the first week? 
 




 Last week was the first week where this wasn't true.  I work in an office and I had no excuse to not take in a packet of instant oatmeal and some frozen yakisoba noodles and frozen vegetables from costco.  So much cheaper, so fewer calories.  But before this week it's probably been almost every morning for the last 3 years (or at least 3 times per week).  Oh the money I could have saved.  I need to apologize to my husband. 




 Don't be that dick who cuts off a tractor-trailer with only 2 car lengths of room.  You're risking more than just your own life.   




 As a wife, I don't see the fucking point either.  Nobody ever goes into our room, we have separate blankets because we're both blanket hogs which makes it doubly complicated.  The rest of the house looks decent, and with a 9 month old son I consider that a fucking accomplishment. 




 I can't even drink soda anymore.  I'm on a medication that makes anything carbonated taste flat to me (it acts as an inhibitor for carbonic anhydrase, which is necessary for the CO2 (fizz) tasting system).  I was not happy when I discovered this (Diet Coke addict), but I know it's a good thing for my body. 

 




 Booyah  




 I had the same reaction to the heartbeat as you.  Wasn't emotional or anything.  "That's pretty cool!"  I also had the same fears as you regarding not loving my child.  

You may not immediately connect with your baby.  It happens, and it's no big deal.  Motherhood may suck for a while, since the first couple of months your baby eats, poops, sleeps, and cries.  How much he/she does of each depends on your baby.

If you put effort into it and make sure you take care of yourself mentally and take care of the needs of your baby you will get there.  You will probably connect with your child.  

I had a small group of 3 friends that I constantly texted with before I was married and then we kept in touch until before I was pregnant and now that my son is 9 months.... we're doing a girls weekend this weekend.  We are still the same.  They love my son, they love seeing pictures and seeing him in person and hearing about him.  We still talk and do all the normal things.  I may not have been able to see them as much as I was able to before, but that's ok.  Things change.

You don't have to do anything you don't want to do.  However, social development is important for your child and that means interacting with other children.  That may mean chatting with their mothers/fathers/guardians and being polite and listening to their conversations while your child learns to play with other children.

I'm being 100% honest with you here in saying that one aspect of being a mother is giving up some selfishness. 




 There's always the possibility if his wife gained a lot more weight over a certain period of time and other things were affected (like libido) that depression could have a lot to do with it.  A very active person suddenly get depressed, doesn't want to cook for herself, doesn't want to get up and do anything as much, and the weight is very easy to put on in that case.  I would say if his wife gained the weight recently and she's open to seeing a doctor that she go see a GP, get a full hormone and lipid panel and the doctor may ask how she's feeling emotionally and may refer her to a mental health specialist.

That's at least how it went with me. 




 True.  I used to be one of those people.  My husband still is one of those people sometimes.  I just don't get it anymore.  There are better things I could be wasting my brain power on than who I could get in front of to get home .05 seconds quicker. 




 As someone in Houston who owns a Prius C, YES.  It's like really? Your balls aren't going to shrink because you let a Prius get in front of you, ya twat waffle.  The number of times people speed up so they can get in front of me in a lane on a freeway (no matter how little room there is in front of me) is mind-boggling. 




 Something similar happened with my husband.  He had a stuffed animal growing up, Pup-Pup, that he took everywhere.  They had to replace it a few times, but they kept a copy of Pup-Pup at his grandma's house that wasn't used much but stuck around.

Fast forward years later and we find out we're pregnant with a boy.  At the baby shower we open a gift from his grandma and it's the copy of Pup-Pup that my husband had at his grandma's.  It's now in my 9 month old son's toybox.  I hope Pup-Pup ends up as loved as the right-hand Peter Rabbit was 




 See if it continues to happen or if the 4am wakings start tapering off.  We thought this happened around 4 months but my son started sleeping through the night.  It was awesome.  

If she *did* happen to cry it out at 4am, it's ok.  It's happened to all of us and you're not a bad mom.  A bad mom wouldn't feel guilty :) 




 Keep an eye out for groupons in your area.  I got enough sessions for my underarms for $200, when the original price was like $5k.  It's a ridiculous markup.  Another route to go would be electrolysis, which is TRUE permanent hair removal (laser is not permanent, it will eventually grow back), which can run $80 for an hour session and can take up to like maybe 5 sessions per area 




 Maybe they can just do the rest of us a favor and stay there permanently 




 Guys say to be obvious with them and then you do shit like that.  I guess we have to say things like "Hey, I want to have sex with you." 




 Isn't a Cali King technically not as wide as a King, but it's longer?  




 At my company, we accrue sick leave at a certain rate per month, adding up to a certain amount of days per year.  If we don't use them, they roll over to the next year.  They do max out at a certain number of days total (like you don't accrue any more after your sick leave reaches 80 days), because my company offers short term and long term disability insurance (free of charge for employees). So if you're needing to be out for that long, why would you want to use all your sick days when you take 2 weeks, then activate your disability? 




 Yeah my husband works from home and my MIL was a housewife and finds fulfillment in that so she comes over and cares for our 9 month old son. We definitely lucked out.  It's great that you have something similar. Anything helps.  




 It's worth it to grit your teeth and grow it out for that first time. It doesn't seem to itch as much when it grows after a wax vs after shaving 




 Wtf just get a Brazilian! Save yourself the time and pain.  




 This is perfect for me! I'm going out of town this weekend with some girl friends so I will definitely be utilizing this :) 




 God yes this.  We were so lucky that I got pregnant a few months after I started a decently paying job and our situation is such that we don't have to pay for child care.  I know not everyone is advantageous enough to be in the same position, but make sure you have finances planned out as best as you can beforehand and agreed upon and you are sticking to it before you bring another human into the world.  
 




 I can't find this stuff ANYWHERE.  I want to try the lemon cake flavor so bad 




 I don't want to see any more Alyssa's Secret, I want to see her go away for 6 weeks for All Stars 2 and then a wedding and a honeymoon in Cabo San Lucas! 




 I'm having a really hard time getting my footing in this working out thing.  I have a 9 month old and work full time from 7am-4pm.  I don't want to miss much time with him so I'm considering doing blogilates' beginner program for 4 weeks since I'm so fucking out of shape, it's been like 18 months since I've been "in shape".  Then maybe transitioning to Strong Curves.

I'm also fucking exhausted.  I admitted to my therapist last week that I have an eating disorder (BN) that has developed over the last 3 months or so, so I'm in therapy and on a medication for that which of course makes me feel even more tired.  But I can do 25-30 minutes a day to start out...
 




 I grabbed this for my house last week and my husband comes out of the bathroom the next day and asks why I hate him. Didn't even realize what I had done.  




 My husband stopped getting spanked when he threatened to hit them back.  He was big for an 8 year old. 




 I pay monthly for the bottled water delivery because I'm so picky and it's the only thing that doesn't taste funny to me.   




 House cleaning service.  A month after my son was born I ended up getting it for myself, she comes once a month and does a fantastic job.  But if someone would've gotten it for me for once before or after the baby was born it would've made a huge difference (she runs ~$80 per visit).  

Also, for baby, a rock and play is the best thing ever.  It is like a baby hammock.  We just retired ours at 9 months old because my son has to start sleeping in his crib now (ugh, sleep training) but it was seriously a lifesaver so many times. 




 ROCK AND PLAY.  Best thing ever. 




 All of them.  To be fair, the relationships were either high school relationships or my husband.   




 I consider myself a Christian, my husband likes the ideas of Jesus Christ but isn't anymore convinced that the Christian God is real.  We go to church once or twice a month.  We are very progressive in our beliefs, I actually lean more towards universalism nowadays.  I want to raise him in the community of the church without the shame that I was raised with as a Southern Baptist that was always being told that sex is dirty and evil.  

I much prefer the way the Lutheran church handles it.  We had him baptized at 6 months, and when he goes through Confirmation classes around 13 years old or so he can decide for himself if he feels that he wants to continue with his spiritual journey in Christianity or if he wants to move on.  I don't want to pressure him into believing something blindly like I was pressured as a child. 




 We have a 9 month old son but this is basically what we plan on doing.  Adding chores and taking things he values away, as well as time outs.  My husband and I were both spanked but we feel it was unnecessary, even though we turned out somewhat normal. 




 Before I had a son I definitely did all the time.  Especially to our cat Evelyn.  There's a song by Josh Ritter called Evil Eye, so we started calling Evelyn "Evil Eye" because she used to howl at night and the song fit her so well:

He’ll laugh and say that he can’t sleep

And he don’t know the reason why

Maybe it’s the evil eye

Oh, that awful, evil eye

Remember how he used to hold you close

Now in the middle of the night

Oh, the evil eye

Oh, that awful, evil eye

Someone must really have it in for him

The way they’re sticking him with pins [claws]

Oh, ooh

Now we sing to our son, and replace any word possible with Rhys. 




 You would be correct. Definitely a cut.  




 Thank you so much!  I'll stick to that then :) 




 I am 235lbs at 5'5.  Obese.  I love weight lifting and have seen results from it in the past, but recently had a kid (ok, 9 mos ago) and am ready to get back to it.  

The book suggests I eat 11 x 235 = 2585 calories to lose weight.  I plan on doing a 3 lift week and 3 days of walking, is this still too much to eat?

Also it says to eat 1g of protein for every pound of body weight, not lean body mass.  So I have to eat 235g of protein a day?

The IIFYM calculator says to eat 1880 calories for moderate weight loss with 3 days/week of working out.  I'm just a little confused.  I figure I'll try 1880 this week and if I'm just extremely ravenous I may up it, I guess. 




 We just installed our SimpliSafe.  It's nice to not have to deal with salespeople.  And that alarm is fucking LOUD. 




 I know it's been over 2 months since this was posted but I weigh 235 and am obviously overweight. Does that mean I have to eat 235g of protein? Or is it lean body mass? I've heard too much protein can fuck up your kidneys.  




 I think when Rhys was 3 months I let him have an overnight at my in laws. For the last 3 months he's been going over there once a week. Once I knew they could care for him if needed I was more ok with it. My MIL definitely understood and kinda proved to me she could do everything, including taking a first aid and child/infant CPR class.  




 7th grade English class. We are now 28, married, with a 9 month old son.  




 I liked lady in the water... 




 I am the same way. Then one time I was at my SO's for the weekend and clogged the toilet but the plunger wasn't working. He had to reach a hand into shit water to plunger everything and cracked up afterwards. It's not horrible. He didn't stop loving me. We are married now. Nbd.  




 If I could, I would eat that cream that they squeeze inside cannoli's with a spoon, and I think that's made with ricotta.  MMmmmm 




 Which muffins are 100 calories for 4 servings? 




 Where did you get those tins from? 




 I'm sort of in the same camp as those people.  I have great hair and lips and my boobs are ok, but I don't really like anything else.  I loathe looking in the mirror because of my weight and have hirsutism from PCOS that makes me look like I have a constant 5 o'clock shadow on certain parts of my face (despite plucking/waxing/lasering).   




 I don't *like* being called ma'am because I still feel 18, but honestly I don't give a shit as long as it's not insulting in any way.  I've noticed to get my attention some people whose second language is English will say "lady" when trying to get my attention.  Honestly I don't give a crap. 




 It's been a while since I've posted baby pics on here!  

[Father's Day with Daddy and Papa (grandpa)](http://i.imgur.com/dr88Yzf.jpg)

[Snacktime!](http://i.imgur.com/KDNExGe.jpg)

[Silly duck hat with daddy](http://i.imgur.com/VBVSpT8.png)

[8 months old!](http://i.imgur.com/H1SvnB6.png)

[Perfect Plank](http://i.imgur.com/ogLSe21.png)

[Practicing crawling with daddy](http://i.imgur.com/lPj7cHf.png)

[Post-bath mowhawk](http://i.imgur.com/lEmc7o4.png)

[Fell asleep on the couch with daddy](http://i.imgur.com/a3qK6Vy.png)

This post makes me realize I need to get out from behind the camera with him.

[Here's one with me](http://i.imgur.com/eb0shul.jpg) 




 I just have one word of advice (from my husband): if you don't connect with the baby immediately, don't worry. Babies are basically pooping potatoes for the first few months. But once they start interacting with you, it's awesome.  




 Wouldn't it go flat by the time you were done with it (assuming you had no stealing roommate)? 




 I'm with you on that.  Papa Johns is the best in our area.  Also, there's not a Domino's or Pizza Hut close enough to deliver here, but Papa Johns still shines above them all.  I try to steal my husband's crust to dip in that garlic butter sauce 




 They're making a second one... 




 Well other than all the awesome things Texas has to offer, seeing the hissy fits on Facebook from the older conservatives is pretty hilarious right now.  




 My son went to sleep early so I went to mcdonalds in the lightning storm currently happening for mcdoubles and mini bundts. Just finished them off with my husband while watching American Dad.  




 There is nothing like having someone understand your thyroid problems. I started a new job in April and my coworker who I share an office with also had half of her thyroid removed and totally gets how, even with medication, I'm always tired.  It's awesome.  




 Younger babies you just use the Jesus. And if you ever have kids you'll realize they are so much more sturdy than you think. We found this out after my husband dropped our son at 10 days old from about 5 feet accidentally. No harm done.  




 Oh yeah, there are some companies that recommend sending the necklaces in every few months to replenish whatever bullshit magic wears off to help the teething 




 I haven't been through potty training our son yet but this is from personal experience.

My #1 tip is if he's not ready and having lots of accidents, don't force him to stay in big boy underwear.  I was forced into panties at 3 years old and was terrified of having an accident, so I held in my poop (also called encopresis).  This led to painful trips to the bathroom and it was a vicious cycle that wasn't fixed until I had sheer willpower at the age of 12.  Now my mom says she should have listened to her friends and put me back in pull-ups.  They had literally tried everything, including rewards, punishments, etc... and nothing worked.

I know this isn't typical, I'm just passing on the information from my mom.   




 Guess I'm not a Real American^TM then.  




 I mean when will say, Texas, start issuing marriage certificates to gay couples? 




 When does this take effect?   




 I would've so had a crush on you in high school.  As a straight girl it wouldn't have been the first or last time either.  




 Cooking is an art but baking is a science. If you want to improvise a cookie recipe, be sure you know the science of baking beforehand because it's really easy to fuck it up 




 You and I have parallel professions. Business Solutions Analyst, 75k, Mathematics degree.  




 Business Analyst, $75k, Texas 




 The song from Singin' in the Rain? 




 Omfg basset hounds are the tits and basset puppies are adorable running sacks of skin.  




 Toss that shit under the broiler for some cinnamon toast! 




 I fucking love Peli Peli (shout out to the Huguenot) and this just makes it even more amazing.  




 According to my doctor (on mobile so can't bring up studies myself) ALL types of hormonal birth controls have been shown to have zero effect on weight.  Yes, the hormones could cause your appetite to increase and if you eat more calories than you need you'll gain weight.  However the hormones in the pill aren't directly causing you to gain weight.  You are still eating more than maintenance. 




 I will either skip breakfast (yay IF) or have bulletproof coffee to get my morning dose of fats in.  Everything else looks ok, I'd add some more fat in because too much protein can keep you out of ketosis 




 Downside: many of us are fat. 




 Seconded!  Good quality food or else you'll be spending $1100 on an emergency vet bill due to urinary crystals.  We used to feed Meow Mix, now we use Blue Buffalo and he hasn't been sick since. 




 I bought one.... I am going on 3 vacations this year after YEARS of no vacation and dammit, I'm going to use the shit out of that selfie stick. 




 My son is now 8 months old, and I started seeing positive things from my husband when my son started smiling, so probably around 2-3 months.   




 He became fucking amazing.  He helps out so much now, and seeing him get excited when our son discovers how to do something new is probably the best thing in the world.  We may be having a little less sex now but I feel that we are connecting more emotionally than before.  I put the less sex on me as I am still really struggling with feeling sexy and losing the baby weight.  

I was terrified he would check out because he didn't want kids to begin with but he wanted to marry me more than he wanted to remain child free.  We compromised on one, we probably won't have any more.  The first couple of months were a struggle because newborns are basically pooping, crying potatoes.  But we fought through those months together and now we have the most amazing, intelligent, curious boy and we both adore him and adore each other so much.   




 Is it ever too late to start signing?  My LO is 8 months and I'm regretting not signing yet, and it seems others his age are already picking it up. 




 RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers 




 About the allergenic foods: research is starting to show that it's actually OK to introduce these foods earlier than 1 year, some say as early as 4-6 months.  

http://www.slate.com/articles/double_x/the_kids/2015/03/peanuts_for_infants_to_prevent_food_allergies_give_infants_all_the_food.html

 




 If I don't have any housework and the baby is away and I have 24 hours to myself: sleep as much as possible is #1 priority.  Other than that, get my nails done, go shopping, sew, binge watch something on Netflix, eat a disgustingly bad for you meal, sleep some more. 




 They sell them here in Texas.  Many varieties at World Market, and one or two at Target. 




 Oh god and now there are online Facebook pyramid scheme parties.  I wear fake nails, I don't want your fucking Jamberrys.  Nor do I want your Scentsy, organizers, or anything else you are selling.   




 Same! I get them because I will bite them down and never stop picking at them. Plus it makes my hands look pretty 




 Where the fuck do you ladies meet these horrible people that say stuff like this to you?   




 LOVE IT. currently on my first period after having it.  Cramps beforehand sucked but were manageable. Love not having to worry about a pill very much (I'm still on a low dose BC pill for hormone imbalances due to PCOS).   




 Dang, I didn't know that. Glad I got mine after having a kid 




 I have an Honest Co. subscription and I love it.  If you find the Honest Co fit your baby best, I'd go with them.  The only thing is that we use Huggies overnights now because he's sleeping through the night and he leaks.  I don't want to wake him up at 3am to change him.  Otherwise they're awesome.  We always get compliments on the cute designs, too.

OH ALSO, the wipes are THICK and have ridges, which I LOVE.  I like quite a bit of padding between my fingers and poop. 




 Yes, you're correct, it's always there.  I should probably note I have no background in nutrition, but have done plenty of research on keto and pre-diabetes for my own sake.  So if something is wrong that I say, please feel free to correct me more :) 




 It helps manage cravings by reducing the amount of insulin that is secreted because there is no blood glucose.  Increasing blood glucose (whether by gluconeogensis or just eating carbohydrates) triggers insulin secretion.  If blood sugar is increased because of cortisol, insulin secretion increases, which leads to a little fluid retention.

If I'm wrong, please tell me why I'm wrong.   




 So if a person doing low-carb had an increase in cortisol from a stressful event, they could potentially be knocked out of ketosis from the rise in blood sugar from gluconeogenises, which may result in some weight gain from fluid retention that usually happens when, for example, someone doing keto has a cheat day (holy run-on sentence).  But nothing like the 50+ lbs that this guy has gained. 




 What does the role of cortisol play in all of this?  I've recently started a (doctor suggested) ketogenic lifestyle and have been listening to podcasts for motivation.  There is one big proponent of low carb (Jimmy Moore) who has recently packed on the pounds and claims it's all to do with not getting enough sleep and being stressed about his book deadlines.  He's also a big proponent of "calories don't matter when you're doing low-carb", whereas I think it's bullshit, that you still need to count calories even while doing low carb.  Do his excuses carry any weight? 




 That's fucking ridiculous. My son was in the NICU for 2 days and I was so thankful I had time to recuperate afterwards. Then he was in there another day for light therapy the first day I was home and I took the nurses' advice to get some rest before the fun began. 

Honestly my mental health couldn't have taken being off my medication along with the hard work breastfeeding is. Thankfully every medical professional and all my mom friends said that the mom's mental well being is so much more important to the baby than what it's being fed. I will continue to tell others who are pregnant the exact same thing.  




 1. To be able to take selfies with my friends when we're together and not dread the outcome

2. To be able to raise my son to be active and healthy without coming across as a hypocrite

3. Mental health benefits.  No more self-loathing, no more bingeing (sometimes coupled with purging)

4. To be able to shop for clothes that will usually look good on me (as a thinner person) than things that will rarely look good on me (mostly shapeless things)

5. To finally be able to say I'm a normal weight as an adult.  The closest I've been was 5 months after my dad unexpectedly passed away.  I was so heavily medicated and in grief that I didn't have an appetite.  I could drink a large coke from McD's and have a double cheeseburger and be fine for the day.

6. The reactions from people who haven't seen me in a long time.  Especially people who have been exceptionally mean to me for no reason.  Mainly one of my ex-friends whose last words to me were "go get more fat, bitch" (after I asked her to buy a $99 bridesmaids dress for my wedding).  Unfortunately I did get "more fat" (i think she said that because she thought it sounded more intelligent, even though "fatter" is correct), but now I'm getting less fat 




 There are such bullies in the new mom boards online. You'd think I was feeding my son coca cola by the way they've reacted to me giving him formula.  




 I woke up one day and decided I wasn't going to smoke synthetic weed anymore.  It came after realizing just how bad it was for me and realizing why I shouldn't like doing something that gives me constant panic attacks. 




 False.  It works on nipples. 




 Oh LOL! Not exactly sure... Maybe 1/4". If you call the wax place beforehand they should be able to tell you. I'd say if you shave give it a couple weeks to grow out a bit.  




 For someone who may not be very knowledgeable of all things theology, what would be a good resource (book, website, article, etc...) to read to learn about E Orthodoxy (that is, in 'layman's terms')? 




 A few weeks.  To be fair we had been really good friends for like 7 years, fooled around off and on since we dated in 9th grade, then when we got back together junior year of college the feelings had already developed.

On the other side of the coin, one of my best friends has been dating a guy for 3+ years and he will not say it. 




 It could take 15-30 minutes to get your first one done.  After that, each time you get one would probably be about 10 minutes. 




 For the love of God, get it re done at least every 6 weeks. Otherwise it'll grow back long again and hurt just as much. I go every 4 weeks and it hurts so much less when I go more often than when I let the forest grow back.  




 I always feel like that and I'm almost 8 months out :( 




 I'm fat but shrinking (down 30 lbs and beatig a sugar addiction) and I have an 8 month old son. He mostly doesn't eat anything that wasn't killed for its meat or picked from a plant. He occasionally gets rice crackers (maybe once a week) and eats things like liver and bone broth. I'm going to work very hard to teach him how to eat and encourage him to exercise and I've realized that I am absolutely his role model for these things. If I sit around eating mcdonalds all the time but tell him he can only have vegetables and meat he is going to resent me. I'll be damned if he has to go through the same shit I did when his health is under my control 




 An ex friend of mine who ended the friendship over having to buy a $99 bridesmaids dress is broke and can't keep a job. She is crazy, always trying to get people to buy her shitty art (looks like anime) and considers herself a model because she poses at art classes (not an art school) at a local museum. She also has local photographers photograph her for free and they get to keep the prints.  




 * He shows his physical attraction to me multiple times a day, even though i'm not big on physical affection.  Still makes me feel beautiful and loved.

* His stupid jokes crack me up

* He's such a wonderful dad

* He's so easy to talk to, though this may come from being friends with him since 7th grade

* He's *so* smart

* How protective he is of me and our son 




