









 Thank you :) I definitely see now how that makes more sense than what played out in my head.  




 Wow thank you for such a thought out response! The responses here has definitely opened my eyes. Sometimes, because of my BPD, I am quite delusional and cannot think clearly about things so it's always nice to get a second (or third opinion). I'll definitely try those things next time I'm feeling down. 




 I've depressed (diagnosed BPD) for about 9 years and have recently attempted suicide multiple times in the past year. I am currently on medication and in treatment but sometimes, the bad thoughts and suicidal feelings come around again. 

My boyfriend is diagnosed with bipolar disorder so he has problems of his own. I understand that but sometimes when I'm having these bad thoughts, I would message him about how upset I am and he'd tell me that he can't talk at the moment and that he hopes I feel better soon.

Specifically, this happened two nights ago when he was out with his friends. He later told me that after I told him that I was upset, his mood was ruined and he had to go home. 

I know my thinking is selfish but I'd love to get a second opinion on this. Am I wrong to feel like he should've done more when I tell him I'm upset? 

Tl;dr: upset at how boyfriend reacts at my depressive episodes  




 Really good reviews though! I really wish I could go :(  




 I have two reservations for the following event https://www.paintnite.com/pages/events/view/toronto/883973. The event is currently sold out. 

There is a cancellation fee if cancelling within 48hrs so I would like to sell my tickets to someone!

$56.50 for both!

I hope this is allowed but I am quite desperate to get rid of these :x  




 On Thursday, I will see a psychiatrist for assessment to see what kind of treatment and medications I will need. I'm so scared. I don't know what to expect. I don't even know if I want any help because I don't think I will ever get better.  




 I'm a 22 year old female with BPD in Canada. Feel free to message me :)  




 Always night time. But sometimes I get it mid-day as well and that's quite scary.  




 I took oral antibiotics but they didn't work so now I am on IV antibiotics for a week.  




 That sounds unlikely. Cat bites are very prone to infection and are unlikely to heal without antibiotics. 




 Both our cats are female and they are both spayed. 

Unfortunately, calling animal control is out of my control now as the doctor I saw in the ER reported it himself (by law). The neighbours have no reason to be angry because first of all, this is the second time their cat has injured someone and second of all, their cat was trespassing when this happened. 




 First of all, we do not have a cat door. Second of all, I live with other people and can't exactly keep an eye on the door at all times. Please do not assume that this occurred purely out of my stupidity.  




