 I sorry to hear that, it sounds like things are pretty bad for you right now. It is very difficult to know how to properly help you through Reddit, as well as me not being a counsellor. I would however suggest that you should try and talk to someone such as the Samaritans or other charity that is available where you live. Things are obviously pretty serious for you and talking to someone who is a good listener may be a start to getting back on the road to recovery. Could you afford to pay to see a counsellor? They may be able to help provide support. 




 Have you tried searching Google for "cofounder dating". You may find someone useful there, I managed to arrange a meeting with a sales guy for next week for my idea through a site I found: 

http://founderdating.com/ - Seems to be for the US market
https://www.cofounderslab.com/ - Seems to be more for the UK market. 




 Be aware that melatonin will affect your sleeps phase-response curve. Taking too much melatonin at night, greater than the 25 micrograms that they typical adult male produces from the pineal gland means that it is still in your bloodstream the next morning. For some people this means that the body thinks it is still night time long after the sun has risen the next day. That means you won't go to sleep the next night at the expected time as you are phase shifted. The diagram on this page explains it a little:

http://tinyurl.com/oldao5l

I found a lot of things didn't work for me. I eventually stopped eating dairy products and within a week I was doing much better. However that could be due having a better ability to breathe through my nose but I also expect that there was more going on - I just haven't had time to look into it yet. I also started taking 50mg of Trazadone and now sleep through at least 6 hours a night and frequently 7. 

I'll assume that you are an expert on the usual sleep hygiene stuff. I think most people on this board are!

Good luck. 




 Great and clear reply, thank you and taken on board! 




  No.
 
 For some bizzare reason you are assuming that the total worth of your venture happens to be exactly 500% his fees projected onto a non-sepcific period of time.

Could you expand on how you make this calculation please and maybe on why my way of thinking about it is wrong? I'm a techie rather than a financier and so I don't really follow you.
 




 That's a good idea, I like that one, thanks. 




 I don't quite follow where you say;

"advisor with less time demand (and no consulting fee) and earning say 1%"

Do you mean that he should not be paid his consulting fee and given a 1% share of the business for his work?

Thanks for the 'No-one's irreplaceable' comment. I have been thinking the same thing today. I'm slightly gutted though as he did seem to be such a perfect match. 




 Yep, that was my thought when heard he only had a half day a week. I didn't want to colour my post though. Thanks for your opinion.
 




 I would have thought that a couple hours of many different peoples time would create a product that didn't gel very well. A lot of people may contribute but when you don't use their work because it doesn't fit or wasn't very professional then they would get annoyed and refuse to help any further. It also takes time to understand the project and get a hang of the requirements. I am not sure that a couple of hours would be enough - I would expect 3-5 days would be the minimum that would be of use. Once you start getting to that sort of time requirement then most people probably want to be paid for the expertise, especially if they are good at what they do. 




 I am a computer programmer and I have been developing an online business platform to serve a professional market for about a year. There is still another 9 months to go before it will be fully launched.

 
I am considering taking on a business partner who is a member of the professional community that the site will serve. He seems to be the go-to guy in the industry for the product I am developing. As an example he wrote the ethical guidelines for the industries main professional body and has been considering the problem that I am solving over the last decade or more. He would help with system design and act as a gateway into his industry. If the business could raise further financing he would run the clinical trials for the product that could launch it into a much higher league. I therefore see him as a fortunate contact to have and he would make an excellent business partner. 


He would have half a day a week to work on the business. He wants 10% and also wants to be paid half his usual consultancy fee. He also mentioned that he could squeeze a profit from the cost of running the clinical trials which would come in at about £50k.


I have been fundraising recently and it looks like I can pay him the money he wants but I won’t at this stage be getting anything myself.


I have been thinking the following:


•	I will be doing at least 10 half days a week – probably 12;

•	He will be doing 1 half day a week.


He would therefore be due 9% of the business. However he wants to mitigate his risk by getting paid half his consultancy fee. To me that means he is now due 4.5% of the business. However I have done a year’s work already and so his share should come down to about 3-4%. He wants 10% and has agreed to vestment in principal.


He has also stated that when the money I have raised runs out he would only do a few weeks or months more work on the business without pay. He would then look to doing something else with his time.


As the business won’t be launched for about 9 months and it can only pay him for about 12 months, it looks like he may decide to leave about 6 months after launch.


If I take him on as a contractor then I am not sure that I have enough financing at this stage to get enough out of him. 


Would you sign such a partnership agreement with someone who had a great complimentary skill set?
 




