 I was told I might need an audio input device for higher qualities, and I want some more guitarist's opinion. Thanks. 




 Not at all. They would not be forced to sell it. 




 Wow, such heroism. They just couldn't make it up, could they? 




 The only reason we don't have cures for diseases like Parkinsons, cancer and Multiple Sclerosis is because  pharmaceutical corporations will lose trillions so they block the research. Like what happened to Royal Rife in the 1930s, his lab was burnt down, his work ridiculed and someone attempted murder on his life, because his camcer cure - dichloracetate -is so cheap to produce it would ruin pharma corps. 'Why cure a disease once off, when you can treat it for 80 years and charge a small fortune every single year' 




 The presidential elections are entirely fixed by corporations and the Rothschilds. 




 In the end, prices and taxes will keep rising and wages will keep falling. Making the gap between the 1% and the 99% insurmountable. To the point where people sell their souls in work just to survive, and have no money to spend on the free time they won't have. Slaves. 




 The keyboard upsets me 









 This sounds like the plot for the Purge 




 9/11 




 Jen, I have in my hands, The Internet 




 To go from being in secondary school, get up every morning and sit down all day, and switch to college and doing your first 12 hour shift is a tough switch up. I know it is standard for qualified nurses but it takes a bit of getting used to 









 Hi folks, I am a 19 year old male student nurse and I've completed my first of four years as a nursing student. Here in Ireland I'm qualified to work as a healthcare assistant, and I'm starting a summer job as one in a local nursing/care home. Is there any advice you can give to me as a young and relatively inexperienced carer, that would benefit me and the other staff there. I'm really looking for tips that will help me integrate with the rest of the care and nursing staff and prove that I'm competent and useful. I'm confident in my clinical skills and bedside manner. I want the other nurses to react well to me, and not think something like 'Oh no, im on the same shift as him, looks like extra work for me' or 'he knows nothing'

I'm also quite aware that the rest of the staff will be older than me, and I'm anxious that perhaps they will not take to me as kindly as someone who would have a lot more experience.

As you can tell I am quite nervous about starting. In my previous roles on placement as a student I've performed very well at the point of care and proved myself as an interested learner with good skills. Now as I shift from a student to the working world, I want to know what should the new guy look out for, and what to and not to do. 

TL;DR Student just got a summer job as a healthcare assistant, how can I be effective.

Thanks r/nursing I look forward to your feedback and help :) 




 I think I have to send off a few forms and present myself at the local NDSL centre, it's all very vague 




 Hi folks, Today I passed my driving test! I haven't gotten the license as it takes a week or so to get all the forms in place. I am wondering am I allowed to drive on my own now that I've passed, or do I still have to be accompanied until my license arrives? 




 I was really into this pornstar called Ripley Scott, she was on bangbus once and that's the only one video I've seen, but I never found anything else of her under that name 




 Some women just enjoy attention from guys. So when she settles down with a guy, she can miss the attention from others. Maybe she went on two dates with you to make herself feel more attractive and that guys out there are still attracted to her. Still a dick move on her part for leading you on. 




 Some must have Leek-ed out 




 Can our aircraft go that fast? Three timezones in 2 hours? 




 For a second or two at the start it looks a bit like Snoo, with the two orange dots surrounded by a white ball 




 I wouldn't like to dip my toe in that water! 




 Hi guys, I recently installed a couple of texture packs to try them out, I then uninstalled them and kept Ozhara's Grand Texture Pack V2. However there are still some textures left over; Specifically the bridge and the chopped tree texture. These are still coming up as the texture from Ozhara's Space Pack, how can I change them so that I am only using one texture pack and not an ugly hybrid? Thanks.
EDIT: I am using the Steam Version 




 He's no Tokyo DK 




 Makes me shiver just looking 




 'cat.exe has stopped unexpectedly' 









 It reminds me of Groudon 



















 I really loved Paarthurnax in the game 




 But unless they are killed by a dragonborn, for then the dragon hasn't got a soul 




 Youre more than likely right as I have the tree in a bright place so no mildew! Haha I shall take no offense, It was given to me at christmas so if you have any tree-saving tips please pass them on 









 Can you still rematch? I too was stiffed by my gifter :/ 









 It's no coincidence the Rothschild family pulled every single one of their oil shares just a month before all this "happened" 




 pause 




 dickbutt dickbutt 




 That is terrifying 




 Also Wicklow for Sam 




 Loved the 4Chan Jesus Chatline reference, Good Guy SS! 









 Didn't shitbrix. Disappoint. 




 Tis-the-Server-to-be-Jolly 




 Server Claus - for the season 




 520 blaze 









 Love the registration :P NME 




 All the webbing aww 




 This makes me feel so bad about my poor ice skating skills :P 




 Looks like a sci fi movie 




 It's so surprising how the wood is still preserved 




 So when they say that the girls become circumcised, Does this mean removing the clitoris? Painful 




 This is so unsettling 




 seen 12:43 PM 




 My guy just wrote 'I love everything'. Also, County Wicklow signing in here 




 I like that "infinite universes with infinite possibilities" one. So somewhere, right now, Star Wars is happening 




 Great view. The picture probably doesn't do it full justice. 




 I have the exact same :/ think ill send him a  christamas card and a gamestop gift card 




 Jesus Christ 




 I prefer android in my opinion 




 Thank you 




 Damn this really clears up a lot. Good advice 




 Hey best of luck with Edna and have a great Christmas OP 




 What a gorgeous spider 









 Genuine Irish bankers 




 Lost my shit in work 




 /r/penmanshipporn 




 Does anybody else 




 Actually it's a re-post 




 Her dad was a pretty succesful lawyer and made his millions. She made a sex tape with this "celebrity" named Ray J and for some profound reason E! gave her her own reality show 'Keeping up with the Kardashians'. After a few years of being famous for literally no talent at all, She married Kanye West to boost her own fame. Now people look up to her and obsess over her.  




 Knuckles! 




 Awesome 




 Because the world keeps making stupid people famous 




 I think the real concern here is why isn't this a success kid meme
 




 Few irish ones;
A stone's throw - A short distance.
As the crow flies - To travel without using roads 




 Hot 




 What city is that? 




 Next week I'll be starting my first job in a hosptial as part of my Nursing Degree. Also today I put up posters advertising that I can play guitar and want to join a band. I've a football match tonight too 




 Check their properties and maybe try run in Administrator/Compatability mode? 




 DAE *always* use incognito mode for watching porn? 




 I would have said Torterra 




 On the march 




 She looks shy haha 




 Great colours 




 What a perfect G Rosea OP :) 




 Amish 




 1 minute 45 seconds, Although I've got it past 2 minutes since I posted that 




 All Ghillied Up 




 Stride of pride 




 The last one killed me 




 Hahaha I love this comment, Best of luck with your sling, T brother (or sister) lol 




 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 




 Human adults are usually harder to accidentally kill too. Thanks for that I think I'll get the sling 




 I've been subbed here for over a year and have decided I finally want to step up to challenge of being a T owner. I've been looking at a Grammostola Rosea but the thing is the slings are €3.50 and the adults are €25.00 so I'm wondering would it be better to get the sling? Thanks in advance guys 




 UPDATE (Can't edit on mobile): SAFE!! As she can recall, it is in fact gone-off, cheapo cider. Peace has been moderately restored. Good night Alice 




 -ish. Ireland. We love our irish cider. 




 Safe. Was in fact just cheap, gone off cider. As far as we know, safe 




 So after my sister threw a house party for her 21st birthday; I come home the day after to find that a 2 litre bottle of cheap cider still had half its contents. Satisfied with the prospect of some free alcohol, I decided to put away my prize for staying out of the house. 

Tonight I decided to get buzzed watching TV and retrieved the bottle of cider from the press. I sipped through two pints of the cider, finishing the bottle, and had some fun watching Drifters and The Big Bang Theory in the process. My dad came in mid way through my second pint and asked my what I was drinking. Surprised with my reply, my dad said to me "I seen that too but I didn't touch it, Would you not think of how every other drink in the house is gone except that plastic bottle of cider? I thought someone pissed in it"

Horror struck. I sat upright, eyes darting around the room. I noticed how the cider was semi-flat. The salty taste on my lips. The lighter-than-usual colour. It couldn't be. 

Immediately I texted my sister with my concerns. No reply. My sister is currently driving home from college for the weekend. She will home in about half an hour. Reddit this is happening right now. The salty taste on my lips worries me more and more.

The answer, paranoia or piss, will soon arrive in my driveway.

TLDR: Found some strange tasting cider after a party, Currently waiting for my sister to get home to tell me if someone pissed in it.

EDIT: Yes I live with my parents, I'm 18 in my first year of college. The legal age for drinking is 18 here. 21 is still celebrated for some reason. 




 wow 




 I really enjoyed this post, That's a great, unique and engaging hobby OP 




 It's actually hard to tell whether we're looking at the front or rear in this pic 




 It's not a scratch on sheriff street though, also op bring a knife

*knives, FTFY

 




 Not to mention Rathkeale 




 Hey what county are you staying in? 




