 If they're gonna do more Felicity-centric episodes, please leave romance out of it. Face her off against another hacker or explain who her dad is. Don't shove this Olicity bullshit down our throats. You've made so many improvements, Diggle gets a costume, Oliver is becoming the fun loving not-so-dark Green Arrow (to silence the Batman critics), we've got Speedy, and Star City. Please don't ruin all the endless possibilities with more Olicity, keep their romance on the down-low, make it subtle. Last season they were episodes where over 50% of it was Olicity romance and/or Felicity being emotional 




 I think just having a green hood, is considered honouring Yao Fei, to Oliver.

So i'd say it's all good. 




 Nobody... I mean nobody... loves Olicity more than Marc Guggenheim.

andnbsp;

I have hope for her, I just don't want Marc calling all the shots anymore, Olicity was overused and abused last season.  




 I was hoping maybe she could turn Felicity into a stronger role... or at least less of what we saw in Season 3. 









 I'm currently still working on the first chapter, but I am posting it on fanfiction.net, which I think is the most populated fanfiction site, so it should get a lot of reviews and whatnot. 

andnbsp;

My mom wants to get me into a writers workshop or something, I'm not to thrilled about it because I have poor social skills but I think I might just do it because I've never really pursued anything I've loved to a full extent before. 




 Wendy Miracle is now the co-show runner, I think...

But she said she really wants to work on the strong female roles and Diggle. I think the show has always done well with Diggle but I have hope that we can see a Season 1/2-ish Felicity or an even better Felicity this season, and Laurel will finally be as badass as Sara.  




 I thought Deathbolt was the first external meta-human sighting, or do they mean outside of the U.S.? 




 Yea cuz Jay Garrick is coming in Episode 2 I believe, to warn them. 




 Caitlin Snow leaving Team Flash, I can't control myself... 

Frost is coming....

Cobalt is coming.....

Zoom is coming......

andnbsp;

Edit: Oh and Jay Garrick and Wally West too....of course. 




 Cisco please save us and create a bad ass costume for [Diggle with a shield](http://i.imgur.com/ZZxEPzm.jpg) 




 I can't take all this news ;~; Im so excited
 









 My body is flopping around like a fish out of water. I'm so excited. 




 of course he's watching it for comic book action

he just told you.

  This is a TV adaptation of a superhero comic book. 




 Candice has a better booty from different angles, but I have a huge crush on Willa Holland soo... I gotta give it to Willa. 




 I don't think that's Danielle Panabaker, unless that's not the Danielle you meant. 




 You mean [this??](https://youtu.be/xckcs2qCGQU?t=8h49m5s)
 




 :') I'm new here, but I wish you the best. We're all on the journey and depression is just a roadblock. 




 Damn, and I just posted something that mentions that I've lost interest in my religion. Hopefully I don't get flooded with PM's cuz in my current state of emotion... i guess you could call it, I don't really need that in my life. 




 That would work.... if Ronnie Raymond was a villain. Maybe Barry can make a move on Ronnie and get Caitlin jealous. #Plotforce 




 It wasn't Olicity that ruined Arrow, it was Felicity in Season 3 that ruined Arrow.

But that page does bring up a good point, about how Olicity shippers spew out false statistics. 




 b-but.... Season 2 was the best season. 




 *"Please tell me you're not actually having this conversation right now."* ~ Felicity Smoak 




 nvm found it -.-" 




 How do you rewatch it if you missed? 




 Is AO3 like FFN where it resets the draft expiring timer if you go in and edit? 




 and look at his username too, that's so badass, but now it's wasted on a useless petition. :\ 




 someone already posted this. :P

But it is Diggle.. so a repost wouldn't hurt. 




 I might just do that, post on all 3 sites. I'm no where close to finished, idek know how many chapters I want, I feel like I could go on forever, I'll stay on Wattpad for now then gradually move to the other sites. 




 This is not only a question for me, but if anyone has the same question, I think we should all help each other out with it.

andnbsp;

My fanfiction is about the tv series Arrow and The Flash (I guess Supergirl as well), where would be the best place to post this, I don't think Wattpad would be good because it's most popular fanfics are like One Direction stuff. I think you can keep updating your fanfic on FFnet and can release it in chapters. But I don't know if you can post pictures in your story like on AO3. I'm just really confused as to where to post it. I want to use AO3 but can I post my story chapter by chapter? and keep going back to edit it? Without it expiring? 

andnbsp;

I know my question was all over the place -.-" 




 Nah, I think it was revenge for when he shocked Oliver on the island, when Slade was on the walkie talkie with Sara negotiating the Hendrick for Oliver deal. 




 Don't you fucking say it.. groddamnit!! 

 




 HOLY SHIT The sky is blue! 




 Here is a [clearer version of the preview](http://imgur.com/a/5VHEP) 




