




 Justin Bieber 




 True Romance, Stigmata, Ed Wood, Boyhood, Little Nicky 




 Lots of dickheads sprouting 




 Patrick Bateman 




 Stay in a toxic friendship or relationship 




 Shawarmas! 




 Self reflection 




 Season 1 - American Horror Story 




 T.L.C. with a hologram of Lisa Left Eye Lopez 




 Knowing that person always has your back through good times and bad and this is the first person you'd turn to every time. 




 The comforter that hardly gets washed, take that shit and throw it on the ground before you get into bed! 




 Patricia Arquette  




 Sorry - I never asked, was just grateful she could help. I'd imagine she asked her spirit guides for help? 









 Self realisation and time 




 Raising Hope 




 Now 









 Past regrets 




 Pull your pants up - say no to low riding 




 A bra. 














 What's your treatment plan? 




 Were you right? 




 Concentrate on the bigger picture - study hard, get good grades and graduate. Forget the other BS, don't waste your time.  




 Cheese kranskys zapped in the microwave for a little over a minute on high. 




 Nope. To sleep, perchance to dream. 




 Waitress at an Indian Restaurant, I was 16-17 years old and a few members of the staff including my boss would make inappropriate comments towards me and they'd talk about wanting to marry me. 




 Freeze time..so I can go back to sleep 









 Karma 




 I had a really bad trip that made me feel like I was having an out of body experience and could talk to ghosts. Took me a couple days to feel right again.  




 Gazuntite 




 Aveeno 




 Making friends 




 Probably my fav one too to be honest, Henderson's pretty good too! 




 Men's shirts, short skirts  









 Which one is ur fav to go to? 




 But it would be fabulous 




 Glitter 




 Play Simpsons - Tapped Out or Quiz Up 




 Running fingers through your hair, maintaining eye contact and a cheeky grin. 




 About Time, The Wedding Singer, The Avengers and Pitch Perfect 














 Britney's trying to get some shut eye while we watch a movie 









 Once you've seen it, you can't unsee it. 




 Sounds like a great time!  









 Water aerobics  




 I have a bad habit of overanalysing stupid stuff 




 Nothing wrong with being Hans Solo 




