 Depression sucks, and I'm really sorry you have to go through this. My first suicide attempts were when I was 12 years old. Luckily, I was sent into treatment, and I find a new love for life. It's been hard ever since because this new found love was mostly stemmed in finding people who not only related to me but actually cared. Since then, I haven't been able to make any strong relationships where I felt like I was truly cared for. But, if you can find a strong support system of friends or family, it can be life changing. But you have to remember that if you've had friends/family in the past who were not supportive of you, they will not change. I know that can be hard to hear, but you absolutely have to try to find people who will allow you to love life.

But like I said, I haven't found a good support system. I guess what keeps me going is a belief that I have a purpose. I think there is a reason I am here on Earth, and I have to do my best to see that through. I also know that life is a rollercoaster, and bad days mean that good ones must follow. I learned when I tried to kill myself that the only permanent thing in life is death. All problems can be solved in some way or another. You just need time.

Sorry if this was kind of rambly. I hope you feel better soon. 




 I just want to start this with saying that I really don't even know what to write. Just thinking about this makes me feel... weird. Like I don't know how to feel about it. Like, I'm happy, but confused, I don't know. So if this sounds kind of rambly, it is. Sorry.

Anyway, I guess I'll start here; I've been going through a sort of rough patch lately. I'm about to start my senior year of high school and will soon be auditioning for collegiate musical theatre programs, and I'm fucking terrified. That plus just a general feeling of self doubt, family issues, angst, etc. has got me feeling just down. Some times I feel great while other times I break into tears because I don't like who I am.

What's really been upsetting me about all this is that no one has really noticed. I feel like I've gotten too good about masking my feelings and hiding my depression that no one can see that I feel like I'm drowning. I've literally found ways to cry in front of people without them even noticing. Even my therapist basically sent me home because I seemed fine.

But today was different. I was at a voice lesson, and my teacher sat down and asked me if I'd been scared the last few weeks. I was nothing short of shocked. I've been waiting for someone to notice something was up, and it finally happened. And it wasn't my parents, my friends, or my therapist. It was my teacher (who I must say, is probably the nicest guy in the world).

So we talked for a while, and he said a lot of really encouraging things, and I'm very grateful for that and for him. But, I have to say, I guess I'm still just shocked. People tell me *all* the time how confident I am and all that while I cry myself to sleep because I don't think I'm good enough. I've actually opened up to people about how much I doubt myself and they straight up told me that I'm confident. But, suddenly, someone finally saw me. He saw that I was struggling and that I'm not confident and that I'm fucking human. I just don't know what to say other than that. Like I said, I'm in shock. I wonder what I said or did differently in front of him that made him notice, but I also wonder if he's just the only one who cared enough to see the difference.

I guess that's all I really have to say. I'm still just baffled. I wish it wasn't so shocking for someone to really care about me, but damn it is. Feel free to leave your thoughts below. Thanks for reading this monster of a post. 




 All I have to say is: on fleek. 




 Yeah, I'll think about that. Thanks again. 




 Exactly. I just feel like I'm dreading something, but I have no idea what it is. Thanks for posting. 




 Oh God yes, I have absolutely had this. Waking up is a nightmare when I have this running through my head. Sometimes I would think of what I needed to click to get up (The Sims) or other times I was just constantly adding numbers together from the time I went to bed until I got out of bed the next morning (2048). I cannot explain how mind boggling that was. 




 Like /u/ThaGivingTree said, you really can only know if a professional tells you so. For the short term though, depression (to me, at least) feels like you're trapped in a pit and no one can see that you're dying. If that resonates with you, definitely go seek some counseling. And if not, counseling wouldn't hurt anyway. 




 I'm sorry. I know how you feel. But I must say, you are the most dashing penguin I've ever met.

I wish I had something better to say, but honestly, I don't know how to combat it either. It fucking sucks, and it's only worse when you're around people who simply do not understand. I'm so sorry. I wish it was easier. 




 I'm sure you've given it away already, but I thought I'd put my name in anyway. In any event, thank you for being you. That is such an amazing way to use a subreddit. You seem like a great person. Just reading this totally made my day. 




 That is such a happy accident! So happy for you. Good luck on this new journey. I'm glad you're alive. 




 I have Naked 1 and I love it so much. It's practically the only palette I use anymore. That being said, I've never had Naked 2, but I still wouldn't trade mine for the world. 




 IT'S SO PRETTY! 




 What the fuck is this? 




 I don't see how this is relevant to this subreddit. 




 Just in case you didn't see, he did survive. The onsite medic pinched the artery, and the player received over 300 stitches. 




 Huh, that's interesting. Thanks! 




 I can honestly say it's one of the best things you can do for your child. My parents did not do a particularly good job of teaching me Catholic teachings or morality, but they did send me to a wonderful school. I am beyond grateful that they did that for me. 




 Where do you live, if you don't mind me asking? I would think the difference in reactions would be a result of difference in cultures. 




 Yeah, it looks like Kat Von D might be my winner. Outlaw looks *perfect!* Thanks for the input! 




 For sure. Thanks! 




 I've only heard of lipcote being just alright, but honestly for the price it's worth a shot. Plus if I add it with a color that stays anyway, maybe I'll be better off. Thanks! 




 Wow, thanks! I'll give it a go for sure! 




 Wow that sucks. Glad to hear they're doing okay. I'll check it out! 




 Thanks! 




 Thank you so much! I'll definitely be checking those out. 




 Ow. 




 Hey there!

I am preparing my look for a musical I will be in soon, and I'm on the look out for a really solid lipstick/stain. Because I will be on stage, I need a very bright red. I also have an onstage kiss, so I'm searching for a product that will absolutely stay on my face and not his.

If you know of a good product, please let me know! Thanks so much. xoxo 




 THANK YOU FOR THIS 




 http://www.local10.com/news/courtroom-school-reunion-between-judge-suspect/33963678 




 *points at username*

go for it. 




 You better do something nice for your mom. 




 I like you. 




 OP said he grew 2-3 inches. 









 Let them know you genuinely want to get to know them. Chances are they won't give a shit about the curriculum, but if their teacher likes them, they'll be 10x more likely to have some interest in at least impressing you. 




 I don't like Piper as a person, but her character development has been so fun to watch. It pains me to watch her create so much pain for herself and others, but I think she's just developing into who she always was deep down. I think she's just a manipulative person who will do what it takes to "survive" (really just get what she wants and find temporary happiness). Whether or not she'll ever be able to become a decent human being who can function normally in the real world is hard to say. I'd say probably not. That's probably the last thing on her mind, though. 




 I think the writers tried to show that he'd been considering it, but he found it best not to really let her in on the fact that he was considering it. I mean, he literally tells her while walking out the door. He didn't want to face her reaction and risk changing his mind. 




 FUCK! 




 Thanks for the tip! And, to be fair, those pictures were actually taken before I dyed my hair, so it actually is a little bit darker than pictured. Sorry I failed to mention that! 




 Thank you so much. 




 Thanks for the input! 




 I've wanted a change for a few months now. 




 Thank you. 




 Thanks so much for sharing. Because I saw her when I was younger, I now feel like I need to make it seem like everythings okay now. I am kind of afraid to tell my mom that I want a new therapist though. She doesn't even really know why I'm going so telling her that I need to see someone new because I'm too afraid to open up seems scary, I guess. Thanks again. 




 There's nothing ugly about you. Big, beautiful eyes, strong cheekbones, lovely chin, amazing smile. I could go on, but I think that suffices. Very pretty. 




 Absolutely not. Like no no no no no. You're very pretty. I have no doubt. 




 Yeah I completely relate with that. I hate myself, I think I'm horrible at everything, and the world would be a better place without me but people are constantly telling me how confident I am. Even when I tell people I'm terrified of anything and everything, they don't really seem to believe me. I've cried in front of people without them even noticing. It's so damn hard, and I'm sorry you have to go through it. 




 I started going to therapy again recently. We talk about my relationship with my family and everything that I used to, but something is different. I think I've become too aware of what is wrong with me and what is bothering me that I'm covering it up too well. My problem is that I hate myself a lot of the time. I think I'm not good at anything and everyone would be better off if I wasn't around. I'm not suicidal like I was last time I went to therapy, but I feel like I'm suffering in total, deafening silence. Now my therapist can't even see it because I'm too afraid to open up.

I don't know what to do anymore. 




 Hi there. I like my hair, but I want some change. I really don't know why or what so I'm hoping someone will have an opinion. I don't want to cut it, but I'm considering a color change. I've included some pictures for reference. Please let me know what you think!

http://imgur.com/a/595Gx 




 I like 3 









 I feel like everyone thinks they can relate to what I'm feeling. Any time I tell someone of my insecurities, they reflect with "I feel that way too," or "Everyone gets that way sometimes." They don't realize that it eats me alive. I can't live with my mistakes, myself. You might not think your pretty, but I think I'm freakishly hideous. You might not want to get out of bed, but I don't want to wake up in the morning. You might feel embarrassed by an awkward first encounter, but I can't stop thinking about it until I crumble. You might wonder if someone does or doesn't like you, I pray that someone in the world can stand to be around me.

And no matter what I say, no one seems to understand the gravity of my fears and pain. 




 This is very true for me too. It can be very little things too. Like earlier today, I misheard the lady a the cash register. I thought she said $3.## when she really said $6.##. I couldn't shake it off. I felt so stupid even though I knew it was a simple misunderstanding. Why did I do that? 




 This is exactly how I feel. The person who is the closest thing to my best friend never hangs out with me or anything. I don't hang out with anyone. I'm alone and no one seems to want to change that. 




 Will I ever be normal? Will I ever be able to sleep at night without blaring music or video? Will I ever be able to be alone with my thoughts and not cry? Will I ever be able to be vulnerable? Will I ever feel like a real person? Will I ever find life worth living? Will I ever not search for the hate hidden behind every comment? Will I ever be able to live my life? Will I ever be healthy? Will I ever be normal?

Probably not. 




 I've found my life's passion. It just sucks because I can't do it full time right now. I have to finish out this last year. 




 hey fam,

So I've been going through a bit of a funk lately. I'm about to enter my senior year, my sister just graduated high school, and I'm feeling kind of stuck in my circumstances. Being that summer's coming up, I'm looking for a way to kind of step out of the norm and feel a little more like myself than the person I'm supposed to be. (Yes, I am aware how angsty I sound. My apologies.)

So, how do you guys step out? How do you break the norm? How do you express yourself? I don't care if it's advice or just your own story, feel free to post below.

xoxo 




 I used to enjoy school, but as I started growing up and beyond my friends, it's become difficult to find motivation. I used to enjoy learning, spending time with friends, pleasing my parents, etc. Now I use any excuse I can to get out of class.

By the way, I go to a private, religious school. The school itself is great. I just really don't like school anymore. 




 Congratulations!! Also, you are very pretty! 




 I'm going through a really, really tough time right now. I don't really know what triggered it, but I know that I need to get out of my daily routine for a while. Even a week would be enough. But I'm stuck, and I'm worried that if I let this continue I'll spiral into suicidal tendencies again. I feel like those times are the only times anyone is willing to help me, but I don't want to go through that again... I want to be stronger than that. But all I need is time to talk it out. But I can't. I'm stuck in school and can't get away.

That probably was all very rambly, but I needed to get it out. Thank you for reading. Comments are recommended and appreciated. 




 I'm trying to find a dress, but can't really find anything... Where are you going? 




 Yes. In fact, He hopes you do. 




 Hello /r/Christianity,

I haven't been on reddit in a long time, but I'm going through a really stressful time right now. I am going to be trying out for an officer position this Friday on my school's dance team. It's a really taxing process and it's bringing me a lot of stress and anxiety. I am hoping that I can reach out to my fellow brothers and sisters and ask that you all pray for me. My name is Nicole and my main goal is to get Captain, if that helps.

In addition, this may seem ridiculous, but I have to ask because it's gnawing at me. I've been trying to ask God for a sign to hint me toward the outcome. I've been asking for so long that sometimes I wonder if He's trying to answer me or if I'm just making it up. So, if any of you feel any inclination or experience anything that suggests I either do or do not make an officer position, I would love it if you could share. Like I said, I know it's ridiculous, but please forgive me. I'm under a lot of stress right now that I am having trouble coping with.

Thank you all so much, and God bless.

TL;DR: Please pray that I get through a very stressful tryout process. 




 The goal of Christianity is to get as many people into Heaven as possible. As Christians, we believe that God created you and the rest of the universe out of His unselfish love. He asks simply for us to live holy lives and return His love. If you do not accept Him as your loving Father, this makes your salvation much more difficult.

Thank you for your question. I find it really beautiful that you search out the facts of religion as opposed to simply denying yourself of the opportunity to educate yourself. I would recommend you try praying. This may sound silly, but just try speaking to God. You may not believe it but plan out your thoughts in your head or aloud and simply ask Him to reveal Himself to you. He may choose to send you a sign and reveal Himself to you. This is merely a suggestion, but I hope that you might find the comfort in the love of our Lord that I and many others have. I'll pray for you.

God bless. 














 You probably won't find this worthwhile anymore, but I don't go on Reddit much... It was in the news. [Here's an article discussing it.](http://abcnews.go.com/Health/nurse-contracted-ebola-called-cdc-flight-official/story?id=26232809) 




 I moved here for warmth. I can complain all I want.

Credit: Native Minnesotan. 




 I go to school in Dallas. Only time it's mentioned is jokingly, hoping it'll get us out of class. 




 Ebola is 20 minutes away from me, and so far we're doing fine. 




 Texas here. She called health officials, but they told her that she was okay to fly. Even before she flew back, she had a 99.5 fever, asked if she could still fly back to Texas, and was given the okay. She didn't just say, "Eh, I'll be fine." 




 That's a joke. The vast majority of Texans do not want to secede. 




 Most Texans feel that way, but that doesn't mean we (they really, I'm told I'm not a real Texan because I wasn't born here) want to leave America. 




 Youth of Texas here. Please no. We deserve it, but don't leave me here. 




 Texas here. We deserve this. 




 Oh yeah, if this had been a Precal test, no way I would have trusted myself. I understand that 




 Much improved. Hats off! *golf clap* 




 Yeah, it was 4.5 




 Yes, that's correct. 




 Yeah, it's panacea. 




 We finished at 11, but they made us stay until 12:30 because fuck me. 




 Yes! The math was *so* much easier than it was last year. 




 You're about to get fifteen emails a day. I am not kidding. Fifteen. It would be a good idea to invest in a new email address. 




 You'll take it sophomore and junior year, won't you? My freshman year I didn't take the PSAT either. (Btw, I'm just assuming you're a freshman because of the tag. Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong.) 




 I put wrong because passive tense is a no-no, but most people are saying it's correct. 




 You can shorten this up a bit by realizing that every other answer was the same, so because -1 is the first in the sequence and 1 (first) is an odd number, the 19th number must also be -1. 




 You probably neglected that -1 (or 1 I don't remember) was the first number in the sequence and made 0 the first number, throwing off the count. 




 -1 because 19 is odd. 




 As I was writing down my answer I was contemplating how many people would forget it was diameter and not radius. They definitely did that to mess with us. Sorry about that, Atomichawk. 




 Yeah, those are both correct. 




 Same. That's fine. 




