 There are plenty of videos out there celebrating the ups and downs of Fatherhood too. I'm sure there'll be plenty more when it's Fathers Day. This video however an advertisement by a card company-reminding people of Mothers Day so you'll buy their Mothers Day cards. This video is not sexist in the slightest towards men. It's just talking about Mothers in particular. Are you a parent? You compared Motherhood to being an on call doctor. A doctor gets paid. The UK and US have laws and have to allow breaks, booked holiday time etc. Being a Mum doesn't allow for that. On call.  When children are content and safe, Mothers are usually cleaning, not sitting on their arses reading a book-unless it's a kids book and there's a kid on their lap.  Most Mums do not get enough sleep, due to doing more house work/working from home or dealing with nightmares and nappy changing.  Most Mum's do not expect Dad to get home from work and muck in a whole 50% because Dad's been working too. At least he got breaks and was able to eat his lunch in peace. Regardless this video was created with Mothers Day in mind. -Not a men's rights activist/everything MUST be pc do gooder. 
 









 I add a little oil to stop it sticking to the pan and it works a treat. 
 




 If you get kicked in the vagina it hurts. Trust me, I know.  




 Bad trousers that don't fit properly or are a horrible colour. 
 









 No it really isn't. 

 




 This is really old. I remember a customer coming up to me at the bar and saying this.  I haven't worked in a bar for 3 years. . .
 




 You should never look in your neighbours bowl to see if they have more than you, you should only look to see if they have enough.  


































 You can do it if you truly want to.  




 But at the same time, you are spending your whole life worrying/caring about someone who considers drugs more important than you. It's very loyal and noble of you to stand by her, but don't don't forget about yourself too. You deserve to be happy and not constantly worrying too.  




 Confession bear?  




  I was 19 years old and the only female on the main bar with 4 guys. Club music was blaring in the background as an elderly 'gentleman' with bonus walking stick, came up to the bar. He said, "Darlin, I'd be honored to take you home and make sex to you." My male colleague came over and politely and asked him if wanted a drink and if not to leave the bar. "But, she's beautiful" said the gentleman. "She looks like my wife used to".  









 {O.P's girlfriend}That's awful. Schrödinger was rescued at 4 weeks old by a chav that was going to drown him. I brought him to full health and he's been the softest, cheekiest cat that even dared to pinch our doberman's food on occasion. Today was fucking horrible and I have to tell my 7 year old daughter tomorrow. :(    




 Nicee!  




 My hand.  




 Not sure if you're male or female, but either way there is a solution. Wear trousers that are the same colour as the tan. This will camouflage all tan stains and also, people will think you're naked from the waist down, at first glance. Always a conversation starter. especially if you're hot!  




 It interesting to see how times have changed. White skin and rosy cheeks used to be considered healthy, glowing skin. Now the media tells us to top up our tans' for that healthy glow. Obviously sun tanned skin is a sign of sun damage not a healthy glow! However it seems that porcelain skin is making a come back as celebrities are throwing away the bottles of St Tropez. It's so damn easy to walk in to a Boots store and pick up a tan in a bottle that we're now finding that we're bored of it, as a society. Now we want a change. Bring back REAL healthy skin!!!
 




 Meh, he'll just have to make it up to me later, with his tongue :P A guy not orgasming at all makes me feel a lot worse. I feel I failed at my goal :(  




 In England, you always fill up then go inside to pay or pay at the pump. 
 




 Ex dancer/pole dancer from England. I never did this myself as I prefer my pale skin but the other girls would use fake tan{whole body}. They said it looks good under low light and helps to cover some blemishes. Also conditioner was recommended for shaving, but I find using nothing but moisturiser and a razor works best. Rub in the left over moisturiser to help relieve any razor rash you may get. Don't use scented ones though. Also If shaving whilst in the bath/shower, use luke-warm water instead of hot water. You should also use the same for hair washing.  If you get any spots, try using strong tooth paste instead of Oxy or whatever{on your face not the kitty!} If you're looking to work the. .  . kitty, make sure you shave a good few hours prior to said action. This helps any inflammation go down before the potential friction starts. Use a mirror. It sounds simple, but if you can't see what you're doing and you're after a close shave, you're more likely to cut yourself if you are blind. Hope that helps :) 
 




 Because she was told that at age 4, when she asked about it. She still believes it and I like her thinking babies are made purely out of love. When she starts asking more questions, I'll answer appropriately depending on her level of understanding. She comes from a split family, so her knowing that she was still made out of love is good for her.  




 My daughter believes that you have to love someone very much to make a baby. You have to have lots and lots of cuddles. When you've had enough cuddles to make a baby, one starts growing out of all the love inside the lady's tummy. A baby is the start of a new family so only people that aren't related can make one. My partner and I are trying for a child currently and she's always telling us to cuddle each other to make one because she wants a baby sister. She is 7. 




 Well hello there Hansom. .  




 Whistling. My 7 yr old even tried to teach me. Pffft. 
 




 Damn humans, playing with nature. 
 




 Did it work?
 




 With a shot gun.  




 Was your Dad having sex with anybody/thing in particular? 




 Lucky sod! {referring to the 'tragedy-free life'} 




 I never want eat again. 




 A queen usually only eats her kitten if 1}they are still born/damaged or 2}someone/thing else's scent is on them, possibly through handling.  




 I thought the were symbolic. Hence the size.  




 I think I prefer the left out of these two, still maintains the true colours but adds more of a depression feel. 
 




 My friend and I thought it would be a nice idea to cover my Father's pond with daisies to make it look pretty with 'mini lillies'.  Little did I know his prized large koi carp would eat them and die. I got the belt for that one. 
 




 The difference being, you trust your sex partner not to kill you. You usually fancy them too. . . 




 No milk. . . a cup of tea fixes everything.  




 Yes it does, in the UK.  




 My favourite is; Dehydrated spunk bubble.  #3232;\_ #3232; 




 C.S.I style 




 Balloon 




 Pubes + braces = bad times.  




 Unless she's older than 16 




 I say 'brang' instead of brought or bought. My partner has been trying for 4 years to change it.  




 Awesome Teacher 




 No naming and shaming here.
 




 Has anyone tried the 'restricted' approach?  If you go to your 'friend's' profile and click the friendship tab, you'll get a list of lists. Basically,  you can put your friends in to groups. Family/Acquaintances/Restricted etc. Each group can be modified so you can stop groups seeing parts of your profile and posts. The Restricted group's default setting is to allow the group to only see the same amount as they would if you weren't friends. Excellent for work colleagues! Oh and no one notices unless they actually try to be nosy whores and go through your photos or whatever.  




 [Two redditors at the pub] (http://imgur.com/a/NIMbQ)
 




 [ummm] (http://a2.ec-images.myspacecdn.com/images02/32/a573b9d7c5f34a3184fa0b2d8e086d80/l.jpg) 




 That murder {ending a life} is exactly what you would be paying for. My previous statement is referring The value of life and the value of ending a life are different.   




 My comment wasn't referring to the value of a life. The price one pays another to END a life is not the same as the value of the life.  




 Something is only worth what one will pay for it.  




 Down voted for calling Redditors, cunts. 
 




 I named my dobermann Tyler after Tyler Durden. I have since been told it's a really chavy name. Fight Club isn't chavy. It's an awesome film.

I named my cat Schrödinger and my other cat is named Meson. She was the runt of the litter and had to be hand reared. Here's a then and now pic of her. http://imgur.com/a/UVb4e 




 A good cup of tea and sex.  




 England here. I have a 6 year old daughter and due to an on going custody battle, social services are involved.{asked by the courts to see if residence should be swapped, not because she's at risk of serious harm}  MY six year old told them that she gets in to bed with me for cuddles in the morning when she told them I was naked I got in to heaps of trouble. I'm her Mum. I've been told that she must not see me naked at all. Not really sure what was so wrong about it. I'm surprised at how difficult it is to do this. We used to shower and get dressed together because it's more efficient in the mornings. Now we have to do things separately which she doesn't like. It's made trips to the swimming pool a whole lot harder too.  




 It doesn't happen. I've been doing that for ages for my six year old, her skin is still the same shade.  




 You only need to add half a tea spoon in, It doesn't stick to their skin, the bubbles do though! 
 




 Ah I've been doing this for ages, I make bath time a different colour for every day of the week. She loves it. Pink is her Favourite!  




