 My DM uses fudge dice for both 1s and 20s. It can turn crit fails into crit successes or vice versa. It can also result in our fighter getting hit with our attacks ALL THE TIME. The dice really hate him. 




 i have to go play diana right now 









 If I don't use a word for a while, when I try to Swype it again, it doesn't show up and I have to add it again. It's not deleting all of my words, just old ones that I haven't used in a while. Is there a maximum number of words you can add, and I've reached it already? If not, how can I prevent this from happening? 




 It depends on my weapon set up 




 Oh, pausing. I don't really pause unless I need to pay attention to something else? 




 Hot keys mostly, some mouse (mostly to select crew) 




 I don't have that mod and have never played anything with it. I don't know how I got so many beacons explored. 




 Thank you for all of your advice!! I will try drones and teleporting, two things I do usually ignore because the couple of times I have had it, it hasn't gone well, but it could be bad luck or I'm just using them wrong. I very rarely am able to buy cloaking when I see it, but I will try to save for it in the future. I don't normally have that much unspent scrap. I should have spent it on my systems.

I will take all of this into consideration. Thank you. 




 I don't really have anything other than these few images...

[A small album of my last attempt at the flagship.](http://imgur.com/a/uQV1i) 




 I will check it out and report back. Thank you. 




 I am pretty sure I don't use any mods, but I have played from my account on my friend's computer before? Also I may have installed a mod and forgotten. :|

What does the infinite space mod do? 




 In my last game, I got to the second round, but got demolished easily :( When everything goes wrong at once, I kind of panic... 









 Thank you!! I was curious because we have some little brown house spiders that get in and my friend said it was probably that, but it was much too big. We put a cup over it and moved it outside.  









 I open my eyes. I'm laying on my back and staring at a white ceiling. As I sit up, I realize that it's not a ceiling. Or maybe it is. I can't tell. Everything is the same shade of off-white. I can't tell the sky from the ground or see any kind of horizon or source of light. It's disorienting, and it takes me a moment to rise to my feet.

The last thing I remember is a screech of tires and a sudden, sharp pain, followed by cold darkness. I must have died. I'm surprisingly okay with it.

"Is this heaven?" I ask.

A voice from behind me startles me. "There is no heaven."

Turning around, I realize that I'm not alone. There are seven people, all varying ages and colors and genders, sitting around an eight-sided table, and the empty spot has a name plate with my name on it. I blink rapidly a few times, but nothing changes. "What is this, then?"

An old man shrugs. "Death," he says. His voice is that of a man who smoked two packs a day for fifty years. "Take a seat already so we can get started."

Still uncertain about exactly what's going on, I approach the table and sit in the chair with my name on it. "Start what?"

"The poker game, duh." This answer is from a little girl, no older than eight. "It's Tedd's deal."

Tedd, a young adult with dark hair and an expression of disdain, starts to pass out the cards. I'm silent as everyone is dealt five cards, but I'm still bursting with questions.

"Poker?" I ask finally. "Is there anything else to do?" I've never been good at poker. Too expressive. My mom always knew when I had a good hand because I couldn't keep the grin off my face.

"Nope," the old man says. He lays down two cards. "This is it. Poker."

I stare at my hand. It's not a good one. "What happens if we run out of chips?"

The others at the table laugh quietly. There is no answer.

I fold. 




 I was really hoping that wasn't the case :( Needing to know something about LSD and going to the LSD subreddit is pretty obvious, but what if I want to know the best way to poison a king that's not immediately obvious because they have a poison taste-tester that would be available to a maid in the castle in the 17th century? Or if I wanted an approximate recovery timeline for a bullet wound where I know all the specific details and can get estimates of most things through Google, but can't find anything about how long it would take for it to scar over and what kind of scar would it leave if it was treated in different ways?

I guess it doesn't need to be specifically for writers. Maybe something like /r/AskReddit, but for questions like those above? 




 I used to belong to a community on LiveJournal where people who were writing stories could go and ask questions, usually fairly specific, and get answers from people who know about the subject. The questions were about things like what would be a good way to do a thing, how specific parts of jobs work, effects of drugs (usually accompanied by "would a person on [drug] experience [side effect]?"), etc.

Some things are hard to google. 




 Ohh, thank you for the info!! 




 Thank you! :) 




 I know it's possible, but I can't find a satisfactory answer about how it works.

I have a level 34 mechromancer. I want to try TVHM but I've been playing DLC with a friend on normal mode.

If I switch to TVHM, will it save my progress in normal from the moment I switched modes, and vice versa? 

Sorry if this seems like a dumb question, but I only recently bought my own copy of BL2 and didn't even know TVHM existed since I beat the have with my friend when it first came out and then never really went back until now. 




 My friend and I were playing the dlc for the first time, him as a level 34 gunzerker and me as a level 32 mechromancer. We went into the orc village in the forest and fought a level 35 orc that turned into a level 37 orc. My friend kept getting crippled, but every time he hit me, I'd immediately regain all of my shields and health. It continued when we moved to another area. Nothing else was different, except the pixies seemed to ignore me, whether they were attacking us or helping us. I reset the game and it went away, but it was very weird.

Has anyone else experienced this? I couldn't find anything on Google, but I'm not really the best at googling stuff. 









 Actually thought this was in /r/thelastofus because I opened the picture before I read the title.  




 If they are resorting to swallowing a ton of pills as a cry for attention, they need the attention. Attempting suicide, even if they aren't "completely serious", is always a serious issue. 




 I found them just fine!! 




 I would love an add but my safari is crappy and I don't know what I have to offer besides Pokerus and starter pokemon.  




 Sorry for slow response!! Adding you now :) 




 thank you for the ditto!! :) 




 sure thing :) 




 OH that is so weird, you are blackie, it said you were a passerby even though I had you added?? i'm sorry i kept declining!! 




 no problem!! do you want the pokerus on any particular pokemon? i can't guarantee i have it but i can offer at least. i would make a list of pokemon i have but i don't know which ones are popular/sought out beyond ditto/eevee safaris :( all i know is that i have all gen 1 and gen 6 starters. 




 I guess it wasn't updating for me that you were online. Sorry I spammed you with messages. Thanks for the Dedenne :) 




 Fairy type, with Swirlix, Dedenne, and Floette! 




