 I haven't really ever gotten far enough to experience pain I think. Like I've never been in more than a half or quarter of a finger 




 I've had a therapist since middle school, who I see on a weekly basis. I first got her to work through self harm and depression. And lately we've been working through anxiety. I've known her for so long, would it be strange to try and work through this with her? The mental aspect I mean  




 Maybe I do. I'll look into one, but what I'm really asking is what could be the reason for how i am? Why do I react the way I do before anything is even close to inside of me?  




 I have no recollection of any trauma in the past. I don't have a gyno as I'm still a teenager  




 I'm young, so I don't have a gyno yet. And my mother still stays in the room with me during appointments. I'm not looking for a diagnosis, just some ideas  




  I think I have vaginismus. I've never been able to insert a tampon, and have never been penetrated, through sex or masturbation. What's different is that I have a mental reaction to thinking about penetration. When trying to insert a tampon, I get nauseous and sweaty before I can get even a quarter of an inch in. The idea of fingers or toys make me dizzy and sick. The idea of a penis penetrating me doesn't scare me, but I'm almost positive it wouldn't be a pleasurable experience. I've had a girlfriend for two years, and on a few occasions we have tried to use fingers. Sometimes if I'm distracted during sex, she can get a tiny bit of her finger in, but once I realize what's happening I immediately start crying and shaking. I simply cannot control my emotional/mental reaction. So I guess my question is what's happening to me?  




 I've been reading this subreddit, and I think I have vaginismus. I've never been able to insert a tampon, and have never been penetrated, through sex or masturbation. What's different is that I have a mental reaction to thinking about penetration as well. When trying to insert a tampon, I get nauseous and sweaty before I can get even a quarter of an inch in. The idea of fingers or toys make me dizzy and sick. The idea of a penis penetrating me doesn't scare me, but I'm almost positive it wouldn't be a pleasurable experience. I've had a girlfriend for two years, and on a few occasions we have tried to use fingers. Sometimes if I'm distracted during sex, she can get a tiny bit of her finger in, but once I realize what's happening I immediately start crying and shaking. I simply cannot control my emotional/mental reaction. So I guess my question is what's happening to me?  




 Oh my god! I'm from bay city!  




 Me too! What city?  




 Thanks! 




 I'm hoping this way works out for me! 




 Question: me and my friend both got tickets for Of Monsters and Men. But he ended up with GA tickets and I have GAB1 tickets. What do we do to end up in the same place? We don't want to enjoy the concert separately  




 I got  samples of Brier Path, Zazz, Cozy Sweater, Imp, and Twice is Nice as well as a PB in Zazz (smaller size was sold out, so I hope it was worth buying the full size). 

I'm new to perfumes, so I'm hoping these scents will be great!  




 /u/trollabot train_subject6494 




 /u/trollabot train_subject6494 




 I totally will once I become more familiar! It's funny how different perfumes can be for people. I've been wearing Vice all day and I'm falling in love with it more and more. It's unlike anything I've ever worn. I still have to pass judgement on the others though!  




 This totally happened to me at the Psychiatry of Death exhibit in LA. I didn't even realize until months later  




 Maybe I'll try that!  




 I was going to get a sample of cozy sweater but ran out of money! Cozy Rose sounds amazing! Maybe I'll try it one day  




 Absolutely! I've been wearing Vice for about two hours and I think I'm going to marry it. I sniffed out of the bottle and really thought I wouldn't like it, but I'm finding that I really like it the longer I wear it. The coffee and chocolate smells delicious!  




 Yeah I totally made that mistake  




 I cold sniffed rose city and fell in love! I think I'll wear it tomorrow! I'm wearing Vice right now, and I thought I wouldn't like it but I'm finding the longer I wear it the more I'm liking it. the chocolate and coffee smell is so delicious!  




 Yes! I smelled all of them, I immediately fell in love with Rose city, but was meh about the rest and REALLY didn't like vice. BUT I just put vice on an hour ago a FELL IN LOVE. so I'm thinking my cold sniff first impression may not be valid compared to wearing them!!!  




 I bought samples of Vice, Satyr, Lavender Sugar, and Rose City, they threw in Ruth for free! I'm brand new to perfume so I'm very excited to try these out!  









 The real question is could anyone say anything bad about Panic at the Disco 




 Nothing, they're amazing  




 A less patchy version on KVD'S Vampira  




 Swatching lipsticks is my go to anxiety reliever! When life gets too much I compare lipsticks in my collection until I calm down. It's nice go know I'm not the only one who does this!  




 But whose to say it isn't worth it to keep him in her life? A pedophile is not always a criminal (and in this case he is not) nor does he have any intentions on becoming one (that we know of). Yes, he needs help, but she doesn't have to get out of the relationship. Just because he has these thoughts doesn't make him any less of a human being. Like any other person, he has feelings. Just because he considers himself a pedophile, doesn't mean we can dehumanize him.  




 You better be joking,  




 There is no problem with having a strong opinion about something, but you have an extreme bias towards this topic, and I don't think it's fair to want everyone else to condemn pedophilia the way you do. They're real people, and plenty of pedophiles do not want to act on their feelings. Should we condemn them instead of giving them help just because there's something wrong? In prison, many activities are in place to rehabilitate criminals. The same applies here. Shunning pedophiles will not help prevent child abuse, but doing research and finding ways to treat and even cure them can.  




 You really think something like this could be so simple? Your comment is extremely insensitive and offensive  




 Product list: 

Face: 
Rimmel Stay Matte Primer
Rimmel Stay Matte Powder in Creamy Natural 
Kat Von D Lock it Tattoo in #44
NYX Full coverage concealer in fair 
Milani Baked Blush in 05 luminoso 
Wet n Wild bronzer in Reserve Your Cabana (highlight) 

Eyes: 
Dipbrow in medium brown 
Too Faced Shadow Insurance
Wet N Wild Creme Brûlée 
Smashbox mini Full Exposure Pallet 
   All over M4
   Crease M1 
   Brow bone/inner corner M3
Nars dual intensity eyeshadow in Himalia (on lid only) 

Lips: 
Wet n wild  Vamp it Up 

Urban Decay de-slick setting spray  




 http://imgur.com/xstDC1L
http://imgur.com/5VEGz8Y
  

 




 I guess you'll never know!!!! 


(Srs it's totally serious, I love CJ and I don't take any offense to it at all) 

Edit: I like the title "The Surpreme Circle-Jerker" 




 (Srs) Oh my god I was waiting for someone to CJ my post! I totally take it in good faith. I was merely posting something makeup related into a makeup sub. 

( I love muacj so thanks for making me laugh!)  




 I totally thought they were the same person when I first heard about all that Lime Crime stuff!  




 http://imgur.com/sEpHYAc
http://imgur.com/6B7K4Ya
http://imgur.com/YpDAJ9K


(Sorry these uploaded strangely, read them from bottom link to top)  




 I haven't heard back yet, I've checked my email as well as junk mail. I'm getting a little anxious  




 Can I get some details? 




 Thanks!  




 Hahahaha thank you! Your vocabulary is magnificent!!! 




 Kinda how I live me life ✌️✌️ 




 Tell me what you think

 http://m.imgur.com/a/mWn1R

EDIT: with all the PM's im getting you think I could get an upvote!  




 Glad to hear it's probably just a mix up, I was just worried I might've done something wrong 



P.S thank you for being so sweet! r/makeupaddiction would have made me feel like a fool already 




 I was looking around for a TAT and maybe im just dumb, but I couldn't find it! 




 Great! I'll check my email in the morning!  




 I contacted her about 10 minutes ago through the website, so I'll be awaiting her reply! I had really no idea how long or how short of a wait it was supposed to be, im glad I did waitany longer! 




 I gave them a month or so because I didn't know what the TAT of an indie company usually is  




 Uh oh! Could it be lost? How do I know if this is a fault of mine!?!?  




 I ordered Nic Cage Churning Butter One Crisp Thanksgiving Morn from Shiro in December, and I still haven't received it. This was my first indie purchase, so I'm not really sure if it should have come by now.  I messaged Shiro about it, but I was hoping to get more immediate answers of what might've happened from reddit. Besides contacting Shiro, what should I do?



UPDATE:  she messaged back and we got everything figured out. And you guys were right! She is so incredibly sweet!  




 From Left to Right
NYX Wicked Lippie- Power
NYX Butter Lipstick - Little Susie
Wet'N'Wild Lipstick - Pinkerbelle
Lancôme Rouge In Love - Pink Bon Bon 
Wet'N'Wild Lipstick- name has rubbed off
NYX Soft Matte Lip Creme- Antwerp 
Kat Von D liquid Lipstick- Berlin 
Kat Von D liquid Lipstick- Backstage Bambi 









