 Fucking spawn camping for politics, purposeful misinformation tying the opponent to some shit.  




 I wish I had a gf for just this reason. 

Its my version of knifey-spoony. 




 I know. But no one else seemed to get the quote, so I called it. 

Guy I knew, fully grown adult, believed that the moon landing was faked because it would have been cheaper to mine the surface of the moon then, than to send a probe to mars now. 




 There's no way you dated Jessica Simpson. 




 EDIT: Thanks for the gold guys, but you really should donate to the Abused War Sheep of New Brunswick Silent Bachelor Auction and Rickshaw Race for Peace in Occupied North Texas.

EDITEDIT: M'lecherry popped! 




 Interesting dynamic/ abuse of powers... Same thing. 




 No. There are general rules for health and the population, many are really more like guidelines, others are better defined.

For example, smoking and overeating is bad for 99% of the world, whereas maybe 65% of people stop growing at 16.  




 A security council membership or automatic veto would be an interesting dynamic.  




 In a rapey, knifey stabby kinda way, sure. 




 Well apparently I am a machine. 

Fuck you OP. 




 Worth it. 




 Not as far as I know. 




 Ask the demon from HR. 




 This cup of coffee says no. 




 Fuck you too. 




 North Florida is to Florida politics as Lions are to house cats. 




 I have worked as a bouncer, I've seen the worst in a lot of people, but this shit sets a new bar (pununintended.) I just want to drink and read reddit.  




 Shitty. Depression, static from my family, drinking is my refuge. 




 Me too. 




 I must disagree, having worked with the democratic party in florislda for years and by being a resident for 28 years. 









 Who will then vote as religious conservatives. 




 Just need to go from Orthodoxy to Protestantism. Not really a stretch. 




 War isn't kosher. 




 Man, Nathan's is fucking up hardcore. 




 As you wish? 




 As a progressive, I might agree with Ron Paul on something, but good luck getting me to admit it. 




 No, but the keyboards went missing. 




 Uhm, yeah. If you'll remember we sent out a memo about this....

I'll see that you get another copy. 




 A.C.M.E.? We use DerpCo here. 




 Terrorist/freedom fighter same thing.

 




 Will it blend? 




 How do you drink a permanent seat license? 




 So am I. :( 




 Florida. 




 Don't rear end them, it won't do anything. Put your front tire just behind their back tire and spin them into oncoming traffic. 

If you're gon act like a bitch... 




 Boom, knowledge. Source would be nice though. 




 Pillows. 




 Heh. 




 Not a squat, but I leg pressed 1200 in high school. Loaded up all the 45s and 2 classmates on a recumbent leg press and got it up. 

I know it sounds like bs, but if you saw me in person it'd make sense. 




 So that's what happened to Megan Fox. 




 Yea... 

Apparently its early access too. Maybe they'll release the full game with explosives. 




 Playing the field against name recognition and AFAIK there's still a decent chance he will run. 




 You're paying for it in other ways, like poor roads, water systems, underfunded schools... 

They just raised the property tax here in Blount Co. 




 I was trying to sensor the i with an asterisk, but I'm on mobile its just a pain in the ass to format on bacon reader. Also should have added the /s. 

The internet really needs a sarcasm font or a reverse italicized thing. 




 I am evolution's prolapsed anus. 




 You can get 32s in glass.  




 Be gentle... 




 I really think we should tone down the rhetoric here, tr*ggered refers to a tr*gger and I don't want victims of gun violence to feel unsafe. 




 Because I don't want to hand my phone to someone and have them snooping around my dick pics. 




 Empathy, legacy evolutionary traits and because you're a little bit tired. 




 If only that were the case here on reddit or in the real world. 




 Ah yes, the maybe if she laughs at my jokes, I will stop crying about my life strategy. 




 You can, but I like to spice things up a little. You know some good old fashioned sounding. 




 So Pineapple Spice instead of Pumpkin? 




 Of course we've seen women. You think we just masturbate to ourselves and MLP? 




 Sears catalog get old? 




 Maybe Huron and Yankton are shitholes because they aren't the capitol.  




 Yer mum. 




 Boom. 




 In all of my time living in Orlando, I never once paid to go to Disney. I don't do theme parks. 




 You know what you are Trevor? You're a fucking hipster. 




 Its amazing what a lot of money can do.*

If my dream is to have a couch made of Pringles and enough booze to give a blue whale alcohol poisoning, as long as I can pay for it.. Amazing. 




 Free parking my ass. More like free parking and 20 minutes of walking through a frying pan. 




 So that was the sex on the beach thing... 




 M'spelling. 




 Florida man quit for a while? 




 I'm pretty sure resources are on a separate algorithm as it tends to be more related to difficulty. Fewer luxuries equals lower happiness and being a insular/warmongering nation is harder if you have to trade for iron/horses/oil etc. 




 Spend some money to become their ally, receive the bonus influence to be allies for an extra ~30 turns. 




 Check your advanced settings. Resources may be set to sparse.  




 Nope. 

But I do feel like people think I'm lying when I say my height on dating websites.  




 And then I helped an old lady cross the street, but then a cop decided to give me a ticket for parking at a red light, but he got called to a bank robbery so I had to wait for him to come back because he took my license. And then my blood sugar was getting low so I had to stop at mcds and get a burger but there were like 3 cars full of stoner kids in front of me and they all wanted 50 things... And then.... 




 Til I'm user #73264 in karma rankings.  




 Connely or Tyler?

Oh yeah, both. 




 I know. Fetish troll probably isn't looking for a dude, so I was trying to fuck with their fun. 




 Of fucking course she does. 




 I know the statement required unlimited resources, that also could be created in a manufacturing process out of thin air. 

(Qualification ad infinitum)Simplified statement= ELI5. 




 Hamilton  Jefferson IMO. 




 The only thing that this country could get people to agree on in a 75% majority is that this country is filled with idiots. 




 I'm sure someone considered him to be the Michelle Bachmann of his time. 




 So the strongest economy would be the consume, consume, consume kind? 




 As long as it gets shot from a satellite made of sapphire penis jokes. 




 Would you like a side of kitch to go with your campiness? 




 You mean the sleeves aren't supposed to end halfway up my arm?! 




 Do you really have to ask. :) 




 Its more than that. Greece has a very corrupt system when it comes to paying taxes. Like if I made 100k euro I could pay he tax man x euro to say my income was 25k. This corruption was systemic, it wasn't a lack of work, it was a lack of responsibility. 

Combine that with austerity measures, government officials make less, thus increasing corruption, and reducing tax revenue. 




 I'm trying but /u/pepsinext is fucking shit up. 




 Downtown/Afghanistan same thing. 




 Once it gets kicked out of the EU crime will go up. Organized shit will work if the deal in euros, banks will still take euros, but good, local business will not.

They will be on hard times, crime goes up, tourism goes down... Anarchy in the heart of democracy. 




 Austerity doesn't work. Accountability + investment does. At least in the case of Greece it should. 




 Culture. My tourism is pretty high at this point of the game. 




 Sell false tax returns. That's prohibited right? 




 I'm not your friend, buttbuddy. 




 Eh, forgettable.  




 Try out Marconi union and The Mercury Program. 




 Listen to your partner and your trusted friends. Friends will say if your partner is treating you badly, your partner will tell you if you are treating them badly. 

Trust and communication. Listen to yourself, your partner, and those you trust. 

I don't trust people, so I'm sol, but I hope few are as fucked as me.  




 And they keep scoring from halffield. 




 Not enough. Wanna do it for me? 









 15% is the income tax for the highest bracket? 

If I made $20k a year I'd be paying that rate... 




 Global warming is about entire climates subtley shifting. Climates are about the whole picture not one day. Also, snow requires an interaction of warm and cool air, so stronger winter storms fit the global warming bill. 




 Depends on the contract. 




 If a city state is removed from the game the number of votes required for world leader is also reduced. 




 Its like vampire weekend but bloodier. 




 Tithe counts other civs and city-states. Add Religious Texts for a nice bonus. I've sat around just keeping my cities in my religion and the passive influence will keep me making 25-30 gpt. 




 Mothafuckin space blimps bitch. 




 +2 science per tile? Hold up, let me just put my city next to a mountain w/observatory, +national academy, annnnd I've won. 




 People who lie for karma. 









 So +2 sight for america or the UA is only active when you build your 'Empire Wonder'? 

I think everyone's wonder would have to come at the same time or I'd have to wait for the industrial era to get the White House versus Egypt getting Tuts Tomb in the late ancient era. 




 That's like saying most rock bands sound the same because 99% of them are kids in a garage band. 




 I'm on mobile, providing a well structured and cited response is difficult and more time consuming than I'm willing to put in. 

But, I've offered a different view, a reasonable alternative and it seems like your ideology is getting in the way. Fuck off. 




 I didn't say there aren't unions, I said that there are bigger and more compelling issues which result in lack of modernization. 

Also, a Wikipedia about the afl-cio and a biased opinion piece don't really count as good sources. If you want me to believe that unions are the biggest issue, you need better evidence.  




