 Same with my mom. Also anything on adult swim, I couldn't even watch futurama.  Now she lets my younger brothers watch family guy and all those shows. I think she just stopped giving a damn.  




 Thank you, I really appreciate that :-)  




 Thank you! And I plan on it haha. There is most definitely a time and a place for that type of thing,and plus there are some things that are best saved for when you're of age.  




 Yup. That crowd was insane. I actually crowdsurfed to get out, I was getting way too hot and lightheaded in there and there was no chance of walking out.  




 I didn't realize the implication, I really was not trying to say that. I removed that comparison. 




 True, my bad. That wasn't a very accurate comparison.I was just trying to think of concert related risks, I didn't realize the implication there.  




 I don't see how being aware of the risks of something mean you're asking for them to happen.  




 Please tell me where I said crowd surfing meant getting groped and undressed. I stated that that was a RISK of crowdsurfing.  




 No, because that isn't what I basically just said. I said that every girl who crowdsurfs knows that there is a risk of that happening. If you go skydiving knowing there is a chance your parachute may fail are you basically asking to die?  




 I think you guys should remember I was being carried through the crowd up by a sea of pumped up drunk people at a Slipknot concert. Every girl who crowdsurfs knows there is a chance of getting groped, that risk comes with the experience. Not to mention the bikini string could have very well been pulled accidentally. My perspective on this was a fun, memorable concert experience that left me with a better understanding of myself. 

**edit: my mosh pit comparison implied the opposite of my point, I'm sorry. I do not think that you are asking to get groped if you're a girl and you crowdsurf. ** 




 I know it was wrong, if it had happened to a friend I wouldn't be okay with it. I'm just saying that I'm not up in arms over it.  




 You're not oldschool, it's really not okay to remove the top of any woman of any age without their consent.  




