 Swim. Dance.  




 At a dinner party at  house overlooking the bay in Goa. Just taking a break from conversations about cats, suicide, and primary healthcare. 









 Yeah, that's true. But it didn't look like a plane. And as I described above, seemed to move along the celestial sphere.

Thanks for your responses! 




 Unlikely. The rate of "ascension" was similar to the rate of "descent" of the setting moon. Plus seemed to be moving from E to W across the skies parallel to the celestial equator. I used my Google Skymap for confirming this. Disappeared soon after the sun rose. No noise. No jet trails. 









 Just listening to the station! Sounds really good! Thanks! 




 Not sure what this question means. But because I'm a huge fan of *The Civil Wars* and their song *The One That Got Away* (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxCbfJtM2kU), I'm going to attempt to answer it.

My first boyfriend. I think that is my best relationship to date. It was a long-distance one and he got stolen away by someone who was very much like me who was closer to him. This happened so quickly, I was stunned and went into a downward spiral. Took me a year to get back. 




 Sorry for cutting in - if you get the time please check my responses below.

I'm in Mumbai, India. I have a similar problem getting my psychotropic meds for depression/anxiety. I have to go get them every month and it's quite traumatic because of the sheer anxiety of the pharmacists judging me. If I understand correctly, in the US, pharmacies get prescriptions directly from shrinks (at least that's what my friend in NYC told me), and you just have to walk up there and get your meds. Here, I have to get a physical prescription, go on the same date, and then stand for about 20 minutes to eventually get my meds. Plus, sometimes, they say "not in stock," which means I'll have to call them and/or visit them multiple times. I wish things were easier/better. 




 I take clonazepam 0.25 mg, haloperidol 0.25 mg, bupropion 150 mg (SR), and amitryptiline 5 mg. Yes, there are controlled substances. But I do have a valid prescription each time I got there. My shrink asked me to make my own prescription pad and prescribe myself! 




 Yes, here (in Mumbai, India) they need a copy of the prescription for records, plus your address and the doctor's address. I have to go to a large pharmacy to get it and there only one guys knows me. In fact, the last time, I had to write my registration number on the prescription because they would not give me another brand of the same generic medication because they think that if the doctor has prescribed one brand only that should be given. I thought it was ridiculous. I showed them my doctor's registration and then they had to give me. Still traumatic! 




 The anxiety of going to a chemist and then being judged for possible substance abuse - it's the worst. Plus, in India, they almost always have one thing or the other "not in stock." I wish there was mail-to-order facilities here. 




 A doctor here. 

About antibiotics - I think you forget to mention that the most important reason for multidrug-resistant batcteria is rampant antibiotic use. This measure helps curb that. 




 Ellen DeGeneres 




 I have the same problem with my psychotropics meds for the treatment of depression/anxiety. 




 Thanks, will check it out. 




 Sounds very cool. Will check it out. Thanks. 




