 Very sad situation. It sounds like you're a great guy, and I feel for you dude. I don't understand her end game though. You said she has an agenda. What is it? Why is she keeping her kids from a good father? And then being plain mean to him? Just...wtf!?!! 




 I've been pretty neutral on gun control in the US. This story did it for me. A house party turning into a battle zone can't happen in most countries because of sensible gun laws. 





 




 Thanks guys! 

This is a subject I don't know a lot about, so all input is appreciated. When I hear HSBC say things like "the world economy is like an ocean liner without a lifeboat" it makes me wonder what's going to happen to my RMB. That, and I'm sure China's plateauing growth can't be good either, but I don't know how that works either.  









 It's real. In China, that might be tofu powder in Daisy's urn. Pictures like this are common to prove the job is well done.  









 HAHAHA The magazine finally gave credit to "The Moth and the Flame actually not cheesy for once..." Just when I thought they couldn't get any sleezier...they totally redeem themselves!  




 Shitty China internet. I can't read the graaaaaph 




 More!  




 "Cherry red chariot, excess is just my nature." 




 Craziest story here! What's the custody situation? Did you bring up her trying to murder you in the divorce proceedings?  




 If he's working for or the equivalent of Goldman Sachs/Marryl Lynch, it's no surprise he's working these hours.  









 A mentally impaired man lived with his adorable parents in the house across the street.

I never saw him out of the house unless he was being led into the family's Lincoln Towncar. He shuffled. He mostly stared at the ground. He really was just a sad kid in a middle aged man's pot bellied, unshaven body, but at 6 that made zero sense to me. 

So when he was hunched over the fence, ogling me as I biked up and down our culdesac one summer afternoon, I was confused. When he asked if I had rope and tape, I was scared. When he opened the gate and chased me back to my driveway, I was terrified. 

I still have a vivid memory of me jumping off the rear bumper of my dad's car to reach the rope hanging from the bottom of the garage door, and turning the lock.  




 [New Slaves](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dT3swdCJrrg) 




 A good cuddle session can be better than sex. I think everyone just wants to feel connected to someone, even if it's just for a night.  




 Good stuff. If you don't mind, I'm going to go through your links later and ask some follow-up questions.  




 It's magic to me. What equipment do they use? What software? And how are they using that equipment and software?  




 Oklahoma Joe's? 
I haven't lived in KC for a few years.  




 we got a badass over here!  




 "Forgetful tourist?" 




