 I um, had an abortion earlier this year. I have been lactating a tiny bit for months now. I also recently became single and have been thinking about doing some porn. Maybe I should try and make some money off this while it lasts. 




 Yeah I am really into being a sub. It's super hot. I also really like pain and stuff.  




 :) 




 That's not the problem. It's either from my eds or fibro. I just don't know which.  




 I don't even know.  




 No, like when I watch an episode of something and someone else shows up and decides they need to watch it. Or someone wants to rewind the movie five minutes back.     
If it were up to  me it would be an easy thing to avoid.  




 Thanks. Some of those are duplicates. I am constantly in between meds. Right now all I'm on is cymbalta, an anti inflammatory, and melatonin. But I'm about to start lyrica.  




 Oh I'm so honored.  




 Yeah its fine. I am sad and all but I have way more shit to worry about so it's whatever. 




 But they taste exactly the same.  




 It's just some yuppie thing. 




 There are still a lot of squatters. Hence all the couches on the side of the road with no cushions. Haha. But yeah everyone is pretty pissed about the St Roch market opening back up. 




 Yeah that would be sketchy.  




 When was that? I will still go a couple blocks at night. Or wherever when I'm on my bike.  




 I don't know. I guess just knowing people. Ha. I was in a really shitty sideshow for a little bit which was fun. Only toured with a band though doing their merch. 




 Well also once there was so many abandoned houses all the squatters and punks came in. It was only a few years ago that there were still squats in the bywater. 




 I don't think I have ever even been there.  




 I do what I want.  




 Yeah I lived in the 8th ward and worked in the 9th. It's weird that it's not as sketchy as you would  think because there are so many white punk kids there. I love it there. 




 It is Tia isn't always at the rescue but she is always doing something for the dogs. 




 Yeah I probably never would have noticed I did that. 




 I wasn't stumbling. That is actually the only time I have preemptively taken my knife all the way out. But yes. 




 Um. Ok.  




 A bat. I would totally ride that shit.       
Yes I know the username is relevant so we can just establish that now. 




 I read a book about something like that before.  




 I just became single yesterday. My life is a bit of a mess due to my health so I am just getting treatment and trying to think about what I want to do when I get better and how I will do it.       
I am going to try and learn new tricks so I can go back to sideshow performing as well as practicing more music. When my hands let me anyway.  




 Re watching something I just saw.      




 I really liked watching my ex play pool. It was hot somehow.  




 How so? 




 Not live and I don't know if I ever made it into the show but I worked for Villalobos Pitbull Rescue of Pitbulls and Parolees. It's actually pretty straightforward. Those people are actually just trying to rescue dogs. They are genuinely decent people. Tia especially is exactly the way she seems. She is a total saint so long as you're on her good side.        
All the money that is donated and gotten from animal planet goes towards taking care of the 500 or so dogs they have and they really need it in order to keep the place running.        
I know it's a shitty answer.  




 Just became single yesterday. I have a lady body and my personality isn't very shitty.  




 MwaHaHaHaHa. 




 Rubber chicken. 




 Who is touching me?         
 




 Interacting with people who are not nice. 




 In a school bus. I may have just been having sex with myself. But still. Everyone was sleeping.  




 Bleach. It's all the same.  




 I love porters.       
Also tequila.         




 Half man. Half bear. Half pig. 




 I actually heard about a store in one of the dry states (that don't sell booze on Sunday) that had listerine on ice up front. I also heard of a guy that only drank listerine. Like bottles of it a day.       
People are insane.  




 Heroin. Seriously. I could never get addicted to that shit because I was so disgusted with myself.          
Edit: Apparently mistakes are okay unless it's a typo. 




 Some old crack head tried to rob me (small female) in the ghetto of New Orleans  and I scared him away. I was drunkenly walking home by myself super late after a show and already had my knife out, open, and in my hand. He was pretending to have a gun. I'm not afraid to act insane.       
It was right next to a friend's place so I just stayed there that night.  




 I have been practicing those kinds of parenting skills with my drunk friends. Not really by choice.  




 The line "Jesus freaks, out in the street" always makes me imagine Jesus having some kind of tantrum or mental breakdown on the sidewalk.       
Dude, did you see Jesus freaking out in the street earlier? Shit was crazy. 




 Every time a guy has been like "I really want to be with you."        
Those are always the most neglectful partners.  




 I know all the words to American Pie. It's almost a problem. Also anything Jim Croce I need to sing along to even though my range is nothing like his. 




 And get all gay. 




 I secretly like it. I hate everything else popular for the most part.  




 If there are dogs around I use it as an excuse to babble nonsense to myself. I will start out talking to the dog then just go on making weird noises to myself.  




 There were several. Just broke up yesterday.  




 The smell of garbage bags being opened that were full of towels soaked in dog urine and poo after it had sat for weeks on a hot wet New Orleans day.       
That almost knocked me on my ass. 




 I went to an abortion clinic in the south. I'm assuming that at least a couple people that work there are Christian.  




 "Curiosity killed the cat."        
There is a second part which is "and satisfaction brought it back." 




 I don't even know what all of my pain is from anymore. Ha. 




 Yeah it sucks. I'm not positive of everywhere I have it besides my hands. But I am pretty sure it's in my hips, wrists, elbows, neck, and jaw. Probably not too bad in most of them. 




 Thank you so much. I'm glad you found it relatable.  




 I'm still all about forts at 23. Not so much chasing plastic bags around.  




 That's what I was hoping for. I know I'm not the only one who feels this way. 




 I don't get the dread fluff part I guess.  




 So you haven't performed with a sideshow or anything? There is generally more money in busking but touring is a blast. 




 Fluff fluff? My hair is actually flat and straight and asian. And my bangs are actual bangs. And those pictures are like eight years old. I am attractive.  




 Thanks. They were actually just sitting there and that was the best way I could set my phone so my instrument wasn't way louder than my voice.      
Thanks for the feedback. :) 




 He was only in one scene. 




 Thank you.     
 




 Shit. I have too many doctors appointments for this thought to exist.  




 That makes more sense.  




 Start appreciating yourself. Don't let other people's bias impact what you know about yourself.        
Trust me, this is coming from a sideshow performing musician with hairy armpits  (femaleish). I really don't care what people think because I know I am a decent person and my preferences are my business.      
What I am saying is, be the person you know is great and it should work out.  




 I went to the doctor. Maybe some old lady that would have had my appointment won't get in until tomorrow and will die of a UTI tonight or something.      
Wow I feel really hypothetically awful now. 




 As a teenager?  




 It has never been a problem. We don't judge each other. I can't really work anyway but regardless I don't mind living in a van if it means I get to travel. I don't really care for nice things and no one tries to obligate me to. 




 Yeah it was before your time. You're missing out.  




 "Fuck my lungs, the rest of my body is fucked anyway. I doubt I can make it much worse. At least cigarettes are helping keep my blood pressure up. Fuck. I want to be normal." 




 First off I have female genitals. When I was 11 or 12 and my sister had moved out I would go through her room and look through all the stuff she had left. Under her bed I found a VHS tape titled "Women in Red".  Yeah it had Ron Jeremy in it. I would masturbate to it when I was home alone.  




 First off. How old are you?  




 My dad likes to listen to that song and cry every time. It's weird. 




 You mean the Coneheads song? 




 Any kind of short term injury.  




 Life. 




 Most people I know that have them wear them as earrings.  




 I messed up a few times but didn't have the energy to do another take. It's also not done and still needs a better bridge. But I thought some of y'all might appreciate it anyway.         
https://youtu.be/lcs67xhaZfk 




 Actually, my standards are different than yours so it is fine because I don't associate myself with people who judge me. 




 She. 




 Yeah I bet. His last few albums have been awful. It's sad. 




 Edited. 




 Edited. 




 Edited. 




 Do it. Manson fans are supposed to be shitty. 




 It can work. I still have a bunch of piercings in my face and now I have tattoos. I dress a little more punk rock now. Wear what you like, it doesn't matter. One of my favorite articles of clothing is a knit body suit. 




 It was the eat me drink me tour but I was actually pleasantly surprised that he only played like two songs from that album. He was actually pretty good. And he played rock n roll jigger which was awesome.  




 Ha. Yeah. 




 I couldn't log in. :( 




 Yeah I'm still a weirdo. 




 Actually I was female but yes I am now an Asian male. 




 Half white. Not wealthy. Just a fucking punk. 




 I have a cousin named spike. I think you're good. 




 Maybe not the saddest, but Trouble by Cat Stevens always makes me want to kill myself a tiny bit. 




 I fucking hate showering with anyone else. It's the worst. Making sex out of the question. 




 I'm all about that shit. 




 I never liked it until my current boyfriend. He's kind of a big guy so it is easy for me to be on top of him. We 69 regularly and it is pretty great.  




 My meds that I have to take on an empty stomach. If I wait too long to eat I stop wanting to. Which doesn't work out well because I need to take other meds with food at the same time.  




 Story of my life.  




 Um. I was actually 16. Like I said. Soooo cool. 




 I just like to have sex with people.  




 You should have just played it off as a joke. 




 I still ask people. If I actually like them anyway. Not just a random hook up though I guess.  




 I was the goth kid. I made my own pair of those awful plastic cyber goth dread falls and wore them to a school dance with a corset and shit.       
I also used to shave my eyebrows and draw them on which was fine after the first year once I had figured out how to do it well. It was rough at first though.       
I am going to see if I can get on my old MySpace and find embarrassing pictures.        
EDIT: I couldn't get into my old account. Here are some pictures but they aren't as embarrassing as the ones I can't access. http://imgur.com/a/mYsgg 




 Dude when I was in high school I took a bible to a Marilyn Manson concert and tore it up and threw it on stage. I was sooooo cool. 




 If it makes you feel any better I had actually been with at least twice that many people by 18. 




 That's the sort of shit I do all the time. No fucks. 




 That's beautiful. Like some kind of performance art exhibition.  




 Thanks. And yeah I also have osteoarthritis and fibro. As well ass fatigue but that comes with the territory. I'm somehow lucky enough to have no back problems.      
But yeah I appreciate hearing from you. 




 Thanks. 




 Well now that you point it out I realize there is a typo. But there was nothing intentionally wrong. I am just a huge fruit when it comes to that song. 




 Thank you. I do spend time on /r/chronicpain and /r/ehlersdanlos which I have found to be very helpful.      
I appreciate hearing from you. I know there are tons of people out there like me. It's just frustrating. I have talked with a pain psychiatrist, it was nice to be validated that I am handling my health like I should. But I kind of already know that. This would be so much easier if I could get my regular doctors to trust me enough to treat me.  




 Yeah I can't really stand almost any new popular country. 




 The coconut oil actually helps. I have tried several things and nothing really gets rid of it. I guess I don't care that much about it, not many people see my ass in person. I just feel a little self conscious about it sometimes.        
I had cystic acne on my face until this year so I'm hoping the rest will go away on its own eventually too. 




 When I say bluegrass community it includes other things like folk and whatnot. Most of those musicians play multiple genres revolving around the bluegrass scene. It's mostly just the musicians that hate the song and don't want to play it. Which is really the only part of the scene I am familiar with.  




 I know the guy that played the fiddle in that version and we would always give him shit. 




 Yeah the regular demographic it works for. But there is actually a bluegrass karaoke with a live band somewhere one the west cost. People pay $5 or something to sing a song with the band. Wagon Wheel costs $100.  




