 You will get the old back you, I promise that. Actually, you'll be an even stronger person.

Have you been diagnosed with depression? 




 This game has destroyed my life, it's like crack. I throw my phone down in frustration and then pick it straight back up and start playing again.  




 Not a single member of my fathers side of the family have died of anything but cancer for 40 years. My mothers side almost everyone has suffered with a stroke. Waiting game for which one I guess  




 His god damn dimples. They let him get away with murder at times.  




 What a silly comment to make, I've been there as well, it's peaceful in the shower. You got up even though it was the hardest thing you've ever had to do, baby steps?  




 I also say try not to understand all the time, I have 'clarity days' where I'm open and I will listen to people suggestions and good things that have happened. 

When I'm down and beating myself up, there's nothing I want more than a 'yeah you are going through a really shit time' if they try and tell me how to feel better or good things that have happened I feel like they aren't listening and get frustrated and angry. Sometimes I just need someone to acknowledge that what I'm going through and what I'm saying is shit, but they are there regardless of the shitness.  




 I agree, just knowing someone is there but not expecting anything of me, makes me feel safe. I get scared of being on my own because I can be so dark but I struggle with basic interaction at times so there's nothing better than someone knowing you need them but not expecting anything of you other than your presence  




 I'm from the uk and I paid about £20 for 16 stencils. Which can be used again if you're careful, but I'm not 




 Ah! I just order mine from eBay, they were really cheap :) 




 That's true :) thank you. I hope they are okay though  




 I can't remember normal pooping it's been so long...heh heh 




 This user has been deleted :( that worries me so much. 




 This user has been deleted :( that worries me so much 




 I hear people talk about pooping or read or see a meme and my first thought is 'I wish I normal pooped just once' 

The life of an IBS sufferer is shit, pun intended.  




 I bought mine from a local Asian shop because they sell big packs :) 




 Expensive?  




