 Thank you for your reply! Don't get me wrong, I know that having money wouldn't solve all of my problems, all I'm saying that if I had a stable financial background then I wouldn't have to worry about how I'm a burden to my mother, who is really supportive, but sometimes hardly make ends meet and that feeling just slowly killing me. While the other part of my family is very rich... but that's another long story. So yeah, there are all type of anxieties out there, I know it's not always about the money. 

Self employed? In which field? I'd love to be self-employed and I am willing to learn new skills, just don't know where to start. I worked in an office as a back-office employee and I really hated it because of my coworkers. Though they weren't that bad, they were just making me nervous all the time. 




 Oh yess! And how awfully frustrating it is!  




 Thank you for your kind words! Yeah, all I can do is hope and try and try again. I know.  




 Thank you!! Since then I explained them that I just want to do something where I don't feel that bad all the time. They always tell me that it's "working", not "playing", no one likes to work, but we have to. I know that's a really negative approach and I don't think that they feel what I felt when I was working.  




 This is a growing problem for people in their 20s. I'm in a similar situation, had a desk job for a year but I had to quit because of my anxiety. Looked for online jobs but I couldn't find any promising offer, especially because I'm from a not so developed european country. I don't know how we should make money, but I think it's gonna be a huge problem for us and younger generations in the future. I have time, I'd work 10 hours a day, if I could do it from my home with my laptop. Actually all I have is time... 




 I feel like that sometimes. Like this world is a dull theatre with only one role you can act. Sometimes I want to be more than the avarage stupid humans I see everytime in the city, but then I think about how much work I need to do to be someone respected and powerful, how could I be that person when I can't even function like a normal human being. 

As I read your words I remembered my favourite lines from the BBC Sherlock series, I can really identify with: 
 Moriarty: Well. Here we are at last. You and me, Sherlock. And our problem. The Final Problem. "Staying Alive". So boring, isn't it? It's just... staying. All my life I've been searching for distractions. And you were the best distraction and now I don't even have you.  




 Oh yes, I'm in a similar situation, left college, was working for a year, then one day I just couldn't do it anymore.. went to psychiatrist, got meds, none of those worked. Right now I'm a lot better and everyone encourage me to get a job but I've been unemployed for two years.. and it's hard even to think about getting a job. Ironically I have friends, but they don't understand my problems at all and try to motivate me with such cliches.  




