 No I was just passing the offer on. You can call and ask 




 Gold's Gym just posted an offer on their Facebook page:

https://www.facebook.com/goldsgymrichmond

"Join by 7/31 and get 50 days FREE or only pay $9.99 per month, no contract!"

You would have access to a few of the Gold's Gyms in the area including Willow Lawn, the Fan, and Mechanicsville. Willow Lawn would be the closest to Short Pump, about 15-20 minutes.  




 In my experience a lot of guys who have kids just leave that section blank. Pretty much a dead giveaway they not only have children but they have a lot.  




 Must have changed since I checked it last.  




 Lol, just saw this 




 Funny, when I was complaining about the off-leash dog problem at this park on another thread months ago, I got downvoted to all hell suggesting that people leash their damn dogs. 




 Wow, not only am I flabbergasted that I got denied LTD insurance, I can't believe all my comments are getting downvoted. Nice attitude folks.  




 Yep you're exactly right, apparently drinking myself half to death or smoking pot would have been a better option in the long term. Absolutely ridiculous. 

thanks for the info. I'm going to call them on Monday and ask for clarification given the fact that anxiety and depression are so widespread.  




 Thank you. I was absolutely shocked when I got the letter. This is such a common thing in America with doctors diagnosing it left and right and handing out medication like it's freaking Skittles or something.  




 So basically I'm screwed for life, along with a large percentage of other Americans? 




 I recently applied for long-term disability insurance through work. They go through Metlife. I had to fill out an application asking all sorts of questions about various conditions. I was diagnosed with depression/anxiety about ten years ago and put on medication - I was dealing with the death of someone very close to me at that time. I have not been on medication in a very long time.

I received a letter from Metlife today saying that I was being denied LTD coverage due to "a history of depression and anxiety". WTF.

I was shocked they would deny me due to this. It's so common, I don't know a lot of people who haven't been diagnosed and medicated at SOME point in their lives, especially because doctors hand that stuff out like candy. 

What am I supposed to do now? Am I marked for life because I went on medication when I was 21 years old? I'm kind of freaking out here. I own a house now and was in my first car accident last year. I had very minor injuries but it really woke me up to the possibilities of what could have happened. I don't want to lose my house if I become disabled, just because I was depressed when a family member died. What in the world??? 




 Well, there's a lot more information on strobist... 




 My grandmother had two kids. They don't visit much even though they live in the same town. She lives in one of those independent living type senior apartments and is doing fine, other than being pissed off that she doesn't hear much from her own children.

Having children is no guarantee of anything. Sure, there are families out there that are close and when the parents get old the children do everything they can to take care of them. There are also a ton of people who just stick their parents in a nursing home and never visit. Total crapshoot. 

Personally, I feel a safer "investment" is taking the money I would be spending on kids, and putting it in my retirement account and toward long-term care insurance.  




 Thanks for raining on my parade.

It's the biggest one I've seen in Richmond so far, personally. 









 Talk about faulty logic there. Wowza.

Using the same logic... you can't be miserable and resent your kid and fuck them up royally until you have one 




 I'd like an invite pls 




 The same reasons people on full frame buy an 85mm? 




 I work for GE. They are selling off/discontinuing a lot of GE Capital assets in order to make the company more industrial-focused and less focused on the financial industry, which can be more volatile (2008 anyone?)

Synchrony Bank is indeed new but was a spinoff of GE Capital. Pretty much the same thing, for all intents and purposes. 




 Duh. But there's a lot less room for error with digital.  




 I bought a film camera last summer and used it all of twice. The second time, the film didn't rewind properly and I opened the back, losing the entire damn roll of film. That and stories like yours are precisely why film died 




 From what I've read, the Fuji lens is sharper. Those Zeiss lenses didn't sell well and I read on dpreview yesterday that they are being discontinued. For the money, you are better off buying the Fuji. I have the 35 and it's amazing. 




 Awesome. Thanks! 




 You mean the Arts District? 




 I would love to take photos of that Brookland Park corridor because I too believe it will be changing drastically soon. Is it safe to walk around during the day? 




 No different than the crap I get on OkCupid and Tinder.  




 I live in the area and posted something about this on the local reddit several months ago. From what I know it was drug related and the person responsible was well known by the police and friends of the victims. They just didn't have the evidence. I don't know how accurate that is but it certainly wouldn't surprise me.  




 Nope... 




 Nope, don't live there 




 Glad I'm not the only one that thought this 




 I'm finally ready to date after taking some time for myself after a breakup. I'm 33, white female, about 5'6, brownish/blondish hair, fit/athletic build. 

I work out regularly and while I'm not psychotic about it, it's important to me. I have a gym schedule that I stick to about 3-4 days a week. I have hobbies that are important to me (photography) and I'm looking for someone to complement my life, not BE my entire life. I like taking random road/day trips and exploring new places. I also like staying in and having a movie night or whatever.

I've never been married and don't have kids. I also don't want kids, including yours. 

PM to exchange photos. 

Edit: Douchebags looking for a hookup need not apply.

Edit: Married men need not apply. 

Edit: Men outside the Richmond area need not apply.

^ That other post where someone was wondering why women don't post on here? This is why. 




 Times Square is tacky and boring. But if you want photos of tourists, that's the place. 




 Clearly from all the downvotes, OP does not want to hear "don't get one."

Plenty of people survived college without credit cards. It's amazing what can become an "emergency" when you have that card available. There's a reason that credit card companies love students.  




 None. I didn't have a credit card until after college and I thank god I didn't. I've seen students rack up ridiculous credit card debt ON TOP OF their student loans. 




 "Plus around 24mm is the same look you'd get from a phone camera, and people like to stand apart from that."

The pictures I can take with my Fuji 23mm 1.4 are COMPLETELY different than those I can take with my iPhone. 




 I'm not sure what's worse, that he is making money off other people's work, or that people buy his work. Seriously, that amount of money for an Instagram screenshot, wtf?? 




