 Brilliant, thanks! 









 I'm playing through this game for the first time, and I find I have a lot of potions that I have no real intention of using, but that could earn me some cash, but I can't find anyone to buy them off me. Is there anyone I can sell them to? I'm just about to go to Dorm's Deep, if that makes any difference (in terms of NPCs available at this point).

Thanks! 




 Sophie Howard. 




 They are, it's Sophie Howard. 




 I think Geena Davis says it when the girl is leaving his house. 

Edit: just seen someone posted the link. Apologies! 




 It's an actual line in the film as well isn't it? 




 When I worked as a volunteer in forestry, my boss told me that when trees fall down towards people, their instinct is to turn and almost outrun the tree falling straight at them, rather than just run to the side. I was always very dubious when he told me this, but clearly the man knew he was talking about! 




 Couldn't agree more with this. She is such a good performer, as well as having an incredible body, it makes her videos absolutely amazing. I think it just shows that a cracking body isn't always enough. I personally find Lucie Wilde's videos an absolute bore for example, despite her jaw dropping tits, because she really doesn't seem into it at all. 














 I'm pretty sure the second one is Kerry Louise. Had a quick look on Google images for her brazzers scenes and there aren't many where the guy is wearing a white shirt. It seems to be a scene with Danny D. I can't check because my IP is porn blocked!! :( 




 I do whine a lot on Facebook about disgusting, unexpectedly hot weather. However, I like to feel I'm redressing the balance after the constant complaining about unexpected, dismal weather from all my friends, when I absolutely love it! 




 Haha sorry! I wanted to make sure the title didn't give away the surprise :D 









 BBC Sport reporting that Ashley has won a court injunction to stop details of the retail deal being revealed at tomorrow's EGM. Sorry, on my mobile so can't provide a link. 




 I think they were as well, but I think she also had a bit more meat on her bones in general as well. She seems to have slimmed down since then, but lost some weight off her tits as well as a result. 




 And it doesn't look like it travelled around the globe 7 times either.

 Several barographs recorded the wave seven times over the course of five days: four times with the wave travelling away from the volcano to its antipodal point, and three times travelling back to the volcano. **Hence, the wave rounded the globe three and a half times.**

In saying that, I know absolutely fuck all about this stuff, so it could still technically be right! 




 This is why I prefer pics of busty women with bras on, rather than topless. I would do literally anything to bury my face in that cleavage!! 




 Makes for very nervous viewing though!! :( 




 Rangers are bossing it so far. 




 Fucking hell, what a figure! 




 Holy shit, who is this? 




 To be honest, when Rangers beat Hibs I thought they'd be going up, but it's going to be a massive ask now. 




 Holy shit, those tits are perfect! 




 Bea Flora 




 [Katie Morgan - American Daydreams](http://www.absoluporn.com/en/video2-1849420-american%20daydreams%20katie%20morgan.html)

Sorry for the rubbish site, doesn't appear to be on xvideos anymore. 




 This is why I love tits that aren't so big they slide down to the sides when a girl is on her back. The tits on this girl are absolutely perfect for sucking on when she's on her back, because you wouldn't need to use your hands to get them in the right place! Cracking body! 

EDIT: Spelling 




 A friend of mine once referred to me as 'alarmingly white'. 




 They could have just said something like "winning numerous trophies". 




 What a load of mawkish, sentimental bollocks. I've loved football since I was old enough to kick a ball, and I can't fucking stand Steven Gerrard. Respect? Absolutely. Love? Not a fucking chance. 




 His sanctimonious attitude towards diving is the main reason I can't stand him. He has the brass neck to have a go at players who dive, going so far as to mention his distaste for it in his fucking book, yet it's something he's clearly been guilty of himself. He needs to look a bit closer to home before making these kinds of comments. And before anyone says it, I know he didn't dive as much as Ronaldo or Drogba at their worst but they don't come out and act all high and mighty about it.  




 In my game, my ambition is to write the Zong of the Zee, for which you need 77 of each of the objects listed in my title, and it can be pretty tedious trying to collect them all. But I've stumbled on a great way to collect them. 

If you go through the Isle of Cats storyline, you might end up with a SAY notice in the port that says "Walk through the rose garden". (I say might, because I don't know if it happens every time or is a chance thing).

Each time you choose this, you receive either 10 MoDS, or 10 ToT. If you then head to the shop Wind Come Calling in Irem, you can exchange 2 ToT for one Zee Story, rather than relying on Jillyfleurs, and giving news to light ships. I did this, and got my all my zee stories in no time at all :) 




 Thanks! My ambition is to write the Zong of the Zee, so I needed to find some good ways to get secrets because I'd already discovered everything on the map! 




 Apologies for the poor quality of the video and audio but it's literally the only clip I've managed to find of it.

Full film is [here.](http://www.xvideos.com/video1188090/roommates) 









 Apologies if this is common knowledge, but I've discovered a pretty good way of getting secrets that you can carry out in the Iron Republic. If you arrive there and your Terror is 70 or higher, one of the options available after a SAY notice is to "Listen". This gives you a minimum of 70 fragments every time. Then you can just sit in port and keep doing this every time you get a new SAY. I was lucky in my map because Pigmote Isle was near the IR, so I could just go there and reduce my terror by attending a banquet in my honour. But it meant I was getting a secret every 5 days, which equated to about 6 minutes!

Anyway, hope that's of some use!  




 Thanks for your replies, I've actually figured out how to get the shop to open, even if you've missed the 1-4 day window.

The shops in the IR open on a rotational basis, depending on how many days you've been there, but it also involves a bit of chance. This is how to get the House of Pleasures:

1. Take note of your days spent in IR.
2. When you arrive at IR, if your days spent is less than 15, send your sailors ashore, which increases your days spent by between 2 and 4. Be wary though, this increases terror quite a bit.
3. Continue to do this until your days spent is over 15, when it says The Explusus (I think it's called) is now open. (You'll need to sit in the dock until a Something Awaits You appears each time. Bring plenty of supplies!).

THIS IS WHERE CHANCE COMES INTO IT. SAVE AT THIS POINT IF YOU AREN'T DOING THE INVICTUS PLAYTHROUGH.

Now, instead of sending your sailors ashore, open the shop. This resets the day counter. However, it sometimes resets the days to 5, which means you miss out on House of Pleasures and have to do the cycle again, and sometimes it resets it to 1, which will open House of Pleasures for you. Keep reloading till you get it! :) 




 I need to get into the House of Pleasures in the Iron Republic to trade my Searing Enigmas for a Dread Surmise, but I can never get it to appear. I know it involves moving the days on, but every time I try, it skips from the last shop straight through to the second shop and the House of Pleasures never appears. If anyone could help me out with this I'd be extremely grateful. 









 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxUm-2x-2dM 




 When I was in Paris a couple of months ago I went to the Eiffel Tower, but didn't go right up to it at first, choosing to sit on a bench a bit away from it, to get the full view. While I was sitting there, 5 different groups of these scammers came up to me in the space of about 30 minutes. Thankfully I knew about it, and just roundly ignored them. 




 Totally agree. I love the bimbo look on the whole, it's why I'm on this sub, but I do make an exception in this case. Before the work she had done I thought she was one of the absolute hottest women in the business, but I can't even watch her stuff now, I think she looks absolutely ridiculous, especially her big fish lips! 




 Literally some of the best natural tits I've ever seen. And on such a slim frame. That bit right at the end where she stretches is incredible. 




 Yeah I got that a couple of times! Just sold the treasure though, don't have any interest in pimping my house anymore than I need to for my ambition to be fulfilled! 




 I've just managed to get to the point in the Isle of Cats where I can start buying Red Honey for 600, to then sell it on the brass embassy in London for 999. The way I do it is to buy some red honey, then just sit in port for 10 days or so, buying another cargo of honey each day. Then, when I return to London, I bribe the dock officials 500 echos, which is only a small percentage of the profit I then make.

But is this something I can do indefinitely, or does something happen when suspicion gets too high?

Thanks! 




 Thanks! 




 Name? 




 Yeah, I suppose not, I guess I'm still used to the high 50,000s from when I still lived at home during O'Neill's time. 




 Yeah I was wondering if attendance might go up a bit next year, as I've heard we're playing much more attractive stuff than under Lennon or Strachan. 




 Yeah I guess playing the likes of Dundee (no offence Dundonians!) isn't exactly a huge draw with prices being what they are :( 




 Thank you :) 




 Thanks! 




 I just had a quick look at a table of [Celtic's average attendances](http://www.fitbastats.com/celtic/club_records_league_attendance.php) over the years, as every time I watch highlights from a game at Celtic Park there's always loads of empty seats.

It says that the average attendance for this year is 43,951, which would be the lowest since 1996. Living in England, I'm not really privvy to the ins and outs of Scottish football as much anymore, and was wondering what the reasons are for the low attendances?

Obviously, having no Rangers has had an effect, and these are still difficult times for people financially, but is there anything else to it? Are fans not happy with the way the team's playing? 




 I just arrived at Port Cecil in my game, and before getting supplies etc. I moved on one of the storylines. The trouble is, the reward was 7 of an item that I don't want, and I had exactly 7 cargo space left in my hold. I thought I would be able to go to the shop and buy fuel, then dump the unwanted cargo, but the BUY option is greyed out. I have 0 fuel left, and if I can't fix this my game is fucked because it saved it after I did that. I really don't want to die and have to do all this shit again, it's the one part of the game that just isn't for me.

If there's no way to dump cargo, can I manipulate the save file or something to get rid of the unwanted items? 




 I worked as a waiter in a chain restaurant and that was always the part of the job I hated most. I'd much rather have just let people get on with it, and made sure I was around if they did have a problem, but I'd we didn't do it we'd get in shit for it because it was an expected part of service.  




 As others have said, partly because it's the second child, but according to the Evening Standard a few days ago, William and Kate employed new PR people this time to deliberately keep it all low key. Part of ensuring it remained that way was guaranteeing access to certain news companies at the hospital etc, and anyone else being asked to move on. So they didn't have the throngs of people camped outside this time. 




 Haha :D I have one of those in my window at school, the kids love it :D 




 Thank you :) 




 Thanks! I've asked this on Facebook as well, and the first suggestion I got was Lavender, so I'll definitely be getting my paws on some of that. And it'll smell nice too :)

Oh, and I live in London. 




 First of all, if this post doesn't really belong in this sub, please feel free to remove, mods. I put it here because I need plants that can grow in UK climates.

My housemates and I have decided to rip out the horrible weeds in our back garden, and attempt to grow some plants (preferably shrubs or large plants) that will attract pollinating insects. The problem is, we know the square root of fuck all when it comes to gardening, and have no idea what plants to look for. Can anyone suggest any that we could plant? To be honest, it does need to be a plant that would require almost no maintenance besides maybe cutting it back occasionally. We all work silly hours, so actually looking after said plants won't be too high on our priority lists! 




 I took [this picture](http://i.imgur.com/ZsyL66K.jpg) of a great white while I was cage diving in South Australia. Horrible damage on the gills, but no idea what from. 




 Oh dear! Sincerest apologies fellow Brits, I felt I'd somehow been extremely fortunate to miss the news, but it seems that not knowing was actually quite commonplace! 




 Last year, I distinctly remember muttering "oh for fucks sake" to myself, when I read that Kate was pregnant again, given the ridiculous, fawning media circus that surrounded the last birth.

But on the way home tonight, I was reading the Evening Standard, where the front page article was about how Wills and Kate have used a new PR team this time, and are keeping things much more under wraps.

Well, I'm pleased to say it's clearly worked, because I had absolutely no idea that, not only was the baby expected soon, but that it's actually overdue now! 

So a big thank you to the PR team from me!! 




 Ah nice! Given that my English team is Everton, that's great news :D 




 Can you get tickets to Palace games fairly easily? I always just assume Premiership clubs sell out every week. I'd love to go and see them, the atmosphere sounds amazing. 




 I had no idea Boruc was playing for Bournemouth these days! Loved him when he was plying his trade for us! I want Bournemouth to go up even more now :D 




 I think this is [Maya Milano](http://www.scoreland.com/big-boob-models/Maya-Milano/7581/?nats=MTAwNC4yLjIuMi41NDUuMC4wLjAuMA) but could be wrong. 




 [Maya Milano](http://www.scoreland.com/big-boob-models/Maya-Milano/7581/?nats=MTAwNC4yLjIuMi41NDUuMC4wLjAuMA) I think. Not 100% sure.
 




 A situation made infinitely worse if I'm on my way back from the weekly shop with 3 fully laden bags in each hand. Although I think the pained smile and mouthed 'thank you' are sufficient to hide the fact that I feel my arms are about to be torn from their sockets, as I lollop across the road. 




 I used to share that equal sense of relief and insult, until people actually started sitting beside me. Now it's just 100% relief. 









 I was just thinking the exact same thing. I would have thought wearing of shinpads would be compulsory. 




 Are there any other angles? I've watched it a few times and still can't really see what sanchez did because of my shitty mobile screen :( 




 Don't have the source I'm afraid :( 




 Fuck me, that's hot! Reminds me of one of my favourite things which is to have my hand on a girl's leg, and then get her to cross her legs so my hand is being pressed between her thighs. Bit TMI perhaps, but I advise all blokes out there to try it with their gf's, it feels amazing :) 




 Love a bit of HP on my beans. 




 This was brilliantly written mate, nice one :) 




 [She still models](http://www.marksandspencer.com/l/women/twiggy-for-mands-collection/twiggy-for-mands-collection) for a British clothes company called Marks and Spencer. Although not quite in the same way as she did in her prime! 

I saw the picture posted by OP years ago in Camden and for years I thought it was [Carey Mulligan](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/45/21/19/4521195696bc8208716dbd3a3e31cae0.jpg).  




 2 successful trades with /u/s5ean.

First ISO he linked me to didn't work, but when I messaged him about it, he was very quick to send me an alternative link, which worked perfectly. Thanks! 




 Ah thanks, it could be that :) 




 This is no laughing matter. 




 I go past this every day on the train! One of my all time favourite buildings :) 




 From the Wiki page:

 Air traffic controller Gilles Logelin noticed the flames before the Concorde was airborne, however with only 2 km (1.2 mi) of runway remaining and travelling at a speed of 328 km/h (204 mph), its only option was to take off. The Concorde would have needed at least 3 km (1.9 mi) of runway to abort safely.


[Link to Wikipedia page](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air_France_Flight_4590) Sorry, should have included this in my original post. 




 Is that the Aquaterra place? If so, I second this recommendation. Good value for money, and no requirement for a yearly contract or anything like that. 




 [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbPh2llw0-M) is horrible quality, but still worth a watch. 




 I got sunburn earlier! Glorious weather down London way! 









 Ah I see! Can't help but think it would make sense to do both at the same time though :) 




 He looks a little too happy for someone who's had his boules removed! 




 What is this from? It looks like Bioshock Infinite, but set in France. 




 These road signs are directly across from each other on the same street. Seems strange that they haven't been changed (well, the wrong one at least). 









 [Short piece on YouTube about the crash](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFgFw4T1OUU).

It includes footage from a car driving past, showing the Concorde in flight. 









 Wibble.  




 Thanks mate :) 




 Do you have a link to Zamora's goal? 




 Ipswich Town manager Mick Mccarthy summed it up quite nicely when he said the Championship was 'bonkers'.  




 I've only just started playing Skylines, and one of the things I've started adding through Workshop is the high rise office blocks, because I want to create a CBD type area like La Defense or something. I go to the relevant Workshop page and click subscribe, and when I go into the content manager menu of Skylines, all the office blocks are there and set to 'on'. But when I actually zone offices in-game, it's the same 2 or 3 that keep appearing over and over, despite subscribing to more than 20. A couple of them turned out to be unique buildings, which I hadn't realised, but it still falls way short of what I was hoping to see.

Am I missing anything? Is there some kind of script extender I need, like you do for some Skyrim mods?

Thanks! (Just going to bed, will reply tomorrow, thanks!) 




 God this is absolutely hilarious! I wonder how much improv there was in the show and how much was actually scripted. It sounds like the guy who plays Kev is just saying the first things that come into his head! 




 I won't link to the Mail Online article, but I just had a quick look, and the whole thing appears to have massively backfired, judging by the comments section. Everyone, including the readers of the DM itself, are pretty unanimous that this is beyond the pale. 




 Not sure if the guy's dick is big enough to count for this sub, so if not, please feel free to remove it mods!

Taken from /r/quiver 









 Jesus, that ass! And those thighs. Hot as all fuck. 




 Oh yeah, where the hell did I get the 2 from?

While we might not agree on the quality of the film I certainly agree this is Alba at her finest, Sin City included! 




 This is from a film she did years ago, called Idle Hands 2. Absolute rubbish, but she does have some good scenes in it!

[Extra](http://gfycat.com/PerfumedIdealIndiancow)

[Extra 2](http://gfycat.com/WickedAnyIrishsetter)

[Extra 3](http://gfycat.com/VacantSickHamadryad) 









 Is he a candidate for SPL player of the year do you think? 




 [This is a link to a vid of hers from Blacked, not sure if that's the right one or not.](http://www.xvideos.com/video10726555/blacked_august_ames_gets_an_interracial_creampie)

Have to say though, she used to be one of my favourites because of her natural stunning looks, but she's clearly had a shitload of work done on her face, and it looks awful IMO, especially her stupidly inflated lips. :(

 




 There's no nudity in this, but given the nature of the clip, I've marked it as NSFW anyway, just to be on the safe side! 









 I genuinely had no idea you could see this amount of detail using home telescopes - I thought that was the sole domain of the huge ones you get out in the deserts!

I'm really can't get across how flabbergasted I am that you can actually make out the bands on Jupiter's surface using just a home telescope! How much of that is due to Jupiter being massive, and how much is due to the telescope's power? Can you see the rings on Saturn through one of these? 




 I know nothing about telescopes, so please excuse my noob question, but is a 1300m telescope one that you just set up in your back garden or whatever? If so, I had no idea you could see Jupiter this big from one of those, and that has absolutely blown my mind. 




 Might be an English thing! I'm a primary school teacher and we teach them as inverted commas :) 

And yeah, I fantasise about the reactions more than the actual death itself! 




 Yeah that first part is me absolutely! Imagining myself killed but in a heroic way, where I've saved an orphanage or something! 




 Thanks for the link! :) 




 For me it happens later in the day, when I get really tired. And yes it does suck, and it doesn't even happen that often for me. Sorry to hear that it's something you go through a lot :( 




 Yeah sounds very similar to mine! 




 That's the thing though - for me it's not suicide I think of, it's being involved in some kind of accident that I have no control over. That's why I wasn't sure if this was a depressive symptom or not. 




 Thanks for this, good to hear what a psychiatrist's view is. Nope, I've never once thought about actually going ahead and doing anything, mainly because the thoughts I have are of me being killed or injured by something external, not by something I've done to myself. This is what leads me to think that it's more about affirmation and validation, rather than depressive thoughts.

Thanks again! 




 Yeah it's not very nice is it? :( 




 It might not be though, that's why I'm asking! This might be a fairly common thing for people to do! Still go to the doctor's but I'd wait and see what they say! :) 




 Apologizing for not reading it all properly :) Good luck in your search! 




 Oh sorry, I thought this was after that post! Yeah, get someone else to hold the camera next time :D 




 The most glaring thing for me is to find a profile picture that has just you in it. Even though you mention below your pictures which one you are, your main picture should always be just you. This is especially necessary if people are doing the quickmatch thing - the pictures there don't have captions underneath, and not many people are going to sit and try to figure out which girl you are in the pictures! 




 I remember nearly having a fucking aneurysm when I heard this for the first time, I was laughing so hard. 




 It's not that they're bad, but the tube stations at Clapham Common and Clapham South absolutely terrify me because of how narrow the platforms are :-/ 




 COOL BEANS!!! 




 What a brilliant comment, thanks mate! Are the US really that far behind with the use of technology? I find that really surprising!

Like I said, the reason I find the book so fascinating is because of how it had to be carried out with no DNA or computers. If Sutcliffe has started killing now, he'd have been caught after the first victim probably! 

I also find it amazing that it was on a hunch that they caught him as well. If I remember rightly, when Sutcliffe was arrested from in the car, he asked to go for a piss, which the police let him do, at which point he dropped the murder weapon he'd been using behind a small wall. It was only later in the station that one of the policemen thought to go back to the scene (I think he might have heard a slight clink noise but I can't remember that much) and when they went back they found the screwdriver that Sutcliffe had been using. 




 The clip in question:

https://youtu.be/QXROcBwRf2E?t=20s 




 But what a way to go :D 




 Nothing off the top of my head, sorry! 




 Haha! You're very welcome! :) 




 I realise it won't be everyone's cup of tea, but I love stuff like this, so thought I'd post it!

Here are more gifs of the same scene:

[Gif 1](http://gfycat.com/TautNaiveGermanshorthairedpointer)

[Gif 2](http://gfycat.com/PeriodicEvilBrahmancow)

[Gif 3](http://gfycat.com/NervousUnfinishedGarpike)

[This is the full scene from YouTube](https://youtu.be/-fb2yV5A3lk?t=1h40m9s) 









 To be fair, Ramsey should have scored before the Markovic fuck up. 




 They might have done yeah. There was certainly a book about it and this picture was the front cover.
 




 Fair enough! Certainly hope so! 




 Oh big game definitely, but United still have to play the likes of City, Chelsea and Arsenal. This could just be me being my pessimistic self of course and United end up winning most of the games!  




 I've seen a lot of people claim that if Liverpool lose they can kiss 4th place goodbye. But Liverpool have got a much easier run in after this, I can still see them get it even if they lose today. And this coming from someone who would love nothing more than see Liverpool implode and somehow manage to get themselves relegated! Is this really a must win game for them? 




 My housemate regularly sleeps until 2 or 3pm on a Saturday, and this is without going out the night before! Never seen anything like it. 









 Ah, thanks for the info :) 




 [Wikipedia page](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reynaldo_Dagsa) 









 If anyone is interested in true crime, I highly recommend the book about the hunt for the Yorkshire Ripper called Wicked Beyond Belief. It's absolutely massive, but it's the best book I've ever read. It's incredible the amount of work and man hours that went into the investigation, because it was all before computers and DNA. Unfortunately, it also shows you how West Yorkshire police made lots of mistakes during their investigation, and just weren't ready to cope with an investigation of that magnitude. 









 [Death of Tina Watson](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Tina_Watson) 









 Just incase anyone is interested, Voltaire is buried in Le Pantheon in Paris. I was there a couple of months ago and took [this picture](http://i.imgur.com/Gdtt0Rf.jpg) of it. Looks much more impressive in the flesh, as it were.

Although I've since discovered he might not actually be in the tomb, as his body may have been lost. No idea whether or not that's the case. 




  Do they regret jumping just as they leap?

According to [this article](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2003/10/13/jumpers), a number of survivors said they regretted their decision either mid way through the fall, or even at the moment they jumped. 




 Little bit of trivia regarding this. The German metal group Rammstein named themselves after the place where the accident happened. From Wikipedia:

*The band was named after the Ramstein air show disaster. At first, the band had denied this and said that their name was inspired by the giant doorstop type devices found on old gates, called Rammsteine. The extra "m" in the band's name makes it translate literally as "ramming stone".*
 




 Unfortunately this a shop job. The woman in the picture is Maria Zarring, and the original nude pics are [here](http://m.xhamster.com/photos/gallery/1957362/maria_mia_zarring_2_with_her_rare_nude_pictures.html?page=11).

She's still fucking incredible though!
 




 I work as a primary school teacher, and this is spot on. At my school we set for literacy and maths, but not for the afternoon subjects like History, Geography, French etc. This effectively means I need to create 3 lesson plans for those lessons, to make sure all pupils can access the lesson, and I don't even have anyone who would be considered to have severe special needs to the point where they need further support. My colleagues have this though, so they're having to do what I am, plus take the SEN children into account. 

I agree that this is the main reason teachers are quitting in droves. How people with kids manage, I'll never know. At the moment I work almost every waking hour (literally), and I still don't get everything done. Granted, part of this is down to time management on my part, but the workload is ridiculous. 




 I do now! I didn't at the time! 




 Oooooh I've been had good and proper well played OP! In my defence, it's April 2nd where i am - my April fools radar was down! :p

Edit: no it's not April 2nd here what the fuck am I talking about. I seriously need to get some sleep! 




 I thought the same! I thought it was a "yeah we're watching it for the plot" *nudge nudge wink wink* kind of thing.

Hopefully someone will start a sub where the content is like the stuff here. 




 Hahaha :D Is there anything I can do by way of thanks? I'm afraid I have no gold to give, but do you have a rep system or something? 




 IT WORKED!! THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU!! I formatted the USB drive, then put the All In One file on it, and it unzipped properly this time :) Thanks so much :) 




 I've formatted the USB drive I'm using to see if that helps. 




 I tried it again and got the same message. I also downloaded a slightly earlier version, from a different site, and got the same message with that one as well.

I really appreciate all the help so far, thanks for your time! 




 OK, when I try to unzip it on my PC, I get the message "Please insert the last disk of the Multi-Volume set and click OK to continue."
 




 Thanks, I'll dload it now. :) 




 Just been linked to the very same page by your colleague, which is promising! Thanks, I'll dload it now. 




 Thanks! Should I choose the DASH All-In-One installation kit at the top? 




 Yeah that's one of the files I was trying, but getting the error message for :( 




 Hardware IDs

PCI\VEN_10ECDEV_8168SUBSYS_2AB5103CREV_06

PCI\VEN_10ECDEV_8168SUBSYS_2AB5103C

PCI\VEN_10ECDEV_8168CC_020000

PCI\VEN_10ECDEV_8168CC_0200 




 Thank you for the swift reply! For some reason it won't let me copy and paste, so I'll need to type them out manually, I'll do that now. Be with you soon! 




 Hi everyone at Tech Support. I recently purchased Windows 7 Ultimate 64 bit, because I wanted to play games like Far Cry 4 and use things like Lightroom much more efficiently. I installed the OS with no problems, but now I'm having an absolute nightmare with drivers, especially the internet ones (I'm writing this on a laptop I borrowed.)

The infuriating thing is that I know the model and make of PC, but when I go to the official site (or any driver site for that matter) and download the drivers I think I need, they don't work. I get a message saying "The version of this file is not compatible with the version of Windows you're running. Check your computer's system information to see whether you need an x86 (32-bit) or x64 (64 bit) version of the program, and then contact the software publisher." I've been making sure to download the 64 bit versions, so I have no idea where this is coming from.

I've tried going into device manager and looking up the driver details for the ethernet controller, but there are none. 

If anyone could help, I'd be so grateful!

My PC is a Hewlett Packard model: H8-1010cs

If it makes any difference, the guy i bought it from bought it in the Czech Republic (I got it second hand).

I just installed Windows 7 Ultimate 64 bit. (6.1, Build 7600)

BIOS: Ver: CHG_7 9.rom vCHG7.09

Directx 11

8 gb ram

Intel i7-2600 3.4ghz

Thanks for any help you may be able to give! 




 Thank you :) 




 Does anyone know who this is please? 




 100% behind this. I think goals should just be described as they are, such as, "30 yard curling shot" or something along those lines. I've lost count of the amount of times I've watch a gif based on the title and end up utterly disappointed, thinking "that was not remotely a screamer/stunner/incredible goal". 




 Apologies for going on a tangent slightly, but this reminds me of my French friend, who didn't quite grasp the idea of censoring, and would write things like:

"m*****rfucker" 




 Forgot about him as well!!

Right, think it's about time I just stopped talking. 




 All very good players, but I wouldn't put any of them ahead of Hazard. I would imagine the closest for POTY would be Harry Kane, with the season he's having.

EDIT: Forgot about Sanchez! He'd have a good shout for POTY as well. 




 Best player in the league, surely? 




 http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1636283/images/o-PHIL-JONES-FACES-facebook.jpg 




 It's because you said 'offsides'. In football, you just say 'offside', without the s.

And he got the ball when he was past the last defender, but offside counts from when the ball is passed, at which point Mata was still onside, albeit by the smallest of margins. 




 Skrtel (towards the top of the screen) looked like he was keeping Mata onside, but only just.  




 Brilliant stream, thank you! 




 To be fair, it does make me sound like a dick. I could have just said sorry. But I was in a funny wee mood yesterday. 




 Was there a deflection on that? I thought it looked that way, especially in the second replay. 




 Fuckin great hit! Love the slight swerve on it at the end, taking it just out of the reach of the keeper. 




 My humblest apologies, good sir!! 




