 Something something, "oh I can't believe you let your four year old get a tattoo" something something... 




 Came back to Scotland from a week away (in Barcelona! :D) last evening and it was such a lovely cheery thing to come back to!
Putting it up somewhere I can see it and get my pride on :p
I love the pony stickers too, totally gonna stick them everywhere, btw ;)

Thanks! :D 




 I know right? These things are very heavily influenced by diet. I'm not saying I disagree with the immune system thing, I've heard that before and it sounds interesting but I don't know enough about it. But as for actual smell, I'm surprised* people jumped to racial differences before, you know, diet being a big factor which varies between culture.

One time during my teenage years I went for a good long while without any dairy in my diet. After going back to dairy I noticed my clothes did have a noticeable sort of dairy-ish smell to them. Apparently that's a very distinctive part of how those with a typical Western diet smell to those from places where they eat little to no dairy.

Edit: *You know what, this is Reddit, maybe I'm not so surprised after all :( 




 Whaaa I'd love one if there are any left :D I'll pm you my address 




 Such a cool thing to wake up to. I love the glittery flag stickers :p
Thanks a bunch, this is the first thing I received through this sub and it certainly got my day off to a lovely start. The fact was interesting too; I didn't realise that about the flag!

Thanks :)

P.S. That little Reddit snoo stamp on the envelope is adorbs 




 Eat the spaghetti to forgetti your regretti 




 This happened close to where I'm from in England, it's a really uncomfortable and sad part of our local history...

Edit: the fact that he would have been just a month younger than me had he lived makes me feel so weird too 




 I'll happily send a postcard from Scotland if you PM the address :) 




 I'd love one please! I'll PM you :) 




 So sorry to hear that, I'll happily send you guys a card :) I'll PM you now 




 Thanks, PM'd you :) 




 I'd love one over here in Scotland, shall I PM the address? 




 I'll happily send you a card from Scotland if you PM the address :) 




 Hi there! I'd love to send a card, just PM the address :) 




 Thank. Doot. 




 My first thought was squished raisin... 




 I can find a similar ish one in the UK that's not too pricey for all my fellow Brits http://www.amazon.co.uk/Daiso-Japan-Natural-Pack-Charcoal/dp/B00O7TPOIS/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8qid=1433861281sr=8-1keywords=charcoal+peel+mask

We should totes all order them and report back with results :p 




 Male or female, inside we are all skeltals. Doot doot 




 Thank you so much 




 Ah right, I've been started off with 20mg, perhaps that's partly why I'm having such a hard time with it. I can't remember how much I started out on last time. 




 That's reassuring to hear. Like I say, last time I had no issues with it, it's just the nature of the side effects I've had this time that concern me. I'm in the middle of taking driving lessons but have cancelled this week to be on the safe side (dizzy fit behind the wheel doesn't sound like it'd be fun) and I'm thinking maybe I might throw in a run or bit more exercise into my day to help cope with the restlessness and hopefully avoid it mounting to another panic attack. 
If you don't mind my asking, how long have you been using it and what dosage? 




 Sorry to hear you've been having a tough time lately, I'd totes love to send a card, just PM your address :) 




 Hi there, I'd love to send a card if you PM me the address :) 




 That's great, I bet she's so grateful to have your support :)
I'll maybe mention it [the capsule thing] to my GP at my follow up on the 14th 




 Thanks! That thread looks really helpful :D Glad your SO had good experiences with it. That's really weird about the capsule, I'd never heard of them causing problems. 




 A million times this 




 I'd just like to point out that it is actually made very clear throughout FPH that they are not trying to motivate fat people into losing weight. They are simply a space where people go to discuss their dislike of overweight people. 




 I too have trouble believing that this is a real teacher. I am pretty much convinced that a lot of online hate speech is just 'venting' or whatever. At least I hope so.  




 You know you shouldn't, silly. That sounds like bliss, glad you could find your own niche in the week for pure 'you' time :) 




 Aww well that's a lovely response :-) you have a smashing day now 




 To be fair though, it's a decent enough point. As someone who loves reading this page but who feels like a complete outsider to the LGBT+ community I kind of wish more of these fun stereotypes applied to me so I could actually feel comfortable with my queerness and not like some complete outlier freak :3 




 Hey I know this one, it's on a really good street for second hand book stores and quite close to where I lived last year :3 




 I'm glad this worried someone else too :p 




 Oh my goodness this made me smile so much :3 You adorable thing, you 




 To be fair I think it's important to remember that she wasn't doing it as a scientific study. She was just a primary(elementary?) school teacher wanting to make point. 




 Hey there, I'll happily send you a card if you PM your address. I'm also in Scotland so maybe my stuff won't be the most exotic to you but aw well :p 




 Christ, he just keeps playing throughout it as well... 




 Hey I'd be super happy to send you something :) Not from anywhere exotic I'm afraid, just Scotland :p PM your address 




 I'd love to send her a card from Scotland :) PM me your address and I'll see what I can do 




 If you order prints/posters from him he also adds little bits of cut up felt and string and rubber bands. He's a special kind of chap and we must all treasure him :3 




 I dunno, I mean it sounds made up. But then she added that bit about how you can't make this stuff up. So... 




 I feel like lately all my bi-girl celebrity crushes are finally coming true, IT'S HAPPENING YOU GUYS :D 




 Hey my name is Catherine and my mum very nearly named me Ruth...but I digress.

Man this is so sad. I mean psychics are literally profiting off the suffering of vulnerable people by lying to them, it's pretty heartbreaking... 




 He hasn't even seen  the new film! Plus, judging from his description of it as being quintessentially 'American' he hasn't seen the original film either. Oh dear.

Edit: a letter 




 If you ask for whisky with something (i.e. as a mixer) I usually find you tend to get something fairly everyday such as a blend like Famous Grouse or whatever, or something like JD (so ofc regular bars serve non-Scottish whisky) which is pretty fair enough. If you want a specific whisky you usually ask for it by name e.g. "a single of Highland Park" or whatevs. I feel like in most places in Scotland with a reasonable selection of whisky, whether or not it was all from Scotland, specifying a "Scottish whisky" would sound kind of redundant, maybe I'd say it if I were asking for a recommendation or something from the very large category of Scottish whiskies. I dunno. I'm waffling.

Disclaimer: am English but have spent most of my drinking years up north slowly drinking away my dreams to the brutal sounding of bagpipes... 




 I've only ever heard Americans refer to (Scottish) whisky as 'Scotch'. Here in Scotland I usually see it just called 'whisky'. 




 I'm sorry, we are you talking? 




 This is so nice, OP. I will definitely be stealing this idea for a project of my own some time :p 




 I like how he casually insults and shames all guys who don't conform to a certain set of masculine traits...
And for the record, there is no 'wrong' way to be a man, and despite what some toxic elements of Reddit might tell you, all women aren't exclusively attracted to hulking 'douchebags'**. Go out there and live your lives!
throws confetti :D

Sorry for uncalled for soap-boxing, I just have a lot of feels :3

 

** ^^it's ^^also ^^not ^^ok ^^to ^^call ^^guys ^^'douchebags' ^^just ^^because ^^they ^^are ^^more ^^'manly'/muscular/frat-bro-y ^^than ^^you 




 "This is a GAME...played by CHILDREN"

Tell us more about the article, OP :p 




 I'm guessing it's a fainting goat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we9_CdNPuJg

Edit: doesn't mention it in the video but I believe the purpose of this breed is that they would be put in the herd with other more valuable goats. Should a predator come along and chase the herd, the fainting goats are likely to fall down and get caught first, while the others escape 




 Have some more, because his stuff is delightful https://www.facebook.com/TheSimpsonsArt 




 Seriously X-Files is the perfect show for me simply because even on the very rare occasion that it's a not-so-great episode I'm too busy crushing on Fox and Dana in hardcore mode to mind :3 




 If real then this is what makes me the most sad about it. The ultimate "son I am disappoint", there's no way she doesn't know 




 Came to the comments to make sure someone gave proper credit. Now I want to rewatch Spaced so badly... 




 It depends what you're using it for. You'd use it behind the leg or on the shoulder in different situations, e.g. to encourage movement in a particular direction, or a transition etc. 




 /r/noisygifs  




 Ahaha, love it. What could possibly go wrong! :p 




 Aye, there's a lot of wounded peeps out there. Best you can do is just be patient with everyone you meet I guess.
Though I am encouraged by the fact that for many this kind of thinking/feeling does seem to just be a phase. It's the lifers who are perpetually bitter or angry or scared that I feel most badly for :( 




 I mean...I'm not advocating unnecessary squeezing but as a frequent browser there I think this post would still be welcome, with probably a bit of advice against the perils of trigger-happy squeezing and how sebaceous filaments =/= black heads in the comments

Edit: why is this even something we need to debate? Does it really matter? You're not meant to pop blisters but people post them on /r/popping all the time 




 True but they're not fussy over there; pimples, tonsil stones, ingrown hairs... anything being extracted in a satisfying way is kosher 




 I want to give them all hugs (or maybe not physical hugs...figurative ones maybe safer...) and tell them it's all ok. Maybe let them rant it all out of their systems or something. These guys are hurting and that's ok. Choosing to follow a path of bitterness and hate in response to that,however, is not...

Edit: I spoke a little early: most of these are just the complaints of man children but hey, my general point still stands for a few of them 




 Seriously, that is just so incredibly heroic. I almost teared up a little reading about it.

And what the hell do I have to show for my life so far? :-\ 




 Christ these people are broken :-/ I just wonder what sort of life they must have had to reach this level of paranoia and detachment from reality. I truly think there should be some effort to offer 'deprogramming' for trpers. Like for people who leave cults... 




 Harold too thanks 




 Aw man, reminds me so much of this classic https://i2.wp.com/paranormal-association.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Ghost-100-fam-c.jpg

Creeps me out every time 




 Very recently on a well known... 'self-improvement' sub that talks a lot about women, words to the effect of:

"tampons come in different sizes because different women have different sized vaginas"

It was heavily upvoted.

Close, but no cigar... 




 Oh man, my teenage years were a mess with all the lady teacher crushing I did. It was so pathetic :p 




