 Also, as a person who lives with depression, anxiety, and is a recovering alcoholic,  you are not obligated to talk to your family about these things, but i think it is important to let them know you need help. Leap and the net will appear. 




 I hear you. More than you know. I understand this deeply, from experience.
this is what we call a geographic change. Changing your environment or surroundings as a solution to a problem. 
Depression has a lot of factors, and I think it can be tricky.
Personally, I would love to tell you to go for it, but I know from my own experience, changing my environment didn't change my mindset, my thinking process, my depression or anxiety. 
Fresh starts are so appealing. Whatever decision you make, I support it. I support seeking happiness, just think it through. 




 What do you mean? More school, less work?
Working out more than I do?
There are so many factors. 




 I'm 23. I stopped taking my meds because they were making me aggressive and I started suffering from dizzy spells. I feel better now that I'm off, not AS anxious. They worked for me until I grew out of them I guess.
I don't know. I think a lot of it is not being as active as I should in AA and the fellowship right now. I've done the steps, I've tried sponsoring, it's just being a young person in AA, it can be hard to find groups of people who take it seriously. 
I'm just so tired of feeling this way.  




 I'll be the millionth AA/NA person to say how fucked up that is.
Also, I've done that. 




 Ok more pls 




 Does anyone else get that fucked up feeling like your back is exposed? Like there is something there? Fuck me, man. ALL THE BLANKETS 




 Why even go there? 




 I hate that guy. So much. 




 I can't handle this 




 Oh man my brain can't handle this 




 Thank you! And yes, I've tried many, in therapy, rehabs, dual diagnosis facilities, all of em.
I was the only thing stopping me from being happy. 




 I literally just posted something similar, and I'm beyond happy to see someone else feeling this too!  




 How about we stop the suicide train?  




 Yeah it was in good way!
Better, just consistently sad in the back of my mind. Same old. You? 




 Hahahaha I'm a chick,
But yeah, I feel. I just don't know what to do with feelingswhen I feel them. 




 Thank you!! 




