 We've only found 2 but it's not like we go to goodwill every week, not even every month. Sometimes you'll freak out and then realize it's just an inscription from a grandma or something  




 When I see the other person checking every hardcover in the store I'll know it's you  




 Hahhahahha. Also works with trivial pursuit. Every damm goodwill.  









 Hey, bud. I had a similar experience where I was someone (an ex that things should not have ended but they did) I had zero contact with for a year after things ended. I was in a relationship, but the interaction alone made me question everything in my life, left me unable to stop crying for days, and gave me my first real suicidal thoughts. It's been a few weeks though, and I came out on the other side. I don't really have any advice (other than to keep talking it out) but I just wanted to let you know to keep breathing and you'll make it out too, eventually. Your mind will focus on some other worry and it'll pass. Here if you need anything  




 You're neat. I like you.  




 Ah gotcha. What I do sometimes when I'm really bad is make myself a self care checklist. So everyday I have to brush my teeth, get dressed, eat a healthy breakfast lunch dinner, do 30 minutes of any kind of body movement a day, and check to make sure my environment is cleanish. That way no matter how bad my day is, I still accomplished those (positive) things. 

 




 Can't say I didn't think it haha  




 hey! welcome. i did the same thing sort of i went to a pediatrician for really bad tension in my neck and joints that i knew was caused by depression. when she suggested i do yoga, my mom took me to a psych. 

anyway, ive had a few stints in therapy since then, and some have been great. definitely look into SOME kind of help, theres no reason you need to be suffering (at least not without trying something)
 




 Is there any way you can get set up with a vocational rehab counselor? like at your county's visual impairment center? they might have information and guidance about this stuff  




 hey man, sorry to hear everything is so shitty for you. its shitty on my end too. have you ever considered/tried going to therapy? just asking because it wasnt listed on your post and it may be something else that you can try to turn this doom around 

here if you need to talk! 




 yes yes yes yes even up to like very recent decisions where im like YEAH THIS WILL BE GR8 and then a week later im like fuck me  




 ugh i know youre right. im just so confused like we had 3.5 sessions that were going great why bother do this???? it literally broke all of my trust for her. im so gd sensitive to begin with  




 for the love of christmas christ. im resentful about everything lmao so youre right i definitely would. i have this week to grow some balls and figure out what the hell to say  




 jesus. that must be exhausting starting and ending with new ones like that. necessary, obviously. just exhausting. hope it turns around for you. ill speak up with this one   




  i love writing and do it frequently. now im wishing i wrote as soon as i got home from it. thanks for the suggestion 




 ah thanks, im conflicted cause apart from this incident i really liked her. i think i need to be more assertive in letting her know how i feel 




 not a psychiatrist though. but thanks for the reassurance, im going to try to explain to her how im feeling next time, but honestly probably wont confront her about what she said--unless im feeling brave in the moment  




 Check out r/glitch_in_the_matrix. They'll appreciate this  




 giggled at Ty(ler) Pennington. anyway, this is beautiful. 




 hey! so it sounds like youre having cyclic thoughts, i get these too. something that has helped me (i had ones regarding death too) is everytime you realize you have these thoughts, acknowledge it. you can consciously then change the subject, and acknowledge that youre "just worrying" your brain is allowed to wander, its what it does, and recognizing that youre doing it without pulling your emotions into is helpful. hope something in this ramble helps.    




 I once heard "it's okay to grieve the time you lost to your mental illness" 

I hope this helps 




 I am so successful, and I am also severely depressed. Comparisons with depression are useless, because everyone's is so different. Your feelings are valid! 




 The amish 




 You've put into words, thank you.  




 Hey, I'm proud of you. You need this. Sending good vibes. 




 ditto. saw them at bamboozle and then went to college and found out they were the high school band of some girl on my floor  




 holy shit, yeah. winter was always bad but i am so sick of hearing people talk about winter seasonal depression. the summer is also worse for me than the fall/spring tends to be.  




 wow. this hit me.  




 alright in that case id google non profit legal aid/organizations in your area. i saw an attorney this past winter due to no heat in my apt and they laid everything out on the table--all the options, consequences, etc.  




 I would love this too 




 By any chance is she a student?  




 Please don't ever let the power go to your head. The worst I've seen in law enforcement were guys and gals on some sort of sick power trip because of they're position  









 Ran into an ex person after almost a year of no contact. It was unexpected. We made eye contact and then just kind of stared at each other. The customer who he was helping was just looking back and forth at us  




 go. personally, seeing all their social media about the trip while youre stuck working would drive me nuts 




 underarmour tysm  




