 I'm at college, linguistics major. I'm also working part-time in a medical laboratory :) 




 Another question from me - I wanted to watch the Fate/Stay Night series a while ago, but to be honest, I'm hella confused which is the correct order to watch them, which series are alternatives or remakes... can anyone break it down for me? 




 Oh man. I just watched the first ep, and what can I say, I love you I guess. JUST what I love right there. Can't wait to watch more, thanks a LOT! :) 




 So, I'm still searching for a new anime to watch.

My favourite anime are Jigoku Shoujo, Shigofumi and Shinigami no Ballad, so you could say my preferences in anime are quite clear, lol. Does anyone now of another anime going in this direction? (Supernatural, dealing with afterlife and how people see it, drama-esque). 

Would be glad if someone knew anything!  




 It affects your starting stats. Also, the lords in the game will appreciate you more if you choose to go for the "Noble" background, which makes it easier to get land etc. (the same applies when you choose to play a male character instead of a female) 




 I have similar experiences. I have often HUGE problems falling asleep and lying around waiting until my body decides it's ok now to fall asleep is just super annoying and exhausting for me. I'll mostly procrastinate at the PC too - "let's just check reddit" "let's just answer this mail", "let's just play quick round of civ V" - and then i realize i have about 2-3 hours left until i need to get up for work.  




 /r/shurima  




 Studies don't show everything. The people I've experienced - NONE of them would show up in a study because no one got violent to a degree that would be seen as significant enough to be noticed. They didn't go and shoot up their school (which might be correlated to me being not from the US and therefore VERY limited availability of weapons) - they got in trouble for arguments and brawls, for skipping school, broke up with their SO's which claimed they became emotionally blunted, they isolated from friends. Nothing of these points influenced these studies from what I get of the articles - and ofc not everyone who plays shooters gets CRIMINAL. I never stated that. And that's why I said those studies do not say that much - because they leave out the huge aspect of those people who change, but do not end up commiting actual crimes.  




 I like Consort better than Janitor, but i think that is personal taste to a certain degree.

The point is, that with the ranked role list it is pretty easy to claim things anyway, since there is an any and all town roles are random - from my experience, it's pretty rare in ranked that someone gets caught out because his role does not fit with the list and the graveyard. In classic Janitor would be pretty good indeed, but there he himself ain't on the list.
Additionally, not only Medium, but also spy can screw Janitor over, since he will know too when you tell your maf mates what the cleaned person was, and might call you out if you claim that exact role. Forgot to mention that in original post.  




 The Birthday Massacre - Leaving tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDTp4GiiZdY
 




 I have had a good friend in school, who changed A LOT in personality when he picked up these kind of games at the age of ~ 14. He isolated himself from others, started hating around, joined a "shooting club" (i dont know the englsih word for this) and started talking about killing people frequently, etc. My boyfriend's brother had the exact same development, along with some other people I know who were not that extreme, but still showed a change in personality. I refuse to believe that this all is a huge coincidence.   




 There are also "proofs" that vaccination causes autism. If you search long enough, you will find a way to present your point "scientifically" - but that does not change my personal experience that people become more violent, less empathic when they play these games.  




 I actually DO think that playing ego-shooters increases your willingness to use violence and causes emotional blunting. 

edit: gettin' downvoted on an unpopular opinion thread, i did it reddit! ppl playing shooters are mad as fuck.  




 you havent played TES daggerfall have you?  




 First of all, Disguiser. It's fairly common to write your name in your will, which immediately will get you lynched. Even if that does not kill you, the usage of this role is very limited - ofc it can be great if you manage to disguise as a confirmed town etc., but thats very rare and most of the time you're basically a waste of a maf spot.

Janitor: Can be good, but is also very situational since in like 80% of cases you get a townie anyway, and if there's a medium still ingame, it counters out a janitor fully. Better than Disguiser, still a little underwhelming i think.

Framer: As some others mentioned, only useful if it is unclear if there's a Framer in game or not. In that case, a pretty good role I think 

Sheriff: Just inferior to the investigator, since you can not find GF, untransformed WW or Witch and are likely to be called out Exe if you claim to be Sheriff (because tbh, thats like the most common Exe strategy ever)

Survivor: Not underwhelming in power, but I think this is a really boring role concept. write "im surv dont kill" in chat day 1, vest up night 1, afk and win. I think this role could be a lot more interesting if it got a rework or something similiar. 

witch: until you have found a killing role/ mafia to team up with, you are most likely already dead. even teaming up does not save you from getting killed randomly at night, and you have no chance of winning anymore if you are dead. meh.  




 on r/relationships there was a guy who had his gf's father staying in his house and heard strange noises at night, leading him to believe his gf was sleeping with her father.

he said he would check the room next time - and never was seen again.

https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/2bem8p/i_26m_think_my_girl_friend_21f_is_sleeping_with/ 




 I hope I'm not too late...?
 




 But if he was completly incapable of communicating, why did he admit to it? Why didn't he stick with it? I'll tell you why - because not everything people do is part of a well-thought, dirty plan. I don't believe he actively thought "Eh, i need to SABOTAGE THIS DIET". He was just unsure what to do, and decided for the wrong way. I heard that happens to most people sometimes, and I also heard most people are not in therapy.  




 He offered to cook dinner. Answer: No thanks, I'll make my own.
He brought donuts: Answer: No thanks, I'm not hungry.

Where exactly did you disprove my point? 




