 I have the same feelings ,I don't see myself dating a cis person anymore because I got so much shit from them that it's hard for me to believe they really understand I'm a guy and aren't just saying what they think I want to hear to have their way. 

Doesn't help that I'm a FtM attracted mostly to guys and the worst thing would be them seeing me "as a girl with a weird fad" ( two of my exes did,I only knew after ending the relationship.)

Then,if you and the cis person really match,it might not be the best to pass on the opportunity of a great relationship ! It's a case by case thing,I guess.  




 Here is mine : 
http://vocaroo.com/i/s0hJc6tVQDjx 
I've been working on it for a while now so this became a pretty natural voice to me but I don't think I sound like a guy at all,more like a "low voice for a girl",ugh. 
Any advice appreciated ! :) 




 I made one one day. 10 pages long and never have worded things so well in my life.
But basically it's me explaining my reasons for such an act,that I noone is responsible but myself with a large spoon of " don't fuck up what you have and don't spit on it you could have ended up like me". And a bit of a love letter.  




 Well,I'm attracted by people who are somewhat in the middle of the gender spectrum, usually. 

I identify as male but I like to present either gender or a mix of the two,just because clothing and make-up is way too fun to limit myself. 
 




 This is exactly what I do,but with clothing.
Gives me a reason to live for another 5 to 10 business days depending on the website,ha ! 




 It happened to me a few times,was hanging out with friends and felt like I didn't belong here,their happiness made me sadder than I usually am, so I left.  




 Thank you for your help ! 

I think I'm going to tell friend 2 that I don't see how I could be friends with someone who uses my identity as laughing stock,I might come back on my decision if he offers me a sincere apology but I don't think he will. :/ 

I get questions often actually,and I really don't mind them when people ask me in a respectful way ! I've found it easier for people to understand after explaining the hows and whys of the matter.
But this friend really asks in a "let's see what he/she ( depends if he decided to respect my pronoms that day ) has to answer so I can see if it's bullshit for attention/eventually get a good laugh out of it and provide my peeps with some good gossip"  

 




