 When I was younger suicide was honestly always a thought in the back of my mind. I thought it was normal because nobody really talked about it. IT literally never even crossed my mind that that was a big deal. I only acted on it a couple of times by self harming and taking some pills, but I always stopped myself before it went too far. My mom struggled with depression her whole life as well, but she always told me that she never had suicidal thoughts in her entire life. It was a weird realization that suicidal thoughts weren't a part of other people's everyday bad moods like they were for mine. I don't know that I'll ever act on them because I do still have hope for my future, but when I think about my past those suicidal thoughts are worse.

Anyway, you're definitely not alone, but it also isn't normal to feel that way. You should reach out and try to get help. Talk it out with a professional--your friends probably want to help, and you should recognize that, but don't let them be your only resource for help because being a teenager in general is a shitshow, regardless of whether suicidal thoughts are present, and they probably won't have anything super helpful to say. Don't be ashamed that this is the way you are, but my personal opinion is that it's not something you should be blase about. Suicidal thoughts are things that you should express to people you trust and feel you can confide in, but when it comes down to it you are the only person who can deal with them. Other people can support you, but it's up to you to make a difference for yourself. I wish you luck, and if you want to talk about what you're experiencing please feel free to reach out. Also /r/depression is a great place to vent to other people who are living with these feelings, like you. 




 That shit pisses me off though, because then they act like it's your fault for dating an asshole. They think that because they said they were an asshole in the beginning of the relationship--"I'm a shit boyfriend, I'm an asshole, don't bother with me"--they're not responsible for their actions and put on this whole "I told you so" attitude when things end. I hate people who can't take responsibility for themselves. 



















 My only problems with Temple are the lack of police presence (they've increased the presence but honestly it seems like the guards hardly give a shit about looking out for people), and the fact that a lot of people at Temple don't seem to give a shit. For example, group projects at Temple are the bane of my existence (I transferred schools twice so I know from experience that at some other schools people actually care about how they do in school). Literally every group project I had this past year involved people just not responding to emails, texts, etc., about meeting and working together. But those issues are really only super bad in intro level classes, because by the time you get to actual classes, people have started to care about doing well. And they stop showing up to class in pajamas and playing on their phones the whole time.  




 Apparently "bae" means "poop" in Danish. So if you imagine everyone calling their significant others "poop" it's kinda bearable/funny  




 I do like the Kurt Cobain look, but I have to admit, seeing him as old-timey Kit Walker made me swooooon.  




 Was that poncho from Limited Too? Because I am almost certain I had the same one. 




 "All my friends will understand" is what it sounded like to me. It seems like he was just saying an inside joke onstage.  




 I actually recently found this [website](http://www.ewg.org/) that has a lot of educational material and guides for consumers where they rate household products based on whether they're safe to use or not. It's an amazing resource. 




 I used to work in sales, and I became a completely different person when I had to work. It was exhausting. I told myself I'd never do a job like that again when I quit. 




 Love to both of you guys. My mom just passed away about three weeks ago. She was way too young and had been battling it for 18 years. I'm 21, so my whole life as long as I can remember, nothing was ever normal. Cancer really, really sucks. I wish the public was more educated about the carcinogens they unknowingly put into and onto their bodies every day. It's scary. I wouldn't wish it on anyone. 




 I like the part at the beginning where the guy filming burps. That really set up the rest of it quite beautifully 




 I also worked in a health grocery store (and judging by the way you talk about certain things/how you describe the store as being set up I'm just going out on a limb in assuming we worked at the same one) and one woman came in once complaining about our store's gluten free selection. Now, I'm gluten free for health reasons (I have Celiac disease), so I definitely understand that and wanted to help her out in any way I could. But it turns out she wasn't just having trouble finding gluten free food, she was OUTRAGED that we offered anything with gluten in it. She said our store was hypocritical for calling ourselves a health food store when we still offered many items with gluten in them. I was just like, we can't change our entire store just for people who don't eat gluten. We would lose SO much business! She told me that I was helping people poison themselves... Okay. 




 Absolutely. Learn the phrase "senza glutine" and most people will be willing to help accommodate your needs! Apparently there are a lot of cases of CD in Italy so there are lots of GF-friendly restaurants if you ask around! 




 Mama Eat was amazing! I recommend the pizza--I don't think I'll ever have a gluten free pizza quite as good as theirs! 




 Harry Potter and Snape, Secret BFFLs 




 My friend. Read the first rule. 




 Like I said, stylistic choice. It's just my opinion... 




 I think this is more of a stylistic choice, it doesn't necessarily make it shitty (to me, at least).  




 And for using the word "tray-zee poo." 




 If your blood work comes back looking like you might have CD, they're probably going to give you an endoscopy to take a biopsy of your intestines. In that case, they will want you to continue eating gluten until then so they can see what your intestines look like on your current, normal, gluteny diet. I guess you'd have to wait until the blood work comes back to know what your doctor's suggested next steps are but unless your doctor instructs you to do otherwise, you should probably just continue with your normal diet. It almost definitely wouldn't make an immediate difference if you did go gluten free for a day anyway. 

But in the meantime, keep a food journal! I'm sure it would help you figure out what symptoms follow what types of food you eat. 

I hope you find out what the issue is soon! Good luck! 




 Miss for young women, ma'am for older women (I know that line is blurred--I've pissed some people off by calling them ma'am and I've made others' days by calling them miss). Never, ever call a woman "lady." Maybe it's just me, but it feels disrespectful and derogatory coming out of people's mouths today--like, "Hey, lady!!" Sounds like you're trying to yell at a woman for something. 

Anyway, as lots of people in this thread have already said, just "excuse me" would do just fine. But it seems like it really depends where you're from, too.  




 I personally found it laugh-out-loud funny, plus it's a super easy read. Most people could finish it in a day or two if they wanted to. I'd say it's worth it! 




 OH SHI DER GAR SAR. SAR CAREFUL. SAR CAREFUL. SAR CAREFUL. CAREFUL SARAH.  




 Ha, I dyed my mom's hair blue before she lost it, too. She had this gorgeous, super long silver hair that she took really good care of, so when she found out she was going to lose it she decided to just say "fuck it" and do what I was doing with my hair, too. She was so scared at first but she absolutely loved it! 




 This is mind boggling to me. On this note, though, one of my childhood friends had never had a hamburger until she came to my house when she was like 10. I still don't understand how that's even possible. 




