 Long story short, we did prescription drugs in her house. She confessed to her mother and now we can't hangout. What should I do? Should I apologize to her mother? 




 It makes you feel numbish... We just wanted to feel numb. It sounds stupid but, if you knew our emotional states, it would make sense to you. 




 One of us took 100, I took 150, my friend took 150. We all feel sick. I take 100 a day normally, and my friend that took 150 normally takes 75. Are we going to be okay? 




 [Remorse]: If you feel bad 

I hate my mother. I hate the way she walks, talks, etc. I hate the way she constantly picks on me when I have friends around. I hate the fact that she always talks about me and my sister as if I'm, less than. "Oh, well, at least I've got another one." I hate the way the house has NO pictures of me. I hate the way she makes me run around like a slave for her. I hate the fact that she left for 11 fucking years and expected to just have a fine relationship with me afterwards, and I hate my mother.
 




 the girl just kept yelling "everyone hates you!" the entire time... I just... I feel so alone. My depression keeps getting worse. 




 I feel like a fucking failure. 




 Ex-boyfriend and current best friend. He has depression just as bad as mine and tried to kill himself. When he came back, he put us on a "break". Everything got so overwhelming without him and I tried to take my own life (not just because of him, I have a lot going on without him even around) then, he tried because he thought I was dead... He told everyone "If she kills herself, I'll kill myself, cause I don't wanna live in a world without her". It's all my fault, basically. 




 I already *had* the best time of my life, and now he's gone, it's said and done. I tried to kill myself (and failed, obviously) just to escape the inevitable downward spiral. Now, I'm just a girl with "psychotic depression" and an extremely pessimistic attitude. The pils? Make me feel like a zombie. I'm empty inside and I just want to die. 




 I'm 13. I have to say, being in there *sucked*. I learned a little, and gained a lot of fear of ever having to return. I was admitted after trying to slit my wrists due to severe depression and stress after my bestfriend/boyfriend tried to kill himself, only to come back and put us on a "break", my mom hating me, grades dropping, etc. I was officially diagnosed with psychotic depression. The doctors gave me abilify, zoloft, and trazodone for sleep. 

My question is, where do I go from here? I've kind of decided that bestfriend/boyfriend is a trigger for me, but I don't know what to do about it, since we're so close. I also just want to make changes, become a *new* and improved me. 




