 Judging by the state of the bathrooms at the bars here, I'd say not. Also, who has a Sharpie on them at the bar?? 




 That damn Miracle of Life video they showed in 9th grade sex ed? I remember that. I also wondered for a long time how they got that shot. 




 When someone comments in /r/cringepics or /r/creepyPMs that something is fake. Who gives a fuck? No one has any way of knowing. Yes, people CAN be that cringy. If it made people cringe/laugh/feel uncomfortable, then whatever. 




 Are you related to /u/MesVonOtto?

https://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/3drenk/all_i_can_think_about_is_how_that_barb_would_feel/ct7x32w 




 I like how you add the "comparatively" in there. No climbing shoes are comfortable. 




 I used to play Diner Dash when I was bored working as a server. 




 How is this hurtful to self-esteem? If I was a male, I'd think higher of a woman who took such precautions regarding her safety. 




 I've been with current bf for 7 months (ish?) and just yesterday changed my status to "in a relationship". Why do people care so much about what's on Facebook? 




 RemindMe! 5 hours "Find update" 




 Unless you own a 22. Can't find ammo anywhere. 




 Three days ago, I paid $5 for 20 Lortab pills and $75 for 15 antibiotic pills. None of this makes any sense. 




 We have a fence like this for the horses. You can hear when the pulse gets sent through. And it's really not that bad. Maybe 3-4 times as strong as licking a 9-volt. I imagine you can change the strength though. Our horses don't try to walk through the fence, so they don't need much. 




 I came here to say migraines. I can't imagine there being worse pain than that. My migraines have made me want to shoot myself just for relief from the pain.

How do they know if an attack is a migraine or a cluster headache? 




 Every single one of these posts says that fph harassed people off-site. WHERE IS THE FUCKING PROOF??

Edit: downvote me all you want, but that still doesn't prove anything. 




 Drunk one night, I dropped my phone in water. Figured it was fine. Plugged it into the charger and went to sleep. Woke up the next day and it wouldn't turn on. Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck. Bf says put it in rice. I don't have rice. Go to store. Now I have rice. Put phone in bag of rice. Four hours later, still no change. Convinced phone is dead. Start looking at getting a replacement from Apple ($300). Leave phone in rice overnight, hoping for a miracle. Next morning, have lost all hope, check phone. Screen lights up. "Charge me!" it cries. Plug into charger. Phone turns on. Works perfectly. We rejoice together as I check my neglected Snapchats. 




 I think this too. Especially if I post a lot of comments in a short amount of time.

Am I annoying anyone? I'm sorry :( 




 Me too! People on the phone can never figure out what I'm saying, and I have a very common name, but one that has subtly different pronunciations. I just mumble it, I think because I'm not sure how I want to pronounce it. 




 Maybe he stood up to straighten the top of his desk, then was sitting to straighten the rest? 




 I'm 26. I teach 3rd and 4th graders computer science. I explained to them one day about what it was like to get on the internet when I was a kid. I found a clip of the dial-up tone and played it for them. It was hilarious. They were blown away by the idea of not being able to be online and talking on the phone at the same time. That whole experience made me feel very old. 




 I have a new couch and shelves coming next week and I'm super excited about that. 




 /r/reallifedoodles needs to do something with this. 




 I'm introverted enough that my friends have gotten used to me saying "I'd love to, but I'm going to stay in and not deal with people today." 




 For example: It's a gorgeous sunrise. The sunlight is shining through tree branches and illuminating streaks of light through the morning fog. I snap a picture to capture it, and end up with a photo of... a nondescript tree with some light behind it. Why doesn't the camera capture the image like I'm seeing it? 




 Blinds only do so much, unless you get the ones that are made to block out the light. 




 How do they do in the daylight, and do you have a link? I need some black-out curtains and could only find decent ones around $50 or more. 




 Found the graphic designer. 




  will be continuing the work Ellen started to drive this forward.

I am assuming this means that whole "safe space" bullshit that started all the recent drama. Lovely. Looks like I'll have even more disappointment to look forward to as the site allows a place for racists, but not one for people who dislike an unhealthy lifestyle. 




 To all those saying the house is shit (read to the end):

Propelling a piece of straw at a palm tree at a distance of 50cm at 320mph (the world record for recorded wind speed at ground level), the straw only managed to penetrate the tree a quarter of an inch. Even firing at the tree while it was bent (to increase the size of the pores in the surface of the tree) at point blank range added no additional distance into the tree. A piece of reed was tested as the sturdiest organic object that might be mistaken for a piece of straw. At both ranges, the reed only managed to go about two inches into the tree. Additionally, Jamie tried a piece of piano wire, and at 50 cm, it flew not only through the tree but through a sheet of plywood on the wall behind it, partially embedding itself into the cement wall.

Sauce: [Mythbusters](http://mythbustersresults.com/episode61) 




 Add this to the list for Mythbusters: Reddit Edition. 




 Depends on where you live I think. I understand the need for sunny days and rainy days, and seasons. But 5ºF and 30mph winds I could definitely do without. 




 Nothing is better than a cold shower after a nice run or bike ride on a hot day. 




 Getting a tattoo. I always get way too worked up beforehand, and then it's really not too awful. 




 I eat Taco Bell at least once a week. Back when I was 18 and could eat all day long without gaining a pound, I ate Taco Bell nearly every day. Never have I had any intestinal or poop problems as a result. 




 You must have been asleep for yours. I was wide awake, not even laughing gas, and it was the worst experience of my life. 




 [Apparently, too much can make you not want it anymore. This is a shitty article from not a reputable source though.](http://www.askmen.com/dating/love_tip_100/145_love_tip.html) 




 I had a good one for "[What do you add to your ramen noodles?](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2tyv8g/what_do_you_add_to_your_ramen_noodles/)", about 5 months ago.


Make the noodles, strain out most of the water. Then stir in about half of the seasoning packet and toss it with a bunch of lemon pepper. Set it aside.

Cook a can of cream of chicken soup. Ladle the soup over the noodles to your preferred level of soupiness.

Enjoy.

The whole thing costs like a dollar, and takes 15 minutes tops. And it's so delicious." 




 I know we've all had questions where we have a really good a answer, but the thread is 16 hours old and no one is looking at the "new" comments anymore. For what question did this happen for you, and what was your answer? 




 "Fairy tales are more than true. Not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten."

-Neil Gaiman 




 And give it back when the owner needs it back.

I had a friend borrow my motorcycle helmet for his girlfriend while my bike was in the shop. I ended up getting the bike back earlier than anticipated, called up my friend to ask for my helmet back and his response was "no, why do you need it back?" Motherfucker, it's mine. I'll take it back anytime I want! 




 That first one made me nearly jump out of my skin. But then I laughed about it. Until the second one. Noped out of there after the fourth. 




 I like how you say "starring" and then list other roles the actors have played. 




 This would never happen at a VA DMV unfortunately. First, the 50s are letter C. Second, they don't put the extra zero at the front. No ticket fun for us on the east coast!!

Sauce: was at VA DMV last week, twice, for the same thing. Was given ticket numbers C53 and C59.

Also, you can make an appointment at your DMV?? I'm living in the wrong state. 




 This whole conversation made me laugh far more than it should have. Good job :) 




 Absolutely not. But I feel like using a fake name on a protest petition is like writing in Micky Mouse for your presidential election vote.

I actually don't know why I feel so strongly about this. 




 But that's not today's date...

One of us is very confused. 




 I just mentioned something about this on the /u/ekjp apology post. Reddit just loves fatties apparently. 




 Do you not own anything with the date on it? 




 That's as good as not signing. If a petition is to hold up legally, a legal person has to sign it. The signature count on change.org means nothing if a petition is to actually be upheld for anything. 




 I won't be happy with anything you say until you can provide concrete evidence to support the banning of the subs that you banned (yes, some of us are still immensely bitter). I noticed that /r/badfattynodonut is now banned even though they were blatantly strict about instabans for any and all harassing behavior.

Transparency is important when you shit on 150,000 users for what seems like (to those users) no reason. 




 I thought of the Doctor Who episode: The Curse of the Black Spot. 




 /u/kn0thing came to my school too. Giddy with the excitement of actually meeting one of my idols, I had him sign my copy of *Without Their Permission*. Then I actually got to have a drink at the bar, with him and others who went to the talk. I looked up to him. He's one of the main reasons I'm a startup owner now. This feels like a slap in the face from someone I used to idolize. 




 I've been a redditor for almost two years and have never once heard about this "self-promotion" policy. Sounds absurd. 




 He probably fake-gilded himself. Many of his comments are gilded, but downvoted to hell. 




 They have these in the grocery stores near me. For wine. It's nice. I'll drop a bottle in and then let it chill while I'm shopping. Perfect temperature to pop open on the drive home. 




 How would this scam even work? Would they have asked for all your information at some point? Seems like a huge effort for that. 




 This is why I own a gun. I'm a small female living alone. I can't imagine if anyone were ever to break in and all I had to defend myself were my weak punches. Thanks for sharing your story with us.

I am surprised there wasn't more hassle with the police. I always assumed that a situation like this would still result in court hearings and the like. Sounds like it was pretty cut and dry. 




 Some people just need a swift kick in the ass to help them see a better way to be. I'm happy that FPH could do that for you, and I'm happy you're caring more about your health! Go lurk FPH on Voat, and fph .io. Or shoot a PM to me or any other FPH person if you need someone telling you to stop being a fat piece of shit and to make healthier life choices. Then you can join us when you've become person-sized, and help motivate others like you.

Edit: I tagged you as "Fat guy needs encouragement", so if I see you somewhere on reddit months or a year from now (if I'm still here), I'm going to ask you about your progress. 




 Liars* 




 I have a question for you, with the goal of having an honest discussion between two people with opposing views.

 I believe hatred gets humanity nowhere.

I agree with this sentiment, but I want to know your thoughts on the obesity epidemic in the States and what it means for the future of humanity. Obviously FPH's goal was not to motivate people to lose weight, but there have been many personal accounts of individuals claiming that FPH was the final kick in the ass they needed to make better lifestyle choices. How do you respond to this?

What is your response to the Health At Any Size movement, and what would you suggest we do, as a society, to help combat rising obesity rates? 




 If you're going to mindlessly degrade someone, at least make an effort to proofread your post. Misspelling a four letter word makes your insult laughable.

Maybe your fat fingers can't hit the keys properly? 




 Thank you for being the only one so far to show how easy it is to fake web content in a screenshot. 




 Share the evidence with us. It's one thing to claim somenhing happened, but people will believe you if you can prove it. 




 They won't release any evidence of mods encouraging hatemail to Tess Munster (or anyone else), because there isn't any. I was a daily FPH reader and active poster, and never once saw any encouragement like that of any kind. As far as all of the accusations being made against FPH, I can't think of a single instance to support them. Yes, we're a community of assholes, but that doesn't stop being true when we're offline.

Unfortunately we seem to be in an age where people want to change the world if something hurts their feelings. What happened to people putting on their big boy pants and getting over it? Or considering that maybe they do have a problem that they could fix? We live in a world of adult-sized children. 




 It wasn't even that the mods at FPH didn't allow non-np links. It was that linking to ANY part of reddit at all was off-limits. Screenshots only, with all username and subreddit identifiers censored. Some submissions were removed due to the OP's username still being in the screenshot. The mod team was on top of that. 




 Am woman. According to this I'm a man. 




 # #HealthAtAnySize 









 This was reiterated in February of this year.

[“We will not ban questionable subreddits,” Reddit’s CEO, Yishan Wong, wrote in the aftermath of that catastrophe [The Fappening]. “You choose what to post. You choose what to read. You choose what kind of subreddit to create and what kind of rules you will enforce. We will try not to interfere — not because we don’t care, but because we care that you make your choices between right and wrong.”
That echoed Reddit’s official line on the Violentacrez scandal in 2012: “We stand for free speech. This means we are not going to ban distasteful subreddits.”](http://www.thestar.com/news/insight/2015/02/20/how-the-reddit-exodus-illustrates-the-state-of-free-speech-on-the-web.html) 




 No, actually, I didn't want to eat breakfast this morning. So fucking gross. 




 Congrats to you and your team on a great run! I hope I can work up to a hardcore 15 miles one day.

Fatties will never know that overwhelming, full-body, amazing feeling of having just finished an awesome run or workout, as well as the energy and motivation it gives you for the rest of the day. It's better than any food. Their loss. 




 Me either. Wrong thing to click on at 1 in the morning. 




 I used to ride competitively in high school (time trials), but haven't been on one in years. That might have to change soon haha. Plus, you can go much farther on a bike. Better scenery 15 miles out, than the few miles around town that I run. 




 What's the best adblocker for Safari? I've never had adblock. Just kinda... dealt with ads. 




 It's so awesome to not have to worry about weird skin irritations due to body parts touching when they aren't suppose to! 




 They do like to give me nasty looks when I jog past them though. Those nasty looks are better than the best pump-up song. 




 I don't have a bike! I should really invest in one. Much better on the joints. 




 You're one brave person. I'll go sub to /r/chrysler just to see if you make it through as a mod. Good luck! 




 Sorry for joining in the chaos and posting an inappropriate picture here. I'll take it down, if you guys haven't already. It's just that I've just lost my reddit home and don't know where to go :(

Thanks for the words of support though. It's really been astounding to see just how much support we're getting from the other subs, even the ones who didn't like FPH at all. Lots of respect to those who are making this purely about the censorship. 




