 what platform do you like? 




 What do you do? 









 When my grandma says "come" in normal conversation. And like that's a normal word to normal people so I have to hide my gag reflex.  




 I'm a writer/director working on a pilot that's going into principal photography in a few weeks. 

If you're in LA area, PM me, and I'll give your daughter an internship. It's for the 24, 25, and 26 of Oct and the 7, 8, and 9 or Nov. 

Nothing fancy, but you can get better information from my *actual* producers than just some random redditors, especially on r/personalfinance. 




 The Office 




 Nice try, boss 




 Nice try, NBC 




 They've been playing around with it for a while now. Remember when all the girls are singing high school musical songs and somebody asks "Where have you guys been" and Craig says, "Peru"? 




 http://www.nomachetejuggling.com/2011/11/11/the-star-wars-saga-suggested-viewing-order/ 




 I'm so, so sorry. Good to hear you landed on your feet 




 Ashton Kutcher, Scarlett Johansen "Dude, where's my dick? Balls deep in Scarlett 
Johansen? Oh, okay."

Rihanna, Chris Brown :  [The police don't title domestic abuse surveillance footage]

Anne Hathaway, Gary Busey : "My penis is totally talking to me, directed by John Malkovich"

Ryan Gosling, Oprah : "Look under your chairs! You get an orgasm! And you get an orgasm! Everybody gets free orgasms!"  

Mila Kunis, Mike Tyson : "I coulda been a cunt-tender"

Matt Damon, Bill Murray, Morgan Freeman, Zac Efron, Jennifer Love Hewitt : "The only 
watchable movie Jennifer Love Hewitt ever made" 

Rupert Grint, Daniel Radcliffe : "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Buttsex"

Zoey Deschanel, Joseph Gordon-Levitt : "500 Days in Summer" 

Bradley Cooper, Zack Gallafianakis : "The Hung-like-a-horse Over"

Eva Green, Eddie Murphy : "Beverly Hill Cock"

Marvin the Martian, Jessica Rabbit : "These computers are so naughty...I want to pinch them!"

Tim Allen, Tom Hanks : "Toy Story 4: Andy's Girlfriend gets a vibrator"

Tom Hardy, Marion Cotillard : "You merely adopted the pussy. I was born from it. I didn't see anal until I was already a man."

Mark Wahlberg, Amy Adams : "Boogie Nights 2: Rise of Pornhub"

Liam Neeson, Jennifer Aniston : "Taken...to a strip club"

Megan Fox, Keanu Reeves : "There is no poon"

Leo DiCaprio, Justin Bieber : [Leave answer in comments] 




 Shock and panic? That's surprising. Did you have to break the news to them or something? Surely the cops would have notified them? 

Good on you for meeting with them. 




 Did you ever have to meet the people your dad stole from during like a discovery hearing or something? 




 Diabetes 1 and 2 




 Solid answer. Thanks for delivering 




 r/trees 




 I've never laughed so hard at a meme in my life. I hope to God this catches on. 




 RACE WAR!!!

White win! Whites win again! 




