 I try to buy swim shorts that reach mid thigh because my legs are my best feature 




 Is there a relationship between OCD and Schizophrenia? 




 I Know by Jay-Z ... It was myself and my long term ex girlfriend's anthem 

 How could you leave me? I thought that you needed me. When the world got too much and you pleaded with me. Who helped you immediately? How speedy of me? How could you deny me so vehemently? 
 




 These are some of the albums that I listen to often (in no particular order): 

* 1) Because The Internet by Childish Gambino
* 2) The First Days of Spring by Noah and the Whale
* 3) Parachutes by Coldplay 
* 4) The 1975 by The 1975
* 5) Nothing Was The Same by Drake  




 Don't be man, just get some help 




 Almost seven years ago when my ex girlfriend humiliated me in front of my friends. Even then, it wasn't me bawling. It was just a few tears 




 Why? Are you ashamed of the way you've been feeling? 




 Well I think you have an answer  




 Yes and it was because we didn't love each other. Surprisingly, the relationship lasted about six months  




 Maybe you should get it checked out. Any other depression symptoms? 




 Straight guy here, but I have student loans to pay. As long as he is clean and disease free = $750 




 Well, do you have depression? 




 I'm pretty emotionless at this point in my life. However, I do respect the fact that I can control my emotions, even if this takes away the feeling of life. So I have to say completely emotionless 




 Anti depressants take the feeling out of life. I describe it as there is a cloudy haze over your mind. Your highs aren't as high but your lows aren't as low.  




 She threatened to pull a gun on me  




 With tears as lube 




 This is literally a dilemma I have had for years 




 I'm starting to have a hard time determining where my OCD ends and my real fears begin? 




 I agree with you OP. I do get tired of hiding my emotions. However, at this point, they are so deeply repressed that I do not know what would bring them back to the surface.  




 I have no shame in pooping in a public bathroom. If I need to go, i need to go 




 Two questions I have for you: 

1) What has caused your speculations of OCD?
2) How is your relationship with your parents? 




 Mac DeMarco 




 No, I felt fine. I normally feel bad when I don't buy anything but not yesterday 




 So are you obsessing about contracting an STD?  




 Glad I wasn't the only one 




 No one should be that disgusted by their own cum. And if they are grossed out, then why does one think someone else should deal with it? 




 Hell yeah! 




 I think the fun sizes are really to control calories 

Not in the slightest

I would steal this one from the internet: "She's a freak, but she's classy. Pussy so good I need my wheelchair from Degrassi" _Drake

I don't like seafood

I don't like pork

Alternative Rock

Adventure Time!

I am not

That's a hard one. Probably genital herpes because no one could see it

I'd rather not discuss that online because government lololol

Definitely not extra terrestrials

I definitely think intent is enough to make a case

I think human accomplishments can have long term meaning. There have been plenty of negative decisions that have impacted people for centuries

I think we are souls

Yes, I definitely believe so. 

That's an interesting question that I've never considered before. I immediately thought about plants. I would say that any organism that is living and breathing has a soul  




 Thank you, I appreciate it 




 Love and Other Drugs is the name of the movie 




 I'm glad to hear it. I actually have OCD, but the thoughts were so intense that I waited four years before I told anyone. I thought I had schizophrenia though. I didn't tell my parents until recently (which is about six years) so I wouldn't want anyone else to go through that  




 I have a gatorade :) 

When I was a kid, my dad told me coffee would stain my teeth. And I like my teeth, so I just never started. Even all throughout college. 

I also gave up sweets to lose weight. So I haven't had a desert (e.g. a cookie) for over two years. I know, I'm weird.  




 No show socks 




 I've never had coffee, I'm just using the free wifi :) 




 I've actually never had coffee so I didn't order anything 




 Both socks and underwear 




 I can definitely relate to this 




 In my younger years, I did not have a good relationship with dad. He's done a lot these past few years to try to make up for it, but sadly those years cannot be undone  




 Kit Kats

and a Pterodactyl :) 




 Short sleeve button up shirt, shorts, and sneakers  




 How is your relationship with your family? Who is your main support for dealing with schizophrenia? 









 Bane 

I feel as if he was simply trying to make people think about the rules of society and why we choose to conform to society's standards.  




 Probably about thirty dollars 




 If you feel as if you cannot express your feelings around you partner.

Especially, if you are afraid that you partner will criticize you or blame you for expressing your feelings 




 I've been there and it's definitely the worst. I try to remind myself that's it's just my OCD. However, it definitely gets hard 




 I was waiting for someone to say this  




 I have walls up because I don't believe that people can truly know me and truly love me. It's either one or the other  




 I am currently going for OCD   Depression. Therapy has helped me realize things about myself that I would not have been able to identify. Therapy also has helped me deal with childhood trauma.  




 Having loose/extra skin 




 [It's Not Your Fault](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYa6gbDcx18) 




 What type of case? An unpaid item case? 









 Ever since I was seventeen, there has not been a day when I don't have scrupulosity 




 I've been told that I'm not emotional enough. I'm a robot 




