 That's light skinned to you? I'm the same color and both my parents are black. 




 There's the commuter lot, which is free and the Orange will take him into campus. 




 Can confirm. 




 Good to see some changes happening. I wasn't impressed when I went in and the doctor googled my symptoms...I could have done that. 




 I think if you look on the Iowa State DOR webpage they might have a link to a Youtube series where they give a virtual tours of the dorms.

I lived in Maricopa (near Walton) last year and absolutely loved it. The apartment was clean, well furnished, and fairly close to the Cyride Red Bus line. I had my own private bathroom and my bed was lofted, not sure if yours will be. Good area overall to live in. 

Edit: Someone mentioned Walton being far away, it is quite far by bus but if you have a car not bad. Away from the chaos of campus but Welch is still within decent distance so you can hit bars and such. 




 Are you fucking serious? I'm Black, with a Master's degree and I work for a company developing immunotherapies for people with cancer. Are you really telling me I need to be abducted because I'm such a drag on society? Along with my engineer father, lawyer sister, and everyone else in my family? Your logic doesn't add up.

 




 Curry 




 As another 24 year old, get off my lawn you scallywag! 




 As an broke-ass Iowan, I agree. 




 That song started playing in my head as soon as I read your comment. 




 I know there are natural hair subs but r/blackladies is much more active :) Right now I'm about 6 months into my transition from relaxed to natural hair. I also work out about 3x a week. My question: is it easier to maintain natural hair and work out, because you're not sweating it out? Or did you find relaxed hair easier to care for?

Also any tips for weaning of a relaxer are welcome! I don't have much of a support network at home :/ 




 Endometriosis can implant within the vagina?  




 No, I haven't. I spend a decent amount of time in this sort of conversations on Reddit. I'll be sure to ELI5 next time.  




 I'm well aware that it's not intrinsic to any people and occurs across many demographics. I was acknowledging that fact that I've encountered a couple people with that mentality in my life, the last being over 4th of July weekend. Overall people are overwhelmingly supportive, they believe in my more than I do. I'm not sure what your point is.  




 I was acknowledging there are some people who act that way, not all by any means. And I'm a woman from a middle class family.  




 What are talking about? I meant there have been campuses considering removing male and female designated bathrooms and making them coed- so both can use. I didn't mention players transitioning...

Edit: And women can play college football. 




 Hey im all of these except disabled (hopefully it stays that way). Yay for statistical unicorns.  




 I volunteer to be one of said scantily clad lesbians.  




 Do you know what "job specialty" you want to go in? Sorry if that's not the right terminology. When I was thinking about the Navy I really wanted to be a Medical Corpsmen. 




 Nothing. Quick someone recommend something on Netflix to binge on. Already seen Dexter, Breaking Bad, OITNB 




 My weed supply is low and my dealer moved away :( 




 [Spy Kids 2](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0287717/)

[Spy Kids 3-D](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0338459/) 




 Yeah I've met people like that, their mentality is fucked up and poisonous. Same people who scoff at me for being in graduate school "you're gonna study your life away." Nope making a better one for myself. I'm extremely lucky my family is nothing like that. 




 Excellent response. Echoed my thoughts exactly. 




 Way too focused on how she looks. I thought objectification was something women wanted to overcome. 




 Where do genderqueer and agender people fit into this little schema? 




 I never had an opinion on the trans movement until it became commonplace for trans people to try and make me call myself cis. If you don't want someone to tell you what to label yourself, respect other people's desires as well. 




 Agreed. It's insane such a small percentage of the population has people thinking about coed bathrooms on campus and such. The idea of trying to change my tampon while a football player is shitting 10 feet away is unsettling.  




 Thanks for recognizing this. Hope that wasn't sarcasm. 




 I think people still talk about slavery as a relevant issue because the effects of it are still visible today. From slavery came share cropping, then Jim Crow and segregation, from these ghettos developed and red lining. Gentrification is currently a problem as well as racial profiling and sentencing discrepancies. All of these are the results of slavery. My family members were alive for all of these but slavery.

I don't hold white people responsible for the things of the past, a few people caused problems for many. Also, just because I wasn't a slave doesn't mean I can't feel pain when my grandmother talks to me about segregated schools or getting hit with firehoses. All of that stemmed from slavery. I'm not arguing with your position, just providing alternative perspective. 




 I think some people see the Trans-Atlantic slave trade as unique because it was one of the few where slaves were made slaves because of their skin color and assumed inferiority alone. Other forms of slavery were due to war, debt, tribal issues etc. It also went on for an extremely long time. 




 Black person here. IMO removing the flag isn't going to change anything. People are going to hold hate and discrimination in their hearts regardless of what fucking flag is allowed. Shitty response to the Charleston shooting. 




 How did you figure out you had it? 




 Hello, me :( 




 So do you produce more cum than the average man? 




 Loves cats and puppies, hates black people.  




 What does the R stand for?  




 Any chance there's a video of that Williams match?  




 Ok I see what you were saying. Thanks for the clarification.  




 I think I understand what you're saying. You're fine with your body and the biological label "woman". But you also don't feel you have a so called "female brain" or identity. I'm the same way.  




 This doesn't erase her experience of being raped. That's like saying other people have it worse so you don't get to feel bad.  




 This argument doesn't really work. Skin and eye color are partially dependent on the number of people with those traits reproducing. Percentage of Cis and Trans people are consistent no matter what the population.  




 So should we create another label for straight people who are sexually active but don't want kids or are infertile?  




 Does that hurt? 




 The cops on my campus have this method of sticking an arm pressure cuff between the door and the frame, inflating, and then sticking something inside to pull the locks. Saved my ass during finals. Maybe you should invest in something similar. 




 You ever get so high, you experience time warp? Like time seems like it has stopped. *4 hours gone by?, nope only 20 minutes.* 




 I need a new beer to try. No IPAs. 




 Run into an old friend and replay the conversation over and over, cringing at the things you said. 

*God I'm so awkward, she knows what a loser I am.* 




 Is there a um, subreddit featuring this? 




 Question from an Iowan. How terrible are the winters in Denver? For example in Iowa, we'll probably get 40 inches annually with temps around 25, which isn't terrible. At worst, January and February we'll get a week or 2 of temps around -17 with wind chill. How does Denver compare?  




 You're cute :) Lobster face aside. 




 Dammit. Upvote for catching that. 




 I was confused by OP. Nevermind. 




 No, I know exactly what I posted. It's well known that blacks are more likely to be poor so therefore more likely to take out government assistance. So, what? You haven't posted anything that proves you as a white person are being taxed more than any other American citizen for welfare regardless of who's taking it out. SOLID FUCKING GOLD!

Also, I didn't see your point about any of the things you posted having to do with nonexistence of white privilege. Sentencing discrepancies between races, wage gap, loan applications, profiling, I could go on for days. And if affirmative action was done away with Asians would dominate white college acceptance, especially STEM fields.  




 So for the past year or so, I've been battling with my service provider to fix this error: DNS_Probe_Finished_Bad_Config.

Whenever this error occurs I can't used internet for about 15 minutes, it happens multiple times per day. Since Pavlov Media's customer support is bullshit, thought maybe someone one here had advice on how to fix? I don't even know what it means really. Thanks!

I have an HP Envy computer, bought in 2014. Works on other networks, so I'm sure it's not the laptop nor the router (Belkin).  




 Do you have any statistics to back up your feelings?

[Affirmative action](http://ideas.time.com/2013/06/17/affirmative-action-has-helped-white-women-more-than-anyone/)

[Welfare myths](http://www.forwardprogressives.com/6-myths-welfare-recipients-debunked/) 




 Titillating.  




 Jus' sayin. 




 Maybe it means keep your eyelids open? Like if your eyes are closed they're "unpeeled". 




 Octothorp, you peasants. 




 For all intensive purposes, I don't agree with you... 




 I'm beginning to become concerned by this thread. I'm a woman and I sit with my legs wide open because it's simply more comfortable than squeezing them together. Maybe I'm man shaped :( 




 It probably just looks bad. I'm a girl and my mom told me take my hand out of my pants as a kid all the time. Said it looks inappropriate. I like the warmth. 




 Netflix talking to you. Simple as that 




 That's great. I'm in the biomedical industry so it's a little difficult to get a ton of relevant experience prior to graduation.  




 Amazon Prime video has Hey Arnold episodes. 




 They have alot of these available to watch on Amazon Prime video. I binged on Hey Arnold! and Rugrats the other day. No shame. 




 Your description is starting to turn me on man, stop it. 




 3-5 years of experience for an entry level position. GTFOH. 




 Especially not in dry socks. 




 Yasss 




 Now get in the van. 




 What if someone had this plus claustrophobia? Where the fuck would you go. 




 I need to know the science behind this. Why is it so cringey? Just imagining it right now is awful. 




 I mentioned this elsewhere in this thread but I feel the same way about rubbing certain fabrics together. Especially velvet. Did it as a kid (between my teeth) and it's the worst sensation ever.

 




 Same with the thought of grinding fabrics like velvet between my teeth. Did it as a kid and it's the worst sensation ever. 




 So black people should wear suits to Walmart and to get their oil changed? 




 Shower arguments happen more for me than real life arguments. 




 On Reddit, oftentimes 




 I've got the acid and plastic barrels ready. 




 May I ask how old you are? 




 What was it? I missed it. 




 Your username sounds hispanic lol 




 Did they enjoy the singing? 




 Black comes in all shades bro, there's nothing wrong with claiming biracial or mixed either if that's what you prefer. My younger cousin is Black and Vietnamese and that's what he does, he's even lighter than you lol.
 




 I honestly think you're quite cute, full lips are attractive on either gender. I wouldn't have noticed the asymmetry, if you hadn't pointed it out. It's not obvious imo. If you don't think a shorter hair will help, how about shaping or styling it? Your hair texture is decent. Looking at style pics online could help and ask opinions from friends. 




 For me, it makes me feel unsafe. Speaking as a survivor of sexual assault. 




 Most chicks wear yoga pants because they're comfy and work with most outfits.

Source:female 




 I'd suggest a haircut. And it's weird I've never heard "effeminate" and "African features" in the same sentence before. If you want to appear more masculine, try different clothes and lifting weights. You might want to talk with someone about your race issues as well. 




 If I'm trying to understand how someone came to certain conclusion, I ask for the specific article they read. Force of habit really. In my field of work if you make a claim, you provide a reference as well. Otherwise it's hard to be taken seriously.  




 You were looking especially hot on Friday man. 




 My little buddy. 




 Ha mom compliments. "You're not fat, you're soft." 




 I actually heard this from an Asian girl once. But she was from Oakland and I'm from the Midwest so it's not shocking Iowans are a little more easygoing. 




 I feel your pain. I've gotten, "You're really pretty for a black girl!" I'm floored people have no idea this type of stuff hurts. 




 I honestly don't understand your viewpoint. I'm Black and grew up surrounded by lots of other black people and have yet to become a criminal, just got my master's degree in fact. How many black people do you know on a personal level? 




 You got a source on that "higher testosterone" claim and it's link to violence in black males?

And I think you should learn the difference between culture and environment. I grew up on rap music and surrounded by other (middle class) black people but still manged to get a master's degree and on my way to medical school.  




 That's gentrification not self-segregation 




 Not really. Modern slavery is mostly based on profit and debt. Only allowed because of government corruption or ignorance, not "culture". Transatlantic slavery developed into being based on skin color. From a college website if you care to read:

 "Racial slavery played an intrinsic and indispensable part in New World settlement. The institution was no abnormality, no aberration, no marginal feature; rather, its development is the grim and irrepressible theme governing the development of the Western Hemisphere. The truly distinctive features of North American (and to varying degrees, New World) slavery were its racial bedrock and its thoroughly commercial character. Nevertheless, however it happened, slavery became indelibly linked with people of African descent in the Western Hemisphere. The dishonor, humiliation, and bestialization that were universally associated with chattel slavery merged with blackness in the New World. The racial factor became one of the most distinctive features of slavery in the New World (12).

New World slavery's other most distinctive aspect was its highly commercial character. While it is true that plantations -- that is, large agricultural enterprises, managed for profit, producing a crop for export, with a hierarchically stratified labor organization -- existed outside the New World, they reached their apogee there. The economies of scale, the expansion in unit size, the almost exclusive use of black slaves, a highly regimented and commodified labor force, and a system of close management all raised profit levels significantly."


 **Historical or Modern slavery causes:**

* Bonded labour or debt bondage from  familial poverty or owed payments
* Serfdom
* Child slavery
* Marital and sexual slavery
* Immigrants 
* People captured during wartime

Source: http://apcentral.collegeboard.com/apc/members/courses/teachers_corner/49355.html

http://www.bbc.co.uk/ethics/slavery/modern/modern_1.shtml 




 Even if a person wasn't a slave themselves, being a descendant of that legacy still has an effect. For example, my mom and aunt grew up in Jim Crow and segregated schools. My aunt got her arm broken for attempting to go to a white school in the south. I didn't but it still hurts to know people you cared about suffered through that. Empathy isn't limited in that way. 




 AFAIK slavery in the US was quite different than what previously occurred and what is happening currently. The trans-Atlantic slave trade and segregation was maintained because of beliefs about white superiority, which had never happened before.

I know this thread is old, but felt the need to point that out. 




 You can be any major and go to medical school as long as you complete the prerequisites.  




 Iowa, unfortunately. Moving soon hopefully. 




 Eugene, Oregon?

How's Asheville? I heard it's lesbian-utopia. 




 Feeling the thrill of being immune to a guy's attempt to seduce or flirt with you. *You have no power here!* 




 How are UTIs and bad hygiene a lesbian thing? 




 It's called Good Hair... 




