 Not Really...it just wasn't as impactful, or the people weren't as meaningful 




 You don't need validation from others. You're alive. That's what counts  




 He did. I don't feel like I did though 




 We both graduated in 2012.  




 He's not a bad dude, just incredibly insecure. But he also holds some petty grudges and still somewhat irrationally (in my eyes) dislike some people. 

But hey, he's one of my closest friends. 




 Are you smoking to cope with issues? Do you do other things? Do you spend your time sober? 

Look up the CAGE questionaire. Even though it is used primarily for alcohol, you can substitute any substance for alcohol.  




 I'm 21. I don't give a shit whether you're 5 or 85. If I can learn something from you, then I will be glad to learn 




 At least you know how fucking magnets work 




 Weed 




 I have caught myself mid swear before around children and tried to correct myself. Children and family are the only people I don't swear around (outside of a professional setting) 




 Having someone else tell me I have a chance is wonderful. And of course I plan on wooing her. It would be foolish of me not to 




 It could be true, but I refuse to believe it. I would have to be the same...or brainwashed to be compelled to like her then.  




 This is true. That, and I'm assuming she's like me, not big on jumping on the relationship boat 




 I had leftover credit from my app store, and your comment was reassuring.  




 Thanks for the vote of confidence 




 But...she's 23 




 I don't think 23 qualifies as teenager though 




 I will. Just you know, not aggressively  




 You think so? I'm not 100% sure but the only things that are 100% sure in life are that we will pay taxes, and George Washington was the only unanimous choice for President 




 It's such a weird way of wording it though  




 I honestly believe I do.  




 Of course. I have enough past mistakes to know when something coming up is about to be wrong on my part  




 I have a shot?  




 That could be it. I'm thinking positive on this one 




 And that double negative weirded me out  




 I'm with /u/RulerOfSlides on this one 




 Well, I told her what I've been dealing with lately, and she said that it's almost fascinating that I can seem so level around her, and in general. Anyway, I apologize for being so distant and not making that extra effort to charm her. That goes over well; and I ask her if she really likes me (insecurity on 100 right here) and she tells me that she doesn't not like me. Idk how to feel about that. 




 Likewise, if a rep tells me they don't need an e-mail, then they are looking for another source of info 




 That is wonderful. I'm sure mine would do the same, but I haven't seen any evidence of it in the last 7 years...minimum 




 I wish I had that reassurance from my dad. We have no common interests, but I wish he would tell me he cared, without being forced to do so 




 At least yours tries to give you direction. Anymore, my dad and I only exchange the small talk you would see between two people forced to be in the same elevator together 




 Mine has been around physically, but it only seems like he is around to Harp on the slightest thing I've done wrong, never offers any positive encouragement, and blatantly favors my brother in every facet of life 




 I posted over in /r/depression with all the details about my situation, but I had a separate question. What's it like to have a loving, supporting father? 




 I'm not suicidal (anymore)   
And I'm able to get myself out of bed on a consistent basis for things other than work. 

I just wish I had 2 parents who cared about me and wanted me to happy and prosper in life.  




 He's not off the cheeseburgers, lookin like that. He's obviously on the cheeseburgers 




 Your abbreviation of Olive Garden made me laugh. Haha OG shit 




 The first half of this is used as a title card in a later episode of the Boondocks 




 WHAT DOES THE FOX SAY? 




 "You have enemies? Good. That means you stood up for something, sometime in your life."

-Winston Churchill, A.K.A.

NOT FUCKING EMINEM 




 Or even better, have Cage travel back to 1776, and kidnap Thomas Jefferson while he is holding The Declaration of Independence 




 Shenanigans? 




 Littering and...smoking the reefer 




 I've always been wary of anyone named Emily (or any spelling thereof) 




 Good luck! If you need someone to talk to, I'll be available. I'm going sober as well 




 This post means a lot, especially as I am increasing my therapy schedule for my depression. I decided to go more frequently after surviving my last suicide attempt. I've tried three times in the past 6 months, and the main responses I've heard were "oh its just a phase" and "what do you have to depressed about?" 




 You sound like my best friend from when I was at Ball State  




 Except his terrible PR is actually helping his poll numbers. Old, white Americans hate things that aren't them, including the young, blacks, and Mexicans...and they hate them even more if they are a combo of previously stated demographics 




 Ha! Have you ever heard of Reaganomics? Or seen our prison statistics...by percentage, not number 




 "I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived." - Thoreau

-Thornton Mellon 




 That's what I'm saying. They should tie him to a tree, beat him half to death, shoot him in both his legs, and leave him to die.

And since he is an illegal alien, we should ignore the 6th and 8th Amendments 




 I thought California had the 3 strikes rule? 




 Doesn't Supes treat Olson like shit on several occasions  




 People's Elbow has so much more hype. Many more people have seen Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson use the elbow than Zelda using "The Knee of Justice"

More people have seen the WWE/WWF at its peak than SSBM/SS Brawl/ SS4 




 Most street level characters lose at round 4, if they don't already lose at round 3. Dhalsim is a range attacking mofo who breathes fire. Reed Richards is not what I would consider street level, either by his intellect or powers.  




 They are 3 of the most consistently crime and violence ridden cities in the U.S. over the last 15 years or so. 

Personally, STL is only bad in the north and east, and certain parts of the city itself. 

Source: born and raised in the area 









 I just did my math...also 25 grand in 4 years. An extra 25 grand? That's a down payment on a house 




 Not with the new CBA. He'll sign 1 or 2 at the most, then restructure when the salary cap jumps from 60 mil to 108 mil  




 I added rounds because I forgot to address this  




 This includes composites of other actors' roles, as well as particular characters. 

Also: exclude the fact that he played Jesus Christ in the film Pilgrim's Progress.

Y'all can add in more roles that he has played, but right off the top of my head, he has played:

Ras Al-Ghul    
Gawain (Excalibur)   
Qui-Gon Jinn    
Oskar Schindler     
Aslan (Narnia)   
Zeus (Clash of the Titans)   
The guy from the Taken movies

Edit: Rounds for this.

Round 1: using movie roles only. 

Round 2: using source material only. 

Round 3: anything and everything goes (except for the Jesus thing) 




 The owner of this laptop will respond, they will get their laptop back, and then this post will end up on /r/bestof

I give it 24 hours 




 Panem et Circenses.  




 That looks kinda trippy 




 Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, if you can handle it or follow it 




 Literally dozens 




 37? In a row? 




 Weed best be numero uno in an area where it is actually legal  




 I wake up early, decide to watch a movie on Netflix, I'm thinking Taxi Driver, why not....good film, great film. Wouldn't you know, Netflix just removed it from their services 7 hours ago!?!?! 




 Nah they shouldn't. I'm getting my suit pressed just for this 




 Arrested. Can't be around, or test positive for THC. But my BAC can sure rise 




 Good info 




 Kokomo 




 I may not be able to indulge in my #1 activity anymore, but I can sure as fuck indulge in activity #2: drinking 




 But if we burn it, then how can our Lord and Saviour Nic Cage steal it? 




 Dude that sucks. How did they get the consent to search the car? But yeah I'm calling around tomorrow for lawyers to see if they can drop my record, and what they have to say about not acknowledging my Miranda rights 




 Thanks bro 




 I'm doubting that; the more I read.  




 Blue state vs red state differences  




 Reading is my Xanax for when Xanax isn't available. And I'm reasonably good at making first impressions so I should be ok.  




 That's because it is medically legal in Illinois, as far as I know 




 I was told that it was more than likely going to be worked down to a littering charge, which would be a moderate fine and some community service 




 I'm thinking it will be fine. I'm only 21. Just some fines and shit to pay 




 It was what the state trooper and CO I talked to told me. I'm just a little worried because I've never been in legal trouble before. Not even a speeding ticket 




 That's funny, but no one around had a sense of humor 




 I am 21. I was forward with the officer, told him what he would find when he searched the vehicle, and admitted what I had was mine. 




 Yeah. Idk if Narcan is even legal as well  




 If I'm caught with anything in the next 5 years, it's an instant felony with jail time, so I'm going to be overcautious 




 Thank you very much. They got me a quick court date, so I'm thinking they have more important cases...or its a decently quick court system in Indiana 




 He probably didn't bother with reading my rights because the most talking I did was small talk on the way to booking. 




 That is interesting 




 I'll just see how everything falls into place tomorrow.  




 I've talked to a few people who have been in my shoes in this state. They said that I could get the charges pled down to just a fine and either community service or rehab 




 This is why I'm seeing a lawyer 




 Well that would be insanely fucked. Then I probably would find my way into a jail 




 What did they get you for, and what kind of punishment are you looking at, if you don't mind me asking? 




 I was thinking Miranda v Arizona but I don't know if that will apply here 




 Uh it's literally a Supreme Court precedent. Miranda v Arizona 




 You're telling me. At least I have drinking. I can legally do that 




 Probably not, but I don't plan on being back in there in any capacity, so I honestly don't care about that. The guy in the cell with me looked like a legitimate Aryan skinhead...but who knows  




 I only know about Dresden because of Kurt Vonnegut 




 Indiana. 

Edit: Where most people are hard laced conservatives, every drug is equally horrible and our governor thinks SCOTUS made the wrong decision.  




 I had nothing else to do, so I asked for a book or something to read. It was the only book they had, apparently  




 It stunned me more than anything. I figured he would either take it himself to smoke, or throw it out.  




 I'll still ask either way, but I don't expect it to change a thing  




 What state is that? Because mine is going to likely be fines. They could press for jail time, but I have no priors, I cooperated with everything, I'm in college and have an almost full time job.  




 Not set up. Just the CO started telling me about people who went down the wrong path in life while I was changing into my jail clothes. And the other guy just happened to be in the same holding cell as me...they said he was arrested about 25 times in his life.  




 Talking to my lawyer tomorrow about it, hoping everything goes well when court rolls around. Sending good vibes your way! 




 My dad called me a drug lord. The CO and I had a heart to heart, and I had a long talk with a habitual offender. 




