 I think I get what you're saying, but I was a dumbass and used it for bad instead of good :(. I kind of used the same technique to say "fuck it, the delusion of isolation isn't that bad!" I basically have convinced myself that happiness and sadness are just equal chemical reactions that are processed by our brains. If you reject the notion of happiness or sadness and accept being, it doesn't really matter if you're in solitude or with people.

Most of the time it works, but sometimes I really miss people. But then when I'm with people, I miss the solitude. Never can make 'em happy, eh? 

The trivial details have been my identity for so long, I don't know what to do without them. Not taking life so seriously is what pushed me over the line and said "fuck it. time for isolation." 

Now for a WTF: 

Surprisingly, the one thing I really want to do is join the Peace Corps and live somewhere in the Indian Ocean. Live without much money and help people. I think part of my problem is with the corporate/individualistic world here. 

Hilariously, for someone preaching isolationism, I think it'd be very therapeutic for me to be part of a community-based culture. Somewhere that life goes much slower, but is much more loving and less materialism. Somewhere I can't quit, because the 2 years of duty.  




 I'd love to talk to you sometime! Getting close to bed time for me and I'd like to reply to most of the thoughtful comments before I head off to my lovely land of dreams, so this might be short. 

I agree totally, I wasted a ton of time in school. I'd love to be able to lecture on history - it'd probably be my dream job. But, I don't want to spend another 6-8 years in the schooling system. 

College was very effortless for me. I have a damn near photographic memory when it comes to historic dates, history, details etc.,. But.. as I alluded to, my short-term as I call it "functional" memory is shot. I wont remember when assignments are due, what day of the week it is, people's names, where things go, what time I have to go places, etc., The brain is strange to say the least.

I actually went for something I have absolutely no interest in doing. I completely hate the financial system and that's why I went for finance haha.. To learn the tricks the wealthy use to control humanity. It's worked nicely :)  




