 Jolteon  




 Vet tech here...  
Personal experience, the spay/neuter procedues effect on calming or curbing certain behaviours in dogs varies GREATLY.  That being said it can certainly calm a dog however mostly I've noticed this in dogs that are sterilized before these behaviours start. Sterilizing a 3 year old agressive/bull headed ect ect dog is not going to solve your problem since the behaviour is already sorta set in. Only training can help you. Some dogs (usually males)  will still mark after bekng neutered.  Depends on the dog.  









 Yes..  The force is strong with him. :)  









 So over the weekend my brother (let's call him C)  was assaulted by his gf for the third time (lets call her B). They were in his car (she was driving) they had two passengers in the back seat. C received a phone call from his friend S.  S is currently at a strip club (to be clear the call is a "face time") so this for some reason sets off B. She grabs his phone and throws or at the car window. I assume she was trying to throw it out the window. After this fit some reason she attacks him. Punches my brother in the face several times, scratches him, tears a piece of his ear off. C manages to escape the car. At this point they were almost at the campfire thing they were going to.  B steals his car and drove off not to be heard from till the next morning. Meanwhile my brother C has run off into the woods. His friend finds him and drives him to my mother's house... So at this point I received a call from my mother and little sister explaining what happened.  My mom takes photos of my brothers face and body (hes bleeding and his clothes are torn) I called the police, however since my brother refused to talk to them and i was not a witness i am apparently powerless to report this crime. After a few hours at my mother's place C goes to his good friends house who happens to be an OPP officer.  (Ontario provincial police).  Over the night i guess his friend has given him advice since C does not wish to report the assault. He gave his gf an ultimatum (move out or he reports her to the police)  problem is i have no idea if he actually said this to B or will even follow through. 

This is not the first time that B has assaulted him. In the past she's hit him before (not this bad) and has smashed a lap top because C would not move a couch at 3am from the curb to the house. (couch her dog destroyed).  And she forbids him from using social media and checks his phone all the time. Any female friends are not allowed ect. I don't really know why C accepts this! I feel like my brother is being manipulated and physically/mentally abused by this psychotic woman. They've been together 4 years and is never really been good between them. 

So what I'm asking basically is, what can i say to my brother that will convince him to reports B to the police? He has 2 witness and photographs. How long does he have to report the assault? 

tl;dr brother been assaulted by his gf for the 3rd time. This time he has witnesses and photographic evidence. How to I get him to report it to the police?  




 Heart worms are in the blood not the stomach or gi. The meds can sometimes cause upset in the gi though. 

Animals with worms in the gi will often barf them up, especially if the burden is high enough.  














 Yes I feel weird about it. Like the old me has been replaced with this new depressed me that gets no joy out of anything. I'm scared that I'll freak out my SO and he'll vanish. That to me would be devastating.  









 I am a beautiful person who is the best way to get a little group on a warm day go up to barrys bay and I will be nice to have a good sleep and I will be nice to have a good sleep.  I love you too can be used to be a long night and I will be nice to have a good sleep.   




 I wear dainese ladies drake air pants they're really nice and not super expensive  




 Cavan Hills is great  




 I prefer el caminos for burrito  




 Procaliber.com sells new oem parts that arent too expensive.  I bought a left faring for my 08 zx6r and it cost about 150$ you have to order the heat shield pads as well but all very inexpensive imo 




 I absolutely love it  




 Same bike here c: 




 Oh yes i plan on making a viewing. It's just always nos to hear what people who lived/live there think of the place.  Other tenants,  renting from aon in general I supoose. Thanks for the input though.  




 Hello fellow Ptbo people.
I was wondering if anyone in here lives/lived in the apartment building at 235 King Street. Just curious as to how nice they are inside? Hows the underground parking? Is it clean ect ect? Just a review would be wonderful. My SO and I are looking for places and this place seems affordable.  




