 Its not easy. I've realized I have to stop living in the past and build the future. Or we will never recover. It takes time and effort. I've been clean a year and I've been struggling with keeping myself busy. At the same time I have a father battling addiction at home. Which is tough on me mentally. I go to work stay positive and see good friends time to time. I've done some fucked up stuff too and I'm still reeling the pain. I live a normal life today and I am okay. I get in my head sometimes but I reach out for help and eventually I feel okay again. "Nothing changes, if nothing changes" With all your power you have keep trying to fight your fears and do whats right for your life. I would suggest getting a job as it would keep you busy. Staying in touch with your sponsor and building a sober network. Congrats on reaching out this is the right step! : ) 




 I aced that test whole test too that you posted the link of. I was diagnosed almost 8 years ago for depression, anxiety, adhd. Glad your making positive changes. I still have trouble getting out. I heard working out 30 minutes nonstop a day can really help us rewire our brains but who has the motivation lol. The medication I've been on is useless. Good luck my friend. Wish you the best. 




 How do you test high for depression ?  just curous 




 Go to a meeting. Ask for help. You will get help. Start from there. 




 How do you feel around strangers ? What are you thinking usually. 




 Hi there, this is usually how it went with me in the beginning of recovery. When you are in a rehab or sober house it is much easier because you have a support system and others going through a similar situation. Would you be able to get checked into a sober house ? 




 I thought the same thing at first. When I was getting high and drunk all the time I had girls, lots of friends and I was outgoing. The reality was they were not my friends. The girls were fake. I was living a life that I was not happy with. Now I have my family, few friends keep to myself and life is good.  




 I never considered myself a alcoholic either but my father is so I rather not. If I start drinking, eventually I will fall to drugs someway along the way, I've seen alot of friends try to drink and go back to drugs. I do have a very few friends who were addicted to drugs and managed to just drink here and there. There lives were better and happier. Its a mind fuck. 




 Hahahaha takes energy man! 




 Thats great!!! I am by means not perfect today. I still struggle and I am stubborn sometimes about getting help. But as addicts I've  learned we have to reach out to others to maintain our sobriety. I'm glad you mentioned it here on the forum its better than sitting in your head and just holding in everything. Good luck brotha! 




 Its all in our heads man. Last time I relapsed it was because I went to see my bestfriend who was still a heroin addict. I wasn't craving at all. I thought I was doing good in recovery but I was winging it. This time around I still struggled but when I confront my fears and talk about how I feel and reach out to others I feel at ease and peace with my mind. Its like we choose either to recover or go back. If a old friend hits you up who still uses and wants to hangout there is no use, unless you want to go back to that life. If you drive pass a trigger area you have to think to yourself wow I came so far and I am clean and sober today and life is good. Positive thoughts. The past is the past. Thats the mentality I want to believe. When you believe you achieve. Just my thoughts. Congrats on your recovery you are doing great! This is no walk in the park! 




 I quit drinking when I turned 21. (I'm 24 now) Father is an alcoholic drinks alot. I don't think I ever hit rock bottom but everyone experiences it differently. I was just to a point where I was miserable and tired of chasing my addiction in circles and killing my family while I did it. If your willing to stop get to a meeting and speak whats on your mind. It took me 3 detoxes, rehab, 3 out patient programs to finally know I had to quit. Or it was death. Better sooner my friend. 




