 be there for her, but dont be her world. if she relies on you for everything, you will eventually fail because that isnt a burden you are meant to bear, and it will break her 




 yep 




 LMFAO 




 dude thats awesome man congrats!!! 




 sonya curry 




 Am I actually an ENFJ? I am very good at talking to people and I'm generally not nervous, but I think about everything so much and am so internal. but I also start to feel lonely and even depressed if I'm alone too much.  




 hahaha you're right. maybe rinse* 




 you go in there?? 




 my fight coach was getting frustrated with me because i kept thinking i understood the instruction but actually didnt. he got mad at me and said "YOU DONT LISTEN". seemingly small but it really messed with me and i got surprisingly sad 




 i love it. i think its worth the risk 




 I've learned that a lot of guys just think "water will get it" but man that is not true. Especially if you play sports, you have to scrub your feet, and everyone poops, you have to have to have to soap your butthole.  




 did you ask her what she expected? was the card made of like cheapass cardboard and old newspaper with a pen? i mean jeez. sounds like you did a good job to me lol 




 i like the question you posed. i know in sunday school they taught us a lot that god is a jealous and self loving god. and the barbie doll argument. like if you programmed a barbie to say i love you, would it be meaningful. no. god does the same thing. he gives you a choice so it feels better when you choose him. just quoting what they taught. think its stupid either way like yeah. ur gna give them the "choice" to love you then send em to hell if they choose wrong lmao 




 dadbod 




 drink a shot of protein powder to that 




 hahah it was the most i could comfortably do without being too sexual 




 i think i successfully masturbated in class twice in my life. had to use my left hand both times. RAGING hormones as an 8th grader.  




 into a tissue 




 oh trust me i have not forgotten. i'm watching every single one of these games rooting for lebron. im not a cavs fan but goddamn i would HATE to see gsw get a championship 




 if he calls you a slut, id be a bit worried. but when i think of myself and my friends, we wouldnt really say the word slut in front of a girl. its really judgmental and we might be joking about it as bro talk with each other but yeah definitely never in front of a girl 




 best to err on the side of caution. thats what i thought was best too. i think its easier to explain/ ask for forgiveness for being too civil than for being too aggressive  




