 Men have nipples. 




 If I ever get my anxiety under control without meds, sure. 




 Knew what that was right away. 




 I've been on Tri-Previfem for about 3 years now, and it was my understanding that it's supposed to stop ovulation. However, I still get all those ovulation symptoms: change in cervical fluid, change in cervical position and firmness, cramping on one side, etc. Just like I did before starting BC.

I haven't gotten pregnant so it must be working, but I really think I'm ovulating as well. 




 ...blood is sterile?

Let's hope this person doesn't work in healthcare. 




 Excellent example of why I refuse to call myself a feminist.

I want nothing to do with you whack jobs. 




 Tatiana was the prettiest of Nicholas II's daughters. 




 ...that was the point. 




 I've never understood the desire to insult people, but to do it nicely.

If you're against hurting someone's feelings, don't insult them at all. Cutting "ableist" language out doesn't make it any better. 




 These are the same people who want subreddits they see as dangerous to be banned. 




 As a woman I feel I have no business questioning men who skipped out on the draft, but I tend to make an exception for Republicans since they seem to be more willing to start wars. 




 I can see why. 




 And which medical school did you go to? 




 It certainly can be a hereditary mental illness as well. 




 Alimony should be extremely temporary. Enough for the spouse who didn't work as much to take classes, learn skills, etc. so they can support themselves.

Getting a check from your ex for the rest of your single life? No. 




 We've had sexual problems in the past. I'm HL, she's LL. Before, we've had problems in having consistent, regular sex more than once every 2-3 weeks. Recently, we've made progress and had sex twice a week a few weeks ago. But that was several weeks ago.

I'm really LL, but me and my HL boyfriend are exactly the opposite. We have sex several times a week, and I agree to it just so I don't have to deal with him pestering me about it. Having sex for 1/2 hour (he lasts forever) is preferable to listening to him say, "Hey, touch my dick" for an hour. We've only gone a month without sex once, and that was after I had a painful medical procedure and was unable.

I also didn't dare try to put it off on his birthday. I just gave in without any resistance. He'd never hurt me, but his anger and the pestering would have been multiplied by 5, I'm sure. Easier to just give in.

It isn't him. He's good at sex. I'm just on anti-anxiety meds and would rather do math homework than have sex some days.

I don't really have any advice for you, I just noticed that my experience is quite different from most other peoples' on here. I give in while other women (and some men) just refuse to have the sex. 




 Yes. 




 My boyfriend's foreplay is saying, "Hey, touch my dick."

This sounds better. 




 One of my "friends" did this exact thing on Facebook. 




 Baby in Latin is infantem. Fetus is Latin for offspring.

But we're talking medical definitions. 




 You can't force them, but you can tell them they aren't adhering to their own policy. If they aren't adhering to it, they should remove it. 




 If it's inside the mother, it's a fetus. That's the definition of the word. 




 Smoke and barely brush her teeth. 




 Drink a lot of soda. Both doctor and dentist said to cut it out. 




 20 weeks? That's 5 months. The fetus can almost survive on its own at that point.

I'm okay with this, assuming the woman's life or health isn't at risk. 




 Well...he's right.

Apologies should only be given if the person means it. Otherwise there's no value in an apology.

Trump's an idiot and he should go away. 




 I swear, I thought Kodiak bears were extinct... 




 https://www.reddit.com/r/CoonTown/comments/3dm4h8/i_have_no_where_else_to_vent/

I was talking about this. 




 Sadly, I think they should declare her dead. I bet she didn't survive a week after her abduction.  




 Same here. I am 26 and refuse to ride them since then. It was *at least* 17 years ago. 




  Because a private website should be forced to host that kind of shit.

Reddit has a "free speech" policy. They aren't being forced to host anything. 




 I believe he posted a photo of himself with his username. He was black. 




 My dad needed that sign when he forced me on a roller coaster. 




 I was probably an annoying shit as a child too. 




  Like, dozens upon dozens of generations before you had kids so you could exist

They didn't have kids so further generations could exist. They had kids because they needed extra hands on the farm, because there was no reliable birth control, because it was expected of them, and maybe even a few times because they wanted kids.

But I seriously doubt anyone was thinking, "Gotta continue the line for thousands of years..." 




 Then after that you have a toddler waking you up. 




 But then your boyfriend wakes you up by humping you.

That's how I woke up today. 




 Do you have the same standards for men? 




 I understand why men have this fear and it's valid, but I've always resented men who look down on women for sleeping with them on a first date, for admitting to having many sexual partners before them, etc yet they don't see anything wrong with doing these things themselves.

It's fine to be concerned about the paternity of hypothetical children, but don't be a hypocrite.  




 Periods, and good bras being expensive. 




 Pretty often. It's amazing I don't get dehydrated.  




 I don't know why other women have an issue with this. 




 This vagina owner agrees! 




 I agree with the top part, but not the bottom.

If the genders were switched, men would take advantage of it too. 




 Australia. 




 When your water breaks, you still have plenty of time before you deliver.

You're telling me this teacher couldn't get to the hospital in a couple hours? 




 I think the doctor was a popping lover too... 




 "It was a busy yet fun day and we're happy you could be a part of it!"

My place of employment had this: It was a busy, yet fun day, and we're happy you could be a part of it!

I didn't think that could be right. 




 Of course some restaurants have those machines, but they aren't more common in Europe/Australia than they are in the USA. 




 Sounds like a nice way to end up homeless.

Most people don't choose where they work. You apply and interview and hope to god one of them hires you. 




 Obvious that this guy is in politics as an attempt to make people pay attention to him. 




 So why does someone deserve to afford a treo bedroom house simply for showing up for a job.

Trio bedroom? Try one bedroom. They still don't make enough.

Minimum wage jobs are designed for people who are in school or live with their parents.

Minimum wage jobs aren't designed to do anything except perform a service for a business, just like other jobs.

People who d don't need to rent. If you make minimum wage a career wage look in the mirror instead of blame the evil rich people.

Maybe the average rich person isn't to blame, but the fact that America's economic mobility has been going stagnant for decades certainly is. 




 The average McDonalds worker in Australia makes over $24K a year. In the USA, the average McDonalds worker makes $9,600 a year. 

If they're paid more they might be more inclined to give a shit about your pickles. 




 $15 is an attempt to get it to where it would be if min. wage had kept up with inflation. 




 Why aren't cashiers and fast food workers in Europe and Australia being replaced, then? Their minimum wage and/or collective bargaining means those companies pay them quite a bit more than here to do the same job, but companies aren't bringing robots in any faster than here. 




 And even if they did...so what? It was still their decision to make. 




 TIL people in countries with single payer are pointing guns at their healthcare providers. 




  The problem you highlight is a critical one that absolutely must be addressed. When we look at things purely based on profitability or cost effectiveness, we put people's wellbeing at risk. This is especially an issue in healthcare.

We can't have single payer income, doctors will be less rich!!!

Honestly, doctors in single payer countries do quite well. It's a non-issue. 




 First statement is reasonable, second one is quite out there. 




 They're paying for their own healthcare too. That's how taxes work.

That's like saying, "I have a smaller paycheck to pay for people I don't know to have access to the fire department." 




 Do these parents not bother to ever tells their kids about strangers? At 6-7 I knew to scream my head off if someone tried to take me away from my parents. 




 A seemingly unspoken rule in the chat is that whenever two rpers got together, their characters did too, so we role played all kinds of coupley cutesy stuff in the chat.

Not to take away from how terrible the story is, but that's adorable! Of course, it's only adorable if two kids are doing it, not one kid and one adult.

I had an online boyfriend starting from the age of 15. He was 18. I got lucky in that he really was who he said he was. It's been over 10 years now and we're still Facebook buddies.  




  Eating in a restaurant alone is apparently weird.

...it is? 




 I don't believe there's anything in the Muslim religion banning women from driving.

Saudi Arabia is the only country that did. All other Muslim countries allow women to drive. 




 So if I don't have kids I'll have money by the time I'm in my 30s?


...you promise? 




 A tortoise isn't a mammal. 




 Can't it be both? 




 Instead, spend the money on sterilization. 




 I'm voting for him, but I give him a 0% chance of winning. 




 So what if we're in a car, and we crash. The accident is your fault. Should I be able to force you to let me use your body to support mine, since it's your fault I'm in this condition?

The situations and conditions don't matter. In all circumstances, you own your own body and no one else is allowed to use it without your permission. If you insist otherwise, you're saying a fetus has rights no one else does. 




 A little less than half the women in this country are pro-life. 




 Late term abortions are illegal in most states except for cases that endanger the woman's life, so it's time to let that go. The vast majority of abortions occur long before the fetus has any real nervous system to feel anything. Late term abortions are also expensive and hard on the woman's body, so women aren't getting them for fun.

the number of jews killed by hitler doesn't even approach this historically.

Because a forming fetus without a nervous system is the same as 6 million Jews. lol okay.

oh it's the shipping cost. ok then

If they were selling the parts for money, they'd be getting a lot more than $30-$100 a specimen. In fact, PP wouldn't be in such need for money all the time. 




 I was watching porn once and found myself more impressed by the bathroom they were in than the sex.

I was 20. 




 Why do people have more than 1 kid if this is what it's like? 




 Can't feed 'em? Don't breed 'em!

...enter contraception... 




 Absolutely 100% of that was stupid. 




 Goodbye. 




 I see that you changed your mind down below, so I'm not really talking about you anymore, but I wish people thought about this before they ran their mouths.

Planned Parenthood has funding problems. They depend on private donations because many states have laws that tax dollars can't fund them.

If they were able to sell fetus organs, they wouldn't be in such dire financial need. 




 It's okay because the only person who owns the woman's body is the woman. The fetus has no right to use it against her will.

Say that I am in a horrible accident and need your blood and organs to survive. Should I be able to force you to support my body with yours? 




 They have to give them away for free if they do give them away. That's the law. 

However, the costs for shipping and handling items marked as fragile can be high. Not to mention the measures it takes to preserve the specimens and store them properly in transit. That takes money. 




 If you want to look at aborting fetuses as killing babies, that's your business, but PP isn't selling the organs. In the unedited video, the PP doctor says, “It has to do with space issues, are you sending someone there who is doing everything, or is their staff, what exactly are they going to do, is there shipping involved or are you coming to pick it up.”

She's likely outlining the costs for shipping and handling items marked as fragile. Not to mention the measures it takes to preserve the specimens and store them properly in transit. That takes money.
 




 That's not what the comment was saying.

You must be from SRS. 




 Hell, even a condom isn't 100%. I got pregnant despite the use of a condom. 




 Honestly, I feel that trust in this issue is a bigger risk for men. Women can abort, but if a woman gets pregnant, a man's hands are tied if she chooses to keep it.

Of course, I know not all women have access to on request abortion in the USA, and that's an issue that needs a lot of work, but I've always felt privileged in this matter as the one with the uterus.  




 I haven't either.

I don't doubt sexism exists (against men and women) I just haven't felt that I've ever been treated badly or condescendingly because I'm a woman. 




 Nero's a cat. I named him after the cruel and terrible emperor. He lived up to it right away. My boyfriend says he's the worst behaved cat he's ever seen. He causes so much trouble, makes huge messes, and pretty much does whatever he pleases without regard to the consequences (ie, a spray bottle). 

But he's so cute!

http://i.imgur.com/r6kLWOy.jpg 




 All sorts of ways. The most mild form is cutting the clitoral hood, the most severe is cutting off the clitoris and sewing up the vagina.

I don't know which form they practiced. 




 Yeah...pretty sure my boss requires all 3. 




 My boyfriend likes to say this is because all the dumb ones were killed off by natural selection over the years.

Then he likes to say say that our hypothetical child will only have an IQ of 108 (average of 113 and 103) and shake his head while glaring at me.

Yeah, we like dark humor. 




 Professional Jew? I giggled. 




 Ethiopian Jews also circumcised their females. 




 It's funny. Up until age 23, I had met two Jews that I knew of. All the way back in elementary school. Then when I was 23 I met my boyfriend. Then I met his family. Suddenly I went from having met two to 15+.

I was shocked to read that the Holocaust brought the world's population of Jews down 0.6%. That's crazy. I knew they killed a lot of people, but I had no idea it was *that* bad. 




 I believe they're counting ethnic Jews as well, which includes children that comes from a Jewish father. Biology doesn't care about religious belief. 




 Sounds like that second woman should be reported to the police. She seems to have lied in court. 




 I had to look that one up. I LOLed. 




 Wow...she's a lot smarter than I was at 6. 




 I've encountered this before on Reddit and online in general. "You're a woman? Then why would you subscribe to men's rights and why wouldn't you be a feminist?"

It's as if they can't believe that someone can support and fight for men's rights and women's rights at the same time. Egalitarians exist. 




 Yes. Why wouldn't he? 




 Didn't know just removing the tubes was a thing.

Can you still have periods? 




 In that case I agree. 

Simply believing in god doesn't make someone mentally ill. My grandmother is a committed Christian and one of the best people I've ever met. I've never heard her use religion as a rationale for anything. 




 That's kind of gross, but I do think people overreact when it comes to this topic.

We've all seen messages on Facebook that say, "Take all photos of your children down! Pedophiles are stealing them and using them to masturbate!"

That's a pretty absurd moral panic. For one, how would you know this? Two, pedophiles don't need photos of your kids. They can do a Google search for "children" and have all the pictures they need. Three, if you're that terrified that a pedo might jerk off to photos of your kid, why take your kid out in public at all? Pedos might snap a photo without you knowing! Better keep them inside! 




 The vast majority of roles in the military aren't combat, so there is plenty for women to do. 




 Israel drafts women, as well as Norway. 




 Hopefully this will go somewhere. I've thought this was BS since I was 16. 




 Okay, SRS, let's explain this to your slow asses once again.

We do not make laws based on what we find icky. We base laws on what hurts someone. Drawing pictures of sexy children isn't illegal because it isn't hurting anyone. It's icky, but isn't hurting anyone. Taking a photo of a child meant to be sexy is hurting someone, so that's illegal. See how it works?

 




 I did it too, then it said I had to sign into Facebook to get the result.

I told it to go fuck itself. 




 My IQ is above average? Really? Humanity, we're in some serious trouble. 




 $44? At Subway? Christ. 




 Same here. 50s housewife would be pretty good for me. 




 Low self esteem, really bad at STEM subjects, can't drive very well, and I'm emotional. Also, horrible sense of direction. 




  after eating the toast.

You're kidding right? 




 Getting rid of them is hard though.

We have traps and a cat, but they still love to hang around. 




 Poor mouse. Horrible way to die. 




 Why is dissent un-Democratic? 




 No one has *always* banned child pornography. 




 I have seen absolutely no one defending child porn here. 




 The Act on Punishment of Activities Relating to Child Prostitution and Child Pornography, and the Protection of Children, which was around in 1999, stated child porn was illegal and those found guilty could face 5 years in prison.

http://www.japaneselawtranslation.go.jp/law/detail_main/?printID=ky=workre=02page=18vm=03id=100

So this is very confusing. 




 The OP mentioned in a post that it's just an office, and the boss said they could have whatever food they wanted. 




 Pneumonia, sepsis, appendicitis, and I'm sure my precancerous cervical cells would have turned into cancer very fast. 




 Fatpersonhate subscriber here! I've always admitted we're being assholes.

But I enjoy it so. 




 I knew my boyfriend trusted me when he left his phone unlocked around me.

I never touched it. 




 His name is actually John. 




 I will *never* work 80 hour weeks. Hell, I won't work 50 hour weeks. 40 is my limit. If all you do is work, what's the point to living? 




 Did you read OP's message in the forum? It's a public office, and the boss has said they're allowed to bring whatever food they want.

OP's coworkers are trying to make everyone follow their rules but they don't own the office. 




 Jews don't believe in Heaven or Hell, to my knowledge. 




 This is an office, not a religious institution. If they are that worried about other employees not keeping kosher, they can go work somewhere religiously affiliated. 

His coworkers have no right to tell him what he can have at lunch. He has just as much right to eat whatever they want as they do. 




 I'd openly eat pork really loudly in front of him. 




 Damn it, mine never get that big and beautiful! 




 This should be something you can call the humane society for. 




 Farm animal are exempt from a lot of animal cruelty laws, sadly. 




  The vast majority of southern soldiers had no slaves

Common misconception. 1/3 of households had at least 1 slave, as shown in the 1860 census.  




 And Germany should proudly hang up a Nazi flag for every dead Nazi! 




 "Meanwhile, the National Park Service, administered by the U.S. Department of the Interior, asks us 'Please Do Not Feed the Animals.' Their stated reason for the policy is because 'The animals will grow dependent on handouts and will not learn to take care of themselves,'" it said.

Not a good comparison. First, make sure the animals in the woods have very little food between them and the smaller ones are often left with nothing.

Then it becomes more accurate. 




 Even Umbridge was an interesting character. 




 Much like when men had to protect women and tell them what to think for their own good, right? 




