 Blue Yian Kut-Ku (Lv. 90)
Weapon Bias SA, CB, IG
Tri Series F (Waist)

Yian Kut-Ku (Lv. 90)
Weapon Bias GS/LS
Freedom Series D (Head)

Kirin (Lv. 120)
Weapon Bias GS/LS
Original Series B (Arms)


Gathering Hall ID: 14-8649-6233-8143
PIN: 2552
 




 I'm near that area and looking to adopt a cat! Let me know if any of them need a home! :) 




 Same happened and I had the game drop completely as if it never existed after trying to get into with the 'firewall bug'. Thankfully it was ARAM, but since then I've tried to play and the game keeps randomly failing to register mouse clicks and keystrokes for seconds at a time. 




 Just happened to me too around the same time and less than a minute into an ARAM. Couldn't reconnect due to a 'firewall issue'. Log in again and the game has disappeared as if it never existed. :\ 




 You are literally living my dream. I'm about to start my second year of law school and am still trying to edge my way into the video game industry. What sort of interning experience does a video game attorney have while in school? Is this what you expected to do when you were still studying? 




 Back when I worked at a lab, we used to splash a bit of listerine on donated human cadavers while they were thawing to make them smell a little more bearable for surgeons in training. Whenever I smell listerine now, I associate it with corpses and feel sick.

deadbodiesinmymouthpleaseno. 




 OP, did you end up finding an Eevee? I've bred several from the ones I caught in your Safari if you're still interested. Most have the hidden ability and 3-5 perfect IVs. 




 Added, info is in flair!

Also, if you need Eevee, I can trade you a caught Eevee from your own safari. 




 Added you. My information is in the flair. :3 




 Add me and I'll add back -- leave your friend code in the comments. In particular, I'm looking for someone who would have Eevees in their safari. 




 Also remember to turn off internet because O-bond expiration notifications will interrupt the walking. 




