 What type of conversations do you have with people? Like, what do you and a given caller typically talk about? How personal does it get? 




 I agree with the OP. I feel like, for a lot of people, being in a relationship could be a cure for their mental/emotional ills. It's something we all want (we're hardwired that way by nature), but I think non-FAs lose sight of how valuable relationships are because they don't struggle to find one. 




  People who are in relationships will blame their partners, or their relationship for being shit.

Not always. I've always been a FA, but the last relationship I was in actually made me happy even though it was horrendously unhealthy. 




 Forever alone: Protects more than a condom ever could. 




 What kind of meetup, exactly?

You should also try going to clubs/bars/parties/etc. That might not be comfortable for you (I'm the same way), but it could be the lesser of two evils. 




  as he was choking her

You crazy kids with your erotic asphyxiation. 




 Figure I'd chime in on why people are downvoting you. It's probably because that line isn't one that's specific to any character Johnny Cage faces. He says that to everyone in the game, but this thread is about quotes that can only happen during specific matchups. 




 Cut her a break. She's a blonde. 




  Johnny Cage vs. Jax (possibly not unique) "That's enough, big guy"

I think that one is probably unique, since it wouldn't work against female characters, and I don't believe that the quotes change based on the gender of the opponent (they're either generic or apply to the opponent only). 




  and Jax ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

Jacqui also has a thing for Johnny Cage apparently (based on intro dialogue).

Somebody likes older men. 




 Then what is it? I don't mind being corrected-- that's how I learn. 




 [I added a section on the MKX Quotes page of TV Tropes for "unique mid-fight one-liners."](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Quotes/MortalKombatX)

Thought you guys might be interested in seeing this, and possibly adding to it or posting quotes in this thread that others can add to the TV Tropes page. 




 This quote seems to contradict the idea that people can change the world. That's kind of a downer. 




 Congrats, bro. How'd you two meet? 




 Why did this comment got downvoted as much as it did? Did I offend anyone? I apologize if I did-- that wasn't my intent. 




 They didn't do anything about it?

Dick move. 




 Sorry to hear that. Hope things are better now.

I assume they didn't know you weren't eating? But wouldn't your vital signs tell them that you were malnourished?

I can't imagine they just let you not eat. 




  I think they should have been nicer to a minor who was taken away from home forcefully and all alone.

Fair enough.

 I didn't eat anything for 15 days.

How the hell...? 




  Every other time I went to a hospital the nurses were nice and helpful but in the psych ward they were hostile.

Well, that's understandable at the very least though, right? They might deal with people who are literally insane on a semi-regular basis.

And if you didn't eat their food, what did you eat? 




 You've tried dating sites, Reddit... what else? 




 It's funny, because my go-to pickup line is to TELL a woman (jokingly) that she's out of my league, and that that's the reason I'm talking to her.

Makes em laugh every time. 




  So when a doctor or nurse ask you "do you have depression or thoughts of suicide?", now why would anyone admit to that?

I was the one who told my doctor that I might be depressed. It was because I wanted help. That's a good reason to admit to it, I think.

 I could be "happy" like a "normal" person if my situation improves but the odds are going against my favor.

But until your situation does improve, you have to consider yourself depressed IMO. Even if it's just your situation that causes it, as long as you're still in that situation, you're depressed. 




 What's that like? I've only been to a psych ward once, and seeing what it's like (like how the bathroom doors open both ways and can't be locked, or seeing people literally tied down to their beds) seriously caught me off guard.

I was just there because I drank a little too much. 




  The doctor gets a nurse to be your girlfriend?

That'd be amazing.

He just calls her into the room and leaves you both alone.

"So... you come here often?" 




 "Being short is always an unattractive trait" isn't the same as "Everyone who's short is unattractive and undateable."

Everybody has something about them that's unattractive. You can have an unattractive quality (like lack of height) and still be attractive. But when you dismiss someone as "too unattractive to date" based on the fact that they're only *three or four inches shorter than the average*, you're a dumbass or you're the pickiest person on Earth. 




 Amen 




 You sure she wasn't replying to her friend saying something along the lines of "He's cute/hot"?

I imagine seeing a man do something masculine like boxing would be a turn-on. 




 I don't think it's about how a woman feels about her own height. I think it's about tall people being intimidating, which implies that they're better protectors, which women look for in men (and some are desperate for it).

It's an animal instinct (being tall does not inherently make you any more capable of defending another person), but so are many of our rules for attractiveness. 




 My best friend is 5'8, and he constantly tells me how jealous he is of my height, and how important it is to women. He even hooked me up with this one girl who apparently raved (to him) about how tall I am (it lasted like two dates-- wasn't into her).

Despite that, no one has actually said to ME that they're attracted to my height. I feel confused. 




  Height is such a huge factor for women it's insane.

Sure doesn't feel like it. 6'3 Forever-Aloner here. 




  I'm 5'6 and I don't feel like a tiny guy. I'll make it work.

Perseverance and self-confidence. That's attractive. 




 Right, that's my point. They exist, and this one in particular is hot, so yeah, there are hot women who don't care about guys being tall.

Heck, I see a few women say that as long as a guy is taller than she is, it's fine.

Me being 6'3 is clearly not giving me some instantaneous advantage. 




 Actually, no. I asked his girlfriend and she said I'm more handsome than he is.

Also, I think 5'10 is average for adult males in America. 




 Probably the fact that you have to work a lot harder than other people to get what everybody wants.

"No, dude! Just think of it like you're dating on Hard mode!"

... *no*. Fuck that analogy. You can change the difficulty with the touch of a button in a video game, not life. 




  Hell I'm short at 5'2 so why should I care whether a guy is tall/short?

Well, in all fairness, "tall" is relative. "Tall" to you could be 5'10, whereas some women, as seen in the OP's screencap, will not go for under 6'0 under any circumstances. 




 It *is* shallow. It's one thing to say that being short is unattractive, but to say you'd never be anything other than friends with a short guy is outrageous.

I bet if [insert famous short person] showed up at the door, these bitches would throw their panties at him. 




 Me: 6'3. Best friend: 5'8.

Me: Forever alone. Best friend: Has been with the girl of his dreams for like six years.

So... there's hope, shorter guys? 




 Indoorsy man seeks the company of indoorsy woman

More specifically, tall (6'3) African-American male with a slim build and a great (if not sometimes dry) sense of humor would love to meet someone to spend time with. We can cuddle on the couch (who's a big fan of physical affection? This guy) and watch a movie, play video games, watch TV, or even just talk. I'm definitely open to the idea of starting a serious relationship, and if you'd like to know what I look like, I can gladly PM you a pic.

I have my own place in Yeadon and can host or come to you.

Let's have some fun. :) 




 Reminds of that one American Dad episode with a random gag at the beginning where Stan and Francine rush to answer the door when the bell rings.

* Francine: You opened it last time! Cup check! [backhands Stan in the nads]
* Stan: OW! ... punk! [falls] 




 I work at the University of Pennsylvania, so I'm off during the summer, which gives me a lot of free time. I live in Delaware County (Darby/Yeadon area) right outside of Southwest Philadelphia. I can host or come to you.

Whatever your preference, I'm sure we can make it work. We can be movie buddies, gaming buddies, or even friends with benefits if that's your speed. I also wouldn't mind meeting someone with whom I can start a relationship (if you'd like to know what I look like, I'll gladly PM you a pic).

I will say that I'm definitely an inside person, so my personal preference is someone who doesn't mind staying in and spending time with someone.

If interested, please form a neat, single-file line. One at a time; no cuts. :-) 




  If you had a girlfriend, would you be able to overcome your social anxiety to visit her and go places with her?  And would you be able to handle kids if she wanted them?

I've done both in the past (dated a single mom). I think I could handle it. 




  But it is better to be happy than alive

I don't believe the two are mutually exclusive. 




  I also agree that in the vast majority of cases, it would take some tremendous luck to find someone who would be willing to accept and support you. However is it impossible to find such a person? Not quite.

I wouldn't know where to begin looking, though. I'm not a social person at all. 




  The whole concept of getting over anxiety feels like a paradox in itself: it's like saying jumping into a fire will cure a burn. I can imagine my counselor correcting me and saying it's more like jumping into a fire wearing a flame-resistant suit (the flame-resistant suit being the skills they taught me), but it still seems counter-intuitive because why the hell would I want to jump into a fire in the first place?

Very poignant.

 Although I won't deny that it works, since I have gotten comfortable doing things that have become routine.

Things that you struggled to get done before?

 What are you willing to compromise, and what is worth walking through razor wire for?

Honestly... as sad as it is, nothing, except maybe a girlfriend. I'd at least consider it, but only if I thought there was at least a somewhat decent chance of success.

I was thinking about going to a bar tonight to try my luck, but I keep having doubts. If little things upset me, it'll *really* suck if (when) I get rejected. 




  My only idea is to maybe interact with some animals. If you feel up to it, maybe getting a cat

I actually do have a cat. I've had her for about a year, and I absolutely love her. She loves me too-- I have the scars to prove it.

Petting and holding that little furball does make me feel better sometimes, but it doesn't do a lot for my emotional state overall. 




 If I could condense all the conversations I've had with people trying to help me get over my depression/anxiety (and/or trying to motivate me), it'd go something like this:

* Me: I'm really depressed, and I have terrible anxiety.
* Them: You should talk to your doctor or go see a therapist/psychiatrist
* Me: I tried that many times. It never worked very well, and in some cases it made my situation worse.
* Them: You should keep trying, though.
* Me: I would, but my mental health has gotten so bad recently that I can barely do anything without feeling as if I'm going to have a nervous breakdown/panic attack. I'm emotionally sensitive to almost everything.
* Them: But you have to be willing to take that risk.
* Me: No, it's not worth it. Talking about my problems hasn't helped for the last four years I've been trying it and prescription medication has been a colossal failure. I'm not going to go out of my way to possibly compromise my mental state to try something that repeatedly fails.
* Them: There's nothing you can think of that can put you in a state of mind where you could maybe handle taking that risk?
* Me: Maybe if I had a girlfriend or something. Before I moved out, my dad always told me I was visibly much happier when I was with someone.
* Them: You can't think of *anything* else? Nothing else makes you happy enough that it can mitigate your emotional vulnerability?
* Me: Not really.
* Them: So go find a girlfriend.
* Me: But I need psychological stability and/or emotional willpower to get a girlfriend. And I need a girlfriend to get psychological stability and/or emotional willpower. I'm trapped in a Catch 22.

And then at that point, we just go in circles. People always tell me I'm too negative, that I worry too much, that I make excuses to not do things (namely the "I won't risk a panic attack" excuse), and that I have too many "Yeah, but" responses to their suggestions.

When I tell them that maybe they're wrong, that I'm not making excuses, and that maybe it really isn't worth it for me to actually try what they suggest, they call bullshit and imply (or sometimes outright say) that I'm being or acting weak and that I could easily do it if I just did it.

Basically, if someone could convince me that I'm wrong, and that I *could* just do it if I wanted to, that'd be cool. Or if someone could give me advice other than "just do it," that would be fine, too.

Also, one more thing, just so you don't think I'm being completely baseless-- I went to get a haircut this morning, and the barber I go to is a cool dude. I called his cell to see if he had opened yet, and he sort of curtly asked "Who's this?" That alone had a strong (negative) emotional effect on me, as if I thought my world was going to come crashing down around me because he used a bit of a tone with me before he even knew it was me on the phone. I still have that "Tears welling up" feeling from when that happened (which I experience often), but I haven't actually cried (although it feels like I should be, I guess).

That's pretty much what I deal with regularly. Any small, seemingly meaningless occurrence can take a profound toll on my emotional state.

I like to compare it to hemophilia, where a small cut can cause a person to bleed profusely because their blood doesn't clot (I think that's how it works). And the thing is, whenever I do anything other than just sit in my room doing nothing, I feel like I'm walking through razor wire (and that's no exaggeration, I promise). 




 He should really get some money out if he's going to use the ATM anyway.

Those "check balance" fees sometimes cost... an arm and a leg...

I'll... I'll see myself out. 




 Maybe I should have said "a formal date"? Going out to eat, going to the movies... that's what I meant. 




 Why are you afraid you will lose contact with her? 




 You're welcome, and good luck :) 




 Hold on to those calming thoughts.

And if you need someone to talk to, you can PM me if you'd like. 




 If you're confident that he loves you (and make sure you mean the word "love"), I think you should have no fears about him leaving you because of your problems.

To me, if you love someone, you don't leave them over something like this. You help them get through it, which would make your relationship stronger. I can almost guarantee that true love (at least as I see it) is strong enough to conquer your problems. 




  It's bad enough I end up crying to him weekly about something

No, that's not bad. That's what a partner does-- support you when you can't support yourself. You two are a team. Your problems are his and vice versa.

I think you should have a long, in-depth talk with him about how you're feeling. 




 My strategy with tasks that are intimidating is to break them down into smaller, non-intimidating tasks.

If you have to write a 12-page paper, focus on each page as if it was its *own* paper. Doing that 12 times might seem like a lot, but if you take breaks and don't overexert yourself, I think it can work. 




  I have no friends that I can talk to on a deeper level

What about your boyfriend? 




  I shower.

FRAUD!

:-P 




 *[crying]*

... how come he don't want me, man? 




 John Cena is the mother who constantly showers the child with positivity, tells them that they can be whatever they want when they grow up, and lets them believe in fairy tales for as long as they want.

Kevin Owens, meanwhile, is the asshole father with the "grim realist" attitude who doesn't want his kid to walk around thinking the whole world is sunshine and gumdrops. Life sucks and then you die. Period.

And, like a good asshole father, he doesn't even spend a lot of time trying to properly explain these things to the child. He just mocks the mother in an attempt to make her feel bad about herself and give in to his viewpoints. 




 So the lesson here is that unless you're practicing literally 24 hours a day, you're not practicing enough. 




 When my son took his first steps, I tripped him! 









 Cuddling over a good movie/television show would be great for me right now.

PM me if interested. Will send a pic.

Thanks. :-) 




  what Bryan did for Connor literally kept him alive a lot longer.

I don't wanna be that guy, and I see the downvotes coming already, but come on. You have no way of knowing this. 









  An advantage of +10 means that you will recover and be able to act 10 frames before the opponent is out of block stun.

Okay, but if that's the case, then what's Hit Advantage? 




 I've watched videos and perused threads, but I still don't really get it. One thing in particular that confuses me is Block Advantage.

If I understand correctly, a -10 Block Advantage would mean that it takes 10 frames for you to be able to do anything if the attack in question is blocked. If that's the case, what does a Block Advantage of, for example, +10 mean?

And how can certain moves that don't actually attack the opponent (such as Erron Black's "Stand Off" stance or Jason's various power-up moves) have any block advantage at all, positive or negative? They can't be blocked. Same with throws, as they can't be blocked, either. 









 And I bet it's not a coincidence that it involved Shawn Michaels. 









 I feel like another good defensive tip is to constantly move, especially if you have a character who's better from a distance (Erron Black, my main, is a good example). Use back dashes, jumps, environment-assisted jumps, tech rolls, delayed wakeups, and any special moves that give you space. Just standing there and blocking, even if you're good at blocking by itself, can still get you punished by mix-ups, cross-ups, etc.

A moving target is always harder to hit than a stationary one. Of course, don't jump around like a cracked-addicted frog, because you can't block in the air. Also, learn how your opponent reacts to jumping and how they attempt to punish it, and adjust accordingly. 




 I really don't have any specific requirements for the voice work-- I will say that I'd prefer an American or British accent, but I'll be grateful towards any and all who are kind enough to volunteer.

Here's a sample of the script for anyone who wants to give it a shot:

*While not of good vs evil, make no mistake... this IS a war...*

*East vs West... offense... vs defense...*

*This is a war of superhuman proportions...*

*Are you ready?*

Thanks in advance. 




 Elaborate for those who aren't familiar? 




  They gave you Klonopin? I'd suggest staying off it until you really need it.

Sadly, nothing else has worked. Or at least it felt that way until recently. I'd kill to go back to how I felt a few months ago, back when I thought that whatever I was taking "wasn't working." 




 I envy you. 




 I always try to think of life as a plate of your favorite food. Think about this the next time you treat yourself to a meal you love, and think about life the way you think of the meal.

When you sit down to eat something you love, you don't think about how you're going to feel when the food is gone. By the time you finish eating, the fact that there's no more food isn't a problem, because you've had your fill. You don't want or need any more, so an empty plate doesn't bother you.

I like to think that life is the same way. That by the time we die, for those lucky enough to make it to be 60, 70, or even older, that life has given us all we want and we'll no longer fear the idea of dying. That we'll feel fulfilled and that this idea will make it easier to accept the inevitability of death.

[Lately, I'm not feeling that way](http://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/336by3/i_have_no_idea_what_to_do_with_my_life_right_now/), and it's really bothering me. All I can think about is dying and what it'll be like to fall into eternal oblivion. It's to the point that I have anxiety about going to sleep, because I'm afraid I won't wake up and that scares the Hell out of me.

What do you guys think about this...? 




 My primary care physician and his RN are complete fuck-ups. I'm taking Klonopin that they prescribed for depression. Being that it's a controlled substance, I was told that I can only call in the refill, at the most, a couple of days before I actually need it. This leaves a very small margin error on the part of the physician.

My doctor chooses to handle this margin error by doing the following-- telling me that I need to either come in for an appointment or see a psychologist to continue getting refills on Klonopin, and not discussing any type of strategy involving titrating the drug due to complications that are occurring right now with my having to get a new insurance plan and having to switch (or, as I'd put it, "be liberated from") my current doctor.

I was due for a refill three weeks ago and STILL haven't gotten it, because my psychologist can't be reached through phone at all.

So now, here's the situation. I'm barely making minimum wage, doing a job I hate but can't leave, and I feel like killing myself at almost all times because of this, AND because of the fact that I was forced to stop taking Klonopin cold turkey for almost a month. News flash: That leads to ugly side effects, like suicidal ideation.

I'm trapped. I can't quit this job because of how long it took for me to get any position. At the same time, I'm not sure I can keep it because I'm probably going to have a mental breakdown sooner rather than later.

Any advice would be much appreciated. 









 When I see that it's getting dark and look at the clock and realize it's late, I feel anxious. When I get in bed, I feel more anxious. When I actually try to go to sleep, I get extremely anxious.

Any advice? 




 Me Brock Lesnar! Here come da pain!

God build me strong! ... forget to give me brain. 




 Much appreciated. 




 I sent him a message, but I'm curious, why did you link to his page? 




 [SLRep](http://www.reddit.com/r/GCXRep/comments/2m1ltx/urayap19_gcx_rep_profile/)

Nobody wanted to do it when I offered $5, then $10, so I decided to offer a base pay of $15, which is definitely negotiable.

Here's what I need done:

-Download [this Dolph Ziggler CAW](http://i.imgur.com/XEqt0r4.png) (just make sure it's one with black trunks and blue/white design, white wrist tape, no elbow pads, and black boots/knee pads). If you're on Xbox One, this exact CAW should be easy to find if you search for "Ziggler" and sort by "Most downloaded."

-Use this CAW in My Career until you get to the feud with Brock Lesnar, which should start with [this cutscene](https://youtu.be/cWVgCOxZjgU?t=31s). When that happens, record that initial cutscene where Lesnar's music interrupts you after your match and upload it or send it to me in at least 720p quality.

-One final note: I know that it would probably be difficult to start recording the cutscene before Lesnar's music even hits, so just try to start capturing the video once you hear his music during that first cutscene. I need at least that first cutscene to start no later than when Lesnar is on the stage. **Also, make sure you have captions/subtitles turned OFF.** This is important.

That's pretty much it. Anyone who wants this job, PM me.

Also, I know this probably seems like a weird task, but it's for a video.

Thanks, guys. 




 This thread is also a good example of my being right about the abuse of downvoting. 




  Its rude to put your elbows on the table, just like its bad to misuse downvotes. But its not a rule

Fair enough. You got me there. 




  People can vote how they want to.
 
 
 
 Is it abusing the voting system to write in Spider Man for president? Maybe. Does it matter? No

That's completely different. People CAN'T "vote how they want." When you sign up for a Reddit account, you agree to only downvote under such-and-such conditions.

There's no such law against voting for Spider-Man in a presidential election. 




 That's understandable. I just think something should be done about the abuse of the downvote system by the users. 




 It's for a video. 




 People clearly downvote things that don't violate any of Reddit's "Downvote this post/thread if..." rules. It's an abhorrently abused feature, and I think it should be done away with. It's not fair to people who post things that are perfectly within the bounds of Reddiquette and rules, but a group of people (for lack of better terminology) have a stick up their collective ass and decide to downvote out of spite. 




 Long story. 




 I know the following (if I'm incorrect, please let me know):

* Flying Swallow technique
* All throw moves
* Blood Rain combo (Eclipse Scythe)

I ask about the invincibility because that can be used to mitigate the enemy's attacks when you're being overwhelmed by the sheer number of enemies or certain attacks that aren't completely blockable (like incendiary shurikens-- I FUCKING HATE INCENDIARY SHURIKENS... lol).

Thanks, guys. 




 Quick heads-up: I prefer to play 12-minute quarters in NBA 2K15, with Simulation sliders on Hall-of-Fame difficulty. I can be talked out of it if it's really a big deal to you, but that's definitely my preference.

Gamertag: Ray AP9

Hit me up! 




  Trust me, moving around helps!

That's sort of the problem. I can't *help* but move around. I'm constantly fidgeting, pacing back and forth across the room, getting up from my computer chair, sitting back down, getting back up, rinse repeat. On top of that, I have an absolutely terrible feeling in the pit of my stomach.

I'm not having fun, as you can imagine. 




  Depends on what triggers your anxiety and how it manifests itself.

My anxiety is constant. I'm restless, can't sit still, can't concentrate, etc. 




 I've been told to try breathing exercises (don't really work for me), masturbation (meh), exercise (doesn't work for me), etc.

Anyone have any suggestions? Maybe something that's worked for you or someone you know?

Thanks. 









 What would they do for me? Give me electroshock therapy? I'm already on prescription medications and seeing a therapist once a week, so I don't see what a mental hospital could do for me right now except overcharge me for my visit. 




 Here's what I need done:

-Download [this Dolph Ziggler CAW](http://i.imgur.com/XEqt0r4.png) (just make sure it's one with black trunks and blue/white design, white wrist tape, no elbow pads, and black boots/knee pads). If you're on Xbox One, this exact CAW should be easy to find if you search for "Ziggler" and sort by "Most downloaded."

-Use this CAW in My Career until you get to the feud with Brock Lesnar, which should start with [this cutscene](https://youtu.be/cWVgCOxZjgU?t=31s). When that happens, record every cutscene that occurs during the feud and upload it or send it to me in at least 720p quality.

-One final note: I know that it would probably be difficult to start recording the cutscene before Lesnar's music even hits, so just try to start capturing the video once you hear his music during that first cutscene. I need at least that first cutscene to start no later than when Lesnar is on the stage. **Also, make sure you have captions/subtitles turned OFF.** This is important.

That's pretty much it. Anyone who wants this job, PM me.

Also, I know this probably seems like a weird task, so if you want to know the specifics, feel free to ask. 




 I can't do anything right now, though. I'm so depressed, for a reason I'm 99% sure is the main cause, that I feel like I'm on the verge of a mental breakdown at all times.

I sort of feel that way normally, but right now it's exponentially worse. It doesn't interfere with living my life at other times, but now I can't function at all. I don't know if it would be justified for me to call an emergency line, though. I've been this way for days and it doesn't feel like it's going to remit or get better any time soon. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9i3-mxXbxQQ 




 TIL.

-"The More You Know" rainbow-

Seriously though, learning stuff is always better than being misinformed. 




 The look on Punk's face after he looks up from his cell phone is what makes this so great. 




 "The Rock thanks you for that." 




 I still don't understand that. Was Brock high or something? _ 




 "You have become... THE NEW YORK YANKEES!" 




 Memorable and unique lines (i.e., they weren't repeated and aren't catchphrases) that were part of a great promo. 




 I swear I've looked ten times and can't find the option to change it anywhere. 




 He's also brawled against John Cena and was clearly the better of the two. Not even Biker Undertaker could say that against the younger, less experienced Cena. 




 With Lesnar returning and bringing his MMA training with him, has Undertaker lost his unofficial title as the best WWE striker of all time? 









 *One of the game-day rules for the Bears and Ravens -- and I would imagine any mentally tough team -- is that there are no long sleeves allowed under your jersey. That reinforces a mentally tough state of mind and it also is used as an intimidator to the opposing team, like a gorilla pounding on his chest in jungle saying "look at me I don't need sleeves in the cold."*

Article written by [Brendon Ayanbadejo](http://espn.go.com/nfl/player/stats/_/id/4777/brendon-ayanbadejo), former member of both the Chicago Bears and Baltimore Ravens. 









  I think that makes sense.

Unless it's Shawn Michaels _ 




 His spot wasn't stolen. Rowan was never officially in the Royal Rumble, nor was Axel. 




 There's no evidence in kayfabe of Stardust and Eden dating, so we can't assume it's true.

We can only go by what we see on WWE programming. 




 Small foreign objects can be hidden almost anywhere on any wrestler's attire. Plus, it's not like the vest can conceal the fact that he's carrying, say, a sledgehammer or something.

And as of now, Roman Reigns has shown no indication of using his vest to hide foreign objects, so there's no reason to take action yet. 




 It generally doesn't hurt to land on another wrestler's abdomen because it's one of the softest areas of the body-- there's mostly just fat and muscle there as opponent to bone or tendon.

It definitely hurts to land on another wrestler's knees, or even sometimes his elbow/forearm.

Also, ask RVD. 




 It takes tremendous concentration and focus to summon a lightning bolt, which would leave Undertaker open to an attack from his opponent.

Either that, or it's in his contract. A "No supernatural powers" clause that applies even in matches with a no-disqualification stipulation. Same goes for Kane. 




 Not sure if making joke about name of the move or not... 




 Chillin. 




 Perhaps Rollins was reprimanded behind closed doors. Had he actually gone through with it, I'm almost positive that (in kayfabe), he would have been SEVERELY punished. 




 Because there's no set schedule for WWE (like how the entire season of games in the NBA, NFL, MLB, and NHL are created ahead of time), so if a wrestler is discovered to have cheated, they can simply give a rematch to his opponent, strip him of the title, or take some other action.

Plus, it implores referees to pay more attention and make sure they see everything, instead of being "bailed out" by instant replay. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/comments/2yjq7h/lets_play_a_game_you_name_an_occurrence_that/

I did this for fun and thought it went over well. Other people even got involved with the explanations, which I thought was very cool. For those who don't want to/can't click the link above, here's the basic idea:

*Example:*

*Q- Triple H covers the head of the sledgehammer with his hand when he uses it. This is to protect the other wrestler, as he's known to use a real sledgehammer, and striking someone full force with a metal hammer would be incredibly dangerous. But why would he do this in kayfabe?*

*A- Triple H covers the head of the sledgehammer when he hits other wrestlers with it so that he can control it better. Using one hand to guide the hammer itself ensures that he makes full contact, and it would still hurt anyway with his hand covering it.*

Go ahead. Ask me anything at all and I'll do my best to explain it in a logical fashion, as if pro wrestling was a non-scripted, competitive sport.

Also, other people explaining aren't just welcomed-- they're allowed. 














 I never thought that any of these could be the underlying cause (although in hindsight, it seems obvious, since so many gamers are prone to rage-outs; don't believe me, just search YouTube :P). I'm definitely gonna check those articles out. 




  I mean there is no point doing it if you are **an already trained individual** looking to increase CV performance.

Ah. Which I'm not.

I gotcha. Much thanks for the advice. 




  I'd get a pull up bar and a dip bar and use them to help your strength.

Why's that? I figured nobody would recommend any strength training since cardio training and strength training are different (as far as I knew).

Just a question for the purpose of learning. 




 I appreciate this advice, but I don't want to (no disrespect) just run away to a community that will coddle me when I feel bad for losing. I want to get rid of that feeling. It's just a video game. I know this. Anyone reading this knows this.

My brain does not know this. 




 First of all:

_Hi! Welcome to Fittit! You're going to love it here._

_We saw you coming and have collected answers to your questions **[right here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/wiki/index)**._

_Welcome!_

Thank you for that warm welcome :D

Now, my physical specs:

* Height: 6'4
* Weight: 160 lbs
* Sex: Male
* Age: 26

* Potentially hindering physical disorders: [Severe Crohn's Disease](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crohn%27s_disease)

* Smoke/drink: No to both

* History of diet/exercise: Very little. Nothing serious or worth mentioning, as it was simply things I tried on my own and had no idea what I was doing.

* Access to gym: No


Goals: I'm currently unemployed and thus terribly inactive from a physical perspective. My cardio is terrible, and it needs to improve if I want to succeed at any job that doesn't involve sitting down for 8 hours a day.

I don't have access to a gym, but I do have tons of free time and access to an exercise bike.

I'm not weak as far as physical strength, but I can't do heavy lifting or pretty much anything that involves standing/moving perpetually for longer than 10 or 20 minutes without feeling extremely winded. **I want to be able to engage in at least moderate physical labor for 2 or more hours at a time without wanting to pass out.**

This is my first post on this sub, so I'm not sure if that's specific enough. I hope it is, but if not, please let me know and I'll provide any additional information that's required.

Thank you. 




 This is actually a really good idea, and I went with this. Loophole rental. Heh. 




 But it's apparently not real to the serial downvoters in this thread 




 :-( 




 Wow. Very impressive.

TIL. 




 So am I, apparently. 









 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhnUgAaea4M 




 I never said it was any different than any of those things. The reason I didn't make a thread about those occurrences is because they didn't happen two days ago. 




 It looked like he was trying to be serious, bringing up constitutional rights and such. That's the only reason I gave it any more thought than "lol cena" 




  I know in WWE people fight over the stupidest shit all the time

 




 There are people whose job it is to deliver repercussions if they see fit. We don't need Cena to be a patriotic vigilante. 




 I might get a lot of hate for this, but the first person that came to mind is Randy Orton. He's come a LONG way, especially as a talker, and his in-ring acumen (mostly his psychology) has always been underrated in my opinion, and was on point since his Evolution days. 




 I know in WWE people fight over the stupidest shit all the time (not to say that what Cena fought Rusev over was stupid, but that far less logical things have started major brawls)-- the only reason I bring up the legal ramifications is because Cena pretty much told Rusev "The first amendment says you can say what you want (with the obvious exceptions, clear and present danger, etc). But I'm gonna kick your ass if you exercise that right and say bad stuff about America."

Am I missing something? 




 WWE 2K15 









 I just want to rent one game and I don't think an entire rental subscription is worth it. I've already had a free trial with GameFly, which is why I said that's not an option.

Thanks. 




 I just want to rent one game and I don't think an entire rental subscription is worth it. I've already had a free trial with GameFly, which is why I said that's not an option.

Thanks. 




 Made an edit to the OP 




 Let's just get this inevitable answer out of the way-- "Because he never defends it, lololololololol."

Seriously, though. It's really weird.

**EDIT:** For the record (not sure if people realize this), they only edit out the word "defending." That's what I'm talking about. 




  Is that just their sadistic heelery?

Exactly right. It shows how vicious the wrestler is. Also, if we assume this theory is true, we can also assume that wrestlers who break limbs are fined behind closed doors (although some punishments in this regard are aired during the shows). 




 When he says things, *you fucking believe it.* Which is hilariously counterintuitive, since hi character is that of a compulsive liar.

When he said, and I quote, "If anybody has it in their heads to pull a Montreal Screwjob for the title at WrestleMania, my client assures any single person involved in a Montreal scenario will NOT. LEAVE. THAT. STADIUM. **_ALIVE!!!!!!_**"

I was legitimately scared for the safety of anyone who would potentially try that.

 




 A- Because, for lack of better terminology, wrestlers care about winning more on PPVs than on weekly shows, with certain exceptions that will support this theory.

During Kane's "Mask vs Title" match against Triple H, he showed the level of durability that he had during his first match with Undertaker at WrestleMania, which was far more than he was known for at the time of the match on Raw.

All of Evolution interfered. Triple H used a sledgehammer. Kane took a serious beatdown, but refused to lose (in JR's words, "AIN'T NOTHIN GONNA BEAT KANE TONIGHT!"). The reason is because he *had* a reason to fight that much harder-- he did NOT want to unmask.

Regarding your example, it's one thing to lose on Raw or SmackDown, but on a PPV, usually when a title is on the line (as well as during a match with likely a bigger purse for the winner), you HAVE to win.

Basically, wrestlers fight harder to stay in a match (to kick out, withstand a submission longer, etc.) when they know that winning is more imperative.

Example: Angle traps you in the Anklelock during a standard singles match on Raw. Is it worth it to risk a broken ankle and possibly end your career for a match of such little magnitude? Probably not.

Is it worth it in a PPV match for the world championship? FUCK YES. 




 A- Climbing a ladder with multiple opponents who will all try to stop you if they can isn't a simple proposition. They have to make sure that no one is around to grab their leg or hit them with a ladder or a chair, so they take their time and glance around with each step they take up the ladder.

That's why wrestlers climb the ladder faster when they win, because the fact that the other wrestlers aren't in position to stop them gives them more confidence to climb faster, and those two factors result in reaching the title more quickly. 




 A- http://youtu.be/BP3LUVGZHB8?t=54s

Usually, the referee spends the time during the setup of the move, and the first three or four forearm clubs, imploring Sheamus to get his opponent off the ropes, THEN starts counting.

It's up to the referee to decide whether or not to start counting immediately or to give the wrestler a chance to relinquish the hold, and then count. Much like a referee won't start counting immediately after a wrestler leaves the ring or is thrown out of it. 




 Hey, that's my job. :-P

But that's a good answer. I don't think anything needs to be added. 




 A- Heh. I know this is just a joke, but I refuse to break kayfabe, so I'll answer seriously. Simply put, "Parts Unknown" is just a euphemism for "We have no fuckin clue where this guy came from." 




 A- My theory on the Undertaker:

Mark Calaway:Undertaker = Johnny Blaze:Ghost Rider

So, essentially, you could say "Why would a demonic bounty hunter have a job as a motorcycle stunt rider?" It's because (back to Calaway/Undertaker) one side of the entity is human, and the other is supernatural.

To further my theory on The Undertaker, I believe the official story is that, as children, Kane and Undertaker actually lived in a funeral parlor with Paul Bearer and a woman who may have been the mother of Kane or Undertaker. Kane was playing with fire, and accidentally burned it down, killing (so we thought) himself, and Paul Bearer's wife.

Mark Calaway should have died in that fire, but instead, he struck a deal with Satan and sold his soul to remain on Earth, in exchange for becoming "The Collector of Souls," The Undertaker. He's lived a double life for at least two decades.

That's why he wasn't nearly as successful, for example, in WCW as "Mean Mark Callous." He was just wrestling as *himself*. Then, to put it bluntly, he realized that he could use his Satanic powers as a professional wrestler, and the rest is history. This also explains why Biker Taker is less powerful and resilient than Deadman Undertaker-- because he broke away from his demonic alter ego and, again, simply wrestled as himself, without any aid from his supernatural alter ego.

Bray Wyatt? [Bray Wyatt IS Husky Harris.](https://twitter.com/WWEBrayWyatt/status/291735362601107458) He's been possessed by a demonic force, which is quite possibly the devil himself, an incarnation of Satan, or maybe the Anti-Christ.

"I hear you like to call yourself the devil’s favorite demon. But you sir ARE NO DEMON! And the devil? No, man*. You ought to be careful of who you say these things in front of because you never know who might be listening."

"Pride has always been my favorite sin. It was pride that cast me down into this rotten world to walk amongst you." Sounds like the story of Satan being exiled from Heaven.

Aaaaaaaaand... [Bray Wyatt actually *speaking in tongues*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdAzGCw25x4 feature=youtu.be t=1m31s)

I asterisked "man" because Bray Wyatt has this cadence where he constantly uses the word as filler during his monologues. That's sort of an uncontrollable twitch he has, which comes out at times because Husky Harris' mind is still inside the body of Bray Wyatt.

The Bible also states that the Anti-Christ will bear bodily markings, which many have speculated to mean that he will be heavily tattooed. What's one (but not the only one) major difference between Bray Wyatt and Husky Harris? [Wyatt](http://static.sportskeeda.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/bray-wyatt-1781313.jpg) has FAR more tattoos than [Harris](http://www.allwrestlingsuperstars.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/husky-harris-pictures-09.jpg) did.

As well, in the Bible, it is said that long hair on a man is a sin. Nuff said.

ANYWAY... the point is that Husky Harris is a wrestler. Bray Wyatt is a demon. They co-exist in the same body, just like Mark Calaway and The Undertaker, using their human alter-egos, who are just normal men who wrestle professionally, to blend in with us.

As far as Breeze and Fandango, it's like Lesnar. Brock was on pace to be one of the most dominant, successful WWE wrestlers of all time (and still is, after his return), but left what was a good thing to pursue other ventures. Fandango uses "the art of dance" to improve as a wrestler (much like John Morrison used Parkour), and if Tyler Breeze is cocky enough to actually take selfies during matches, he probably thinks he can do anything he wants as a profession, including wrestling.

Phew. That's a mouthful. But worth it. 




 A- Because, as the wrestler playing "defense" in that situation, you're in more danger than the wrestler attempting to climb out. By chasing someone who's climbing the cage, you could easily fall off or be knocked back down into the ring, which is a looooong drop. Even if a "tug of war" ensues, the wrestler climbing usually has the advantage regarding who's more likely to get hurt.

The only reason they don't have more success when attempting to climb out is because they do so while their opponent is still able to stop them in plenty of time, but this is (mostly) intentional. It's like pinning in a normal match-- every pin isn't an attempt to win. It's to make your opponent use energy to kick out.

Just like every attempt to climb out of the cage isn't necessarily an attempt to actually win. You just want your opponent to chase you and possibly put himself in position to take a nasty fall. 




 Didn't see this before I typed up my response. This is essentially what I said, only longer _

-thumbs up- 




 Well, that'd be the non-kayfabe reason, although honestly, you could argue this as a kayfabe reason as well. Barring a move (such as a chair shot to the head) because it's too dangerous would make sense in and out of kayfabe. 




 A- They do scout. "At one point, I *know* Cena will hit me with two shoulder tackles in a row, but I *won't* be like everyone else and throw a wild punch after he does so."

But it doesn't work like that. By that point in the match, you've taken some punishment from an inhumanly strong street brawler, so thinking straight isn't a given. Cena hits you twice with his shoulder, and then he does nothing. What do you do? You attempt to mount your own offense (since you believe Cena is a sitting duck) as a counter. How do you do that most commonly? You throw a punch.

Cena baits his opponents into that punch by making them think they have an opening when he hesitates after the second shoulder block. That's why only the smartest wrestlers, such as CM Punk, have been able to counter this sequence. 




 A- I would disagree that Lesnar and Angle do so. Shawn Michaels and Kane have been in the Anklelock for more than two minutes before submitting, and Lesnar has applied the Kimura for nearly that long, which would be unheard of in other combat sports, such as MMA.

Why? Because, even though it's never said, unlike mixed martial artists, professional wrestlers will be fined and punished severely for breaking a limb, so they apply submissions with less force. The reason? Wrestlers perform multiple times a week-- MMA competitors do not perform nearly that often, so shattering an arm or leg does not nearly impact their roster the way it impacts a pro wrestling roster. 




 A- It's a surprise to us. It's not a surprise to the audio technicians. Whoever's returning has to pass through the backstage area, past the Gorilla Position, and up the stairs through the curtain, so it's not like they're completely incognito until the moment they come out. 




 A- Vince, as we all know, is an crazy old man who runs his professional sports organization FAR different than anyone else's. Have you ever SEEN a cameraman in a backstage locker room segment? They aren't cameramen-- they're cameras mounted on the walls. As for how the cameras move? Remote control from the production truck.

This one was the hardest so far, so it's a bit of a stretch. _

**EDIT:** Also, this is to imply that most backstage segments DO have cameramen. But when wrestlers want to have a discussion or such that they don't want seen/heard, they tell the cameraman to GTFO, but the wall-mounted cameras are still rolling. At that point, what the wall-mounted cameras record may or may not be shown on the show, and that's really their only hope to keep X wrestler from seeing/hearing what they're doing.

Essentially, Vince has a rule that all backstage goings-on will be recorded, and he'll decide what to air and what not to air. There may have been some nasty conspiring that's gone on in the past that we've never seen. 




 A- Some wrestlers do hold on to the ropes to stop their momentum when their opponent expects them to rebound and run back at them. As for why they don't just stop running before even reaching the ropes/turnbuckle-- it's probably extremely difficult to do so while being thrown by a human being the size of an apartment complex. Human feet don't have brake pads; if they tried to suddenly stop during an Irish Whip, they might very well just fall flat on their face, or at least stumble uncontrollably. 




 A- Ambrose (and other examples) liked the name of the move, but discovered a totally different move that they liked better. In Ambrose's case, it's made even more logical, since (if I recall correctly), his finisher was changed after he returned from "injury," implying that it was something he thought about while he was out. 




 A- As has been seen, it's somewhat easy to get one's hands up to mitigate the force of a chair shot to the head. A chair shot to the back is completely unblockable. 




 For example:

Q- Triple H covers the head of the sledgehammer with his hand when he uses it. This is to protect the other wrestler, as he's known to use a real sledgehammer, and striking someone full force with a metal hammer would be incredibly dangerous. But why would he do this in kayfabe?

A- Triple H covers the head of the sledgehammer when he hits other wrestlers with it so that he can control it better. Using one hand to guide the hammer itself ensures that he makes full contact, and it would still hurt anyway with his hand covering it.

Let's see how well this goes. 




 I suffer from anxiety and depression (am taking medication-- doesn't seem to be helping much), so it's really a little difficult to do anything that one would consider an enjoyable hobby (since both conditions can cultivate a significantly pessimistic attitude towards everything), but I try to push through it.

My favorite game to play online is Madden. When I win, I feel like amazing. I feel like I accomplished something great and that all my time practicing was worth it.

When I lose, putting a hole in my television feels imminent. I rarely feel as if I was outplayed (which may sound arrogant, but statistically, at least 90% of my games are played within a 1-2 point range-- I never get blown out), and if I do feel like I got outplayed, I hate myself for making such-and-such mistake that cost me the game.

It gets to the point where I have to take days off from playing the game because I know the positivity of winning isn't worth the risk of what losing entails. I don't want it to be that way.

Any advice?

Thanks. 




 For example, if I want a 1080p flatscreen TV, other Redditors can post links to websites that they know have good deals, or somewhere they know is having a sale on this product.

Thanks. 




 But did they feel disrespected if they were referred to as "Chad Johnson" or "Michael" respectively? 




 And give Mean Gene mad props. He acted like nothing had happened at all and finished out the segment while Booker facepalmed at himself. 




