 Your name says it all. 




 This subreddit is basicly c9 territory.  




 Yea you're right ofcourse but it just seems impossible to go. I mean i have 2 hours left until my bus leaves, basicly pulled an allnighter and my mom is also awake already telling me she will chop my head off if i don't go because she doesn't have enough money to pull me through all of this, which is true. Yet i'm convinced that i won't go. I really don't think i have the potential to be honest because right now im just acting like a self-destructive child who is also a big burden to his mom and whole family. Maybe i'm just still too egoistical... And i might not even care...fuck 




 Yea i know these random bursts of motivation just too well. However i don't really know how to use them yet. Sometimes i feel this motivation is only in my head and i somehow lack the physical energy to do something with it. But then again the lack of physical energy might also just be something that is not real and my brain just makes it up as an excuse so that i can be lazy and don't have to worry. But the fuck do i know, i'm by no means in a healthy psychological condition to judge myself correctly. 

Also best of luck to you. Hope you get that job. 




 I've not been watching the NA LCS but i always check the post match threads, and it seems like Gravity is storming through NA right now. Anybody who follows the scene closely is willing to tell me how they compare to Fnatic and some of the stronger LCK/LPL teams? 




 Common hype is fun. Let us dream a bit. :) 




 Fnatic are still a good team though and probably will perform decently at worlds, which is all that OP said. They obviously have extremely slim chances to win the whole thing with the top korean and chinese teams attending, and no one with a brain thinks otherwise. 




 I think you simply don't understand that kind of humor then. Have you ever watched an cabaret artist? They use insults, stereotypes and hypocrisy as jokes and people seem to get it. Saint has always been like this and it's very obviously just his kind of humor. I mean i'm from germany and also have some slight form of nationalism (aka german beer and cars are the best) but i still could grin about both statements saint made. 




