 Ohio, USA. Grime all day. 




 It seems like most of the 50+ yard TD's were actually underthrown and really only caught because the WR beat the DB coverage pretty badly. 

I could be being overly critical, but if your WR has a 5 yard lead on the DB, you should be able to hit him in stride on a 40 yard throw as a starting NFL quarterback. 




 Blink. Mek on Tide really isn't that great because he has a pretty trash mana pool. 




 The servers haven't functioned well for the past year and a half.  




 Yeah the servers are trash. Just got an hour ban for not connecting even though I finished a 60 minute game 5 minutes before queuing with zero issues. But as long as you keep giving Valve money for hats, why should they care about the quality of their servers? You rant and rave all day about how much Valve doesn't care about the quality of the game and only the money from cosmetics as you spend $10 on a set for a hero you barely play.

Idiots. 




 Just tried to join two games, unable to establish connection both times. 




 Unfortunately I cannot give gold for it, but I'd love to see an upvote gif made out of this. 




 All these comments and no mention of the MP5 from CoD4. Ah children. 




 I tried a game 30 minutes ago, was pinging over 500 the entire time when I'm usually sub 100.

Loading into one now, we'll see what happens. 




  That's still watching television, you fucking twit.

I don't own cable, directv, hulu, etc. If I want to watch a movie, I putlocker it. If I want to watch a TV series, I projectfreetv it. 

I'm pretentious for wanting to watch programming on my own schedule when I'm available, and not paying money for what is essentially half advertising being shoved down my throat?

Okay. 




  but I have never earned anything in my life.

Well, maybe you should give it all away, start from scratch and accomplish something difficult and time-consuming that you've always wanted to work for. Then at the end of it, you can look at whatever that might be, smile, and say "I did this."

If not, the aspirin thing isn't even going to work. It's actually really difficult to commit suicide by way of the aspirin/acetaminophen type of drugs. IF it even works, it'll take a good 6-10 hours of you experiencing severe liver failure and vomiting. It's not a quick process. 




 Hitler 




 I'd collect every alcoholic beverage and nicotine product in the world, create a monopoly by making sure I'm the only one distributing them, and become the richest man in the world/automatic world leader. 




 Unmotivated, Suicidal, Alone

I just want it all to end, but can't bring myself to put the work in to fix my situation, nor just kill myself. And I don't really have anyone to talk to about it. 




 Told a cop he cock blocked me when he busted up this party we were throwing because of a noise complaint after he pulled me and a girl in our underwear out of a bedroom. I was hammered and in handcuffs in the front yard and basically yelled it at him. Then I asked another cop if I could hit the cigarette he was smoking.

No idea how I didn't end up in jail that night. 




 /r/blackpeopletwitter 




 I'm still not over the fact that my ex left me 8 months ago, I'm unemployed, completely broke, in massive amounts of debt, an alcoholic and possibly soon to be homeless.

And I have no idea where to begin fixing it. 




 He's not hard to play. But it takes a massive amount of skill to play him to his full potential.  




 Oh my god the little kid getting drilled in the face at 3:47. 




 Beautiful. 




 [KillSomeTime](http://www.killsometime.com/) used to be my go-to before I discovered reddit. Haven't been on here in years though. 




 As much as I agree with the rule, I've been 21 for 5 months and I'm not interested in anyone that can't come out to bars and drink with me. 




 In most of the United States the minimum age of consent for sex is 16. And in most of the ones that it is 17 or 18, there are stipulations that allow for "close in age" exceptions, that actually follow half your age + 7 pretty well.  




 I used to work at a casual restaurant for a bit right after high school, and a couple of my bros came in to chill at the bar before my shift ended.

This girl I knew who I shit you not could pass as a goddess came in to get some food. They know I was crushing on her pretty hard, and I got a bit nervous. When she came up to talk to me, after the hello's and whatnot I made the mother of all mistakes, especially with two of my friends right there.

*laughing about something* "So like, do you come here often?"

I just hear both of them burst out laughing for half a second and then try to conceal it, and the girl smiles as I'm trying to play it off and says she'd text me and left.

God I still haven't lived that one down. 




 When I started getting a social life and realized it wasn't common to have three generations in a 3 bedroom house. 




 Currently lying to ~15 members of my father's family about how I got a laceration on my hand the night before my sister's graduation party.

It's easier to tell a bunch of older folk that don't enjoy alcohol that I got it by dropping a glass table I was moving for my mother rather than I was up drinking for 10 hours and me and my best friend decided playing with knives would be fun. 




 If there is an audible change, the dj is using effects.

If there isn't, the dj is most likely setting up the song that will be mixed into the current one by getting it to the correct BPM, EQ'ing out frequencies, getting it to the part he needs to start the track at, etc. 

One thing to keep in mind is that, at least in my experiences, a dj can throw on his headphones and play both tracks, but make it so only one plays through the speakers. This allows lots of tweaking and button pressing to a track that isn't being played over the speakers to get it necessary to be mixed and transitioned into.

Or in the cases of shitty dj's, the mix is pre recorded but the dj is still required to do something to hype the crowd instead of just standing there. 




 Because you absolutely have no idea how it works when you're mixing. 




  is a dj

 everything is pre recorded

Then he's a pretty terrible one that won't go anywhere with it.
 




 Don't Panic. 




 Listen to this one then; you open a company called the Arse Tickler's Faggot Fan Club. You take an advert in the back page of some gay mag, advertising the latest in arse-intruding dildos, sell it a bit with, er... I dunno, "does what no other dildo can do until now", latest and greatest in sexual technology. Guaranteed results or money back, all that bollocks. These dills cost twenty-five each; a snip for all the pleasure they are going to give the recipients. They send a cheque to the company name, nothing offensive, er, Bobbie's Bits or something, for twenty-five. You put these in the bank for two weeks and let them clear. Now this is the clever bit. Then you send back the cheques for twenty-five pounds from the real company name, Arse Tickler's Faggot Fan Club, saying sorry, we couldn't get the supply from America, they have sold out. Now you see how many of the people cash those cheques; not a single soul, because who wants his bank manager to know he tickles arses when he is not paying in cheques! 




 Probably Peruvians so I can play Dota 2 in peace. 




 In Monty Python Search for the Holy Grail, where Galahad goes into the castle full of women. I watched that movie maybe around age 11 and no idea what oral sex meant. At that time, I thought it was just talking about sex, and didn't know why it was so funny.

Watched it again when I was 18 or so, laughed my ass off. 




 The title is the only way I can describe the sound, just kind of like rushing air. I'm 21 and been able to do it for as long as I can remember, but I've never really been able to explain it to someone, and nobody else I've found has shared this "ability" I guess. The only way I've been able to explain it is that I guess I'm somehow flexing something in my inner ear, or increasing pressure somehow, and it generates the sound of whooshing air and people just look at me like I'm stupid. Also nobody else can hear it.

Thoughts?

 




 [Antonio Brown strikes again](http://i.imgur.com/sGzPQKn.jpg) 




  You’d think the San Francisco TSA would have had experience with hung guys before, but I guess not.

My sides. 




 http://i.imgur.com/T4z6KaE.jpg

Taken last night when I changed my gauze. Potato quality, don't have the best phone camera. 




 QoP is really easy man. 

Go mid, take 2 points in shadow strike and 1 in blink at 3, then 2 in scream. Get Null and Tangos, and use Q+auto attacks to harass the enemy mid. Unless they're full health you should be able to kill them with a full combo and some auto attacks at 6. There are only a few heroes that can actually take that kind of harass, and her high damage should make cs'ing easy enough. Gank a side lane if you get a good rune.

After the laning stage I like to rush Aghs. There is a lot of fighting in this patch, and having a 40 second cd 450 nuke at level 11 is massive, especially because that's before BKBs and you should be able to land your scream for another bunch of damage. 

After that I'd usually go Scythe or BKB depending on which I needed first, and then Octarine is sick on her as well. 

Remember: she may be squishy, but her auto attacks definitely do some decent damage.  




 It looks like it destroys the stopping mechanism too? I guess you'd have to buy a completely new saw. Which is still better than losing a finger though. 




 Yes sir. So all was not in ~~vein~~ vain. 




 I think it was a firecracker, maybe a M80. A couple of those in succession and being in a pretty ghetto part of town, I can understand it. 




 Well herpes isn't transmitted through blood, and that's the only fluid we shared. So I'm ruling it out. 




 A cold sore popped up on my lip today. Could be a coincidence or from one of the girls I hooked up with recently, but I'm not positive. 




 Most definitely. I'll forever have a wicked scar now to prove it. 




 Happened last night. So my best friend lives in Denmark, I live in the US. We are both hardcore drinkers, and he is back for a visit. We got all of our best friends together for a raging party at their house with lots of alcohol and some fireworks.

It's probably around 3 AM. After an uncountable number of beers and rum and cokes, we decide it would be a good idea to becoming blood brothers, to solidify the best friendship. We went about that by taking a knife, putting a small slit in our hands, and doing our handshake. Well, he goes to cut my hand and slices a ~~8~~ 3 or 4 inch gash into the side of my hand because alcohol. Uncontrollable bleeding, it's all over the floor, you get the picture. 

20 minutes later, 6 cop cars show up outside. Apparently they were called because a neighbor mistook the fireworks for gunshots. Well, they looked inside and saw the blood, and immediately busted into the house with guns drawn putting everyone in handcuffs.

We were eventually able to talk our way out of the situation and nobody got arrested, but for a minute it was looking like we were going to be taken to jail for attempted murder. They bring paramedics, I end up going to the hospital to get 8 stitches in my hand. Worth it?

**TL;DR: Got really drunk, shot off fireworks, tried to become blood brothers with my best friend, cut way too deep, I bled everywhere, cops mistook fireworks for gunfire, busted in and almost arrested us all for attempted murder because there was blood everywhere, ended up with 8 stitches in my hand.**

**Very late edit: I confused the size of the gash with the number of stitches when typing this, it's a 3 or 4 inch gash that required 8 stitches**

**Double edit: [Here's](http://i.imgur.com/T4z6KaE.jpg) a quick picture I snapped of it last night when I changed my gauze.**  




 Puck. When I was first learning, I never even attempted the hero because I could already tell I didn't have the skills to pull off his combos correctly.

One day decided I was going to make a smurf account when I considered myself more than adequately skilled and starting trying out Puck. I Instantly loved it. There's just something about being so slippery in team fights that gets me right (relevant Weaver flair). 




 It's just a flesh wound! 




 Uh, no. There's a difference between "you're small and weak, that's why you're vulnerable" and "this is how you protect yourself if someone makes an attempt to rob/rape you".

Everyone should know basic self defense techniques, regardless of size or gender. 




 I agree. The problem with this in schools is the zero tolerance violence policies. It's completely stupid. 

Look at it like this. If a kid confronts you in the bathroom and threatens to beat you up for your phone or lunch money, the school teaches you to lay down like a little bitch, let yourself get beat up and robbed and tell a teacher afterwards. Yeah, the kid might get punished later, but look at it in a real world situation. If you're being mugged, are you going to just let yourself get robbed for your wallet and then tell a police officer afterwards? That'll do nothing. It's far better to teach children how to defend themselves, so that later on in life they can protect themselves against potential robbers.

My dad taught me how to fight when I was growing up. I got robbed at gunpoint by someone smaller than me about a year ago. I broke his arm, kicked the gun away, beat the living hell out of him, and robbed him back. Got around $400 out of his pocket, so I'm assuming he'd been making rounds around the dark parts of my neighborhood all night. I guarantee that person will think twice about robbing people from now on. 




 Watch videos on youtube of very high mmr ES players and try to replicate what they do in bot games. I avoided ES like the plague until I saw I think a Jerax video of him playing it (could be wrong, it's been a bit) and decided to try it out because I was bored.

Took me 4 bot games to get the combinations down, went into ranked and won 2 games in a row at 3k. He's not super hard. Although this was before his 6.84 nerfs. 

 




 The only difference between ranked and unranked is that ranked shows your number and people generally try harder to win than just playing for fun. Your MMR will increase/decrease by around 25 for every win/loss. 

My advice in ranked? Only play heroes you are good at. Ranked isn't the place, usually, to experiment with new heroes or new builds. Having just reached level 13, I can guarantee you're not actually good at any heroes yet, but pick the ones you normally do best with. When you pick a hero you know in and out, you are able to focus more on map awareness, game situations, priority targets in teamfights, etc. That's how you improve.  




 Darqueze Dennard hardly played last year, but when he did I saw some great talent coming from him.

The only problem is the Bengals are still riding the dick of Terrance Oldman who can only reliably play the first half of a game, instead of letting Dennard get experience. 




 This isn't dubstep, and is also quite terrible. 




  People on the lawn can be seen playing cards, scrabble, doing crossword puzzles or **sometimes playing cornhole**.

This needs to be rephrased. 









  What we ~~we're~~ were 




 i cabn foinal;ly d5r4ink alchol.  n this st8ujpid cuntr54y 




  people don't take us seriously as a contender because we can't beat the patriots.

I think it's more of the fact that you're in the easiest division in the league. The Texans are your only threat, but you're pretty much guaranteed a playoff spot every year.

If I'm correct, I think the Colts have been in the playoffs every year except 1 for the last 15 seasons. 




 And comparable to Dan Marino too I believe. 




 Go to skyline. Get a 5 way wrapped in a tortilla. Best thing ever. 




 NIP/NAVI take 1/2. 




 I'm sure you could go back into 6.83 and find an overwhelming amount of games where players made poor item decisions and played stupidly.

Stupid/bad players will always be stupid/bad regardless of what a patch did to the game. 




 FIRST 




 TIL Tobi, 2GD, Sunsfan and Sheever are all older than Draskyl. 




 Now if your team doesn't have any real disables and you're facing something like a storm or AM yeah the early orchid or hex is probably more viable. But if you've got good disablers holy hell it's a fun build. 




 What I've noticed is that since early pushing is somewhat back into the meta, especially with the rise of Undying, Leshrac and Death Prophet, you're going to be a ton more beneficial to your team by hitting that gigantic AoE ultimate every 40 seconds than say an Orchid or early Hex that focuses more on single target pick offs. 

You don't really need an Orchid if your E/R drops multiple heroes by 700 health (most likely over half of their health pool pre 20 minutes even on carries) in a half second, and the buildup of Aghs is easier than Hex. 




 If you haven't played QoP yet this patch, I'd definitely recommend trying her out. My build is Null/TangosBottleTreadsAghsBKB/Octarine (BKB if I need to fight now, Octarine if there isn't as much disable and I can get away with it, then into BKB)Shivas/Hex.

A 15-20 minute Aghs on her is retardedly strong, and Octarine means you lifesteal 25% per hero hit, so a 3-4 man Sonic heals you for close to 450-600 even through BKB on a 30 second CD. I think I've gone 8-2 on her in the past two days, would've been 9-1 if our fucking FV didn't super throw the last game I played. 




 This is one of the best shitposts I've seen in a while.  




 I'd get very comfortable with 3 heroes per role. That's 15 you could potentially choose from in a game. You can still spam single heroes, but like other people have said, if somebody picks it first or picks a hard counter then you're shit out of luck. Having a wider hero pool will allow you to still be able to play the game, and also making you an all around better player by being able to perform every role in any situation.

My go to heroes per role are PA, QoP, Centaur, Mirana, Dazzle. You don't really need to worry about which heroes are the strongest, just whichever you're best at, in my opinion. Back in 6.83 people said PA wasn't anything against a Troll, but since PA is the safe lane carry I'm best at, I still shit on most of them that I encountered. 




 I saw the little armadillo running around for the first time and had no clue what it was. I eventually clicked on their heroes to inspect and saw it was a cosmetic, and then got stunned and died.

Volvo plz 




 A tempo controller is a hero that wins 1v1 fights and can create a lot of pressure around the map. The examples I listed are all heroes that can easily punish an out of position support or core whenever they want. By doing that solo pickoff, you can then translate the 5v4 advantage into pushing a tower, winning a team fight, or taking Roshan. 

Basically, in higher MMR brackets a tempo controller being hidden off the map means the enemy team should be scared of where they are because they can be solo killed. In a MMR tier such as 750, I don't think the people even know what the mini map is, so you can use this to consistently roam around the map picking off their heroes, keeping the pressure up, and giving your team the advantage.

Tempo controllers are NOT heroes like Medusa or Spectre that require a lot of time and farm to come online and have less solo kill potential, or supports like Omniknight or Dazzle that are more geared towards 5v5 teamfights to be the most effective.

If you prefer support, Lion and Lina are great at this because their high amounts of magic burst is great for solo'ing heroes as well. 




 I'm actually considering trying out the new Solar Crest on him. The buildup is pretty easy and the evasion is good for when you aren't using the active. Maybe BKB into Skadi afterwards. 




 Happened to me a bit last game but only before 10 minutes. Fixed itself after that.  




 I personally prefer playing him as support. Lightning Storm is retardedly good in lane and any setup slow or stun is an easy kill. 




 I'm 3k and I haven't had any problems with Ursa or Undying. They've been in a few games but we've been able to handle them. 

Not looking forward to the return of Death Prophet. Fuck that hero.

I've been shitstomping with QoP so far this patch. AghsOctarineBKB is ridiculously strong. 




  and he's not a support that buys wards or couriers.

Well, in their defense, Leshrac is usually more viable as a core.  




 What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo. 




 If I ever have to play support, I play one with high amounts of annoyance for the other team. Mirana and Disruptor are the two that come to mind first. Random arrows and TP glimpses help lighten the mood when your 4 hard carries are bitching about wards for 20 minutes. 




 If you can convince a support to help pressure the SF early it'll go better for you, but SF will have the advantage once he hits level five. 




  In the test patch,

Is that possible in the main client or did it get patched? 




 Synd and Tobi 




  iG .. if you put them T1 , you should look at their recent performance , re-evaluate 

Losing a few games doesn't drop you from T1 status. IG has been one of the dominant teams in Dota for years.  




 Leshrac, Zeus, Undying 




  people who get paid to calibrate accounts.

So the player can drop like a rock after they lose every game because they're truly a 2k player calibrated at 4k.  




 Maybe you're not aware of how TBD works? If you're a 4k player, you're not going to get someone who is 1K TBD in your game. Their hidden MMR is equal to yours, they're just in the calibration stage which means their game results are taken with a greater level of uncertainty.

For example, if you already calibrated and you destroy a game, you get +25 for a win. If they're TBD and they destroy a game, they might get +100 hidden for a win.  




 The Indianapolis Jones one kills me every time.  




 I got called a retard earlier for suggesting our 5th pick support should be something with lockdown for the enemy Storm Spirit rather than an Undying.

I hate people. 




 I feel like it will be best on initiators and tanky front liners. Similar to a Blade Mail, where they go in first and pop it, forcing the enemy team to either ignore them or have their spells reflected. This hesitation could buy your team the 2-3 seconds they need to get into position and take an early advantage in the team fight. 




 One downside is I'm feeling the return of the "DP insta pick ggpush" pub meta. 

I'm loving the changes to the comeback mechanic though. 




 Question.

I'm assuming the ultimate would still mean multiple UAMs could not stack?  




 Get you TO 3k. Not really any farther than that. 




 5 cs per minute on a consistent basis is enough to get you to 3k.  




  I usually play quite well but then my team just plays awful.

Mate, you're well below the average skill of a player for this game. You probably play just as poorly.

At that MMR, any hero can destroy if you're more skilled than your opponents. The issue isn't the hero you're picking, the issue is that you aren't better than them. 

The easiest way to win, regardless of hero, is to outfarm them. Focus on getting 5 cs per minute throughout the game on any carry, don't take stupid fights or make stupid decisions, and watch your MMR rise by a thousand.
 




 This is why I only try to play Dota overnight. Less children are online at 3 AM. 




  It's so annoying when an easy fight turns into a disaster because I accidentally disarm my carry. Valve please!

Try not sucking. It's not Valve's problem that you make mistakes. 




 You want a specific report for essentially not trying?

No thanks. 




 That would be insanely overpowered but I like the idea of the non-killable aspect. It techincally is a skill shot to hit because it isn't unit targetable, so making it last the entire duration barring a purge would make him much more viable in team fights as opposed to the almost purely single target damage hero he is now. 




  i'm not even sure if he's not slightly OP in competitive.

His biggest strength in competitive is the vision from his ultimate. He's still extremely easy to kill if you target him. He has great magic burst, but his entire arsenal is countered by a BKB. 

If you take away the mini stun, I feel like it's a nerf he doesn't actually need. 




 Lina, QoP, Axe, Io, Tiny is my guess. 




 Technically it reduces 1 armor per attack, which if maxed occurs every .95 (if that's correct) seconds. I guess that isn't terrible, considering it takes 4 hero attacks to kill it, which leaves you 5-6 of the bug on the target if they immediately start attacking it, resulting in a 5-7 armor reduction. 

I'd need some time to do the math, but since it doesn't scale, I'm pretty sure maxing Geminate does more damage over that time period than maxing Swarm. You'll get a geminate attack every 3 seconds if it's maxed. 

I think his biggest problem is stat gains.  




 He doesn't really need mana regen. If you're safe lane, you shouldn't need to W for last hits, plus the buff to E makes last hitting easier in general. If you do need to W often, tread switching beforehand should be fine.

Even if you did, the Aquila is more than enough to sustain you until you get your Skadi, which should come sub 20.

Also, at least in my opinion, you need the Skadi as soon as possible  because his STR/AGI gains are abysmal compared to other Agi carries. The maelstrom would just delay that further, yeah it's a nice farming tool, but again the problem is that your team needs to be ahead for that to work out. If you're behind, there's no way you could afford to get it because Weaver isn't even that great late game compared to other Agi carries. 




 Weaver is my favorite hero. But ever since 6.83 he's been shit to play. He can't flash farm, he can't rotate to jungle early unless you buy a MoM/HotD (something I actually haven't tried yet), he takes forever to come online, he is bad at base defense, his solo pick off potential isn't really much to write home about against anyone other than squishy supports and his late game isn't even that great. 

I was really hoping to see a strength gain increase in 6.84, but the only thing they did that benefited him was slightly buffing Geminate. His Aghs isn't good if you're playing him safelane carry, and The Swarm isn't worth more than a value point as opposed to stats, which he desperately needs because if you do manage to lock him down, he's still squishy as shit.

The build I ran in 6.83 and am continuing in 6.84 for safe lane is AquilaTreads then immediately rush a Skadi. After Skadi I go either BKB or Butterfly depending on the game situation. Rushing Linken's delays your damage items too much in this meta. Lotus Orb is kind of cool but only if you're against a team with multiple single target disables. 

It seems like the only way to play Weaver currently is to make sure the other 4 people on your team can secure you an advantage while you take forever to farm your items, because if you're losing, a Weaver definitely isn't the ideal carry to rely on to bring you back.

Thoughts? 




 Don't know the exact psychology, but carries are the ones that get all the big flashy items. Carries are the ones that see their names pop up on the screen for Triple Kills and Godlike Streaks. Carries, in most MMR tiers, are generally seen as "in charge" and the team leader. Carries usually do the most damage and control the game. 

Supports get commanded to buy wards all game and get reported for feeding when you go 2-10-25.

Which would you rather play?

 so what could be the reason so many people under 4k hate playing it?

Because people under 4k are stupid, think they're the best on their team automatically, and think that if the game isn't theirs to control, everyone else will shit the bed and lose. Then when they don't properly carry, they blame the supports.

TL;DR: People are stupid. 




 Speed 55, Decel 50, DPI is whatever the default is. 




 You're not supposed to cast Unrefined Fireblast at the start of the fight. The Unrefined Fireblast is only supposed to be used in an absolute "Oh shit I need a stun NOW" situation, or when you're at lower levels of mana because the cost drastically reduces based on your current mana.

Honestly, the Aghs isn't really worth it. Get a Eul's+Force Staff for a bit more cost and you'll usually have a much higher impact.

 since the Aghanims change.

What are you referring to? Unless I missed something, his Aghs upgrade has been untouched for a long time. 




  its a really hard game to get in to because of the learning curve.

It's a really hard game to get GOOD at because of the learning curve. I had zero MOBA experience when I started playing Dota 2, but I was hooked instantly. You need to accept the fact that you're going to suck for a while. If that turns you off, then Dota isn't for you. However, you're going to be in games because of matchmaking with players who are usually equally as terrible, so in theory it should balance out, and you'll have the occasional games where you do really well in comparison to the nine other players in the lobby. 




  i was playing life stealer

 i soloed a 4k health pudge in literally 1,5 sec

Lifestealer's Feast deals 7% of their current HP as damage at max level. At full health, that will do ~280 damage to a Pudge ON TOP OF your auto attack damage. ~260 on the next attack, ~240 on the attack after, etc. Pudge also has shit armor, and doesn't usually build items that grant him any additional armor, meaning physical attacks are barely mitigated. 

Lifestealer destroys heroes with high HP pools and low armor regardless of a Moon Shard. It's working as intended.
 




 The learning curve is extremely steep. If you have zero MOBA experience, it'll take you over a thousand game hours before you have anywhere near a grasp of what you're supposed to be doing in given situations, and another thousand before you're considered above average, assuming you keep improving over that time period.

My recommendation would be to read multiple beginner's guides when you're first starting to play. Play the "Limited Heroes" pool of heroes, as these are a grouping of heroes that are relatively low skill cap and friendlier for beginning players. Choose between three different heroes for every game. This allows you to learn a specific hero's skills and interactions easily, and allowing for more focus on in-game mechanics, map awareness and situational decisions rather than trying to focus on learning a new hero each game. 

You're going to be terrible for a long time. There's no denying it, and the only way to improve is to keep playing. Dota isn't a game you can pick up and be good within a week of playing it. Every "I probably shouldn't have done that" moment is a learning experience. You will make tons of mistakes. You will die tons of times. If this discourages you, Dota is not the game for you. There isn't some magical recipe to suddenly being godly. The only way to improve is to keep playing, keep reading guides, and keep learning the game.
 




 Ignore everyone saying you need to rush Linken's on Weaver. You don't. At all. 

What I've found to be the best build is Aquila, Treads, then rush a Skadi. Weaver can't flash farm and he desperately needs the stats early on if he plans to compete at all with the hyperfast farming carries (Troll, Jug, Sniper) of 6.83. I max W/E and take 1 in Q, skill the rest in stats and take ult 6/11/16. After Skadi go Butterfly if you feel like you can still farm effectively, or BKB beforehand if you need to enter fights. After that it's pretty much up to you. MKB/Daedalus would be my recommendation.

Also this is for safe lane Weaver and will probably carry over into 6.84 without much change, although a Lotus Orb could be pretty nice in there somewhere. 




 Lina

Necro

Tiny

Centaur

Meepo

Treant

Doom

Chen

Windranger

Razor

In no order. 




  If you're gonig to be harrased, always get a stout shield and consider PMS as an upgrade.

It depends on the type of harassment. If the harassment is coming from physical attacks, then yes stout/RoP/PMS is the way to go. However, if you're going to be taking mostly magical damage (from spells) it's better to forgo those items for extra regen instead. 




 I saw a video where he placed Stone behind enemy, pulled, kicked back, rolled in, ulted. It's how I was practicing in bot games to learn the hero. Tried it out in a 3k game and it worked a bit, unfortunately our Troll and Sniper were god awful and even though I got some solo kills and counter ganked pretty well we ended up losing pretty hard.

Is that combo good or bad? 




 Probably a couple weeks ago when I was solo'ing the second Rosh as Troll while the rest of my team was fighting 4v5 mid lane. I was so focused on getting to the fight as soon as possible to shift the fight in our favor as a Troll with two lives that as soon as Rosh died I Phase Boots'd my hardest to get there, ran in like Rambo and unleashed everything I had.

Unfortunately, it was at that point that I died. And died, as I realized after computing for a few seconds why I wasn't respawning with Aegis, without ever actually picking up the Aegis from Roshan's lifeless corpse.

Derp. 




 A pinch over 200,000 people on this subreddit.

Almost 11,000,000 unique players in the game this past month.

I guarantee I could pull this off in over 95% of my 3k pubs. 




 I just learned how to play him too :( 




 Blink Dagger will now become more core than Force Staff on OD. I've mentioned this before, but this patch essentially solidifies it.

Think about it. Blink+Aghs. There's three heroes clumped up, blink right in, aghs ult them, imprison them, allow the rest of your team to get into position, and then wreck them. Perfect setup for a vacuum+wall, ravage, supernova, chronosphere, axe call, etc. 




  4x = 0 cooldown for long cooldown ultimates.

I don't think it would work like that. If you had a 100 second cooldown, the first Orb would take 25% of that away. Now you're at 75 seconds. I believe the next Orb would take 25% of the reduced cooldown away (25% off of 75 seconds, not 100) leaving you at 56.25 seconds. Another 2 orbs would leave you around 31 seconds cooldown. 




 Buff Weaver strength gain kthxbai 




 Someone else is playing on his account. 




 Sorry bad english

Where you when Sniper is kill

Icefrog plz nerf now 




