 That's such an incredibly kind thing to say! Thank you. After reading the comments in this discussion today and thinking about what I'd like to do in the future, I think that volunteer work could be a really great option for me. If there's one thing that still makes me feel good, it's helping other people. And I'd really like to be someone who does that on a regular basis. 




 Thank you very much :) 




 I've actually started looking into some local charities after reading your comment and I think it would actually be a great way to get myself out of the house and do some gratifying work while I'm applying and if I end up getting part time work. The reason I've been hesitant to go back into retail or good service is that they're kind of mind numbing, but working for a good cause might actually really help with that. Plus if they're an accepting environment I'm all for it :) 




 Well, I know that I wouldn't be able to tend bar ever because I'm a grandma already and I cannot stay up late for the life of me haha. But I did wait tables to put myself through school and I'm strongly considering going back to it while taking classes or doing an apprenticeship/internship/volunteer work. The tips were excellent. 




 Nah that's what I've been most afraid of. Thanks to all the advice here I think a discrete "freelancing while taking care of a medical issue" is going to be my plan. Neither is a lie since I actually have done a small amount of freelancing and I've been taking care of a very big issue :) 




 I'm so so sorry for your loss, but very happy to hear that you've managed to land your dream job, that's amazing! 




 Aw thanks! I figured I would ask here before the employment subreddit a because I thought I'd get more empathetic feedback around the whole story here and because I thought that it might be relevant to others trying to get over the same hump :) 

I think the conclusion I've come to really is that I should ease back into it with something part time. It's been kind of hard to swallow my pride and admit that I'm not going to be in a competitive position in my field right away and that's ok-- it's a step forward and for the first time in a long time, the right direction.

Thank you for the feedback-- I really do feel weirdly just less alone knowing that others can relate to how hard the step back into the real world is. 




