 Wow that last race for Guude! So many red shells, both from Chad and for himself too. Chad sounded annoyed at the end and I can see why :P 




 London, I am inside you! 




 Really liked Nebris' video, who actually showed us all around the area. I'm excited for what builds we can expect because the area sure asks for some great ones! 




 Make a few golems farm mana beans for you - essentia distillation - air shards and phials in crucible 




 Computer. 




 Minecraft, Terraria, Cook Serve Delicious. Sometimes some online Cards against Humanity with friends :) 




 Minecraft community as a whole is very big and friendly. I myself am admin of a gaming community that mainly plays minecraft but with the occasional other game on the side and they're my best friends. 




 Oh, awesome. Do you play vanilla or modded? I'm admin in a modded community, 21+ and very active. I really enjoy my time there and can recommend it :) let me know when you're interested! 




 Video games, though mainly minecraft. Barely anyone around me plays video games and the few who do, don't like minecraft at all. I could talk about it for days. 




 Games, oddly enough. 




 I believe there is also a use in minechem for carrots that eventually leads to power generation. 




 Glad to see this again. :) 




 Would be nice to have everyone back. Only time can tell. 




 Maybe the Sky High scenario. They can set a meetup timer and after that you take a small amount of damage while you are under y=100. 




  People can therefore create miniteams of any size

 ...
There is one player that is a wildcard, and will join whatever team they find (S20)

what? 




 VintageBeef was slain by VintageBeef. 




 I can only imagine all teams being in the same fortress grinding wither skeletons. The UHC will end quickly because no one will get the skulls but just kill the other teams. 




 I think you accidentally a word. 




 Hide achievements again. 




 Great montage! 




 Coe is in there too. 




 I don't see Chad in Golden apples per season? Can't help you out with a number though, just spotted it. 




 Can only agree with season 16 for MC! 




 I really want to know what would've happened if they would hide achievements during UHCs. Maybe they should start doing that again from now on. 




 Not sure why you got downvoted, I agree here. Anderz had no clue, Nebris knew Pak had the Notch apple. They had a plan, a strategy. Anderz decided to just fill Nebris with arrows, not knowing about the insane regeneration and resistance. Nebris was able to lure Pakratt out of his comfort zone, eat the apple, run away to let the regeneration run off and then attack. 




 I think that's what happened. In the very end you see he takes out his sword while he isn't in reach of Nebris yet, making it a bit easier for Nebris to just spam a few extra arrows into Pakratt. 




 You had some good shots in the Barkas fight! GG! 




 Vechs had some amazing longshots in the bowfight vs Arkas and Baj! I caught myself whispering "wow" out loud (it's 4AM here atm) 




 Quality over quantity indeed. 




 My bad, should read better. I thought you made a typo saying 15 




 16 




 It's in episode 1 




 He threw out his pickaxe while escaping Nebris and Vechs in episode 3 though. Despite the tension at that moment, it sure made me giggle. 




 Haha I missed Anderz death completely. I got sucked into the battle between Chad and BTC. Only realised our viking died when he left the skype call with Chad. 




 I can imagine that's not the first thing he thinks of. He's out in the open at night at 1.5 hearts. He should just grab those diamond swords and any anvil/enchanting table he's missing, and gear up again. Check for gold, apples etc but that's it. 




 True, he's on a roll this season. Hope he manages to heal up in some way. 




 Beef MVP. 




 No problem! :) Glad I could help. 




 Pyro has 1 golden apple. Don't know if he has eaten any, only seen his 6th episode. 




 I would be SO sad if that's the case. 




 Uhh, doesn't this have to be in the announcement bar by now? 




 Yeah! I mean just a minute before that, he switches the dirt on his hotbar to the cobblestone. That is what probably saved him! 




 Hope you watched VintageBeef's ep3! 




 Right, three productive days later we have done quite a lot. My friend has completely automated Galgadorian Metal and the enhanced and enhanced infused variants. We can now request them in the AE from scratch. Pretty impressive. I've mainly been working on a couple mining drones and while I've been close, I can't get them to perfectly do what I want (main problems now are charging (they're far out), coming home when finished etc) but I do have drone couples (one mines, one picks up) that scratch the surface of an area for meteor blocks using a Fortune III Efficiency IV diamond hammer and send the drops to our base. All I need to do is to redefine an area every now and then. If people are interested, I'm willing to share the programs how they are right now. Also slowly started working on Galacticraft stuff, but it's all very grindy and resource-intensive. 




 This! I really enjoyed watching all the vlogs from the Mindcrackers too throughout the week, looked like they had an amazing week together.  




 Ako the Builder :) 




 And yet again, Chad got picked twice! 




 "YWEYWWYAYASSS!" is honestly enough for S11 I think. 




 I hope Aurey kicks ass! 




 Actually nothing that's very interesting, but [this](https://i.imgur.com/kvWUyJ5.png) is our ~~base~~ mess on Blast Off at the moment. We've reached the point where we can make Galgadorian metal so we finally have a couple Ender IO machines. Botania Alfheim portal is up, autocrafting of 64k ME drives is a fact but that's it mainly. Cleaned up last night, replaced our clay floor with grass, automated wood and charcoal farm with Steve's carts, automated sugar cane farm using Pneumaticraft drones.. We have a wither skeleton farm a couple thousand blocks out and a mob farm up in the air (so not shown here), base on the left is another player's base. For us, it's now time to finally build and prepare for the hard work! 




 MC fun comes purely from playing multiplayer for me. I don't mind if it's vanilla, modded, a minigame, an adventure map, a UHC, etc. As long as I can play with friends, it's all good. Either goof around or have a big end goal to work to together. 




 Happy birthday! 




 Something tells me Arkas and Baj will last quite a while in this season, considering they're far away from everyone else and might find other teams when most battles are already fought. 




 Happy Birthday! :) 




 I'm pretty hyped for that. 




 No resource pack, April Fool's joke by Mojang last year. 




 Guude sounds a bit like Nebris with that voice near the end of the vlog. 




 I remember him doing that a couple seasons ago as well. "You can't hear.. oh wow creeper!" 




 Trying to get home from my parents turns out to be quite challenging tonight. Gotta love the Dutch railway company and railway system... 




 Mijn huisgenoot las dit hardop voor laatst en ik vroeg haar ook al of het De Speld was. :P 




 I really enjoy watching them. Looks like they're having an amazingly fun time in London this week :) 




 While I can see the mindcrackers start a similar scenario like Cornerstone, with everyone living in a spot and working together in small teams, I don't see mindcrack ever do any roleplaying. 




 I like seeing all the pictures and vlogs from the guys but Pyro's vlog is definitely my favorite.  




 Blast Off is a HQM pack that has the environmine mod in it. Though the mobs can be quite tough, just like in crash landing. I can highly recommend it, having great fun with playing it myself! 




 Hope to see you around again soon! :) 




 I'm not sure about Doc either because he ran into a team that early during the first episode. That's two people who were closeby who he can't team up with. 




 No, that's /u/TweetPoster. This is /u/TweetsInCommentsBot :) 




 Luckily, thunderstorms always come along with rain, so the fire would be put out quite quickly. 




 It's why I always watch Anderz' perspective as one of the first. Love his caving style. 




 Chad has a bow as well I believe. 




 Yeah, will just update the mod next time we patch. Given the player her wormwood for now. Thanks for your help :) 




 Doesn't necessarily have to be clear. If OP makes backups, roll back to an update right before this happened. You can keep a lot of your inventory that way. 




 Alright thanks. I'm one of the admins so I know where to go from here. At the moment it sounds easiest to just give the player a bit of wormwood than pushing a pack update with one config change so no one can farm wheat with right click anymore. :P 




 Would this be server side or client side? 




 I loved S19s intro. Never skipped it like I do with the others. 




 Same with Baj and Arkas, to be honest. I'm laughing so hard. 




 Woof? 




 Vechs really is a little puppy with all his toilet breaks. Also, when will Nebris learn you can mine lapis with a stone pickaxe? :(

edit: Anderz' episode is one series of mini heart attacks :( why do you do this to me?! 




 Ohhh! :O I'll shut up :P 




 I'm Dutch, 173cm and I feel small. 




 He's not tall, he's just Dutch :) 




 It's a great song, can't wait for more of his new album. I can recommend his other music too! 




 I found a good "pick me up" song in "Next Storm" by Frank Turner. It made me go outside today. 




 I've found that playlist a couple days ago :) It's good but nothing is better than Frank Turner himself! 




 Thanks for the answers and no problem! The witchery brewing is one of the few things in modded minecraft that I actually want to learn more about :) 




 That could go straight into a mod like the Twilight Forest mod! 




 I've been struggling with depression for a few months now and it's only going from bad to worse, up to a point where I don't go outside anymore unless I really have to. Listening to "Next Storm" today actually made me go outside again. I realised it's not good to stay inside this much. Just a quick thank you to Frank Turner from me. Can't wait to hear more from the upcoming album. 




 21, same, hi. 




 That explains a lot. Been watching my trees not pollinate for over a week now! I will try this as soon as I get home! 




  Bees can pollinate vanilla trees without analyzing the tree first.

That is a thing? Is this why my bees don't pollinate my trees right now? 




 I have the same issue when breeding trees and using the grafter, also on a server with NEIaddons and Forestry 3.5.7. Maybe try reporting an issue [here](https://github.com/ForestryMC/ForestryMC/issues)? English is not my first language so explaining it is a bit hard for me. 




 I shall keep an eye out! ;) 




 We have the minestones mod included in our custom modpack and it's a fun game! 




 Just a normal watering can works fine too. Doesn't have to be reinforced immediately. 




 Do you have the right soil for the dandelion? If so, sounds like you've got some terrible bad luck going. 




 Hello, I have a few questions about this spreadsheet.

1. In the list of the (optional) general modifiers, it says I need a glowstone nugget. Doesn't that have to be a golden nugget?
2. What are the "block effect" and "entity effect" that you mean for the nether brick and brick (normal brick or stone brick?) modifier?
3. In the effect modifiers, for power, is it a glowstone block or glowstone dust? 




 Have a look at www.indeedcommunity.com 




 Thank you so much! Ran into Frank's music a few months ago and I'm still growing into it. I am trying to find as many songs as possible :) 




 Do you have a link? 




 But why wouldn't you make yourself a bigger starter hole underground if it gets this tight and messy? 




 Lottery? 




 Make that the cat wise. 




 Same here. I hope you feel better soon. 




 Generated May 22nd, it's in the post. 




 I hope it turns out to be that way but I have my doubts. This internship is in Amsterdam and I live in the east of the Netherlands which means I will have to move as well. It's a new start and I hope it turns out to be a good thing. 




 Same for me, but it's mostly clothes. I don't have a desk and I try to make the bed every morning. Maybe you can start by making your bed every morning. You can also put a laundry basket in your room for your clothes. If all this goes well, add something extra next week, like keeping either a desk or a part of your floor empty. I have started doing this a week ago, and my room is getting cleaner slowly but surely. Just build it up, step by step. 




 Don't even need Botania for renewable redstone dust. It's renewable in Vanilla minecraft with a witch grinder. 




 We use EiraIRC, and for the skype group we use skype2irc. 




 Yes, IRC. I'm admin on a server where we have 3 servers connected (used to be 5) and it works great. You can even link a skype group to it, and dynmap. 




 Your mental health is very important. 




 That I had been lying to them for quite a while. Nothing worse than admitting the truth after months of lying. 




 Caring. Friends come to me because I care and I always help out (unless they have their magnet off) but it gets abused sometimes and I tend to forget my own problems. 




