 To be fair, their account is 14 hours old.  




 How come the link changed though, or is it me? 

Anyway. In case you did not understand my comment, I was talking about how people view the second world war. Generations 55 y.o to ~30 y.o look at it and think "We fucked up real good let's never forget". People younger look at it like the rest of the world does: "That was fucked up." They don't associate it with themselves personally, they see it as the past. 

Kind of like North America feels about what happened to the Natives, how England/US feel about the triangular slave trade, how Japan feels about what they've done throughout their history. It's not that they don't give a shit. They don't care as much. It's not their responsibility. The past is the past.

It doesn't mean Germans don't protest about anything. It doesn't mean they stay home and sip ~~tea~~ beer with headphones on so they don't hear about the outside world. But compared to a country like the US, and like Canada, they are quite passive. Again, COMPARATIVELY, since it is what the other guy and me were doing. Man, Angela Merkel herself is passive, and that's one of the reasons why she is liked so much! - not my opinion, the opinions of native Germans who love/hate her both say she is passive. 

 




 Thanks! And actually no! It was a family friend. My mother went to New York to give birth, and this lady welcomed us while we lived there for a couple of months : ) 




 I don't remember saying Germans don't give a fuck but okay.  




 I was given a pillow when I was born. Nineteen years later, I still have it. It must have been the most disgusting pillow when I was younger: drool, baby spit, vomit. My grandmother actually used to rip it apart apart to clean it inside out, then sows it back. 

I think I'll keep it until the day I die. I literally cannot fall asleep without it. 




 You're talking about people who lived the war. I'm talking about the generations after. Like 55 and less. They never complain and when you hear them talk, they act as if the war was their fault. Before moving to Germany, I had a German language teacher who would do just that. She never complained despite having a not so great life, she believes in hard work, and she speaks of the war like she single handedly did it. Then, I moved to Germany and everyone her age is the same. So is the generation after. But 20 year olds and less don't behave the same. They don't care as much. To them, the past is the past. But to generations after the war, the past is a huge lesson and they shall never forget about it.

Maybe it's a matter of perspective. But then the Germans I met so far were all "Yeah we're like that." 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klzZG7hmlh0

Yas, African pop!  




 There's this syndrome or disorder called Pica, which is when a person has bad cravings for inedible/non-digestible things. Sometimes it's completely mental (the taste or texture is therapeutic), sometimes it can be a sign of a certain deficiency, or it can be a sign of another physical problem. In my case, it is most probably anemia. I have it and so does my mother who had intense cravings for dirt and clay. She eventually got over it and I'm waiting for my turn haha  




 Yeah I've noticed, and I agree it can be frustrating (but I'm North American as well so yeah I'm used to complaining). 

But yeah. It's culture. America was a country built by people complaining and wanting more. Germany was ruined by people complaining and wanting more. 

Germans know they have it good, and last time they complained about their situation, see what happened? Except for younger kids, you'll notice older Germans have a tendency to just. Not say anything. Because that's what they were taught to do after the war. Just shut up, be ashamed, and work hard towards greatness without bothering anyone else. 




 Exactly what I was thinking. You can't just go around and call Germany "uncivilized" (I think you mean to use another term because civilized means something else) when nearly the entire planet is worse.  




 Then damn. No one on this planet is! If you're going to complain about Germany being a bad country, I don't know where else you're gonna enjoy life.  




 I'm asexual, schizoid and I have social anxiety (just so you can see what kind of failure I'm heading towards), but I am sort of infatuated with this person. I haven't talked to them in probably a year, but they just reactivated their Facebook account and I kind of want to talk to them. Our last conversation was short lived: I sent something, they read it, and I never heard from them since (they deactivated their account few days later). Except, I don't know if it's going to be worth it. Should I risk panic attacks and disappointment or stay in my lane?  




 "not civilized" what?? 




 I eat raw flour. It started off as a random thing I did (I baked a cake, and for it to look good, I sprinkled flour over it because I did not have powder sugar). Then, I actually tasted the thing. Been hooked ever since, and I cannot seem to stop.

I can easily eat 6 pounds a week. Though now, it's more like one pound every two weeks (which I am really happy with). 




 Bruh fried chicken is the bomb.com when it comes to emotional eating. You feel so full and so satisfied because of the crispy juicy yumminess you just devoured. Then your body gets ready to evacuate all of it and then you experience a second instance of pure blissfulness. Your body just empties itself completely, without too much effort from your part. 

I don't know if fried chicken does the same to everyone.  




 I'm an au-pair in Germany, and I moved from Canada! :D

I've moved once before, from the West Indies to Canada (okay maybe once more from the US but I was 2 months old and it doesn't count I guess). 

If you have money, you're fine. It's not so hard. Unless you're super susceptible to feeling homesick. 

** But an au-pair contract, usually, lasts 1 year. Meaning you've known for max. 8 months? Are you considering moving with someone you barely know in a totally foreign country? You have to consider the worst case scenario.   




 Same. I thought I was odd for the longest time, and thought maybe I had not reached sexual maturity, despite hitting 'official' puberty (I'm a girl) at age 9. At some point, I thought I was gay? Because while in high school, girls would go through their "Want to have sex with anything that smells like a man" phase, and I was sitting here, wondering what's for lunch. Though ironically, I went to an all-girl school and never felt sexually attracted to any classmates either. I was, however, platonically in love with so many people, and I started reading tons about it. Then, I learned there was a difference between romantic and platonic (I had never heard the word platonic before age 13), and I started differentiating the romantic attractions from the platonic ones. But it never clicked to me that it could be a sexual orientation, until I saw the word asexual. 

I'm extremely thankful!  




 And by the way, I am not trying to give you a label. I don't care about it. If you're queer, high five! If you're asexual, doubld high five! If you're cis ajd straight, high five! 

What bothers me is that you do not seem to want to understand what sexuality is. And in the world we live in, ignorance by choice is no excuse.  




 You have to keep repeating it because you think sexuality is a choice or something you choose. Which it isn't. Youre saying the same thing homophobes have been preaching for years. Those words are the reason why homosexuals and other queers are oppressed, even persecuted in some part of this world. Because people dont think it's something you are born as. If you can't accept it as truth, then you're putting yourself in whatever trouble you're having. No one can help you but yourself.

Have a good day. 




 I don't know you, but you said you were asexual. Now either you at or you are not. You act like it's a decision you took, or a consequence of how you were raised, when it's just your body that was born  this way or not.

Replace that with race. Say you were black, but you really want to be white. Wouldn't that be ridiculous? Everyone would tell you to embrace your blackness, no matter how white you feel. Same with sexual orientation. So if you're asexual, just accept it. Don't try to be something you are not. If you are not asexual, don't say you are or you were. 

Plus this is Casual Conversation. Almost anything goes. 




 But you talk about sexual orientation like it's a religion. A person cannot be raised straight. They are gay in a mostly straight world. Like transgenders are trans in a cis world, and asexuals are who they are in a sexual world. You aren't raised into your sexual orientation. You are or you are not.

And people who are not straight all go through this "This isn't right. I should change" phase because we are a minority. It's worse for asexuals because very few know it's actually a thing. You shouldn't suppress your sexuality in no case at all. Whether it's because your family doesn't approve, your country, or yourself. That just brings unhappiness and misery for no reason. 




 He looks and sounds like a stereotypical slaveowner. This is creepy as hell and kind of insulting.  




 But you don't need to grow from being asexual. It's not a personality type. It's a sexual orientation. You are it from the moment you are born (okay, let's say from the moment you are supposed to be sexually mature), to the day you die. Asexuality doesn't mean you're a virging either, and it doesn't mean you hate sex. It just means you don't feel a need for it, and you don't look at someone and think "Hot damn! I'd tap that!"

Instead of changing yourself, learn how to enjoy how you are right now. Being asexual is not so bad. Maybe it gets lonely since so few people are like this, but thank goodness we live in the 21st century. If you want to meet someone who will be comfortable with your sexual orientation, you can! Internet is great! 

Don't try to change your sexual orientation. It's part of who you are, and just embrace it.  




 I .... I do! 

On a more serious (not so serious) note though. It's crazy how many other asexuals I've been meeting lately. I think in the last couple of years, I met between five and ten, which to me is quite a lot! I always felt quite secluded, but now not so much. Though I've been meeting these people on the internet so I guess in real life, it will be impossible to find someone asexual (plus you can't just be like "So ... you asexual or nah?"  




 I am not sure, actually. I used to live in a city where electricity is extremely cheap, so it did not affect us (aka, my mother never complained about her bills being too high, which says a lot). However I think it does consume quite a lot of electricity so it would be better to use it in moderation, instead of letting it run 24/7. 




 Looks like we have the same target. I've been planning an elaborate scheme to murder the sun as well. 

Buy one of those AC things you can just put on your window, and voila! Or find a basement and squat it until September.  




 If you live in a big city where there is a great transportation system (preferably a metro system), you could do this. Take the metro, start on the first station of a specific line, and exit at each metro station and just walk around until you find 1) something to eat (no restaurant chains), 2) something to watch/explore (movie, museum, street performances, a old abandoned building, whatever), and 3) something odd (preferably cheap) to buy. Then, find your way back to that same metro station, and go back home. You follow the same metro line and every day, you go to the next station, until you've done them all. Obviously, some stations will lead you to a boring neighborhood, some stations may be situated in the same area as a couple of others, so you don't have to do one station a day. Plus there is obviously no restrictions in how much you can eat, or see, or buy. 

I think it's a nice way to explore your city. It sounds weird, and it really depends on where you live. It would work wonders in NYC, for instance, or Paris, but not in a little village 300 km away from the biggest city in Wisconsin, or something (nothing against Wisconsin). And it's not for everyone. It's really for those who like urban exploring. 

Good luck! : )

** by metro, I also mean subway.  




 Thanks, son. 




 I am listening to an edited version of Intro by the xx. : ) 




 I am thankful for your obsession with me. It's like I'm alive again.  




 Meh. No need for me to stay strong. It's a rather effortless thing. :) 




 I've never had so much attention in my life LET ME ENJOY MY MOMENT 




 I feel blessed.  




 Boy why are you so obsessed with me though?

Sad to see you think that my comments on tourism had anything to do with politics though. 




 Haven't yet, and never will! *asexual high five with myself * 




 Hey! I have felt the same way!

I have literally been in school since the age of 2 (yes, school. not daycare or preschool), and I decided to take a gap year from College last December, few weeks before my 19th birthday. Not only have I found something I really wanted to do for a year, I was also tired of that same meaningless routine. Also, since I'm not a summer person, I never felt really rejoiced to go back to school in the autumn after 2 or 3 months of utter misery. Now, almost six months later, I can't wait to go back to uni next year. 

Sometimes, you just have to take a break. Take a break and reconsider what you want to do. I don't suddenly love school, but at least now I sort of have a reason to go through it. I have life goals, as opposed to going to college in order to please my parents. 

Not saying school is for everyone, but I can understand it being quite overwhelming, and the best remedy for some is to take some good time off.  




 Hello! I am currently an au-pair in Germany. I'm an American from Canada, and I've been overseas for a little over four months now.

First things first. You should NOT become an au-pair if you just want to travel. This is a huge no-no. If childcare is not a priority, you will find your year very long. Also, if childcare is not something you like, the family and the children will notice it quickly, and they may not like that very much. As opposed to what you may think, you do not have that much time nor resources to travel. So unless you bring tons of cash with you, chances are you are not going to be leaving your country as often as you please. If traveling is all you want, then I recommend trying other things like backpacking, couch surfing (which is not really a great idea when you're a girl traveling alone) or a student exchange trip.

That aside. Personally I did not choose an agency, since I did not have the mean to pay for one. I used [Aupair World](http://aupair-world.net) and I believe it's just as good. You create your profile for free, and when you're ready, you can start looking for families. You can choose to have families that matches your profile to show, or you can search through all families. Some criteria they will ask you to fill are: location, city size (or village), time period, date, number of children, single parent or not, etc. While looking for families, there will be people with tons of pictures and informations on their profiles, some with very few. However, not everyone without a picture or not much information is being fraudulent. Sometimes, parents are just not comfortable putting pictures of their children online, and that's okay. Once you find a family you are interested in, or a family has contacted you, start asking 'preliminary questions'. Here's a list of possible things you may ask during that first contact.

["Getting to know each other" from Aupair World](https://www.aupair-world.net/how_to/questions_host_family)

["Which questions should I ask my host family?" from Aupair World](https://www.aupair-world.net/news/question_of_the_week/question_of_the_week_41)

["Interviewing: What questions should Au Pairs ask Families?" from Aupair Mom](http://aupairmom.com/interviewing-what-questions-should-au-pairs-ask-families/2010/08/18/celiaharquail/)

["3 Questions an Au Pair should ask YOU to make a good match." from Aupair Mom](http://aupairmom.com/3-questions-an-au-pair-should-ask-you-to-make-a-good-match/2009/10/22/celiaharquail/)

["AU PAIR QUESTIONS TO ASK YOUR FUTURE HOST FAMILY" from Speaking Denglish](http://www.speaking-denglish.com/ifbuttsarchive/au-pair-questions-ask-future-host-family/)

Then, if you're still interested, schedule a Skype interview or a phone call. Obviously a Skype interview is more reliable, since you see the people. During that Skype interview, you can go through more specific questions, some you can find in the links provided. 

If you do not feel safe, you can always request a background check. I think many people will give you one since they understand that moving to a foreign country is a huge risk. 

If you are coming to Europe, chances are you will have to take language courses, and normally the host family will have to pay for it (or a portion of it). And again, yo said you wanted to work in Europe. Well, being an au-pair is a job! It's not something you do on the side. You have to dedicate yourself to it. So it will be your job! However some au-pairs take jobs on the side, but then if you truly want to travel as well, not sure you'll have time for that. Also, some countries may not allow you to take a part-time job. It depends on the type of visa the country requires for Au-pairs. For instance Germany has an au-pair visa, and you are not allowed to do any other work with that visa.

All in all, reconsider the reasons why you want to be an au-pair. It is extremely fun, but childcare is the most important aspect of it. You will be working for a family, and not just left to do whatever, whenever. Also, your pay will be quite low. Of course, everything is paid for but you might want to think about budgeting, and not blowing your money on traveling all the time. Lastly, fix your schedule after you've find a match. Nothing says you will have the time required to accomplish everything you want. Being an au-pair is probably 30% traveling, 20% staying local, and 50% childcare.  




 I feel the same way! But not just about my appearance, but my name as well. It's hard to explain but like you said, when I see myself in pictures or in a mirror, I tend to think "I am that person." When I see my name, I think "(Name) is the name I have." rather than "My name is ..." I don't feel 'attached' to neither. I just bear those characteristics, if that makes any sense. 




 I know a girl who was asked if she could change anything about her appearance, what it would be. She said she was happy with how she looked, and she got insulted. 




 If you want to visit Quebec but you don't feel comfortable speaking French, go to Montreal! You can live there without speaking French, sometimes even without speaking English (you'll find your people, eventually). It is why the rest of Quebec sees Montreal as problematic because Quebec wants to be 100% French, then you have Montreal that's struggling to find its identity, still. But I think in a way, Montreal's identity is to not have just one. It's not English-Canadian, it's not French-Canadian either. It's a mix a both, with the perfect amount of foreign. And it's perfect (biased opinion, but seriously Montreal is perfect). 

Oh wow, that sounds interesting actually. I don't know much about the dynamics between American states, but I didn't think Texas and Arizona would match. 

Canada ... hmmm. I think from BC to Ontario, they would be together. Simply because provinces between BC and Ontario would be like "yeah sure whatever man." about it haha. Quebec would be on its own, but Montreal would be pissed because it would much rather be with Ontario. The Maritimes would probably stick together, then the Territories would be together as well ... but that's coming from someone who lived in Montreal haha. I think Montrealers, people from Vancouver and Toronto kinda think higher of their cities? And see the rest of Canada as empty and without any personality haha. So yeah. My opinion is wrong.  




 Mine is pretty uncommon, though sometime in 2009 I learned that it was more used in India as a last name. I don't mind it though. However, I don't know why but I don't feel attached to my name at all. I barely refer to myself as it, I don't encourage people to use it (it makes me extremely uncomfortable). So much so, that the last children I took care of never knew my name. If you want to catch my attention, do whatever it takes, but don't use my name. Please.  




 Nah Canada is way too massive to be alike from province to province. Look at Russia. It goes from [this](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2012/10/01/article-2211028-154A7685000005DC-688_634x475.jpg) to [this](https://photos.travelblog.org/Photos/85670/690348/f/6763602-Nenets-child-Nadym-Region-Siberia-0.jpg), and through thousands of other cultures. Same with Canada, though most of the country is westernized so the difference is not as shocking as Russia. But still. For instance, Alberta is like the Texas of Canada. If you were to go to Ontario, you'd be in the 'pretty much American' province (provided that you stay between Toronto and Windsor). Then Quebec is like the troubled province, because it has Montreal that is pretty much Toronto's little sibling, but the rest of the province is relatively traditional. 

And don't worry. Hockey is literally everywhere in Canada. I guess that's the only thing the whole country has in common.  




 awn puh-lease :') 




 Nope, however I do have a bad case of "How do I school these ~~dense ass~~ kids!" 




 Yes, I am passionate about North Korea, but I don't care if someone doesn't want to go there or not. However, if you're gonna give bullshit reasons, I sure as hell will tell you those reasons are bullshit. I don't understand why people from the Western World are so self-righteous about what they consider right or wrong. Like shit. If you're going to another country, there are laws you may not be used to and may not agree with, but they're there and just fucking respect them. Like if you go to Saudi Arabia, don't be stupid and drive up to the Mecca without being Muslim. If you're in Iran, don't be dumb and walk in a Mosque with your shoes on. You will get in deep shit trouble if break those rules, and honestly you'll deserve it because you had the opportunity to know about those rules, and you chose not to respect them. 

If you think dumb tourists being arrested and being treated like shit is enough reason not to go to a country, you're basically saying you can't help but be dumb, or you're better than those rules and shall not abide to them. Which is just stupid.  




 I didn't read it so I don't know, but slavery is slavery. No one had it better, no one has it worse. Slavery is never a choice, either. Either you were forced into it, or you had no choice but to go through it (that or death). It has always happened and it is still happening (and will probably always happen). I have no time for people comparing themselves at all.  




 Are you serious? Your examples are of people who literally broke Korean laws. Religion is illegal in North Korea. Who is dumb enough to bring a damn bible? Who is dumb enough to do anything religious in North Korea, when it is KNOWN to be illegal?

And you said it. VETERAN OF THE KOREAN WAR. He fought in the war that made North Korea miserable. You think they'll welcome him with opens arms?? Those people are idiots! They should know better! Like a journalist who goes to North Korea and gets arrested should know better. 

If you examples are of people who, despite many sources out there that explicitly explains the rules and laws of North Korea, decided to go anyway knowing they will break a few of them, I don't understand you. Maybe you know you're that type of dumb. If yes, then good. Stay away.  




 Once upon a time, me back in summer of 2014, I was bored and I taught myself cyrillic, mostly thanks to [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIKX9RYOX5w). Then for a semester, I had Russian lessons. I thought I wanted to learn Russian but turns out I only like how it looks and how it sounds. : ) 




 English written in cyrillic! 

Let's see if someone here can read cyrillic. ; ) 




 Hey! I live in Germany, and have been nice early February. It's quite a great country, though obviously it varies from city to city, and from person to person.  




 Due to my natural hair texture, it will probably remain shoulder-lentgh. However, I've been loving long hair on men. Oh my! 😍😍 




 It's not a matter of disagreeing, it's a matter of being dramatic over nothing. 

The regime will not do anything to you! We don't live in medieval times, not even North Korea. You're a foreigner. They can't just do anything they please with you, unless "you ask for it". Plus you will be in contact with normal Koreans because most are normal. There are probably more normal people there than wherever you live in now. The not normals are high ranking officials, and there's no way in hell you'd be given the opportunity to meet any of them. 

When was the last time you heard about a tourist who did nothing wrong, but who got sent in prison by North Korea? Never happened, and never will. North Koreans are not stupid!  




 Hello, friend! Looks like we have one major thing in common! 

I daydream too! And I absolutely would love to have them in a more concrete form. I used to write, but for some reason I was not satisfied. I am not quite a 'word' person. I like to see. My wish as a child was to be good at drawing so I could concretize those dreams, but I never really put the required effort into it. However the game series Sims helped me a lot when it came to turning those fantasies into reality. I have been playing these games since 2006, I believe, but I left all my Sims 3 game back home (I moved). Right now I'm in dire need of playing the game.

Do your alternative realities/lives somehow follow your everyday life? For instance, if you're unhappy 'in real life' does your alternate self or someone from your alternate realities feel the same way? Also, good to hear it doesn't affect your work!  




 Here's the problem when people look at North Korea. People think that every single North Koreans is like Kim Jong Un. Most of those you will meet are people just trying to get by. Work during the day, find a nice meal at home in the evening. Guides and escorts are the same. They are not dicks. Therefore, they are not trying to get you in trouble, since they will get in trouble as well. Unless they are actual dicks but there won't be more people trying to purposely get you in trouble in Korea than in your neighborhood. 

Also, maybe you've been watching older videos, because since 2010, North Koreans have been really cool with Americans (law-wise. It's easier to get in). Plus of course they'll talk about how North Korea beat America, and how America sucks. That's their job! They have to say this, or they get fired (or worse!) They aren't trying to frame you. Worst case scenario, they absolutely do not give two shit about you (but many will actually be nice and eager to talk to you, since many are fascinated by the West). 

Lastly, do not watch videos from journalists in disguise. Journalists have a tendency to make things sound horrible, when nothing out of the ordinary is happening. Watch people filming their vacations instead.  




 Nah it didn't suck. It is interesting and very informative. However, TIL (and most of Reddit, tbh) is very selective of what gets to the front page. I mean. The most random things get the most attention, while actual informative things barely make it (unless it's the news). If you go to the 'new' section of AskReddit, many very interesting topics get buried immediately because Reddit is full of kids who just want to 'lolz' for a few seconds, or find the most irrelevant details worth mentioning. 

But oh well. Not your fault. We can talk about it here, though! :D 




 No. She was ugly. Hideous. A real monster. Had to cover her face with toilet paper to make sure I didn't puke in our mouths.  




 Oh wow I didn't know that. So interesting! Thanks a lot!  




 What?! Where do you live? Poor you! Let's patiently wait for September and that comforting chilly wind!  




 No. The thing is, no one but yourself will know if you've followed the brigading or not. What outsiders can know for a fact though, is that OP posted on another subreddit about a post she made on TIL. Obviously some people will upvote that post only because of this reason. Whether it applies to you personally or not doesn't really matter.  




 Me neither, but I think people who go on 'new' often would.

I understand what OP wanted, but eh. It wasn't going to work. So many TIL get posted every hour, so few reach the front page. Plus usually those that make it to the front page are things very few people actually know. While Black people fighting in wars is very well known ... just not mentioned enough.  




 No, because you wouldn't have voted after seeing this post asking to upvote the other one. 




 I totally understand, and it is something I hate about our culture. If you're sad because your phone died, you are allowed to be. If you're sad because they put pepperoni when you asked for sausages on your pizza, you are totally allowed to be devastated and to cry about it. Now if you're going to consciously give yourself problems in order to have your sadness validated, um, no. Don't.  




 I never said you had an awesome life, I said if you want to be anhedonic or 'invisible', then you are not by default. So you're already in a better place than those who feel this way on a daily basis. 

Also, I am not making victims out of everyone, you want to victimize yourself for no damn reason. I was relatively okay with being in a terrible situation, accepting it more and more everyday, until you (amongst others) decided to make a game out of it. 

Also, it is a negative thing when you go though it, without choosing to be so, on a daily basis. It can be positive for others, and it's okay! But you treating it like some type of fun activity to do when you're bored is insulting to those who cannot go through it.

And that other user saying is a game is just as infuriating as you are. 

So you're telling me, in order to understand someone who is anorexic for instance, you'll starve for days? Then when you can't take it anymore, you'll sob over a burger and tell that friend "Omg! I didn't eat for two days! Omg I couldn't do it and I cried! I so missed Mc Donald's!!" Do you think that friend will be a friend any longer? 

I am appalled. I hope you're young and that you mature up a little.  




 Makes sense! That last bit is actually quite fascinating, since the same happens with French! Canadian French is apparently closer to 'original' French, than French French is! Well, maybe not original. But the educated or the Royals spoke like modern-day French Canadians (accent-wise), apparently.  




 That's what I've noticed, too. It's like humans have a built-in martyr complex. Of course, happiness is subjective. However, people who know they're lucky and in a good place, who do not have to go through "uncalled for unhappiness and hardship" always want to try to be unfortunate. Lately, it's been crazy! People trying to be homeless for a day, people trying to be a racial minority for a day, people trying to 'have' mental disorders for a day ... and that last one pisses me off out of everything. If you call out someone for being insulting by trying to be, for instance, anorexic, you'll have countless of people who agree with you because it's so obviously insulting to those who are suffering from anorexia. But when it comes to psychological problems, everyone is like "Eh ... get over it??? They're just trying to feel for you and understand you???"  




 You are so wrong.

First of all, if you think trying to be like someone who is going through something negative is just "trying something new", you have no empathy. You are doing it for yourself. 

Second, if you think calling someone a war refugee is insulting and outrageous, you are either just being ridiculous or you have no idea what the word war and/or refugee mean.

No. You do not need to go through what I am going through to know empathy. You do not need to starve in order to feel for a starving person. You do not need to purposely cut in order to feel for someone who self arms. You do not need to paint yourself black and walk in an all-white neighborhood to know what racism is. You have ears, or eyes, so you can understand what people who go through this EVERY DAY have to say about it. Also, it is NOT a choice for those people. So you choosing to go through it is insulting, because you can just stop whenever. While those people cannot stop.

If you need to live something in order to feel empathy, then you're no so empathic. Obviously you won't fully understand something until you go through it yourself, but empathy can be felt without being able to fully relate. 

I was insulted because you wanted to feel what it's like to live my life 'for fun'. Which, I could tell you. Just ask me! You did it one night, didn't like it, and now you're back to your normal self, like nothing happened. I'm stuck in this miserable life until the day I die. Do you think it's cool to hear about someone who did it "for fun"?? When I didn't chose it? Really????  




 Same! But I think it's because the British English, being the original, is heavily influenced by French, and since we speak French, we naturally prefer that spelling because it makes more sense?  




 Oh lord. You've triggered the bitter old lady in me.

Why would you want to feel this way? I don't understand the fascination with going through something negative. I don't know if I'm the only one, but it pisses me off. Like people who want to make those social experiments by wearing a hijab for a day to see what it's like to feel racism, or those who purposely put themselves in a negative situation to feel what it's like to be depressed or whatever. What bothers me is when those people are in a good situation, and they put themselves in a bad situation they can just snap out of. Just for fun. And it's like ... ugh! I don't know. It's most probably envy. But man does it piss me off. 

No need to actually experience something, people who go through it can tell you just fine. I can understand wanting to have a first hand experience, but then we're talking about difficulties of people. Could you imagine if someone came up with a "find out what it feels like to be a war refugee!" experiment? How outrageous and insulting it would be? It's the same with most people who feel anhedonic, people with depression, lonely people, asocial people, etc. Plus hey, we can't just snap out of it, so trust us. We know what it's like, and we have lots to tell you about.  




 Same! When I first started speaking English (I lived in Canada), I did not know different English had different spellings. What's worse with Canada though is that it uses both!  




 French being my first language, orthography is a little more strict. We have those 'special' characters, like the 'cédille' (  ¸ ), the 'tréma' ( ¨ ), the 'accents' like 'aigu' ( ´ ), the 'grave' ( ` ) and the 'circonflexe' ( ^ ). 

When I turned 13, I started writing full words again, but I would always omit these characters because I was lazy haha. For instance, this sentence: La tronçonneuse a découpé le seul arbre à thé de l’île thaïlandaise (the saw cut the only tea tree of the thai island). 

I would write it like: la tronconneuse a decoupe le seul arbre a the de lile thailandaise.

I would also omit apostrophes, and some of those words that end with -é, I would end them with -er because it's the same sound. 

I think at the age of 15 and to this day, I tried my best to go as far as writing those characters, check my grammar, use my punctuation properly, etc. 

I like writing well, though lately I've been into some abbreviations like ngl (not gonna lie), nbg (no big deal), irl (in real life). But I'm most probably going write "If I recall correctly" instead of IIRC, or "As soon as possible" instead of ASAP. 

And my grammar sucks in all languages as speak. :( 




 Most words in English that have double letters. And ironically (since my first language is French), many borrowed words from French. Sometimes the spelling is different, sometimes not. So I have to guess.  




 I'm huge on astronomy, but I'm no scientist so bear with me. 

There is a theory called panspermia, that basically says what you did (but in a a less hollywood-like fashion). Basically, life could have started on another planet, Mars being the best candidate since young Mars used to be like Earth as we know it. Basically, the first organisms that were 'alive' might have been from Mars, and then meteors, asteroids, etc. that have hit Mars, could have brought with them some of those organisms. That same theory also suggests that comets might have been what have brought water to Earth by hitting it (since they are made of ice), and maybe they had living organisms on them as well.

Panspermia doesn't only concern Earth and Mars, it concerns the entire Universe. But since Earth is the only planet we know has life, and Mars is the only planet nearby we know that could have carried life, the theory seems to fit our situation the best. 

Panspermia is less fantastic, since we're talking about tiny organisms. Not life as we would imagine it to be. Also, we're talking about billions of years, so a movie about that would either be too long, or too edited. Can you imagine "100 million years later, those Martian organisms are swimming in what we'll later know as The Pacific Ocean'." 




 32 is terrible! Here today it was 24 and I was so unhappy about it. I waited until 6 pm to get outside haha. I am really looking forward to Tuesday. 16 degrees only!

One thing I love about the city I'm in is that it's dry. I used to live in a very humid place. 30 degrees usually meant feeling like it's 40+. Terrible.  




 Not a career, and not even considered a job for some ... but I'm an au-pair. 

In exchange of free boarding in a foreign country, an au-pair take care of children. Usually young people (mostly girls) who wish to travel for cheap opt for that option. Also as an au-pair, you do get a salary but it's the absolute minimum since everything you need is provided. On average, a contract lasts a year, but some families only need someone for a few months. An au-pair may renew their contract with a family or find someone else in the same country. The only country that does not allow renewal of au-pair contracts/visa is Germany. You cannot stay there, as an au-pair, for more than a year (however, some au-pairs get a student visa instead, and are then considered 'roommates' to the host family, rather than working for them). 

I love childcare. It is something I always wanted to do, and I've been doing it on and off (unfortunately, I also have social anxiety so getting a childcare job was impossible). My number reason to become an au-pair was for the childcare part. It felt much easier to get a job as one. Also, I desperately wanted to spend time away from my family. Third reason was to be in Germany, since I've been learning German in college. 

If I could, I would honestly renew my contract with the family I'm with, until their child turns 6 and goes to school full time. Or if they decide to have more children, I'd stick around until the last one turns 6. Obviously I can't, unless I choose to get a student visa. It's not easy though. One, I'd need to get into school, which is not easy as a foreigner. Two, my german suck. Second problem is that it's obviously not my choice. Maybe they would want someone else next year anyway.  




 Actually most often than not, I see characters that get out of bad situations because they are skilled. And that annoys me. Of course, some may be skilled, but the random pizza delivery guy who lives with a blind cat cannot, in any way, know how to perfectly assemble a gun, aim and shoot a guy running faster than Usain Bolt.

To be fair, I don't watch much TV and the only shows I can remember are police or detective shows.  




 Years ago, I read an article about how it doesn't change color (I mean, you can be born with green eye and then by age 10, they're gray then by age 20, they're brown, but eyes should not change color every day). What changes is the amount of light that reflects off of it, that gets absorbed (etc.), angles, the size of your pupil, and also perception from one individual to the other. 

That was many years ago because some kid in High School said their eyes changed depending on their mood. I'll need to update my researches though.  




 I recommend this, too! Though personally I hate the heat, summer, the sun, etc. so I don't walk anymore. I take the train though. Yesterday, I bought pizza and I just sat on the train until the very end. Then I went to the opposite terminus, and then back home again. I had a good meal, it was a great opportunity to people watch, I reached the airport as well (though it's not that busy of an airport, so I saw no takeoff or landings :( )

It's the best.  




 Never said you should, either.  




 Because they are good-hearted people. 

They go through hell but still wake up every morning and respect their duties. Rebellions are relatively rare, and their sense of discipline and hard work is impeccable. Have you seen an Arirang Show? Do google/youtube it. It's incredible. It's all manmade! The West barely does half of this with all the technology we have. Imagine if they were given technology, what they would do.

They also have a remarkable sense of sharing. It's probably because of the situation they are in, and they have no choice but to be altruistic. 

And lastly, they are the most sensible people you'll ever meet. Given their situation, I can understand how they end up being extremely empathic, but they really are. 

Obviously, not every single Korean is like that. Someone who has it relatively good will probably not be empathic and altruistic. Which explains why the leaders suck so much. Also, I can understand how it is so easy for the leader of North Korea to keep his people 'in check', given they value hard work, obedience and discipline so much. Add fear to the mix and you're almost guaranteed to keep your dictatorship intact.  




 Yes. You can only go to North Korea to have a guided tour. I think you can stay in your hotel if you wish though? So I guess if you don't want a guide, stay in the hotel. But you'll be bored: Korean TV is mostly propaganda, some hotels have karaokes but that gets old pretty quickly, some hotels have internet, others don't, and hotels are mostly empty, and the staff may not want to chill with you since that's not their job, and they're being supervised. Plus you won't be allowed to go outside, so it'll be a waste of money.

However, nothing says you will be completely alone. Say you do stay in the hotel room most of the time, someone will check on you quite often. Making sure you're not making a bomb with USA written on it or something. Also, some visitors have said they've felt listened while in their room (which is very likely, since it happens to citizens in their homes). 

The only place you can visit North Korea without a guide is the DMZ, on the South Korean part. The parts directly against the NK/SK border are obviously very heavily monitored and the rules are strict, but some areas are okay and very tourist-y. You can go on a tower and 'spy on' Koreans, you can look through googles. There's a movie theater, a tunnel North Korea dug in order to try to cross the border that you can go down on (it's a workout). And of course, souvenir shops! You're still being watched but you won't feel it. I went there though, and I didn't enjoy it. It's propaganda after propaganda. Everything the soldiers (our guides, but you don't have to follow them) said and whatever you could read was a sob story about how South Korea and the USA are trying *soooo* hard to respect NK and give them the best opportunities, and that NK is just being really mean and they're all very sad about it. But hey, at least you get to eat ice cream while you hear it all! 

Edit: Not sure you can just spontaneously drive up to the DMZ, but I'm just speculating. After a certain checkpoint, I only saw buses.  




 Not sure you'll be given this opportunity. North Koreans know that the West is against Marijuana, so unless you have a cool guide/escort, he'll probably refuse to provide you with some, or tell you where to get it. North Korea doesn't want bad press, ironically enough.

Plus North Koreans don't smoke for the same reason as Westerners do. To them, it's just cheaper than cigarettes. It grows wherever, so might as well smoke it. And it's also used for medical reasons. So it's not like people promote it, really. And if you're in Pyongyang, you will not encounter it has much (provided that you will most likely see and meet people who can afford cigarettes). 

Lastly, you won't be given the opportunity to just chill with the citizens, unless it was planned. Sometimes, if you visit a school, you may spend some time there. If you visit a 'model house', you may be able to chat a bit with the inhabitants. But as a tourist, you won't be able to visit a random person and just go inside their home, sit back and smoke weed. I think the only people you can chill with are other tourists, the guide/escort (if they're really cool), and maybe some of the hotel employees. But not for long. They aren't being paid to be your friends.  




 I understand the "don't want to encourage them" argument, and I remember someone discussing it here, actually. I wish I could find a link.

However, it is not that risky. Honestly. If you behave like a descent human being and you listen, you will be 100% fine. They are not dumb. They know when a tourist has made a mistake and when one is deliberately trying to start shit. You must be extremely unlucky to have a guide/escort that is gratuitously mean too. Most of them are just honest workers trying to bring home some money (and they are as scared as you, since if you get in big trouble, so do they).  




 The worst that can happen to you as a tourist is to be sent back home. Unless you broke a major rule, which to be honest, would be a really stupid thing to do. I mean. If you consciously took the decision to go to North Korea, you have to be a really dumb person to not respect any rule.

As for insulting statues or whatever, they know when it's accidental or deliberate. If it's deliberate but still minor, again, chances are they'll send you back home. If it's bigger (and I mean, if it's a huge deal), you may end up in prison but your country of origin, hopefully, won't be like "Well fuck. We lost one. Good luck, chap!" they'll do everything they can to bring you back home, and then you'll be banned from North Korea forever, etc. 

If you insult it by accident, they'll just tell you to behave differently. They know you're a tourist. How are you supposed to know you've made a mistake?  




 You obviously can't go to Korea, as a tourist, on your own. As a tourist, you have to get a tour pack, which you can find online actually. Sometimes (usually the summer), this means tens of people with you. If you're lucky (or unlucky?) you can be alone with a guide/escort. To get permission to get inside of North Korea can be quite tricky, since obviously they won't allow just about anyone to get in.

If you're South Korean, good luck. You will not get in. Sometimes, they may be harsher with Japanese people as well. I think if you're Chinese though, the process will be much quicker. As for Americans, it's actually quite easy now. The only thing is that you are not allowed to take the train to North Korea anymore (from China). And if you're a journalist, there's no way you'll ever get in.

You cannot walk on your own either. You will always be with an escort, and you will be asked to stay with your group. Therefore, everything you will be doing and seeing are well planned and calculated. No spontaneous walk in the park or whatever. You can 'drift off' from your group "by mistake", which is how the most daring people have managed to capture pictures North Koreans officials would never let the Western World see, but that technique only works if your guide/escort is a cool guy. I've heard of people who got in big trouble from doing that. Other than that, you are asked to stay in your hotel room, which you can visit "freely". Many floors and rooms will be barricaded and locked though. 

According to the guy I know who went there, it's expensive as hell. Just the trip to North Korea is 1000+ USD for five days. Keep in mind, 1000 is the cheapest so you'll most likely pay more. Also, that is the price for the entire guided tour. However, you have to pay your way to China, which itself is quite expensive.  




 I think what's annoying with downvotes is that you get buried so deep into the thread, and only people part of circle-jerks seem to notice you. That can be so infuriating.  




 Man I'm glad you changed your mentality because I must say this, I truly hate it. It's so dumb, and I especially hate how it's considered normal for people our age (college kids) to do and think so. 

But personally, I have yet to feel a moment where I'm like "Well, time to grow up." because unfortunately, from age 12 or so, I transformed into a bitter old lady. I think I need a "Time to be young again" moment, but at the same time, I'm kind of enjoying being a bitter old lady. Well no. Not enjoying it, but I truly hate the other option so might as well stay the way I am.  




 Nope, just someone who knows the difference between the leader of a country, and the country itself.  




 It is not expired, North Korea just thinks it's invalid. In 2013, they wrote their own peace treaty to replace the armistice, but obviously South Korea will not sign it.

The UN and the US have no interest in changing the armistice or making a new one or whatever, unless both parties agree on it. So that won't happen.

In any case, I meant that it was not a very dangerous country. If we want to get technical, South Korea is a war zone as well, and their capital is about 60 km away from the DMZ, which should make it a sketchy place to be at. That doesn't stop millions of tourists and residents to roam the streets of Seoul, though.  




 I blocked everything I've ever posted on Facebook (and I've had an account since 2007). As for other social media platforms, I very seldom post personal informations. I mean, I do have like personal anecdotes here and there but you wouldn't be able to put a face or a name on it.

I had MySpace before that, and it was a mess! I didn't know the meaning of filter back then or something, because anything went on there.

But then I guess I'm kind of doing the same with Tumblr, but in moderation. If you're lucky (or unlucky) and you follow me, you might have seen my face once or twice. My name is right on my blog though, and I do share personal anecdotes, but I don't think I'm getting much attention on Tumblr, so it's all good.  




 I'm not so generous of a person. I won't share something with someone unless I talk with that person regularly. So ... eh, no. I talk to maybe three people regularly, so they'd probably know about it. Th rest? I don't see the point.  




 It's a very interesting country, and the people are amazing. Korea is not a war zone, the danger level is not high. When you're a foreigner, as long as you listen to the rules, you'll be fine and you may enjoy it. Now of course, if you have eyes to see and you're not being too much of a tourist (a.k.a wanting to look at pretty things only), you'll feel uncomfortable all the time, because you'd know what's really happening 'behind the scenes'. And you'll feel for the people who probably worked countless hours just to make the country look good to you. But then again, North Koreans are great people, the country itself is quite amazing (see all they've done with the little they have), and you'll be learning a shitton of history. 

I never went there though. Just spent countless hours watching documentaries on YouTube, reading stories from actual tourists and other officials who spent time there. However some guy who works with the people I live with went there. I have never been so envious.  




 I try not to listen to lyrics, personally. I have yet to find a song that has lyrics that I liked. It always sounds really awkward and forced. However, I like how language sounds. So I have no problem whatsoever with foreign music. So basically, I like how things sounds.  




 Yu-Gi-Oh. I watched episode of that and fell in love with Yugi. I think he was my first TV crush.  




 I remember Sister Sister so well. My sister and I would run from wherever we would be, just to do the pose they do after the opening credits. Damn we must have looked ridiculous. 




 No, sorry. Canada is huuuge and I'm from the West part of it, while Edmonton is more to the East. I've only been there on a plane. Well, I flew over it. So all I can tell you is that the general era, the Rockies, looks amazing! So if you're into nature and all, you'll very much enjoy it.

However I know that in the summer, in Calgary (which is 2-3 hours away from by car) has a stampede. So if you're into that, there's that as well. But really. Canada is super various from province to province, so someone from province A won't really know what's happening in province B. I'm sorry : ( But TripAdvisor is your friend! :D 




 Ah since you're a foreigner, you wouldn't be eligible unfortunately. It's for students only. 

However, during the summer, you can get some really good deals depending on the time or the location you're at. Sometimes, you can get a really good deal if you attend certain events, or shop at certain places, etc. 

By the way I used to be in Montreal, so I don't know how other cities deal with this.  




 I was lucky enough to have attended private school all of my life (except for two months, since I emigrated in April during 2nd grade, and only public school allowed me to get in for the remaining two months). From Grade 5, I attended a catholic smallish school, and on top of that, from Grade 7 to Senior Year, we were all girls.

Bullying didn't really happen, and everyone fitted in (no one was left alone, unless they chose to be alone). Girls fight and hate on each other behind each other's back haha. However, my self-esteem dropped immensely some time in Grade 8. I have no idea why. I know it's related to school. I became extremely self-conscious. One of the many reasons I like to blame was that it was in Grade 8 that we started a project, which was a student exchange with kids our age in Mexico. I personally really wanted to just build a cool friendship with someone, and I was unfortunately matched with the 'hottest guy'. We talked, but soon enough I noticed him using me to get to the pretty girls of my year. When they finally came in Grade 9, I went to him to say hi, and he was like "Hey! You're 'train_subject9951', right?" and I was really happy he remembered me, but seconds later, he turned his back and started talking to another classmate of mine, who, for some reason, decided not to wear much that day. 

I was both unhappy and kind of shocked, because, well, I'm not a pretty girl. Felt like all the attention I'll ever get from there on would be from being pretty, which I am not. Girls like girls with whom they can relate to, and most girls of my school were into partying, makeup ... being stereotypical teenage girls. I was not like them. My social skills then dropped to absolute zero, my self-esteem reached an all-time low, and I slowly started secluding myself. I'm having a hard time undoing all of that.  




 Actually, I really hated turning 18 because where I lived in Canada, students who were 17 and younger were able to pay a reduced price for all fares (on their public transportation cards), but once you turn 18 and until age 25, you pay full price for everything but for the monthly pass. It's cool, but sometimes I'd only need a week pass, and paying full price was a real pain. (26+ pay full price on everything no exception). 

Other than that, I really wanted to go to a Drag Queen show, which is 18+ for obvious reasons. Never got to attend one though. Yet.  




 It has nothing to do with how we are wired. It's 100% cultural. Europe for instance is just recently becoming prude. Twenty years ago, a topless German woman answering the door to the mailman was no big deal, and I believe it was the same with France. If you go to remote tribes today, breasts are mostly seen as those things young children get their food from. Plus covering them would be uncomfortable and not so practical. 

So yeah. It's culture.  




 Not only immature, but we've sexualized them. Overly prude people who find them indecent are a problem, but the "mmmmmm boobiiiiiies *drools*" type of people are incredibly annoying and problematic as well. 




 What I find funny is that on Untucked, they censored nothing at all. Even (I believe) Tempest Dujour drew a vagina on her and it was not censored.

Though Untucked is on YouTube so yeah I guess it's different. 




 Twin!  




 FPH being banned, to me, was good news. Because that subreddit was shit, the people there were just being hateful for the sake of being mean, but eh, whatever. I didn't care before, as long as they kept it to themselves and they aren't going around, messaging people, going on other subreddits, choosing random victims, etc. Like I imagined it as a text-only, kind of "this fat bitch at the supermarket today smelled like rotten cheese was stuck in her neck rolls" type of stories being written, and everyone just indulging in their uncalled for hate.

But, it's not. It's like, as soon as someone from there finds a fat person, they go in the subreddit and link that person's profile, or comment, or picture. And they go fucking nuts. Threatening personal messages, harassment, downvoting all comments, apparently doxxing?

But obviously, if you ban one, twenty thousand billions will pop up, because Reddit is filled with a bunch of kids. I think for the other subreddits, it's better to just let them happen. Most of them will be forgotten anyway since they were created kind of in the moment. If it gets out of hand though, just block everyone. This isn't a matter of Freedom of Speech. This is a matter of not being an idiot, but nah Reddit doesn't get it.  




 Being black on Reddit sucks. Being a woman on Reddit sucks. Being fat on Reddit sucks. Now imagine being all three. Yay me. 




 That sounds great! 

I am unfortunately not an outdoor person, but I truly enjoy opening my window when it's really cool and raining outside, and just chill in bed. However I did enjoy walking my dog in bad weather, at night. It felt so great.  




 Same! I miss autumn/end of winter. Usually, those periods also mean lots of rain, lots of grey skies, lots of wind. Paradise.  




 Is it a thing one can do? How do you regain pleasure again? Personally I am at a point where in order to call something fun, I need to put myself in someone else's shoes and try to guess, from their perspective, if it is indeed fun. Kinda sick of it.  




 Yes, I do it quite often. Except, I try to be as passive as possible. I do it (or try to) in a way that will let the other person believe that they are the one distancing themselves from me, and not me pushing them away. Usually, I just frustrate them, and kind of go for the "See? That is reason #609-5 section b why you should hate me and abandon me." 'technique'. I don't want their pity or whatever, I don't fake anything, I just do it I guess, and I have no idea why. If I were to truly think about it, I think it's because deep inside I feel like I do not deserve their attention, but most importantly, that their attention cannot be genuine towards me, since I am not worth it. 

As for the moods, I think it has something to do with your level of motivation, and not so much 'different' personalities. 




