 I liked it :) 




 I've played that mission dozens of times and I just learned that today 




 Fair enough. Thanks. 




 Thank you for the long reply. You're very kind :) it assuaged several of my concerns 




 I'm sitting here at college orientation, and we're scheduling tomorrow. I'm very nervous, mainly because it's my future I'm beginning to decide on (I know I always have the option to change it). Being an actuary has always appealed to me, but I've got so many concerns, and I was wondering if you had any thoughts on them. Will I have time for a family? A social life? Will this take over my life?

Edit: does anyone have any actual advice? 




 Thanks for the reply, this really helps. Appreciate it.  




 I have enough money to unlock any base-game gun (no dlc), but I absolutely cannot find a set of skills that works for me to survive on death wish. My dodge build is pitiful, and my heavy build barely works on very hard. Can anyone help? 




 Yeah, definitely take them to the humane society 




 Max ammo, nuke, fire sale 




 This is awesome :) 




 Congrats!
 




 The account name is John, so that pretty much confirms that this is potato salad trying to make first contact with us 




 I've never really played basketball in my life, but I really want to start. So if you get an answer, I'd like to know too! 




 145! Thank op
 









 Not sure this is the right subreddit bud 




 Run upstairs to see if I can pee and get back down before it hits zero. 




 You're awesome for sticking with helping him 




 Lol poor op 




 I know the fire station on Fremont and weaver rd has a park next to it with like twelve different calisthenics things 




 Personally I love it, I play it endlessly. But I can see how it's not for everyone. I'd try to play it at a friends or something first, but if I had to chose again I'd absolutely get it. 




 Just curious, what reference is that? 




 I personally love it. And I've just started playing the second map, and while I love it too, I'd say the first one is better.  




 Thanks! 




 First, has anyone else noticed that right when you spawn in, a warbird lifts off of the roof of value voltage, almost like they dropped you off. Is there an explanation for that? And second, has anyone figured out how to unlock the ending cutscene? 




 I'm on the moto x right now, I absolutely love it 




 I don't feel like sh ruined zombies, I love playing their version too. 




 Yup! 




 I just drove home from working there, funny seeing it on here now. I can't get away from Braums :( 




 Please please please do this again, it's awesome! 




 Ozy 




 I really appreciate you asking, I actually just made a therapy appointment with my old therapist who I really liked. Im hoping things go okay. Thank you so much though.  




 Not fucking well, not fucking well 









 That was really, really nice of you :) thanks for making my day 




 I'd love one if there are any left! 




 Thanks 









 I'm not the new York NY and I know babe this is a lot of the new York NY and 




 Great summary, thank you very much.  




 Hey, I work there! :) 









