 Thank you for this. I think this is what I needed to hear. 




 One of the reasons juicing hasn't worked for you in the past is because it's not a balanced diet and not sustainable. You have to ease into weight loss and it sounds like you just stopped everything and started juicing. That is a shock to your body. Creating a healthy balanced diet is the only proven way to lose weight in the long term. Also, it helps to have one cheat food. For me it's dark chocolate and I give myself an ounce a day. It significantly cuts down the cravings.  Good luck with everything.   




 This sounded too much like Structural Geology... 




 I would really like to hear Bryke's reasoning behind this ship!  




 Annnnddd now I'm crying.. :'( 




 Korra can give and take away bending now, so why couldn't she make more airbenders?  









 ethnocentrism?  














 He was Martin, the baseball player. Ruthie was in love with him. His father was in the military and he lived with the Camdens for a while. He was on the show for a a few years. 




 7th Heaven? 




 He went to my high school!  




 The one you say looks like a fish, looks to me like an orthocone.  




 Annnnd there go my ovaries...  




 I quit swimming my freshman year of HS (it's been 5 years), but recently I've been wanting to get back in shape. I was a decent swimmer when I was competitive, so it hasn't taken too long for me to get back to where I was. I got in the pool 4 weeks ago, and I've been swimming 4 times/week and today I swam 2200 yards (in sets), and timed a 30sec 50 (without a start). Feels good man!  




 I go to Dickinson also! Went to the Bay last semester. I wish we could have seen this house. That looks like a really cool adventure!  




 It's the onion. While usable rocks are an exhaustible resource, and we can be smarter about management, some of the comments are kinda dumb. Pet rocks aren't the issue.  




 Damn fuck. That is incredibly sad. I read the title and my heart sank; I'm so sorry for you...I wish you luck in your recovery.  




 Hot damn... 




 Onyx. Boss name.  




 I bet he gets all the ladies. 




 You haven't been to r/Ladyboners before, have you? 




 It could work in a man-cave, but nowhere else.  




