 Washington it is. Born and raised. Now, I must apologize, but I have to call it a night. It was awesome talking to you, and I really am glad I met you. Feel free to send me a message anytime. When I'm at work (like I will be for a chunk of the day tomorrow), I still manage to find a bit of time to lurk around. Take care, Wiscy! Keep on writing and keep on kicking ass! Have a good night! 




 LoL - Well, hm. Let me consider the facts before me. You type with an accent, which suggests a bit east from where I am on this blue dot. Well, quite a bit east of where I call home. But, based off this one small clue... New York? No, no... not even close, what was I thinking? ........Wisconsin? Possibly?

As for myself - I live 20 minutes outside of a city I like to call Sea-Town. 




 If he's saying things like this to you, and insisting on doing things that make you uncomfortable, then, to me at least, it doesn't sound like he's in it for 'you' or 'us'. It sounds a lot like he's just in it for him. If he's not making an effort to understand what you're going through and support you, than I'm with scratch on this one - start exploring your options. Yes, it's scary trying to think of the future when you're so unsure of the present. But don't let that further cripple you. Talk to your parents about moving in with them temporarily until you can get back on your feet, financially and emotionally. If he isn't taking the steps to help you, then start taking steps to help yourself. Small ones at first, bigger ones when you feel more confident. But the small steps are important, because each small step leads to a small victory, and with each small victory, you come closer to a larger victory - those big steps you can take. And while you're winning those small victories, your confidence will grow. Take care of yourself. If you feel you don't matter to him, don't let that effect your mindset. You do matter. You are worth the fight. If not to him, then to someone who can and will support you and seek to understand you. I hope you the best of luck in whatever you choose to do, and  I sincerely hope that your situation does improve. Keep fighting. It's worth it. It may not be easy, but it is worth it. 




 That's great! In two weeks, you'll be back at that table-saw woodworking! You love boardgames, eh? Have you considered combining these two passions, along with your writing skills, and possibly making a game of your own? 




 Or maybe your light has just dimmed to the point you think it's gone out? Loneliness is a burden that can be crushing. But, I honestly believe that if you, when you're alone, you take that time to use to soul-search; explore why you feel how you feel, explore the ways it effects you. I believe that we all have a light inside us, but this light is... well, almost like a plant. It has to be nurtured, tended to, and encouraged. It needs to be fed - when you find your light, and I truly hope you do, the best way to nurture it is to expose it to the light of others. The flames will entwine while you're together, feed each other, and when you go home, having been fed and nurtured, your light has a much better chance of continuing to glow and grow. 




 If you don't mind me asking - is your condition permanent or temporary? 




 You're welcome! 




 In a lot of ways, yes, I am a loner. I have a small group of friends offline, small enough to count on one hand - but that's how I like it. But I'm also the type who does, from time to time, like to bust out of my bubble and socialize - when I do, I'm a bit of a social butterfly. I like to talk to different people, learn who they are and what drives them. You meet some really interesting people this way. Hell, it's how I just met you! As for my username... well, I don't know if this will make sense, but here's my quick and dirty of what it means. train_subject1457 means, to me, 'memories'. Past experiences shrouded by time, that still echo around in my mind. Some of them are good, some of them aren't. But to me, it means to remember your past, and where you've been. But it's in the past, which means I'm not chained to my past - if anything, my past will help shape my future, not define it.

As for hobbies, I have a few. I cycle through them from time to time, but I like to play my guitar from time to time, I like to draw (even though it's not something I'd consider myself very good at, but I'm learning), and like you, I like to write. In fact, writing is my favorite hobby. I don't do it nearly as often as I used to, but I do bust out the pen and notepad from time to time. Like you, I like writing poetry as well. I've dabbled in short horror stories myself, and explored other genre's as well; shorts, mainly, but fantasy and sci/fi.  




 That's a step. And I can relate - if I ever sank so low as to go back to cocaine, I'd be gone within days, if not hours. It's unfortunate, but in a lot of ways 'once and addict, always an addict' is true. But that shouldn't define you. Again, I'd encourage you to give your guitar another shot. If you can't think of a song to play, then make a list of the songs you know, and pick one at random, and just play it. It's something I do, and I do it - even if I have to force it. Because once you get a song or two out, it becomes easier to just play. If you don't know a lot of songs - well, even better! Pick a song you love, and learn it. Even if you do know a lot of songs, learn a new one! Or go on to YouTube, find a guitar tutorial, and learn some new techniques. 

And every life is worthwhile. Every story is worth writing. Don't come down on yourself so far for 'ending up' here - a lot of us have, some of us as a last resort, and it's helped. You seem like you're at whit's end, but instead of making the choice to step out of this life, you ended up here. With us. People who are, at the very least, willing to listen. Remember that next time you're down and come back. And yes, please, lurk the shit out of this sub! You'll be amazed by what you find. I know I have. Hope this helps, and take care of yourself. Like I said, and I'll say it again. You. Are. Worth it. 




 Don't apologize, you're going through some really rough times. Watching someone you love sink into the depths of alcoholism is rough - or so I hear. From my wife. Like you, my father was an alcoholic, like his father before him. And, like my father, I found myself struggling with alcoholism for a period of time in my life. To this day, I still have trouble with it - I still drink, occasionally, but I'm not the 6-pack a night that I used to be. But even then, I still have trouble putting the bottle down from time to time.

But the sins of the father don't always translate to the son. It sounds like you've done very good so far. You have the strength to stop yourself before it goes too far - that's very admirable. People like me have trouble doing that, so when we hear of people like you, who can find a sense of control of that, it gives people like me hope. I'm sorry, but I don't know what to say about your -fathers- situation, but this what I'd like to say about your own -
You're doing good. Coming here, getting it off your chest, that's a good step to take. Whenever you're feeling down, come back. Post again about what you're going through, because what you're going through is tough. Watching someone you love eat away at themselves, feeling like there's nothing you can do, it in turn eats at you. And if you don't get that out, then you risk suppressing it, and the more you suppress it, the more you run the risk of following in his steps. Talk to people. If you don't feel comfortable talking to friends irl, then like I said, come back here. Lurk. Comment. Whatever you need to do to help you through it, do it - you may even find other people who can relate to your situation, and then you'll have more people to talk to. But keep doing what you're doing - keep fighting. You're doing good so far, but that doesn't mean it's easy, and it doesn't mean you haven't suffered. Obviously, you have - you are. But keep fighting. You're worth the struggle.  




 Thank you, Wiscy! Hope you don't mind me callin' you that, but I think that sounds pretty bad-ass myself. And as for the support - well, isn't that what we're here for? Hope this isn't a longshot, but based off your full username, I'm guessing you like to write? Do you write much? 




 Yes, this post was worth it. And don't apologize - sounds like you're going through a lot and in need of expressing it - when you apologize for how you feel, you're apologizing for being honest. Never, ever apologize for being honest.

Reading through this, what I want to ask you is this - have you tried alternative methods to expressing your anger? If you have, try again - I'm sorry if that sounds cold or insensitive, but I'm only saying it to help. In relation to my own depression, when I start to spiral into a darker place in my mind, I pick up an old hobby; sometimes I pick up the guitar and spend a few hours playing. Or I grab my pen and notebook, and write. Sometimes I draw. But they all tend to be temporary - mainly because they help, at least for a time being. But if it helps me get through the worst of the feelings I'm trying to get through, then I consider that a win. Maybe a small win, but it's a win. When I was younger, I was picked on and bullied constantly, which lead to suicide attempts, which spiraled out into substance abuse - and I can tell you from experience, the alcohol and the drugs (hopefully just weed, but if there's others, I'm not judging - I'm no saint myself) may help in the short-term, but in the long-term, they'll only enable the depression, and add a new depth to your depression - and considering how depression can sometimes make people feel like they're 'drowning', adding more depth to that ocean is the last thing you want to do, because you'll only sink deeper and deeper every time. 

Now, to address your feelings of loneliness - again, the depression - but here we have the chance for a win. It may be small, it may be huge, but you won't know until you try. What I'm driving at is - you're not alone. You really aren't. And I hope you find that out here in /r/depression. Lurk other peoples posts, read the comments, see what others are going through - you may find someone who is going through something similar to what you're going through to a degree. But give it a shot. It's worth it. You're worth it. Based off this post alone, I can tell you've lead an interesting life - maybe not the easiest of lives, but at the very least, an interesting one. You have a story to tell, and a unique one. Tell it. Keep telling. Because as you continue on through life, you'll add chapters to your story. And those chapters, those stories, as you tell them - it could save someone's life, just knowing that there's someone out there who can relate, even if it's in a small way. I know life can be a struggle, to this day I still wonder how I've made it this far, but I keep fighting. Even if it's day to day. If that helps, then do it - day by day. Step by step. Keep fighting. Because you're worth it. You really are. 




 Other people may have 'tougher' situations to go through, but those are their situations - this one's yours. That doesn't diminish what you're going through. I'm sorry to hear you've been going through so much, and what you're going through sounds rough by anyone's standards.

With that said, hi! I'm Echo. Nice to meet you.  




