 After you finish the last episode the netflix poster changes from Matt in the original black costume, to Matt in the red suit. Pretty cool.  




 He was busy running lines for his role as Victor Petrov in House of Cards season 4.  




 I get how my comment could be seen as referring to her ass, but I didn't intend to draw attention to that.I honestly just thought it was interesting that the editors chose to include that shot in the trailer. Black Widow has something of a rotating arsenal, and hasn't been given a staple, sort of character defining weapon, the same way other MCU characters have. I saw the inclusion a shot of these guns as interesting considering this contrast. I think she is definitely sexualized within the MCU, but that really isn't what I was trying to point out. If anything, its indicative of a larger issue of our perception of the character, and perhaps more broadly women in popular films like those in the MCU, that you, and maybe other redditors, would assume I was attempting to make an objectifying observation.  




 if you look closely at 1:06 you cans see the rectangles on ultrons hand brighten just before he fires his laser  




 black widow's got some pretty sweet guns at 0:52 




 Hi everyone,

I am currently working in my application to go on exchange next year, and was wondering if anyone had some tips as to what I should discuss in statement of purpose.

thanks 




 I think you are being unfair and unreasonably presumptuous. I do attend class, so I know the Prof didnt mention this during lecture, and I didnt expect to hand in this essay late, I just happen to work 30 hours a week on top of taking a full course load. My question really doesnt have a great deal to do with the prof, so much as it does the hours and staffing at Jackman Humanties. I simply want to know if my paper will be stamped as one day late, if the due date is friday, and it is submitted on a saturday. I am worried that it wont be stamped until monday, at which point it will be seen as 3 days late, despite being submitted just one day after the original due date. 




 thanks, but it says on this courses syllabus to drop the ssay off at jackman haumanites. what im really curious about is: if its due on a friday, and i drop it on a saturday, will it be marked as 3 days late, or just one day late? 




 hi, the late penalty for a class im taking is the standard 2 percent a day, i know this incudes the weekend, i was wondering how i would go about submitting the paper on the weekend? the syllabus indicates late essays are to be submitted at jackman humanities, if i submit a paper on saturday, will it be marked as if it were handed in on monday? does someone check the dropbox on the weekend?

thanks 




 Neutral Milk Hotel's early finish is an absolute tragedy. 




 Yeah, hopefully they're able to adapt the story-line without sacrificing too much of the original ideas. I think Black Panther is a solid choice, as him being foreign and new to the world of the Avengers will position him as unbiased and neutral, and through his eyes the audience will be able to impartially view either side of the civil war. His recent introduction into modern society is a great stand in for Spidey's pure intentions, and  corresponds well with the growing moral ambiguity in the MCU, especially considering the collapse of Shield, and Tony's role in the creation of Ultron.  




 It looks like Black Panther, aka Chadwick Boseman is essentially going to take the role of Spidey in Cap 3.  




 has anyone else played Spyro: Year of the Dragon? this reminds me of the games starting area.  




 maybe fillion would work better as allan scott?  




 a funnel for butt chugging. 




 I have a prof who insists that students caught using the internet or checking their phones during lectures will be removed (not from the couse, just from the lecture on that given day) he also has said that he will deny entry to students who are late. does he have the right to do this? are actions like this supported by any university policy? 




