 I have decided just to get him a trim on his legs and tail and groomed up nothing too extensive [before](http://i.imgur.com/jX1QUmJ.jpg) after soon to come. 









 Should I get my handsome boys hair cut?
Does it ruin the coat?
[Here is an album of Dexter] (http://imgur.com/a/kKp0R) 
if he does get a hair cut what type should it be? 




 John Wilkes Woof  




 I'd watch him on that balcony... Didn't go so well for  Abe  




 More like ambush bursts Lucian  




 Stereotypes are stereotypical  




 Kind of sad that animals have that whole diversity thing figured out before we do. 




 No one knows what it's like to be the batman... To have no fam. 




 But that's a puppy. 




 Blues a girl... 




 Blues a girl... 




 Thanks, it means more than you know  




 He is currently at a foster home for 6 months with people I know. Complication with housing him but I'm working stuff out he has helped me with my severe depression and anxiety I honestly would not be here today. I miss him so much and it's been so hard with out my second half. 









 My golden scratches up his pads on gravel a lot but I got him some stuff called paw butter 




 Just a tip:  maybe work on proportions his necks a bit too long, but good work none the less  




 They are helpful to a degree and I go to public school. But nothing will teach me to go to school like taking my license away the only means of transport I have to school  




 I'm 17 and I suffer from sever social anxiety and depression. I  don't have the best school attendance, last week was on of my worst weeks, the house I lived in all my life was sold and I spent my week being in it for the last time, I had to send my dog to a foster home for 6 months due to the moving and other complication with the move. I've been having panic attacks all week. Yet my school, who knows what's going on and with slips from my psychiatrist they chose to fine me for truancy and suspend my drivers license for 6 months to top it all off. It feels like all they care about is a good record and not the student at all and honestly this some whit pushed me over the edge and I have been having scary thought for the past 3 days now but the only reason I don't off myself is because it would be selfish. 









 Omfg yea!!!! 









 NA 









 Love it! 









 I'm a pretty lonely person, not many friends, and I really miss just human interaction, I've had severe social anxiety and severe depression since I was 7. Need someone to talk to. 




 Thank you so much we love it !!! 














 thankyou! 




 why does league have such a rude and mean community? i know there are really cool people on LOL but there are a lot more Dbags in LOL  and its not so fun to play when you make a minor mistake, LOL used to be something i could use to take my mind off my depression but now it just makes it worse. Sorry for the rant but it just really has me upset and depressed.     




 I love you mcnugget 




 Amazing movie  




 Wolfcop 2 2015!!!! 




 Thank you, it good to know I'm not the only one 




 I just feel so alone, I barely sleep anymore, I can't help, but just break down into tears every night, I am so self conscious that I don't even know if my friends really do care, even when they reassure me they do, my grades are shit I'm only 17 and my life and future isn't looking too good. 

I see a therapist every week and I'm on meds for severe depression and anxiety. 









 Yours is better 









 That's a lovely horse  




 Ever since I was 11 I was diagnosed with sever depression and social anxiety, my life's pretty much a roller coaster with major ups and downs. And I only have one real friend and she happens to be someone I love more than anything in the world, she knows I am in pain but I have recently found out she is really hurting bad inside, and it tears me up inside knowing how she feels and what she's going through, there is nothing I can do to make her not hurt and that just destroys me. I'm a very selfless person and I always put others first but no matter what she will always be first even though we are just friends and always will be I will always love her, and it makes me feel so sad and hopeless that I can't help at all, that I can't take her pain away , if I could take her sadness and add it to mine I would in a heart beat just to know she's happy. 









 It's cropped enough it was to show he was in the bathroom too lol 




 Be careful with that because dogs can get pneumonia just as easly as we can  









 Thanks, that actually helps a lot ! 









 Thanks! 














 Anyone want to play ranked and try to get to silver with me? I'll mainly support so if you are adc that would be awesome maybe looking for a team I don't know just want to make it to silver. 









 Color And highlight ms of each character  




 Any tips for first time rengar preferably top 









 Take sometime off do some other sketches or just take a break then go back to it 




 Great work, I love it  









 Thanks I will try that  














 Aww I miss my java he was born on 1/1/11 do I named him ichi ( one in Japanese where they are native from )he was pure white also  




 Java finch 




 You should make it a tad warmer then room temp  




 Java finch  




  This is a java finch, if you get one at a young age it learns to fallow you through your house and won't leave your side they are actually verry quiet, but when the males get a little older they will practice singing and it's not annoying at all it's quiet beautiful ( I have owned a java finch.) they are an all around lovely bird to have and they will love you as much as you love them. 




 Don't make me snap my fingers in pentagram formation! 




 Tummy rubs soon followed !!!  









 Omfc (oh my fucking chuck) that's beautiful  









 You're like that one kid in class who goes " I was going to raise my hand and say that" after someonelse answers the question. 




 Gay lovers  









 For Ex.
   My cousin is adopted and before he was adopted my aunt and uncle had a daughter, she passed away, 2 weeks out of the hospital from being sick. 
  
   So my cousin Ty was around 3 and he's never learned about his sister who passed away. (my aunt and uncle were waiting till he got old to tell him)so they are driving and my aunt said she saw Ty playing with a toy in his car seat but she still asked "what do you have there?"
Ty replied "an elephant, baby Ciera gave it to me" (that was my cousin who passed away).
   But all of her stuff was in the attic where Ty couldn't have gone there by himself.   




 Ok thank you  :) 




