 When I'm playing and I level up, I always click the little box to upgrade a skill. However, I was watching a video today and it didn't look like the guy playing clicked on the box to level his skill up. Is there a keyboard shortcut for this? Thanks (: 




 Exact same thing happened to me, i sent a ticket in, but they take forever to answer so i don't know what they'll do 




 I completely agree. The Capital Wasteland was amazing and just filled with a good looking and somewhat unique environment. New Vegas was kinda bland with that. It was basically miles upon miles of nothingness with a few towns and caves scattered. Nothing like Fallout 3. I think there were more locations in DC alone that the entire Mojave desert 




 Yeah, that's definitely what I'm going to go for now. I didn't even think of all of that, plus with my friends being able to play ranked they'd probably ask me to play too and screw my elo up early on 




 Thanks, I'm definitely glad I asked here first (:
 




 Well I generally only play a game every day or two so I figured getting one based on days would be a waste. But thanks (:
 




 Well I just got some RP for the new TF skin, and I have enough left over for either a 10 win XP boost or the 4 win IP boost. I'm only level 19 since I don't play too much, so the xp is pretty useful. Anybody wanna help me out here? Because I really don't know what to get. 




 Definitely the most useful thing out there so far. Thanks (: 




 That just sounds amazing actually 




 I hope so
 




 Wasteland 2? Never heard of that one. How is it? 




 I seriously hope they give us something 




 Damn, this is going to be a bitch of a wait 




 Has there been any information released about the next Fallout game? I know there's all these rumors about in being in Boston, but has there been any solid information given about it yet? 




 YES! 




 You beat me to it! 




 Sounds about right XD 




 fuck bitches get money 




 DHAB  FBGM 




 corporate espionage  




 [answer] (/spanumbrella) 




 Fuck that episode. Fuck everything about it. 




 King of Prussia lego store?
 




 This was used in the SA forums when they created Slenderman. About a quarter of the way through page 10

http://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=3150591 userid=0 perpage=40 pagenumber=10 
























 I've never even heard of own3d, but I'll have to check it out when I get a chance. Thanks 




 What did you use for streams, twitch.tv? 




 I know what you mean about the game mechanics, because that's where I'm at now. I just suck at the champions xD 




 Oh, I try that. A lot. And since I have so much free time I basically get a good understanding of the champs in a week from all the games I play. For example, I bought Rumble when he was on sale a few weeks ago. First few games sucks until I really figured him out, and then out of nowhere I started getting games where I could go 24/7/9 (which is a billion times better than usual). But after about 4 games of that I started declining again until he was just like any other champ that I would play. Although I'm sure there is a champ that I'd be able to be good at, I also don't have the patients for it. When I do bad I tend to get demoralized pretty quickly to where I just stop trying to play whoever it is. And after writing all that, I'm realizing my problem. I'm not patient enough to do this champion roulette. I just need to extend my patients for a while until I solve it. Thank you mystery summoner, I think you just indirectly solved my problem for me.

TL;DR- I'm not patient enough and I need to work on it. Thank you. 




 Any idea on how I do that without getting flamed at every game? 




 Well /r/leagueoflegends, I've been coming to you for most of my LoL questions for a while now, and I have another. I've been playing LoL for a year or two now. In that time I've extensively tried every position and a large portion of the champs, and still can't find anything I'm good at. I'm not horrible anywhere, but not good enough to consider it to be my thing. Should I just give up at this point? Because I don't really see any options when it comes to laning positions and champs 




 Not to mention his ability to summon fruit. You'd never go hungry. 




 I probably end up getting the armor pen then for harassing, thanks for that 




 so do you think I should grab armor pen runes? 




 Oh wow, This is great actually, and it's from two days ago. Thank you so much 




 I actually went on there a little bit ago, but I really didn't know how to navigate through. I'll go check that stream now though, thanks 




 Hey guys, I have a few questions. Well I usually play a solo top bruiser, and I was thinking about going for Renekton. So first of all, is he a viable top lane champ? I know loads of champs are pointless these days, so I figure I should know that before I get him. If I do though, is there anything I really need to know to play him successfully? I've looked at his moves and everything, and I know that having over 50 fury gives them special effects, but is there anything else about him that separates him from the other bruisers? And finally, is there any certain item(s) that I definitely need to get? I know some champs have items that mesh perfectly with their moves, so does he have anything like that? Thanks (: 




 thank you 




 thanks 




 Stupid question, but when I see a comment on a /r/leagueoflegends post, They always have this little thumbnail of a champ. How do you set it? 




 shit, I better start using that 




 Also, does playing with your screen unlocked really help that much? Because everyone else seems to do it but I never really tried 




 Oh I know that, I'm just saying that i know how to play the character when I'm in bot games and all, but it doesn't transfer over to normal pvp at all 




 I watch some games, but it's generally just the tournaments. I'll definitely check this out now though, thanks! 




 Alright /r/leagueoflegends I need your help. I've been playing LoL since the beginning of season two, so by now you'd think I would at least be somewhat good. Well I'm not. So basically, I need some tips on how to seriously improve my pvp skill. When I play bots I'll go like 36-4, so I would think that I can at least go like 15-8 or something against real people, but I just can't. My average score is probably around 7/11/13 no matter who I'm playing. That being said, I tend to either play support or solo top. So is there anything you figured out while playing that seriously improved your game?  




 Just finished watching that episode 20 minutes ago XD 




 That may be the best thing I have ever read XD 




 Well, that's simple enough. Thanks guys (: 




 Everyone -___- 
























 Unfortunately, I cannot disclose that information 




 You have ruined my life... Well the next ten minutes, but still 




 9:11 every day 




 I hope you die 




 An upvote to you sir 




 Guess I'm not so bad after all 




 Basically... 




 Oh, not at all 




 Eh, can't say it involved stealing, so no 




 It's cool not Corey 




 Noooooo, you're waaay off 




 Not quite 




 Well in that case, no. No wives involved in this crime 




 That's what cops say to catch people who think that! 




 Omg.... you're a cop....  no crime here... 




 Are you with the feds? 




 You can say that..... 




 Not enough to count for anything 




 My partner in crime! 




 Well, nobody really knows yet. That's the fun part... 




 You! 




 Another good question. Truth is, I'm actually infamous! 




 Good question. Luckily for me my name is totally original, although some day I'm sure there will be 1000 Coreys named after me. 




 Just your average Corey, ask me anything! 
























 I know the feels, same movie and around the same age. Probably the most scared I've ever been by a movie.  




 Coincidentally, my grandfather made this for dinner today and my grandma was pissed because the two 'don't go together." 









 Even though it ended in disappointment on my part, that was definitely worth reading. Good effort for something so random! 




 The Railway Rifle is hands down my favorite weapon. I just wish you could get it in unmoddded F:NV. 









 YES! Came here to say that actually! Probably one of my favorite games from back in the day 




 Fucking hermit crabs. Don't ask me why, but those things terrify me.  




 Just got mine yesterday, 98 Cadillac sts. What was yours and what's your best story with it? 




 Hey /r/Cadillac I got my first car yesterday, the 98 sts! Let me start by saying that I love it, it drives nice and is pretty quick. However with it being over a decade old I'm sure there are some things that I can do to make it better. Any suggestions on what I can get done? 




 I'm surprised nobody said Bully. It really hits you right in the feels at several points. 




 This. Once I started the only thing that stopped me was the energy running out, and then I was right back on it when it came back. 




 Mine would be pretty sick :( 




 Mashed potatoes.. Imagine sticking your hand in that on a hot day 




 Back when I was a kid I had this dream (reoccurring for months) where I was at a carnival-like place and these Smurfs with knives would chase me around and eventually kill me. Then i would appear back at the entrance and it would keep happening until I woke up. May not be as bad as some of these, but it kept me from ever watching the Smurfs again. 




 Donkey Kong 64.. That game was simply amazing to me 




 That was the most depressing thing I've read all day...  




 That's actually exactly what I was talking about. Thanks for that 




 I really don't know the technical term for this because I just started playing recently, so I'll give an example. The tabs I found for the song raining blood have you holding the eighth fret of the fifth and fourth strings, and then you have to go to the ninth fret and then back (only playing these two strings that is). However, when I try it I can't make the transition without it sounding bad. So first, any tips would be appreciated. And if someone knows the term for playing two strings at once, please share. Thanks (: 









 I read the first three paragraphs about 4 times thinking I had misread it. Then I got scared that North Korea just took over the world. Then I saw the name of the website -____- 




 My god. I wish there was something like that around me. 




 Alright guys, I'm on a mission to get a picture of me holding a sloth before the summer comes. Unfortunately, I live in Pennsylvania. So does anyone have any idea as to where I can go to hold a sloth? 




 Well.. 
























 Was on a camping trip with some friends, in which we all smoked weed and we're drinking. A girl that I had invited brought a friend along that none of us really knew. As I stood there giggling at nothing and everything due to the bud, she looked me dead in the face and said "you're a drug addict and I hate you." it took me completely by surprise as I hadn't done anything to this girl and had just been standing there happy as fuck. For some reason this was the most offended I have ever been to this day.  




 Next time I'm definitely avoiding the mirror, that shit was too weird 




 Thanks for the advice, I'll probably just end up waiting then. No point in fucking my body up for a high.  




 I read about that actually, but I really rushed this for my first time. Honestly the nausea wasn't as bad as I expected and during the trip I didn't get the soreness that I've read about in other reports. I'll definitely try it next time though.  




 I also had a few questions about tolerance. I would like to try this again in a stress free environment, because I feel like it could really be a great drug. How long do I have to wait in between doses? If I were to take 600 seeds in a few days, would I get similar results?  




 Hey there r/drugs, I just tried lsa for the first time and figured I'd share my experience. Took 300 seeds of heavenly blue morning glory, chewed to a paste in my mouth, and then swallowed after letting it sit in there for 20 minutes. 

After about an hour I noticed the effects starting, which at first was just insane euphoria. Put me in a great mood and made me want to keep trying different things around my house. 

After about 2 hours I started getting slight visuals, which at first was just that my floor was kinda swirling around and would raise and lower in waves. 

After about 4 hours, things started to go bad. I think this is when I really started peaking. I went into my bathroom and stared at myself in the mirror, amazed that everything I was looking at was exactly as it was around me. Then my face started morphing and it was like looking at a totally different person. The area around my eyes were black and really trippy looking. This kinda freaked me out, so I decided to just listen to some music. It was amazing. Sounded so real and so right, and I was also getting slight CEVs, which were just fractal patterns. It was then that I noticed the voice in my mind. I could hear my thoughts as if someone else were talking to me, and could only focus on one thought. Kept getting stuck in weird thought loops. Decided it was too freaky and went to sleep. Not an easy task when you have a loud ass voice in your head. 

Next morning rolls around as soon as I opened my eyes I could feel the liquid firey shit brewing in my stomach. It was probably the most disgusting thing I've ever felt, and I'll spare the details of its exit from my body. Other than that I felt totally normal, other than a really sore leg and back. Was in a weird mood for a few hours where I felt nothing, good or bad, about anything. This subsided by noon and since then I've felt great. Overall I'd say it went pretty bad, but that probably had a lot to do with my being stressed about having to wake up early and pack for the weekend. I plan on trying it again when I have nothing stressful on my mind, because it really was fun at first. Thanks for reading! 

Tl;Dr- peaked after 4 hours, felt like a small schizophrenic, and slept it off. Next day I pooped liquid fire for hours 









 I actually did 700 last night (probably my tenth time on it) and it was bullshit. Or so I thought. Got the typical visuals, like wavy walls and the weird see through blobs. Didn't realize I was actively hallucinating until I would have a convo with a friend, turn around and then they'd just be gone. Worst part was when I decided to take a shower, started it up, and realized I didn't have a towel. So I go to my room to get it and totally forgot about the shower. 2 hours later I had to piss and was getting angry because my roommate was taking so damn long in there. Took me a good amount of time to realize was I did.  




 I like to think so for myself. Was in a bad place after making horrible life choices, which when coupled with preexisting depression was pretty awful. Tripped one night with some friends and while they were having fun, I sat against the wall having insanely vivid flashbacks. I mean things I didn't even know I remember were coming back to me. It was then that I realized that my life truly wasn't as horrible and hopeless as I always thought it was, and that the issues I was dealing with at the time weren't going to ruin my life, but rather lead me down a new path filled with endless opportunity. Since then I haven't gone through bouts of deep depression as I always had, and I've had an overall positive outlook on my life and future. Since then, I can honestly say that I've been happy for the first time in my life. 

Edit: I should also note that I'm not a daily, or even weekly user. Smoke weed every so often, and trip like once a month. 




 Yeah that's what I use too! And I usually just save individual albums as playlists and choose one of them once the trip gets going  




 For me personally, music is what makes the trip. It's like the songs are unrecognizable, as they seem to slow down, and it also seems like extra layers are added that weren't there before. That's really the best way I can describe it, it's like the drug adds beautiful riffs that aren't there sober. As for artists, my go to trip albums always come from Floyd or the Grateful Dead. The solos become something amazing and special. Occasionally I'll listen to trap, but the best hallucinations I've gotten are with my two go to bands. 




 Hey there r/drugs, just trying to spark a discussion on my favorite part of tripping on dxm. I'd love to hear your thoughts on it, and I'd like to share mine as well! So some questions to get things going.. 
1) what type of audio halucantions do you get when you mix music with dxm? 
2) what are your favorite genres, artists, etc. while tripping 
3) how would you describe the difference it creates in the music to someone who has never tried it? 




 I'm glad Google is a thing, otherwise I probably would have always accepted that as a fact 




 At first I ft nothing. Then next thing I know I'm laughing at stupid shit, and I knew I was already fucked. It was one bowl. One. Now, I'm waiting cosmos with Niel De whatever tison. Mind is blown right now, and I think I'm still coming up.... I missed bud so much 




 I recently made a post about how a dxm trip opened my eyes and cured my depression. It was the trip itself however and not the afterglow that lifted the depression though, so that's pretty much just luck. If you're curious however, I was on about 1200-1500, not really sure of the exact dose.  




 Just overall not caring about anything. I can't think of the word I want to use right now, but pretty much nothing really mattered, everything and everyone were just bleak and there. And pretty much anytime I messed up I'd get thoughts of suicide that wouldn't go away. Before the trip though all of that was really intense for some reason.  




 Definitely a welcome change. It's like my mind is finally clear from some kind of fog. I was really surprised that it happened from a dissociative though, as I always thought it had the opposite effect.  




 Hey there r/drugs! I very recently had the trip of my life with dxm and thought it was definitely worth sharing. I'm pretty experienced with dxm, so large doses are pretty much the only way I can get my kicks (around 1200 this time). Typically I just get the robowalk, headspace, and music sounds freaking amazing. That combined with those crazy awake-dream things makeup a usual trip for me. 

This time however, it was totally different. I was in a pretty bad mental state before the trip due to my depression, and this led me to get seriously close to killing myself. Luckily my friends there stopped me. Anyways, I sat there in my depression crying like a little girl when I started getting these vivid memories. Things I could never remember before started flooding into my mind and before I knew it I was able to remember everything that's ever happened to me. Like things from when I was three and beyond became insanely clear, and I just sat there and watched my whole life unfold. After this I realized that my life is truly not that bad, and that the depression I've always felt has been for nothing. I gained an appreciation for life that I've never felt before. 

This was about 2 weeks ago and I can still just go back to all of those memories, and since then my depression has been nonexistent. For the first time I had a truly life altering trip. 

The reason all of this is so amazing to me is that for the past few years I've had different repressed memories come back after smoking bud, and every one seemed so crippling. But now that I've seen the big picture I've come to realize that for everything bad that I've remembered, I also have something to be grateful for. 

Tl;dr tripped balls on dxm and unlocked all of my memories, curing my depression. 




 This is the only comment on Reddit that literally made me throw my hands up and walk away laughing for a few minutes 




 I can totally relate to the last part. When I first started listening to Floyd I basically skipped to my favorite songs, but now I start on song #1 of the album and make sure it's not on shuffle. I think it also has a lot to do with the way they connect the endings and beginnings of their songs too. 




 Whilst afoot though the summer trees,  
I can't help but notice the beautiful green,  
and multitude of color through the leaves.  

As shafts of light weave and leave their sheen,  
I feel myself growing far more fonder,  
That I have escaped society's ween.  

But now my thoughts begins to wander,  
And I travel to a place in my mind,  
Where all I can do is think and ponder.  

And now that my mind is no longer confined,  
I realize that nature has cured me of being blind. 




 As someone on their way out of high school, I've never realized how true this is until now. A vast majority of our learning process (at least in my school) revolves around cramming every formula and theory into the students' heads without allowing us to learn to apply it and use it as a problem-solving tool. Honestly my senior year math (calculus) was the first math class I've had that truly requires the student to apply the skills they've learned, rather than just spitting information back out. There's a big difference between memorizing the rules behind differentiation, and actually possessing the ability to use and understand the processes behind them. 




 I broke my foot trying to walk on my hands once, so that was pretty ridiculous. 




 I'm not sure if it's like this in most places, but in my local head shop you are not allowed to say bong. Doing so will result in you getting kicked out of the store.. which I learned the hard way. 
























 I've lived in PA my whole life and haven't ever heard that term before  




 Thanks for the tip! I was just kidding there, but I'm actually very experienced with good old dexter and always choose something without acetaminophen  




 Or just chug that shit and enjoy a real mind fuck 




 Growing up and not having much of anything really sucked, but looking back it was such a great thing for my future. Now I'm working full time, about to get a second job. I think growing up like that really made me appreciate money a lot more. Just having extra money to spend on basically whatever I want was, and continues to be, the biggest shock. 




 dt;aj 




 As boring as that sounds, imagine a dream where you paint a wall. That's right, just you, a wall, some white paint, and a paint brush. Happens at least once every few weeks -_- 




 I'll definitely listen to some of their stuff tonight, thanks for the suggestion!  




 I agree with you on that. I feel like dxm slows music down and allows me to focus on more parts at one time, which comes together to make music sound fucking great.  




 Wish I listened to that while actually on dxm. Thanks for the link, I'll be using that song in my next trip for sure!  




 Just wanted to share what I believe to be out of body experiences with you guys! For starters I'm very experienced with dxm, and this is very common on my average dosage (~950). Never considered it to be an OBE until I was telling a friend about it and he suggested that it was indeed an OBE. 

Here's how it goes: once I start peaking I wrap myself up comfortably in blankets and sit on my bed against the wall. Once I close my eyes I feel my body start lowering through the blankets, through the floor, and downward into a void. I don't see anything per se, but it's a very clear and obvious feeling. Then I begin accelerating, faster and faster, almost like I'm climbing the initial hill of a roller coaster. Once I reach the top of this climb, I take off. My body is blasted through the floor, through the ceiling, and into space. 

I can make this last as long as I want, and can basically do it on command. It feels very similar to the salt and pepper shaker ride that they have at fairs. Anyone else have similar experiences on dxm, or any substance? 

Tl;dr take pills, fall through floor, end up in space 




 Had a serious debate with a friend over that dress. It is definitely white and gold!  




 Shampoo is the urethra is the worst pain known to man 




 Haven't heard of it. I'll look into it next time I order seeds. Thanks for the suggestion!  




 Also I've been using ginger capsules to kill the nausea. Really does the trick!  




 Yeah hbwr, shoulda mentioned that. And I've considered the exact, but my water is actually  chlorinated, which kills the lsa. Haven't gotten around to buying bottled water yet. I'll definitely give it a try next time.  




 Oh sorry! I used hbwr seeds  




 Lately I've been experimenting with LSA  and have noticed an extremely different set of effects based on regular dosage vs high dosage. When I took 15 seeds I had an insane night of extreme euphoria. It was honestly one of the greatest drug experiences of my life. However I have come to notice that when increasing the dose, it just becomes an extreme sedative. 

I still get the effects on time, where it seems to pass slow as hell, but instead of the euphoria I just get tired as hell. And instead of the afterglow that lasts a few days consisting of a great mood, I just get a good night's sleep. No after effects at all. 

The change in dosage was 15 seeds for euphoria, and 22 seeds for sedative effects. Anyone else notice this?


Edit: gonna sleep, as I took the sedative dose around 8:30. Looking forward to responses in the morning!  




 I tend to black out and do weird shit when I mix the two haha  




 As much as I love a good robotrip, the hangover the next day just hasn't been worth it to me. I've been experimenting with LSA lately, and that really won me over. Ginger caps or tea before hand has eliminated the nausea for me, and the euphoria is like nothing else. I'd suggest giving it a try, really great time. 




 Usually 650-800 if I'm going for good visuals 

I should also note that I do get negative effects from this, mostly just being unable to form any sort of understandable words.  




 Honestly I just enjoy taking it and waiting for it to kick in. I've never had so much fun staring at a wall waiting for something to change. Other than that, I really don't get the scary hallucinations that I do often read about. Usually just see weird opaque blobs slowly flying around my room. So in short, the visuals.  




 I love listening to floyd's album "Animals" when I'm on dexter. It's great sober, but so much of the album is guitar, so it is damn amazing when you're tripping on dxm.  




 Unfortunately not, though I plan to once I find a dealer that sells more than bud. And for me, pink floyd is where it's at. I'll play an album all the way through, and the difference between it then and sober is incredible. I've also listened to a lot of trap whilst on dxm, and that's always a good time.  




 My favorite part of every dxm trip is the music. I've taken huge doses just because I wanted to listen to an album or two during the  peak. Haven't quite experienced anything like it with any other drug.  
























 Very recently I had to pay $2 to park somewhere and only had a $5 so I put that in the machine. When it spit out three dollar coins I thought I got ripped off for a good 4 seconds before I realized what they were. It was the first time I saw one in at least 10 years 




 My shower ritual is weirdly on point every single day. First I get a towel, then I get the clothes I'll be wearing the rest of the day and throw them on my bed. Go to the bathroom and throw the towel hanging on the shower rod in front of the shower. Turn my shower on and make sure the head isn't facing the curtain. Then I straighten it out so it's like a carpet in front of the shower (even though there is a bathroom carpet underneath). Then I toss my towel on top of that. Get undressed and toss my clothes in the corner. Then I stick my hand in and test the water, and get in regardless because it's usually close enough. Once I'm in I fine tune the temperature to where I like it. Grab my tooth brush and toothpaste and brush my teeth. Next j stick my face under the water to open up my pores and grab my face wash. Once that's on my hand I stick my face under the water again, and then proceed to wash my face. Rinse that nonsense off and then make sure my hair is totally wet. I proceed by putting shampoo/conditioner on my hand, rub my hands together, and lather up. Scrubby dub dub that shit for a while and rinse. For my last wet act, I squeeze some body wash on my axe loofah thing and wash my left arm, then my left pit, then my chest, right pit, and right arm. Work my way down to my left thigh, dick and balls, right thigh, right calf, left calf, left foot, and right foot. Next I wash my back, and finally my cheeks, taint, and crack/hole. After I thoroughly rinse off I turn the water off. 

Now here is the most important step;  I squeegee my body with my hands. I'm talking rub my hair, then face, arms, chest, and down to my ankles. This assures that I'm not dripping wet and makes drying a breeze and mess free. Once I towel dry I wrap that shit around my lower body and head back to the bedroom to get dressed. 

I start with my boxers, then put on my deo and face lotion. Then I put on my socks, followed by my pants/shorts, and finally I carefully put my shirt on, so as to not get deodorant on the outside at all. Finish off with a spritz of cologne on the wrist, rub them together, dab my neck and inside of my elbows. 

And that's it. Every day. Exactly like that. And if you read all of that, you may have too much free time. Then again, I just typed that shit out, so who am I to say shit. 

Tl;Dr  I shower, and get dressed. Magic.  




 Good luck with that. I've tried lsa several times and have only gotten a noticeable trip twice. My first few attempts were using heavenly blue morning glory seeds, and it wasn't great. Basically got slight nausea and insane cramping. 

That said, I then bought hbwr and it was a game changer. Now these seeds taste like you're chewing Satan's dirty asshole, but the effects are undeniable. Still got a tiny bit nauseated, but barely any cramping. First trip I had wasn't very visual but I had weird thought patterns and could hear my thoughts as if someone else were in the room speaking loudly at me. Second time I was insanely euphoric. I was outside in a foot of snow wearing flip flops and sweat pants with nothing else, and it felt wonderful. I could see every snowflake individually. I called several friends to tell them how great they are. It was amazing.

So in my opinion, lsa is unpredictable in both dosage required and how the trip turns out. I've never tried an extraction on them, but from doing a little research that'll probably be your best bet. I always came across the cold water extraction as being easy and very effective. Good luck! 

Edit: I should also mention that if you have chlorinated tap water, do not mix it with the seeds. Don't drink it before for a while, or after you take them, and don't use this for the extraction. I guess the chlorine breaks the chemical down and kills it entirely. Made this mistake a few times.  




 I've had the same happen to me with higher doses than that, most recently a dosage of 760. The first time it happened I stupidly drank a protein shake not long before I downed the pills and got no effects at all, however after about two or so hours of waiting I went from a 0 to peaking. The most recent time I ate lightly around 2 hours beforehand and got nothing. Dxm can be very unpredictable at times. I'd say that it most likely has something to do with how full you were at the time, as I've noticed that not fasting for several hours does impact the trip. 

As for trying again so soon, just go for it. I went through a period over the summer where me and four friends tripped at least 3, usually 5 days a week. Often back to back. Granted, we always took doses around 700-900, but the trips were always great. That said, I doubt taking it back to back when you don't do it often at all will make any difference. If anything, just increase your dose by like 200-300mgs.  




 I usually just close one eye and it kinda helps a tiny bit. Crazy that the trips are so similar though, I always read other reports and wonder how everyone else's are so different  




 God, typing on it is impossible. That and dxm.  




 Oh yeah, the texting thing happens to me almost every time. Usually to random people and it's either entirely illegible, or it looks like I sent it to the wrong person because it's just a fraction of a seemingly normal conversation. And after I wrote that long one out I remembered that a few times I would look between my bed and the wall and see glowing salamanders in the crack. That didn't happen too often though.  




 Definitely agree on dxm, haven't tried the others. Whenever I'm on a high third plateau I like to do this crazy awesome thing. I just get in my bed, prop to pillows against the wall and wrap myself up in a blanket so I'm all comfy. Then I close my eyes. I feel myself falling, and see it in third person, through the floor, and down into this black abyss. Once im surrounded by only this abyss I feel myself begin to accelerate upward. Through the void, through the floor, through the ceiling, and  then I launch off. Sometimes I fly around my town, sometimes through space. And I can do it as long as I want, all I have to do is open my eyes when I feel like it and I'm back in my comfy cocoon. It's the greatest feeling ever and I've "trained" myself to be able to do it every time.  




 Ya know, I always read about people seeing things like you mentioned, such as crazy animals or giant mushrooms growing out of the floor. I've tripped on benadryl at least 25 times and every time I see the same thing. 

First the walls get "wavy", which I can only describe as a translucent jelly flowing all over the walls. Then things start falling down the walls, such as door knobs or fire alarms. This is my favorite part of the visuals of my trip. However, if I take a higher than usual dose I start getting the hallucinations of regular shit, such as talking to friends, only to look down and back up and notice that they aren't there. And for some reason whenever I try to sleep once I get bored, I close my eyes and I'm at work. Eventually I realize I'm not at work and get mindfucked because it's all in my head like a super vivid dream. 

Never have I had a cool hallucination like seeing a mother fucking komodo dragon. Every time I read about stuff like that I get so jealous. However I have to agree with you on it making music sound great. Which reminds me of another common audio hallucination I have. Basically when I'm listening to music with head phones on I'll hear what sounds like people talking in the room, but when I take the headphones off it just stops. Creeps me out. 

As for colors, never noticed any change. Seems like the drug has really different effects for everyone. In my opinion it's a fun drug, one that I've never had a "bad trip"  on. Worst I've seen is a little girl run past my door, and that only creeped me out for a few seconds because I knew it was just the drug. I hope someone actually read this whole thing.  




 When I was in basic training (army, ft Benning) one of my drill sgts told us a story about working the gate at his fob. Same thing almost, car was coming, they told th to stop, firing the warning shot, followed all of the steps of escalation of force. Once they realized they weren't planning on stopping the opened fire. They found out afterwards that it was a family of three, and there were no weapons or ied in the vehicle. He said the baby was hit in the head by the 240 and it blew up like a watermelon.  




 Have you taken it in any other dosage before this attempt? I usually take 760 mg for a decent 3rd plateau trip and I'm only around 145 lbs, so you may want to try a higher dose 




 I've combined the two multiple times, and it's pretty great. Normal come up, never had issues with nausea. Find a good album, turn the lights off, and strap yourself in for a unique night!  




 Is this site up to date? I'm probably wrong, but I thought PA scheduled salvia as well.  




 Haven't heard that one in a while.. And I'm wishing it stayed that way 




 That is definitely my favorite part of a dxm trip 




 That's why I'm worried. Three days and they couldn't figure out what happened,  so now I have to see a neurologist until they find out for sure what happened.  




 I really hope someone provides a good answer, because I recently fell down two flights of steps and basically had a period of amnesia following where I didn't remember the fall, or even waking up on the ground. I came to back at the top of the steps, and didn't realize how fucked up my body was until it was pointed out.  Went to the hospital for a concussion and ended up staying three days because they said I had a seizure which probably caused me to fall down the steps, explaining the amnesia.

 Now that I see this question I'm wondering if I was knocked unconscious after I fell and had the seizure then because of that. 

Edit: I should also note that this was something that had never happened to me before, which is why they kept me in the hospital for so long.  




 Ahh I actually didn't know that. Thanks for the heads up! 




 Trust me, I know how awful it is for me, which is why I don't do it often. But its a trip like no other  




 Yeah I know about the risks of em. I honestly put a ton of research into any drug before I do them and I always start low with my doses. I don't use ccc's all that often, but gel caps tend to get me nausea when I'm dosing around 1000mgs

Also at this point I've done high doses of them well over 70 times and never notice any bad effects beyond two days. At the most I get shakey hands, but by the next day my heart rate is almost always back to normal. 




 Oh man that was a long ass time ago so I can't give a very detailed report, but I remember the gist of it. I was with a few other friends that were tripping and they were having a great time but for some reason I was just feeling kinda down. Sat alone for a bit and started just remembering all these things that I forgot I even remembered from my past. It actually ended up making me realize that my life wasn't all that bad and since then Ive been a way happier person.

It was just insane how vivid the memories were at the time, I could remember the layouts of random ass buildings I had gone into very few times when I was just a kid. Overall it was a great trip. 




 I've tried low doses of dxm a few times but it really doesn't do it for me below third plateau. As for dph, I also heard a lot about it having no recreational value, but in my opinion it's fun as hell for something you can but at the drug store. Usually for my higher solo dph trips I end up listening to music for a bit, staring at walls to see if they're shifting yet, and waiting for the shit to hit the fan. I hardly hallucinate on it like I did my first few trips. 




 On May 2nd, I took a nice dose of dxm/dph together and tried to write down my thoughts or what was going on. All the pills were ingested at 6:48 PM, and I stayed lucid enough to record the events until around 9:11. At that point I would forget what I wanted to write by the time I picked up my pencil. I'll be writing everything word for word with little notes if i need to  explain

6:45- pills ready: 16 ccc's, 8 CVS ccc's, 10 50mg dph gel caps

6:48- all pills ingested, ~~heading to store for drink~~ -scratch that, found red bull


6:59-start album: Pink Floyd - The Final Cut, playing Oblivion

7:08- computer crashed- FUCK!, this album is emotional as hell

7:13- really digging this album, more so than usual

7:16- The Gunner's Dream solo... intense

7:17- Cotton Mouth + shakey hands, still totally lucid, no visuals, music sounds intense

7:21- feeling body load, heavy eyes, weird chest feeling

7:23- so heavy feeling

7:26- head space activate - body load gone? itchy spot on head

7:32- about to hunt some painted trolls (note:  Oblivion quest, not tripping that hard)

7:35- time going so slow, feeling spacy, short term memory shot

7:39- insane cotton mouth, time is going so fucking slow

7:45- end album (hearing whispering voices with headphones on)

7:48- body load is back, door knobs being pushed into wall, clear audio hallucinations (note: whispering voices in head)

7:51- robo itch is so annoying, door knobs sliding down wall, whole room shifted left

7:53- wavy walls start, losing focus, staring into space, slight closed eye visuals similar to wall melt

7:57- really feeling the music, going out for a cig

8:04- Back inside

8:08- zoning hard, ~~sciuis~~ same visuals

8:11- bored

8:16- walls twitching

8:17- walls have pink tint

8:22- visuals on fleek, cloth  (note: i have no idea)

8:26- peaking for sure (note: handwriting getting bad)

8:28- eye pressure mixed with

8:30- ceilinng

~~8:3~~ (note: awful handwriting scratched out)

10:35

(note: on a seperate piece of paper, ripped out)

9:11

M         P       C

(scirbbly circles)



confu (terrible writing)

Buddha is evil (note: I have a small buddha statue in my room for some reason, it appeared to be turning its head and staring at me)

MAY

   At this point i couldn't remember anything long enough to write it down so I turned on some music and layed down. And that's all I remember. I'll add pictures of the actual notes and the buddha statue if anyone is interested. Other than what I wrote down, I can't remember much. I do recall having felt bad for killing the goblins in oblivion because they had lived their entire life up to that point, just like I had, and then I just ended it. I felt bad for them and their family. Weird, I know. Also, looking back at my recent albums played on Spotify I listened to The Final Cut, Animals,  The Piper at the Gate of Dawn, and Wish You Were Here. No idea why I chose straight Pink Floyd that night, but I did.  Pretty much stayed slightly fucked up until around 8:00PM the next day, at which point I was just physically tired and my hands were still somewhat shakey. Thanks for reading!

tl;dr- took lots of dxm and dph, tripped hard, short term memory went to shit, thought buddha was evil, and listened to some tunes.

Quick edit- I should also note that I have taken various amounts of this combo over 10 times and have taken each seperately many many times, with DXM probably over 100 times and dph somewhere around 30 times. Highest dxm dose was around 1800mg, highest dph probably close to 1100 mg. I try not to trip to often, so usually once or twice a month, but sometimes up to 2 times a week.  




 Hmm maybe it's just a West PA word then. I'm from the north east, and currently live South East, but still haven't ever heard it.  
























 I was in the hospital for a few days a month ago because I fell down two flights of stairs and there was weird shit because of it. Anyways, the guy in the room next to mine was pretty old and I'm assuming he was in for some kind of accident. The nurse was talking to him and said he can have percocets, lortabs, or dilaudid. When he said percocets I cried a little.  




 That's fair. I just use my phone's data if my wifi is shitty at the time, but  I can see where a folder would come in handy 




 I've tripped countless times on dph, so my answer is that it effects everyone differently, and where some people get a nightmare of a high, other actually get something enjoyable. I always just get really cool visuals covering the walls and some confusion. Never anything that terrifies me.  




 Am I the only person that never downloads porn? Is the Internet not good enough for you scoundrels?  




 TIL a missile can be shot down using the same power that it takes to cook two hot pockets  




 I'm very experienced with dph, especially high doses. As for hbwr, I've gone through about 100 seeds, so I'm sure I can offer some advice. With dph I've only noticed the body load take its form in the feeling of intense gravity. Aside from that it just makes me clumsy. With hbwr I didn't get either affect, but I got insane leg cramps a few times. As far as using them for sleep, I do have something to say. Dph is very good with that. Since I built up a tolerance I take about 200-300mgs for sleep, and get absolutely no hallucinations. It really just helps me feel sleepy, as well as keeps me sedated while trying to fall asleep which helps. As for hbwr, I tried taking high doses of that, close to 20 seeds each time. It completely changes the high at a dose like that. I went from euphoria to complete sedation. Almost every time I would be asleep within two hours of ingestion. 

Edit: after rereading the question, I'll actually answer what you asked. For me, I don't trip until I hit about 600mg of dph. Between that and 900mg I just get a good fun high. Melting walls,  stuff like that. Above that is where I start getting fucked up thought loops and closed eye hallucinations, where I'm in a totally different place usually. Also I tend to black out after 1g and then wake up with no memory and weird little hints of the stupid shit I did around the house. 

Lsa is touchy and varies trip to trip. I had an amazing trip on it once, I think around 14 or so seeds. I was so euphoric it was insane and I loved ever second of it. However, I've taken doses right around there other times that end up with nothing happening. I've also noticed that between 10-17 seeds is where I experience the worst cramping. 

If you're looking for a solid definite high, I'd suggest dph. As long as you're familiar with what doses do what to you, as it varies person to person, you'll be fine. I've never experienced any negative side effects from it. I wake up refreshed the next day. Although, I do usually have shakey hands the next day after.  




 I was once at a party on April 20th a few years back. Now being 4/20, it was basically a weed party because my friend group was very much into smoking back then. So I was talking to this girl and she said she'd come, but she brought a friend who was also a mutual friend to one of my friends girlfriends (I'm sure that made no sense). Anyways, they knew it was a night of smoking lots of bud and camping, and still came. I guess they weren't really into weed, so the three girls split a half a bottle of vodka. Now here is where shit gets shitty. I'm standing there just giggling at some nonsense because I was pretty baked. This girl, who I had never even met before this, looks up at me and says, "you're a drug addict and I hate you." 

I was so shocked because it came out of nowhere and at that point I hadn't ever done anything other than  smoke weed. No alcohol, pills, even cigs. On top of that, this girl knew what we were doing there. It's not like she was shocked to see this drug use. So I just brushed it off, because whatever not letting her kill my fun. 

The next morning she texts me and apologizes and blamed it on being drunk. At that point of the night the probably took a shot each. Clearly she was just being a dick head. But I accepted her apology because why make a big deal out of something so small. 

That said, I've never forgotten it. I was never so offended in my life by someone's words at that point. "You're a drug addict, and I hate you." The fuck is that shit?  




 Never met him in person, and only had brief contact via Facebook once. Basically he and my mother did their thing on high school, and when he found out she was pregnant he joined the army and never looked back. About a year after I was born my mom was arrested for drugs (heroin I think)  and I was sent to live with my grandma. I still occasionally see my mother, but I can honestly say that I absolutely do not feel for her at all. No love, no anger, no hatred, but she's fucked up several childrens' lives, so I've done my best to keep her out of mine. As for my father, he never tried to meet me or anything, but he did pay support without ever defaulting or trying to get it lowered or whatever. Now he lives several states away with a wife and two daughters from what I've heard. So i have nothing against the guy, but can't say I like him or anything. Can't say I've given him much thought throughout life.
 




 Probably not the worst, but a couple of days ago my friend had his bong sitting on a little table we were all sitting around. He was excitedly telling a story and went to motion to something with his hand and smacked the bong off the table. As soon as I heard the shatter of his glass and his heart I just started nervously laughing for about five minutes while he cleaned the pieces of the piece off the ground.  




 I'm in the process of helping  a family member move from Philadelphia to Nashville, so once we finish the drive we'll spend the day unloading the truck. Just passed through Knoxville, and god damn is this state beautiful. Especially the sky. They don't make clouds like this where I'm from.  




 I'm not sure why, but when someone calls soda 'pop' it drives me fucking crazy. Calling it coke doesn't bother me at all, but pop? Pop!? What is this, the fifties? Boils my blood to hear it.  




 I can't provide individual examples, but whenever I hear of a soldier using his body to cover a grenade and save his battles it really strikes a cord with me. It's such a selfless act, and I'm sure it's saved countless other soldiers from losing limbs or dying.  




 Basic training in Fort Benning, Georgia. I definitely matured a lot that summer, but I'd be lying if I said it didn't suck a good amount.  




 As someone that grew up not knowing my dad or living with my mom, I really never gave him much thought at all. When I was in 9th grade he sent me a message via Facebook saying who he was. We sent maybe 6 messages each back and forth before I just stopped answering. It's not that he was an asshole or a bad guy, I mean he was an army engineer, and has a whole family now. I think knowing that he does have a whole family is the worst though, because be raised two daughters into their teens before ever even making any sort of contact with me. Now that said, I don't harbor any hatred for him, nor do I wish he was ever a part of my life. My life has been weird and unorthodox, but I've come to accept that and love all of the people that make it what it is.  




 Well of course if lemon juice, then you have to take into consideration the motivation behind it. Usually when lemon juice, it's a selfish act. Entirely lacks compassion or care for others. However, there are rare cases when lemon juice for reasons that nobody else can understand. You really have to look into the root of the issue to understand why lemon juice, and stop being so judgemental, because when push comes to shove you just might have to lemon juice too.  




 Bathrooms across the country are mine for the taking  




 Lives several states away with his family... 




 Funny you should say that about dxm. The first few times I did it people would say my name and I would just be like what? What the hell is that word? And I'd just repeat it over and over trying to figure it out. Fun times.  




 Every  time I've taken percs it made me insanely social and euphoric. I would talk faster than ever on them. Fun stuff.  




 I don't understand it either. I had a friend who puked every time he took gels, and would take them like 5 at a time. Personally, I just twist the lid off, rip the paper, dump all twenty of those suckers in my hand, and pour em in my mouth. Combine that with any liquid, water or tea or whatever, and swallow. Never had a problem, and they always go down easy. I don't even notice the taste. I guess if you don't like something of that size sliding down your food tube then just take like ten at a time.  




 If you're looking for something mild like bud, kratom is probably your best bet. If you're looking to get fucked up, probably most psychedelics or dxm. I enjoy dxm, but it's the kind of drug that you'll probably want to do alone and when you have a good 8 hours to be alone. Also not the best thing to be taking daily. So I'd say kratom for taking the edge off.  




 I found it right in the grass bordering the woods and there weren't any others near it. I'd say the stem was about as big as the palm of my hand, maybe a bit bigger and about as thick as a finger. I'll see if it's where I left it and take a picture with something to scale it. 

Thanks for the help though, I've been looking online for a while now and haven't come up with anything. 

Also, I looked up the megacollybia rodmani and it looks like that's it. 

Edit: wow I was dead wrong on the size, I'll upload a better picture in a minute. I'm thinking you were definitely correct now. 

Edit edit: http://imgur.com/a/MLneN 







































 Thanks! I tried looking online for this and couldn't find any answers. Probably wasn't wording it right, but I knew I could rely on r/drugs 




 Hey all, just a quick question on mushroom cultivation! If I were growing psilocybin mushrooms, had the cakes in the terrariums, and mature mushrooms, how would I actually pick them? Just yank em out of the cake? Or pinch it so there's a little of the stem left? 




 "decapitated by a flying fish" fuck you Terraria  




 The solo in Time is definitely one of my favorites of theirs  




 Heh I realized I should've clarified that it was for her dog, just too lazy to edit 




 One of my relatives uses a thunder shirt for when it's storming or during long car rides. Works incredibly well.  




 I have obe's often with dxm. I just get really comfortable and wrapped up on blankets and then lay back and close my eyes. Usually works.  




 Oh they knew it was a rip tide. That's why the jet ski guy pulled up and said to swim to the left. Also, when I got to shore, that guy told me how to swim if I'm stuck in a rip tide. I honestly don't understand why they wouldn't at least try helping me back to shore. I realize I was still swimming, but I was exerting every drop of energy I had. If I didn't reach walking depth when I did, I have no doubt that I would've just given up and accepted my fate.  




 Exactly what I thought once I made it back. I was clearly struggling out there. Even if he just moved out of the way of the wave, why would he not come back?  




 Right!? Even the one on the life guard chair didn't help me because it looked like I was still swimming fine. In reality, I had accepted my death as soon as I saw the giant wave.  




 So I visited the ocean for the first time ever today. My friend and I were having fun getting smacked by waves and whatnot, but were slowly going out further and further. At one point I see him further out than me, and to the left, so I started swimming that way. Since the waves were pretty big I couldn't really see him on my way over. Next thing I know I'm way far from shore, and the waves are getting pretty big. Little did I know, I was stuck in the rip tide. At this point my friend had already started heading back because the life guard was whistling, which I hadn't noticed.

So now I'm way out there, being pushed back more with every wave. I was swimming as hard as I could, but making no progress. Finally a life guard comes by on a jet ski and tells me to swim left. Well I look ahead of me to see how far I was and then I hear him zoom away. Upon turning around I see a giant wave headed right at me. Well that shit took me way up in the air, and then way down in the water.

Luckily I managed to surface, and swam harder than ever to get back. When my arms weren't doing the trick themselves, I started kicking off really hard with every stroke. Finally I get back to standing depth, but I was too tired to even walk. I just let the incoming waves knock me closer and closer. When I reached the shore itself, the lifeguard was standing maybe twenty feet away telling me to go over to him. Took one step and almost collapsed because my legs were like jelly from kicking off so hard. 

After that, I layed in the sand for what seemed like an hour catching my breath. I have never felt to hopeless in my life, or so tired. I was honestly on the verge of giving up out there because it was so tiring trying to swim against the waves. Of course, when I got back my friend told me that the first thing the lifeguard asked him was if I was drunk. 

Tl;Dr first trip to the ocean results in me almost drowning. Legs turned to jelly, and my mouth was salty. 









 Well I woke up with insane munchies, and I don't really remember much of how the end of my night went. I do remember watching some movie about airplanes. All in all, a good night 




 Well let me say, this is fucking great. As soon as the first one hit me was I getting great colors with my eyes closed. So, as any logical person would, I took two more an hour later. Wish me luck, I'm going in. 




 Luckily I was solo for this ride, but I can't even imagine trying to hide some that obvious 




 What's the point of tripping if I'm not allowed to  cut off a few heads? 




 That pretty much sums up how my trip went. Good to know own there are other trip trippers around.  




 I'm still in motion, but so far so good. Already peaked unfortunately.  




 I'm having fun on the road, and you should definitely tell us about your court story!  




 Yeah I always skip her too. She makes me uncomfortable.  




 After taking it as much as I have in the past, I don't even feel high below 500mgs. So this is a pretty average dose for me. And I've only gotten sick once or twice from it, and that was back when I first started doing it so I'm not too worried.  




 I've done it in worse places, and I'm pretty sure this won't be too bad. I'm just going to be sitting in the ac listening to music, so I'm not too worried. If I hadn't done this stuff so many times I wouldn't even consider doing it where I am today haha 




 Hey there fellow drug users. Well long story short, I have a 25 hour bud ride ahead of me, so I figured why not take some dxm to make the ride a little more fun. Just finished taking the 720mgs, and my bus should be here in about an hour. I'll be updating this as the high progresses!

Edit 1: just for clarity, I'm more than experienced with ole dexter, so the dose is enough for a good third plat. I typically don't vomit on it, but just in case I took it about an hour before the bus, because that should give me a chance to gauge where nausea will be. My plans as of now are to listen to a few albums of floyd or the dead, and when the peak begins I'm going to watch the move "Woodstock: three days of peace and music"  as its filled with great music. 

Edit 2: well my phone died before we even left the first state, and my peak arrived as I was switching busses somewhere. Now I'm just tired and  bored.  
























 Greg was the guy that drove them around and had sex with Jay in the hospital. I believe the guy from the beginning is named Hugh.  




 Hey guys, finally got to watch the film "It Follows", and it left me with a couple of questions. 

First, there were three scenes in the movie which had me very confused. All three of them had to do with various characters passing "it" on. 

1) after the main character and Greg have sex, they show Greg talking to a group of girls and flirting with one of them

2) the main character sees the men on the boat and strips and swims out to them

3) Paul is in the city after having sex with the main character and sees the prostitutes

So my question is whether or not these scenes had anything to do with them passing "it" on. In the first two cases, the monster still ends up coming after them, however after the third the monster isn't seen again. So is there any evidence that they did pass "it"  on in these scenes? Or am I just reading in to it too much? 




 Same thing here. I can drink as much as I want, or as little, and when I wake up I feel sober and fine. Usually great because I sleep like a rock when I drink.  




 The first time I drank was also the first time I smoked, so it was an interesting night. I was just passed out of  the couch laughing my ass of while my friend was passed out behind a potted tree with pizza in his hand. Good times, but I'm also drunk now so  




 I don't know how much experience you have with dph, so if you need any tips or whatever just pm me 




 In my experience, tolerance builds up way fast with dph. I went through a good week of daily tripping a few months back and by the end I would take 800 and get little to no affects. So while you probably could just up it, I'd say wait a week or so and then take a dosage equal to or a bit higher than your last attempt.  




 Definitely going to give this a try. Does the volume matter? And should I just be meditating while listening?  




 I love the way you describe the visuals as looking like bubbles. I can never properly describe what they look like to other people, but I feel like your description is pretty accurate. I usually just say that it looks like a transparent jelly is shaking all over the wall, but nobody ever gets what I mean.  




 Heh well I meant more of a website dedicated to it. Whenever I look on YouTube I just find shitty videos that people take of someone tripping too hard in a store or some shit.  









 Yeah I had a feeling I'd be stuck upping the dose. The time I took 1500 was definitely 4th plat and was intense, but it was amazing. Haven't ever tried smoking with it though, so I'll give that a try as well. Thanks!  




 Hey guys, just looking for some tips on hitting the fourth plat. I have tons of experience with dxm, just about every single trip being in the third plat. My typical dose is around 700-900mg, which is perfect when I'm looking for a good third plateau to listen to music. However, I'm wanting to go up a step with my trip to keep things fresh. So any advice on ways to potentiate the trip? Or am I just going to have to ramp up my dose? I'm fine with the latter, as I've taken as much as 1.5g at a time, but I'd rather find a different way. Thanks! 




 Nothing wrong with polistirex! The trip will be a bit different as far as intensity and length, but that's about it 




 My experiences were different every time. Varied from absolutely nothing, to tiredness, to a weird trip where I could hear my thoughts as though someone else were speaking them, and finally to an amazing euphoric experience.  




 I feel ya. Started off with 600 and have only gone higher. Below that just feels like I'm losing every desirable affect and gaining nothing.  




 If you took gel caps then it was straight dxm, they're reliable as anything else. Maybe more so because there isn't anything else in it. But your dosage doesn't sound too high at all. I'd say try it again if you're up to it. May have just had an anomalous bad time, or maybe you just don't like it. 




 2 capsules, 550mg each 




 Apparently Jerry Garcia was also addicted to heroine, according to the newish documentary on Netflix about Bob Weir. I believe he said that it pretty much made Garcia not give a shit about his health, which led to massive weight gain and his eventual death. 

Edit: woops, didn't see you had him on there 




 TL;DR chased through carnival by murderous smurfs 




 When I was in like fourth grade my friend had an old bridge going across a creek in his woods, but all the planks were gone so it was just the beams. Being the spry intelligent little kids we were, we would hop from beam to beam often. Well one time I attempted this with wet feet, and slid upon landing. My feet went out from under me and I smacked my chin right off of the steel beam. Ended up getting many stitches that night.  




 I actually found a site that had pre-built terrariums for sale not too long ago. They had one that was $50 for the container, humidifier, and some other piece of equipment. I'll send ya a link in a minute when I find it! 

Edit: well it appears that it was only on sale when I checked last, and now costs around 150. However they do have fruiting chambers for $50 that look to hold a single cake. Just browse www.mushbox.co/mushroom_kits.html for something that suits your needs!  




 Similar experience happened to me recently in Ocean City. By the time I got back i literally couldn't take more than  a step or two without my legs giving out because of how hard I was kicking off while trying to swim back. Terrifying experience.  




 I actually ended up buying ginger capsules for this exact reason. It did help with the nausea of lsa, but not the cramping.  




 Hey, experienced dxm user here! I can't really help with the dosage, as it's very reliant on your size. What I can say though, is that you should try using cough gels, rather than syrup. There's no disgusting taste, and it's very easy to get exactly the dosage you want. Just about every pharmacy type store sells them, and usually have their own brand. Typically comes in a small white bottle, inside of plastic, with "robogels" written on it.

Also, good luck! Dxm is a powerful disassociative, but in all of my experiences it has been fun as hell.  




 Thank you! That was actually my first guess 
























