









































































































































































 Do you? 







































 I'll start. Vegans. Yes, their air of superiority annoys me as much as anybody else, but it's earned! I know the horrors of how factory farms treat their animals, and I know it's wrong. I know I could help by ceasing to be a costumer, but being vegan is too difficult an undertaking for me. It's the right thing to do, but even knowing what I know, I can't make that commitment. So Reddit... who's better than you? 











































































































































 Because, you know... context. 





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 This is sort of a USA question (it's Memorial Day weekend here), but anyone is welcome to join in and represent their own country: if politicians were required by law to have served in the military in order to be eligible for office, do you think there would be more war, or less? Why?

I know in some countries, all men are required to serve. 

























































































 Here's a pro-Christian story for you. I drained our bank account today to do laundry and go grocery shopping. I was thirty-something dollars short at the register and the nice, old, Christian couple behind me said that Jesus implores them to help me and my daughter. I thanked them about a hundred times and all they said was "bless you" in return. Some of my faith in humanity has been restored :-)

I'm an atheist and I have been most of my life, and believe me, I know all about the evils of religion and the harm it's caused throughout history and today, but we have to be willing to give credit where credit is due. 

Yes, I know it would've been better if they'd done it out of their own personal goodness instead of what Jesus would have them do, but regardless, it was a nice thing to do, and I am grateful.

TL;DR - Christian couple pays the balance for my groceries and I, as an atheist, am delighted. 





























 January 17, 2012

 

 

 

Dear Christopher,

 

Knowing your concern regarding the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), I wanted to take this opportunity to update you on my position regarding this legislation.  I have appreciated having the benefit of your thoughts on this important issue.

 

H.R. 3261, the Stop Online Piracy Act was introduced by Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX) on October 26, 2011.  It has been referred to the House Judiciary Committee. The primary purpose of SOPA is to stop the theft of intellectual property from foreign-based websites. 

 

Although well intentioned, many have raised legitimate concerns regarding the legislation and believe the manner in which SOPA attempts to achieve its goals of stopping the theft of intellectual property from foreign-based websites is unworkable and includes many unintended and dangerous consequences. I am writing today to inform you that I have severe reservations with the legislation in its current form.

One of the main issues regarding SOPA, is it would force Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to block access to websites that have been accused of facilitating copyright infringement.  Blocking access will likely slow down internet connectivity, while eroding the necessary trust the system needs. It would also set a dangerous precedent of allowing our government  and others  to filter domains. Fortunately, all sides have signaled this provision should be dropped.

Furthermore, the legislation would place a tremendous legal burden on websites accused of third-party copyright infringement and would cause them to be removed from search engines.  Even if they made an honest mistake, they would be faced with litigation from the U.S. Attorney General. Fighting the accusations would cost an enormous amount of time and money, and smaller sites would likely go out of business. Private lawsuits could also be brought against the websites. This would open up the potential for massive lawsuit abuse  even though the vast majority of online piracy occurs through a small number of websites.

While the federal government does have a role in protecting intellectual property rights, it should do so in a way that does not weaken internet security, disrupt growth, or restrict free speech and your First Amendment rights. 

As the debate on this legislation continues, I look forward to working with my colleagues in the House of Representatives to ensure the needs of copyright protection are balanced with the First Amendment Rights of all Americans. Currently H.R. 3261 remains in the House Judiciary Committee. While I do not serve on this committee, rest assured I will keep your concerns in mind should this legislation, or a similar bill ever come to the floor of the House of Representatives for a vote.  

 

It is an honor to represent you in Congress.  Your suggestions are always welcome.  Please feel free to contact either my Washington office at (202) 225-5456 or the district office, (603) 641-9536.  Also visit my website at www.guinta.house.gov  for information on legislative issues and follow me on Facebook at facebook.com/repfrankguinta  and Twitter at @RepFrankGuinta.  

 

 


Sincerely,


Frank Guinta
Member of Congress 




 My email to Representative Peter G. Palumbo: 

You called a teenage girl an "evil little thing" because she's an atheist and got religion out of a public school where it doesn't belong? You ought to be ashamed of yourself. Actually, you ought to be dragged out of office. You know what I consider evil? A full grown adult male in a position of power publicly shaming a child who bravely challenged the system and won. You are a coward.

If anyone would like to join in: rep-palumbo@rilin.state.ri.us rep-palumbo@rilin.state.ri.us 






















































 This never made sense to me. The following are considered histories:

    King John

    Edward III 

    Richard II

    Henry IV, Part 1

    Henry IV, Part 2

    Henry V

    Henry VI, Part 1

    Henry VI, Part 2

    Henry VI, Part 3

    Richard III

    Henry VIII

While the following are considered tragedies:

    Coriolanus

    Julius Caesar

    Antony and Cleopatra

    King Lear

    Macbeth 




 Furthermore, how was it ever seen as a good idea to just take someone country, divide it, displace its people, and give it away to someone else? If the UN just suddenly decided that it was going to create a (insert ethnic or religious people) state by dividing the US into West and East halves and give the Western United States away, wouldn't it pretty well expected that Americans, especially the displaced ones from the West, would get pissed? I can't wrap my head around how this ever seemed like a good idea to anyone ever. 




 It seems to me his rabble rousing "Long Telegram" instigated the whole thing. 












































 Favorite: More detailed/realistic utilitarian/militaristic all black   gray Batman without the yellow oval insignia and no more underwear outside the pants.

Lease favorite: Power Girl. How do you go from [this perfection](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/c/ce/Power_Girl.png) to [this garbage](http://media.comicvine.com/uploads/6/65157/2195588-pg_large.jpg)? 



















 Current roster:

Batman

Catwoman

Cyborg

Deathstroke

The Flash

Green Arrow

Green Lantern (Hal Jordan)

Harley Quinn

The Joker

Nightwing

Solomon Grundy

Superman

Wonder Woman 









 The violence of this play is actually so over-the-top, all I could think of is old "B" horror movies.

We have war, ritual butchery and sacrifice, crime of passion, premeditated murder, rape (gang rape at that), mutilation, execution, self-mutilation, cold-blooded senseless murder, torture, the threat of infanticide, cannibalism, honor-killing, child murder, consensual homicide, and if you believe Titus knew he wasnt going to live through it himself, you can call it suicide in there as well.  And layers upon layers of revenge. 














 First off, let's get the disclaimer out of the way: I am **NOT** a racist. At all. I recently moved to San Antonio from New Hampshire to be closer to my family, which, by the way, includes quite a few Mexican-Americans. 

I have a 3-year-old daughter who is white with gray eyes and blond hair. Recently, my wife told me coworkers of hers, including Mexican-American women, warned her after meeting our daughter that blond-haired/blue-eyed white girls get picked on by the girls of Mexican descent. 

Is this true? If so, why is it true? My wife didn't want to push the issue with her coworkers at the risk of offending them, but I'm worried for my daughter, who will be entering into pre-K next year. I doubt it's a problem with 4-year-olds, but I don't want her to grow up being bullied, either.

I have no problem with Mexican-Americans or Mexicans in general. In fact, one of the things I love about San Antonio is the Mexican culture, art, and food. 

Another thing that I've noticed is my daughter, being very outgoing and friendly, tends to walk onto playgrounds waving, smiling, and shouting things like, "Hi, friends! My name is _______! Want to play?" and the looks she gets from some of the kids are like... I don't know... mean. Like, "Who is the kid? Why is she saying hi to me? Why is she calling me a friend?" This got her instant playmates in NH. Here, it gets her dirty looks. Cultural thing? Again, this is the Latino/Latina children. The white, black, and Asian kids have been pretty warm to her.

Sorry if this is a TL;DR, but I don't know how to shorten it and I'm very curious.

**EDIT**: I'd be especially interested in hearing from Mexicans, especially those who grew up in San Antonio.

For those downvoting, I don't get you. This is an honest question out of concern for my daughter. It's not an attack on anybody. 














 A Monologue is a speech that is spoken to someone else, or at least another character on the stage hears it.

A Soliloquy, is a speech spoken to nobody, and only the audience hears it, not any other character in the play. 

So which is this? 

When Shakespeare writes dialog, they say what they mean. If hes talking about Love, hes in love. If hes talking about killing someone, hes angry and really wants to kill them. It is, for the most part, difficult to lie in Shakespearean speech, without a stage direction saying, He or She is lying. There are exceptions, but they just have to be supported by the text. The things other people say, or what that character says before or after the incident in question. In other words, they do say what they mean, unless there is evidence to support otherwise.

What is it even saying anyway?

To be, or not to be... 

Be as in existing. To exist or not to exist, to live or not to live. Okay, hes openly questioning if he should live or die. So, this speech is about whether or not Hamlet should kill himself, which isnt totally out of the blue; at the beginning of the play, the first time Hamlet is onstage alone, he contemplates it there as well.

Whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer

The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune,

Or to take arms against a sea of troubles,

And, by opposing, end them.

Which is better? Just take my wealth and position, keeping my mouth shut, but be racked with guilt over it, or to actually stand up for what I believe in, even though it would destroy and kill me and my family?

To die, to sleep-

No more, and by a sleep to say we end

The heartache and the thousand natural shocks

That flesh is heir to  tis a consummation

Devoutly to be wished.

But if Im dead, no more pain, no more suffering, no more guilt, and all the problems I have now just go away. Hey, that sounds pretty good...

To die, to sleep.

To sleep, perchance to dream. Ay, theres the rub,

For in that sleep of death what dreams may come

When we have shuffled off this mortal coil

Must give us pause. Theres the respect

That makes calamnity of so long life...

And if its all just a long sleep, whats on that other side? Its supposed to be so wonderful; thats why we endure all the crap in this world.

It goes on, but we can see its basically a suicide note of sorts, or at least a contemplation on the part of Hamlet.

Just before Hamlet comes on stage to give this speech, Claudius and Polonius, the murderous King and his Crony are talking with Ophelia, Polonius daughter, and Queen Gertrude. The Queen leaves... okay, now 3 on the stage. Polonius
then says:

Ophelia, walk you here.  Gracious, so please you,

We will bestow ourselves.

Hes telling Ophelia, Hamlets Girlfriend, to hang out here. But we will bestow ourselves.? 

The archaic meaning of bestow is to stow, deposit, store. So... lets store ourselves? Lets stow ourselves? Yes! Theyre saying, Lets go hide, which they then do. They exit, and Hamlet enters, talking all morbid.

But Ophelia is still on-stage. There is no Ophelia exits, nor is there Ophelia re-enters, so shes there the whole time while Hamlet talks about killing himself.

So, is the speech an aside that no one else hears? No, because at least one other person hears it, if not three. Hamlet finishes, then sees Ophelia, they have a big argument, and he gets crazy with the nunnery bit.

Exit Hamlet; enter back in Claudius and Polonius, talking about how mad Hamlet seemed because they absolutely heard him and Hamlet knew this. Then Polonius says:

How now, Ophelia?

You need not tell us what Lord Hamlet said;

We heard it all.

So, they did hear it! 

In most all the previous scenes, and the ones after, Hamlet is very active; hes planning, plotting, getting things ready; hes already made some written contributions for the Theatre troupe thats preparing to perform for the Royal Court. Hes been pushing his plans forward to trap the King and give the final proof he needs to show that the King did in fact kill his father. Since seeing the ghost of his dead dad, hes been consumed by this desire for justice and revenge. Suddenly, for this 1 scene, he does a complete 180 degrees and finds it a good idea to kill himself? Yes, he contemplated it in the beginning, but keep in mind, that was BEFORE he found out his father was murdered. He didn't have any motivations as he does now. At that time, it was thought to be natural causes and the will of God, and hence, theres no one to get mad at, because no one did anything wrong. When the issue of murder comes up, that changes everything and revenge becomes his motive.

Suicide is a non-solution. Its a passive thing to do compared to the rest of the events going on. Its the easy way out, and Hamlet has been setting up these plots and plays with Machiavellian precision, which is definitely not the easy way to do anything. One could claim this speech shows another side to the character of Hamlet, but would that do anything to move the story forward? On its own, it doesnt. The full text of this play can run upwards of 4 hours long. How many people will sit for a 4 hour movie when it has parts that go nowhere? Is this speech Shakespeares way of saying, Heres a bathroom break?

NO! It is NOT a soliloquy! Ophelia was on-stage. Claudius and Polonius are hiding, and listening in, and Hamlet knows it! That means his whole suicide speech is by design. Hes already spent a few scenes convincing people that hes gone mad, and there IS method in it. The King and crony are trying to figure out if its true. Now, hes actively deceiving them, so that would make this speech something that moves the plot forward. Its just another part of Hamlets master
plan, and so far, theyre falling right into it.

More evidence: The last time we saw Hamlet on stage, he meets The Players, and asks the head player to give a short, impromptu performance, who readily obliges him. Then, everyone else ends up leaving the stage, leaving Hamlet, alone, for real this time. Here he has a real soliloquy (he even mentions hes all alone) whereupon he marvels at the performance that head player just gave. In fact, he realizes, and is very much ashamed at the fact, that the actor has just
shown more intensity and commitment in his task of that brief performance than Hamlet has in HIS task of avenging his fathers murder. Hamlet has just mentally smacked himself, reminding him to start raising the stakes, or hes going to fail at his task, and also realized the importance of acting as a role in his deceptions.

So I'm supposed to believe that suddenly, the very next words he speaks on stage are implying the direct opposite? That he wants to kill himself? A soliloquy of his innermost thoughts that says he needs to step it up followed by another saying the complete opposite? 

Even MORE evidence: Shakespeares original source for Hamlet. This is NOT an original play by Shakespeare. It had been done previously by other playwrights and writers. The original source is called Historia Danica by Saxo Grammaticus. It chronicles the story of Prince Amlothi, also referred to as Amlethus. Pull off the u-s at the end, move the "H" to the front, and you have "Hamlet." The plot matches the play exactly. The father of Amlethus is murdered by his brother who then marries Amlethus mother, the Prince seeks revenge. A large part of his plan has to do with feigning madness. Two attempts are made to prove hes actually sane, one of which is to tempt him into lechery, the thinking being that any man who lusts for women cannot truly be insane. His uncle arranges for a woman to casually run into Amlethus in the forest to seduce him while they watch, which is the prototype scene for this Hamlet/Ophelia scene. But Amlethus is warned of the trap ahead of time, so he makes his own arrangements to whisk her off to a hidden place away from the eyes of the Kings agents, who gets her to tell him everything. He also has sex with her, because why wouldn't he? But in the view of the Kings agents, he continues his act of being batshit insane.

"To Be or Not To Be" is not a soliloquy; it is a monologue! 
























 Show 'em love by finding them on Facebook   Twitter for extra likes and follows:

George Carlin

Bill Hicks

[Eddie Izzard](https://www.facebook.com/eddieizzard?ref=ts fref=ts)

Louis CK

[Tim Minchin](https://www.facebook.com/timminchin?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Hannibal Buress](https://www.facebook.com/HannibalBuress?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Todd Glass](https://www.facebook.com/ToddGlass?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Marc Maron](https://www.facebook.com/WTFPodcast?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Jamie Kilstein](https://www.facebook.com/jamiekilsteinfanpage?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Patton Oswalt](https://www.facebook.com/pattonoswalt?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Doug Stanhope](https://www.facebook.com/officialstanhope?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Jim Jeffries](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Jim-Jeffries/275779855987?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Bill Maher](https://www.facebook.com/Maher?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Bo Burnham](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Bo-Burnham/10947828617?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Keith Lowell Jensen](https://www.facebook.com/kljfans?ref=ts fref=ts)

David Cross

[Ricky Gervais](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Ricky-Gervais/108578005851743?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Christopher Wayne Jackson](https://www.facebook.com/cwjcomedian)

[Ryan Bourassa](https://www.facebook.com/RyanBourassa?ref=ts fref=ts)

Billy Connolly

[Jimmy Carr](https://www.facebook.com/jimmycarrfans?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Joe Rogan](https://www.facebook.com/JOEROGANDOTNET?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Stephen Fry](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Stephen-Fry/104083552960329?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Eddie Griffin](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Eddie-Griffin/73107530966?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Penn Jillette](https://www.facebook.com/PennJill?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Seth MacFarlane](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Seth-MacFarlane/14105972607?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Adam Carolla](https://www.facebook.com/officialadamcarolla?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Kathy Griffin](https://www.facebook.com/kathygriffin?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Paula Poundstone](https://www.facebook.com/PaulaPoundstone?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Janeane Garofalo](https://www.facebook.com/JaneaneGarofalo?ref=ts fref=ts)

[Sarah Silverman](https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sarah-Silverman/162150313835070?ref=ts fref=ts)

Got more?

**EDIT**: Thanks for all the suggestions! Sorry for forgetting so many women! Keep 'em coming! 



























































 I'm using Linux Mint 13 w/Cinnamon (Maya) and the PS3 Eye was detected and works, but only as a camera. I installed Skype, and even though it uses the PS3 as a camera, it doesn't even give the PS3 Eye as an option for a microphone, instead defaulting to PulseAudio server (local). 




 I'm using Linux Mint 13 w/Cinnamon (Maya) and the PS3 Eye was detected and works, but only as a camera. I installed Skype, and even though it uses the PS3 as a camera, it doesn't even give the PS3 Eye as an option for a microphone, instead defaulting to PulseAudio server (local). 




 I'm using Linux Mint 13 w/Cinnamon (Maya) and the PS3 Eye was detected and works, but only as a camera. I installed Skype, and even though it uses the PS3 as a camera, it doesn't even give the PS3 Eye as an option for a microphone, instead defaulting to PulseAudio server (local). 




 I'm using Linux Mint 13 w/Cinnamon (Maya) and the PS3 Eye was detected and works, but only as a camera. I installed Skype, and even though it uses the PS3 as a camera, it doesn't even give the PS3 Eye as an option for a microphone, instead defaulting to PulseAudio server (local). 









 Every history teacher I've ever had always explained the importance of history as a means to learn from our past. Do we, though? Seems like we always have the same problems in government, wars, laws, civil rights, etc. For example, miscegenation used to be argued against the same way same-sex marriage is now. We said there'd never be another Vietnam, going into a foreign country, fighting non-soldiers without uniforms without an exit strategy, but we did. Do we really learn from our past? 



















 I just did a clean install of Maya (Mint 13 w/Cinnamon). My PS3 Eye, which I had been using as a webcam/microphone for Skype purposes, was plugged in when I booted up the first time, and the camera was detected and works perfectly. The problem is, the microphone doesn't pick up. Can't Skype without a microphone. Any ideas?

**UPDATE**: I found [this forum](http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=1785840) which had the following advice which worked for someone:

Quote:

CARDINFO{driver}=="USB-Audio", INCLUDE="usb", GOTO="init_end"

To /usr/share/alsa/init/00main in the section that is '# real ALSA configuration database'

Unfortunately, being a noob, I have no idea what to do with that information. 









 **EDIT**: Linux Mint w/Cinnamon (they couldn't come up with a gayer name?) is fully installed and working perfectly. Thank you so much to both AziMandia and PyroNavi for all the help. Goodbye Microsoft!

I'll just go ahead and subscribe to this subreddit and hope my noobishness fades over time... 



























































 Mind literally blown 





























 A coworker of my wife's is recommending it for weight loss, apparently featured on Dr. Oz. I'm instantly skeptical when it comes to miracle weight-loss products.

The best I can find is this: http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2012/03/120327134209.htm

But 17 pounds over 22 weeks is only .77 lbs. per week, which has to be less than simply diet   exercise. 




 **EDIT** I want to thank everyone who has responded so far, especially those who managed to do it without berating or insulting others. I've already voted this morning, but others won't vote for another week or so, therefore I welcome a continuation of this conversation.

Just *please* keep it civil. People can disagree without resorting to insults. 
































































 I recently discovered r/youshouldknow and I'm glad I did! 



















 My two ideas:

1.    On-the-spot fact-checking. Lies and misinformation should be called out right then and there.

2.    Mics turn off at time limits.

Any more from Reddit? 






















































 I don't need a monitor, drives, keyboard, mouse, or a big hard drive. All I want to do with it is hook it up to my HDTV (so it'll need HD video output) and surround sound system (so it'll need optical audio output), and it'll be online. I'll only be using it to download and watch movies.

I have a cheap Dell refurbish with a single 3GHz processor and 4GB of RAM and it's just not delivering seamless HD. I end up with skipping, stuttering, audio synching, and other issues. I use VLC, DIVX, and, when all else fails, WMP. 

















































 I'm 31 and I just wrote a paper for my sociology class on prejudice, discrimination, ethnocentrism, and cultural relativism. Some would consider ethnocentrism and cultural relativism opposites, but I was able to find good and bad aspects of cultural relativism, so I expected to be able to show some examples where ethnocentrism could yield positive outcomes. I could not. Can you? 













































































































 ...if the hurricane has them watching the government-run/tax-payer-funded weather service on the government-run/tax-payer-funded emergency broadcast system to see if they'll have to leave the government-run/tax-payer-funded building by way of the government-run/tax-payer-funded evacuation procedures using the government-run/tax-payer-funded roads and bridges..." ~ Christopher Wayne Jackson (comedian) 















































































 So there's that. 
























 I don't believe in coincidences. 






















































































































































































































 Please include book/author.

One of my favorite lines from Catcher in the Rye was "Ask her if she still keeps her kings in the back row." 

Vladimir Nabokov's Lolita: "I talk in a daze, I walk in a maze, I cannot get out, said the starling."

Oscar Wilde, "Every saint has a past; every sinner has a future."

Finally, more than a line, but damn:

You know the reason The Beatles made it so big? I Wanna Hold Your Hand. First single. Fucking brilliant. Perhaps the most fucking brilliant song ever written. Because they nailed it. Thats what everyone wants. Not 24/7 hot wet sex. Not a marriage that lasts a hundred years. Not a Porsche, or a million-dollar crib. No. They wanna hold your hand. They have such a feeling that they cant hide. Every single successful song of the past fifty years can be traced back to I Wanna Hold Your Hand. And every single successful love story has those unbearable and unbearably exciting moments of hand-holding. ~ Nick and Norahs Infinite Playlist by David Levithan. 




 How can the Mortal Kombat guys NOT have a Sub-Zero? Especially with Batman ganking Scorpion moves AND catch-phrases. Imagine how sick he'd look!

With Croc, I know there's already a few heavy-hitters like Grundy, Bane, and Doomsday, but Croc is more wild, and his attacks could involve biting, clawing, tail whips (give him a tail), and use of the sometimes-depicted chains on his wrists.

Jason Todd is one of the best straight-up fighters in the DC universe, adept at any weapon, and would be a good counter to the villains' Deathstroke. 




 High qual. Price isn't the issue. 




 Is there a cheap   easy way to make tablets like Aspirin? Someone might know people who'd love to get MDMA, but they'd be skeptical of gel-caps and wouldn't know what to do with powder or crystals. It would seem most street sales of "ecstasy" are in pressed tablet form. 




 I think the greatest social experiment ever would be to divide the US into two allied-but-separate nations. 

One would be The United Conservative Republican States of America (USRSA). 

The other would be The United Liberal Democrat States of America (ULDSA). 

We'd still be cool and everything, totally best buds, but governed separately.

Let's see who's doing better in 50 years.

**UCRSA:**

* Abortion is outlawed with a possible exception for rape and incest in some of their 25 states (states' rights). 

* All or most gun laws are lifted, varying by state. 

* School prayer takes place immediately before the required pledge of allegiance, although children may opt-out. 

* The 10 Commandments can be listed in court houses, public schools, and other Christian references are allowed in generally public squares. 

* Hostility toward non-Christian faiths, and especially secularism may cause a mass exodus of non-Christians. 

* Same-sex marriage is outlawed with marriage defined in the constitution as one-man/one-woman. Some states may opt to allow for civil unions.

* Strict laws are passed to prevent illegal immigration with employers of undocumented workers fined or jailed. 

* Illegal immigrants are exported. 

* Even with 25 states, the UCRSA still outspends every other country on defense, continues war on terror. Efforts on homeland security are maintained or expanded.

* Tax breaks persist for the wealthiest Americans while social programs to benefit the poor are drastically defunded or cut altogether. Welfare is dramatically overhauled. 

* The death penalty is subject to state law, with most states requiring capital punishment for at least some offenses. 

* Drugs laws vary by state in terms of penal severity, but marijuana remains federally outlawed. 

* Free market economy is minimally-regulated with corporate tax incentives. American corporations may therefore choose to be headquartered in the UCRSA over the ULDSA.

* The energy economy emphases oil, natural gas, and coal with expanded off-shore drilling, pipelines, and fracking. Environmental regulations are relaxed.

* OSHA compliance becomes optional. OSHA-certified companies may advertise their jobs as such.

* Minimum wage varies by state and is not mandated.

 ______________________________________


**ULDSA:** 

* Abortion varies by states, but is legal to some extent everywhere. 

* Guns are heavily regulated, but some form of a firearm is legal in all 25 states, albeit with conditions. Licenses are granted for either hunting, protection, or both. In either case, gun-owners are registered with their firearms, all sales are tracked including ammunition and accessories, and licenses require criminal and mental health background checks. All gun sales and purchases must be carried out by licensed gun-retailers: no gun shows, no private sales. Guns, ammunition, magazines, and accessories are limited and regulated.

* Separation of church   state is explicit in the constitution with the ULDSA officially declared legally secular. Religions may operate freely, but fall under all normal laws and are subject to equal taxation. 

* Taxes are based proportionately on wealth with those most able to pay subject to higher taxes; those least able to pay are subject to less or no taxes. 

* Marriages between any consenting adults are recognized with all relevant benefits. 

* Equal rights are afforded to any and all Americans, regardless of race, gender, sexuality, religion, etc. "Affirmative action" varies according to state laws.

* Native Americans are offered an entire state with a sincere apology and an offer to declare independence as a sovereignty or remain a territory of the ULDSA with all relevant protections and rights under assumption of recognition of applicable federate laws and mandates.

* The ULDSA largely stays out of foreign affairs and redirects previous defense funds toward education, infrastructure, social programs, a replacement program for NASA, scientific research, and single-payer "socialized" health care.

* Health care falls under government regulation with taxes and subsidies encouraging healthier lifestyle choices. 

* Death penalty abolished with the highest form of punishment being "life without possibility of parole." Greater emphasis on rehabilitation. 

* Drug offenders with no violent criminal history are released. Criminal records of drug offenses are kept for reference only. 

* Marijuana legalized and regulated. 

* Fossil fuels are reduced with greater emphasis on renewable energy sources and limited nuclear. 





Where would you rather live? Be honest.

Feel free to make corrections to any assertions or assumptions made about either country, who you think would "win" economically and otherwise over time, and where you'd rather live and why. 




 

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded v=ltun92DfnPY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded v=ltun92DfnPY) 




 Got word he shipped and a tracking number in less than 24 hours. No FE asked for. Four days later, the product is in my hand and vacuum sealed. I'll come back to review the actual product, but when it's advertised as "regular commercial" and at this price, you can't be too disappointed. DrWhite is ultra A+. Will do business again. HIGHLY recommended. 




 I've only ever had MDMA (I think), but what are the rolls like on these other substances? Any worth trying? Good alternatives?

4-MEC

Butylone

MDA

Methylone

MPA
 









 I'm considering dropping a couple grand, but I can't afford to lose a couple grand. Is any vendor **THAT** trust-worthy? 







































 I know this has been asked before, but it's been a while, and this isn't just about "saddest." Was it shocking? Did it make you angry? Were you glad? Do you ever want them to come back? If they have come back, are you happy or mad? 




 I'm trying to choose a subject for my Anthropology final :) 

My paper will be on applied anthropology, but I need to narrow it down as anthropology is apparently applied to nearly everything! 












































 Thinking of enrolling my 3-year-old daughter in a gymnastics class. Based on online research alone, I'm leading toward this place: http://www.gymnasticsofsanantonio.com/programs

Anyone have experiences with any place in SA they'd like to share? 


































 I want to get my wife gift certificates for a quality massage and a pedicure. It doesn't have to be the same place, but we're new in town (from New England), and she doesn't have a regular place for either one anymore. We're in the Ingram Park area just south of Leon Valley, but anywhere an hour drive or less would be fine. Thank you! 












































 DAE think "quantity" and "price" should be added to the sort options? Popularity and seller ratings are all well and good, but it's annoying to try and find pounds in a sea of grams, or trying to find the pricier bulk stuff out of over a thousand options. 




 For example, Marvel gets Batman and DC gets Spider-Man. 




 My pick? It may surprise you. Not Superman. Not Batman. Wonder Woman. Marvel already has a rich mythology with Thor, Hercules, etc., and related characters, and the Wonder Woman mythology would blend nicely. Besides, how many comics does Marvel have starring a solo woman?

Who would I trade to get her? Well, Wonder Woman is one of DC's "Big Three," or "Trinity," so it's going to take a sizable trade. I'd offer Daredevil, Elektra, Bullseye, Moon Knight, Power Man, Iron Fist, Ghost Rider, and The Fantastic Four. 




 My pick? Spider-Man. He'd be a shoe-in for The Justice League, and he brings a unique style and power-set to the DC universe. 

Who would I be willing to trade to get him? I'd like to see what Marvel could do with some 2nd stringers like Booster Gold   Blue Beetle (Kord), but they'd probably need more in exchange for a heavy-hitter like Spider-Man. Throw in Lady Godiva, Fire, Ice, Power Girl, Captain Atom, Firestorm, Red Tornado and Hawkman if that's what it takes. If that's still not enough, throw in Captain Marvel. How could they resist? 



































































































 Some suggestions:

* Batgirl (Steph)
* Batgirl/Black Bat (Cassandra)
* The Atom (as Palmer or Choi)
* Dr. Mid-Nite
* Hour Man
* Renee Montoya (she's been mentioned and pictured as Katie Kane's ex, who has been seemingly unaffected by the non-reboot)
* Elongated Man
* Azrael (either one)
* Plastic Man
* Icon   Rocket
* Other Milestone characters
* Union
* Aqualad (Garth or Hyde)
* Blue Beetle (Kord)
* The Endless
* Helena Bertinelli 
* Doom Patrol
* Metamorpho and Element Woman
* Adam Strange
* Miss Martian
* The Metal Men
* Bizarro
* Doomsday
* Wally West
* Donna Troy
* Xombi
* Nemesis (Wildstorm)
* Spartan (Wildstorm)
* Red Tornado
* Mister Miracle
* Barda
* The Creeper
* Cheshire
* Circe
* Catman
* Scandal Savage
* Knockout
* Shadowpact
* Ragman
* Gypsy
* Mxyzptlk
* Wildcat
* Jesse Quick
* Manhunter
* Guardian
* Duela Dent
* Bronze Tiger
* Rick Flag
* Major Force
* Freedom Fighters
* Jade
* Geo-Force
* Zauriel
* Roulette
* Captain Comet
* Bombshell
* Parasite
* Rip Hunter
* Goldstar
* Toyman
* Despero
* Superboy Prime
* Alex Luthor
* Psycho-Pirate
* Jericho
* Calculator
* Cyborg Superman
* Kid Devil
* Red Star
* Mr. Mind
* Vigilante
* Prometheus
* Aztek
* Eradicator
* Sonar
* Evil Star
* Lian Harper, Connor Hawke, Mia Dearden
* Tempest
* Black Alice 
* Citizen Steel
* Atlee
* Obsidian
* The Outsider
* Canterbury Cricket
* Ambush Bug
* Ragdoll

Feel free to point out if any of this characters *have*, in fact, appeared. I collect many titles, but not all, so some of them may have appeared by now. This is also not meant by any means to be a complete list. 

































































































































 I'm aware of

one-man/one-woman

one-man/multiple-women

one-woman/multiple-men

one-man/one-man

one-woman/one-woman

but is there multiple-men/multiple-women or just 3-or-more men or 3-or-more-women marriages recognized anywhere in the world? 




 I'm aware of 

one-man/one-woman

one-man/multiple-women

one-woman/multiple-men

one-man/one-man

one-woman/one-woman

but is there multiple-men/multiple-women or just 3-or-more men or 3-or-more-women marriages recognized anywhere in the world? 





























 Your body's name must be Visa, because it's everywhere I want to be... 






















































 My picks:

Justice League: International - It was just getting good when they canceled it.

Shadow Cabinet: An old Milestone series featuring Icon, Rocket, Donner, Blitzen, Iron Butterfly, Mechanic, Payback, Starlight, Twilight, etc.

Cyborg: I think it's pretty messed up he was promoted to be a core and founding member of the Justice League and doesn't have his own book.

Black Lightning: Very cool superhero who doesn't get the exposure he deserves.

Ragman: He looks cool and there just aren't a lot of Jewish superheroes. He could even join Batman Inc. and be the sanctioned hero of Israel or something.

The Creeper: An entertaining character who, in the hands of the right writer, can be a great read.

Lobo: Yeah, this character reeks of the 90s, but he's kind of like DC's answer to Wolverine.

Hitman: One of the best comics DC has ever published.

The Atom: The on-again, off-again Leaguer has some interesting adventures.

New Gods: It's kind of a classic, and Orion and Darkseid have already made appearances.
 














 It could be artists or writers, but who's someone who gets a lot of fanfare you just can't stand, and why?

Personally, for writers, I have to say Frank Miller. While I loved everything he did up until 300, everything since has been awful.

For artists, ~~Scott Lobdell~~ Kenneth Rocafort, mainly for that [stupid pentagon](http://insidepulse.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/Screen-shot-2011-09-21-at-8.54.15-PM-500x319.png) he obsessively draws on every nose.

**EDIT**: I want to add J. Michael Straczynski to writers. In terms of Spider-Man's worst enemies, Doc Ock and Green Goblin have nothing on JMS. 




















































































 Cowardice asks the question, "Is it safe?" Expediency asks the question, "Is it politic?" Vanity asks the question, "Is it popular?" But, conscience asks the question, "Is it right?" And there comes a time when one must take a position that is neither safe, nor politic, nor popular, but one must take it because one's conscience tells one that it is right. ~ Martin Luther King Jr. 














 [Brian Eno "An Ending"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKw5mbcE7VY)

Listening to this song, filling the frisson, then read the top two comments. The second one (philipboydy) did me in. Frisson overload. 


































 If I were fortunate enough to be given the reigns to direct my own Batman franchise, the first entire trilogy would be focused on The Joker.

 

Batman: Year One - Gotham is established as crime-ridden city. We get Bruce Wayne's origin story and the rise of two warring crime syndicates: The Zucco Family and The Falcone Family. When Bruce returns, he begins his crusade as Batman and aids Lieutenant Gordon and DA Harvey Dent in bringing down the mobs, the most prominent of which is The Falcone Crime Family, which has their dirty work done by the mysterious Red Hood.

 

Meanwhile, Bruce and Alfred attend a circus only to see two performers, The Flying Greysons, fall to their deaths with their acrobat teenage son left behind. Knowing what it's like to be orphaned, Bruce offers to take their 16-year-old son, Dick Greyson, as his ward. Batman vows to seek out the guilty party. It seems there's more to Haley's Circus than meets the eye, with ties to the Zucco mob and possibly more. Batman temporarily switches his focus to the Zucco Family, much to this dismay of Gordon, who wants the pressure to stay on The Falcones. Tony Zucco, the man responsible for the death of Greyson's parents, nearly gets the drop on Batman but is stopped by Dick, who shows up unexpectedly, having figured out Batman's identity after finding the secret entrance to the Bat Cave. Dick wants to kill Tony, but Batman stops him.

 

After some drama over getting involved, Batman leaves Dick with Alfred to discuss it later, now ready to go after the Falcones full-throttle. In the end, after a battle with Batman in a factory, Hood takes the plunge into the chemical vat. Batman thanks Gordon and the DA, leaving a gift on roof of the GCPD: The Bat Signal.

 

Batman: Year 2 - Lieutenant Gordon is now a Police Captain and facing an uphill battle surrounded by crooked cops and a Commissioner and mayor who are anti-Batman. Unfortunately, a new menace has risen in the form of the psychopathic Joker, who has gone to war with organized crime, with the remainder of The Zucco Crime Family having risen to go to war with the struggling Falcone Crime Family. The Joker has created pure chaos, creating problems for criminals, the justice system, and citizens alike. All of this is to get Batman's attention, with whom he seems to have some sort of vendetta.

 

Dick, meanwhile, is being put through intensive training as he continues to insist on involving himself in Batman's affairs. Batman is trying to physically and mentally break him to prove he's not cut out for it, but Dick is surpassing every expectation. In some respects, he's even a better student than Bruce was. Still, Batman warns about him getting involved.

 

Batman's hand is forced, however, when The Joker stages an assault on Wayne Manor as part of his war on the wealthy and powerful. Alfred is safe in the Bat Cave, but Dick is kidnapped, as The Joker is curious what Bruce Wayne would do for the boy's life. Alarms and camera footage alert Alfred, who communicates the kidnapping to Batman. Now it's personal.

 

Batman confronts The Joker, barely rescuing Dick before an explosion. When Batman orders Dick to stay put while he pursues Joker, but he doesn't listen. During an encounter, The Joker explains that Batman created him, causing Batman to feel guilt for all of The Joker's crimes. The whole ruse was a trap for Batman, getting Batman between the cross-hairs of the warring Zucco and Falcone families. While Batman deals with them, The Joker would be getting away, but he's stopped by Dick, who is crudely disguised with some scraps of green and red clothing he found in the alley. While Dick is able to handle Joker in the fight, Joker catches him off-guard with a crowbar and is violently beating him with it when Batman shows up and ends it. Batman carries Dick's beaten and bloodied body away and hands The Joker over to the authorities.

 

Joker is tried for his crimes with Dent handling prosecution, but The Joker manages to pull off an acid attack in court, splashing half of Dent's face. Joker is able to plead insanity as a plea-bargain to avoid a possible mistrial as Batman's citizen's arrest may be thrown out in court. The Joker is institutionalized at Arkham Asylum. In the end of the film, The Joker is introduced to his therapist: Dr. Harleen Quinzel.

 

Batman: Year 3 - Captain Gordon is now Commissioner Gordon and taken control of the police, and it's just in time as Two-Face has re-organized crime in Gotham and all but taken over. To make matters worse, an unknown and mysterious figure or organization mounted an attack on Blackgate Prison and Arkham Asylum, flooding Gotham's streets with criminals and maniacs, including The Joker. Dr. Harleen Quinzel believes she's the person best suited to bringing in The Joker and has a run-in with Batman that confirms what she already believed about him: he's the cause of the problems in Gotham and responsible for The Joker. When she finally finds The Joker, having returned to the now-condemned chemical factory, he lures her in and gives her a taste of what he experienced. She emerges Harley Quinn.

 

With so much chaos in the city with organized and disorganized crime, Batman finally relents and allows Dick to join him, but only as a sidekick, to hang back, to cover him, to help him out, etc. He is not to confront anyone directly. It turns out, they make an amazing team.

 

Two-Face is now struggling to control the criminal element as there's so much on the street, but he's amassing an army in the hopes of taking over Gotham completely. It's all-out war between Two-Face's empire and the Gotham police, and of course Batman, but Two-Face has a vendetta against The Joker, The Joker wants to kill Two-Face, Gordon, the police, Gotham in general, and Batman, and Batman now feels responsible for the whole lot of them.

 

The Joker retaliates against Two-Face for his repeated attempts to kill him, undermining Two-Face's plans, but in the final confrontation, neither Batman, Robin, nor Harley Quinn are able to stop Two-Face from apparently killing The Joker. Harley tries to kill Two-Face, Batman, and Robin, but is stopped in a combined effort. Batman tries to appeal to Dent, who finally turns himself in.

 

While being taken away, Dent reveals to Batman that he's been two sides of the same coin all along. He's always been the District Attorney, and it was really Dent who undermined Two-Face, not The Joker. He explains that his efforts to organize all the criminals and maniacs was so they could all collectively be put away in a set-up he devised. When he's asked to explain the Blackgate and Arkham breaks, he says that wasn't him, it was "Bane."

 

"Bane?" "He never gave me a name. He only said 'bane.' The bane of Batman, the bane of Gotham, the bane of everything. He told me this city wasn't mine, yours, or Gordon's. Gotham belongs to him." "Bane..." The last shot is Bane watching Batman through binoculars as Batman closes the doors on the ambulance Dent is in. Quietly he says, "Yes, Batman. Bane."

 

The fun part is, when you watch the movie again and look really hard, Bane can often be seen somewhere in the background, just watching.

 

Batman: Year 4 - In part 4, Batman   Robin are forced to constantly put out fires, sometimes literally. A cat-burglar is confronted and put on notice, Firefly is spreading dangerous arsons, Zsasz is a serial killer on the loose, the chemist Scarecrow has released a fear-toxic causing people to go mad, an eco-terrorist calling herself Poison Ivy is causing havoc, a man called "The Penguin" has taken over organized crime in the absence of Two-Face, a mad scientist calling himself "Freeze" has frozen half the city, and some idiot calling himself "The Riddler" is committing crimes and leaving clues. Batman   Robin are able to bring Firefly, Zsasz, Scarecrow, Poison Ivy, and Riddler to justice, but not without consequences. Batman has been badly burned, stabbed, psychologically scarred by fear toxin, worn down by Poison Ivy's toxins, and mentally exhausted by The Riddler. When he finally agrees to Alfred's demands that he come home and rest before dealing with Freeze or Penguin, he checks in with Robin, who is still doing recon on The Penguin and Freeze, and then he arrives home to the Batcave. Once he accesses the secret entrance to the mansion, he finds Alfred unconscious and is then attacked by Bane.

 

Bane takes a physically, mentally, and psychologically exhausted Batman and kicked the ever-living shit out of him right into the Bat Cave for an epic battle. He reveals that he (obviously) knows his secret identity and that he's been lying in wait since the beginning to take Gotham from Batman. In the final scene, he breaks Batman's back, drops him to the ground and says, "Broken and done. Gotham now belongs to Bane."

 

Batman: Year 5 - One year after the breaking of the bat, a now-20-year-old Dick Greyson has assumed the identity of Batman with one instruction from Bruce: do not confront Bane directly. The first part of the movie is the new Batman taking down the tragic villain Freeze.

 

Not only is Dick doing an amazingly good job of keeping the Batman myth alive, but a new presence has emerged in the form of what the media has dubbed "Batgirl." It appears Catwoman is at least sometimes on the side of righteousness as well, so Dick isn't entirely alone out there.

 

Bane doesn't control Gotham yet. The Penguin still controls half of Gotham, and they're warring constantly. Bane doesn't go after this new Batman right away because he seems to be focused on Penguin almost exclusively, so he believes he and Batgirl to be unconnected to the original Batman.

 

With a budding romance between Dick and Batgirl, who is Gordon's daughter, Catwoman lurks in the background, possibly jealous, and Bane hopes to use this. She's been caught stealing from him a number of times, and when he finally gets his hands on her, he lures her to his side. He wants her to work directly with the new Batman and Batgirl to take down The Penguin, which they absolutely do.

 

Catwoman turns on them, which sets them up for Bane. He says he'll take pleasure in breaking two more bats, which he may very well accomplish, but Catwoman double-crosses Bane, setting him up for his own downfall at the hands of Batman and Batgirl. Bane still manages to get the upper-hand thanks to his Venom, but that's when a Batwing flies overhead, a smoke bomb his the ground, and when the smoke clears, the real, original Batman is standing tall in a modified, armored, cybernetic- enhanced suit. Catwoman, meanwhile, gets away with much of Bane's fortune, so she played him for a fool.

 

Bane and Bruce battle it out as Dick and Barbara clear the area. Bane is enhanced by Venom, and Bruce is enhanced by his suit, so it's a pretty fair fight. In the end, Batman takes down Bane and reclaims his city. With Freeze, Penguin, and Bane out of the picture, Gotham is safe again.

 

Finally safe in her own home, Barbara enjoys some quality time with her dad. There's a knock at the door, she answers, BLAM! She's shot through the spine by The Joker.

 

Batman: Year 6 - The Joker is back. Two-Face didn't kill him after all. Yes, he was tossed into heavy machinery that apparently ground him up, but the remains turned out not to be his. The Joker takes Barbara Gordon and kidnaps Jim as well. Now it's up to Batman and Nightwing to save them both and finally stop Joker once and for all. This movie would basically be an adaptation of Alan Moore's "Killing Joke."

 

Nightwing spin-off movie follows Year 6.

 


































 Ah, that delightful meme is going around Facebook again: Dear god, why do you allow violence in our schools? "I'm not allowed in schools." ~ God.

1. An omnipotent being is not "allowed?" Doesn't sound too fucking powerful to me.

2. Just to clear something up, god is "allowed" in schools; god isn't allowed to be forced upon students. There's a difference between having a right to worship and having someone else's religion shoved down your throat.

3. So the argument here is that god is either too weak to be where he isn't wanted (by some), is too butthurt by the slight, or it isn't important enough for him to "break the rules" and intervene? So this meme basically shows that your god is impotent, petty, uncaring, sucks and is unworthy of worship.

Nicely done, Christians. Point well made. 




 Not terrible, but definitely not a fun night. I took entirely too much 2CE (a dab'll do ya) and the whole world just fell apart on me. The shit came on like a freight train. Before I could even react to an emergence of fractal patterns, suddenly, everything around me transformed into wild animations, and not simple shapes, either. For example, a tree in a neighboring apartment complex turned into a cluster of Chinese dragons desperately trying to untangle themselves. I actually said out loud, "How is that even possible? Where's the context?" My wife was too overwhelmed to answer.

I tried to relax and watch Fantasia, but that wasn't working out. I went out to smoke a cigarette, but the smoke trails were interacting with everything confusingly, and I mentally projected that everywhere. I ended up just going to bed, but it was dizzying because the closed-eye hallucination were a thousand time worse. I couldn't control my thoughts, and even rationalizing that I willfully took a drug and that's why this was happening became a difficult thought to hold onto. For the first time in my life, I mentally wished for a trip to end. I wanted off the ride.

I'm not at all mad, though. I'm 31 and started getting into psychedelics with LSD when I was 18. I've had plenty of fun with LSD and shrooms, and this was my third time with 2CE. I thought I was immune to the fabled "bad trip" and had far too positive an opinion of tripping to be subject to such a thing, but I learned a valuable lesson: I'm not invincible, there is such a thing as "too much," and moderation can be a beautiful thing.

Now I'm curious. What's the worst trip you've ever had, what drug was it, and was it because you took too much, or the conditions were all wrong? 














 Full disclosure: I'm putting the finishing touches on my final, which is a paper on Shakespeare's *Hamlet*. I've read it, I've watched two film adaptations, I've got additional sources, but are there any Shakespeare scholars or experts here (or just fans) who have special insights they'd like to share? 

I'm not looking for someone to write my paper for me. I'm looking for new ways of looking at things, different interpretations, historical contexts I may have overlooked, hidden meanings, etc. I'm sure my professor has read hundreds of papers on Shakespeare, and I'd like to give him something he's never read before. Thanks! 












































 Lame example: You can't have your cake and eat it too.

What else would you do with cake but eat it? 









 FDR and Johnson were two of the more socialist presidents our nation has ever had, both bringing about sweeping reform and program implementation, some of which is still in place today, from FDR's social security to Johnson's Medicare   Medicaid. Yet, knowing from history the fantastic improvements that were made via implementation of such programs and economic booms experienced under such leadership, why do you suppose socialism has long been a dirty word in this country? It seems many of the same people who would slam big government and demand reductions would never want to part with social security, Medicare and Medicaid.

Is it, perhaps, cultural? Is it historical? Are we a product of the uprising that brought about our Independence, as such that we are the freed rebels in constant fear or oppression and tyranny? Is it just the Spirit of '76 that lives on in us? Is it remnants of the Red Scare, The Cold War and McCarthyism? 




 The title character is villainous scum! Am I actually supposed to feel sorry for him when he dies? 




 At the beginning of the play, Richard breaks the fourth wall and invites the audience to live vicariously through him, but after the first few scenes, he just... stops. Why would Shakespeare abandon that device? More importantly, why do it at all? It seems like he had an idea and was doing something differently, and then forgot. It seems odd to start that way and not follow-through. 




 Since discovering r/shakespeare, I've really begun to appreciate Shakespeare more, especially in the discussions where an expert comes in and shines a light on something I never would have known or thought of.

That makes me wonder; what mind-blowing Shakespeare theories do you have? It could be any of his plays, Shakespeare himself, or differing ways of viewing certain characters, motives, lines, etc. Fan theories, different perspectives, historical knowledge... anything a Shakespeare fan might find eye-opening. 













































































































 I used to just slap ham and American cheese on bread with some mustard and call that a sandwich. I was wrong. 

My sandwich:

1. Warm a pan with butter in it so the butter melts while you're building the sandwich. 

2. Once the butter melts, add two strips of bacon.

3. Take two slices of stone-ground 100% whole wheat bread.

4. On one slice, add Southwest spicy mustard. 

5. On the other slice, add mayonnaise.

6. Add a slice of jalapeo jack cheese to each slice of bread. If you want a spicier experience, Cabbot makes a habanero jack cheese.

7. Choose a slice and add one slice of fresh tomato, off the vine, never having been refrigerated. 

8. Alternately layer deli sliced ham and turkey at a deli slice thickness of 1 until you have a stack proportionate to your appetite. 

9. Add deli pickles. Two or three should be fine.

10. Top it all off with one crunchy and crisp slice of iceberg lettuce.

11. Close the sandwich and press down on it hard to keep everything squished together tight. 

12. Remove the bacon when it's finished cooking. And set it aside on a paper towel. In the time it takes to build the sandwich, the bacon should be done.

13. Throw that bad boy sandwich into the pan with the bacon grease and butter and fry it up. After about a minute, skillfully use both hands and two spatulas to flip it over to cook the other side. While trying, try adding a bit of Goya Adobo. It doesn't take much.

14. Remove the sandwich and add the bacon.

15. Eat sandwich.

16. Orgasm. 

PS: I want to try your sandwiches. If you try mine, let me know what you think. I will gladly let you know if yours is better than mine ;-) 




 I was surprised to search r/Shakespeare and not find a single reference to the Tudor myth. Does anyone have any insight on the accusations that the histories (only English histories being labeled as such while Scottish and Roman histories fall into "tragedy") are Tudor propaganda, and that Shakespeare is, in fact, the history's greatest propagator of the Tutor myth? 





























 Preferably nothing biased, just a historical rundown of how a religion was corrupted into extremist/terrorist groups over time, important historical events, people, etc. who shaped Islamic fundamentalism into what it is today. 










































































 Cold War: 

Iceman (Marvel) 

vs

Sub-Zero (Mortal Kombat)

vs.

Frost (Mortal Kombat) 

vs.

Ice (DC) 

vs.

Icicle (DC) 

vs.

Mr. Freeze (DC)

vs.

Captain Cold (DC) 

vs.

Queen Elsa of Arendelle (Disney's Frozen) 

vs.

Killer Frost (DC) 

vs.

Jack Frost (Rise of the Guardians) 

vs.

Gill (Street Fighter) 

vs.

Frozone (Pixar's "The Incredibles") 

vs.

Blizzard (Marvel) 

vs.

Glacius (Killer Instinct)

 
























 The US declares tomorrow that all troops worldwide are to return home by the end of 2014. All US presence beyond our own borders is removed globally. A doctrine of isolationism is implemented so far as it concerns our military and foreign aid. We don't send troops, we don't drone strike, we don't bomb, we don't sanction, we don't diddly squat.

What would happen? 



















 The easy method is Batman's birthday, 1985 deduced from Batman #010, Year Zero Directors Cut. Bruce Wayne is Born. (Date inferred Willowood and Wayne Death correlations. Willowood fell into disrepute after Martha died when Bruce was 10, but it was likely not that long after, and the sickhole happened 18 years ago. This also correlates to Bruce taking off as soon as possible, 18, which is consistent with everything else.) 

Thomas   Martha are murdered when Bruce is 10 in 1995. Damian is born in 1999 (Batman   Robin #0) somehow even though Bruce Wayne would only be 14 and doesn't leave Gotham until 2000 (Batman #0). Bruce returns to Gotham in 2004 (Detective Comics #0). He's now 19. Damian would be 5 going by this insanity.

In 2005, Bruce is a vigilante trying to save Gotham City from The Red Hood and his gang (Batman #0).

2006: Tim Drake attends Graystone Academy (in Middle School) as their top academic student and is taking gymnastics. He hacked the school's network and caught the principal embezzling funds and turned him in. At the exact same time, Jason Todd robbed a convenience store with a friend(?) who shot a scared woman. Jason in moral outrage beat his friend(?) down and allowed himself to be arrested. The Bat-Signal is lit by Commissioner Gordon for the first time. Dick Grayson's parents fall to their death due to Tony Zucco tampering with the trapeze equipment. Dick is then sent to an orphanage, The Wayne Care Center. (Batman #0)

That ***same year*** Dick Grayson becomes Robin. (Nightwing #1).

That ***same year*** Barbara Gordon becomes Batgirl.

So Bruce Wayne has been active one year as a vigilante and already has a kid sidekick and inspired a female crime fighter.

2007: Barbara gives up being Batgirl after only one year to focus on college. (Batgirl #0)

2008: Alan Moore's *The Killing Joke* happens, officially NewFiftyTwoniverse Cannon. As a reminder, Batman is apparently 23 in this book. Damian is 9 and still unknown to his father.

2009: Jason Todd resurrected. When exactly he died or became Robin is hard to figure out, but it couldn't have been for very long. Damian Wayne defeats his mother in a birthday challenge and learns Bruce Wayne is his father. Batman is 24, Damian is 10, so yes, somehow Bruce fathered Damian when he was 14 with a woman he'd never met a good six or seven years before he became Batman. WTF?

2010: The events of Batman, Inc #0 take place.

2011: The "present" of the New52 launch in most titles which has advanced generally in real time since.

So Batman/Bruce Wayne is roughly 29 and has managed to have four Robins in a vigilante/costumed adventurer/superhero career of about nine years. By DC compressing decades of continuity to keep all these characters they've built and established, Batman has Dick Greyson as a costumed sidekick almost immediately, loses him when Dick starts the first Titans--vaguely referenced in Red Hood   The Outlaws--Batman almost instantly replaces Dick with Jason who must then die almost the next day, then he gets replaced by Tim who goes off and forms the current Teen Titans, and then Damian comes along, who Bruce apparently fathered at age 14 because that makes sense.

DC Comics has created a clusterfuck of plotholes in their new timeline.

***EDIT***

To offer what would make more sense if I was running this shit:

Martha   Thomas murdered when Bruce is 10.

Bruce returns to Gotham at age 18 after training all over the world. He does the masked vigilante bullshit for about a year, has little luck, is about to give it up when ***BAM!!!*** the bat thing happens and he's inspired. Becomes Batman, a complete badass but inexperienced. Suit is too armored because he's not too good at dodging bullets yet, and he relies too heavily on Alfred and technology to get by. 19-year-old Batman is nothing like the Batman we know and love, but DC sells his stories in the monthly back-in-the-day series called "Batman: Legends of the Dark Knight." These stories are interesting because we see a flawed Batman who doesn't always win his fights, fucks up, fails, and hasn't mentally killed off Bruce Wayne yet. He's still trying to balance Bruce and the bat because he hasn't realized he needs to sacrifice his life to become the hero Gotham needs.

Five years later, Batman is getting insanely good. He's dropped a lot of the tech and armor in favor of lightweight, stealth, ninja shit. He looks more like a ninja than a stealth, militaristic man-tank. Alfred is there when he needs him, but Bruce is much more capable on his own and far less reliant on tech and gear. He's also established now. Criminals fear him and Gordon is with him rather than against him, plus, Gordon has been promoted through the ranks and is now commissioner. The Bat Signal scares the shit out of people and is a hallmark of Gotham. Batman is only 24, but 5 years in, Batman is already the stuff of legend. However, Batman has steadily taken the place of Bruce Wayne. Alfred reminds Bruce of an obligation. He attends Haly's Circus and witnesses the death of 10-year-old Dick Grayson's parents. Relates hard. Epic feels. Takes in kid as ward. Feels bad man.

Over the next year, Dick puts the pieces together. Witnesses Alfred doing his medical shit for Bruce after a bad night. Last shreds of doubt are gone: shitty fake rich dad man is Batman. Dick sees Batman as the means to get revenge on Tony Zucco. Bruce takes him under his wing, trains him, and Robin: The Boy Wonder is born. Batman is 25, Robin is only 11. They are the Dynamic Duo, forming one of the greatest relationships in comics. DC sells the stores of this time period as Robin: The Boy Wonder. Great comic. Such sales. When Dick is 16, they have a falling out. Five years of Batman   Robin comes to an end at Dick goes off to found the original Teen Titans. Batman grows dark as shit without Robin to balance him out. Batman is now 30. 

Also noteworthy: the original Batgirl, Barbara Gordon, begins and ends in this time period. When Batgirl first appears, Batman is 26, Robin is 12, and Barbara is 17. Batman disapproves, Robin crushes hard. The three end up making a sensational team. When Batman figures out Batgirl is Barbara Gordon, he's crippled by guilt. Batgirl operates for four years, quitting at 21 only to be shot through the spine by The Joker in a home invasion because The Killing Joke is cannon forever. 30-year-old Batman is mentally broken by this incident, and it drives Dick away. He's losing his shit.

At age 22, Barbara Gordon becomes The Oracle, an essential part of Batman's operation and lending support to Dick's Teen Titans. Batman is now 31. Bruce and Dick speak to each other only through Barbara and are otherwise estranged. Dick is now Nightwing. At age 23, Oracle founds The Birds of Prey, passing on the Batgirl identity to either Cassandra Cain. She also works closely with her best friend and ally The Black Canary, Stephanie Brown AKA: The Spoiler, and Helena Bertinelli AKA: The Huntress. Batman is now 32 and a 15-year-old kid named Tim Drake has figured out his identity.

Tim Drake is obsessed with Batman   Robin. Batgirl, too. He's a boy genius, a black belt, the top student in his school, and has hacking skills second only to Barbara. He wants to be the new Robin, and nothing Bruce says or does as Bruce or Batman will change his mind. Barbara tricks Bruce and Dick into meeting. Bruce eventually reveals the Tim Drake problem, and Dick says he already knows. How? Barbara. Dick surprises Bruce by encouraging him to take the boy under his wing like he did for him because Batman needs a Robin, but it can't be Dick anymore. 

Batman has a Robin again. Batman is 33. Tim is 16, the same age Dick was when he left Bruce's side. DC explores these stories in the ongoing Batman   Robin comic as well as Gotham Knights, a book featuring the dream team of Batman, Robin, Nightwing, Batgirl, Oracle, and other Gotham vigilantes inspired by Batman like Huntress, The Spoiler, Catwoman, Batwoman, etc.

You'll notice Jason Todd didn't exist. No one other than Dick   Tim have ever been Robin, and if Damian Wayne is going to be introduced, it hasn't happened yet but could down the line, preferably around the same time Bruce is either about to die or retire so Dick can become Batman and Damian his Robin.

Realistically, Batman either dies in the line of duty before he ever makes it to 40 or retires to be replaced by Dick Grayson either way.

I'm sorry, but you don't just go through sidekicks like dirty laundry. It's ridiculous. 
























 I once had a can of Easy Cheese but no Ritz crackers so... 



















 I'm 33, I want to buy a house, my credit is terrible (599), and I have no savings. 

Can I still do this? Is there a zero down option? Where do I even begin?

 









 I'm 33 and I want to buy a house. I'm tired of wasting money on rent. That being said, I've found it impossible to save the kind of money to make a serious down payment. Can I borrow 100% of the cost and accept a higher monthly mortgage? 




 My wife and I just moved from San Antonio, Texas to Laconia, New Hampshire. We are currently unemployed, just about run out of money, and have no insurance. My daughter is complaining of pretty severe tooth pain, and there's an obvious cavity. What can we do?

***EDIT***: Thank you all so much for your help! Just to let everyone know--and I appreciate your concern--she has been seen by a dentist and is scheduled for dental work. You people are awesome! 




 I left NH for two years, came back, and suddenly Molly doesn't exist? 




 So I have an idea. My wife doing what she does for a living (outreach therapist) gets exposed to all these kids who get flat out rejected by their own families for being gay. Some get kicked out, others are simply made to feel like they're less-than-human, others want to kill themselves upon finding themselves unloved by their own families, etc.

That's all a whole lot of bullshit.

So I want to start an orphanage of sorts. Anyone from anywhere in the US finds themselves in one of these shitty situations, they can move into the Jackson Pride: A Sanctuary for LGBT Youth. Until they're 18, they'd have a safe place to stay where they are loved and supported by a staff made up of LGBT and LGBT-friendly people such as myself.

I'd need a shitload of money. It'd have to be grants and charitable donations because I can't see any way to make such a thing profitable. Does anyone have the first clue where to start on a thing like this? This might be my calling. 















































































 I've tried eBay and Amazon in the past and found that

A. I'm usually undercut by businesses selling books for pennies with no shopping and

B. After shipping costs I've made little-to-no-profit (books be heavy doe...)

Any online book-selling strategies /r/frugal thinks we should all know about? 




 Bought to-and-from tickets from Delta for myself, wife, and daughter. Total is $762. Turns out this trip is not happening. Called Delta and was informed tickets are non-refundable. At all. Zilch. Any ideas? I kinda want that money back... 














 Before anyone corrects me, I'm not claiming this is The Great Gatsby: A Phantom Menace. But...

Aside from names, it's basically what logically happens before The Great Gatsby. 

Jay Gatsby is Dexter. 

Comes from middle class family. Father owns the second-best grocery store in town.

Aspires to be part of the old money, upper crust elite.

Meets Judy/Daisy.

Loves her. Loses her because she's old money elite; he's not. 

Couple of affairs.

Loser in love. Goes to war as we know Gatsby did. Never forgets her.

He returns. Gets filthy rich. Success. Still loves Judy/Daisy. Finds out from a friend that she's married now and the guy is a dick. Name is Joe Simms but he sounds an awful lot like Tom Buchanan. He cheats on her just like Tom. She doesn't cheat. She stays home with the kids.

He's still alive at the end and very much contemplating the Judy/Daisy situation.  












































 I've been using XP ever since it came out and have zero interest in any other OS, but now my hand is being forced. Macs are too expensive and I dislike everything Microsoft has put out since. 

Specs:

System:

Microsoft Windows XP

Professional

Version 2002

Service Pack 3

Computer:

Intel

Pentium D CPU 2.80 GHz

2.79 GHz, 3.49 GB of RAM

I use my HD TV as a monitor (1920x1080). I mostly use the PC for internet use and watching the movies that fill by 2TB external hard drive. I will sincerely miss my Adobe Creative Suite and Acid (music program), but it's time to move on. 

The last two Linux distros I was running were Lime and Ubuntu before that. Both were pretty slick, but I cede to the experts.

Considering WattOS, Zorin OS, and LXLE as well. 







































 Here is the link: mms://wm.med.uvm.edu/Public/2014.03.21%20MATCH%20DAY.wmv

Everything I try to do results in it streaming to Windows Media Player instead of downloading the video to my hard drive. Usually I can right-click the link and choose download from the drop-menu, but it's not working. Any tricks for this?

If it matters, my specs:

System:

Microsoft Windows XP

Professional

Version 2002

Service Pack 3

Computer:

Intel(R)

Pentium(R) D CPU 2.80GHz

2.79 HGHz, 3.49GB of RAM

I tried using Firefox and Internet Explorer to download it. No luck. 









 I'd settle for Street Fighter VS Mortal Kombat. 




 I'm not a smart man. 
























 I know the maximum cold is literally no heat energy, absolute zero, but is there a highest possible temperature in the way that speed has the upper limit--as far as we know--of light? 






















































 Batman and all his allies defending Gotham City featuring Batman (Bruce Wayne), Robin (Damian Wayne), Red Robin (Timothy Drake), Nightwing (Dick Grayson), Spoiler (Stephanie Brown), Batgirl (Cassandra Caine), Oracle (Barbara Gordon), Huntress (Helena Bertinelli), The Red Hood (Jason Todd), Catwoman (Selina Kyle), Black Canary (Dinah Lance), Katana (Tatsu Yamashiro), Cheshire (Jade Nguyen), Batwoman (Katie Kane), Ragman (Rory Regan), and maybe even some variation of Azrael and/or Batwing.

Additional cast featuring Alfred, Lucius Fox, Commissioner Gordon, Rene Montoya, Detective Alvarez, Harvey Bullock, Harvey Dent, Maggie Sawyer, Leslie Thompkins, and Vicki Vale.

You don't have to get all detailed about each character's origins or how they ended up where they are, and it'd be largely based on Morrison's "Batman, Inc." run, which means it involves Talia's all-out assault on Gotham, a call to arms of all Batman's allies, Bruce Wayne is out as Batman's financial backer, Damian dies, and there's a fuckload of cameos. Three-hour epic.

I'm geeking out so hard right now. 














 I changed my Facebook default pic and cover to MLK and I have these people claiming he beat his wife and prostitutes. After doing some research, I was able to confirm he was provably an adulterer, but I could turn up a shred of evidence of spousal abuse or abusing hookers. 




 I've had to unsubscribe to both atheist and socialist groups because they were fraught with assholes. I am both an atheist and a socialist. 









 Pics available to anyone interested. 



















 [Choice of words](http://www.wimp.com/powerwords/) 









 I have a friend back in New England who has always wanted one. I haven't seen any in SA. 


































 [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Blind-Tiger-Comedy-Club/101801306647989)

[This week's show.](https://www.facebook.com/events/367888846681174/?ref=br_tf)

[Website](http://blindtigercomedy.com/)
 









 Ghosts? Angels? Demons? Guardian angels? Life-after-death? Conspiracy theories? Aliens? UFOs? Sasquatch? Nessie? MIB? NWO? Reptilians? 




 Keep an open-mind; logically, just because a theory hasn't yet been proved doesn't mean it isn't true. The only theories that can be discounted fully are the ones that have been thoroughly debunked. The others? They vary in degrees of plausible to implausible, no? Occam's razor is not an irrefutable principle of logic or a scientific result, but simply a matter of plausibility. 






















































 It seems like Texas is really several states. 

Houston (East)

San Antonio (Central/South)

Austin (Central/North)

Dallas (Northeast) 

El Paso (West)

Amarillo (Panhandle)

Corpus Christi (South)

Anybody else feel like there are several distinct Texases? 





























 What four faces would you put on the Mount Rushmore of comedy?

My picks? Pryor, Carlin, Cosby,   Dangerfield. 
























 [Link](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7s22HX18wDY feature=player_embedded) 




 (http://youtu.be/TXNwbFVd3Xc?t=4m44s)[http://youtu.be/TXNwbFVd3Xc?t=4m44s) 









 Before anybody tells me about Monster, jobs.com, etc., yes, I know. I'm exploring those, but /r/sanantonio has been awesomely helpful with everything I've ever needed.

I'm 32, I have an associates in graphic design, I have experience as a delivery driver, I don't mind desk or labor work, I'd prefer first shift, I'd consider part time or full, benefits aren't needed, I look professional (no visible tats or piercings of any kind), I'm reliable, have reliable transportation (2009 Scion XB), I'm in school for English education, and I've been a substitute teacher. 

Any leads would be appreciated. 





























 As insane as this sounds, I've done the research. It's plausible. The idea isn't original; it was first proposed by Carlyle Thompson, a professor of African American and American literature at Medgar Evers College of the City University of New York. There's actually quite a bit of evidence to support it, just as there is to support the queer reading of Nick.

Gatsby is described by Nick, "his tanned skin" and "short hair look as though it were trimmed every day" (Fitzgerald 50). The short hair and the appearance of daily trimmings could definitely refer to the grooming habits of African American men.

Gatsby's West Egg mansion is on "more than 40 acres of lawn and garden" (Fitzgerald 5), which is specifically interesting, because freed slaves were to be given 40 acres and a mule by decree of Sherman's Special Field Orders, No. 15. "More than" is stated, but instead of giving us that exact number--it could be 41 acres or 400--but we're given 40. It should be noted that 40 acres and a mule was oft promised, but a promise not always kept and inconsistently applied (Oubre 79). There's an obvious metaphor for a man who feels deserving of something he doesn't get, i.e., Daisy.

Gatsby would be unlikely to achieve the level of success he did in the roaring 20s if he were black, and some of the upper-crust white folk would be likely to notice or take issue with his race, so it's only a plausible theory if he were able to pass himself off as white. There is evidence for this, too. For one, the manner in which he makes his fortune is bootlegging during prohibition, and bootlegging is a sort of counterfeit product. That could be a metaphor as Gatsby is a counterfeit person. He pretends to be someone he's not, he seeks an imagined perfection of a flawed woman, he lies about his past, he's secretive about what he does and his intentions, and being a man of color could be just one more lie he's living. He's even changed his name from Gatz to Gatsby, something more Nordic-sounding.

Gatsby is quite proud of his heroism in Montenegro. Of all the places he could have earned a medal, it's one where the word "negro" is right in the name--negro/black, mont/mountain--and it's mentioned by name seven times immediately like Fitzgerald wanted it to stand out. Also, his valor at Montenegro was immediately proved true by the medal Gatsby carried around. In other words, Gatsby lies, but the "negro" part is the truth.

How do we know he lies? He just told us on the previous page, "I am the son of some wealthy people in the Middle West--all dead now" (Fitzgerald 65). We know for a fact later on that his father remains alive and is far-from-wealthy. Was his family dead, or was he dead to his family on account of his color? "I was brought up in American but educated at Oxford, becaue all my ancestors have been educated there for many years. It's a family tradition" (Fitzgerald 65). He's awfully concerned with establishing a European heritage.

But here's the passage that really blew my mind with this reading:

        ...a limousine passed us, driven by a white
        chauffeur, in which sat three modish Negroes, two bucks and a girl. I
        laughed aloud as the yolks of their eyeballs rolled toward us in
        haughty rivalry.

        "Anything can happen now that we've slid over this bridge," I thought;
        "anything at all. . . ."

        Even Gatsby could happen, without any particular wonder. (Fitzgerald 69)

First, let's note that this happens as they are crossing Blackwell's island. Again, a geographical location is used that denotes "black."

According to Merriam-Webster's online dictionary, "Modish" means "Conforming to or following what is currently popular and fashionable." In other words, these are African American men who turned the social paradigm on its head and are being driven by a white chauffeur. In spite of a possible slave heritage, they are able to afford the luxuries of the time, looking at Gatsby, his ride, and his present company with a sense of rivalry. If these black men are able to realize the American dream, surely a man of African descent who can pass for white can achieve this success. Yes, anything is possible, even Gatsby. Even a black Gatsby.

There are smaller clues, too. After Myrtle is struck by a car, the incoherent speech of a man is "M-a-v-r-o----," which is interesting, because "mavro" is Greek for "black."

One the same page, a "pale well-dressed negro" described the car, Gatsby's car, as "big" and "yellow." Now back to the Montenegro thing, which literally means "black mountain," which may describe Gatsby, big and yellow may also describe him as "high yellow" was a term to describe light-skinned blacks, the product of mixed race backgrounds due to the golden skin tone (Dalzell, 2009). He may be a "black mountain" of a man, but he's also "high" like a mountain, but, although technically black, also "yellow."

Is this a meaningless distinction? No. It's not trivial at all. Tom Buchanan is an awful human being, and we're treated to Tom's racist rant:

        Have you read 'The Rise of the Coloured Empires' by this man Goddard? . . . Well, it's a fine book, and everybody ought to read it. The idea is if we don't look out the white race will be--will be utterly submerged. It's all scientific stuff; it's been proved. . . Well, these books are all scientific . . . This fellow has worked out the whole thing. It's up to us who are the dominant race to watch out or these other races will have control of things . . . This idea is that we're Nordics. I am, and you are and you are and . . . and we've produced all the things that go to make civilization--oh, science and art and all that. (Fitzgerald 12-13)

How are we supposed to feel about this? Well, Daisy openly mocks him and Nick says he's pathetic. Tom believes that the Nordics are the master race and that it's imperative for him and people like him to keep the colored folk down. Wouldn't there then be great irony on his wife's competing love with a non-Nordic person? A black Gatsby?

It's at least a suspicion on Tom's part when he puts the pieces together and outs his fears:

        I suppose the latest thing is to sit back and let Mr. Nobody from Nowhere make love to your wife. Well, if that's the idea you can count me out. . . . Nowadays people begin by sneering at family life and family institutions and next they'll throw everything overboard and have intermarriage between black and white. (Fitzgerald 130)

        "We're all white here," murmured Jordan. (Fitzgerald 130)

Not only does Tom suggest that Gatsby is black, Jordan picks up on it and defends his whiteness! Why else would intermarriage between black and white even be brought up? He may have even suspected this for a long time before, pausing before he includes Daisy as a Nordic in the Goddard rant with a wink and a smile when he lays out the Goddard nonsense. Perhaps he sees her as sullied having had her history with Gatsby.

The trouble is, there's plenty of evidence to suggest that Fitzgerald was both a racist and antisemitic (Blogger.com 2010). That really changes the perspective. That underscores what Fitzgerald's true intentions were in the Goddard passage from the book, actually The Rising Tide of Color: Against White World-Supremacy, by eugenicist Lothrop Stoddard, published in 1920 (Turlish 1973). Fitzgerald was obviously familiar with it. It's even more interesting to note that both Fitzgerald and Stoddard had the same publisher, Scribner. As for the name change, Henry H. Goddard was a famous eugenicist (Thompson 2004). The plot thickens.

It forces one to consider that Gatsby is a cautionary figure, that negro men could be among us, passing themselves off as white, throwing lavish parties, living the lifestyle, wooing our women, acting as elaborate con artists, bootlegging, and involved in all manner of illicit affairs. Maybe that's the real reason he doesn't win in the end. Maybe that's why he's killed, as white men conspire against him. Maybe that's the real reason no one shows up to his funeral.

 
References

Dalzell, Tom. The Routledge Dictionary of Modern American Slang and Unconventional English. London: Routledge, 2009. Print.

Fitzgerald, F. Scott. The Great Gatsby. New York: Scribner, 2004. Print.
"modish." Merriam-Webster.com. Merriam-Webster, 2013. Web. 6 August 2013

Oubre, Claude F. Forty Acres and a Mule: The Freedman's Bureau and Black Land Ownership. Baton Rouge: Louisiana State UP, 2012. Print.

"The Racial Worldview of F. Scott Fitzgerald." Blogger.com. Google, 19 Mar. 2010. Web. 06 Aug. 2013. http://racehist.blogspot.com/2010/03/racial-worldview-of-f-scott-fitzgerald.html.

Thompson, Carlyle Van. The Tragic Black Buck: Racial Masquerading in the American Literary Imagination. New York: P. Lang, 2004. Print.

Turlish, Lewis A. "The Rising Tide of Color: A Note on the Historicism of The Great Gatsby." American Literature 43.3 (1973): 442-44. JSTOR. Duke University Press. Web. 06 Aug. 2013. http://www.jstor.org/stable/2924045.
Tyson, Lois. Critical Theory Today: A User-friendly Guide. New York, NY: Routledge, 2008. Print. 














 **UPDATE**: All set! Thank you everyone! 



















 1. Batman: Shadow of the Bat

2. GCPD: Gotham City Police Department

3. Azrael: Agent of the Bat

4. Batman: The Brave   The Bold

5. The Joker

6. Batman Family

7. Manbat

8. Batman   The Outsiders

9. The Batman Chronicles

10. Anarchy

11. Gotham Knights

12. Batman Confidential

13. Batman Team-Up

14. Gotham City Sirens

15. Streets of Gotham

16. Batman

17. Detective Comics

18. Batman: The Dark Knight

19. Batman   ~~Robin~~

20. Legends of the Dark Knight

21. L'il Gotham

22. Batwing

23. Batwoman

24. Batgirl

25. Nightwing

26. Teen Titans

27. Red Robin

28. Red Hood   The Outlaws

29. Harley Quinn

30. World's Finest: Huntress   Power Girl

31. The Batman of Earth 2

32. Earth 2

33. Justice League

34. Justice League of America

35. Catwoman

36. Justice League Dark

37. Batman Beyond Unlimited

38. Batman/Superman

39. Birds of Prey

40. Ame-Comi Girls

41. Penny One

42. Batman Inc.

43. Superman

44. Superman: Action Comics

45. Superman: Unchained 

46. Superman: Man of Steel

47. Superman: Man of Tomorrow

48. Superman Confidential

49. Superboy

50. Supergirl

51. Green Lantern Corps.

52. Wonder Woman

* If you didn't get the joke, this is (mostly) untrue. 
























 I had to write this out for a class, and I thought some Redditors might be able to benefit. Please feel free to add.

* Don't like the gym? Don't limit yourself to it. Run, bike, skateboard, Rollerblade, jog, dance, swim, climb, join a sports team/league, etc.
    

* Find a schedule that works for you and stick to it. Someone asks you to lunch at 12:30pm on Friday? Nope. That's your scheduled gym time. Take a rain-check.
    

* Sign up for classes. Exercise doesn't have to mean treadmills, ellipticals, or weights. Try new things, meet new people, and have fun. Try yoga. Try zumba. Try boot camp. Try core training. Try belly dancing and/or pole dancing if you must. Be adventurous.
    

* Have a run first thing in the morning when you wake up. It'll jolt you to life, give you more energy, almost guarantee you'll make time for a healthy breakfast, and once you're showered, you'll be good to go, probably in a better mood to boot. Go get life.
   

* Meet a friend at your scheduled gym at scheduled times or activities so you'd feel bad leaving them hanging. Tell that friend to give you a hard time if you skip a day or slack.
    
* Don't feel like going? Go. Tell yourself you'll phone it in today. Tell yourself you'll take it easy. Showing up is half the battle. Once you're there, you'll probably feel like you might as well get a good workout in if you're there anyway.
    
* Set realistic goals for yourself. Put them down on paper.


* Skip escalators and stairs, walk or ride your bike if it's not too far, park further away from the grocery store, and find other little ways to work in extra exercise into your daily life.


* Reward yourself for meeting goals/expectations, but not with cake and pies. 




 Do you prefer one above all others? Do some ethnicities do things or have characteristics that you find sexy or a turn-off? Were you consciously trying to have sex with a variety of races? How would you rate your experiences overall?

Curious because I'm a married white male who has only had sex with white women, not by choice, but because New Hampshire is a very white place. I assume I'll die never having known the difference, assuming there are any. 




 Booster Gold   Blue Beetle! Hollywood is missing out on a great opportunity to make a superhero/comic book movie that is completely unlike the rest, and actually use it to satire superhero/comic book movies. It could have plenty of action, but also a lot of comedy, and more bromance than JD   Turk in a season of Scrubs. 









 A friend posted in our local (San Antonio) Facebook forum asking advice for overcoming writer's block. People seemed to like my response, so I thought I'd share:

You're over-thinking it. Stop. A*** A**** has great advice, but if you're not in the reading mood, don't do that either. Don't do anything, writing especially. If you're a comedian, funny things will come to you. You have a gift for being able to see the comedy in situations people experience every day of their lives, but they either don't see it or make the normal choice not to make a big deal of it. That's YOUR job.

If nothing is coming to you, don't panic. This is a great time to pull out your old jokes. If they're in a notebook, transcribe them to a Word document or otherwise create a document you can organize. Re-read your jokes. Try to approach those jokes from different angles. Figure out a way to connect jokes where some continuity may exist for good transitions. If you need better transitions, write those.

Think of that time some dumb drunk bitch said some dumb drunk bitch thing during your set. Now think of what you wish you had said to her. Maybe it's about her being a dumb drunk bitch. Now you have heckler ammo in your pocket.

Write and re-write your old shit and before you know it, you'll be writing new shit because you just inspired yourself to write and be creative.

If you car won't start, you give it a jump. That's all you need. The car is fucking fine.

 




 My wife and I are happily married and new San Antonio residents as of last year. Our 5th anniversary is this weekend, and I'm hoping to take her out on a hot date. Money is not an issue. I just want it to be memorable. 

She's an artist, very into dance, music, or any kind of art, really. It doesn't have to be anything like that, either, just a fun night out on the town.

I haven't lived here long enough to know where to go/what to do. Any ideas would be greatly appreciated! 




 ***Tax exemptions for churches violate the separation of church and state*** enshrined in the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment of the US Constitution. By providing a financial benefit to religious institutions, government is supporting religion. Associate Justice of the US Supreme court, William O. Douglas, in his dissenting opinion in Walz v. Tax Commission of the City of New York, decided May 4, 1970, stated: "If believers are entitled to public financial support, so are nonbelievers. A believer and nonbeliever under the present law are treated differently because of the articles of their faith I conclude that this tax exemption is unconstitutional."

***A tax exemption is a privilege, not a right.*** Governments have traditionally granted this privilege to churches because of the positive contribution they are presumed to make to the community, but there is no such provision in the US Constitution.

***Churches receive special treatment from the IRS beyond what other nonprofits receive***, and such favoritism is unconstitutional. While secular charities are compelled to report their income and financial structure to the IRS using Form 990 (Return of Organization Exempt From Income Tax), churches are granted automatic exemption from federal income tax without having to file a tax return.

***A tax break for churches forces all American taxpayers to support religion***, even if they oppose some or all religious doctrines. As Mark Twain argued: "no church property is taxed and so the infidel and the atheist and the man without religion are taxed to make up the deficit in the public income thus caused."

***A tax exemption is a form of subsidy, and the Constitution bars government from subsidizing religion.*** William H. Rehnquist, then-Chief Justice of the US Supreme Court, declared on behalf of a unanimous court in Regan v. Taxation with Representation (1983): "Both tax exemptions and tax deductibility are a form of subsidy that is administered through the tax system. A tax exemption has much the same effect as a cash grant to the organization of the amount of tax it would have to pay on its income."

***The tax code makes no distinction between authentic religions and fraudulent startup "faiths,"*** which benefit at taxpayers' expense. In spring 2010, Oklahoma awarded tax exempt status to Satanist group The Church of the IV Majesties. In Mar. 2004, the IRS warned of an increase in schemes that "exploit legitimate laws to establish sham one-person, nonprofit religious corporations" charging $1,000 or more per person to attend "seminars." The Church of Scientology, which TIME Magazine described in May 1991 as a "thriving cult of greed and power" and "a hugely profitable global racket," was granted federal income tax exemption in Oct. 1993. The New York Times reported that this "saved the church tens of millions of dollars in taxes." 

***Churches serve a religious purpose that does not aid the government***, so their tax exemptions are not justified. Tax exemptions to secular nonprofits like hospitals and homeless shelters are justified because such organizations do work that would otherwise fall to government. Churches, while they may undertake charitable work, exist primarily for religious worship and instruction, which the US government is constitutionally prevented from performing.

***Exempting churches from taxation costs the government billions of dollars in lost revenue***, which it cannot afford, especially in tough economic times. According to former White House senior policy analyst Jeff Schweitzer, PhD, US churches own $300-$500 billion in untaxed property. New York's nonpartisan Independent Budget Office determined in July 2011 that New York City alone loses $627 million in property tax revenue. Lakewood Church, a "megachurch" in Houston, TX, earns $75 million in annual untaxed revenue, and the Church of Scientology's annual income exceeds $500 million.

***Despite the 1954 law banning political campaigning by tax-exempt groups, many churches are clearly political and therefore should not be receiving tax exemptions***. Every fall, the Alliance Defense Fund, a Christian legal group, organizes "Pulpit Freedom Sunday," encouraging pastors to defy IRS rules by endorsing candidates from the pulpit. More than 500 pastors participated in Oct. 2011, yet none lost their churches' exemption status. In Oct. 2010, Minnesota pastor Brad Brandon of Berean Bible Baptist Church endorsed several Republican candidates and dared the "liberal media" to file complaints with the IRS. Brandon later announced on his radio program: "I'm going to explain to you what happened Nothing happened."

***American taxpayers are supporting the extravagant lifestyles of wealthy pastors***, whose lavish "megachurches" accumulate millions of tax-free dollars every year. US Senator Chuck Grassley, MA (R-IA) launched an investigation into these groups in Nov. 2007 after receiving complaints of church revenue being used to buy pastors private jets, Rolls Royce cars, multimillion-dollar homes, trips to Hawaii and Fiji, and in one case, a $23,000, marble-topped chest of drawers installed in the 150,000 square foot headquarters of Joyce Meyer Ministries in Fenton, Missouri.

***The tax break given to churches restricts their freedom of speech because it deters pastors from speaking out for or against political candidates***. As argued by Rev. Carl Gregg, pastor of Maryland's Broadview Church, "when Christians speak, we shouldn't have to worry about whether we are biting the hand that feeds us because we shouldn't be fed from Caesar/Uncle Sam in the first place." 

***The "parsonage exemption" on ministers' homes makes already-wealthy pastors even richer at taxpayers' expense.*** The average annual salary for senior pastors with congregations of 2,000 or more is $147,000, with some earning up to $400,000. In addition to the federal exemption on housing expenses enjoyed by these ministers, they often pay zero dollars in state property tax. Church leaders Creflo and Taffi Dollar of World Changers Church International had three tax-free parsonages: a million-dollar mansion in Atlanta, GA, a two-million-dollar mansion in Fayetteville, GA, and a $2.5 million Manhattan apartment. Kenneth and Gloria Copeland, leaders of Kenneth Copeland Ministries in Fort Worth, TX, live in a church-owned, tax-free $6.2 million lakefront parsonage.

[Source](http://churchesandtaxes.procon.org/) 
























 Going out again? Put on new socks. Go through five pairs a day if you have to.

I knew a guy who had awful foot odor. His shoes always stank, and so did his feet. Then I realized, he'd put on socks after he showered in the morning, put on shoes, go about his day, come home, take off the shoes, and leave his socks on. If he went back out, same nasty-ass socks with all that same sweat and bacteria now going back in the same nasty-ass shoes. 

Then I realized A LOT OF PEOPLE DO THIS!!!

Fresh socks every time, people, and when you're not wearing shoes, remove socks. Bleach the white ones. 




 Has anyone used a pet-shipping service they could recommend/trust? 



























































 **THE BEST**

Batgirl started off weak in my opinion but grew on my quickly.

Batman started strong and stayed strong. It's one of the best books DC publishes.

Batman and _________ (formerly "Batman   Robin") instantly had me hooked, but it's gotten weird since Damian died. Batman has been increasingly more and more out-of-character, but I'm holding out hope it leads somewhere.

Batman Incorporated... you love Grant Morrison or you hate him. I'm glad I toughed it out. It's a slow burn, but it's so worth it.

Earth 2 is one title I wanted to hate from the day they announced it. Turns out I love it and highyl anticipate each issue.

Legends of the Dark Knight is one title I was so happy they brought back in its original non-canonical fuck-all form. Yeah, as a collection of stories, it's inconsistent in art and writing, but when it's on, it's on.

**THE MIDDLE**

Batman Beyond Unlimited has actually been mostly good, but I've stopping collecting simply out of disinterest.

Batwing is one I've wanted to quit repeatedly, and I hated the look of the character from the beginning, but there was always something keeping me. Just as I was about to drop the title, they brought in the new Batwing, who looks fucking amazing, and now I'm curious again. Nicely played, DC.

Batwoman isn't going to be for everyone, and I kept getting confused and frustrated, but it rewards patience, and I still believe it's got the best art/panel layouts in the business.

Talon was actually pretty good, and I gave it a few issues, but I couldn't bring myself to give a shit about the character. He seemed like just another Batman knock-off, and there's plenty. Besides, I was amazed by how shitty he looked. They had so many cool variations of the Talons and that's the design they went with?

**THE WORST**

Ame-Comi Girls intrigued me, but I'm jumping off after the Jade issue. It's pretty stupid.

Batman: Li'l Gotham isn't terrible, and it's really cute, but it's not really my thing.

Batman: The Dark Knight started off awful and continues to be awful as of issue 19. I'm been wanting to jump off since the first shitty issue, but I keep hoping it'll get better. It doesn't.

Birds of Prey started shitty and then seemed to challenge itself to get progressively shittier with every issue. They succeeded. None of their teased plot twists were enough to keep me on board.

Catwoman I almost quit repeatedly, but I got re-invested with the JLA storyline. Kitty is on a short leash.

Detective Comics: I have to stop buying this shitty comic just because of its title. It should be the flagship title of DC (Detective Comics), but it's garbage. It's been confusing, muddled, shitty shit since the first issue.

Justice League, like Detective Comics, should be one of DC's star attractions. Instead, it's a monthly clusterfuck. They couldn't even commit to the core roster, like everyone expected, which includes Cyborg, a character so fucking interesting he doesn't even have his own monthly. Thanks for overcharging for the several pages of Justice League and then Shazam's never-ending origin story stapled to the back. Is he ever actually joining the team and/or getting his own title, or is this basically Justice League/Shazam forever?

Justice League of America, the C-list of the Justice League (assuming International was the B-list) has managed to do jack shit in 3 issues, even requiring other titles for back-story and exposition. Another issue or two and I'll decide if it's worth continuing.

Nightwing is a character I love and I still had to drop this title. It started off shitty, got shittier, improved, and then went right back to shitty. I guess I'll never know what happens in Chicago.

Red Hood   The Outlaws is a title I fully expected to love. I... can't... get... into it. I seem to enjoy Jason more when he appears in other books. He'd probably be better solo.

Suicide Squad is a title I started off enjoying and the cliffhangers kept me buying, but a comic can only insult my intelligence so many times before I give it the boot. Sorry slutty Harley Quinn. I liked you better in the jester costume.

Teen Titans is a title I wanted to love since I grew up a fan of the older Titans teams and enjoyed the anime-style cartoon, but what a shit-pile. I kept hoping it'd get better as it got worse and worse. I quit.

**HAVEN'T READ**

Batman: Arkham Unhinged

Injustice: Gods Among Us

_________________________________

What's yours? 




 So far, the best I've found have been the Heritage Duck Pond Park, Raymond Rimkus (technically Leon Valley), Brackenridge, Phil Hardberger, and OP Schnabel. Any more I should check out with my 3-year-old daughter? 




 Answering my own question:

**Marvel/DC Team-Up:**

Avengers/Justice League

Batman/Moon Knight

Nightwing/Daredevil


**Marvel VS DC:** 

Hulk VS Doomsday

Deadpool VS Deathstroke

Superman VS Loki 



















 I haven't been here 8 months and I've been too busy to sight-see. We're doing the obvious stuff: tower dinner, Alamo, River Walk, etc., but what are some need-to-see places and must-eat restaurants? I want them to have a good time, and I'd like to at least pretend I'm less of a tourist than they are.

INB4: I know how to use Google. I just figure legit San Antonio natives will know a little better than tourist websites.

Also, I'm aware there's a FAQ. It's extremely incomplete and honestly not that helpful. 




 New in town and I'd like to take my 3-year-old daughter. 







































 I first remember hearing it in the first Transformers movie. I think it was when some scorpion robot came out of the dessert and sent out an EMP or something. 

Any idea where it was used first? 




 I didn't know it applied to male birds in general; I thought it was specific to roosters. 




 Watch all [four of these horrible minutes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zQ8KpzLPL8) and then ask yourself how much of a masochist you are. 

The only good thing about the Ghost Rider movies was how [incredibly cool/badass Ghost Rider looked.](http://i.imgur.com/i7pzzMc.jpg) 




 [I respectfully disagree](http://i.imgur.com/J7cUEhc.jpg).

Look at that.

*Look* at that.

Some characters they got right the first time. It's a motorcycle badass decked out in chains, leather, metal spikes, and a flaming skull for a head.

You just can't top that. 




 I'm also finding Reddit's attitudes on such things hilarious.

The Pirate Bay is great, KimDotCom is great, copyright law is bullshit, I'll download/torrent/whatever I want, everything should be free.

What? Someone stole my YouTube content and didn't give me credit? This is bullshit! 




 There should be an /r/im14andthisisfunny  




 Try /s next time. 




 cock1

kk/

noun

noun: cock; plural noun: cocks

1. a male bird, especially a rooster.

synonyms:	rooster, cockerel, capon

"strutting around like a barnyard cock" 




 Possibly. I just didn't want to force anything into the original theory that I couldn't explain using evidence from the books or movies. 




  audiences want some levity in their superheroes

The ones who religiously watch Marvel movies do. Nolan's trilogy was hugely popular and did ridiculous box office numbers, and although opinions vary, Man of Steel did very well for itself too.

It's okay if Marvel and DC have different approaches; they both have their audience.

I would also expect that some of their movies, like The Flash, will be a little lighter in tone. 




 Oh, wow. You saw all 25 of these movies that haven't been made yet and determined not one of them is good? Amazing. 




 You might be right about Suicide Squad; it has been bringing out a lot of mixed opinions. From what I've seen online, a lot of people have already made up their minds to hate it. 

That's neither here nor there, though. WB isn't counting on Suicide Squad to break box office records; that's what Batman/Superman is for, and *that's* the movie that opens the flood gates for Justice League, Cyborg, The Flash, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, etc.

Suicide Squad can flop all day. It won't be the first or last WB movie to do so. 




 It could be causally mentioned or never brought up at all.

Any thinking audience member will assume they're either step-related or one is adopted.  




  what if Christmas in Whoville is in celebration of Horton saving them? Horton could be their equivalent of a christ figure in our world.

I was actually thinking of going there because there's not even a slight reference to Jesus or anything Christian in the Grinch book or the movies, but the timing wouldn't make sense.

Horton Hears a Who! takes place from May 15th-16th and Christmas in Whoville is definitely in the winter. Assuming their holiday would be on the anniversary of their contact with the outside world, it should be May 16th, late spring. 




 You're confused by adoption and think black people are "edgy."

I don't even know where to begin... 




  50+ years of history

They aren't making a movie with 50 years of history, nor are they relying on the average movie-goer to know 50 years of history. They're making a movie based on a thing. That is all. 




 Guardians of the Galaxy 2: Logically the Same Soundtrack 




 I get the joke, but DC Comics officially changed the character's name to SHAZAM! from Captain Marvel to avoid confusion.

It is kind of wonderful those are coming out back-to-back. I love coincidences like this. 




 In The Grinch Who Stole Christmas, the eponymous character is motivated to end Christmas because he cannot bear the noise made by the Whos in Whoville. Their traditions involve making an incredible amount of noise.

In Horton Hear a Who, we learn that the Whos are tiny people-like creatures living on a dust speck which Horton takes upon himself to protect. When he almost fails and the Whos are threatened with having their whole world boiled in Beezlenut oil, Horton encourages them all to make noise so that they sour kangaroo can hear them and confirm their existence.

Whos associate collective loud noise making with their triumph and survival in their darkest hour.

**EDIT**: This theory is based on the two books referenced and not the four movies (two each) based on the books. 




 You're absolutely right; I've known racists of every race and for a variety of reasons/motivations. 

It's not like white people have some copyright on hate. 




 [It's okay to not like things; just don't be a dick about it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0la5DBtOVNI)

And you weren't being a dick about it. 




 Everyone has genres they don't like; no need for excuses. Personally, I can't get into fantasy. If it has elves, goblins, dragons, wizards, etc., you've lost my interest. 




 No one is shitting on your opinions, nor is anyone offended by your taste in books. I'm merely pointing out that run-on sentences by Bradbury are hardly unique in literature and that there are worse offenders. I'd caution you against writing off literature on any such basis. You'd be losing a lot.  




 I'm reasonably sure you've answered the question. Unless anyone intelligently disputes this in the next 12 hours or so, I'll make it as "explained" and move along. Thank you. 




  If you prefer restriction, you are conservative. If you prefer freedom, you are liberal.

So you're saying liberals don't want "restriction" and conservatives don't want "freedom?"

That doesn't sound right. And what do you mean by "restriction?"

___wing refers to your preferred level of government involvement. Right is a lot, left is none.

I'm pretty sure it's the opposite. Right-wingers are the ones always advocating for less government while lefties seem to generally believe in more government programs, or at least better-funded ones. 




 Appreciate it, but you're not actually explaining the difference; you're just saying that there is one. 




 Can you provide examples? I've literally heard Bernie Sanders alone referred to as a Democrat, liberal, left-winger, *and* socialist. Does he just happen to be all four, or could someone be one and not the others or even three but not the fourth? 




 Yeah, I love Billy Tucci in general and this artwork in general, but I'm not getting anything "steampunk" here. 









 It's a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away.

Chances are, they don't conveniently have humans speaking American dialect English.

What we're seeing is a movie based on something that happened a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away. An English translation featuring a human cast with puppets and CGI.
 




 It's a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away.

Chances are, they don't conveniently have humans speaking American dialect English.

What we're seeing is a movie based on something that happened a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away. An English translation featuring a human cast with puppets and CGI.

 




 One of the best damned documentaries out there.

Shame the sport isn't a bigger thing. I'd follow the crap out of that. 




 It's not a pun; it's a joke by reversing the meaning of the phrase. 




 Kind of. More like his concerns over nuclear armament led to him thinking the world might not even be around by 2000, so enjoy living while we're here. It didn't suppose that the world would end *in* 2000.

If Reddit isn't for pedantry, what is it for? 




 I think most people would either say "No one *has* eaten yet" or "no one *has been* eaten yet," not "no one *is* eaten." 




 Not every iteration of Batman was going for the level of realism that the Nolan trilogy was, nor did every iteration of Batman have zero knee cartilage and a broken back. In fact, the only other iteration of Batman who had his back broken is the DC Comics version. He's still active because he's also died and come back. Comics don't even try to make sense. 




 Coincidentally the [same top comment.](http://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/30ldrv/bleeding_through/)

You're not alone. 




 K 




 K. 




 This is the time you're taking due to my pointing out that your comment was similar to someone else's title of this post and I'm the one in need of a life.

K. 




  1) Do you know what the word verbatim means? I get that you said "almost verbatim" but that'd be like if a word or two was different...not nearly every single word. 

Your comment: "Hahha, the poor dummy is holding the bow wr-oh. Well. Shit."

Post title: "Thats not how you hold your b...oh!"

****ALMOST*** verbatim, as in ***NOT*** verbatim, but similar. It's called "hyperbole." You'll find it's fairly common on the internet. You're not being attacked, so lower the defenses. You're not a bad guy, a stupid guy, or whatever else you managed to infer offense from.

2) People have similar thoughts....inconceivable!

Yeah... which is exactly what I pointed out. Brilliant.

3) Also...man, this post is five days old. Your backlog of reddit comment detective work must be growing by the day. 

I can't even figure out what you're trying to say. Yes, this post is five days old. It's the one your comment reminded me of. What "backlog of Reddit comment detective work" of mine is "growing by the day?" What does that even mean?

If this is the worst thing to happen to you today, congratulations on an amazing life. 




 I don't know what that is, but I'll assume you're right considering [this is what Spawn looks like.](http://i.imgur.com/jerB5ag.jpg) Notice the complete lack of similarities to this fish. 




 [The relevant comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2xk9pn/incredible_archery_shot/cp1infa) 




 That was almost verbatim the title of this post five days ago.



title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[Um, kid, that's not how you hold a bow.](http://www.reddit.com/r/nonononoyes/comments/36vs2i/um_kid_thats_not_how_you_hold_a_bow/) | 3552 | 5^dys | nonononoyes | 271
[HMB while I shoot this arrow](http://www.reddit.com/r/holdmybeer/comments/36vezt/hmb_while_i_shoot_this_arrow/) | 2308 | 5^dys | holdmybeer | 149
[Thats not how you hold your b...oh!](http://www.reddit.com/r/SlyGifs/comments/36vdw5/thats_not_how_you_hold_your_boh/) | 374 | 5^dys | SlyGifs | 22
[Hawkeye training as a kid.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/36ujjo/hawkeye_training_as_a_kid/) | 418 | 5^dys | gifs | 43

 




 This is proof literally anything will get upvoted on /r/atheism. 

It's like /r/funny or /r/AdviceAnimals for the godless.

Has nothing to do with atheism? Check.

Has "gem" in the title? Check. 




 I prefer [*this*](https://gifsound.com/?gifv=gDf8zdX v=Teaft0Kg-Ok s=11) audio. 




 Probably, but stages of development are so incredibly varied that they can be terribly difficult to pin down; "milestones" are horribly misleading. It's entirely possible for a child to be remarkably behind his or her peers in kindergarten and then go on to be top of his or her class just a few years later. There are so many factors and variables, I don't put much stalk in milestones. 




 I enjoyed your rant. 




 *Was*. I believe he's retired from the business. 




  Batman abandoning Gotham

You do remember earlier in the movie the doctor telling him he had no cartilage left in his knees and he had his back broken, right? He passed the torch. 

You can't do what Batman does for long.  




 I agree, one has to assume some pretty extreme narcissism, but that's typical among a lot of artists. Hell, this is the "selfie" generation that posts every minutiae of their lives on social media. If anything, this bloke is reflective of the times.  




 Because Melissa McCarthy needs breakfast too. 




 I remember someone writing a similar comment on a previous time this has been posted and proving that there was some tampering, but considering how many times this has been posted and re-posted, I'll never be able to find it.



title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[Your peripheral vision morphs people's faces \[GIF\]](http://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/371x78/your_peripheral_vision_morphs_peoples_faces_gif/) | 2725 | 3^dys | interestingasfuck | 147
[Your peripheral vision morphs people's faces \(XPOST /r/creepy\)](http://www.reddit.com/r/illusionporn/comments/372d5i/your_peripheral_vision_morphs_peoples_faces_xpost/) | 469 | 2^dys | illusionporn | 47
[GIF demonstrating how whacked your peripheral vision really is.](http://www.reddit.com/r/creepy/comments/3719no/gif_demonstrating_how_whacked_your_peripheral/) | 3315 | 3^dys | creepy | 829
[Optical Illusion - What a trip](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/272pna/optical_illusion_what_a_trip/) | 22 | 11^mos | gifs | 5
[This is just giving me anxiety](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1zaiul/this_is_just_giving_me_anxiety/) | 15 | 1^yr | gifs | 12
[Brains are messed up](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/1xk81q/brains_are_messed_up/) | 2253 | 1^yr | WTF | 468
[Mind Fuck, WOW!!](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/1smoxd/mind_fuck_wow/) | 759 | 1^yr | WTF | 195
[The gif that messes with your mind....Keep your eyes on the cross](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1r56r4/the_gif_that_messes_with_your_mindkeep_your_eyes/) | 29 | 1^yr | gifs | 5
[The gif that messes with your mind...keep your eyes on the cross](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1r1nx8/the_gif_that_messes_with_your_mindkeep_your_eyes/) | 36 | 1^yr | gifs | 8
[Peripheral vision is whacked](http://www.reddit.com/r/gif/comments/1mo6np/peripheral_vision_is_whacked/) | 42 | 1^yr | gif | 5
[What kind of sorcery is this???](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1ml7v9/what_kind_of_sorcery_is_this/) | 1389 | 1^yr | funny | 175
[This is a land of confusion.](http://www.reddit.com/r/GifSound/comments/1mko0j/this_is_a_land_of_confusion/) | 100 | 1^yr | GifSound | 11
[Peripheral vision is crazy.](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1mjtee/peripheral_vision_is_crazy/) | 29 | 1^yr | pics | 7
[peripheral Vision.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1lw0pu/peripheral_vision/) | 454 | 1^yr | gifs | 43
[This is brilliant and weird for the eyes](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1l5rf4/this_is_brilliant_and_weird_for_the_eyes/) | 63 | 1^yr | gifs | 11
[Interesting optical illusion - your peripheral vision messes with your head.](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1kyz4q/interesting_optical_illusion_your_peripheral/) | 17 | 1^yr | pics | 10
[Crazy optical illusion](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1icmsi/crazy_optical_illusion/) | 32 | 1^yr | gifs | 7
[Face merging](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1ab3zw/face_merging/) | 49 | 2^yrs | gifs | 16
[Peripheral vision is mildly interesting](http://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/174lp6/peripheral_vision_is_mildly_interesting/) | 38 | 2^yrs | mildlyinteresting | 13
[I thought this was slightly psychedelic and an example of how your brain can warp your vision when it's missing information. X-post from WTF.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Psychonaut/comments/1715uh/i_thought_this_was_slightly_psychedelic_and_an/) | 335 | 2^yrs | Psychonaut | 34
[Peripheral Vision.......WTF?!](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/170on4/peripheral_visionwtf/) | 2008 | 2^yrs | WTF | 1374
[Peripheral vision is whacked, by PeanutBuddha](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/170kcs/peripheral_vision_is_whacked_by_peanutbuddha/) | 132 | 2^yrs | pics | 20
[awesome facial distortion](http://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/15srx2/awesome_facial_distortion/) | 30 | 2^yrs | mildlyinteresting | 7
[My newest favorite optical illusion - Flashed Face Distortion](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/12qj06/my_newest_favorite_optical_illusion_flashed_face/) | 1699 | 2^yrs | gifs | 109
[Can someone make this with random ordinary people, so we can see if it's celeb related?](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1gre6y/can_someone_make_this_with_random_ordinary_people/) | 25 | 1^yr | gifs | 19
[Celebrity mashup](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2mp7fy/celebrity_mashup/) | 16 | 6^mos | gifs | 4
[Keep your eyes on the cross](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2jrjw2/keep_your_eyes_on_the_cross/) | 72 | 7^mos | gifs | 24
[Strange Effect](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1v5mp8/strange_effect/) | 76 | 1^yr | funny | 15
[Amazing illusion](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/304ful/amazing_illusion/) | 2782 | 2^mos | funny | 250
[Face swaps.](http://www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/comments/274dj3/face_swaps/) | 16 | 11^mos | woahdude | 6
[Faces optical illusion](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/24kyip/faces_optical_illusion/) | 90 | 1^yr | gifs | 21
[Please explain this! So creepy!](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1y0qcj/please_explain_this_so_creepy/) | 12 | 1^yr | gifs | 7
[The faces just get scarier and scarier.](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/1bbtq6/the_faces_just_get_scarier_and_scarier/) | 57 | 2^yrs | WTF | 15
[Keep Your eyes on the cross   You'll see cartoon versions of famous people](http://www.reddit.com/r/gif/comments/1x4ql1/keep_your_eyes_on_the_cross_youll_see_cartoon/) | 463 | 1^yr | gif | 29

 




 You might like [this Whoopi Goldberg introduction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_oEOdIBOpU) to a Tom   Jerry cartoon collection. 

She basically makes the same point as they chose to leave the racist shit in. 




 [Ah...](https://youtu.be/GVHPEJoMGsY?t=20s) 




 I'm not understanding your logic.

If climate change is real, largely man-made, and reversible, the opposition funding climate change denial is profit motivated because whatever they're selling--fossil fuels, etc.--is the leading cause of the problem.

The other side--solar panel producers, the makers of windmills, etc.--have a profit motive, which is to sell things that reduce carbon emissions and thereby reduce pollution.

I get *their* motivations, but what sensible person prefers we continue to burn fossil fuels, produce carbon emissions, and continue to pollute at reckless levels? What's the downside to reducing pollution? 




 I agree. I wasn't saying it shouldn't be included; I just feel it's necessary to point out that it's a satire of dystopian novels, not a true dystopian novel in and of itself, i.e., it's not meant to be taken seriously as 1984, Fahrenheit, etc. are. 




 I don't know about most parents, but I personally find Pinky Pie to be the most annoying character on the show. 




  It can vary a bit

You just summed up all of psychology. 




 XFL had badass team names though. I still got a Hitmen jersey somewhere and a Hitmen game ball. 




 [I'll keep that in mind.](http://ww2.kqed.org/pop/wp-content/uploads/sites/12/2015/05/tumblr_nj4fgeWetz1qk08n1o1_500.gif) 




 [Absolutely.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmWZ27FDJb0) 




 Closest thing was during the credits.

"Did you learn anything from the anal probing?"

"Yeah. We learned that they didn't like it. I did, though." 




 How? 




 I just ctrl+f'ed to make sure someone did. 




 Truth be told, this is the first gif I've ever made, so it's safe to say I have no idea what I'm doing. I googled it and makeagif.com came up. 




 Makeagif.com gives you five seconds. It was either cut out the bump or cut out the basketball off the dome. I made my choice and I stand by it. 




 There are elements of all three throughout the world to be sure. Huxley got it right in that indoctrination and making the slaves happy to be slaves is the superior way to achieve domination. 

Orwell got it right in that surveillance, control of media, information, history, and ideas through propaganda works.

Bradbury was the one who determined that we'd embrace the oppressor. We'd gleefully surrender our rights and that entertainment would be such a welcome distraction that we'd completely miss the important stuff. 




 I like all those books, but it should be noted that Harrison Bergeron is a satirical sendup of the dystopian novel rather than one purely in and of itself. 




 If you find stock pictures of people and add the text over the pictures in sequence so it reads like a comic strip I can almost guarantee a huge hit. 




 You'd hate Faulkner.

Or Proust.

Or Dickens.

Christ, I could go on all day. These are great authors, not sixth graders turning in an essay on their summer vacations. 




 Besides maybe Animal Farm, The Scarlet Letter, and Huckleberry Finn, I can scarcely imagine an easier book on which to write an essay. 




 To each their own, but I prefer a book with sparse details. I have an imagination; let me use it. I don't need the description of the wallpaper, curtains, or what clutter occupies the coffee table unless any of it is at all relevant to the plot. 




 That's a far better thing than ending not soon enough and leaving you wanting less. 




 You're certainly entitled to your feelings/reactions, but I can't even begin to guess at the sheer wealth of art that you are denying yourself if a man smacking his wife prevents you from even finishing a thing. 




 There is no "be all/end all" of dystopian fiction, but, by all means, contribute other, better works. It adds much more to the conversation than a snarky comment and blanket dismissal of the opinions of roughly 4,823,408 people. 




 Out of Bradbury, Orwell, and Huxley, I'd say Bradbury's vision of the future in Fahrenheit 451 hits much closer to the mark than the others. 




 To add to this, check out this experiment by [The Naked Scientists](http://www.thenakedscientists.com/HTML/experiments/exp/does-a-mint-make-your-mouth-cold). 




 I'm not sure what you're asking.

He's not a member of the team Suicide Squad/Task Force X, but he does have a least a cameo appearance in the film.

From what I've read, he's likely only part of a flashback sequence, but I don't have any 100% confirmation on that. 




 To be fair, [William Golding didn't like Lord of the Flies either.](http://www.theguardian.com/books/2009/sep/05/william-golding-john-carey-review)

But I did. 




 I'll take your word for it; no one should have to sit through that twice.

It doesn't surprise me if they totally disregarded Marvel's proven science on the matter. It's not like they respected canon when it came to Deadpool in that movie.

At least the Deadpool movie looks legit. 




 No, that's [Human Tornado.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_Tornado)

Oh, you mean the guy he dunked on? Yeah. That's him.

 




 DC Cinematic Universe.

All these characters exist in the same, shared universe.

These movies (Man of Steel, Batman V Superman, Suicide Squad) all happen in the same shared universe. 




 "Batman's Batmobile Chasing The Joker On Suicide Squad Set"

Hmm... better click it.

What the fuck? It's Batman's Batmobile chasing The Joker on the Suicide Squad set! Where were the spoiler tags? How could I have possibly known?  



















 The news has been covering the dire situation of dwindling bee populations for a while now. Can I be a beekeeper? Is there anything at all I can do to help the bees? 




 I was recently asked to do a Wally West   Bart Allen one, so here that is for anyone curious:

Sure, and The Flash extended family goes even beyond that, but Wally   Bart should be easy enough.

Wally West goes way back to 1959. There was a very powerful trend in DC Comics to give their marque superheroes a child sidekick, and The Flash was no exception, so [Wally West was introduced as "Kid Flash."](http://i.imgur.com/OowRBRA.jpg) 

Barry was dating Iris West at the time and Wally was her nephew. As if the costume isn't unoriginal enough, he got his powers because the exact same accident that gave Barry his powers happened to Wally.

Barry sacrificed himself in the Crisis on Infinite Earths in 1986. Wally gave up the Kid Flash moniker and replaced The Flash, but this was also a way for the editorial staff to nerf the character a bit, as he had become OP as fuck over the years. He could no longer go faster-than-light, but rather the speed of sound and sometimes a bit beyond, much like our CW Barry. 

Wally eventually came across Reverse-Flash (Eobard Thawne) and had to up his game, so OPAF Flash returned because he had to match Eobard's speed. Sometime during the 90s, the concept of "Speed Force" was introduced by Mark Waid, which became the go-to explanation of expanded powers and general fuckery that couldn't otherwise be made sense of. With the variety set of new powers, Speed Force as a way of explaining anything, and the ability to go faster-than-light, it has been argued by some, quite logically, that The Flash is actually more powerful and more OP than Superman.

As of the Flashpoint/New 52 event, Barry Allen is the only Flash to have ever existed in mainstream continuity, but they have shown Wally West in the future. He's now biracial and [sports a new costume.](http://i.imgur.com/WlY1dv4.jpg)

Bart Allen, in pre-Flashpoint 52 continuity, would be the fourth to become The Flash after Jay Garrick, Barry Allen, and Wally West. [He debuted as Impulse in 1994](http://i.imgur.com/DRUfBsS.jpg) and later became Kid Flash. He's a descendant of Barry Allen and Iris West, but is also a Thawne. Just like Wally West was a sidekick "Kid Flash" to Barry Allen, Bart Allen was a sidekick to Wally West.

Bart Allen even got to be the fourth Flash in his own series ever-so-briefly but was [killed off](http://i.imgur.com/M2OT1Io.png) in 2006 only to be brought back as [Kid Flash in 2009](http://i.imgur.com/mtYf3pJ.jpg) thanks to an event called Final Crisis. 

After the continuity reshuffle of Flashpoint and the New 52, he was a time-displaced [Kid Flash](http://i.imgur.com/VwWk678.jpg) with the Teen Titans with some serious amnesia problems.


 

 




 [Jay Garrick was the original Flash.](http://i.imgur.com/M2VD5ug.jpg) He was [cancelled in 1951](http://i.imgur.com/jyzFIvH.jpg) as superhero comics were waning. 

[Barry Allen was a reboot in 1956](http://i.imgur.com/xOzQpVu.jpg), an attempt to revive a classic character. [Jay Garrick existed to Barry Allen as a comic book character.](http://i.imgur.com/9er8eTm.jpg) Eventually, DC thought it would be cool to have the two meet, so to explain this, they were both [The Flash of two different worlds.](http://i.imgur.com/E3JsTF0.jpg) 

Flash forward to 1976, Jay Garrick and other old-timey comic book characters were brought back in the parallel world's answer to the Justice League: [The Justice Society.](http://i.imgur.com/LIYkZWa.jpg)

In 1985, DC Comics had one of the biggest events in comic book history called ***CRISIS*** on Infinite Earths. You'll recall The Flash [disappearing in a ***CRISIS***](http://i.imgur.com/Nii95UB.jpg) in Eobard's newspaper from the future. This event merged all the parallel worlds of DC Comics into one, so Jay Garrick was retconned as having [always existed in the same world as Barry Allen and was in fact his predecessor, the original Flash.](http://i.imgur.com/uQ8Bkbz.jpg)

After an event called Flashpoint where [The Flash goes back in time to save his mother from getting murdered by The Reverse Flash](http://i.imgur.com/kBFQbl8.jpg)  (sound familiar?), DC Comics had itself another reboot establishing the New 52, which, among other things, [merged some of their imprints like Vertigo, WildStorm, Milestone, etc., into mainstream continuity](http://i.imgur.com/2x35VNA.jpg) and just generally messed around with continuity with mixed results. 

Many of DC's "legacy characters" are now featured in "Earth 2," again establishing multiple worlds. [Jay Garrick is The Flash of Earth 2](http://i.imgur.com/4rmSaSu.jpg), just like he was way back in the 60s.

If anyone has anything to add/clarify/correct, please weigh-in. I know I left a lot out, but my goal was an abridged breakdown of the essentials for the uninformed, not a comprehensive guide. 




 The strange thing with all this time travel is the paradoxes it necessarily creates. Eddie killed himself, so Eobard was never born, but he only disappears from existence at the time when Eddie killed himself. If he was never born, he never would have existed at all, meaning he never could have gone back in time to kill Barry's mom, blow up the particle accelerator, etc., and no one would have any memory of him because he'd have never existed.

But what's really fucky for me is that Eobard was from a different timeline than Eddie, so Eddie's sacrifice should have only affected *his* future. As soon as Eobard went back in time and killed Barry's mother, he created a new timeline--one that he was stuck in. I would assume the Eddie of *his* timeline, the one he traveled back in time from, is alive and well.

Remember, they have 100% established that going back in time creates a new timeline. Eobard confirmed that when he commented on Cisco's ability to remember what happened to him in another timeline. 

So... what if Eddie didn't kill Eobard; he just wanted them to believe he had. We know the wormhole came back, but we don't know what triggered it. Perhaps Eobard never needed the time machine; after all, he didn't have one when he traveled back to kill Barry. 




 I sometimes read comments or entire threads dedicated to the fact that Batman not only has Tony Stark style money and resources but has literally been shown to have cybernetic armor suits on par or superior to any Iron Man suit, so why in the hell does he go without? That's usually met with a variety of answers trying to explain something that really doesn't make much sense, but what about magic?

It is an established fact that the DC Universe--possibly all of them--has magic. Unlike the armor, you can't say "it's not his style" because his style has consistently been to master the crap out of everything, know everything, be the best there is at everything. 

Not only would magic be hugely useful in a number of practical ways, but it would also help him with threats like Superman who are vulnerable to magic (we're talking about a guy who keeps Kyptonite in his utility belt). If the JLA encountered a magical threat, they'd have an ace up their sleeve because Bruce studied the dark arts. 

Anybody got an answer for this? 














 My favorite is probably John Steinbeck's "Of Mice   Men."

**EDIT**: You wonderful people have turned this into one of the best collections of single-sitting reading possible, although I'm not sure I can read this entire thread in a single sitting anymore... 



















 There seems to be a sort of conflation of ideas in that they either reflect your personality/skills and come about accordingly, as evidenced by The Cutie Mark Crusaders trying to "earn" theirs. 

They also seem to suggest that they tell you your destiny, as evidenced by that song/episode "What My Cutie Mark is Telling Me" where the Mane Six had theirs swapped.

What I don't get is names. Rainbow Dash, for example, had the words Rainbow and Dash in her name presumably since birth and she grows up to be the one who can pull off a sonic rainboom or whatever? The name "Dash" connotes speed. You could easily write off the rainbow part if the parents didn't name her until she was born and they noticed the color scheme, but unless they were prescient, they couldn't have known her destiny. 

The same is true of Fluttershy. Her name rhymes with her cutie mark--a butterfly--and she's shy. These are details her parents couldn't have possibly known about her when she was born.

I considered that maybe parents don't name their kids until these facts are established, but not only do the Cutie Mark Crusaders have names, but the infant children of the baker parents have names. 

So what's the deal? Are the parents blessed with some sort of precognition when it comes to naming their offspring? How do foals coincidentally end up with names that represent them every bit as well as their eventual cutie marks do? 

















































 My main question concerns Germany and Japan. Did Japan actually treat their POWs the worst? 

[From Wikipedia:](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_war_crimes#Crimes)

According to the findings of the Tokyo Tribunal, the death rate among POWs from Asian countries, held by Japan was 27.1%.[40] The death rate of Chinese POWs was much higher becauseunder a directive ratified on August 5, 1937 by Emperor Hirohitothe constraints of international law on treatment of those prisoners was removed.[41] Only 56 Chinese POWs were released after the surrender of Japan.[42] After March 20, 1943, the Japanese Navy was under orders to execute all prisoners taken at sea.[43] Around 1,536 U.S. civilians were killed or otherwise died of abuse and mistreatment in Japanese internment camps in the Far East; by comparison, 883 U.S. civilians died in German internment camps in Europe.[44] 



















 I'm a little confused after reading [Douglas Haigs final dispatch](http://www.firstworldwar.com/source/haiglastdespatch.htm) and [David Lloyd Georges comments on the battle of the Somme.](http://www.gwpda.org/1916/llgsomme.html)

I'm just having trouble marrying [Erich von Falkenhayns justification of the Verdun Offensive](http://www.firstworldwar.com/source/verdun_falkenhayn.htm) and [Erich Ludendorffs assessment of Verdun.](http://www.firstworldwar.com/source/verdun_ludendorff.htm)

Is an accurate, fair, unbiased assessment even possible at this point? Am I in need of a better source?

***EDIT***: Wow! Thanks for the amazing responses, especially the encyclopedic entry by /u/DuxBelisarius! This is why this sub has quickly become one of my favorites! This is incredible! 









 Vertigo still counts, right? 














 Choices include: 

	A turning-point battle or campaign

	The part played by generalship or command ability in a given conflict or battle

	The success or failure of a given state or society as it modernized, or attempted to modernize, its way of war

	The impact of a particular technological innovation on strategic thinking or the combat experience

	The role of war in changing socio-economic/racial/gender norms, or the role of socio-economic/racial/gender changes in shaping the composition or character of a given army

	The increased impact of war on civilian populations

	Questions of military ethics and/or war crimes

Then something specific from there. I'm most interested in either a.(The role of war in changing socio-economic/racial/gender norms, or the role of socio-economic/racial/gender changes in shaping the composition or character of a given army) or b.(Questions of military ethics and/or war crimes) but having difficultly narrowing it down to something specific. Any assistance at all would be greatly appreciated. 




 If the tip is to lace through that little loop thingie on the tongue itself, that is currently the case and this thing still wants to go to the side, which makes the sneaker uncomfortable. Any suggestions? 




 I know hindsight is 20/20 and we have the benefit of looking back, but it seems like a clash of at least two of the great powers stacked with new industrial revolution weaponry, mobility, and lethality was inevitable, much less plausible, and yet, it seems it went largely unexpected by the experts. Why? 




 I know hindsight is 20/20 and we have the benefit of looking back, but it seems like a clash of at least two of the great powers stacked with new industrial revolution weaponry, mobility, and lethality was inevitable, much less plausible, and yet, it seems it went largely unexpected by the experts. Why? 



















 My thesis is that building a successful military depends primarily on three factors: motivations of patriotism/nationalism/jingoism, political motivation/will, and of course, the professional expertise to execute plans.

This is as far as democratic/free societies go; of course a dictatorship will simply build military might as they see fit.
 









 I am in New Hampshire. I have a screen capture of the ad where the claim "needs nothing" is made. I contacted the seller and asked him to take the car back for a full refund and he refused. Do I have any legal recourse? Can I sue for false advertising, or is the "needs nothing" claim to vague?

[Screen cap.](http://i.imgur.com/tNgWvSD.jpg)

**EDIT**: So the consensus seems to be that 

1. I'm an idiot.

2. I'm screwed.

3. Get a second opinion on the estimate.

I guess I'll get the second opinion, and I guess I can't sue this guy, but now I gotta figure out what to do with this car if I don't want to pay the three grand to fix it (I don't).

Thanks for your help! 














 For all the bitching and moaning about Barbara, no one has more cringe-y scenes than this woman. 




 We currently live in New England and our daughter will be turning six in July. We've heard a lot of bad things about Texas public schools. We're looking to move to San Antonio. Are the schools really that bad? Do they really teach alternative history and creationism? Anyone have any insight? 





































































 [imgur link](http://i.imgur.com/uJWtl0t.jpg) 










































































 ...who is actually happy [spoiler](/s "Ra's al Ghul pwnd Ollie. I said to my wife after last week's post-show teaser that I would be disappointed if Ollie actually bested Ra's al Ghul, one of the greatest warriors in DC Comics. One does not simply defeat Ra's al Ghul.")

[spoiler](/s "Of course, I was rooting for Ollie, but come on...")

[spoiler](/s "Arrow got this right. But, uh... Ollie isn't dead... right? I mean... they're not *that* crazy, are they?")  














 inb4: Half-Life 3. 
























 I mean... Hitler may have saved a kitten once... 









 To answer my own question: 

1. Deathstroke VS Deadpool from DC and Deadpool VS Deathstroke from Marvel. 

Slade wins in the DC version while Wade takes the victory in Marvel's. The Marvel book reunites Joe Kelly   Ed McGuinness while DC's reunites Marv Wolfman   George Perez.  





























 [For those who don't know.](https://www.drumstick.com/flavors/drumstick-classic-vanilla.aspx) 







































 Maybe it's something personal, maybe it was good but too disturbing for multiple viewings, maybe it was to satisfy a curiosity, whatever.

For me, there's Ichi The Killer and Oldboy. Glad I saw them, but once was enough.

**EDIT**: Add Audition to the list, and for whatever reason, I used to watch those Guinea Pig movies in my young 20s. Also, Dog Tooth. 









 I say "last year or two" because I've seen all the classics and even most of the modern classics. If it features a well-known masked killer or is part of a franchise that requires two hands to count sequels, I've definitely seen it. 

The last horror movie I saw that I absolutely loved was The Cabin in the Woods.  



























































 But if you do, it's cool. I mean, it's annoying, but it's not like we'll cut your head off or anything. 









 Perfect! 




 Interesting. I think it reminds me too much of old school Titans. I kind of liked the bulky look, but maybe they're trying to create some visual distinction so he doesn't resemble something like Marvel's War Machine. 




 When did Cyborg shrink? [He was huge](http://i.newsarama.com/images/i/000/102/537/original/cyborg_03.jpg) before. 




 It's both. 




 LOL! SO FUNNY! EVEN THOUGH THOSE JOKES HAVE APPEARED 52 MILLION TIMES ON THIS SUBREDDIT I LAUGH EVERY TIME! 




 And a [4chan green text](http://i.imgur.com/H39tuWI.png) long before that. 




 This is a classic Reddit trope I see all the time. I swear this website has to be made up of some of the most socially retarded people on the planet. /r/tifu is full of this shit. One slightly socially awkward blunder and it's like the Armageddon. 




 It's also kind of a less funny version of [this classic 4chan green text.](http://i.imgur.com/H39tuWI.png) 




 If you think you're going to change the mind of a conpiratard with facts, I have bad news for you. 




 For me it's the fact. This is literally just a quote from a book that anyone would know if they read the book, and, last I checked, it's pretty much on every school reading list. 

You might as well post TIL we inhale oxygen and exhale carbon dioxide. 

Subscribing doesn't do much for me if 90% I'm just rolling my eyes and muttering "no shit" to myself. 




 The point is, as soon as the animated white-out eyes start moving/expressing motion, they will appear animated, fake, cartoony, and silly. For Deadpool, that will work wonders and fit the character perfectly. For Batman, a more grounded and realistic character in more grounded and realistic movies, it work against the look, feel, and tone of both the character and the movies. 




  Who's to say it has to be goofy and cartoony?

Because that is exactly what is going to happen when you try to apply a cartoon/animated feature to a live action person.

[Picture this](http://media.giphy.com/media/14iEFCXZcJmfXq/giphy.gif) on a real actor. 









 You'd either have white-out eyes that don't move and don't express emotion, which no filmmaker or actor would want, or you'd have animated white out eyes which would be goofy and cartoony. Either way, not appropriate for any remotely serious Batman movie.

Again, Deadpool and Batman are very different animals. 




 It's not an issue of money. Of course Nolan and others have had the budget to white out the eyes; they don't want to for reasons posted throughout this thread, but mostly because the filmmakers want you to see the actor's real eyes. 

Also, because Batman is a more grounded, realistic comic book character compared to Deadpool, they took a more grounded, realistic approach to the look. The white, animated, expressive eyes in the Deadpool movie will look cartoony, and for Deadpool, that's perfect. For Batman, it would be laughable. 

Now I can't stop thinking of Batman: The Animated Series and the [infamous squint.](http://media.giphy.com/media/14iEFCXZcJmfXq/giphy.gif)  




  because they are among the best comic book movies of all-time

As long as we're not including Rises in that phrase, I agree completely. 




 I like both for different reasons. 




 That *was* true, which is why the current comics Batman does (and has for a while now) rocked an all black (actually shades of gray) costume. Inks and paper have improved vastly since. People tend to forget that comics character's [black hair was blue](http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11111/111114711/3191617-9264010257-bruce.jpg) as well. Is anyone demanding "comics accurate" blue haired Bruce Wayne and Clark Kent?

The Spider-Man villain [Venom was depicted as blue](http://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/156-VenomSBHImage_1135.jpg) even though he was blatantly referred to as being all black in the comics.  




 That's an in-universe explanation that only appeared in Miller's non-canonical Dark Knight Returns. The truth is that it was that way specifically for trademark reasons. Once they were able to get around that, they restored the oval-less chest emblem. 




 Whole different animal. His white eyes in the comics and in the movies are animated and expressive, part of his cartoon qualities. 




 Too true. Aquaman can swim at 10,000 feet per second. 10,000 feet per second is more than 3 kilometers per second, or 6,800 miles per hour. 

For comparison, Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps can sustain a speed of 4.7 miles per hour. 




 Coupled with invincible plot armor makes him every bit as powerful as Superman.

Popularity is a hell of a power. 




 The Ultimate Nullifier is almost a literal deus ex machina. 




 But *they* didn't give him claws. He was born a mutant with claws. This goes back quite a ways. Even when Magneto ripped the adamantium out of him he had bone claws. 




 That's a really good point. At the time of Justice League's beginning, the concept of creating a superhero team didn't even exist. 




 It's cool you like Superman, but are you going to kick Strawman's ass all day? You're literally arguing with no one. I never said a good writer couldn't write a team of Kyptonians on earth. I never said a good Justice League story couldn't be written with or without Superman, so you're arguing with an imaginary friend.

As for downvotes, I rarely use the button. I'm not the only man on Reddit. 




 The dynamic of their powers works because there's variety; the writing makes the story work.

Do I really have to spell this out? I'm talking about one aspect specifically. Superman's presence on a team is like having God with a team of lesser gods who each get maybe one or two of God's powers. It's redundant. That's the only point I was making. 




 Yes, because I'm pointing out the redundancy of Superman's powers with those of his teammates I must be completely failing to grasp every Justice League story that has ever been written. You nailed it. 




 So I've bounced around working here or there, and I don't know how it is people amass these portfolios. Any work I did for various printers and ad agencies was considered theirs. I didn't get a copy. Should I have? Now I'm looking for work and suddenly everyone asking for a portfolio. I don't have one besides the one I needed to graduate with ten years ago, which doesn't really reflect my talents now. Should I just invent stuff? I feel like I missed a vital lecture/class that everyone else in the industry attended. I feel quite stupid and lost. Any advice? 




  the whole idea of Speedforce is that it's in every univers

In every *DC Universe*, which is already novel considering there are some pretty significant differences between the various universes within the DC universe alone. You don't need to explain that anymore than you'd have to explain there not being a Phoenix Force, Captain Universe, or Power Cosmic in the DC Universe. What's true in one isn't necessarily true in another. 




  Clearly DC and Marvel are in some kind of agreement in that scenario

Yes, and they agree, per DC Comics copyright and interests, that "Speed Force" is a unique property of DC Comics and does not/can not exist in the Marvel Universe, just as the Infinity Gauntlet proved useless to Darkseid in the DC Universe. 




 DC Comics doesn't get to decide what does and doesn't exist in other companies' multiverses. 




 I'm actually sick to death of Batgod. A man who is fallible and isn't the be-all/end-all answer to every conceivable question is a lot more interesting.

I don't even have a problem with "world's greatest detective" and best martial artist in the DCU, but does he have to perfect in every way? It's always either that he knows everything and is the world's leading expert, but in the rare case he isn't, he will be by the time you come back with coffee. 




 That's kind of my problem with Superman and the Justice League. The X-Men work because they're a team with a variety of powers. Yes, some are more powerful than others, but there aren't really much in the way of redundancies. 

Super strength? Superman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern (with hard light construct assistance), Aquaman, Martian Manhunter, Cyborg, and the Flash (infinite mass punch anyone?). 

Flight? Superman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, Martian Manhunter. 

Neigh-invulnerable? Superman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern (with hard light construct shielding), Aquaman, Martian Manhunter (more likely density shifts through it, but he's still physically tough), etc.

Super Speed? Superman and The Flash, although Martian Manhunter, Cyborg, Green Lantern, and Wonder Woman are able to get to wherever they need to go quickly, including across vast expanses of space.

Justice League *with* Superman just seems kind of redundant. Superman is a one-man superhero team. 




 Yeah, but not in seven or eight months. I'd say there's a good chance of a lot of people seeing this for the first time.

I also just learned of /r/Heavymind.



title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[Growing up \[x-post from /r/gifs\]](http://www.reddit.com/r/Heavymind/comments/2il0o8/growing_up_xpost_from_rgifs/) | 1210 | 8^mos | Heavymind | 35
[Growing up from 11 to 21 as a male, all in one gif](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2ijhlb/growing_up_from_11_to_21_as_a_male_all_in_one_gif/) | 2519 | 8^mos | gifs | 456
[The evolution of man](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2jy6zf/the_evolution_of_man/) | 31 | 7^mos | gifs | 13
[To be young](http://www.reddit.com/r/GifSound/comments/2ikb6g/to_be_young/) | 311 | 8^mos | GifSound | 15

*[Source: karmadecay](http://karmadecay.com/r/gif/comments/38zo11/puberty/)* 




 Okay, but his accepted origin story now across multiple media is that he always had claws, and even before that, the Weapon X program lacing his bones with adamantium isn't the same as saying he has claws due to his healing factor. That doesn't make sense. 




 "Bad Hair Day" from a couple seasons back, season 4 episode 16. He played "Tater."

Tater: I was wondering who was the lucky man who married the beautiful Claire Pritchett.

Phil Dunphy: Luck had nothing to do with it. She saw, she liked, I got her pregnant, had to marry her.  




 I know! I was hoping there'd be some, "Have I met you before? You look so familiar" kind of dialog. 




 I only subscribe to /r/shittyreactiongifs for the titles. It's a given that the gifs are all going to be reposts/x-posts.
 




 It's just giving examples, not a comprehensive list of everyone with the related power. 




 Warren Worthington III has been called both "Angel" and "Archangel," but the name "Angel" has also been used by [Angel Salvadore](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angel_Salvadore). She was also featured in X-Men: First Class.  




   He has claws due to his healing factor

wut? 




 Existential threat? Ultimate Nullifier! 




 21 days ago in this very sub no less.

title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[guy falls for 9 seconds](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/38vcz3/guy_falls_for_9_seconds/) | 1031 | 20^hrs | funny | 68
[Why I be hatin sno](http://www.reddit.com/r/blackpeoplegifs/comments/3691zz/why_i_be_hatin_sno/) | 16 | 21^dys | blackpeoplegifs | 3
[How I dance when I'm home alone and no one is watching](http://www.reddit.com/r/reactiongifs/comments/368sjy/how_i_dance_when_im_home_alone_and_no_one_is/) | 31 | 21^dys | reactiongifs | 3
[Guy falling for 9 seconds while trying to shovel snow](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2wfyir/guy_falling_for_9_seconds_while_trying_to_shovel/) | 1622 | 3^mos | gifs | 647
[MRW the demon residing in my shovel tries to take over my body, but in one last bout of defiance I break free from its grip by tossing the cursed object aside.](http://www.reddit.com/r/shittyreactiongifs/comments/38rvao/mrw_the_demon_residing_in_my_shovel_tries_to_take/) | 266 | 1^dy | shittyreactiongifs | 6
[When my jam comes on](http://www.reddit.com/r/GifSound/comments/2whybg/when_my_jam_comes_on/) | 144 | 3^mos | GifSound | 8
[New dance is all the craz!](http://www.reddit.com/r/GifSound/comments/2whscg/new_dance_is_all_the_craz/) | 18 | 3^mos | GifSound | 1
[me irl](http://www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/366xik/me_irl/) ^**B** | 279 | 22^dys | me_irl | 18 




 "Born to Run (for political office)." 




 Yup. Here's some top comments:

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1v08it/til_that_a_wall_of_trees_is_being_built_across/

/u/ConradSchu 68 points 1 year ago 

US did the same thing back in the 1930s to stop the dust bowls: "After the howling winds passed and the dust settled, federal foresters planted 100 million trees across the Great Plains, forming a giant windbreak  known as a shelterbelt  that stretched from Texas to Canada."

source: http://www.npr.org/2013/09/10/220725737/dust-bowl-worries-swirl-up-as-shelterbelt-buckles

edit wiki page about the shelterbelt itself: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Plains_Shelterbelt

____________________________

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2azgv4/til_that_12_african_nations_have_come_together/

/u/jbrav88 1767 points 10 months ago 

Here's a picture

____________________________

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1hbrga/til_that_12_african_nations_have_come_together/

/u/aywa 1662 points 1 year ago* 

Actually this project was started first in Algeria in the 70's. It's called the green dam.You can see it in this picture http://imgur.com/E140PYS

They used to take the kids from school from all over the country to plant trees there once a year. Drafted soldiers participated too. The forests exist to this day, I remember finding mushrooms under the trees. You can even spot animals like rabbits there.

EDIT: and it does work and the best economical way to do it is to have the community participate in planting the trees.

____________________________________

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/30lma4/til_that_panafrican_nations_have_come_together/

/u/Entes 177 points 2 months ago 

This gets posted on TIL all of the time.

But nobody talks about the fact that it hasn't happened or probably never will happen.

They just like to reap that sweet repost karma instead of posting things they actually learned.

__________________________________

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/32sz7r/til_that_the_sahara_desert_is_vastly_expanding_12/

/u/HacksontheEpic 1 160 points 1 month ago 

Somehow I think corruption would get in the way of that

___________________________

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/163m89/til_a_wall_of_trees_are_being_planted_across/

[deleted] 1 point 2 years ago 

"that's cute, show me another" - Earth.
 




 This is the ninth time this TIL has been posted. Here are the top comments:

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/25v6j9/til_john_cena_holds_the_record_for_wishes_granted/

/u/SkaterJesus 245 points 1 year ago 

TIL this post has been made 400 times

_____________________________

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/vfntd/til_john_cena_has_granted_over_250_makeawish/

/u/UmbraeAccipiter 875 points 2 years ago 

A friend of mine while serving in Iraq as MP got to escort him and a few others for more than one USO show.... She stated he is not only extremely nice in person; he recognized her and remembered her name on the 2nd.

_________________________________

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1asbkg/til_wrestler_john_cena_has_granted_over_300/

/u/bigdhunned 153 points 2 years ago 

The power of the jean shorts is unlimited.

_______________________________

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1htfva/til_john_cena_was_recently_given_an_award_for/

/u/Wrestlingisgood [+1]13 1834 points 1 year ago 

Love him or hate him, John cena makes kids wishes come true.

He legitimately cares about those kids.

I was at raw about a year ago, there was a kid there in a wheelchair in the crowd you could tell that he didn't jut break his leg. He was sitting pretty close and John cena threw his shirt, his hat, and I think his wristband things to this kid, everyone could tell it was for him and when someone near him caught it, cena would look at them and motion to pass it to the kid. Everyone did. It was really awesome.

_____________________________

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2lzbll/til_professional_wrestler_john_cena_holds_the/

[deleted] 34 points 6 months ago 

Did you leave the Make-A-Wish foundation part out for any particular reason?
Is J. Cena a Genie?

___________________________________

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2qtshy/til_wwes_john_cena_has_granted_more_than_450/

/u/Unremoved [+1]322 2 points 5 months ago 

Considering this is posted at least once a month, I question whether you truly learned this today.

________________________________

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ikqju/til_john_cena_holds_the_title_of_top_makeawish/

/u/lanismycousin 36 DD 5 points 8 months ago 

You couldn't even wait 38 minutes to repost this?

38 minutes ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ikmd6/til_john_cena_holds_the_record_for_most_makeawish/

__________________________________

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2bs35q/til_john_cena_is_the_current_record_holder_for/

/u/untouchedURL [+1] 1 point 10 months ago 

Here is a non-mobile link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Cena#Make-A-Wish_Foundation


 




 If it were wise to exterminate an entire species based on its threat level to other species, we should end all human life first. 




 If anyone is interested, here are the top comments from previous times this TIL has been posted:

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1jxrax/til_prince_covered_radioheads_creep_at_coachella/

/u/bkleo504 1833 points 1 year ago 

But it remained blocked on mobile, as it was only ok for the computer.

_________________________________

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ofb3v/til_that_prince_performed_a_cover_of_radioheads/

/u/idreamofpikas [+1] 1566 points 6 months ago 

Now I want Radiohead to cover Prince's Batdance in retaliation.

_____________________________________

http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/xg0oy/til_prince_performed_a_live_cover_of_radioheads/

/u/twsmith89 1519 points 2 years ago 

The Foo Fighters wanted to release a cover of Prince's "Darling Nikki" on a b-side, Prince told them that they couldn't due to copyright, so instead they just played it at shows for a while in the early 2000s. In retaliation, Prince played a cover of "Best of You" at the 2006 Super Bowl. However, his revenge didn't work out as planned, as Dave Grohl was stoked to get covered by one of his musical idols.

TL;DR Prince is a pretty reliable copyright dick
 




 What's really amazing is that 50 out of 69 actually found that review helpful... 




  I think the film is cheap and vapid

You've got my attention. How so? 




 I would if it was the word I required, yes.

I'm really not getting all the fuss over my word choice. I never considered "modicum" such a highfalutin bit of vocabulary.  




 Fair enough. 




 Borderline pedantry, but when you're right you're right. Either way, you understand why I'd consider Momento a postmodernist film in that sense. 




 I have read and re-read the post that continuously gets the downvoting and it's far from pretentious. It sounds like you're saying I have to dumb down my comments in order for /r/movies not to have their intelligence insulted, which is actually *more* insulting to their intelligence.

A fellow commenter claimed this movie was postmodern. I disagreed politely and explained my reasoning. If that's something considered a "dick move" by the Reddit masses, so be it. Negative Reddit karma isn't going to keep me up at night.

And I'll keep "modicum." It's a lovely word when it's precisely what I mean. 




 Are there formal and informal versions of /r/movies? If not, what is it about /r/movies that demands exclusively informal speech? How is "modicum" even beyond informal speech? 

You're telling me /r/movies is no place for serious, academic, formal, or even relatively learned discussion about film? Then please, direct me to the subreddit that is, and please do so while remembering that it was not I who brought "postmodern" into the discussion. I'm just the one being crucified over daring to question it. 




 So glad you asked! I think Memento is postmodern in its depiction of life and memories. It supports the postmodern claim that truth is what we believe it to be, and memories are not reliable because we sometimes lie to ourselves, sometimes even unknowingly. The underlying idea is that 'real' truth does not exist. If postmodernism is, at its core, questioning the certainty of things, surely our own minds and the way we lie to ourselves is valid. 




 I aim to please. 




 Postmodernism *is* a vague category; it would be wholly ironic to try and define it with passionate certainty since that is exactly what postmodernism seeks to critique. That being said, I don't see it as a synonym for meta humor or any self-referential or self-aware comedy. That was the crux of my comment. I consider--as I suspect many do--that postmodernism carries deeper meaning than that. 

Obviously I haven't seen "A Deadly Adoption," but I would expect it to be like an hour-plus SNL sketch lampooning the Lifetime movie clich. If that's all it is, would you really categorize it as "postmodern?"

And let's say you would. Fuck me for having a contrary opinion? I have been under the impression that the point of these comments sections was for discussion. If everyone is going to just upvote everyone they agree with and comment the same thing worded differently, what's the point? 




 I'm glad I'm not alone. I've questioned the downvoting of some of my comments and posts, but this one left me truly baffled.

Of course, whenever one is dealing with the written word, there's what you write and then there's what people will read into it. 




 I write as I speak. What's wrong with modicum?  




 [Or zombie strippers.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0960890/) 




 It's a joke that you're taking seriously. 




 I quite like both ;) 




 Explain to me how any of that was the least bit pretentious, rude, or how it could sound "awful." 

*I tend to reserve*

As in me, my opinion. Not saying the other chap is wrong, but here's what works for me. 

I list a number of fantastic films that I consider prime examples of how I interpret postmodernism. What a dick. I mean really, who does that? /r/movies is for discussing movies, not... discussing... movies?

Finally, I simply state the definition of postmodernism from which I am working so that /u/I_AM_LOOKING_AT_YOU and others can understand where I'm coming from, and then I offer another potentially more accurate term for the aforementioned Lifetime movie.

There's nothing "pretentious" about my post. I politely disagreed with someone and explained exactly why. If that's pretentious, you'd have an awfully hard time having any conversation that isn't. 




 You'd think *someone* would have the initiative... 




 For the lazy:

Insofar as I may be heard by anything, which may or may not care what I say, I ask, if it matters, that you be forgiven for anything you may have done or failed to do which requires forgiveness. Conversely, if not forgiveness but something else may be required to ensure any possible benefit for which you may be eligible after the destruction of your body, I ask that this, whatever it may be, be granted or withheld, as the case may be, in such a manner as to insure your receiving said benefit. I ask this in my capacity as your elected intermediary between yourself and that which may not be yourself, but which may have an interest in the matter of your receiving as much as it is possible for you to receive of this thing, and which may in some way be influenced by this ceremony. Amen.

This is taken from *Creatures of Light and Darkness*, a 1969 science fiction novel by Roger Zelazny. 









 Not really; he just didn't remember. 




 That's what I figured. It's funny because I thought of the exact same thing when I saw this post. 




 Disagreeing politely and contributing meaningfully to the conversation = pretentious.

Ah, Reddit... 




 You're not wrong. I'd suggest the loosest definition would be skeptical or critical works of their own time/genre/artform in the wake of modernism. 

 




 Makes a lot more sense than they're all right. 




 Only if said wrestling involves [zombies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UaY4idyLww). 




 I forgot that this is Reddit, where contributing to a conversation with a modicum of intelligence is considered "pretentious."

Next time I'll just comment "this." 




 I don't get Reddit sometimes. All I did was explain why /u/seven3true is correct in that celery can be considered less calories than listed. Why would anyone downvote that? 




 You put it in quotes to indicate that it's not your own original thought, but didn't credit the quote.

[Source](https://twitter.com/skullmandible/status/373108506506702848) 




 The female-skewing cable network confirmed the upcoming broadcast of A Deadly Adoption via a massive billboard on Hollywood Boulevard  which included the tagline "The birth of a plan gone wrong." Sources tell The Hollywood Reporter that the movie will air Saturday, June 20, despite the poster saying Sunday.

[Source](http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/live-feed/secret-will-ferrell-lifetime-movie-799745) 




 The article you linked was is dated April 3rd.

[Here's one from yesterday.](http://www.rollingstone.com/movies/news/will-ferrell-kristin-wiig-set-air-date-for-lifetime-movie-20150604)

It's happening. 

As for the fucky date: 

The female-skewing cable network confirmed the upcoming broadcast of A Deadly Adoption via a massive billboard on Hollywood Boulevard  which included the tagline "The birth of a plan gone wrong." Sources tell The Hollywood Reporter that the movie will air Saturday, June 20, despite the poster saying Sunday.

[Source](http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/live-feed/secret-will-ferrell-lifetime-movie-799745) 




 [Surely.](http://i.imgur.com/xjwvYbA.jpg) 




 Worked wonders for [Syfy](http://deadline.com/2014/07/sharknado-2-ratings-record-812773/). 




 Not just in a straight line, but forward! In the air! 




 An Olympic cyclist powering a toaster does not equal an Olympic cyclist "racing toast." 




 It's not exactly "vs." either. There's no competition between the man and the toaster; he's powering the toaster. 




 If anyone is interested in comments from previous times this has been posted:

title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[Sea Monster](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/38g09c/sea_monster/) | 150 | 1^dy | funny | 25
[Can I put this here?](http://www.reddit.com/r/TheDepthsBelow/comments/38fn4m/can_i_put_this_here/) | 384 | 1^dy | TheDepthsBelow | 25
[THERE'S SOMETHING IN THE WATER](http://www.reddit.com/r/thalassophobia/comments/38fko2/theres_something_in_the_water/) | 878 | 1^dy | thalassophobia | 91
[Sea monster.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/38f40h/sea_monster/) | 4862 | 1^dy | gifs | 1729
[Unexpected](http://www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/comments/2yo5xv/unexpected/) | 3694 | 2^mos | woahdude | 268
[There is now a sea creature I find scarier than sharks.](http://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/2yncqi/there_is_now_a_sea_creature_i_find_scarier_than/) | 1060 | 2^mos | interestingasfuck | 107
[A monster in the water.](http://www.reddit.com/r/NatureGifs/comments/2ymf8f/a_monster_in_the_water/) | 343 | 2^mos | NatureGifs | 26
[Something's following the boat!](http://www.reddit.com/r/Unexpected/comments/2yl9od/somethings_following_the_boat/) | 3394 | 2^mos | Unexpected | 196
[There's something in the water...](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2yl4we/theres_something_in_the_water/) | 64 | 2^mos | gifs | 21
[Something in the waters](http://www.reddit.com/r/GifSound/comments/38gks6/something_in_the_waters/) | 9 | 1^dy | GifSound | 1 




 Correct.

Kind of.

[Sauce](http://www.fitday.com/fitness-articles/nutrition/healthy-eating/myth-or-fact-celery-has-negative-calories.html) 




 Yes, but celery has "negative calories." 

As a plant, celery stores its calories throughout its body, just as every other plant does. There are plenty of food calories in celery; the difference is that humans cannot adequately process those calories.

The majority of energy that celery has locked within it passes through our digestive system without being processed. The cellulose calories celery has is irrelevant; all that counts is the six or so food calories we can get from each eight-inch stalk. Since it takes more than six food calories of energy to digest the celery, the net result is that digesting celery does, in fact, exhaust calories. In a very real sense, celery is a "negative calorie" food. 




 Of course. 




 That's not odd; it's logic. 




  I'd love to see their list

You mean the PDF I posted to make this TIL?

Also, in the introduction of the Wikipedia link you just provided:

***This is not a complete list***

That's basically the opposite of "comprehensive." 




 Brilliant. 














 Right, because it's an unpopular opinion that gets downvoted like crazy. I don't find most of these particularly funny or creative either.

Now let's see what happens to my comment. 




 I went to Castaway Cay for my honeymoon. I was very tempted to hide and not get back on the cruise ship. 




 Well, I'm sorry you lost a friend but I'm very happy to read that you and your boyfriend are still going strong. Congratulations. 




 Aw... happy for you and your guy. 




  Well, only because you are just thinking about sex

I'm really not. True, I'm not sexually attracted to men and definitely don't want sex with a man, but more importantly, I don't fall romantically in love with men. I have two or three male friends whom I love, but it's a brotherly love, not a romantic or sexual love. I can't see that working in a relationship, even if he could fix my car for free, which would be amazing...

I like your analogies, though. Definitely laughed out loud at "your balls small funny." 




 That's a fascinating story. So you and your boyfriend (the original) are still together and totally "survived" the experience?

Also, CJ happens to me *my* initials... freaky. 




 Haterade is too sour for my taste buds. 




  Be a man, break it off, don't cheat.

Been saying this forever bro. 




 If you consider pedophilia and incest fucked up, yes. Yes it is. 









 Your user name plus dropping an Alan Moore reference to explain things means we're friends now. 




 That would be no different that straight people cheating then. I'm talking about 3, 4, or even more in a loving, committed relationship, kind of like polygamy, but that's almost always one man and like a dozen women, and the women are all for the one guy.  




 I legitimately had a hard time with Ratatouille for that very reason. For some reason, I could easily suspend my disbelief for the talking rat that can cook and whatnot, but controlling a man by his hair? Preposterous! 




 Seriously. The word "misdemeanor" doesn't even appear in the article, probably because it's not a relevant term in this context.

I guess "results in relatively lighter punitive measures" wasn't eye-catching enough. 




  No, there is not much evidence to back up this idea.

Or Freud in general, but he *is* a fun read. 




 TIL after a ***female*** pedestrian in ***his*** community was

and *then* passive voice on top of it. 




 (self) 




 Angel Rice from Smoed. She is amazing. 




 Maybe "*investigating* an earthquake" would make more sense. 




 Every single one of these videos, whoever makes the shot takes off running. 

Where are they going?

Why do they run? 




 Happy to oblige. 




 A grenade thrown into a kitchen in France would result in linoleum blown apart.

"Linoleum blown apart" is a pun on the name "Napoleon Bonaparte," one of France's most famous historical figures. 




 DAE think a young Philip Seymour Hoffman (as seen in OP's L O clip) would have made a phenomenal Foggy Nelson (of Daredevil fame)?

Then again, Philip Seymour Hoffman would make a phenomenal lots of things... 




  So in this instance, the damage is done and his daughter is going to grow up to be a serial killer, am I right, or am I right? ;)

If so, as the proud father of a little girl myself, I only hope his doesn't kill mine ;) 




 [GILLLED](http://i.imgur.com/TDdVkXc.jpg)! 




 And if it wasn't blatantly obvious, this was an email forward from my mother. 




 1. The fattest knight at King Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from too much pi.

 

2. I thought I saw an eye-doctor on an Alaskan island, but it turned out to be an optical Aleutian.

 

3. She was only a whiskey-maker, but he loved her still.

 

4. A rubber-band pistol was confiscated from an algebra class because it was a weapon of math disruption.

 

5. No matter how much you push the envelope it will still be stationery.

 

6. A dog gave birth to puppies near the road and was cited for littering.

 

7. A grenade thrown into a kitchen in France would result in linoleum blown apart.

 

8. Two silk worms had a race. They ended up in a tie.

 

9. A hole has been found in the nudist-camp wall. The police are looking into it.

 

10. Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.

 

11. Atheism is a non-prophet organization.

 

12. Two hats were hanging on a hat rack in the hallway. One hat said to the other: 'You stay here; I'll go on a head.'

 

13. I wondered why the baseball kept getting bigger. Then it hit me.

 

14. A sign on the lawn at a drug rehab center said: 'Keep off the Grass.'

 

15. The midget fortune-teller who escaped from prison was a small medium at large.

 

16. The soldier who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.

 

17. A backward poet writes inverse.

 

18. In a democracy it's your vote that counts. In feudalism it's your count that votes.

 

19. When cannibals ate a missionary, they got a taste of religion.

 

20. If you jumped off the bridge in Paris, you'd be in Seine.

 

21. A vulture carrying two dead raccoons boards an airplane. The stewardess looks at him and says, 'I'm sorry, sir, only one carrion allowed per passenger.'

 

22. Two fish swim into a concrete wall. One turns to the other and says, 'Dam!'

 

23. Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly, so they lit a fire in the craft. Unsurprisingly it sank, proving once again that you can't have your kayak and heat it too.

 

24. Two hydrogen atoms meet. One says, 'I've lost my electron.' The other says, 'Are you sure?' The first replies, 'Yes, I'm positive.'

 

25. Did you hear about the Buddhist who refused Novocain during a root-canal? His goal: transcend dental medication.

 

26. A geologist exploring an earthquake fell to his death through no fault of his own. 




 I appreciate your civility and lack of defenciveness, but it's more than an opinion; it's an opinion based on quite a lot of research. 




  I believe that exposure to hyper-realistic violence in a controlled enviroment is a practical approach to parenting

Can you read that again and tell me you're actually being serious?

A four-year-old has no ability whatsoever to comprehend what he or she is seeing. Why would you show them at that young and impressionable age where they're still trying to make sense of the world people intentionally and purposefully doing wanton violence to one another? That's the impression you'd want a young child to have of the world? Just dash their innocence against the rocks right off the bat?

As for citing a source, I don't know how to narrow it down from [these 386,000](https://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=exposure+to+media+violence+children hl=en as_sdt=0 as_vis=1 oi=scholart sa=X ei=wlFsVYzBGMaagwTQtoP4CA ved=0CBwQgQMwAA), but feel free to pick the first three you like and peruse.

Here's a quote from the [first one](http://psycnet.apa.org/psycinfo/2006-23323-000): Anderson, Gentile, and Buckley describe the reaction of the games industry to scientific findings that exposure to violent video games and other forms of media violence constitutes a significant risk factor for later aggressive and violent behavior.

Here's a more [recent one from 2015](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1876285914003325): Child-reported media violence exposure was associated with physical aggression after multivariable adjustment for sociodemographics, family and community violence, and child mental health symptoms (partial correlation coefficients: TV, 0.17; video games, 0.15; music, 0.14). This association was significant and independent for television, video games, and music violence exposure in a model including all 3 media types (partial correlation coefficients: TV, 0.11; video games, 0.09; music, 0.09). There was a significant positive interaction between media time and media violence for video games and music but not for television. Effect sizes for the association of media violence exposure and physical aggression were greater in magnitude than for most of the other examined variables.

Here's another [recent study](http://scan.oxfordjournals.org/content/early/2015/03/09/scan.nsv025.abstract): Media violence exposure causes increased aggression and decreased prosocial behavior, suggesting that media violence desensitizes people to the emotional experience of others.

This really shouldn't surprise anybody. 




  The notion that hyper-realistic violence should not be exposed to children is utterly arbitrary

Not according to the many, MANY studies done on the subject, and your anecdote is meaningless; anecdotes are not evidence.

There are hundreds of thousands of studies I could link to supporting what I'm saying: a young child, a four-year-old, should *not* be exposed to the kind of violence depicted in Mortal Kombat.

Like I said, I'll take the downvotes, because fuck me for caring more about the welfare of children than... what? I don't even know why this warrants downvoting. I've been a fan of Mortal Kombat since the original hit arcades in 1992. I was eleven at the time. I've owned the home console version of all of them including X, but I don't play them in front of my now 5-year-old daughter because it would be grossly irresponsible bad parenting. 




  I doubt OP does fatalities/x-rays while his daughter is watching

What are you basing that doubt on? Even if OP doesn't, there's nothing stopping the opponent from doing it.

Besides, this is MK9 we're talking about. The regular gameplay and even backgrounds are graphically violent. 




 I don't care if I get downvoted for this; a four-year-old girl should not be exposed that kind of violence.  




 Great advice. Thank you. 




 As I said in my original post, it's all about convenience. There are currently about 20-30 bottles of delicious water in my refrigerator at about 34 degrees F that I can grab and drink at my leisure. The containers are also convenient, because even if I'm on the go, I can crush them down to almost nothing and screw on the cap. They fit right in my pocket until I can find a proper receptacle. 

So, back to my original point, I use bottled water for the same reason I use floss picks rather than spool floss. Convenience is king. 




 There are lots of reasons including [breakdown on the plastics](http://www.medicine.virginia.edu/clinical/departments/medicine/divisions/digestive-health/clinical-care/nutrition-support-team/nutrition-articles/LeisingArticle.pdf) by reuse and the fact that the bottles turn into [bacteria parties.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12353459) 




 Seriously, people are buying this? 




  the floss picks are the only thing keeping daily flossing convenient enough to actually do

Same rationale I use when buying packs of bottled water. I know I'm supposed to drink water rather than soda, juice, etc., but without the convenience of the bottles and the awesome coldness of the refrigerator, I know I won't. 




 Yeah, as a parent of a five-year-old girl, I would not be comfortable with her seeing this. 




 Which is amazing when you consider how hilariously tame it looks next to something like MKX. 




 I don't even consider it "soft" atheism. Atheism is just a-theism, i.e., without theism. I'm irreligious and I don't believe in god. That's what an atheist actually is, regardless of how many people try to define it on their own terms or make ridiculous line graphs. 

In other words, I'm not making any extraordinary claims. In spite of tons of reading, research, and opening myself up to many ideas, I see no evidence supporting the existence of god, nor do I see the need for one. I stop short of saying there is no god because that's impossible for me or anyone else to say meaningfully. There's no proof either way. 

God either exists and it's wrong to say god doesn't exist, or god doesn't exist and it's impossible to prove a negative. I can't prove pink unicorns that eat rainbows and shit butterflies *don't* exist, but it's perfectly reasonable for me to not believe in them.

Therefore, rationally, "I don't believe in god" is the only sensible statement. 




 Meh. It's not as if I have to re-read it. 




 If every bullshit post were appropriately downvoted, there'd scarcely be a Reddit left. 




 Seriously. I'm 34. I cannot convey to today's teenagers and young adults how outrageous it was to see this in the arcades back in 1992. Minds were absolutely blown. A new ratings system was introduced because of this. People lost all their shit. All of it. 




 Character is unique by being completely black.

"Hey guys! I got a great animal for Noob Saibot! A black panther!"

"Anteater, yo."

"But-"

"Bro. Anteater."

"But he's-"

"Ant... eater."

"Sigh. K." 




 I can't even discuss Transmetropolitan because I start physically shaking with joy. It's that damned good. 




 Warren Ellis is easily one of my favorite comic book writers ever. His run on The Authority was brilliant. 




 I didn't fail to grasp anything. Either is wrong. You're making a statement of fact about something that cannot be proven. It makes no more sense to say God or gods exist than it does to say God or gods don't exist. 

The sensible thing to say is either "I don't believe in god" or "I don't believe in gods." 

It also doesn't matter which one you say as "god," singular, would stand in for any god; it doesn't matter how many there are. 




 Neither is correct. 

Atheists don't believe in god, but in the same way that there is no evidence for god, one cannot disprove a negative. While I certainly don't believe in gods or anything else without proof, I nor anyone else can claim with 100% certainty that an improvable thing doesn't exist. That is logically impossible.

That being said, one should rationally say "I do not believe in god" rather than making any factual statement that they do not exist or cannot exist.

Taking that to OP's point, there is a semantic difference between "I don't believe in god" and "I don't believe in God." The capitalized "God" is a specific one, and, in the United States, most often assumed to mean the Abrahamic God, an even more specifically, the Christian trinity god based on demographics. An lower-case "god" could refer generically to any god, goddess, or similar deity and is therefore a perfectly reasonable substitute. You don't need to pluralize "gods" any more than you'd need to say, "I don't believe in God, god, gods, goddesses, or deities of any kind."  




 We can all read. Your post is 

"There is no God" is incorrect. "There are no gods" is the proper term. 

You're saying one is incorrect and the other is correct.

Not only are you wrong, but you're telling everyone *they're* wrong just because you have an opinion. 




 Saida Grundy

Born on a Monday,

Christened on Tuesday,

Married on Wednesday,

Took ill on Thursday,

Grew worse on Friday,

Died on Saturday,

Buried on Sunday.

That was the end,

Of Saida Grundy. 




  Rajnikanth, chuck norris of INDIA

You've insulted Rajnikanth. For your sake, I hope he shows you a modicum of mercy. 




 This. They never quantify the number of combatants in the song. Dude could've walked into a room in which 2, 3, 4, or whatever small number of people are fighting in the martial arts style of Kung Fu. 

This isn't rocket surgery. 




 I mean, the man *is* a doctor... 




 Excellent point.  




 Fascinating. 




 "This sub" doesn't hate anything or love anything; its subscribers have a variety of opinions.

I personally hated The Widening Gyre and pretty much anything else Kevin Smith does. That's *my* opinion and probably relatively uncommon to that of most of /r/DCcomics subscribers.

As for Gotham, I never tried so hard to like something and still managed to come up so short. It had its moments, but overall, a huge disappointment. 

As for Endgame, I haven't read it yet. 




 [Harley seems to think so.](http://i.imgur.com/wlqTTNe.jpg) 




 Specifically, Whoville is on a *speck*. Horton puts the speck on a flower. Grinch could take place many years after and the speck has come to rest on a snowflake. The first few pages of Horton establish that, prior to Horton, the speck was just floating around. 




 A Kevin Smith attempt at a Batman story.

[Here.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batman:_The_Widening_Gyre) 




 But can even Franklin Richards see why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch? 




 You're definitely not the only one. 

In the video description: Typical Friday night with my nature loving daughter.

Loves nature; throws things at it. 




 The first supernatural Ghost Rider, a cowboy of the same name doesn't count. 




 For stealth reasons, dark blue and gray actually make more sense than black. 




 [Here you go.](http://www.amazon.com/Green-Arrow-Quiver-New-Edition/dp/1401259421)

If you like Kevin Smith, he's actually written a few comics including for Daredevil and Batman. 




  I always thought of the grinch as a recluse Who who was pushed out of the town by the other who's because of his appearance.

Maybe he is, but it never suggests that in the book. 




 We don't speak of the Widening Gyre. 




 Quiver, Kevin Smith. 




 Because Kevin Smith. 




 "Your toys are of terrible quality."

"Ma'am, I assure you, we at Cruddifux make only the finest in action figurines!"

"This one's arm fell off."

"Hence the action! Arm Fall Off Boy!"

"The package says 'He-Man.'"

"Arm Fall Off Boy!" 




 I couldn't agree more. I like Batman dark as the night itself. It doesn't make sense to have a bright yellow belt when the idea is to be stealthy. Brown, tan, or even black leather would make plenty of sense. 




 They eat fat? 




 Egregiously so. Has any limit to his power been established? The kid literally alters realities and has even created new ones, wiped people's minds, and traveled between dimensions. What *can't* he do? 




 Mine is left out on the counter by the sink, so definitely don't use that, right? 




  You can also take all of your fats and mix them with sodium or potassium hydroxide (you can get this online) to make soap. 

I'd have a hard time feeling clean after rubbing animal fat all over my body. 

Would I smell of bacon?

 




 He doesn't grow new ones; they just detach and reattach.

He can use his arm as a blunt weapon and swing it like a club, but aside from a few novelty uses, it's not a very useful power. 




 I suppose some cocks are nice to look at, but I don't think I'd like to get to know one intimately. 




  the grinch is still a Who as well

Is he? 




 [This is a Snyder Batman book right here.](http://allaboutbooksandcomics.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/batman-annual-cover.jpg)

It may vary by artist/colorist, but the standard has been yellow. 




 I had no idea. Does this infuse food with bacon's natural deliciousness? 




  I know where you can begin, reading comprehension courses.

Really? Because here's what you *actually* wrote:

Exactly, making Sue black would have been a lot less confusing. Some people don't seem to get that it has nothing to do with race and everything to do with fucking with the character's for what seems like no other reason than to be "edgy".

making Sue black would have been a lot less confusing

How is making Sue black *less* confusing? The only way her not being black could be construed as confusing is if you didn't grasp the incredibly simple concept of adoption or step siblings. This isn't hard.

fucking with the character's for what seems like no other reason than to be "edgy"

The only "fucking with the characters" (no apostrophe needed there) the filmmaker has done was to make Johnny Storm black, so that's you thinking black = "edgy."

I'm not the one in need of reading comprehension courses. If anyone needs an education here, it's you. 




 [His box office numbers would like a word with you.](http://www.boxofficemojo.com/people/chart/?view=Actor id=willsmith.htm sort=rank order=ASC p=.htm)

These are all over a quarter of billion dollar earners and not one is adjusted for inflation.

Independence Day: $817.4 million. 	

Hancock: $624.4

MIB 3: $624.0

Men in Black: $589.4

I Am Legend: $585.3

Men in Black II: $441.8

Hitch: $368.1

Shark Tale: $367.3

I, Robot: $347.2

The Pursuit of Happyness: $307.1

Bad Boys II: $273.3

Enemy of the State: $250.6

Also, it's not as if Will Smith is the only star or even *the* star of the movie. 




 Is that sanitary? 




 Very true. 









  that can improve your day to day life

How so? I'm genuinely curious and I can't immediately recognize the appeal. 




 Probably the fact that I didn't know it was already posted yesterday. 




 [This is this year's Batman/Superman annual.](http://i.imgur.com/9AYBYpm.jpg) 

It came out a month ago. 

Note the belt color. 




 I'd like a list of most powerful humans. 




 I assume that's the balancing doohickey there? 




 I would have thought so considering he's literally #2 to The One Above All.  




 My theory is going primarily by the books. I didn't know The Grinch shows up in the Horton Hears a Who! movie, nor was I aware of Seussical.

EDIT 1: Which movie version of Horton Hears a Who! did the Grinch appear in? There are two.

EDIT 2: Actually, I have to insist this theory sticks to the books only as there have been two Horton movies and two Grinch movies. The movies contradict themselves and it cannot be sensibly said that one is canon while the other is not. This is strictly a book theory. 




  Jesus was born in the spring, and they moved the celebration day to coincide with the winter solstice

The Gospel of Luke references shepherds grazing their sheep in the fields implying a birth during the springtime, summer or early fall, so yeah, more or less. Your point stands. 




 It made $668 million. 




 Exactly. If I'm a capable enough writer and I want Arm Fall Off Boy to beat Darkseid, Arm Fall Off Boy beats Darkseid. 
























 You might need to watch First Blood again; it's brilliant, and the only death is accidental. 




 It works both ways: it's better to live for something than to die for nothing just as it's better to die for something than to live for nothing. 




 I can't think of a lot of movies I've seen in the theater where people actually stood up and cheered. When Rambo went HAM toward the end (spoilers?) the whole audience was going nuts. There was way too much testosterone in that room... 




  He literally helps the ~~Taliban~~ the Afghan people

FTFY

 




 It was better than Rambo: First Blood Part II ***and*** Rambo 3 but failed to top First Blood.

I just realized what a bizarre naming convention this series had:

1. First Blood

2. Rambo: First Blood Part II

3. Rambo III

4. Rambo 




 I'm not arguing a single thing, but lots of citations needed here. 




 I'm appreciating this novel with each reply such as yours. Thank you for this. 




  knowing the context of the book is important

I'm beginning to get that, and that's exactly why I posted to begin with. *This* is why I love /r/books. I get so much more out of reading by having this kind of post-reading discussion. 

It's like being a member of the world's biggest book club without anyone giving me a reading list.

Thank you sincerely for taking the time to write. I really appreciate it. 




  he made me fall in love with Brett

Then I am spectacularly your opposite and this is the kind of thing that makes reading fun. It is so interesting to me that this book had that effect on you and quite the opposite on me. I loathed her. I couldn't understand these foolish men and boys fawning for her. Maybe that's a big part of the reason I didn't get it. I didn't like Brett. 




 In terms of the actual events that transpired, I found the bullfighting descriptions somewhat interesting albeit appalling, but little else of consequence. Their conversations seemed asinine, although I'll give Hemingway tremendous credit for capturing perfectly the way drunk people actually converse. 

I felt constantly wanting for more drama. When Cohn finally threw a punch, I was ecstatic! It felt like the most exciting thing to happen in the course of the novel. Perhaps there's some disconnect between a man of 2015 and values and ideals of a generation a century past. 




 That's a wonderful explanation and I am grateful for it. What perplexed me throughout the novel was what seemed to be a lack of any explicit conflict in need of resolution, but you seem to be saying the conflicts were, in a way, the characters themselves. They all were in pursuit of something and failed at attaining it.

I suppose I didn't connect very well with these characters. I found Brett absolutely awful, Cohn pathetic, Mike an ass, Jake spineless, and Bill... well, I suppose Bill was alright. I didn't understand why Brett was so sought after, why Mike seemed downright amused by Brett's affairs, or at least tolerant of them, or why Jake was so whipped by her that he loved her and yet stood by her as she was drawn to every man like a moth to flame. 

Why *was* Brett so sought after? Was it her title? Was she really that attractive? It seemed every man wanted her and would put up with her. 




 I read this because I recently read and quite liked his Old Man and the Sea. I left it impressed as Hemingway could take such a simple story and have me riveted even though I have no interest in fishing or old men and only a glancing interest in the sea. I read it in a single sitting.

The Sun Also Rises seemed amysmally dull from the start, and I would not have finished it had the author not been Hemingway. I always felt sure it would get better, and when I read the final sentence, it was like a kick in the teeth. Really? That's it? All that for that?

I don't get the title either. I might have titled it "Drunks Repeating Themselves." 




 Yes and no. When they first created their Captain Marvel, they did so in a vacuum. Fawcett couldn't use their Captain Marvel anymore (Billy Batson) because DC sued claiming their Captain Marvel was a knockoff of Superman. Insane as that was, they won. Until Fawcett was bought out by Charlton Comics which was then bought out by DC, Marvel had the one and only Captain Marvel.

Once DC decided to incorporate the old Fawcett/Charlton character into their own lineup, they couldn't release anything with the title "Captain Marvel" because Marvel now owned that publication title, but because the character preexisted and predated Marvel's, they were allowed to keep the character and the name. Hence the series title "Shazam!". 

After skirting this issue for decades with the odd "his name is Captain Marvel; his comic books are Shazam!" scheme, they finally just gave in and officially named him Shazam with the New 52 relaunch. 

As for Marvel's Captain Marvel, Carol Danvers as Captain Marvel has become one of their top properties over the decades and has a movie coming out, which means Marvel's Captain Marvel will be far better known as *the* Captain Marvel to most audiences. Funny enough, the current release date for her movie coincides with the Warner Bros. film "Shazam!". 




 Thunder God by himself should be able to handle all of them at once with the exception of Darkskull, and that's only because Darkskull is half Darkseid. 




 So you're still wrong. As I said, Captain Marvel *has* appeared outside of a DC Comic, Marvel Comics has had numerous Captain Marvels of their own, and DC's Billy Batson has not been known as Captain Marvel since 2011. 




 If you're still talking about SHAZAM! as in Billy Batson, you're still wrong; he was created in Fawcett Comics and was quite prolific there for 33 years before ever being integrated into DC. For a time, Fawcett's Captain Marvel was more popular than DC's Superman. 




 It didn't close either door. You can clearly see the arm of the person inside close the door before the tire gets to it. The same person then opens the other door. 




 This is what happens when I'm involved in too many conversation threads. I apologize. 




 If you want a good discussion on this but don't want to wait for responses, check the threads of the other 52,000 times this quote has been posted on /r/batman. 




  the fans voted for Wolverine, so they had no idea how to have Wolverine win

You're right about that. Lobo was (I don't know anything about [New 52 Lobo](http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11113/111135277/4084955-9940480525-lobo_.jpg) and I'd prefer to keep it that way) functionally impossible to kill. Legend has it that Czarnians can only be killed by other Czarnians, and since he killed all the other Czarnians, there is no real threat to him. Heaven and Hell literally won't take him anyway.

Unfortunately, the bar cop-out made it look like they hid a sex scene off panel and Wolverine found the Rogering so satisfying he required a smoke immediately after... the cigar Lobo was smoking. 




 For context, I have to explain that I am a "white" person and that one of my best friends is "black."

I went over to his apartment one time, and when I walked in the door, he was sitting there eating watermelon. I burst out laughing, and he realized what was up, we both had a good laugh.

Another time we were out and I suggested we get something to eat before we move on to another bar. He suggested KFC, which again, provoked a laugh out of me and then him. He punched me in the arm and said something like, "Don't act like you don't love KFC. I was suggesting it because ***YOU*** like it." Which I do. It's a silly stereotype, because most people I know enjoy fried chicken, regardless of race.

None of this is bad, and none of it is racism. At all. This is basically what people these days would call a "meme," a popular thing to reference that goes way back to some sort of basis in reality. 

Truthfully, I don't know why nor do I especially care about how black people came to be associated with things like watermelon or fried chicken, but we all know of the association, and it's not exactly a cruel or insulting stereotype. 

And what possible agenda could it serve? Who benefits from these stereotypes? Who suffers?

No one. So fuck it. Let's just have fun and be cool to one another. It's not hard. 




 You can be anything you want to be! 




 /r/Unexpected 

/r/UnexpectedThugLife  




 The world really is shitty and the world really is wonderful depending on what you focus on. 




 Yeah, but there's a very negative connotation to the word "prejudice" even though it's really just pre-judging, which is a sensible thing to do in a lot of situations...

We need a word that's for non-racists to have fun with stereotypes, like black people can dance/white people can't dance, white nerd culture versus black gangsta culture, etc. all while keeping a friendly, tongue-in-cheek tone about the whole thing.

Somehow both of these subreddits do this expertly with only a rare asshole downvoted straight to hell. 




 Humorous Stereotypes  Brainwashing 




 S'all yours bro.  




 Yeah, the FF might be my least favorite Marvel property as well.

Of course, we don't *have to* watch the new movie... 




 They do have collected volumes, at least 3. 




  Though my art style was basically a carbon copy of Phil Bourassa's work on Young Justice. 

If you're going to copy an artist's style, at least you chose wisely. 




 I used to be an adventurer like you until [I took an arrow to the eye](http://www.1066online.co.uk/hastings-photos/battle-of-hastings/photos/arrow-in-the-eye.jpg)... 




 Now I want to see Grodd in Thor's getup, helmet and all, wielding Mjlnir. 




 Vandal Savage: And that, my legion of supervillians, is how we are going to take over the- ***CRASH***

Randal Savage: Saw-wee...

Vandal Savage: God damn it Randal... 




 Based on the history of the shield in canon, I would say no, neither Hulk nor Superman could break it or rip it apart. [It has absolutely withstood a direct blow from Hulk more than once,](http://i.newsarama.com/images/i/000/093/888/original/Capt-America-Shield-Block-Hulk.jpg?1364317923) and, as you can imagine, Hulk attacking Cap means Hulk has completely lost his shit.

As for Superman, the only circumstances in which the shield has been broken has been by literal gods or those endowed with all the power of god, and once by a guy who literally controls all matter at a molecular level. All Superman can do is hit it, and the shield just deflects force. Adding more force is useless.

Basically, consider the shield a force multiplier and the multiplier is zero. Hitting with a force of 1 results in 0. Hitting it with a force of 999,999,999,999 results in 0. Anything times zero is zero.  




 Which raises an obvious question... 




 Promethium is fairly significant. 




 I heard there was once a Cable fan who was so dedicated that he actually understood Cable's origin and powers. 

He's now committed to an insane asylum, but good on him. 




 That's also how Youngblood happened; he was working on a reboot of Teen Titans, got canned, and then started Image with a bunch of guys who actually had talent. Instead of scrapping the work he did on Teen Titans he changed some names and presto. He made shitloads of money. 




 [Yes?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJUhlRoBL8M) 




 Really? I think the SHAZAM!/Thor mashup is the most overpowered of this bunch. 




 I'm not the artist, but you can always ask him: http://ericguzman.deviantart.com/ 




 As of 2011, his name is SHAZAM!, not Captain Marvel. All rights to the name "Captain Marvel" have been relinquished to Marvel Comics, a subsidiary of Disney. 




 Greenova Corps. 




 It would take an amalgam of Sentry   Superman to even strand a chance.  




 Joker + Goblin = Mark Hamill.  




 Nah. I liked it for what it was. I still have the full collection of both series. 




 Exactly. It's entirely possible, [though not always attractive...](https://shechive.files.wordpress.com/2011/02/body-builder-29.jpg) 




 What's really cool is both characters are rare in that they've both displayed knowledge that they're comic book characters, i.e., they both have been shown to break the fourth wall. 




 [Dat Grayson ass...](https://36.media.tumblr.com/379420b3a9834bb6f739151909f0b64b/tumblr_ni65gyAmIG1rtprkqo1_1280.jpg) 




 It gets so much worse than that. Dr. Otto Octavius turns into Dr. Octopus? A guy is legitimately Dr. Doom? As in that's his fucking birth name? Really? Kyle Nimbus becomes Mist? Seriously? 




 True, but Captain Krypton was a much different interpretation than Super Soldier. There's really only so much you can do to combine Darkseid and Thanos considering how similar they are to begin with.

Now mixing Darkseid, Thanos, Apocalypse, and Mongul might be interesting.
 




 Correct; I am not. 




 True, but Captain Krypton was a much different interpretation than Super Soldier. There's really only so much you can do to combine Darkseid and Thanos considering how similar they are to begin with. 

Now mixing Darkseid, Thanos, Apocalypse, and Mongul might be interesting. 




 Ew. 




 It's too bad Wolverine VS Lobo was the weakest fight of the whole series. If they had done it in a post-Comics Code Authority world, it would've been insanely bloody and lasted a good four or five issues. 




 Mr. Diddle is *not* approved by the Comics Code Authority. 




 Like I just linked to... 




 You need to know what you're talking about before you try correcting people.

In the article you just linked to: Captain Marvel is now officially named "Shazam" because of this

Read more: http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/IAmNotShazam#ixzz3crEh3DSI
 




 Then get Marvel VS DC because [they totally did that already](http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11/111539/2116739-dc_s_thor.png). 




 I've been frequently surprised by the amount of users on /r/comicbooks  that are completely unaware Marvel VS DC exists, let alone Amalgam. 




 It's the crossover I've always wanted to see.

Instead I had to settle for the crappy Daredevil/Batman one. 




 Carefully? 




 Season three lives on in my heart... 




 Also he's missing an eye now, so there's that... 




 Yeah, I'd agree with that assessment. 




 Yeah, [it was a great moment.](http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_super/11/113883/2164436-deadpool_vs_deathstroke.jpg) 




 Captain Marvel as in Marvel's Carol Danvers, not SHAZAM! formerly known as Captain Marvel. 




 Tangent Joker is so boss. I'm surprised she didn't reach Harley Quinn levels of fandom. 




  Oh man, the 90's were ~~AW~~**FU**~~L~~**N**

FTFY

 




 Good guess, but no; it's a combination of five different robots:

Marvel: Destroyer + Galactus' Punisher robot + Machine Man (X-51) 

+

DC: Ultivac + Ultra the Multi-Alien.   




 Imagine if both were indirectly his fault.

With great power comes... enormous, crushing guilt and depression... 




 I found the writer! 




 This should happen to Batman at least occasionally. 




 [As powerful as Superman.](http://i.imgur.com/W4ZmfTp.jpg) 




 Offering the entire Justice League their own asses on a silver platter. 

And then he kicked back and enjoyed some milk and Oreo cookies.

[Here he is kicking Superboy Prime's ass.](http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11112/111126230/3402638-8623363798-qx7v4.jpg)

 




 *Loved* Dr. Doomsday. 




 Only after Joe Kelly made Deadpool different when he got his own series. Before that, Deadpool was an elite assassin who brandished a sword and had enhanced superhuman abilities with fast healing and a mysterious origin. 

He was Marvel's Deathstroke. The silly Deadpool we know today didn't come until his own self-titled monthly. 




  Green Arrow is a Robin Hood Rip off.

Technically Green Arrow is a Batman rip-off with a Robin Hood gimmick, but all good points. 




  Doom Patrol/X-Men is more debatable because their timelines were close

That actually seems more like evidence that X-Men *did* rip off Doom Patrol than didn't. X-Men came out three months later, which is enough time to see Doom Patrol and copy it.

Superhuman misfits, led by a paraplegic in a wheelchair, dedicated to protecting a world that shuns them, The Doom Patrol debuted in My Greatest Adventures #80 in June 1963, three months before The X-Men #1 with near-identical cover taglines and the names of their arch-enemies with The Doom Patrols The Worlds Strangest Heroes! versus The X-Mens The Strangest Super-Heroes of All! and The Doom Patrols Brotherhood of Evil versus The X-Mens Brotherhood of Evil Mutants.

They're nearly identical. I don't believe in coincidence in general, but certainly not to the degree of a damned near carbon copy just three months after the original. 




 All good points, and let's not forget copying Marvel's mutants with metahumans.  




 TIL 




 Rob Liefeld's entire career is "accidentally" ripping things off. At some point, you begin to doubt the "accidental" part. 




 Or Mr. E. Nygma (Mystery/Enigma) 




 They are: http://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/Category:English_double_contractions 




 Fanfic. The actual Amalgam was Batman + Wolverine = Dark Claw and Lobo + Howard the Duck = Lobo the Duck. 




 Cautioning parents against creating a horrific fate for their children does not equal hating fat people. 




 Lex needs the suit if he wants to throw down with Superman; [Kingpin ain't afraid to scrap](http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/10/104794/2122102-kingpin.jpg), and he damned sure ain't worried about what he's wearing. 




 Well then [here you go.](http://orig14.deviantart.net/eccc/f/2014/191/e/7/amalgam_comic__wolverine_and_lobo__by_alexbadass-d7q5zzr.png) 




 Is Ultimate CA's shield indestructible?  




 [Pretty much](http://fc06.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2014/079/c/3/armored_daredevil_colors_by_ginmau-d6uozw1.jpg) 




  giving the invincible guy a shield

To be fair, [it's been done](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Clark_Kent_%28Amalgam_Universe%29).

Also, as of the New 52, Superman wears [Kryptonian armor](http://media.comicbook.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/super-change.gif).

 




 [K](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Logan_Wayne_%28Amalgam_Universe%29) 




 Not sure about the original series, but DS9 and Voyager certainly did.

Also, if you rather feel like pretending you're on board, there's always [this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPoqNeR3_UA) 




 Like anything it has its ups and downs. I am a fan in general and a big fan of The Next Generation specifically, but keep in mind that this is a highlight video taking the best 15 minutes of Picard's edifying over the totality of 176 episodes and four movies.  




 It's not at all necessary and the tone is so completely different that you might love one while strongly disliking the other. 




 If you really didn't care you wouldn't keep posting.

I think maybe you *do* care.

Just a little. 




 I swear they're the same person on different ends of the diet. 




 No, I don't *like* big-chested Captain America.

I ***LOVE*** [big-chested Captain America](http://loltrap.com/pictures/c32efcb7f667f6c5def39db8eda2e6ce.jpg). 




 But does Deadpool x 0 = Deadpool? 

Because you're going to break math. 




 I knew what you meant ;-) 




 Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?  




 You are a genius. 




 They don't get the respect they deserve. I still wonder how The Incredibles got away with Elastigirl. 




 Lex Fisk or Wilson Luthor. 

He'd basically just be a bigger, stronger, Lex Luthor, which would look just like Wilson Fisk. 




 More like Deadpool was a direct rip-off of Deathstroke that a talentless hack named Rob Liefeld "created" until better, more talented people came along and gave us the Deadpool we all know and love today. 




 Funny that the Batman VS Spider-Man's villains things has already been done (Batman Beyond).

Blight = Green Goblin

Shriek = Shocker

Drek = Kraven

Spellbinder = Mysterio

Inque = Venom 




 Batman actually has a suit that allows him to go toe-to-toe with Darkseid, so I don't think he has any use for Tony Stark's tech, money, or resources. 




 Inertron, Promethium, and Radion come to mind. 




 Seriously, [read this.](http://www.popmatters.com/post/176291-thor-who-its-beta-ray-bill/) 




 Not really. It's not the density of the bullet; it's the force with which it's projected. 

Also, The Hulk has been so ridiculously overpowered in recent years that nothing surprises me anymore. I'd totally expect a story where he's tossed into the sun and he eats his way out. 




 You probably would've gotten it if it had been:

     (Bane's real name) + Venom = Bane

Unfortunately, no one knows Bane's real name... 




 Rob Liefeld never "accidentally" ripped off anything; he just ripped shit off wholesale because he's a talentless hack. 




  And isn't Deadpool supposed to be a ripoff of Deadshot?

Deadpool *is* a rip-off of *Deathstroke*, not Deadshot, and no, he's wasn't "supposed to be." Deadpool was initially "created" by Rob Liefeld, a talentless hack who is notorious for ripping off characters and art. Fabian Nicieza was the first to realize it and he's the one who gave Deadpool his real name "Wade Wilson" as an obvious parody of Slade Wilson. In his early outings, he was a lethal assassin with enhanced abilities and healing with a mysterious past. He was Deathstroke in Spider-Man's costume.

Joe Kelly is probably most responsible for the Deadpool we know and love today. What started off as a total rip-off turned into one of the most original and fun characters in comics. 




 I actually prefer vanilla, but I'm not going to get all upset about it. 




 Eyeball muscles is the best superpower I've heard of since [Arm Fall Off Boy](http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_small/1/15659/3097751-arm-fall-off_boy-edited.jpg). 




 I always felt like Marvel missed out on "Doctopus." 




 Scarlet Red Spider Hood! 




 It sounds like the device nullifies anti-life though, which would mean it's really a life equation. The double-negative bothers me. 




 I underestimated the potency of 2CE once and that's the only time the kind of psychedelic experiences you see in movies ever happened to me. At first it was the usual abstractions, geometric patterns, animations, but as the intensity turned up, I went out on the balcony to smoke and I watched a tree across the street turn into a fire breathing dragon. When I went back inside everything was way too animated and out-of-control. I decided to go to bed and try to sleep it off, which eventually kind of worked. I had never had a bad trip before and wasn't eager to start.

 




  Don't act like there wasn't any superiority implied with your constant insistence that "well, yeah, maybe but Marvel still does it more"

There wasn't, but you're more than welcome to continue thinking there was.

I said Marvel has ripped off DC more than DC has ripped off Marvel, which is true. I went on to cite examples. Not once did I say or imply either brand is better than the other. That would be akin to saying chocolate is better than vanilla. 




 Anti-Life Gauntlet could've worked though. 




 True, but SHAZAM is a straight up wizardry not to mention a ridiculous powerhouse in his own right. I really think a SHAZAM/Thor hybrid would destroy Superman. 




 I think Bucky/Jason Todd is an even more obvious parallel. 




 You're reading a lot more into what I wrote than what is actually there.

Relax? I couldn't be more relaxed.

Admit that there's more than I think? I'm pretty sure I just did since you were able to think of a few DC rip-offs of Marvel that I didn't.

Stop waving around my big dumb DC-is-better flag? I was never doing that to begin with so I can't very well stop now can I? 

Saying Marvel has ripped-off DC properties numerous times and has done so more than DC has ripped-off Marvel is not the same as saying DC is better, although fantastic arguments as to which brand is better can certainly be made either way. I don't claim one is better; it's a matter of a taste. Personally, I prefer DC.  




 Right, but Deadstroke is new; Thanoseid has already been done. 




 I don't get their reasoning in adding the Ultimate Nullifier. That device is most strongly associated with Galactus and Reed Richards. 

Finding the Anti-Life Equation by itself would make sense to impress Death. 




 A Batman/Spider-Man team-up against Riddler   Mysterio has great potential for exactly those reasons.

Too bad we don't get Marvel/DC crossovers anymore since the buyouts.  




 [It really is.](http://th01.deviantart.net/fs70/PRE/i/2014/060/7/e/the_scarlet_speedster_by_robertmacquarrie1-d78ikq1.jpg) 




 [Truly.](http://orig14.deviantart.net/eccc/f/2014/191/e/7/amalgam_comic__wolverine_and_lobo__by_alexbadass-d7q5zzr.png) 




 [Probably.](http://40.media.tumblr.com/c095c474a0f6aa64209f5d125c521917/tumblr_nicsefdDri1r811rmo1_1280.png) 




 Working onomatopoeia into a character name.

I like it. 




 You're right; I thought /u/lovers_acid was asking about something else. 




 In an ideal world, Disney and Warner Bros. would say, "Hey, Marvel VS DC and the subsequent Amalgam Comics was a pretty big deal in the 90s. That was *before* blockbuster summer comic book movies were a thing. Imagine the riches..." 




 [Like this?](http://orig06.deviantart.net/2ed8/f/2009/078/b/6/b61d7b68b5c17f9ff2f62217a106d916.jpg) 




 You mean I'm not the only one who thinks [this](http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110710044111/marvel_dc/images/f/f4/Supergirl_Vol_6_1_Textless.jpg) look ridiculous? 




 It was a tough week for Peter Wayne.

Or Bruce Parker.

Thank goodness for Aunt May Pennyworth. 




 You could probably add the modern version of [Despero](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Despero) as DC's rip-off of its own Mongul which was a rip-off of Marvel's Apocalypse which was a rip off of Marvel's Thanos which was a rip-off of DC's Darkseid. 




 We'll always have [Iron Lantern](http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_small/6/67663/2169758-iron_lantern.jpg). 




  Hyperion is part of Squadron Supreme/Sinister which is an intentional send-up of the Justice League in response to people accusing the Avengers of ripping off the Justice League.

Which is hilarious on Marvel's part and a perfect response.

In return, DC Comics has "[Earth 8](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Earth-8)" as part of its 52 world multiverse, which is a blatant [Marvel parody](http://www.dccomics.com/characters/earth-8). 




 What's wrong with Flulk?

You wouldn't like Barry Banner when he's angry.

Or Bruce Allen.  




 [The Amalgam Universe](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amalgam_Comics), the result of [Marvel VS DC](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DC_vs._Marvel). 




 Under Warner Bros and Disney ownership, I doubt we'll ever see anything like that ever again. 

It was cool coming of age in the 90s... 




 Some of these are pretty good, but some are way off.

Swamp Thing   Man Thing debuted within weeks of each other and there's no possible way one creator could have been aware of the other's creation. Call it a cosmic coincidence.

Black Mask is nothing like Red Skull. For one, he wears a mask as opposed to Red Skull being a deformed freak. The first word that comes to mind when I see "Red Skull" is "Nazi." The first word that comes to mind when I see Black Mask is "gangster." Red Skull is basically Hitler whereas Black Mask is basically Al Capone. Red Skull does things as lofty as attempting world domination and even cosmic conquest. Black Mask concerns himself with organized crime in Gotham City.

I get the Blackest Night/Marvel Zombies comparison, but they're really quite different. For one, MZ was an out-of-mainstream continuity story and everyone was zombies. Blackest Night was in-canon, did a lot to further expand the Green Lantern mythos, created a top villain out of a forgotten B-side villain, and the only "zombies" were already deceased DC Comics characters.

The Jason Todd/Red Hood   Buck/Winter Soldier thing is superb. 




 Might as well say The Flash + The Hulk = God. There'd be little practical difference. 




 Moon Knight + Midnighter = Moonighter?

 




 I always thought Batman and Moon Knight were the most obvious mashups, but they combined Moon Knight with Nightwing to make [Moonwing](http://www.marvunapp.com/Appendix/moonwing1.jpg). 




 [It's been done.](http://amalgamfanon.wikia.com/wiki/Iron_Bat) 




 Fixed it; thank you. 




 A bit on-the-nose, but yeah. 




 Yes, but that's not a comic book company ripping off their only true rival. Also, DC's Batman and Superman both had a number of inspirations, neither was a direct rip-off of anything else. That's patently different than two major companies existing as direct competition to one another and one far more often than the other ripping off its rival and doing so blatantly.

Bumblebee is really the only DC Comics character that I've noticed who was just outrageously obvious a rip-off of a Marvel one. 




 The Creeper has been around since the 60s. I last saw him in an issue of Katana within the past year or so. 




 Right, but Thanoseid already exists as part of Amalgam; Deadstoke didn't. 




  Pow Wow Boom Boom Smith

By far my favorite name to come out of the whole event.

Also, I absolutely loved the way [Magneto](http://i.imgur.com/Q7kZaSU.jpg) looked.   




 True, but Thanoseid is a thing and Deadstroke isn't. 




 Yeah, just in the Ms. Marvel and Captain Marvel styles. 




 Yeah, but you can't blame Marvel   DC for combining their two best-selling characters at the time (Wolverine + Batman = Dark Claw). 

Plus, combining The Creeper and Nightcrawler made visual sense. Still, Wolverine   Creeper's powers are fairly similar and they do have a nice visual complement.  




 I didn't, but when you say this:

 I am positive I could identify a counter example to each one listed, thus showing that it is much more even.

and then don't, that's pretty weak.

You're basically saying, "I can totally prove you wrong, but I don't feel like it." 




 He could positively wreck Superman. Thor is already on threat level to Supes, but add magic? Might as well give him a pocket full of Kyptonite while you're at it. 




 [Steel.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steel_%28John_Henry_Irons%29) 




 Party, yes. Clark Kent is based on Harold Lloyd and his name comes from Clark Gable and Kent Taylor. Inspiration for Superman was drawn by stories of Samson and Hercules, Flash Gordon, Philip Wylie's novel "Gladiator," and Doc Savage. Metropolis is so-called because of the classic Fritz Lang science fiction film. 

Funny you mention the "Biblical" aspects; Superman is an easy parallel to Moses as well. 




 [Here.](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Thanoseid_%28Amalgam_Universe%29) 




 Yes, [everything is a remix](http://everythingisaremix.info/), but I disagree that it's pointless to debate. Actually, it's downright interesting in many cases. If anyone really cares about a character, it's worth noting what inspired said character, rip-off or not. 




 To fair, Amalgam had some terrible names too.

Skulk

Winterstick

Abominite

Two-Faced Goblin

Bizarnage

Shatterstarfire

Ra's-A-Pocalypse

Aurora Trigger

M-Parasiteplate

Northstar Trigger

Pow Wow Boom Boom Smith

Shaggynaut

Thunderchick

Fin Fang Flame

Medusa Moonrider

Ultivac the Multi-Robot

Mandarinestro

Chemodam

Paste-Eater Pete

Scavulture

 




 I have the entire collection. 




 And they say Superman is overpowered... 




 True, but Deadpool looks kind of cool with a half-mask and pirate boots. 




 [Link](http://www.amalgam.wikia.com/wiki/Super-Soldier) for the lazy. 




 I'm not Eric Guzman, but it's funny you bring up Apocalypse because Apocalypse is a rip-off of Thanos is a rip-off of Darkseid. To get even weirder, DC ripped off Thanos, a rip-off of their own Darkseid, to create Mongul.  




 Yes and kinda. 




 No argument here. 




 Because [Thanoseid](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Thanoseid_%28Amalgam_Universe%29) is already a thing and because [Thanos is a rip-off of Darkseid](http://comicsalliance.com/knockoff-characters-comics/), hence the similarities.  




 True, but if you go all the way back to DC's earliest stuff, they weren't ripping off Marvel of course, but Batman and Superman both take their inspirations and some vital characteristics from other works of fiction.

For example, the original Batman was a mix of Sherlock Holmes, Zorro, a Leonardo da Vinci sketch of a bat-winged flying machine, The Shadow, and even a pulp fiction serial called The Bat. 




 No problem. If anyone knows of any other times it has been broken, feel free to correct me, but I'm pretty sure that's it. Marvel has been pretty good about sticking to "the shield is indestructible" canon. 




 [Yes I have and it was one of the happiest comic book moments I've ever had.](http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_super/11/113883/2164436-deadpool_vs_deathstroke.jpg) 




 1. I've been following both brands for three decades and I can think of way more examples of Marvel ripping off DC than the other way around, as I've shown.

2. Please do.

3. Exactly right. For example, although Deadpool *was* a blatant rip-off of Deathstroke when Rob Liefeld introduced the character, Slade and Wade are nothing alike and the characters have much less in common now than they did then. Plus, things like The Avengers being a rip-off of the Justice League are fairly superficial. Whether DC thought to combine a bunch of their A-list heroes or not, someone would have thought to eventually. 




 Now we just need to combine Riddler and Kingpin...

...oh, yeah.

[The Big Question.](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Edward_Fisk_%28Amalgam_Universe%29) 




 You're not wrong, but more often-than-not, it's more fair to say Marvel rips off DC.

Deathstroke - Deadpool

Green Arrow - Hawkeye

Darkseid - Thanos

The Penguin - The Owl

Suicide Squad/Checkmate/Secret Six - Thunderbolts

Deadshot - Bullseye

Green Lantern Corps - Nova Corp

Doom Patrol - X-Men

Catwoman - Black Cat

Superman - Gladiator/Hyperion/The Sentry

Justice League - Avengers

That being said, DC ripped off Wasp with Bumblebee and Namor with Aquaman. There's probably others, but Marvel is much more thieving of DC than the other way around. 




 Being that [Deadpool was originally a Rob Liefeld rip off of Deathstroke](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deadpool#1990s), the similarities are already blatant.

Nicieza contacted Liefeld, saying "this is Deathstroke from Teen Titans." Nicieza gave Deadpool the real name of "Wade Wilson" as an inside-joke to being "related" to "Slade Wilson," Deathstroke. 




 [Can't unsee.](http://www.timetravelcostumes.com/images/sci-fi-monarch-henchamn/monarch00.jpg) 




  They are too similar.

[Because Thanos is literally Marvel's rip off of Darkseid.](http://comicsalliance.com/knockoff-characters-comics/) 




 [It's been done.](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Thanoseid_%28Amalgam_Universe%29) 




 [Thanoseid has been done.](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Thanoseid_%28Amalgam_Universe%29) 




 Captain America's shield is physically indestructible under normal conditions; while cosmic and godly opponents have broken the shield, the shield proves strong enough to absorb Hulk's strength, and repel an attack from Thor's mystical hammer Mjlnir without any visible damage.

It has only been destroyed a few times. 

1. Molecule mean destroyed it, but reassembled it. He has absolute control of all matter, so that's a special exception. 

2. Dr. Doom broke it, but he had the Beyonder's powers at the time, so he was basically a god-like being with limitless power. The Beyonder proper reassembled it like new. 

3. Thanos, already possessing godlike power, was able to shatter it with the Infinity Gauntlet, which is again unlimited power. Nebula fixed it when she used the Gauntlet to undo everything Thanos did.

4. Thor has broken it twice, but required Odinforce the first time and Rune Magic the second time. The first time he fixed it, the second time that particular timeline was undone, so it's like it never happened.

5. Serpent, the Asgardian god of fear and Odin's brother broke it with his bare hands, but he's basically god. It was repaired magically and even stronger now.

So basically, you need omnipotent power and/or magic to destroy it. Due to the enhancements since the last time it was broken, magic is probably useless. Unless you have all the power of god, you can't break it. 




 To see more of Eric Guzman's art, click [here]( http://ericguzman.deviantart.com). 




 To see more of Eric Guzman's art, click [here]( http://ericguzman.deviantart.com). 




 To see more of Eric Guzman's art, click [here]( http://ericguzman.deviantart.com). 




 To see more of Eric Guzman's art, click [here]( http://ericguzman.deviantart.com). 




 To see more of Eric Guzman's art, click [here]( http://ericguzman.deviantart.com). 




 To see more of Eric Guzman's art, click [here]( http://ericguzman.deviantart.com). 







































 It almost makes me want to find all the times this exact joke has been done (better), but I have better things to do than to collect downvotes. 




 Potentially the same people who thought [this was a sensible fighting style.](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/mkwikia/images/0/0c/SCORPION.gif/revision/20100916164342) 




 Hey, second-most massive known dwarf planet after Eris is nothing to sneeze at. 




 Ugh.

I hate myself for correcting a Limp Bizkit lyric, but it's

"***Keep*** rollin' rollin' rollin'"

I've achieved a new low in life. 




 At least the title is new.

title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[Bat man](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/3asuwl/bat_man/) | 651 | 14^hrs | gifs | 28
[Baseball Bat Tricks \[x-post from r/baseball\]](http://www.reddit.com/r/oddlysatisfying/comments/2iro5c/baseball_bat_tricks_xpost_from_rbaseball/) | 2311 | 8^mos | oddlysatisfying | 54
[This show was a feast for the eyes](http://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/2iqomq/this_show_was_a_feast_for_the_eyes/) | 397 | 8^mos | baseball | 27
[Bat Skills](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2ii2ql/bat_skills/) | 2679 | 8^mos | gifs | 116
[A future globetrotter?](http://www.reddit.com/r/GifSound/comments/2ejeav/a_future_globetrotter/) | 28 | 10^mos | GifSound | 0
[Awesome Skills](http://www.reddit.com/r/awesome/comments/2d8469/awesome_skills/) | 585 | 10^mos | awesome | 16
[How to play tee ball properly](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2cvoks/how_to_play_tee_ball_properly/) | 13 | 10^mos | gifs | 5
[How to hit a baseball](http://www.reddit.com/r/GifSound/comments/2bk6fg/how_to_hit_a_baseball/) | 1 | 11^mos | GifSound | 0
[That's a neat trick](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2bj6ew/thats_a_neat_trick/) | 3290 | 11^mos | gifs | 515
[Baseball Trick](http://www.reddit.com/r/GifSound/comments/2bibb9/baseball_trick/) | 37 | 11^mos | GifSound | 0

 




 This is your life and it's ending one minute at a time. ~ Narrator

**Chuck Palahniuk**

*Fight Club* 




 Must be Latvia. Is sad place. No potato, only sad. Birth is tragedy; death is great release. Everyone in family starve to death but me. Am jealous. 




 Henry Wheeler Shaw! Josh Billings has some of my favorite quotes! The man is a quote treasure!

"There are two kinds of fools: those who can't change their opinions and those who won't." 




 [Oh my.](https://i.imgur.com/EPV8J7c.gifv) 




 Here's the thing, though, as my psychologist wife would likely point out: the diagnosis is only part of the story.

Do I feel like I should be allowed to have a gun? Yes. I'm an intelligent, responsible, law-abiding citizen who respects his country, his fellow countrymen, and all reasonable laws. Anyone who knows me well would vouch for me and undoubtedly sign off on it saying, "Yes, I know this man; he can be trusted with a firearm."

Get ready for the twist: as a general rule, I would not want most people with borderline personality disorder to have a gun.

In fact, I feel that way strongly enough that I would give up my own right to a gun just to keep everyone else with borderline personality disorder from having one. 




  Luke Cage, it's definitely happening

[You weren't kidding! Nice!](http://screenrant.com/luke-cage-marvel-netflix-2016-premiere-date-showrunner/)
 




 That's a broad brush you're painting with. I have borderline personality disorder. Should I be allowed to have a gun? 




 I want to see the armored fedora he'll tip to Sue Storm. 




 Yes, because whites are so under represented in Hollywood. 




 Plenty of them? Really?

Let's list white comic book superheroes then black superheroes and then note the insane difference. Then let's compare sales and notoriety.

Black superheroes: Black Panther, Storm, Spawn, Black Lightning, Green Lantern (John Stewart), Static, Mr. Terrific, Cyborg, Steel, Blade, Vixen, Icon   Rocket, Hardware, Bronze Tiger, Black Spider, Luke Cage, War Machine, Falcon, Bishop, Night Thrasher, Cloak, and a few others mainstream movie goers have never heard of.

White Superheroes: Almost every other superhero is white.

So Black Panther has a movie pending, Storm is only featured alongside the X-Men, Spawn had a movie, the only Green Lantern you can expect to see is Hal, Static had a cartoon but don't hold your breath for a movie, Mr. Terrific is relatively unknown and won't get a movie, people are already bitching about Cyborg's inclusion in the Justice League movie, Steel had a shitty movie and is just a Superman knockoff anyway, Blade had the trilogy that kicked off the comic book movie boom, Vixen is getting an animated series, Icon   Rocket are relative unknowns and won't get a movie but were featured in Young Justice, Hardware is unknown and won't get a movie, Bronze Tiger   Black Spider are borderline heroes but Bronze Tiger is in the CW Version of the Suicide Squad and both might be featured in a Suicide Squad movie sequel if the first one is successful, Luke Cage might appear in a Marvel TV series, War Machine has had multiple movie appearances but it's just the Iron Man knockoff, Falcon has appeared in a limited sidekick role, Bishop was briefly in an X-Men movie, Night Thrasher and Cloak may make appearances in a Marvel TV series. 




 Reddit, where you're downvoted for being right. 




 Must be a fairly common mistake with this manufacturer; the exact same thing has happened to me. Some of the packages would be bursting with the things while others would have just one or two. I once had an empty bag fresh out of the box.  




 This is the real story here. That's 2-out-of-five Americans who *would not* vote for an atheist. An ideal candidate with literally every qualification necessary to have earned their vote is discounted entirely merely because they don't believe in god. That's *insane*. 

That's over 129 million Americans, by the way.

Compare this to the mere 8% of Americans who would not vote for a woman. That's still laughably ignorant, but it's a hell of a lot better than 40%. 




 Dismissing a person merely because they hold or lack a certain belief is bigotry. Look at what they do.

Context matters, and to all the people upvoting /u/CuntSmellersLLP (ah, Reddit), you might bother to look up the definition of the word "bigotry."

bigotry

bitr/

noun

noun: bigotry; plural noun: bigotries

***intolerance toward those who hold different opinions from oneself.***


So yeah, dismissing a person merely because they hold or lack a certain belief differently than you is, by virtue of definition, ***bigotry.***

If a man or a woman would make a great president but he or she legitimately believed in the Tooth Fairy, Easter Bunny, and Santa Claus, his or her actions ought to be judged by what he or she actually *does*, not but his or her absurd beliefs. 




 Personally, I'd go with [SpongeKnob SquareNuts](http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=1323174750) (NSFW obviously) 




 [Of course,](http://img15.deviantart.net/6678/i/2015/107/a/3/internet_explorer_mascot__inori_aizawa_by_kenpan-d7gs9xo.png) but she's not as popular as she once was. 




 there's a difference between having sexuality and appearing sexualized

Yes, there is; almost everyone on earth *has* sexuality, the only exception being people who claim to be asexual. We're talking about her having been sexualized from her earliest appearances in media which was in Batman: The Animated Series from which I have provided multiple examples, i.e., evidence. You're arguing against something I've already proved. 

Catwoman has always been portrayed as dripping sexuality, it's part of her personality. But Harley never was, that's just not true. 

Again, I've repeatedly shown that she has. The only difference is how much they were able to get away with on a prime time cartoon whose audience was mainly children. In the same way that they portrayed Catwoman and Poison Ivy on Batman: The Animated Series, they had to be suggestive and imply rather than being as overt as they can be in comics. 

You honestly can't see the difference between the page you linked from 1998, and the one in the OP?

There's nothing even implied by the Deviant Artists' work. There's nothing overtly sexual about it. Her outfit is a slightly more revealing version of her original costume. All it shows is her navel, some breast cleavage, and upper thighs. She's not posed provocatively, and she has a lipstick kiss on a Joker doll due to her well-established connection to the character. There's nothing overly sexual about it. Sexy, yes, but not sexual.

The picture I linked has a horny Harley wearing lingerie, mounting a desk, begging for sex by asking Mistah J to take a ride on *his* Harley while revving herself up.

So yeah, I *can* see the difference; OP's pic is tasteful and classy whereas the cartoon I linked was brazenly filthy. 




 They get away with more in the comics, but her sexuality was heavily implied in the cartoon and its comic book adaptation, not only with the Joker but an attraction to Batman and a highly hinted at lesbian relationship with Ivy which started on the cartoon and was recently confirmed. And when I say [heavily implied](http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_medium/11111/111114723/3468732-1330712478-funny.jpg)...

Harley Quinn has always been portrayed a super sexual. Same with Catwoman and Poison Ivy.   




 Your username suggests both youth and foolishness, but [this](http://www.funnyjunk.com/funny_pictures/2962141/Rule/) cannot [be](http://rule34.xxx/index.php?page=post s=list tags=refrigerator) your [introduction](http://rule34.xxx/index.php?page=post s=list tags=thatoddguy) to [rule 34](http://fc03.deviantart.net/fs35/f/2008/297/e/d/The_Brave_Little_Toaster_by_MaxLevin.png).  




 It's still an American news media outlet broadcasting this news story. Of course they outsource. It isn't practical for any news organization to have correspondents everywhere in the world where news is happening. The point is they aired it. 

Specifically they have BBC World Service, a world news service produced by the BBC in the United Kingdom, distributed by Public Radio International. The whole purpose of this is to have world news broadcasts on their affiliated stations. 




 Sorry, but I still prefer [Firefox.](http://sakimichan.deviantart.com/art/FireFoxy-539705347) 




  Harley's slow decline from disturbed Joker sidekick to another Gotham sexpot

[Here's one of her earliest appearances before she made the jump to DC Comics canon.](http://media.giphy.com/media/YvbwY2q89mOsg/giphy.gif) She's wearing lingerie while urging The Joker to stop his planning to "ride his Harley" while she revs herself up. This was only slightly less risque than the Batman Adventures comics the episode was drawn from. 




  I heard nothing about this on American news. The only way I knew was NPR

National Public Radio (NPR) is a privately and publicly funded non-profit membership media organization that serves as a national syndicator to a network of 900 public radio stations in the ***United States***.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NPR 




 You're far from alone. 

RT critics: 78%

RT users: 76%

IMDb: 7.2/10

IMDb Arithmetic mean: 7.3.  

IMDb Median: 7

IMDb Mode: 7

IMDb Metascore: 69/100 

Metacritic: 69

User: 7.3

At a glance, one could logically conclude that, on a scale of 1-10, Brave is between a 6.9 and a 7.8, which would land it "good" territory.

Personally, I gave it a 6/10 on IMDb. It was horrible by any means; it just didn't do it for me.

 




  whether or not there's a species somewhere advanced enough to create a simulation of the universe

[Us.](http://news.discovery.com/space/galaxies/mind-blowing-computer-simulation-recreates-our-universe-140507.htm) 




 [This might help.](http://www.universetoday.com/107172/why-our-universe-is-not-a-hologram)

[Have some more.](http://io9.com/5818008/the-universe-probably-isnt-a-giant-hologram-after-all)

[And some more.](http://www.theskepticsguide.org/are-we-living-in-a-hologram-get-real) 




 [Here.](http://www.universetoday.com/107172/why-our-universe-is-not-a-hologram)

[Have some more.](http://io9.com/5818008/the-universe-probably-isnt-a-giant-hologram-after-all)

[And some more.](http://www.theskepticsguide.org/are-we-living-in-a-hologram-get-real) 




 [He didn't come up with this.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holographic_principle) 




 simulation  game

There are a lot of reasons why simulating a universe could be valuable.

In fact, [we do this ourselves.](http://news.discovery.com/space/galaxies/mind-blowing-computer-simulation-recreates-our-universe-140507.htm) 




 They've seen it.



title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[Volleyball](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/3a1hmv/volleyball/) | 2862 | 5^dys | gifs | 320
[The pinnacle of /r/volleyballgirls](http://www.reddit.com/r/VolleyballGirls/comments/3a3z3n/the_pinnacle_of_rvolleyballgirls/) | 558 | 5^dys | VolleyballGirls | 23
[2 Girls Fall On Top of Each Other and Start 'Mirin](http://www.reddit.com/r/GirlsMirin/comments/2trw9m/2_girls_fall_on_top_of_each_other_and_start_mirin/) | 214 | 4^mos | GirlsMirin | 18
[Fraternizing with the enemy \(x-post /r/funny\)](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuddenlyGay/comments/2qg9ll/fraternizing_with_the_enemy_xpost_rfunny/) | 380 | 5^mos | SuddenlyGay | 6
[I am going to repost this... and nobody is going to complain](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2lnf0g/i_am_going_to_repost_this_and_nobody_is_going_to/) | 37 | 7^mos | funny | 19
[wow... Oops!](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2jvesk/wow_oops/) | 18 | 8^mos | funny | 7
[Tryin' to hold back this feeling](http://www.reddit.com/r/GifSound/comments/2jlcbw/tryin_to_hold_back_this_feeling/) | 22 | 8^mos | GifSound | 0
[/u/degen2233's "fraternising with the enemy". Oh myyyyy. \(x-post from /r/funny\)](http://www.reddit.com/r/actuallesbians/comments/2jk7oe/udegen2233s_fraternising_with_the_enemy_oh_myyyyy/) | 173 | 8^mos | actuallesbians | 20
[This is what we call "fraternizing with the enemy"](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2jjfjx/this_is_what_we_call_fraternizing_with_the_enemy/) | 3473 | 8^mos | funny | 707
[Oopsy!](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2foqhi/oopsy/) | 1239 | 9^mos | funny | 69
[Oopsy!](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2euph7/oopsy/) | 481 | 9^mos | gifs | 57

 




 There have been worse titles.

title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[Volleyball](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/3a1hmv/volleyball/) | 2862 | 5^dys | gifs | 320
[The pinnacle of /r/volleyballgirls](http://www.reddit.com/r/VolleyballGirls/comments/3a3z3n/the_pinnacle_of_rvolleyballgirls/) | 558 | 5^dys | VolleyballGirls | 23
[2 Girls Fall On Top of Each Other and Start 'Mirin](http://www.reddit.com/r/GirlsMirin/comments/2trw9m/2_girls_fall_on_top_of_each_other_and_start_mirin/) | 214 | 4^mos | GirlsMirin | 18
[Fraternizing with the enemy \(x-post /r/funny\)](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuddenlyGay/comments/2qg9ll/fraternizing_with_the_enemy_xpost_rfunny/) | 380 | 5^mos | SuddenlyGay | 6
[I am going to repost this... and nobody is going to complain](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2lnf0g/i_am_going_to_repost_this_and_nobody_is_going_to/) | 37 | 7^mos | funny | 19
[wow... Oops!](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2jvesk/wow_oops/) | 18 | 8^mos | funny | 7
[Tryin' to hold back this feeling](http://www.reddit.com/r/GifSound/comments/2jlcbw/tryin_to_hold_back_this_feeling/) | 22 | 8^mos | GifSound | 0
[/u/degen2233's "fraternising with the enemy". Oh myyyyy. \(x-post from /r/funny\)](http://www.reddit.com/r/actuallesbians/comments/2jk7oe/udegen2233s_fraternising_with_the_enemy_oh_myyyyy/) | 173 | 8^mos | actuallesbians | 20
[This is what we call "fraternizing with the enemy"](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2jjfjx/this_is_what_we_call_fraternizing_with_the_enemy/) | 3473 | 8^mos | funny | 707
[Oopsy!](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2foqhi/oopsy/) | 1239 | 9^mos | funny | 69
[Oopsy!](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2euph7/oopsy/) | 481 | 9^mos | gifs | 57 




 You still don't get it and this is the last I'll try and explain because at this point I'm just tired.

I come across a bunch of people complaining a specific McDonald's restaurant sells a low quality product low in nutritional value but high in sugars, fats, calories etc. I point out that not only is this specific McDonald's restaurant not unique, but that McDonald's restaurants in general are only part of a larger problem, i.e., fast food, junk food, how it's marketed, etc., etc., concurring that McDonald's definitely has problems, but so do all these other similar things.

Get it?

You don't have to keep telling me what the conversation is about. My point is that there's a larger issue, just like if there was a conversation about a specific line or paragraph or page in the Qur'an that is problematic, I'd mention that there are many more like it.  




 And I don't know why you don't get the relevance. It's a broader problem of all Abrahamic religions, their sacred texts, and how they are interpreted. It is not unique to Islam. If we're going to talk about The Qur'an, its interpretation, and its followers, we may as well apply the same conversation to all Abrahamic religions. 




 This discussion is about The Quran, a holy book of a major world religion, specifically an Abrahamic one. Saying, "Calvin   Hobbs is hilarious" would have been a non sequitur. 

The point is that /u/kgt5003's comment that "a Muslim taking The Quran taken literally and living that way wouldn't be pretty" isn't unique to The Quran, indeed living literally by The Bible and/or The Torah would also mean horrifying things.

And what on earth is your point on making anything more valid? *What* is making *what* more valid? Did you actually think my comment intended to validate living literally by The Quran because doing so would be as good as living literally by The Bible?

Why am I even having to explain my comment to you? It wasn't complicated. 




 One of the few subreddits that *hasn't* seen this repeatedly.

title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[Human evolution.](http://www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/comments/2ufagp/human_evolution/) | 1033 | 4^mos | woahdude | 47
[Human Evolution](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1ucklz/human_evolution/) | 19 | 1^yr | gifs | 3
[Evolution](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1kam8q/evolution/) | 27 | 1^yr | gifs | 6
[Human Evolution.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1ipx6n/human_evolution/) | 14 | 1^yr | gifs | 3
[Yet another take on the evolution of man.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/17z4a0/yet_another_take_on_the_evolution_of_man/) | 24 | 2^yrs | gifs | 4
[Evolution.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/16sczr/evolution/) | 28 | 2^yrs | gifs | 3
[Evolution \[gif\]](http://www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/comments/161udm/evolution_gif/) | 1391 | 2^yrs | woahdude | 81
[Evolution](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/t68l5/evolution/) | 206 | 3^yrs | atheism | 19
[Evolution](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/t5p2o/evolution/) | 1422 | 3^yrs | gifs | 176
[Darwinian Death](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/26s6kj/darwinian_death/) | 118 | 1^yr | gifs | 22
[Evolution of Man.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2bptxt/evolution_of_man/) ^**B** | 55 | 11^mos | gifs | 7
[Evolution of man](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/24fnlg/evolution_of_man/) ^**B** | 33 | 1^yr | gifs | 4
[How humans will keep evolving](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2140g7/how_humans_will_keep_evolving/) ^**B** | 18 | 1^yr | gifs | 6
[True Gif](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1tqekw/true_gif/) ^**B** | 311 | 1^yr | gifs | 31
[The Evolution of The Human Species](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1p90qe/the_evolution_of_the_human_species/) ^**B** | 60 | 1^yr | gifs | 6
[The evolution of man.](http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/1hcxzo/the_evolution_of_man/) ^**B** | 123 | 1^yr | oculus | 35
[Evolution of the human being.](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1guv0d/evolution_of_the_human_being/) ^**B** | 1663 | 1^yr | funny | 299
[evolution of man](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1d2drp/evolution_of_man/) ^**B** | 109 | 2^yrs | gifs | 4
[I love my devices too, but lets make sure this doesnt happen.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/15n3df/i_love_my_devices_too_but_lets_make_sure_this/) ^**B** | 117 | 2^yrs | gifs | 12
[Human Evolution](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/15erut/human_evolution/) ^**B** | 134 | 2^yrs | gifs | 15
[Human Evolution](http://www.reddit.com/r/gif/comments/149s7y/human_evolution/) ^**B** | 1067 | 2^yrs | gif | 57
[Evolution of man](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/xib5m/evolution_of_man/) ^**B** | 1158 | 2^yrs | gifs | 194
[evolution of humans... the future is not so bright.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/wv1fq/evolution_of_humans_the_future_is_not_so_bright/) ^**B** | 40 | 2^yrs | gifs | 8
[The Evolution of the Human Species](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/wnhws/the_evolution_of_the_human_species/) ^**B** | 306 | 2^yrs | pics | 22
[Evolution of humanity](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/ukwce/evolution_of_humanity/) ^**B** | 942 | 3^yrs | funny | 54
[Evolution](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1he6br/evolution/) ^**B** | 14 | 1^yr | funny | 3 




 I think the others would be rendered temporarily unconscious and she's be like regular Joy but on god mode. 




 Bing Bong made the greatest sacrifice possible.

I was reading the official discussion thread over at /r/movies and some people were pointing out that Bing Bong was never mentioned again and some were expecting his memory to be brought up somewhere toward the end or even in a post-credits scene. 

I'm so glad they didn't.

Because as soon as you do that, there is no sacrifice. He's a figment of her imagination; he was never alive nor did he ever die. He was rattling around in her brain aimlessly and without purpose. It was in his sacrifice that he was able to make a real difference for the first time in a long time, and only greater sacrifice than giving your life for someone else's is to do so anonymously and not even be remembered for it. There was absolutely nothing in it for him at all. No fame, no glory, no memory. 

When he started helping Joy   Sadness, he was doing it because they said they could help her remember him. He was doing it for selfish reasons. His last act was the most unselfish thing he could ever do, knowingly sacrificing both his existence and any memory of him ever having existed.

Anything more would have cheapened it. 




   Why not get a memory orb of him and show it off? He gave his life to save the girl

Because as soon as you do that, there is no sacrifice. He's a figment of her imagination; he was never alive nor did he ever die. He was rattling around in her brain aimlessly and without purpose. It was in his sacrifice that he was able to make a real difference for the first time in a long time, and only greater sacrifice than giving your life for someone else's is to do so anonymously and not even be remembered. 

When he started helping Joy   Sadness, he was doing it because they said they could help her remember him. He was doing it for selfish reasons. His last act was the most unselfish thing he could ever do, knowingly sacrificing both his existence and any memory of him ever having existed.

Anything more would have cheapened it. 




 You nailed it. Yeah, Cars was weak, but I expected it to be weak. I had outlandish expectations for Brave, so when I saw it I was so underwhelmed I felt like I was drowning. 




 That battle did seem a tad long, but I think that goes back to laying the groundwork for the next installment of the DCCU. We really had to get a sense of the scope of destruction caused by these godlike beings to appreciate the human reaction to it in Batman V Superman. 




 Yes! The obvious agony that he went through immediately after taking a life made him instantly more relatable and human than all the "Clark Kent" narrative in the first 2/3 of the movie. The consequences and ramifications of it only make him that much more interesting and sympathetic. 




 Exactly. I saw those discussions break out everywhere after Man of Steel was widely-viewed and it's like people are somehow isolated from the fact that the movie got them talking and discussing about a moral issue. 




 Your arguments are from the perspective of a viewer of Man of Steel in our universe, not from the perspective of a Metropolis citizen in the Man of Steel universe.

All they know is aliens invaded their planet and threatened their world because Superman was there and they wanted to kill him. Then a fight breaks out and the result is like a dozen 9/11s. It was like living in Tokyo during a Godzilla fight. No one in Tokyo gives a shit if Godzilla was the "good guy" or "bad guy" in the fight; they care that their entire city was razed.

Then you'll have Lex Luthor helping to rebuild and using the distrust and fear, fueling it, adding speculation like, "What if Superman decided to take over the world? What if he decided to destroy it?"

People fear what they don't understand; Superman is beyond understanding; fear leads directly to hate. Yes, some people are going to see through all that and not blame him for the Kyptonian invasion and get that he didn't intentionally destroy half the city and was just trying to stop really horrible aliens from doing really horrible shit, and that's why there will be more than one position.

It's kind of political thriller when you think about it. 




 You're absolutely right, and you're citing one of my favorite writers alongside one of my favorite Superman stories to make your point.

The thing with Man of Steel though is that it was the first installment in the DC Cinematic Universe and they had the future to think about. Barring a complete and total commercial flop, Man of Steel would be the foundation for each DCCU film to follow, and that includes setting a tone. Part of it was to set itself apart from Marvel, and the success of Nolan's Dark Knight trilogy was a clear message to the brass at Warner Bros. that the audiences liked their DC Comics movies darker, more serious, and with a more grounded approach, so they weren't about to fix something that wasn't broken. They could have gone lighter with Man of Steel, but then it probably would have done a shit job of setting up Batman V Superman, and more importantly, Justice League and its spin-offs. 

Unless Superman is fallible, thoughtful, philosophical, and grounded, he won't fit in when Batman shows up as his antithesis and they won't get to play with all the fun ideas of different philosophical approaches to seeking justice that the comics have played with over the decades. The trailer basically screams "Frank Miller's Dark Knight Returns The Movie," and they obviously want to explore some of those ideas. 

For people who really didn't like Man of Steel, hey, opinions are opinions, tastes are tastes, but I caution patience. They're going somewhere with this. 




  I know this probably wasn't intentional, but that perfectly describes Man of Steel. 

Only the battle. Everything up until then was a pretty fascinating character study.

By the way, I agree completely on Winter Solider. That is easily one of the best superhero movies ever made and I don't think it gets enough credit. 




 I've seen the blades on trucks and they are quite a sight to see. 




 Especially if he happened to be black... 




 You argued my own point against yourself. Yes, every superhero has to resist the urge to act selfishly and deal with the consequences of power, but not like Superman because he's not a bright teenager bitten by a radioactive spider who can do whatever it is a spider does (like ESP, apparently). He's a god. He's is practically invincible, powerful beyond reason, and has a variety of powers at his disposal that are usually meted out one or two at a time for other heroes. Any normal person would justifiably have a god complex. 

If I were Superman--I won't even lie or sugarcoat it on the internet anonymously for strangers to read it--I would take over the world and shape it as I see fit. I'd be a benevolent overlord, but an overlord I would be, and the shitty thing is, I'm not some megalomaniac asshole; I'm a regular guy. I'd do what most people would do. 

Superman is interesting because he doesn't. He's above that. Injustice's who premise is pretty much, "What if something happened that made Superman do what any of us would do and impose his will on the world because he can?" 




  I didn't mind the whole "dark" thing. I appreciate it, it adds a level of seriousness that I wish Marvel would at least dip their toes into. 

I like that the brands have separate and recognizably different approaches. I know when I see a Marvel movie it'll be a big, colorful, fun, smash-em-up explosion and punch festival with little jokes sprinkled in with paper thin plots. 

I know when I see a DC movie it'll be more grounded, realistic, darker in tone, and have actual meaning and consequences to think about. 




 He didn't have access to The Phantom Zone when he was dealing with Zod. 




 The police can arrest and apprehend. Everything after that is handled by the courts and corrections. Superman doesn't have that option and, as of the end of Man of Steel, there was no place to put someone on his power level that would hold them. 

He did what he did because there was no obvious, viable alternative. 




  it was a rule invented for more kid friendly stuff

It's actually more to do with having recurring villains. For example, Batman has been published for over 75 years and across dozens of different monthly titles, limited series, one-shots, graphic novels, etc. If Batman killed his villains, the writers would have to keep coming up new ones all the time and we wouldn't have all these classic recurring characters.

What people fail to understand is that movies don't have this problem. The Joker is probably only going to appear once per franchise, so killing him doesn't matter. 

As for Man of Steel, the kill meant something. It seemed to be the only thing he could do at the time, and he'll face the consequences for it. It's going to be pivotal moment for him and he'll have decisions to make. Guys like Lex will get to make multiple appearances throughout the DC Cinematic Universe because Superman is going to have to think up better ways of handling his adversaries than execution or no one will trust him and he's too powerful a being to be both untrusted *and* left alone. 




 I agree with everything you wrote. "Man of Steel" was laying the groundwork for a franchise and had to establish a new Superman that was never the Christopher Reeves version nor ~~The Atom~~ Brandon Routh version nor the Lois   Clark version or the DCAU version. 

You hit the nail right on the head. This was Clark Kent becoming the Man of Steel. That ending that everyone complains about is him dealing with the consequence of his godlike power, the fallout from it, exploring the psychology of an outsider who wants to do good but isn't trusted because he's just too damned powerful. It's the most realistic take on Superman ever committed to film, so yeah, he's not going to be the bright eyed blue boy scout holding an American flag in one hand and an bald eagle perched on the other while telling kids to take their vitamins. 




 I sometimes wish I could. I feel like I'm missing out on some audio bliss that's beyond my range of hearing.

On the other hand, a hard drive full of 128kbps MP3s doesn't take up a lot of valuable space. 




 Some people can, but it's a minority. 

[Studies (PDF) have found that as long as you're using high-quality encoding software, music compressed to a bitrate of 128 kbps or more is "transparent"in other words, most listeners can't distinguish it from CD quality](http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/explainer/2007/04/are_itunes_premium_downloads_worth_it.html).  




 Study after study shows most people can't and I'm one of them, but I do sometimes wish I could hear whatever audio orgasms those with more sensitive ears can hear. 




 I've done exactly that and can't hear any difference. This exact type of blind study has been done many times from many sources with similar result each time: most people can't tell the difference, many people who *can* tell the difference have about an equal chance of favoring either 128 or 320, or there's no preference.

The number of people who can hear the difference and consistently prefer the 320 to the point where they find the difference noteworthy and important, the so-called "audiophiles," are statistically low.

That being said, if you're an audiophile, obviously it's important to you, and it's good we have options like FLAC and sophisticated audio equipment.  




 I don't know how it wasn't the "city of tomorrow," but if it wasn't, they totally wrecked it and maybe that's what Lex's rebuilding of Metropolis is all about.

As for him being "The Man of Yesterday," this is the only instance of him ever being called that, and part of the point of Man of Steel was to bring Superman into modern times so he doesn't seem like a dated, corny relic with Ma and Pa, apple pies cooling on window sills, truth, justice, and the American way. It's intentionally modern and as grounded in reality as something as outrageous as Superman can be.

If you didn't like that, you've got plenty of company, but the style in which the movie was done was highly intentional/purposeful.  




 To prevent the coffee from spilling. 




 Aside from the darker color scheme, I didn't see Man of Steel's Superman as being "dark" or "looking angry all the time." 




 The Max Martin signature.

Listen to the bridge of the song, or failing that, listen to the next-to-last chorus or breakdown. You'll notice he has the artist repeat the chorus lyrically with a slightly different melody immediately afterward. Some examples include:

Backstreet Boys - [Shape Of My Heart](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OT5msu-dap8#t=157)

Backstreet Boys - [I Want It That Way](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fndeDfaWCg#t=152)

Britney Spears - [Lucky](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vvBAONkYwI#t=181)

Britney Spears - [Stronger](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJWtLf4-WWs#t=160)

Britney Spears - [You Drive Me Crazy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4VK9_CfOLQ#t=141)

Britney Spears - [Oops! I Did It Again](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CduA0TULnow#t=188)

Nsync - [It's Gonna Be Me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQMlWwIXg3M#t=136)

Nsync - [Tearin' Up My Heart](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZcmuKsyvzg#t=159)

He tried desperately to shake the habit in the late 2000s when his career had been slumping for a few years, so you'll be hard pressed to find it now, but back in the 1990s, it was a staple. Why was it so readily employed?

Bo Burnham - [Repeat Stuff](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nt9c0UeYhFc)

Max's little trick enables the artist to repeat the chorus **yet again** while keeping the song fresh in the listener's mind, much akin to the way a "breakdown" does it by taking away elements of the backing track.

/u/Oafah 









 I soldiered through the entire first season of Gotham; I'm sure I can handle 5-6 episodes of weak shit. I'll give it a go. Thank you. 




 Before anyone wastes hard drive space or has a music collection they can't put on their iPod, take a few seconds and [do this test.](http://www.noiseaddicts.com/2009/03/mp3-sound-quality-test-128-320/)

If you can't tell the difference--and most people can't--128kbps mp3s will be just fine. 




 I've never seen Agents of Shield so this is news so me. Good to know. Thank you. 




 Expecting the guy to get hit in the groin doesn't mean you have a dirty mind.  




 If you feel shitty having watched it, imagine how the asshole who taped if felt? 

And then Phil Collins wrote a song about it.  




 San Antonio? 




 Yes, but some reposts need to be reposted. The fact that there are people seeing this for the first time means it could save someone's life.  




 What, if anything, could the realistic, scientific (or ever pseudo scientific) explanations for some of these be? I could fathom an explanation for the need to suck blood, aversion to sunlight, and the nocturnal thing goes with that, but what about being invited in our crossing bodies of water? 




 You also can't deny the Holy Spirit. There's no going back on that.  




 Which was four shades of gray. Effectively there was "white" (actually green because of the screen's plate), black, dark gray, gray, and light gray. Super Game Boy worked by mapping a 4-color palette to those 4 shades of gray.  




      #JustLinuxThings 




 Checkmate atheists? 




 Indigo is the Pluto of colors.  




 It's at the discretion of the theater, and when I worked at one, I don't know of anyone who ever carded anyone ever. 




 Actually it's an acronym ["identification document."](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Identity_document)

 




 You don't have to be 18 to see R-rated movies; it's at the discretion of the theater and most theaters allow 17+ with ID or pretty much any age with an adult. Also, carding is unlikely if you look anywhere close to the policy age because no theater wants to piss off costumers with unnecessary harassment.

Film ratings are a suggestion, not a law.

http://www.mpaa.org/film-ratings 




 I actually wish DC would adopt the Arkham series costume designs over Jim Lee's New 52 design for Batman. 




 He's a multibillionaire who owns tech and industrial companies. Realistically, he's not Robocop enough. 




 It continues the [](#s "Infinity Gems/Stones saga")--one of them is the sole motivation of the villain--and shows [](#s "Thanos") as a kind of continuation of his brief cameo in the [](#s "first Avengers.") It's otherwise a standalone movie. 




 Only that it references "The New York Incident," i.e., The Avengers movie but makes no further references. It really wouldn't matter when someone watched Daredevil as long as it's after Avengers, and even then, it's only so they get the passing references to the first Avengers movie. 




 I'm currently using [this one](http://i.imgur.com/27CW6yf.jpg) as my desktop wallpaper for my HDTV. 




 Or know about the other 7 to begin with. Unless you voluntarily surrender them, they'd logically stay in your possession. 




  reasonably appears necessary

i.e., not pulling a gun to stop an unarmed attacker.

Instead of arguing with me, here's the actual law from criminal defense:


retreat if possible without taking any physical action, and

use only the amount of force reasonably necessary to fend off the attacker.

http://www.criminaldefenselawyer.com/resources/using-a-gun-self-defense-laws-and-consequences.htm

Worth noting some states are more relaxed about this than others, including the 32 states that have adopted "stand your ground" laws that expand traditional self defense laws and extend the castle doctrine to confrontations outside a persons home. 




 You might want to read that again. Nowhere does it say you get to pull out a pistol because you feel threatened. It also says you can't ban handguns or required lawful firearms in the home to be disassembled or trigger-locked.

"Self-defense"  "pull gun on anyone perceived as threat" 




 No, I don't. That's why I posted the original question. 




 The second amendment guarantees only your right to a firearm, not to brandish it over feeling threatened. Laws vary by state, but in many states, mine including, whipping out a pistol because you feel threatened will get you arrested for criminal threatening and potentially a few other charges like criminal mischief and disturbing the peace. 




 That's exactly my point and the meat of my question. You can legislate new gun control laws all day, but you won't even begin to address the sheer number of guns already out there and there's no possible way to recover them all. I'd argue you couldn't even confiscate a majority of them. 




 That still doesn't tell the government where the guns end up. There is no database telling the federal government where every gun manufactured and sold is, nor any way of knowing who does or does not own a gun and if so how many. 




 If people are using their guns to get out of situations that don't involve guns, are they not a bit trigger happy? When I used to carry, that pistol didn't come out without threat of deadly action that would warrant it. Consequently, it never came out, and I've been in threatening situations.

Guns aren't meant to get you out of a fist fight. 




 Dat finale... 




  defen- sive gun uses by victims are at least as common as offensive uses by criminals

That's not really a great statistic. If this is the strongest self-defense case, it means they're just as likely to be used criminally as they are in self-defense. 

It's also worth noting that those self-defense occurrences are likely to be forced by having to deal with a gun-wielding threat to begin with, i.e., if bad guys didn't have guns, good guys would need guns with which to defend themselves. 




 It's not about how you get a better reaction; it's about logistics. How do you pay for  270 - 310 million guns? At a dollar each, we're already at hundreds of millions of guns.

As for your 99.99% figure on paper trails, where on earth are you getting that number from? [There is no mandatory gun registration in the United States.](http://dailycaller.com/2014/11/04/gun-ownership-by-the-numbers/) That's why the 270 - 310 million guns figure has a 40 million gun gap. Even under the threat of a felony charge, it is estimated that the compliance rate for gun registration in Connecticut is less than four percent.

Theres no universal gun registry, and thus not a simple way to pin down the exact number of firearms in the U.S. So again, how would you even begin to do a buyback? 




 Thank you to everyone responding and taking the question seriously.

This gets downvoted but "If Gordon Ramsay yelled at people for poor sexual performance, what would the insults be like?" gets voted to the top.

Ah, Reddit... 




  buy them back form the citizens

How you plan on paying for 270 - 310 million guns, and how can you force anything if you don't know who has them? 









 The self defense claim isn't a strong one.

Gun owners committed 259 justifiable homicides compared to 8,342 criminal homicides in 2012, the most recent year data was available.

That means gun owners are 32 times more likely to kill someone without cause than to act in self-defense.

[Source](http://www.vpc.org/studies/justifiable15.pdf) 




  forcefully buy them back

How you plan on paying for 270 - 310 million guns, and how can you force anything if you don't know who has them? 




 I know the roundabout so well by now when it comes to these issues because this debate rages every single time a mass shooting happens, which is far too often in this country, and while I would like to see something done and I value human life far more than I do gun rights, I have yet to get a satisfactory answer to this one question: what do you do about the guns that are already out there?

[The United States has 88.8 guns per 100 Americans.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country) That doesn't mean 88.8% of Americans are armed; rather that's how many guns there are in the United States that are owned by somebody. Let's say we went gun control crazy with waiting periods, mental health screenings, background checks, the works. Hell, let's say we banned the sale of any more guns at all making it 100% illegal to sell a firearm. [There are by various estimates anywhere from 270 million to 310 million guns in the United States.](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2013/06/04/a-minority-of-americans-own-guns-but-just-how-many-is-unclear/) What do you do about all those? 

The best suggestion I've heard is a buyback program, but that's voluntary and costly. 

What's the solution? Because until we deal with the reality that the United States has an out-of-control gun fetish, any further restrictions are like saying you can't add any more grains of sand to the beach. 














 Scientists need to back up their opinions with research and data that survive the peer-review process.  [A Skeptical Science peer-reviewed survey](http://skepticalscience.com/97-percent-consensus-cook-et-al-2013.html) of all (over 12,000) peer-reviewed abstracts on the subject 'global climate change' and 'global warming' published between 1991 and 2011 ([Cook et al. 2013](http://iopscience.iop.org/1748-9326/8/2/024024/article)) found that over 97% of the papers taking a position on the subject agreed with the consensus position that humans are causing global warming.  In a second phase of the project, the scientist authors were emailed and rated over 2,000 of their own papers.  Once again, over 97% of the papers taking a position on the cause of global warming agreed that humans are causing it.

But you actually think you know better?

No offense /u/dutchguilder2, but I'll side with the climate scientists.  




 As of 6:20 Eastern time (US), 48 comments saying "Beeracle."

9 more misspelling the portmanteau by commenting "Beericle."

Ah, Reddit, as original as this repost. 




 Also does anyone ever use the mode? What a stupid way of "averaging" numbers.  

It has its uses. I find it noteworthy, for example, in IMDb ratings. 

For example, Pulp Fiction currently sits at an 8.9, arithmetic mean = 8.7.  Median = 9. The stat *I* find interesting is that 40.2%, nearly half of all users rated it a perfect 10.

So it's useful to me because the displayed score of 8.9 doesn't reflect just how many people consider it a perfect film. 




  transgender people have a "physically different brain"

Not exactly, but there *are* differences.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Causes_of_transsexualism#Brain_structure 




 There's no consensus, but there are some good theories:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Causes_of_transsexualism 




 It's hardly a fight at all. Just people going bonkers for a gimmick. 




 Wrong thread. 




 Only thing missing: wings. 




 My mistake. 




 Pretty sure all our presidents are war criminals too.


That's the original comment that started this thread. Then I said 

Pretty sure all of them aren't; 31 presidents served only in peace time.


Then /u/icarus-_-sky  said:

Our current president, and every president in the last 50 years has served during peace time. Name one 5-year span that the US has not been involved in a violent conflict in that time period. No declaration of war =! peace time.

To which you replied:

and even when not engaged in direct military conflict[1] (although its tough to find many periods there when America isn't fighting someone, most of which they started themselves), those presidents are still overseeing the CIA as it deliberately undermines Govts, destabilizes nations, and carries out its terrorist attacks around the world[2] .

Even when America isn't publicly at war, its pretty much guaranteed to be killing people somewhere

Staying on topic, you seemed to be justifying the original post which started this thread and that's what I'm responding to. My point isn't "moot;" my point is on topic.
 




  Even when America isn't publicly at war, its pretty much guaranteed to be killing people somewhere

That doesn't necessarily mean a war crime is being committed. 




 In this statement: 

Pretty sure all our presidents are war criminals too.

What actions by every US president would constitute a war crime? This statement is so far beyond hyperbole. The fact that there is violent conflict during a presidency does not ipso facto imply guilt of war crimes. That is ludicrous. 




 I agree with you there, Garfield was a better Peter Parker/Spider-Man, but there's more to a movie than just being true to the character, and if that's the best thing that can be said about, that isn't good. ASM2 was silly from the opening action sequence to the very end, and Electro was a bad joke. The only reason I was able to sit through the entire movie was because I was watching it at home laughing and making fun of it with my wife.

ASM1 wasn't bad by any means; it just felt unnecessary and redundant. I didn't find it ever matching the original 1   2 in terms of excitement or awe. 




 Amazing 1 was alright, so far as I'm concerned, but the biggest strike against it was that it was a reboot of a very recent franchise and tread a lot of familiar ground. I found it more of a dull ride than the original Spider-Man, and the original Spider-Man may not appeal as much to a younger generation who may not be able to appreciate how groundbreaking it was. 

As for ASM2, I can't understand anyone actually enjoying it aside from comedic value as in MST3K mockery of how silly/stupid it was. That being said, opinions vary, but it was the impetus of yet another Spider-Man reboot, so there's that.

You're definitely entitled to your opinion and I'm happy you shared it. 




 [Jewish Life in the Middle Ages](http://www.amazon.com/Jewish-Life-Middle-Israel-Abrahams/dp/1162729651) is only $9.99 on Kindle and it's quite good if you're interested.

I'll attempt to answer your question, Roth underscored the precarious existence of all peoples' lives in the Middle Ages:

"The modern reader frequently fails to realize that, generally speaking, life in the Middle Ages was not secure. For every section of the population the probabilities of meeting a violent death were high, even in times of comparative peace. Country people were continually subject to the onslaught of bandits or of lawless barons, as well as the marchings and counter marchings of armed forces.

     

[Even] city dwellers ... [ran] the risk of sack and wholesale murder. The whole of medieval, and a great part of modern, history is studded with instance of the sort: the devastation of Attila, the Scourge of God; the ravaging of the Vexin by William the Conqueror; the sack of a score of German cities during the Thirty Years War.

     

There were frequently cases when only a minority of the population survived, the vast majority being piteously massacred.


These events and their like should be borne in mind when one considers the vicissitudes of any particular racial or religious minority. The scarlet of Jewish persecution does not stand out on a ground of virginal white." [ROTH, p. 138]

[Source](http://www.amazon.com/The-Wandering-Jews-Joseph-Roth/dp/039332270X)

If you'd like to know more, this might make a great question for the gentlemen at /r/AskHistorians.  




  Ghost Rider is back at Marvel

After Sony's two sorry attempts with the franchise, I'm not surprised. 




 Really? Because their movie track records aren't that great.

_________________________________________

***GHOST RIDER MOVIES***

Ghost Rider: Shitty

Ghost Rider 2: Shittier

***HULK MOVIES***

Hulk: So shitty it forced a reboot.

The Incredible Hulk: Not bad.

***WOLVERINE MOVIES***

X-Men Orgins: Wolverine: Terrible

The Wolverine: Not bad.

***SPIDER-MAN MOVIES***

Spider-Man: Very good.

Spider-Man 2: Even better.

Spider-Man 3: So shitty it forced a reboot.

Amazing Spider-Man: Not that amazing.

Amazing Spider-Man 2: So shitty it forced a reboot.

___________________________________________

On the other hand, the two Fantastic Four movies so far were shitty and so shitty it forced a reboot, so it'd be hard to be worse.

Too bad the characters are owned by three different companies.

______________________________________

Sony: Ghost Rider   Spider-Man

Fox: Wolverine

Marvel: Hulk 




 Pretty sure *all* of them aren't; 31 presidents served only in peace time. 




 I doubt it. I just took the test a second time answering the opposite of everything I believe and got 99% Rich Santorum. 




 Bernie Sanders: 92%

Hillary Clinton: 78%

Martin O'Malley: 67%

Mike Huckabee: 58%

Rand Paul: 54% 




 Ah yes, where the only point to reading was reduced to finding "symbolism." High school made me think the mark of a great writer was some genius level ability to bury symbolism throughout their writing for people clever enough to dig up. Turns out that's a bunch of bollocks and most acclaimed writers don't even try to do that; they just write compelling stories.  




 Yup. He trained and practiced to be in peak physical condition and spent countless hours perfecting his craft. "Awesome" pretty well describes him and his talents, all of which are perfectly within "natural" and thereby scientifically explainable parameters. Anyone trying to attribute mysticism and otherworldly attributes is doing so needlessly, and it takes away from the skill, dedication, and talent of the man himself. 




 You're right. I copy/pasted that from the Wikipedia article I linked at the bottom, but here's a Wikipedia article on [Capital punishment in Judaism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capital_punishment_in_Judaism) which includes even your molten lead thing.

 




 No made a "huge deal" and being corrected is how people learn. 




  abjectly good

That's not a thing. "Abject" is always negativeit is a modifier that means "hopeless," not "extreme." You can't have "abject good" unless you're being purposefully paradoxical, i.e., ironic. 




 Your point is taken and well made, but /u/djeijdowq is right so far as Jewish interpretation is concerned. The Talmud interprets the verses referring to "an eye for an eye" and similar expressions as mandating *monetary* compensation in tort cases and argues against the interpretations by Sadducees that the Bible verses refer to physical retaliation in kind, using the argument that such an interpretation would be inapplicable to blind or eyeless offenders. Since the Torah requires that penalties be universally applicable, the phrase cannot be interpreted in this manner. 

Since there is no form of punishment in the Torah that calls for the maiming of an offender, there is no case that could possibly be punished by the court injuring to his eye, tooth, hand, foot, etc.

The Talmud discusses the concept of justice as measure-for-measure retribution (middah k'neged middah) in the context of divinely implemented justice. Regarding reciprocal justice by court, however, the Torah states that punishments serve to remove dangerous elements from society ("and you shall eliminate the evil from your midst") and to deter potential criminals from violating the law ("And the rest shall hear and be daunted, and they shall no longer commit anything like this evil deed in your midst"). Additionally, reciprocal justice in tort cases serves to compensate the victim (see above).

The ideal of vengeance for the sake of assuaging the distress of the victim plays no role in the Torah's conception of court justice, as victims are cautioned against even hating or bearing a grudge against those who have harmed them. The Torah makes no distinction between whether the potential object of hatred or a grudge has been brought to justice, and all people are taught to love their fellow human beings.

[Eye for an Eye](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye_for_an_eye#Talmud) 




 No. Despite some vague understanding of how diseases could spread, the existence of viruses and bacteria was unknown in medieval times, and the outbreak of disease could not be scientifically explained. Any sudden deterioration of health was often blamed on poisoning. Europe was hit by several waves of Black Death (often identified as bubonic plague) throughout the late Middle Ages. Crowded cities were especially hard hit by the disease, with death tolls as high as 50% of the population. In their distress, emotionally distraught survivors searched desperately for an explanation. The city-dwelling Jews of the Middle Ages, living in walled-up, segregated ghetto districts, aroused suspicion. An outbreak of plague thus became the trigger for Black Death persecutions, with hundreds of Jews burned at the stake, or rounded up in synagogues and private houses that were then set aflame. With the decline of plague in Europe, these accusations lessened, but the term "well-poisoning" remains a loaded one that continues to crop up even today among anti-Semites around the world.

Walter Laqueur writes in his book The Changing Face of Anti-Semitism: From Ancient Times to the Present Day:

There were no mass attacks against "Jewish poisoners" after the period of the Black Death, but the accusation became part and parcel of antisemitic dogma and language. It appeared again in early 1953 in the form of the "doctors' plot" in Stalin's last days, when hundreds of Jewish physicians in the Soviet Union were arrested and some of them killed on the charge of having caused the death of prominent Communist leaders... Similar charges were made in the 1980s and 1990s in radical Arab nationalist and Muslim fundamentalist propaganda that accused the Jews of spreading AIDS and other infectious diseases.[3]

[Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Well_poisoning) 




 [Here's a lion protecting a calf.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1I9X4-nhxJ4)

[If you want the longer version/full story.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xrgpk8J7F_4)

[Here's one that adopted an antelope.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHBlLKvfzmo)

[Here's one sparing and caring for a baby baboon.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmn31bcYkn4) 




 My only claim is that the world is not what science says it is

What does science say the world is and how is it wrong?  

there are energies that science cannot quantify in any means in accordance to popular theory

Really? Name them and tell me how science gets it wrong.

I'm not a scientist

***GASP!!!***

I am experienced in martial arts and how the transfer of energy can heal.

Martial arts, literally combat practices, are not about healing; they are about self defense, usually by means of causing harm, injury, incapacitation, or even death to a threatening party. It is not about healing, and certainly nothing to do with magical energies. Whatever dojo you're attending that is preaching this nonsense is ripping you off.

My only point is that just because a scientist can't prove it doesn't mean it's wrong in some cases.

Science isn't about proving things. There's hypothesis, evidence, law, and theory, but no credible scientist goes bandying the word "proof" about. Science leaves "proofs" to mathematics and hard liquor.  

Keep an open mind and realize that the world is simply not what the mainstream so violently declares it to be.

What "mainstream" is "violently" declaring the world to be what? You're just writing words. None of this means anything.

 There are a lot of paths in life including more ion tune with natural energy and those more in tune with defined science, but we are nowhere close enough to declare absolutely that one is right and the other is wrong.

The thing about evidence is that it supports the real; there is no disproving a negative. The "paths" you speak of are more accurately described as those who deal in reality and those who prefer fantasy. As to "right and wrong," if you're not hurting anybody, I could not care less what you believe in.

 I don't understand why my view is so violently opposed other than flat out determination to ignore certain things.

I don't think you understand the definition of the word "violent," and if you chose to believe in magical energies, you are the one ignoring certain things, like a burden of proof. 




 I have no idea what you're talking about but I'm interested. 




 I had to scroll this far down to find the most sensible comment on this thread.

Hate to state the obvious here, but we live in a capitalist society in which the film industry and the movie theaters are trying to make money. If the 3D version wasn't more financially rewarding, they wouldn't do it. They're not in business to lose money.

So to all of you bitching about this, vote with your dollars. If you already are, assume that the people who prefer 3D are voting with their dollars too and you're being outvoted. 

Stop trying to force feed us this gimmick format. 

Find me the theater that is forcing anyone to see movies at all, let alone 3D ones. They're making business decisions based on where the money is. If anyone is forcing it, it's the people who like it, who logically are outspending those who don't. 




 This is the correct answer. The cartoon was the only time any such thing happened.

Wikipedia has a nice write-up of the episode:

The Savage Land appeared in some episodes of the X-Men TV series. It served as the location of Mister Sinister's base. A prominent feature about it was a device designed by Sinister that negated the powers of any mutant in the Savage Land save for Sinister's own forces, rendering the X-Men powerless while fighting him (With the exception of Wolverine's claws as they were a 'bonus' of the Weapon X process, although they would thus cause damage to his hands when used) until the machinery was destroyed. Magneto and Professor X spent much of the show's second season trapped in the Savage Land (Xavier's legs having fortunately been restored as a result of the loss of his powers) until Sinister used them as bait to lure the X-Men into a trap in the season finale, Sinister's forces subsequently being defeated when Wolverine escaped capture and teamed up with Ka-Zar to infiltrate the base and defeat Sinister. In "Savage Land, Savage Heart," the X-Men return to the Savage Land to help Ka-Zar and Shanna fight the threat of Garokk. 




 Bruce Lee never claimed such nonsense, no, but /u/zippy1776 did: [link](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/39vzjf/bruce_lees_one_inch_punch_and_six_inch_punch/cs74uzy) 




 Your frustrations are valid. I expect this through most of Reddit, but /r/science should be held to a higher standard. Comments indicating that the commenter didn't actually read the linked article should be removed by mods, but that would mean mods having to read every article and comment, and no one has time for that.

I've also noticed more and more that /r/science threads are just filled with personal anecdotes. You'd think anyone with even a passing interest in science would understand the irony. 




 Nor is your comment, but especially not helpful is people who comment or ask questions without reading the article that is *supposed* to be the subject of discussion here. 




  Does no one read the article?

Welcome to Reddit where comment threads are knee-jerk reactions to titles that aren't the titles of the linked articles and the articles themselves don't matter.  




 You're right; my Chakra has been all out of whack lately, but in my defense, us Geminis are prone to that. 




  it's kind of like how the characters are in kerouac's "on the road" where they were just looking for the next excitement or love affair and there's not really any growth or plot

Another one I didn't find all that exciting and now I'm really getting why. I appreciate the insight and I think I may be well-served by reading a Hemingway biography before delving into more Hemingway, and I may even give The Sun Also Rises another read after all these posts so adeptly defending its merits. 

Also, thank you for the explanation of the title. It's actually quite apt now that you've put it in context.

This really has become my favorite sub precisely because of threads like this. I would have read it, not liked it because I clearly didn't fully understand it, and I would have unfairly written off a classic by a master. Instead I've been given a wealth of knowledge and means by which to better appreciate it.

You've all been wonderful to take the time. Thank you. 




 It took maybe five seconds. No worries. 




 Beating up an almost entirely decomposed corpse would be stretching the definition of the word "fight." 




 And when called out for foolishness, goes right off the "skeptics are closed-minded" deep end.

[Link](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/39vzjf/bruce_lees_one_inch_punch_and_six_inch_punch/cs7hxi2) 




 You're right; science can't explain everything, or, more accurately, the science of everything hasn't been figured out yet, so whenever the scientific knowledge is lacking, we'll say it's mystical energies that did it. 




 [Fine.](http://media.giphy.com/media/GyMQXGx3WMm6Q/giphy.gif) 




 Oh, okay. So this:

ITT: People watching abusive parenting and wanting savagely violent punishment for her.

wasn't pointing out an irony. It was just... what? Pointing out the obvious? You're actually just "saying that people here are largely looking for savage retribution for this woman's abusive behavior."

Well then Captain Hypocrisy,

Congratulations, you pointed out the insanely obvious that even the most dense people can see, I hope you feel smart; maybe one day you can make it to the /r/iamverysmart top page.  




 ITT: The fifty-two millionth Reddit debate over how The Joker looks and quality of the costumes and make-up. 




 Um, yes it is, assuming the people surveyed had a better understanding of what the word "satisfied" means than you do.

satisfied

sadsfd/

adjective

adjective: satisfied


contented; pleased.

"satisfied customers"

All "somewhat" and "very" do is add a degree of scale to the answer, which is "satisfied" either way, just more or less so. Neither could possibly be read as negative by any sensible person who knows what the word means.

It's the difference between saying, "I kind of like it" and "I like it a lot." Either way, you like it. 




 Is anyone here actually learning this for the first time? 

I don't even believe OP learned this today.

Everyone knows this.

Except maybe Scientologists... which Firefox is hilariously telling me isn't a word.

Good on you, Firefox spell check. I wish you were right. 




  DC comics.

The company used to be called Detective Comics, Inc. It is (and has been for a while now) currently DC Comics, Inc., the publishing unit of DC Entertainment, a company of Warner Bros. Entertainment, owned by Time Warner.

The "DC" in "DC Comics" is a reference to Detective Comics, but doesn't actually stand for Detective Comics, if that makes sense. It's not a redundancy to say "DC Comics." Because a division of DC Entertainment, the "Comics" distinguishes the branch as which subsidiary we're talking about. 




 You think 19% of Americans are rich? 




 What do "Somewhat Satisfied" and "Very Satisfied" have in common? 

***SATISFIED***

Poll: Reddit users should migrate to Voat:

Agree strongly: 37%

Agree somewhat: 15%

Agree slightly: 12%

Disagree slightly: 25%

Disagree somewhat: 7%

Disagree strongly: 4%

***Result: 64% agree.***

That is correct.  




 Are we reading the same comment?

I like how you claim to debunk something, and then cite your own bullshit assumptions about how much fucking a kid costs and how much people like to fuck kids. You've basically run the right numbers to convince yourself of your pre-existing bias.

Where does he call anyone a pedophile? 




 [Most folk'll never lose a toe,: But then again, some folk'll: Like Cletus the Slack-Jawed Yokel!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHMWZx7hvJk) 




  this also plays to his "surrender"

Exactly. He knows they (Nazy Germany) won't win in the end and he's calculating his way out. He plays the long con. People who miss this are massively missing out on a vital part of the movie. It's what makes him such an amazing villain. 




 Lauren Faust is the creator of both series, so I wouldn't be surprised either.

I wish her Super Best Friends Forever series would've amounted to more though. My daughter adored it and even has the toys. 




 Some us, like my wife and I, just happen to have a five-year-old girl who is obsessed with My Little Pony and, by virtue of watching it with her, learn the characters, storylines, etc. and find it surprisingly enjoyable. Most cartoons geared to girls her age won't appeal in the least to a 34-year-old man like me.

Then again, I would never call myself "brony" and I certainly don't creepily obsess over it. I do check out /r/mylittlepony and comment from time-to-time though. 




 ***Of course it's obvious*** you thick fuck, which is why your original statement:

ITT: People watching abusive parenting and wanting savagely violent punishment for her.

is so asinine. You're trying to make the point that it's ironic that people in this thread want savage punishment for her abuse of the children, but there's a chasm of difference. It's not the least bit ironic that people who are disgusted by a grown woman's violence against defenseless, innocent children want violent punishment enacted against this horrible woman. 

You don't even get the irony of blasting me for pointing out the obvious that you clearly didn't get.

It's not that *I'm very smart*; your post was very stupid. Get it? 




  Ki and the transfer of energy

Credibility. You have none. 




 People can say anything; proving it is another matter.

Unfortunately, we can't do that, but exactly how many people have been punched by both Bruce Lee and Mike Tyson full force to be able to tell this tale? Has anyone? 




 haha 




 [Like so?](http://i.imgur.com/pKxVgKQ.jpg) 




 [Look closer.](http://i.imgur.com/pKxVgKQ.jpg) 




 Spoiler alert! 




 This is one of the most perfect cosplays I've ever seen. Even her face and expression is ridiculously accurate.  














  An Angler fish isn't anything to write home about, but it had the tools to do the job.

I don't know if you write, but if you do, please find a use for that. 




 Mujaheddin  Al-Qaeda

As /u/justraven has already aptly covered [elsewhere in this thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/39tn60/til_the_2008_film_rambo_provided_a_huge_morale/cs6migs). 




 ***AGAIN***, person who doesn't read, I'm not advocating violence against anyone, nor did I call it justice. I was merely pointing out the sizable difference in violence against defenseless innocent children and violence as punishment against an adult who enacts the violence against children.

Feel free to continue arguing with strawmen. 




 If a badass *must* speech, the speaking must be speech becoming of a badass. 




 [](/a39)

What? Season 8 of Scrubs was great and had an awesome finale! Nothing happened after that.

***NOTHING...*** ***HAPPENED*** 




 Some of get off of the internet occasionally.

When something is posted 16 times in one year, one needn't be on Reddit all day every day to have seen it repeatedly.  




  Jake was "emasculated" in the war. Literally. His "manhood" was, uh, removed. It's barely mentioned in the book

I *so* did not pick up on that.

And I was reading the actual book, not Cliff Notes... 




 It's been posted fifteen times before.

http://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/search?q=patrick+rock restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all 




 Is this sarcasm? Because this is only the sixteenth time this has been posted and reposted.

http://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/search?q=patrick+rock restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all 




 I'm sorry you're getting downvoted. If someone hit my daughter once they wouldn't be able to do it twice. 




 I'm not advocating violence against anyone, but do you seriously not understand the difference between beating defenseless, innocent children and physical retribution against a grown woman who is clearly guilty of assault against children? 




 "This film is dedicated to the gallant people of Afghanistan."

Al-Qaeda  people of Afghanistan 




 By virtue of existing it would already be better than [Predator II](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0100403/?ref_=nv_sr_2) or [Pradators](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1424381/). 




 [](/c23)For my daughter who staunchly believes Derpy is best pony, she could not have gotten a better gift. 




 [](/e22)

I personally loved the episode and would love to see this trend to continue. I would love it if the writers didn't feel tied to every episode focusing on the main six. I'd love for more secondary and even tertiary characters to be fleshed out.

If nothing else, it was brilliant for a hundredth episode. 




 Logically, it would *have* to be...

They should confuse the shit out of people and call it

Rambo II: First Blood Part V 




 I'm surprised this isn't what Sim City looks like these days. 




 [Both are correct.](http://grammarist.com/spelling/ax-axe/) 




 A badass's ass gets less bad for every word they speak. 




 It sure as shit wasn't ["Reach me."](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0959306/?ref_=nm_flmg_act_6) 
























 Fair point. 




 You're seriously like the most helpful Redditor right now... 




  the director thought it was better than having a high schooler

The director doesn't understand the character well enough then. Peter Parker was a bit of a child prodigy, and while he's not quite on the level of Bruce Banner, Tony Stark, Reed Richards, or Charles Xavier, he *is* one of the most intelligent humans in the Marvel Universe.  




  Amazing Spiderman #18, from November of 1964.

So I guess I won't be picking *that* up at my local comic shop... 




 [They Might Be Giants](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsAiCs66l40) 
"Particle Man"

Which is lyrically similar to the old Spider-Man cartoon which started, "Spider-Man, Spider-Man, Does whatever a spider can. Spins a web, any size, Catches thieves just like flies. Look Out! Here comes the Spider-Man!" 




 Technically, the "webs" from the symbiote are just pieces of the symbiote itself which it can regenerate over time. For example, when overextending himself with "webs," Eddie Brock-as-Venom was left partially exposed because there wasn't enough symbiote suit left to completely cover him.

The symbiote learned the composition of Spider-Man's webbing and was able to mimic it

http://spiderman.wikia.com/wiki/Symbiote_Costume 




 Iron Man is secretive about his tech because something on par with the latest Iron Man suits, especially if one used them to equip a small army, could potentially become a global threat, as in a dozen or so Iron Men could seriously take over the world.

A whole army of men with web shooters isn't nearly as dangerous. They have way more non-threatening potential uses than threatening ones. 




 In America, you can buy machine guns, flame throwers, and even a tank. I don't think commercially available web shooters would even be in the top ten of our concerns in terms of citizenry-owned weapons. 




 I don't remember the movie very well, but I'm going by the comics where he definitely invented them. 




  (no pun intended)

[With all due respect...](http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/dont_believe_you_anchorman.gif) 




 That doesn't make it any less useful for any of the applications I listed and more. In fact, its doing so makes it better in some situations. 




 Source?

It's not that I don't believe you; I want to read that/those issue(s). 




 That doesn't make it any less useful in any of the applications I listed. 




 He doesn't drink his web fluid. 




  After about one to two hours, certain imbibed esters cause the solid form of the web fluid to dissolve into a powder.

More on Marvel.com: http://marvel.com/universe/Spider-Man%27s_Web-Shooters#ixzz3fVR3e7a1

So an unscrupulous person would have to get a sample and work fast, but it can be done. 




 In 2004 and for a few years following he had organic web shooters which was probably an attempt to reflect 2002's blockbuster Spider-Man film. I'm not sure what the canon or real-world explanation is, but he went back to the mechanical ones after a few years. 




  It would make it much more difficult to maintain his secret identity between getting paid and IP protection

He could just give the schematics and formula to someone like Tony Stark or Reed Richards, have them patent it, and have their guarantee of the profits or at least a percentage. 




 When everyone has web shooters, no one does... 




  it's not any more than a kid without autism

As someone who worked in a school for children with Autism, many of whom lived on campus because their parents literally could not handle them, I cannot stress strongly enough how incredibly wrong you are.

Most parents don't have to live in fear of being viciously attacked, the acts of self harm, having constant supervision to make sure they don't eat something they're not supposed to, having to physically restrain your child so they don't hurt themselves or others, bolting, or a myriad of other autistic behaviors like low functioning "children" who are near adult age and can't wipe after using the toilet, *if* they make it in the first place.

[Here's one tiny example.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_23z9yJAq0) These parents likely go through this and things like this multiple times a day.

Educate yourself before spewing such wanton ignorance. Such nonsense is a slap in the face to every parent who has had to endure raising a severely autistic child. 




 I can't even begin to imagine all the real world applications that webbing would have, from search and rescue teams, non-lethal force weapons for police and military, mountain climber safety, tracking and capturing wild animals without hurting them... 




  I would never call "That was Then. This is Now" a sequel of "The Outsiders."

*You* wouldn't, and that's fine, but it kind of is. It's got the same setting and even shares a few characters as I recall Ponyboy being directly involved.

You raise an interesting point, though. The concept of a "shared universe." S. E. Hinton does this as does Bret Easton Ellis, and there's got to be a better word for something than "spin-off" or "prequel/sidequel/sequel" for stories that take place in the same universe and may even feature some of the characters but aren't directly related to the other stories. 

For example, both Marvel and DC Comics have numerous shared universes, but this month's issue of Batman isn't necessarily a sequel to this month's issue of Superman even if Batman's issue comes out after Superman's and even takes place chronologically directly after. If one's story doesn't impact the other's, it's not really a sequel, is it? 




 Except that monsters and ghosts are dismissed as obvious hoaxes yet nobody bats an eye at the talking dog... 




 [What makes you say that?](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/1o2s4b/scoobydoo_taught_us_that_the_real_monsters_always/)

[I mean really...](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/1hdsoh/scoobydoo_taught_us_that_the_real_monsters_are/) 




 [Relevant 4chan](http://img.chan4chan.com/img/2009-10-04/1254678005562.png) 




 English Brigadier General here.

John Cleese subtly killing it on Letterman 1988

John Cleese is the subject. "Killing" is the predicate. "It" is the object. "Subtly" is an adverb, i.e., a word describing an action. The only action indicated by the title is "killing (it)," in this context a phrase meaning "entertaining an audience." Therefore, "subtly" is describing the way he is entertaining, which is humour, therefore /u/aperfectly_cromulent is both correct and perfectly cromulent. 




  Better Call Saul is a spin-off of Breaking Bad, not a prequel

It's both.

[Better Call Saul is an American television drama series created by Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould. It is a prequel/spin-off of Breaking Bad](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Better_Call_Saul)

The terms are not mutually-exclusive. If it concerns characters and a "world" from the same series, a spin-off happening before the events of its parent show is a prequel; if the events are after the parent series, it is a sequel. If the shows have an overlapping timeline, then it's a parallel spinoff called a [sidequel.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spin-off_%28media%29) 




 [Leaf Cay, Bahamas.](http://www.funcage.com/blog/celebrity-private-islands)

From article:  In 2006, Nicolas Cage bought the island in the Bahamas for $3 million. Prior to that, the actor has already belonged to a luxury home on a paradise island. leaf cay is a part islands with tropical palm trees, long sandy beaches and freshwater bodies of water. These 40 acres is just a copy of paradise on earth.

 




 Those subs are like release valves so sewage doesn't mix in with the mainline. 




  Do big boys use the clone tool?

Yes, but not too much for this job; most of what's in the original "bottom" layer isn't going anywhere; rather it's a composite photo made by adding more photo elements on layers above and masking them as such to see the layers below it. 




 [This might help.](https://youtu.be/pXl3aAGFHmQ?t=4m21s) 




 Group hate is cathartic, and before you go knocking it, consider the value of like-minded people circle-jerking their hate all over each other until they're sticky with each other's loathing. Sound like something you don't want to participate in or even see? Good. Then it's best they have their own little separate place for it, right?

Personally, I think anyone who wastes their time foaming at the mouth with their burning hatred of fat people is an awful example of a person, but I loved when /r/fatpeoplehate existed because it meant not having to see it spill into every other thread whenever anything remotely connected to the issue is passingly mentioned. 









 I'd like to see [Kofi Siriboe](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm2492243) be the next Blade.  




 Good point all; hadn't thought of any of that.
 




 Wireless Field makes more sense, as does ***Wi***reless-***F***ast ***i***nternet 




 And Hi-Fi is short for "high fidelity," so Wi-Fi would logically be "Wireless Fidelity," which doesn't entirely make sense, but you could stretch the definition of "fidelity" to make it work. 

 




 He was also a French soldier in both World Wars. He was 52 when he voluntarily re-enlisted at his previous rank of Captain for WWII. 

"I was born in France, I have drunk the waters of her culture. I have made her past my own. I breathe freely only in her climate, and I have done my best, with others, to defend her interests." 




 I thought the point of trolling was to prove to the world that you're a sad, pathetic loser with no life. 




 My very first experience of it was trying my step-son's Call of Duty game. Within seconds I was being called a "retarded nigger cunt" by someone with the voice of a prepubescent boy. I was immediately grateful that I grew up in a different generation. 




 The way I've written PhotoShop since version 5, before CS was a thing.

I know it's not correct, but old habits die hard. 




 ctrl+T engages free transform when you're on a layer. 




  It really begs the question when we can expect to see kids behave the way they do behind a screen IRL.

Like kids on X-Box live... 




 It's not even remotely a crappy design. Not everything is designed for print. 




 So you're saying it's his fault for having a YouTube channel? He doesn't get to do something he enjoys just because he's fat? 

The victim isn't to blame and he has every right to have a YouTube channel and make his videos. The problem is the assholes bullying him, not the kid nor his parents. 




 Acknowledging that black people have it harder isn't racist. 




 Not as pretty, but there is [this.](http://www.dummies.com/how-to/content/solidworks-for-dummies-cheat-sheet.html) 




 [Right here.](https://www.iwantcheats.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/white-text-with-black-outline.jpg) 




 You're right; I've just always written it that way. 














 [20 days old repost.](https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/3a8b1g/man_over_board/)

Bold move. Looks to be paying off... 




 For the scene that has been done a million times, it's amazing that an artist can bring something new to the table. The resulting angelic halo is pretty remarkable. 




 I can try to get the original photo to confirm if you're interested. 




 Even the ones that are good... aren't. Like the unified Pixar theory everyone gushes about. What Pixar is actually doing is putting back references and future references (because they plan ahead) in their movies as fun Easter eggs for fans. Instead, people come up with this facacta theory piecing all the completely unrelated movies together as if each is a sequel or prequel to another in a long series, which is obviously not true if you give it an iota of critical thought. 




 It's also exactly like a lot of other weak theories that try to connect a similar actor, like Leonardo DiCaprio's characters from Titanic, Shutter Island, and The Great Gatsby are all the same guy. 




 The photographer/artist wrote the following to go along with the image on Facebook:

Mainers are unflappable. If it snows over two and a half feet, they grab a shovel in the morning so they can continue moving ahead. On Monday night, an estimated 10,000 of them were on hand to gush at the Cross Insurance Arena in Portland, filling every seat and the floor in front of Bernie Sanders who was there to tell his incredibly important story as he turns the struggle of an underdog into an onrushing train, possibly heading for an American presidency. Here is only one of my photos of a crowd, filled with old codgers and young voters. Moore, later!

[Photo shared here with permission.](https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1462132330753822 set=a.1377387502561639.1073741828.100008712063770 type=1 theater notif_t=photo_reply) 









 Coincidentally, I recently read Hemingway's *The Sun Also Rises* which chronicles a trip to the Festival of San Fermn in Pamplona to watch the running of the bulls and the bullfights. I never knew much about bullfights, only that I was against it because of the killing of the bull and using animals for entertainment in general. What I learned was deplorable. Granted, the book takes place at the dawning of the twentieth century, but I was truly appalled. 




 Aside from the way technology can warp a voice, there was a particular standard of pronunciation and stuff called the [Transatlantic Accent](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transatlantic_accent) that was used widely for broadcast and theatre purposes for a long time. It was learned (meaning it didn't belong to a specific area and no one spoke it as their native type of English) and it incorporated aspects of standard American and standard British accents. We still have certain standards for radio voices now but it's more about projecting your voice and speaking clearly, rather than with a certain accent.
 




 [The number of TILs that consist of the length of time between A and B is longer ***THAN*** the time between Y and Z is too damned high.](http://images.bwbx.io/cms/2013-12-09/1209_mcmillan_630x420.jpg) 




  You don't feel that people that are given moderation privilege represent the values of the people that they moderate?

They don't moderate people; they moderate a subreddit/forum. How does someone being a mod make them ipso facto representative of anyone? They're not voted in by users. They're no more representative of the sites users than Dave at the corner store or Sal at the local deli.  




 How was I "hostile?" 




 Thanks for taking the time to thoughtfully reply to my questions. I appreciate it. 




 I can't, but I'd like very much to see such a list. 




 Fascinating. Thank you for taking the time to elaborate. 




 When did The Undertaker become one of Spider-Man's rogues?

[Banner](http://i.imgur.com/eOnNRoQ.jpg)

[WWE's The Undertaker](http://static.dnaindia.com/sites/default/files/2014/09/23/269634-undertaker.jpg) 




  he came back

Of course he did because comics. 




 A wise choice of any headline with the word "could" in it. 

Anything *could* anything. 




  Has every socialist country worked?

Being that you seem to know your history, could you give some examples? 




 Wonder Woman is both royalty and a goddess (demigoddess).  




 In this metaphor, Superman is the god, not Yewah, and not believing in him doesn't mean he doesn't believe he exists. He's not buying into the Superman myth.

The metaphor is that Superman is a god and Batman doesn't believe in him, not that he doesn't exist, but that Batman doesn't believe him to be a god. It's not that Superman believes himself a god either; just that he's thought of as one for obvious reasons. Note the trailer with the statue and the cult of believers. 




 This meme has nothing to do with God or religion. 




 Irrelevant discussions.

1. There have been many, *many* interpretations of Batman in the comics alone. I couldn't begin to list everyone who has ever written the character, then there's the movies, television, animation, video games, etc. He exists in literally hundreds of continuities, canons, etc. The writer dictates their interpretation, and Batman has been portrayed as Christian, but he also been portrayed a non-believer.

2. In this metaphor, Superman is the god, not Yewah, and not believing in him doesn't mean he doesn't believe he exists. He's not buying into the Superman myth. 




 Better yet, read or re-read the graphic novel. 




 Would you happen to know if anyone has made something like this using the graphic novel rather than the movie? 




 I'll mark this as explained. Thank you so much! 









 So this could theoretically work with any cue, but a clicker provides ease-of-use and consistency? 




 I can seriously see this becoming the next great shrooms or acid movie, even though it's a "short." Hell, on DMT, a short could seem like hours... 




 Seems like every professional animal trainer uses these little clicking devices. 




 It's almost as if capitalist nations are hostile to socialist nations for some reason. Could it be because the wealthy are powerful and their wealth is threatened in societies where grossly disproportionate wealth can be regulated? 




 I'm sick to death of this argument against anything I'm in favor of that's even remotely socialist. I'm sure you've all heard it plenty of times as well. 




 So what's the downside of working in government? 




 [You really don't get it.](https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/anecdotal) 




  you can be complacent and it's virtually impossible to be fired

I've always heard this about government jobs, but why is it? 




 Making "God bless America" an expression of irony.

Of course, as is so often discussed on this subreddit, if Christians actually read their Bibles... 




 Seriously. I find it ironic and somewhat distressing that someone with the rationality to arrive at atheism would be irrational enough to think that nationalism is somehow virtuous. One's ethnicity is never earned, therefore, pride in it is illogical. One's nationality is rarely earned, so again...

But don't listen to me; [George Carlin says it better than I ever could.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7O8AI_0F1ts) 




 Thanks for my new Facebook pic and cover. 




 I accidentally watched that thinking it was bullshit. The longer it went on, the more I felt like it might be legit. Then I read the true story about these two psychopaths and I really haven't been right about it since. I hate that I saw what I saw. 




 If you think you can effectively argue with someone who gets their opinions from memes by using facts, statistics, and analysis, you're sadly mistaken. 




 He's been an elected government official since 1981, so yeah, he probably has some idea. 




  despite our medical care being the best

Where in the hell did you get that idea? [U.S. Healthcare Ranked Dead Last Compared To 10 Other Countries](http://www.forbes.com/sites/danmunro/2014/06/16/u-s-healthcare-ranked-dead-last-compared-to-10-other-countries) 




 Maybe they need better employes. 




 That's literally impossible. There are only 195 countries in the world.

I'm all for socialized medicine, but hyperbolic nonsense doesn't help the cause. 




 Not for people who can't afford it. 




 If anyone wants to check out the comments from previous times this has been posted:

https://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/2a77p9/door_knob_design_that_gives_you_a_fish_eye_view/

https://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/2rs2ww/door_knob_acts_as_portal_to_see_who_is_occupying/ 




 Yeah, but from a business standpoint, you don't end a show that continues to make ridiculous amounts of money from TV ratings, DVD sales, syndication, merchandise, etc., and in spite of what people love to harp on, they're not out of ideas. 




 It's really the only thing that would make sense considering the multiple birthdays, holidays, presidencies, and origin stories from different decades without anyone ever aging. They'd logically have to be stuck in some sort of bizarre time anomaly.  




  Their skin will be all peach-colored

Except people of [African](http://www.gunaxin.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/Carl_Carlson-173x300.png) or [Indian](http://blogs.evergreen.edu/popculture14/files/2014/02/apuflag.gif) descent. 

They'll stay the same color. 




 Expressions on the mask, Mark Hamill's Joker, comic book references (Jason Todd's crowbar massacre was a nice touch), fourth wall breaking, absurdist Deadpool imagination sequence, and a perfect ending. Couldn't ask for much more.

And it was the perfect ending. I'm primarily a DC guy, a lifelong Batman fanboy, and The Joker   Harley Quinn are two of my favorite villains, but c'mon; Deadpool   Domino would clearly win that fight. 




 Expressions on the mask, Mark Hamill's Joker, comic book references (Jason Todd's crowbar massacre was a nice touch), fourth wall breaking, absurdist Deadpool imagination sequence, and a perfect ending. Couldn't ask for much more. 




 Expressions on the mask, Mark Hamill's Joker, comic book references (Jason Todd's crowbar massacre was a nice touch), fourth wall breaking, absurdist Deadpool imagination sequence, and a perfect ending. Couldn't ask for much more. 




 Expressions on the mask, Mark Hamill's Joker, comic book references (Jason Todd's crowbar massacre was a nice touch), fourth wall breaking, absurdist Deadpool imagination sequence, and a perfect ending. Couldn't ask for much more. 




 Expressions on the mask, Mark Hamill's Joker, comic book references (Jason Todd's crowbar massacre was a nice touch), fourth wall breaking, absurdist Deadpool imagination sequence, and a perfect ending. Couldn't ask for much more. 




 I only drink Crystal from Pepsi.

Life has been hard since 1993... 




 And even if it was all about straight lines, in order for this to work, you have to be able to accurately shoot in a straight line. 




 There should be a way to stop that shit from showing up on the feed. Honestly, I don't even know why people post it. Yes, I am aware that animals get abused from pets to livestock to forest animals. Me seeing it doesn't help alleviate the problem. It just makes me sick and increases my already-unhealthy dislike of humanity in general. 




  children are not adults and that Gale thinks they therefore can't give consent

That's what a ***NON*** pedophile thinks. A pedophile would either insist that a child *can* consent to sexual relations with an adult or is depraved enough to not care. 




 I like how I had a source to back my claim along with the anecdote, but you dismiss that entirely because of your own anecdote and complete lack of any source. I provided statistics; I didn't make them up, and this I said/you said exchange of anecdotes illustrates perfectly why anecdotes are not evidence.

Here's the [Native Indian Resource Center.](http://aircinc.org/)

[American Indian Resource Directory](http://www.nacdi.org/tasks/sites/default/assets/File/Resource_Directory_Lo_Res.pdf)

[American Indian Library Association](http://ailanet.org/resources/)

I'm sure you've heard of the governing body of native peoples, The [Bureau of Indian Affairs](http://www.bia.gov)

Note the word ***INDIAN***. I can do this all day.

And how many native peoples have you actually met and talked to? I'm curious myself as an Indian, Moche tribe.

I'll repeat, as of 1995, according to the [US Census Bureau, 50% of people who identified as indigenous preferred the term American Indian, 37% preferred Native American, and the remainder preferred other terms or had no preference.](http://www.census.gov/prod/2/gen/96arc/ivatuck.pdf) You may well have met all 37% of the total number of native peoples who prefer "Native American," and that's dandy, but it does not argue my point that the term "Indian" is not offensive to most Indians. You've done nothing to disprove that point. 




 I expect we'll get it, and to be fair, the first actual DC Cinematic Universe movie was Man of Steel and is so far the *only* DC Cinematic Universe movie. Everything prior was its own separate canon. 

That being said, I don't consider Man of Steel dark or brooding; it was simply as realistic and grounded as a Superman movie could possibly be. It was also made specifically as the set-up for Batman V Superman, which itself is the set-up for Justice League, so I consider it groundwork-laying more than a great narrative in and of itself. In other words, I don't think Man of Steel can be judged fairly until we better understand how it fits with the larger narrative.

If anything could be taken away from that film as the WB approach to comic book movies, it's doing them in such a way as to ask, "What if this was actually happened in real life?" whereas Marvel tends to more openly embrace the most comic book-y elements apologetically. 

Naturally, some people prefer one method more than the other. I personally like both for different reasons, but I do solidly believe that Spider-Man 3 and Amazing Spider-Man 2 both managed to kill their respective franchises for the same reason; they were too over-the-top stupid for their own good.

You can definitely go too far in either direction.  




 Someone should notify Thailand's tourism industry that some people apparently hear "Thailand" and immediately think "pedophile." 

I'd like to think I could vacation in Phuket without arousing suspicions that I'm a pedophile. 




 I find it weird that OP thinks using the phrase "consenting adults" is a strange thing to say, or even worse, suggests pedophilia. I've used that phrase about a million times when defending my position on same-sex marriage, as in I don't care what consenting adults do so long as they're not hurting anyone. 

WTF does "consenting adults" have to do with pedophilia? 




 Right, this theory is ignoring the fact that Gus paid for this man's education and paid him well. Combine feeling like you owe somebody with the Libertarian philosophy and you've got all the explanation you need.

Pedophile is a stretch. 




 I know how you feel. One risky click and I saw something I wish I'd never seen and it's like it's burned into my retinas or my brain. It's the kind of thing that makes me want to kill people. Well, certain types of people anyway... 




 Also, the Thai subtitles on the video are consistent with Gale's music choices which are demonstrative of his idiosyncratic and peculiar personality. He is a fan of foreign language music and apparently speaks fluent Italian. As an example, as he waters his plants in his apartment, he sings along with Quartetto Cetra's "Crapa Pelada." A jazzy song, the Italian lyrics of Crapa Pelada are a bit of a tongue-twister because of its incredibly fast tempo. 

So I find it perfectly believable that on a trip to Thailand, Gale created a film version of himself performing a camp karaoke version of Peter Schilling's "Major Tom (Coming Home)." He also had a picture of himself on Mt. Everest which is less than 3,000 miles away. 

Other possessions in his apartment included vintage cameras, a mask, a potato battery, a water pipe, a copy of Stephen King's *Everything's Eventual*, Jane Austen in *BOCA*, The Waverley Novels, *The Magnificent Activist: The Writing of Thomas Wentworth Higginson*, and *Fundamentals of Marxism Leninism*, which is odd for a Libertarian. His apartment also contains a pair of skis and a surfboard. He enjoyed drinking both coffee and tea. In Gales Lab Notes, along with the Heisenberg formula, he included a list of top ten recumbent bikes, a recipe for vegan s'mores, indoor composting tips, and a Far Side cartoon where the scientist is about to pop a paper bag behind the one working on the nuclear warhead. 

I'm not seeing anything that suggest pedophile. 




  I'm pretty sure Gale is presented as a hardcore libertarian

[He straight up refers to himself as such](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3bWEP0QDx8) before OP's line about consenting adults wanting what they want. 




 Dat method acting... 




 Fun facts (for anyone wondering):

The T. Rex comes from an adventure on "Dinosaur Island" (Batman #35, 1946); the penny was originally a trophy from Batman's encounter with a penny-obsessed villain named the Penny Plunderer (World's Finest Comics #30, 1947). Other "keepsakes" in the cave come from "The Thousand and One Trophies of Batman!" (Detective Comics #158, 1950). These three stories were reprinted in Batman #256.

Other pieces often shown in the Batcave include Two-Face's original coin, one of Deathstroke's swords, the shroud of the vampiric Monk, and over-sized ten-pins.

He has also had Fries' original freeze gun, a piece of Kryptonite, and old partner costumes.  




 If you like brightly-colored, jokey, fast-paced, explosion-filed punch-festivals with thin plots and nothing to have to think too hard about, Marvel movies exist. They're great, entertaining popcorn superhero flicks.

There's no point in having two different brands if they're just going to make the same movies.

I like the darker, more serious, more thoughtful tone of DC's movies. I'd rather watch The Dark Knight 100x than see Age of Ultron a second. 

My favorite ice cream is cookies   cream, but I'm sure glad there's a variety at the store so other people can get what *they* like. 




 The GIF doesn't even do the kid justice.

[Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvh8JvqU8o8)

Kid's got style, moves, and swag for eons. 




 Being against racism isn't politics. 




 So by that logic, we could have a team called the Washington Slaves and use a strong, black cotton-picker in chains as the mascot and that would be okay because it's honoring the mighty, hard-working negro slave of American history, not the modern day black American.  




 Their mascot is offensive, and you could argue that naming a team after a ethnic group at all is in poor taste, but "redskins" is a racial slur whereas "Indians," though an obvious misnomer, is still popularly used by Native Americans and non-Native Americans alike.

In fact, as of 1995, according to the [US Census Bureau, 50% of people who identified as indigenous preferred the term American Indian, 37% preferred Native American, and the remainder preferred other terms or had no preference.](http://www.census.gov/prod/2/gen/96arc/ivatuck.pdf) It may have changed in the past 20 years, but I can't recall ever once hearing American Indians refer to themselves as "Native American." 




 I know you're being sarcastic, but if enough people of Scandinavian descent felt that way I'd be all for changing their mascot as well.

I'm one of those lunatic liberals who thinks real people are more important than sports iconography.  




 And why do people think addressing a small, easily handled issue means he/his administration aren't actively handling bigger, more complex issues? It takes a minute to make a statement like this. Meanwhile, dealing with shit like ISIS is ongoing. 




 [Cell phone tower in Estonia.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3139218/I-ve-wanted-TV-Teenagers-pose-stomach-churning-selfies-600ft-television-tower-Estonia.html)

[Link includes the original video.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3139218/I-ve-wanted-TV-Teenagers-pose-stomach-churning-selfies-600ft-television-tower-Estonia.html#v-4320962707001) 




 [Cell phone tower in Estonia.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3139218/I-ve-wanted-TV-Teenagers-pose-stomach-churning-selfies-600ft-television-tower-Estonia.html) 




 That's not true at all. This man has enormous balls which provide both weight and balance. It would take strong gale force winds to blow this man off balance. 




 She played "Disgust" quite well in Inside Out. 




 American here; I've been spelling it "grey" my whole life, it's my favorite color, and my daughter's middle name. 




 I had to check IMDb to see if this was a joke or not.

It's sad how totally believable that was... 




 There are scores of subs dedicated entirely to Reddit hating itself.

For example:

/r/circlejerk 

/r/Negareddit  




 [Fun fact: Howard Hughes is also the inspiration for Marvel's Tony Stark AKA Iron Man.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iron_Man#Premiere) 




 Good. Give me more reasons to love Noel. 




 Definitely wasn't talking about professional food photography, but rather the type of photography [Instagram is synonymous with](http://editorial.designtaxi.com/news-instamenu1610/6.jpeg).

Food photography can be excellent, but it's beyond clich these days to take a cell phone pic of your food even when it isn't visually interesting.  




 Reminds me of what Dylan said about Hendrix' version of "All Along The Watchtower."

Dylan has described his reaction to hearing Hendrix's version: "It overwhelmed me, really. He had such talent, he could find things inside a song and vigorously develop them. He found things that other people wouldn't think of finding in there. He probably improved upon it by the spaces he was using. I took license with the song from his version, actually, and continue to do it to this day." 

In the booklet accompanying his Biograph album, Dylan said: "I liked Jimi Hendrix's record of this and ever since he died I've been doing it that way... Strange how when I sing it, I always feel it's a tribute to him in some kind of way." 




 It is an American thing. As an American I would say Jason Alexander played George *on* Seinfeld; he was also *in* Pretty Woman. 




 "The first time [Nintendo's lead game designer Shigeru Miyamoto] played with the controller, because hes working most of the time on Mario 64, he would have seen Mario 64 with it. It wasnt so much that controller dictated Mario 64, it was just that was the game he was working on. Mario was the way of testing it out. Probably more the other way around. The actual movement of Mario came from the N64 controller, the way you move the central stick."

 Giles Goddard, Super Mario 64 programmer

[Source](http://pixelatron.com/blog/the-making-of-super-mario-64-full-giles-goddard-interview-ngc)

"I think thats a misnomer to say that the N64 controller was designed around Super Mario 64. Yes, Mr. Miyamoto wanted analog control because he had a vision of how he wanted that game to work, but the controller wasnt designed specifically for one game."

 Jim Merrick, Technical Director at Nintendo

[Source](https://dromble.wordpress.com/2014/01/07/dolphin-tale-story-of-gamecube/) 




 Good to know I was wrong, but understandably wrong. It hurts my ego less.

For an amateur you've got quite a collection of stunning photography. I really enjoyed browsing your work. Thank you for sharing. 




 The ones that are even true.

Robert Drew: The state refuses to admit they made a mistakeIm ready if it comes to it.  As Ive said before, I love Jesus Christ, but Im in no hurry to meet him, said Drew as his last words.

Source: http://murderpedia.org/male.D/d1/drew-robert-nelson.htm

Clarence Ray Allen: Allen wrote in his final statement, which was read immediately following the execution, "My last words will be 'It's a good day to die. Thank you very much. I love you all. Goodbye.'"

Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clarence_Ray_Allen

Robert ***Towery*** (correct spelling: Before he died, Towery broke down in tears, apologised to Jones's family and his own family, and said his life had been one mistake after another.

'I would like to apologize to Mark's family and friends for what I did to them. I would like to apologize to my family,' Towery said.

'So many times in my life I went left when I should have gone right and I went right when I should have gone left. It was mistake after mistake.'

According to the Arizona Republic, he looked at his family and began crying, before adding: 'I love my family. Potato, potato, potato.'

Source: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2112269/Robert-Charles-Towery-weeps-apologises-family-death-killing-Mark-Jones-Arizona.html#ixzz3eVpSlZcW

That's just the first three I decided to fact check. 




 I'm not going to fact check all of these, and some of them I know are correct, but I was baffled by Clarence Ray Allen's and Wikipedia says:

Allen wrote in his final statement, which was read immediately following the execution, "My last words will be 'It's a good day to die. Thank you very much. I love you all. Goodbye.'"

None of this "hoka hey" nonsense. 




 They're not all the same.

https://www.charitywatch.org/home

[Save The Children spends $8 to raise $100 and 89% of its money directly on the cause. That's exceedingly good.](https://www.charitywatch.org/ratings-and-metrics/save-the-children/175)



 




 Also important: http://www.savethechildren.org/faf/home/default.asp?ievent=1091398

The website for information on how to actually help.

US: Text SYRIA to 20222 to donate $5

UK: Text SYRIA to 70008 to donate 5 




 http://www.savethechildren.org/faf/home/default.asp?ievent=1091398 




 http://www.savethechildren.org/faf/home/default.asp?ievent=1091398 




 http://www.savethechildren.org/faf/home/default.asp?ievent=1091398 




 http://www.savethechildren.org/faf/home/default.asp?ievent=1091398 




 http://www.savethechildren.org/faf/home/default.asp?ievent=1091398 




 If you actually want to help: http://www.savethechildren.org/faf/home/default.asp?ievent=1091398 









 I believe the kids are calling them "selfies" these days. 




  mute swans

As opposed to talking swans? Or am I just stupid and that's a species of swan? 




 I want to believe you use bodily fluids as adjectives with worrying frequency. 




 [Googled it and it's legit](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/5f/06/a1/5f06a19181a2f2499c93b92de6a8ebd2.jpg), but it's new to me too. I'm generally more used to the baby soles by themselves or being held by the mother or both parents. 




 Even I hated sunsets with water, this shot is amazing! It looks like someone dropped a bunch of giant mirrors all over the earth or it's a bunch of window panes.

Warning: clicking right or left on this picture leads to more pictures, and they are consistently awesome.

Did I see Mt. Fuji? 




 That's how you can do it, but what's the motivation? 




 [You take that back!](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-oqS1bzLUaN4/U5kWgwYuJiI/AAAAAAAAM0w/wO2qGEtl4hk/s1600/j-j-abrams-lens-flare_thumb%5B2%5D.jpg) 




 [I'm so happy to help.](http://i.imgur.com/68bzKBh.gif) 




 ...and I've subscribed to a new sub. 




 [Okay...](http://i2.wp.com/37.media.tumblr.com/f4e2842aa1a4f376ef8f3b4c7d16a74f/tumblr_mqudxwLxV81rcoly3o1_500.gif?resize=480%2C251) 




  I stand firmly against railroad tracks because I have never seen them not look corny with a not conductor.

Have you tried [pumping up the HDR?](http://khongthe.com/wallpapers/architecture/north-bound-track-208528.jpg) That fixes everything. 




 Slow shutter speed river was literally one of the first pictures I ever took with my new DSLR and I was way too excited to do it. 




 There's a subreddit for that because of course there is.

/r/fence 

/r/FencePorn  




 [Depends on the fence?](http://inhabitat.com/tejo-remys-playground-fence) 




 You know the ones. They're not "wrong;" they're just overdone.

My top 5?

1. Hands making a heart shape.

2. Photographer's bare feet with view of wherever they are on vacation or hiked to or whatever.

3. Subject on railroad tracks.

4. Holding up the Leaning Tower of Pisa. 

5. Food. 




  Jerusalem cruisers

I've never heard that one before, but from now on, I'm carrying that torch. 




  this level of ben-day dots typical of '85 comics

Not typical of the Marvel comics prints, but of newspaper print, which this was trying to emulate, i.e., the Sunday funnies. 




 To be fair, people who *love* drawing feet are kind of weird... 




 One must admire [his consistency.](http://unrealitymag.bcmediagroup.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/rob-liefeld14.jpg) 




 Google alert is a good idea. I'm just surprised when there's a website out there for damned near everything there's nothing for a comedy release schedule. 




 It says 69 for me. I don't know why you're seeing 79. 




 Same here. How are people seeing different numbers? 




 For example, there are websites I go to for keeping up with movie and music releases. I'm having trouble finding anything anywhere that does the same with standup comedy specials. 




 100% correct. X-Force goes into one of the many post-apocalyptic futures in circulation and run into Deadpool. 




 too op pls nerf 




  His change throughout the first book is for the better. He's grown above what society made him and become what society could be.

The only part I would argue is that I believe he was *always* better. From the outset he knows he's being manipulated and hates it. From the very first violent encounter, he doesn't want to hurt anyone, and of course, the people watching his every move *could* intervene, but they don't, and this recurs three more times.

When he's at the lake and Valentine visits, he's done. He's had it with everyone's shit and she has to talk him into saving a world he's not convinced is worth saving. He sees the military that's been manipulating him as his real enemy and refers to them as such. He always doubted that he was on the right side and never felt in control. Valentine later confirms this on Eros telling him that no one is really in control of their own destiny and that she has manipulated him and was manipulated herself.

The end of the book proves what he suspected all along and also proves that he has always wanted to do the right thing and will search the galaxy to do so. The bugger queen obviously knew he was pure of heart or she wouldn't have created the elaborate set-up for her infant queen based on what she saw in Ender's mind.

I see the story as being about an inherently good person who is too powerful a tool not to be misused. He's like some well-intentioned nuclear warhead that doesn't mean anyone any harm. 




  The follow up books are a thought exercise. A philosophical rambling

I've been known to enjoy those things as well... 




 From the moment the character was introduced I liked Bean and wanted more. Knowing that the Shadow series follows him, I'm definitely interested. 




 This is the 25th time. 




  they gave away the big twist pretty early in the movie

That's unconscionable! My jaw dropped when the book got there and I thought it was especially clever because I expected 

***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** 

the remaining pages to be filled with the *real* battle. I thought it was clever to leave so many pages toward the end of the book for exactly that reason so I never saw it coming. I wouldn't imagine the end would have nearly so much impact if that were revealed early-on. 




 I would have felt that way, but I thought they did a good job of trying to justify everything by the end of it, revealing motivations, weighing what "doing the right thing" actually meant, 

***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS***

finding out that the buggers not only weren't evil, but they were never even going to mount a third invasion because they realized they were fighting sentient life and would extend forgiveness and hope to be forgiven; they had no way of knowing.

Earlier parts of the book hinted that they might have just been wanting for a means of communication. Ender I think was likeable and did have a sense of morality in that he tried to understand and love them--he even used those words--and was used as a tool against them. He didn't even know he was killing them when he did. Hell, he never knew he was killing anybody at the time when he did. He felt bad about things. He was a good kid with a ton of talent who was used. So was Valentine. Disagree with Graff all day, but he thought he either was doing the right thing or else at least believed he was doing whatever was necessary. 

As to why anyone was worth saving, Valentine speaks to that best of all when she's telling Ender that it's all these individual lives and relationships throughout the earth that they don't even know. The reader knows, because we're them. We're just regular people trying to live our little lives while psychopaths vie for power and risk the lives of everyone on earth over money, land, power, etc. On that note, I found it very relatable. Change the existential threats, rework the politics a skosh, and scale down the technology a little and you've got a fairly apt parable of what goes on in the real world today. 




 I still cannot believe how utterly enthralled I was during every battle session and even practice sessions... and there were so many! You'd think they'd get tiresome, but nope. 

Also, in terms of a few "holy shit" moments that didn't seem the least bit gimmicky, I've read few books that pulled it off so effortlessly. 

I could say more, but I don't want to spoil it for anyone. 




 I had never even considered that the username is like "brand" and that multiple people may have the login/password to post as such. Thank you for the perspective. You must be right or else the work would be like a full-time job. 




 5/5: All I asked was that it live up the hype. It did. For those of you who haven't read it, the less you know about it, the better.

Apparently there are fifteen sequels, which kind of blows my mind. Reading them would put off reading much else for a while, so if anyone can speak to the quality of the sequels, please do inform.

I'm now kind of curious to see the movie, but after looking at IMDb and RT ratings, I'm not sure I want this experienced ruined by a shitty adaptation. Any thoughts from those who have read the book AND seen the movie?

**EDIT**: Thank you for all the helpful responses! 

**EDIT** 2: I can't respond to nearly 2,000 comments, but I *am* reading them all. Thank you so much! This is why /r/books is my favorite sub! 




 The only time I see that as being appropriate is if a women's sub outright asks a question like, "Men of Reddit; what turns you off on a first date?" or "My husband is being unusually quiet; should I be worried?" that would make total sense for men to answer.

Personally, I wouldn't be in a sub called /r/TwoXChromosomes to begin thanks to my pronounced "Y." 




 Ah. I never use /r/all, just front page so only my subscriptions show. I've unsubscribed to anything that isn't relevant to my interests, and I guess I just assumed others do too. 




 So a major player like Yify for example. Where does he get all his movies, TV shows, etc. from in the first place? Surely he's not buying them all. Then the time it takes to rip everything in varying levels of quality, upload them... it seems like a huge investment of time for some of the bigger names out there. This is all just done out of the kindness of their hearts? 




 [Two weeks ago.](http://globalnation.inquirer.net/124580/more-high-traffic-pirate-sites-sued-shut-down-by-abs-cbn) 




 Seems lot a lot of work and risk for no reward. 




 No, it will mean we've innovated ourselves out of needless labor. 




 This really deserves to be higher. These aren't even emotions; they're thoughts. There is a difference. There are only six or seven emotions at the most, and even those can be reduced to four core emotions:

1. Anger/Disgust

2. Fear/Surprise

3. Joy

4. Sadness

"The realization that each passerby has a life as vivid and complex as your own" isn't an emotion; it's a epiphany or a passing thought. 




 I'm with you. I used to hate playing with shitty Brian Gagnon because his controller had "turbo" buttons and he'd just sit there turbo punching and fucking up my day. 
























 There might be clues in the comments:


title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[You're welcome dude](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3e02dh/youre_welcome_dude/) | 1239 | 21^hrs | funny | 19
[Bad luck Brian and socially awkward penguin cross the street](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1ij0jp/bad_luck_brian_and_socially_awkward_penguin_cross/) ^**B** | 28 | 2^yrs | funny | 4
[A helping hand.](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/1okdrg/a_helping_hand/) ^**B** | 1410 | 1^yr | WTF | 103
[Dude, watch out, there's a car coming.](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1j7ny3/dude_watch_out_theres_a_car_coming/) ^**B** | 13 | 1^yr | funny | 3
[Good Friend](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1i64mz/good_friend/) ^**B** | 40 | 2^yrs | gifs | 5
[Good friend.](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/1i15er/good_friend/) ^**B** | 12 | 2^yrs | WTF | 6
[look left and right before crossing the street...](http://www.reddit.com/r/Unexpected/comments/1hu3j1/look_left_and_right_before_crossing_the_street/) ^**B** | 381 | 2^yrs | Unexpected | 13
[Jaywalking](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1htqof/jaywalking/) ^**B** | 2300 | 2^yrs | funny | 423
[With friends like this.....](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2qximb/with_friends_like_this/) ^**B** | 3236 | 6^mos | gifs | 135
[Now Let's GO !!](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/22f06j/now_lets_go/) ^**B** | 338 | 1^yr | WTF | 21
[How reddit works.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2snshu/how_reddit_works/) ^**B** | 33 | 6^mos | gifs | 1

Here's the source video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMugV0212r0

Here's an interesting capture of the hit: https://i.imgur.com/XuSR9u9.png

It's from an Azerbaijani film. 




 [Quick! Catch it!](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/992/407/776.jpg) 




 I'd like one.

(   ) 









 The good news is that the science is impossible for any reasonable person to deny, and Arnold is just one of a growing sea change in the Republican party; [they *are* coming around.](http://environment.yale.edu/climate-communication/article/not-all-republicans-think-alike-about-global-warming/) 




 I'm with you because you came to the right conclusion, but you got there the wrong way, both anecdotal and mistaking weather for climate. 

Weather is obviously an effect of climate and affected *by* climate, but weather  climate. 

I'm only cautioning this kind of statement because someone like me, a New Englander, can point to our horrendous 2014/2015 winter and say, "See? Climate change isn't real because it was really cold and snowed a lot." 




 Yeah. 20,000 years ago the temperature was some 8 to 10 C colder than it is today. But to draw a line from that point to today and say, "look, 20K years of global warming!" is dubious and arbitrary at best.

If you have look at [this graph of temperature](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:Holocene_Temperature_Variations.png), starting at a point when we were finishing the climb out of deep glaciation, you can clearly see that rapid warming ceased around 10,000 years ago (rapid relative to natural fluctuations, but not compared to the warming today, which is an order of magnitude faster). After a final little lift 8,000 years ago, temperature trended downward for the entire period of the Holocene. So the post-industrial revolution warming is the reversal of a many-thousand-year trend.

A closer look at [todays trend](http://data.giss.nasa.gov/gistemp/), within the context of the last [1,000](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:1000_Year_Temperature_Comparison.png) and [2,000](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:2000_Year_Temperature_Comparison.png) years, makes it even clearer that todays trend is striking  opposite to what one would expect without anthropogenic interference.

If you really want to play the global warming started X years ago game, you should talk about how were reversing a [5-million-year cooling trend](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:Five_Myr_Climate_Change.png)  or go crazy and track global temperatures right back to the origins of the planet! Not that thered be much point

Fifty-five million years ago, a 5-degree Celsius rise in average global temperatures seems to have occurred in just 13 years, according to [a study published in the October 2013 issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences](http://phys.org/news/2013-10-climate-geological-instant.html). [A report in the August 2013 issue of Science revealed that in the near term, earth's climate will change 10 times faster than during any other moment in the last 65 million years.](http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2013/08/130801142420.htm)

But I'm sure you know better than the overwhelming consensus of the world's climate scientists. Those guys don't know dick and you seem to have it all figured out. Bravo. 




 The OP concerns what Arnold Schwarzenegger is saying, which is news/relevant because it's coming from a well-known Republican figurehead that is extremely popular on Reddit.

I could have chosen from roughly 50 sources; they all repeat what Arnold Schwarzenegger said verbatim or otherwise give excerpts. The source doesn't matter much when it comes to quoting what Arnold Schwarzenegger has to say.

Quoting Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't a big deal and the source is basically irrelevant. Dismissing climate change or its level of seriousness as "science fiction" warrants a source better than almost all the world's climate scientists' consensus on the matter.

The Cato Institute ain't it. 




 Oh, good. The Cato Institute is your source. That's a good source because they have no political lean in one direction or the other and are therefore completely unbiased. /s 




 [Yeah, but...](http://i.imgur.com/vKgcw.gif) 




  It's just that so many of the Conservative politicians are in the pockets of Oil and Gas interests.

Exactly. We're talking about big oil, subsidized to the tune of $10 billion to $52 billion annually in spite of [record profits.](http://abcnews.go.com/Business/story?id=5503955)

[Here's an article](http://qctimes.com/news/opinion/mailbag/big-oil-profits-from-climate-change-denial/article_35aac953-e4fd-5148-a5a1-72e97539b11a.html) on how much big oil profits from climate change denial. 




 No argument there; I'm just saying I doubt there just happen to be a whole lot of pro-business Republicans/conservatives who deny climate change because they actually don't believe climate scientists whose job it is to know these things. 




 Fair point, but my statement stands. Politicians who deny climate science are doing it because ignoring climate change is good for business.

Industries that profit directly or indirectly from fossil fuel consumption don't want a sudden shift in environmental policy and green energy. 




 Actionsintentions.

The fact that this benefits a lot of people outweighs his motivations for doing it. 




  I read it in Norm McDonald's voice

This is some Twilight Zone shit; I *wrote* that in Norm McDonald's voice!

I was actually picturing him saying this on Weekend Update when I wrote it. 




  half of whom received law degrees and are still stupider than Arnold

I doubt they're stupid. Like you say, most politicians hold high degrees from prestigious schools. They're educated men.

When politicians deny climate science, they're probably not doing it because they're stupid; they're doing it because businesses from whom addressing climate change would undermine their profits are literally paying them to.

The reason pro-business types and environmentalists often clash is because the two are often diametrically opposed. 









 [Hey, I like you too...](http://i.imgur.com/G9g3fMp.gifv) 









 Probably the most interesting and informative thing I'll read all day. Thank you for perfectly answering something I've wondered about for a while now. 




 Well, I'm in the good ol' USA, so that means I can't afford to look into it, and by the time I can, they'll tell me it's prostate cancer and it's progressed too much to treat. If only I'd come in sooner... 




 The guy points as if there's anything else to see but the truck tipping over, and, in doing so, covers the truck tripping over.

That is some top notch filming technique right there.

Props to the truck driver; he handled it that well, all things considered. 




 Welcome to /r/funny, [where the content is reposts and the karma don't matter.](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/012/446/whoseline.PNG) 




 I honestly can't. 




 When did I say it was the literal truth? 




 Hopefully you have insurance and it's a simple matter of making a doctor appointment and getting a good ol' finger up the ass. 




 The toothpaste method doesn't get to the urine trapped where the taint is, though. 

I can wait until there's no one else at the wall, or, if all fails, I can do it pretty discretely. It's a quick and easy maneuver and often saves an embarrassing trickle. 




 This is starting to feel like a creepy master/slave arrangement... 




 Spooking without a permit. 




 Me too; you're question prompted me to find the answer I had never bothered looking up before.

I don't have insurance and won't for a while, so I hope it's not serious. 




 If your pants are on, as in you're using the fly of your pants and the door on your boxers, it's easy to reach back and under and give the necessary push pressure. It sometimes results in a good squirt, and you really get a sense of what runs down your leg when you zip up and walk away without taking the necessary precautions.  




 Tall and narrow. Imagine having to drive that thing with intense crosswinds on a highway? 




 [50 Shades of Gay](https://www.ted.com/talks/io_tillett_wright_fifty_shades_of_gay?language=en) 




 Many men experience a less powerful urinary stream when emptying the bladder, as they get older.

It is estimated that something like 1 in 3 men over the age of 50 develop urinary outflow symptoms, which in the majority of cases is due to benign enlargement of the prostate gland, otherwise known as benign prostatic hyperplasia.

The gland gradually enlarges as the years go by, and this enlargement can cause pressure on the water pipe which runs from the bladder to the outside (the urethra), restricting the flow of urine in just the same way that water running through a hose is restricted if the hose is kinked or compressed.

Another cause of urinary flow restriction is a stricture in the urethra as a result of inflammatory scarring, perhaps as a result of a previous infection or operative catheterization.

My advice would be to go along and see your GP so that an examination of your prostate gland may take place.

Initially, examination with a gloved finger can determine whether the gland is physically enlarged, and a blood test known as a PSA (prostate specific antigen) can measure a chemical secreted by the prostate gland to ensure that any enlargement is benign.

If necessary, a rectal ultrasound test can be organized to further examine the interior of the gland non-invasively.

I strongly advise you not to delay seeking help, as there is much evidence that early treatment with medication can prevent the problem from becoming worse, and often delays the need for surgery in years to come.

At any rate, if you have noticed symptoms your prostate gland should be examined because prostate cancer, although an unlikely possibility in your case, is very much on the increase and is potentially very serious even in relatively young men like yourself.


Read more: http://www.netdoctor.co.uk/ate/liverandkidney/203652.html#ixzz3gXW1qhqy 
Follow us: @NetDoctor on Twitter | NetDoctorUK on Facebook 




 This is true *and* one of my favorite movies, but as someone tired of the same old shit, I will continue to use Karma Decay and fight the good fight.

Good day sir! 




 I've known about them since I was 17, but I've also known about lots of things that would have benefited me in the long run. Doing those things is a different story. 




 I've been there. Truth-be-told, reposts do more good than harm. You're not the only one who hasn't seen it, you're not the only to be amused by it, and people like me who have seen it reposted again and again can't be *too* bothered by it, right? 




 This has never been funny.


title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[Get into position! The Google truck is here!](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2bzbbl/get_into_position_the_google_truck_is_here/) | 1131 | 11^mos | funny | 13
[Trying To Look Impressive for Google Street View](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1tjrhj/trying_to_look_impressive_for_google_street_view/) | 508 | 1^yr | gifs | 11
[A perfectly executed plan](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1puzw7/a_perfectly_executed_plan/) | 115 | 1^yr | gifs | 8
[A perfectly executed plan \(Link to location in comments\)](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1pufc1/a_perfectly_executed_plan_link_to_location_in/) | 265 | 1^yr | funny | 5
[What to do when you see the google street view car](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1eo2t5/what_to_do_when_you_see_the_google_street_view_car/) | 2041 | 2^yrs | funny | 144
[Quick! here comes the google car..Strike a Pose](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/pxct8/quick_here_comes_the_google_carstrike_a_pose/) | 803 | 3^yrs | funny | 31
[A well executed plan.](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/meywv/a_well_executed_plan/) | 1138 | 3^yrs | funny | 107
[How To React To An Oncoming Google Streetview Car](http://www.reddit.com/r/offbeat/comments/d4rds/how_to_react_to_an_oncoming_google_streetview_car/) | 1011 | 4^yrs | offbeat | 195
[Google street win!](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/nin9g/google_street_win/) | 136 | 3^yrs | gifs | 4

 




 Even /u/Darksoulz4dayz concedes: Martian Manhunter was able to 'beat' him by creating an illusion in his mind where he was human and had a family. I think if he actually tried to fight back he could break through MMH's telepathy, but he was content with what the Martian made for him.

I think we've successfully proven that MMH, not Superman, and the most OP superhero in the DCU. 




 [That's not how any of this works!](http://i.imgur.com/zzrr0Hq.gif) 




 I also don't understand how terms like "horizontal" can be applied to outer space. How can "Uranus spin on its side." Relative to what?  




 Jesus also once cursed a fig tree for not bearing fruit.

Jesus does not put up with slacker fig trees.

^12 The next day as they were leaving Bethany, Jesus was hungry. ^13 Seeing in the distance a fig tree in leaf, he went to find out if it had any fruit. When he reached it, he found nothing but leaves, because it was not the season for figs. ^14 Then he said to the tree, May no one ever eat fruit from you again. And his disciples heard him say it.

. . . 

^20 In the morning, as they went along, they saw the fig tree withered from the roots. ^21 Peter remembered and said to Jesus, Rabbi, look! The fig tree you cursed has withered!

[Mark 11:12-25](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark+11%3A12-25) 




  I'm 30

The same year I started to have this problem. I'm 34.

I find pressure on the taint can also help, and, just except that the days of a quick piss are gone. I've gotten into the habit of hanging out at the urinal for a lot longer because you're not always done when you think you're done. 




 They have "gay night" at men's figure skating; they call it "men's figure skating." 




 No, Who's on first; What's on second. 




 Holden Caulfield did an AMA, but he just kept calling every Redditor asking a question a phonie.

Charlie Gordon's started out bad, improved, got ridiculousoly pretentious like he was trolling /r/iamverysmart, but then slowly deteriorated into unreadable nonsense. 




 I found the engineer. 




 /r/Showerthoughts loves Scooby Doo.

* Scooby-Doo taught us that the real monsters always turn out to be humans.

* The bad guys in Scooby-Doo never invoke their right to remain silent; they always confess their entire plans and motives after they're unmasked.

* The Scooby-Doo gang must spend a lot of time in court testifying against "bad guys."

* Scooby Doo's "accent" makes absolutely no sense. He's capable of making every sound a fluent English speaker can make, just as long as it's not at the beginning of the word.

* After the police arrest the villains in Scooby Doo, what do they charge them with?

* The bad guys on Scooby Doo could probably have made more money selling Halloween costumes than trying to pull off their scams.

* How come in Scooby Doo's Universe monsters and ghost are dismissed as hoaxes yet nobody bats an eye at the talking dog

* What if Scooby Doo and the gang are the real ghosts and can't rest until they solve the mystery of their own murder?

* Scooby Doo is CSI for kids.

* Some company in "Scooby-Doo" had to manufacture snacks specifically for Scooby's consumption.

* Scrappy-Doo is to Scooby-Doo what Jar Jar Binks is to Star Wars

* Why does Scrappy Doo talk in a normal human voice while Scooby talks in a dog voice?

* Scooby-doo villains had the best special effects talent of that time period and could have made their fortunes legally.

* What the fuck kind of name for a dog is "Scooby Doo"? 

* In "Scooby Doo" the gang isn't really solving mysteries about ghosts, ghouls, etc. They're actually just doing drugs with Shaggy in the Mystery Van and hallucinating their adventures. 

* Ashton Kutcher would have been a great choice for Shaggy in the live-action Scooby Doo movie.

* The villains in Scooby-Doo never murdered or stole, they were just really spooky 

* Scooby Doo's mystery team would have made their lives a lot easier if they decided to crackdown on the kingpin making all those high quality masks for criminals 

* Maybe the reason law and order, CSI, and other drama mysteries are so popular is because all the people who grew up watching Scooby-Doo... 

* If someone goes back in time to show the creator of Scooby Doo what they make, and they make Scooby Doo because that person showed them Scooby Doo, where did Scooby Doo start?

* Is Scooby Doo named after Scooby Snacks or did a company name themselves after him? (self.Showerthoughts)

* Blues Clues was like the early years/ origin story for Scooby Doo. 

* Scrappy-doo has Scooby's surname, so his sister most have had him out of wedlock. 

* Where did the villains in Scooby Doo get all those unique masks? 

* Courage the Cowardly Dog + That 70s Show = Scooby Doo

* If I had enough money, I'd build a hospital an Intensive Care Unit and name it Scooby Scooby Doo

* Why isn't there a children's hospital with a Scooby Doo ICU?

* Scooby-Doo ultimately teaches kids that people aren't always who they seem, and sometimes the most helpful/friendly are also the most sinister.

* Why don't they sell Scooby Doo villains as Halloween costumes

* Carrie is to Matilda what X-Files is to Scooby-Doo.

* Scooby doo and the Mystery gang have been on and off the air, since 69 and would be senior citizens now

* Velma from Scooby Doo should really look into getting contacts

* Criminals in the Scooby-Doo universe go to jail for wearing costumes and scaring people.....harsh.

* If Scooby-Doo eats Scooby-Snacks, he'll still ultimately make Scooby-Doo. 

* "Scooby Doobie Doo" is a strong hint at Scooby and Shaggy's frequent marijuana use 

* If there were an episode of Scooby Doo where the "main suspect" actually ended up being the monster, it would be the biggest plot twist ever. 

* In Scooby Doo, the paranormal crime always turns out to be a dude in suit. In the X-files, the 'normal' crime always turns out to be freaky shit.

* In Scooby Doo, no-one reads the criminals their Miranda Rights. 

* Many of the villains from Scooby-Doo would be extremely rich if they patented the technology in their costumes.

* The story of the Disney movie Bighero is just a generic plot of Scooby doo. 

* Considering every supernatural element the Scooby-Doo team uncover is in fact mundane, that talking dog they have with them must just be an old guy in a costume 

* Scooby-Doo and the gang were most likely high on acid for every episode until the end.

* Why didn't they name Scooby Doo a word he could pronounce?

* A cabin in the woods is scooby doo but scooby is a black dude

* TV shows like NCIS or CSI are basically the grown-up versions of Scooby Doo 

* Since Great Danes have shorter life spans, what if every iteration of Scooby Doo is just another Scrappy Doo grown up.

* Doctor who is the opposite of scooby-doo.

* Throughout the course of their adventures, the Scooby Doo Gang apprehends HUNDREDS of deranged, psychopathic criminals. They could realistically be a special police task force.

* Just realized the television show "Psyche" is just Scooby Doo for grown ups. 

* Scooby Doo is about hipsters unmasking crooks using supernatural or monster costumes that terrify the gang... With the help of a conscious talking dog. 

* Scooby Doo is supposed to teach children not to be afraid of monsters by revealing the villain as a person at the end. Essentially, it's just teaching children to be afraid of other people.

* Scooby Doo teaches kids that everything supernatural or otherworldly Is just some asshole trying to scare you so they can make some money

* Scooby-Doo was a show about functional meddling kids that kept actual kids from meddling

* Scooby Doo's catch phrase was Hanna-Barbera's own nod to their longest running primetime cartoon, The Flintstones.

* Scooby's name in Scooby Doo is derived from the word dooby. 

* There should be a YouTube artist who's "thing" is finishing fake songs that appear in other media. (i.e. The Spice Girls from Scooby-Doo, Genovia's national anthem) 

* Technically, Scooby Doo was the first Snoop Dogg. 

* If it wasn't for society/media, would cemeteries be scary?

* Every episode from 'Scooby Doo' ends with a plot twist

* Gilligan, from Gilligan's Island, makes me think of Scooby-Doo as a human. 

* House is like the adult version of Scooby Doo as far as mystery solving tv shows go 

* Scooby-Doo is the only one in the 1969 series with eyes that aren't 100% pupil. 

* Scooby-Doo teaches us that humans are scarier than any monster we could make up 

* Scooby Doo, Shaggy and the rest of the gang must have to testify in court a lot. 

* Why doesn't Velma from Scooby Doo just get contacts? 

* Shaggy from Scooby-doo sounds like fucky in the UK

* At the end of Scooby-Doo, the villain always get's arrested, although they've never actually broken the law.

* Nintendo should team up with whoever owns Scooby Doo now, and create a Luigi's mansion crossover!

* Some Scooby-Doo mysteries would make great cases in an Ace Attorney game 

* What if the guys from Scooby Doo caught a guy dressing up as a monster which actually existed, but they just caught the guy.

* Scooby do made us watch crime shows

* The X-Files is just Scooby-Doo for adults

* The Scream movies are just adult versions of Scooby Doo mysteries 

* Why did Scooby Doo have a talking dog, but never real ghosts? 

* Scooby Doo has lived a lot longer more than most dogs.

* Scooby Doo would make a great lead singer for a Deathcore band. 

* Bruce willis in Die Hard is kind of like Scooby Doo-team. If it wasn't for you, I would have made it

* The X-files is essentially Scooby Doo in reverse.

* Velma from Scooby-Doo is in the perfect position to commit the crime. 

* What if the Scooby Doo show takes place in a psychiatric asylum where they have an imaginary talking dog that helps solve puzzles they can't solve on their own? 

* What if Scooby Doo and Gang were better investigators than Mulder and Scully, and that's why they got to the bottom of all their supernatural cases? 

* 90% of Scooby Doo villains were less harmful to their "victims" than the average prank video on YouTube

* The X-Files was one, long Scooby Doo episode.

* Like the most recent Scooby-Doo movie, the Teenage Mutant Turtles Movie is the retro film I'm supposed to want to see, but whose series I never actually liked 

* In the Scooby Doo movie "Zombie Island", Shaggy and Scooby get caught eating all the contraband cheese while at work. The cheese contraband was just substitute for Shaggy and Scooby smoking contraband at work.


* If every dog in the world turned into Scooby Doo. We'd never face fear again. Except by talking dogs.

* Every episode of Scooby Doo is like a cartoon version of the reality TV show, Catfish. 

* Most Scooby Doo mysteries could have been solved immediately if Scooby had attacked the monster and ripped its head off

* Scooby-Doo's scooby snacks are the equivalent of Popeye's spinach 

* Shaggy and Scooby-Doo were always craving Scooby snacks because they were high and had the munchies.

* if scooby doo had been named scoopy doo that show would have been a lot different 

* A t.v. show featuring a dog detective (like Scooby-Doo), but voiced by Snoop Dogg. 

* It's actually kind of... Sad? I guess? that Scooby Doo doesn't realize he's a dog. 

* In Scooby Doo, Shaggy eats dog treats for snacks.

* Someone should make a Scooby Doo themed restaurant review site named Relp. 

* How come Scooby Doo never got the shits? All he eats is burgers etc 

* Hawaii Five O is basically Scooby Doo for adults

* Muppet Babies, Scooby Doo Kids, Flintstone Kids, but no Golden Girls Babies? Where same actresses crawl around in nothing but diapers?

* Shaggy from Scooby Doo is a total pothead. Not only does he look and dress like one, but his best friend's a talking dog, he always has the munchies, and he's always paranoid. 




 [That question has already been asked and answered.](https://www.reddit.com/r/facepalm/comments/3dy7ur/the_math_doesnt_add_up_here/ctag71j) 




 Because the probability of anyone actually using the search feature or going to their favorite subs and sorting by "top" is nearly zero. 




 7.6 million and counting is nothing to sneeze at.

[Source](http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/personalfinance/2014/08/24/for-millions-of-cord-cutters-cable-tv-fades-to-black/14513495/) 




 What's the probability of this having been posted [fifteen times before?](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/search?q=birthday+room restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all) 




 I learned this from the [previous fourteen times this has been posted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/search?q=coffee+caffeine+dark restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all)

 




 Other times I'm sure they'll just gesture their conjecture indicating "yes sir" with a nod from their noggin and spit which hits the bricks harder than a teeter totter with the farmer's fat daughter on top of it... 




 I wish the 539 people who have commented ITT would read at least this much about the Infinite Monkey Theorem; it would end most of the arguments:

The infinite monkey theorem states that a monkey hitting keys at random on a typewriter keyboard for an infinite amount of time will almost surely type a given text, such as the complete works of William Shakespeare.

In this context, ***"almost surely" is a mathematical term with a precise meaning***, and ***the "monkey" is not an actual monkey, but a metaphor for an abstract device that produces an endless random sequence of letters and symbols.*** 

The relevance of the theorem is questionablethe probability of a universe full of monkeys typing a complete work such as Shakespeare's Hamlet is so tiny that the chance of it occurring during a period of time hundreds of thousands of orders of magnitude longer than the age of the universe is extremely low (but technically not zero). 

***It should also be noted that real monkeys don't produce uniformly random output***, which means that ***an actual monkey hitting keys for an infinite amount of time has no statistical certainty of ever producing any given text.***

[Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem) (emphasis mine) 




  The theorem clearly calls for monkeys.

No it doesn't.

The infinite monkey theorem states that a monkey hitting keys at random on a typewriter keyboard for an infinite amount of time will almost surely type a given text, such as the complete works of William Shakespeare.

In this context, "almost surely" is a mathematical term with a precise meaning, and ***the "monkey" is not an actual monkey, but a metaphor for an abstract device that produces an endless random sequence of letters and symbols.*** 




 I really can't disagree with any of that. 




 [That's not how checkmate works.](http://i.imgur.com/zzrr0Hq.gif) 




 Other times they'll just gesture at something with a head nod and then spit.

I'm not sure if the spitting counts as a syllable or not... 




 That's not misleading at all; those costs are all 100% related to the website, i.e., website costs, i.e., the cost of the website. There's nothing superfluous.  




 Elsewhere in this topic, /u/Darksoulz4dayz has made a compelling argument for Captain Atom.

How does MMH versus Captain Atom play out? 




  New 52 Captain Atom was shown to be able to sever Flash's connection from the Speedforce.

If that's true, he can transmute matter to create all the Kryptonite he needs to kill Superman and The Flash would be nothing without the Speedforce. Who else is left that could challenge him? 




 Considering The Empty hand can seemingly just will things to its desire and has already conquered multiple multiverses, yeah... 




 January 2, 2015: the Obama administration announced a new $536 million contract for the next five years of improvement and maintenance of Healthcare.gov, the ObamaCare website.

So that would be approximately $107.2 million per year for the next five years.

To compare, Reddit costs just over $33.5k per month in server expenses, so that's $402,000 per year, which is less than HealthCare.Gov, but they are very different animals.

http://theweek.com/speedreads/440113/price-tag-healthcaregov-just-ballooned-22-billion 




 Damn it! It's people like you that we need in Hollywood! 




 Of all the things you could have left me with, I'm grateful it was that. 




 [You're killing me...](http://i.imgur.com/bzhyjpr.gif) 




 Yeah, but you could say that about lots of things... 




  I think the number of people who would rather have $16,400 is probably a pretty significant number.

All good points, and you're probably right. Of course, having insurance could very easily save some people $16,400 or more in any given year. Anyone is one health or injury catastrophe from massive hospital bills. Something like this is incredibly difficult to measure in terms of real value. 




 If it came down to Darkseid and Anti-Monitor, you'd have DC's current storyline: The Darkseid War.

I had no idea Larfleeze was so OP. I assume it's because he's the sole bearer of the Orange Lantern? 




 So... Zoloman is the last man standing?

Damn. 




 Nix Uotan? Final Crisis made him a human vessel through with the Overmonitor can see the unified reality, which has since split again so he's really unknown as far as the New 52 is concerned. Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't believe he's been mentioned since Final Crisis. If he were, he'd win; you're absolutely right. He has all the answers to guys like Superman and The Flash.

As for Captain Atom, I'm not convinced he could take Superman or The Flash. Although Captain Atom can create insane amounts of power and even transmute matter, he also absorbs energy, which means Superman or The Flash could overwhelm him until he's unstable, reaches critical, and he self-destructs. 

If he can transmute the entire battle arena or at least a lot of it into Kryptonite, that would be one way he could gain an advantage over Superman, but I don't know what he could do against The Flash. I'd see The Flash whipping up some Speed Force nonsense, Captain Atom overloads and explodes, The Flash contains it, and we have a winner.

I'd also question Captain Atom's abilities against Shazam. He doesn't really have any defense against magic.  




 If that's the case, can't he take Superman? He canonically took on the entire Justice League by himself and didn't lose. No matter how hard Superman can hit, MMH can density shift through it. Oh, and [he hits pretty fucking hard himself.](http://i.imgur.com/W4ZmfTp.jpg)

If MMH can overcome the fire issue, and he provably has, can anyone conceivably stop him? 




 Great question. 

That's the total cost for the entire project, which includes setting up the physical and technical infrastructure for the entire exchange, as well as every state's exchange (those that chose to implement them, anyway). It also includes staffing for all the people who did that work, as well as all the lawyers/business people/bureaucrats who made the whole project work.

It wasn't so much a $634m website; it was a $634m system.

/u/EngineeredMadness talks about a lot of the bureaucratic and technical backend reasons that make this project expensive by it's very nature: http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1owop4/eli5_how_did_healthcaregov_cost_634000000_that/ccwhsmv

/u/avacar points out that the $634m price tag is a grand total over several contracts that were signed to the company that did the work. There was a whole lot of prep work that took years to go through in order to even be able to begin building a system this complex, and it took a lot of people a lot of time to do it. Couple this with EngineeredMadness's points and you've got a pretty good idea of what happened.

http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1owop4/eli5_how_did_healthcaregov_cost_634000000_that/ccwgh1k

Again, I'm not defending the site, or the cost. It's a government contract, it almost undoubtedly had more bloat to it than it needed to. But if you really look at all the in's and out's of what it would take to build a system this complex, you can at least comprehend the reasoning behind why the numbers got so large, and can hopefully appreciate why keeping the site both functional, responsive, and stable is a momentous undertaking.

[Source](https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1owop4/eli5_how_did_healthcaregov_cost_634000000_that/ccwdjyp) 




 I suppose that's better than Deadcat... 




 I don't completely disagree with you. It's funny; I actually liked it more as a kid and don't like it nearly as much now that I'm in my 30s. It's better than Frontier, Insurrection, and Nemesis, but I don't prefer it.

First Contact is actually my favorite Star Trek movie, and for most purists, anything but Khan is heresy. Whatever, though. I'm more of a Next Generation fan so that's really the best of them for us. 




 Questioning the validity of The Daily Mail is perfectly reasonable. 

Office of Inspector General released a report finding that the total cost of the HealthCare.gov website had reached $1.7 billion.

http://oig.hhs.gov/oei/reports/oei-03-14-00231.asp 




  anyone but Guy

I'd rather watch a Mogo movie. 




 It's worded strangely too.

[$394 million wasn't the cost to "introduce" Obamacare; it was the cost of the website.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2452404/Obamacare-website-cost-394-MILLION-doesnt-work.html)

Actual costs of overhead are much, much higher, as in $[279 ***billion***. ](http://www.cnbc.com/2015/05/27/obamacares-big-overhead-costs-to-top-270b.html)

[There are approximately 321.3 million American citizens](http://www.census.gov/popclock/), so you could instead give $644.25 to each citizen.

I think most people would probably rather have the insurance than the $644.25, but that's purely speculation on part. I can't prove that.

**EDIT**: Looks like the actual costs of the website were significantly higher: Office of Inspector General released a report finding that the total cost of the HealthCare.gov website had reached $1.7 billion.

[Source](http://oig.hhs.gov/oei/reports/oei-03-14-00231.asp) 




 It's not just the worst Star Trek movies; it's one of the worst movies. Period. 




 That is a great explanation, and it also leads to believe Zoom wins this entire showdown because that logic can be applied to everyone.

Could it come down to Eobard Thawne VS Hunter Zolomon? 




 Zoom kills Darkseid?

I'm not saying your wrong, but wow. How does that play out? 




 The obvious guess is Darkseid. Does anyone have a better answer?

Rules:

1. This is sudden. Every superhero on earth is teleported into this inescapable arena all at once without warning. It's large enough to have an area of every earth climate/terrain including cityscape, desert, ocean, waterfall, plains, etc.

2. Anyone who generally carries (insert weapon, object, whatever) has it with them. Yes, weapons are allowed.

3. This is a "Hunger Games" style battle to the death, last man standing. That means "no kill rule" characters will kill and must kill to survive. This isn't about the characters' ethics; it's about their abilities. 




 Totally, and I don't think it was bad enough to warrant tanking the franchise. A good sequel could have saved it, and the sequel they were obviously setting up would have meant a lot more Sinestro, which was the best part of the first one.

I really think they should consider allowing it to be canon, make a sequel, and even if they can't get Ryan or they think he'd be too strongly associated with the competitor's Deadpool, they could introduce John Stewart, Kyle, or even Guy and have all this compatible with Man of Steel, Batman v Superman, Suicide Squad, Justice League, etc. 




 Who would be the biggest threat to him? [Fire?](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Fire)

[Firestorm?](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Firestorm) 




 The obvious guess is Superman. Does anyone have a better answer?

Rules:

1. This is sudden. Every superhero on earth is teleported into this inescapable arena all at once without warning. It's large enough to have an area of every earth climate/terrain including cityscape, desert, ocean, waterfall, plains, etc.

2. There's no Kryptonite unless one of the combatants happened to have some on him at the time. Since Batman has been shown to carry a rock of it in one of his utility belt pouches, he and probably only he *might* have some.

3. Anyone who generally carries (insert weapon, object, whatever) has it with them. Yes, weapons are allowed.

4. This is a "Hunger Games" style battle to the death, last man standing. That means "no kill rule" characters will kill and must kill to survive. This isn't about the characters' ethics; it's about their abilities. 




 "The Homer" (also known as "The Car Built for Homer") was a car designed by Homer Simpson when his half-brother, Herb, gave Homer a job at Powell Motors. It is a parody/exaggeration of the Edsel, a similarly disastrous automobile designed by Ford Motor Company.

http://simpsons.wikia.com/wiki/The_Homer

The storyline of a controversially styled car causing the company to fail both echoes that of the Edsel and the Tucker Torpedo. The Edsel was a controversially styled car that bore the name of Henry Ford's son, Edsel Ford, and is now considered one of the biggest car flops in history. Production of the Tucker Torpedo, which introduced many new features, was shut down amidst scandal and accusations of stock fraud in 1949.[3] Homer wants the horns of the car he is designing to play the traditional Spanish folk corrido "La Cucaracha".[5] The Pope shows up for the unveiling of Homer's new car.[5] Herb berates his staff for suggesting that the company name a new car "Persephone" after the Greek goddess of fertility in Greek mythology. Herb tells the staff, "People don't want cars named after hungry old Greek broads! They want names like 'Mustang' and 'Cheetah'vicious animal names," referencing the Ford Mustang and Lamborghini Cheetah cars.[6]

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oh_Brother,_Where_Art_Thou%3F
 




 [He's right.](http://simpsons.wikia.com/wiki/The_Homer) 




 I don't think it's terrible; it just wasn't that good. The parts that were good were really good, but the overall product seemed undercooked, too long, and anticlimactic. To me, the whole problem with it was how overwhelmingly average it was. 




 Correcting their English would be helpful either way, and the question  of OP's native land and/or tongue is exactly why I phrased "Is OP proving the point" as a question.

At least one person has learned something new today. 




 [OP spelled it just fine.](http://www.flickeringmyth.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/john-stewart-green-lantern-does-idris-elba-really-want-to-leave-the-marvel-universe.jpeg) 




 [As a married person...](http://i.imgur.com/v9wvB.gif) 









 See the bottom edit of my xpost in /r/movies ;)

https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/3dyi8p/all_12_star_trek_movies_by_critic_and_audience/

You got the Metacritic score wrong, though; it's not 79; [it's 70.](http://www.metacritic.com/movie/galaxy-quest)

Galaxy Quest:

IMDb: 7.3

Metacritic: 70

RT: 90 critic / 78 user

Average: 80.5 




 It's unfairly maligned. Khan was supposed to end the series, so it made some moves that couldn't be sensibly undone. It turned out to be so damned good, it revitalized interest in the franchise. Of course they needed Spock, he played hard ball and said he'd only come back if he could direct, and they did what they thought they had to.

The trailers also gave away one of the biggest surprises: the death of the USS Enterprise. 

Anyway, it gave us [this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_k9Ukm9LaWg)

All else is forgiven.  




 Not according to Homer:

Bart: No offense Homer, but your half-assed under-parenting was a whole lot better than your half-assed over-parenting

Homer: Aw, but i was using my *whole* ass... 




  ST:Wrath of Khan is the best 'Star Trek' movie, ST:The Motion Picture is the better movie.

I can hear myself repeating this line in the future. You absolutely nailed something I've always kind of thought, but didn't quite know how to express.

ST:TMP is hugely underrated in my opinion. 




 ***EDIT Just for /r/MrFurious0***: 

Galaxy Quest: 

IMDb: 7.3

Metacritic: 70

RT: 90 critic / 78 user

Average: 80.5 




 I don't hate it. It's definitely better than The Final Frontier. 




 I'd personally rate Khan over Darkness, but there's no accounting for taste... 




 Considering his were two of the best movies in the franchise's history, you're absolutely right. 




 I was never too big on Search, but it's leaps and bounds better than Final Frontier. 




 Judging from most internet comments, the answer is almost always lens flare. 




 Yeah, was looking for an odd movie to be good, but I guess Nemesis truly kicked it off by an even number being god awful. 




 Apparently Simon Pegg has concerns about writing an odd-numbered Star Trek movie, but the curse seems to have been broken by 11   12 both being good with 11 actually getting generally better reviews than 12.

Then there's [this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xjvKElqqT0) 




 I posted this in another thread to explain the odd/even curse, which seems to have been broken.

Also, to explain, the "average" is a mean of the IMDb, Metacritic, and Rotten Tomatoes critics and user scores. I am aware that these are different and incompatible metrics, but it's useful for getting a simplified idea of each movie's general reception from critics and audiences alike. 

For you and anyone else interested:

Star Trek 1 (The Motion Picture)

IMDb: 6.4

Metacritic: 48

RT: 45 critic / 42 user

AVERAGE: **49.75**

____________________________________

Star Trek 2 (Wrath of Khan)

IMDb: 7.7

Metacritic: 71

RT: 90 critic / 90 user

AVERAGE: **82**


____________________________________


Star Trek 3 (The Search for Spock)

IMDb: 6.6

Metacritic: 55 

RT: 78 critic / 61 user

AVERAGE: **65**



____________________________________


Star Trek 4 (The Voyage Home) 

IMDb: 7.3

Metacritic: 67

RT: 85 critic / 80 user

AVERAGE: **76.25**



____________________________________


Star Trek 5 (The Final Frontier): 

IMDb: 5.4

Metacritic: 43

RT: 21 critic / 25 user

AVERAGE: **35.75**



____________________________________


Star Trek 6 (The Undiscovered Country): 

IMDb: 7.2

Metacritic: 65

RT: 83 critic / 83 user

AVERAGE: **75.75**


____________________________________


Star Trek 7 (Generations) 

IMDb: 6.6

Metacritic: 65

RT: 48 critic / 58 user

AVERAGE: **59.25**


____________________________________


Star Trek 8 (First Contact): 

IMDb: 7.6

Metacritic: 71

RT: 92 critic / 89 user

AVERAGE: **82**


________________________________________


Star Trek 9 (Insurrection): 

IMDb: 6.4

Metacritic: 64 

RT: 55 critic / 45 user

AVERAGE: **57**


____________________________________


Star Trek 10 (Nemesis)

IMDb: 6.4

Metacritic: 51

RT: 37 critic / 50 user

AVERAGE: **50.5**




____________________________________


Star Trek 11 (2009) 

IMDb: 8.0

Metacritic: 83

RT: 95 critic / 91 user


AVERAGE: **87.25**


____________________________________


Star Trek 12 (Into Darkness): 

IMDb: 7.8

Metacritic: 72

RT: 87 critic / 90 user

AVERAGE: **81.75**



____________________________________


Star Trek 13 (Beyond): 

IMDb: ?.?

Metacritic: ??

RT: ?? critic / ?? user

-------------------------------------------

TL;DR

1: 50

2: 82

3: 65

4: 76

5: 36

6: 76

7: 59

8: 82

9: 57

10: 51

11: 87

12: 82

13: ??

***EDIT Just for /r/MrFurious0***: 

Galaxy Quest: 

IMDb: 7.3

Metacritic: 70

RT: 90 critic / 78 user

Average: 80.5 




 I posted this in another thread to explain the odd/even curse, which seems to have been broken.

Also, to explain, the "average" is a mean of the IMDb, Metacritic, and Rotten Tomatoes critics and user scores. I am aware that these are different and incompatible metrics, but it's useful for getting a simplified idea of each movie's general reception from critics and audiences alike. 

For you and anyone else interested:

Star Trek 1 (The Motion Picture)

IMDb: 6.4

Metacritic: 48

RT: 45 critic / 42 user

AVERAGE: **49.75**

____________________________________

Star Trek 2 (Wrath of Khan)

IMDb: 7.7

Metacritic: 71

RT: 90 critic / 90 user

AVERAGE: **82**


____________________________________


Star Trek 3 (The Search for Spock)

IMDb: 6.6

Metacritic: 55 

RT: 78 critic / 61 user

AVERAGE: **65**



____________________________________


Star Trek 4 (The Voyage Home) 

IMDb: 7.3

Metacritic: 67

RT: 85 critic / 80 user

AVERAGE: **76.25**



____________________________________


Star Trek 5 (The Final Frontier): 

IMDb: 5.4

Metacritic: 43

RT: 21 critic / 25 user

AVERAGE: **35.75**



____________________________________


Star Trek 6 (The Undiscovered Country): 

IMDb: 7.2

Metacritic: 65

RT: 83 critic / 83 user

AVERAGE: **75.75**


____________________________________


Star Trek 7 (Generations) 

IMDb: 6.6

Metacritic: 65

RT: 48 critic / 58 user

AVERAGE: **59.25**


____________________________________


Star Trek 8 (First Contact): 

IMDb: 7.6

Metacritic: 71

RT: 92 critic / 89 user

AVERAGE: **82**


________________________________________


Star Trek 9 (Insurrection): 

IMDb: 6.4

Metacritic: 64 

RT: 55 critic / 45 user

AVERAGE: **57**


____________________________________


Star Trek 10 (Nemesis)

IMDb: 6.4

Metacritic: 51

RT: 37 critic / 50 user

AVERAGE: **50.5**




____________________________________


Star Trek 11 (2009) 

IMDb: 8.0

Metacritic: 83

RT: 95 critic / 91 user


AVERAGE: **87.25**


____________________________________


Star Trek 12 (Into Darkness): 

IMDb: 7.8

Metacritic: 72

RT: 87 critic / 90 user

AVERAGE: **81.75**



____________________________________


Star Trek 13 (Beyond): 

IMDb: ?.?

Metacritic: ??

RT: ?? critic / ?? user

-------------------------------------------

TL;DR

1: 50

2: 82

3: 65

4: 76

5: 36

6: 76

7: 59

8: 82

9: 57

10: 51

11: 87

12: 82

13: ?? 




 For you and anyone else interested:

Star Trek 1 (The Motion Picture)

IMDb: 6.4

Metacritic: 48

RT: 45 critic / 42 user

AVERAGE: **49.75**

____________________________________

Star Trek 2 (Wrath of Khan)

IMDb: 7.7

Metacritic: 71

RT: 90 critic / 90 user

AVERAGE: **82**


____________________________________


Star Trek 3 (The Search for Spock)

IMDb: 6.6

Metacritic: 55 

RT: 78 critic / 61 user

AVERAGE: **65**



____________________________________


Star Trek 4 (The Voyage Home) 

IMDb: 7.3

Metacritic: 67

RT: 85 critic / 80 user

AVERAGE: **76.25**



____________________________________


Star Trek 5 (The Final Frontier): 

IMDb: 5.4

Metacritic: 43

RT: 21 critic / 25 user

AVERAGE: **35.75**



____________________________________


Star Trek 6 (The Undiscovered Country): 

IMDb: 7.2

Metacritic: 65

RT: 83 critic / 83 user

AVERAGE: **75.75**


____________________________________


Star Trek 7 (Generations) 

IMDb: 6.6

Metacritic: 65

RT: 48 critic / 58 user

AVERAGE: **59.25**


____________________________________


Star Trek 8 (First Contact): 

IMDb: 7.6

Metacritic: 71

RT: 92 critic / 89 user

AVERAGE: **82**


________________________________________


Star Trek 9 (Insurrection): 

IMDb: 6.4

Metacritic: 64 

RT: 55 critic / 45 user

AVERAGE: **57**


____________________________________


Star Trek 10 (Nemesis)

IMDb: 6.4

Metacritic: 51

RT: 37 critic / 50 user

AVERAGE: **50.5**




____________________________________


Star Trek 11 (2009) 

IMDb: 8.0

Metacritic: 83

RT: 95 critic / 91 user


AVERAGE: **87.25**


____________________________________


Star Trek 12 (Into Darkness): 

IMDb: 7.8

Metacritic: 72

RT: 87 critic / 90 user

AVERAGE: **81.75**



____________________________________


Star Trek 13 (Beyond): 

IMDb: ?.?

Metacritic: ??

RT: ?? critic / ?? user

-------------------------------------------

TL;DR

1: 50

2: 82

3: 65

4: 76

5: 36

6: 76

7: 59

8: 82

9: 57

10: 51

11: 87

12: 82

13: ?? 




  Thanks, TIL.

Exactly what this sub is for! 




 Although the name of the country is descriptive, it's still the singular proper noun name of a country. 

[The United States is a singular proper noun.](http://grammarist.com/usage/united-states/) 




 ["United States" is singular.](http://grammarist.com/usage/united-states/) 




 Go hard gettin busy wit it

But first you gotta press "start"

I'll make a motherfucker wonder if he did it

Damn right and I'll do it again

Cuz you gotta play the game to win 




 If 50 Cent can have a video game, DMX should... 




 Dark Man X versus Shadow Man 




 It's actually a very common Batman pose as well, perched on rooftops, [gargoyles](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51oeSASeSxL._SY355_.jpg), lamp posts, flag poles, and even the bat signal.

[One example.](https://www.estarland.com/images//Extra_Product_Images/Anime_Merchandise/Figures/AUG12/batmanvignette.jpg) 









 I feel like it works better with the inner white area made red as well.

[Here's my attempt.](http://i.imgur.com/8OgHIyV.jpg) 




 Circlejerk, edgy, this, downvoted to oblivion, gem... 




 [C'mon, man...](http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/racist1.gif) 




 It looks like the US *has* problems with education.

Is OP proving the point? 




 ["Are we the baddies?"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToKcmnrE5oY) 




 He looked pretty much perfect, but his voice and the way he carried himself were all wrong. I always imagined him with a deep, booming, maybe even slightly synthetic/metallic voice, carrying himself with all the pomp and dignity of an absolute ruler/tyrant.

Instead he just sounded like some random asshole. 




 Words have meaning! 




 I didn't even think of that, but yeah, good call. 




 /u/rMunky pretty much answered, but all the reader sees is Batman asking The Joker's true identity and responding, "No. That's not possible."

Darkseid War has fairly solid thus far. 




 And yet I haven't and Karma Decay turned up 0 results, so no. 




 My opinions aren't xenophobic and don't involve racist caricatures of immigrants.  




 Officially part of the "reality" in which Batman exists, in this case, the New 52 mainstream DC Comics continuity. 




 K.

[Here's John McCain on biography.com](http://www.biography.com/people/john-mccain-9542249#introduction-to-politics)

It's actually more impressive than his own website. 




 The Joker was already iconic before the animated series with Hamill though

No shit, that's why I said: "Hamill's voice and laugh as The Joker is an iconic voice and laugh associated with an iconic villain." I didn't say his voice and laugh made the character iconic. 


And the nonstop circlejerk for Hamill's Joker ought to prove that Hamill absolutely deserves credit for his takes on the character which are clearly preferred and beloved by either a majority of the fans or an insanely vocal minority. 

I personally have never once picked up a comic book and heard Jack Nicholson or Ledger's voice or laugh in my head. Hamill's? That's all I'll ever hear because you just can't top perfection. 




 I get what you mean, but if the character *isn't* at least a psychotic anarchist dressed like a clown--the mob relations aren't vital to the character--he can scarcely be called The Joker. 




  Yeaaa, it is.

You're right; your insanely clever comment and all its wit and irony went right over my head. I'm truly a dullard. 




 Spoiler alert (I can never get the spoiler tags to work; I have not ruled out the possibility that I'm an idiot).

Storyline: Darkseid War is going on and whenever Darkseid is at war, the New Gods are involved. This includes Metron who was dethroned from The Mobius Chair, which Batman takes the liberty of sitting on, which only a god can/should do, and it gives him godlike omniscience; the chair can answer any question. Basically, Batman can know anything that is knowable, so he asks it who killed his parents, the true identity of The Joker, and the answer to why it is that 42 is the answer to everything.

In reality? Only Geoff Johns could answer that, but it wouldn't be the first time they took real-world criticisms and turned them on their heads for the purpose of storytelling. The "Batgod" label has been pervasive in DC Comics for some time, often making Batman seem bizarrely OP for a guy with no superpowers. I would imagine a pitch meeting where someone said, "What if he were actually made a god? What would he do?" and the responses to that question were interesting enough to warrant exploring.

That and having him straight up murder Darkseid has already been done, so they were probably trying to figure out a new way to wrap this thing up. 




 Maybe because no other actor has so perfectly captured the voice and laugh to the point where most comics readers "hear" Hamill in their heads whilst reading the character's thoughts, lines, and laughs. 




 Hamill's voice and laugh as The Joker is an iconic voice and laugh associated with an iconic villain. He is absolutely fundamental to how his takes on The Joker have been perceived.  




 Considering how many have taken on the role, that's a high compliment. 




 Super Friends represent! 




 Might as well include [Anthony Misiano](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxribF26Ldo) if we're including internet-famous Jokers. 




 All they can possibly base this on is his line in the trailer, "I'm not gonna kill you; I'm just gonna hurtcha really, really bad," which definitely came off as "psychotic," but to be fair, almost every iteration of the character could be justifiably called "psychotic." 




 He replaced Mark Hamill and tried his best to do Hamill's voice and laugh. 




 Yeah, they were doing a tribute to the [Dick Sprang] version while trying to find a Joker that hadn't been done and reflected the tongue-in-cheek style of the show.

Like you wrote, I understood, but I didn't enjoy it. 




 Worst part of an otherwise great series. 




 Young Justice. 




  Leto aside

He could be all those things; we really don't know much about the character. 




 You such at math. If /u/aroad is turning 20 next week, he was born in 1995.

Jack's Joker was in 89 and Cesar's was in 66. His age can't have much to do with it now can it? 




 I want to fix this meme.

I'll do it right.

White text outlined in black.

The best possible picture of each version.

Mark Hamill, although a personal favorite of mine, won't be declared "the one true" because there isn't any.

What I need is good suggestions for their single-word descriptors.

I also need anything left out by this version. I want it to be complete and definitive.

Help me, /r/batman; you're my only hope. 




 In Adobe InDesign or Illustrator, it could be done in one click. 




 Complain all day. I used Karma Decay to see if it had been posted or not and it came up empty. 

I can't be patrolling /r/batman all day to see what has and hasn't been posted already. You've already seen it? Good for you! Downvote it and move on. 




 The answer to your question depends on the context of the word "why." Are you asking why Batman became a new god in terms of the storyline, or the real-life rationale behind Geoff Johns' decision to do this? 




 This is from Justice League 42, which is a part of the Darkseid War storyline. 




 Takes place on a Battleship. 




 versus Batroc the Leaper... 




 How is a hateful bag of shit leaking feces everywhere admirable? 

Bernie Sanders says what he thinks and it's not a bunch of venomous bile and bullshit. He actually stands for things and they're good things.

By your logic, Hitler is admirable. 




 Because people who spend a lot of time on television can't be doing their jobs?

[Here's his legislative accomplishments.](http://johnmccain.com/legislative/) He's a major political figure and force for a reason. 




 This has to be the most overused and wrongly-used comments on Reddit.

https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/no-true-scotsman

It is not a logical fallacy of any kind to point out that not all Republicans are idiots. Even if all idiots were Republicans, it would still be perfectly acceptable to say that not all Republicans are idiots so long as it were true, which it obviously is.

I should also point out that it's possible to disagree with people without writing them off as stupid. 









 There are not 600 levels, so I'm not sure why it has that designation, but it's where the metahumans are imprisoned. 

I'm 34 and I've been reading/following DC Comics since I was about 5, and "level 600" means nothing to me. 




 I see it as more of a critique on consumerism and how it enables the capitalist than a critique of capitalism itself, but yes, you're right. 




 Terry's Batman isn't Elseworlds; it's considered canon. 

As for precedent, In Jeph Loeb's Superman/Batman #22 (preNew52 version written by Jeph Loeb), a Batman wearing the Beyond costume appeared, which was the Beyond version of Batman's first foray into the regular DC Comics continuity. Bizarro was transported to an alternate version of Gotham City. In issue #23, this Batman is named "Tim". 

Fun fact: the packaging for the action figure created by DC Direct based on this appearance in Superman/Batman identifies Batman Beyond as Tim Drake.

As for mainstream continuity, in Batman #700, Terry McGinnis was included in the one-off as a part of the DC Universe presented, had a history with Damian Wayne, who rescued him as Batman from Two-Face-Two when he was held hostage as an infant. Terry was directly inspired by Batman, but it was the Damian Wayne Batman. 

The plot involved Two-Face-Two (if ever a villain warranted a sequel) believed Terry McGinnis was one of a pair of twin boys who were the sons of billionaires rather than Warren and Mary McGinnis. Two-Face-Two transformed Terry into a miniature duplicate of the Joker with the Joker's toxin. Damian administered the antidote after he rescued Terry. In the following page, a teenage McGinnis is seen behind the Batman cowl, battling the apparently-resurrected Joker, with Damian as his mentor, instead of Bruce.

Superman/Batman Annual #4 featured Terry McGinnis' Batman in mainstream continuity as well. It picked up after Superman's first meeting with the new Terry Batman, and Terry Batman also took part heavily in Future's End. 

He is 100% a part of regular DC continuity.

Or *was.*

But it's comics, so he'll totally come back because clones or time travel or alternative dimensions or whatever. 




 [SPOILERS]

Terry was killed during Future's End and Tim Drake finally took up the mantle of Batman. The book is relaunching with a new series starting at #1 with Tim Drake as Batman.

 




 I'm torn between that and [Robin getting down](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95VTu4Dfag8) in the driver ed vehicle.

 




 [This free "sneak peak"](http://www.dccomics.com/comics/we-are-robin-2015/dc-sneak-peek-we-are-robin-2015) should tell you everything you need to know. 




 I agree with you completely; they represent interpretations of the character, not necessarily specific wearers of the duds. 




 The default, regular Robin on the show is Dick, the female is CK, but the other two are very debatable. 

Dick   Jason are the only two to ever wear the fish scale armor short shorts, and since regular Robin is Dick, that would leave short shorts to be Jason, but the personality is more in line with silver age Robin, AKA Dick. 

Meanwhile, the black-caped Robin is wearing Tim Drake's threads and has the darker attitude, but that attitude could be associated with Tim or Jason.

So... my take is that it's representations of different takes on Robin without being any identity in particular. Robin has been the wide-eyed Boy Wonder of the silver age, the Dark Knight Returns Girl Wonder, and the darker, more brooding sidekick. 




 As much as Liam Neeson did a fine job, I'd prefer an Arabian character with a name like   to actually be middle-eastern. I don't always care about an actor being the same ethnicity as the character they're playing, but in this case, and Bane's, their ethnicity was relevant to the character.

Still, I thought Begins was overall a strong entry and set the stage quite nicely for The Dark Knight. I do feel like The Dark Knight was a bit rushed or overstuffed though. There was enough there to make The Joker the one-and-only and have Dent's transformation a background story, revealing the Two-Face part in the following movie. They basically introduced one of Batman's greatest and most interesting villains just to kill him ten minutes later. 




 This is the same subject/object thing as who/whom.

"I" is the subject; "me" is the object.

*I* have to go to the store. 

*Who* is going to the store? *I* am. 

Do you want to come with me? 

Yes.

Good. You and I will go to the store. 

*I* is the subject because *I* is the one doing something.

Do you want to come with me?

*Me* is the object because *me* isn't the subject; *I* is. *I* is the one doing something. *Me* is the object associated with the predicate *with*. Come with whom? Come with me. 




 I hated just about everything to do with Dark Knight Rises. I saw it at a midnight premiere and haven't seen it since, nor do I desire to. It's a shame, because I quite liked Batman Begins and The Dark Knight, but that ended the trilogy on a seriously sour note. 




 There is no "best." The character has been the subject of so many different takes, and there have been very few I didn't like. One such example was the Young Justice version, which is one of the few things that show got heinously wrong.

Dennis O'Neil's take on the character in the 70s is what a lot of people would consider the "classic" Joker and the one that has inspired most interpretations. He did a really great job fleshing out the character and even scored him his own book, which was unheard of for villains. 

Steve Englehart introduced the classic "Laughing Fish" that was used in Batman: The Animated Series. Marshall Rogers introduced the trench coat and fedora which impacted Jack Nicholson's Joker. 

Speaking of which, if you need a legendary actor to play a crazy man, who better than Jack? Tim Burton brought the "goth" to Gotham giving us a demented, insane, criminal mastermind with a twisted sense of humor. While Burton's Batman missed a lot of important points regarding the Batman of comic books, Nicholson's Joker, at the time, was incredibly close to the comics, including the acid bath origin, the disfigured face, not wearing makeup, etc.

Cesar Romano's 1966 TV series Joker was a product of a campy show, more like the zanny nuisance trickster, but that's where get the mainstays like joy buzzers and acid-spitting flowers from.

Mark Hamill's Joker, whether DCAU or the Arkham series of games, gave most us of us the voice we hear in our heads whenever we read the character's lines. The voice and ironic laugh are just unbeatable, and the cartoon very cleverly kept a psychotic clown character in a show geared for children by hinting at the horror without often painting the picture. He was a nice balance of silly and psycho.

Frank Miller's Joker in Dark Knight Returns or Alan Moore's in The Killing Joke each defined the character in their own way. They're two of the darker interpretations, but they're undeniable classics. DKR undoubtedly influenced A Death in The Family, one of the most infamous stories in comics with lasting repercussions. 

Grant Morrison's Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth was groundbreaking and a terrifying look at the character.

The New 52 face-as-a-mask version of Death of the Family was over-the-top, but perhaps the most horrifying. 

As for Heath Ledger, his Joker was intelligent, meaningful, and, in spite of all his cunning calculation and strategic planning, an ironic agent of chaos. It's one of the most memorable and iconic performances in film. 

The Joker is quite possibly the best villain in all of fiction and certainly the best in comics. With so many different takes on the character, I don't see a "best." I see different ways of looking at the same thing, and that thing is the scary nature of the universe and especially death being sadly chaotic and what it means to confront that. 




 Everything since the Bill Finger/Bob Kane original Batman of 1939 is an interpretation of the original and they've all been somewhat-to-radically different ever since, comics included. 

Based on the title of your post, I assume you're mainly concerning yourself with The Joker, and unless you're talking about Jerry Robinson, Bill Finger, and Bob Kane's Joker of the 1940s, you are again talking about a character that has had dozens of different interpretations. 




 Ales is spelled with lowercase letters as opposed to ALS which is all caps, which distinguishes it. Any confusion disappears once they see the "Benefiting ALS.net," again continuing the use of lowercase letters where an initialism isn't being used.

The only other thing they could have done is "A.L.S.," but that is old fashioned and unnecessary.  




 Made its rounds a couple months ago on Reddit too.

Here's the commercial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKV0QuQsonk

title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[How To Get a Job](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/34n3u9/how_to_get_a_job/) | 2750 | 2^mos | funny | 312
[The bro code.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gif/comments/34mwlq/the_bro_code/) | 1249 | 2^mos | gif | 42
[The bro code.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Unexpected/comments/34mwl9/the_bro_code/) | 2941 | 2^mos | Unexpected | 259
[Best Friends](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/3517g2/best_friends/) | 136 | 2^mos | gifs | 14 




 I knew I'd seen it before; I just couldn't remember where.

I actually thought this had been posted way more than it has.

title | points | age | /r/ | comnts
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
[\[Gif\] MRW I pick up my sister and her hot friends are watching.](http://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/244tx9/gif_mrw_i_pick_up_my_sister_and_her_hot_friends/) | 446 | 1^yr | teenagers | 26
[My reaction as kid when my sister would have friends over](http://www.reddit.com/r/reactiongifs/comments/244jdz/my_reaction_as_kid_when_my_sister_would_have/) | 308 | 1^yr | reactiongifs | 5
[Making an entrance.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2449yt/making_an_entrance/) | 20 | 1^yr | gifs | 5
[How to make an entrance](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/241jnb/how_to_make_an_entrance/) | 2487 | 1^yr | funny | 424
[I want to be this guy.](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1yts0s/i_want_to_be_this_guy/) | 61 | 1^yr | funny | 9
[How to make an entrance](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1xjrif/how_to_make_an_entrance/) | 2408 | 1^yr | funny | 180
[Like it's no big deal](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1ut0m5/like_its_no_big_deal/) | 686 | 1^yr | gifs | 31
[Joining the party](http://www.reddit.com/r/awesome/comments/33hoxa/joining_the_party/) ^**B** | 614 | 2^mos | awesome | 35
[It doesn't get any more EPIC than this](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1vtqbl/it_doesnt_get_any_more_epic_than_this/) | 16 | 1^yr | gifs | 4
[I believe they call this "swagger"](http://www.reddit.com/r/whitepeoplegifs/comments/1ric34/i_believe_they_call_this_swagger/) ^**B** | 2382 | 1^yr | whitepeoplegifs | 122
[How to pickup chicks with style...](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/1rftr7/how_to_pickup_chicks_with_style/) ^**B** | 2177 | 1^yr | gifs | 153

 




  Technically 'pink' is just light red

It's got a bit more range than that in terms of what most people would call "pink." In optics, pink can refer to any of the colors between bluish red (purple/violet) and red, of medium to high brightness and of low to moderate saturation.

Although pink is *generally* considered a tint of red--so you're not wrong--most variations of pink lie between red, white and magenta colors. This means that the pink's hue is usually between red and magenta, not just red. 




 I love Teen Titans Go! Robin. 

[All of them](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mmqO26VbaE). 









 TATSUMAKI SENPUU KYAKU!!! 




 Also fun, when singing the vocals for the song "Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da," McCartney made a slip and said "Desmond stays at home and does his pretty face", rather than Molly, and had Molly letting "the children lend a hand." George Harrison and Lennon yell "arm" and "leg" during a break in the song; between the lines "...Desmond lets the children lend a hand" and "Molly stays at home..."

Also, Maxwell's Silver Hammer includes Paul laughing over a lyric because John mooned him in the studio after some bad blood between the two over the song. 




 she has only appeared in comics

So, is she canon? 




 I like to draw comic art, but I'm not good enough to be a professional.

Then I see shit like this and wonder why I'm not living the dream... 




 That has to be at least part of it, coupled with movements promoting self-esteem and fat acceptance.  




 If there's one cosplay I never get tired of seeing... 




 A female Comedian would have interesting implications on that book... 




 Actually, [there are two.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4189260/) 




 I had no idea. I've never played the video games, but my daughter and I build Lego Batman sets all the time and when we discovered there was a movie, we were pleasantly surprised. I really liked it. That's why I found it weird everyone is talking about a Lego Batman movie like it's a new thing; we have two of them on DVD. 




 [And the existing Lego Batman movie.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2465238/?ref_=nv_sr_3) 




 [Also in the Lego Batman movie that came out in 2013.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2465238/?ref_=nv_sr_3) 




 Neither is beating a dead horse. 




 What happened to Charlie Schlatter?

I thought Troy Baker was fine as Batman, but I do like Will Arnett. 




 Good or bad is not measured solely by the experience of the victims or whether or not the victims feel victimized, especially when they're robbed of the ability to know one way or the other.

Surely I don't need to explain how it's unethical to intentionally handicap a person or dictate their lot in life. 




 [This Slate article appears to back OP.](http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_eye/2013/11/07/revolving_doors_why_don_t_we_use_them_more.html)

The story goes like this: Theophilus Van Kannel hated chivalry. There was nothing he despised more than trying to walk in or out of a building, and locking horns with other men in a game of oh you first, I insist. But most of all, Theophilus Van Kannel hated opening doors for women.

He set about inventing his way out of social phobia. And thats how, in 1888, Theophilus Van Kannel was awarded US Patent #387571 A for a storm-door structure, which would soon become known as the revolving door. 




 And any good it did is likely to be undone by Rorschach's journal.  




  Your whole life planned out for you

Remember that part of that plan sometimes meant things like being brutally shocked as a baby for crawling toward flowers, rampant brainwashing/programming, and the possibility of having been intentionally made genetically inferior so as not to question your predetermined lot in life. 




 I wasn't saying you were wrong; I was merely clarifying. I assumed you knew. 




 Yes. It never happened. 




 "You dress up like a giant bat and punch lunatics for fun but *I'm* the crazy one?" ~ The Joker 




 No, the gentleman's deleted comment said that being a parent of a child with autism isn't any more effort than a child without, which is an asinine comment. 

However, speaking strictly to your question, as horrible as this sounds, I did work with some kids who would have been better off dead, and please don't judge me too harshly until you've had the same experiences. The quality of life for some incredibly low-functioning autistic kids, as well as the severely mentally or physically disabled would be like a lifelong nightmare for some. 

If you were confined to a wheelchair, had little motor control, needed someone to spoon feed you food that has been put through a blender with thickening agent, you had to be fed tiny amounts over a long period of time to limit the likelihood of choking, and you were constantly shitting yourself and incapable of communication, would *you* want to live? 




 Organic web shooters make sense because gaining the powers of a spider should totally include the ability to make webs, but technically, they should be coming from his ass, not his wrists... 




 That's like saying the world isn't responsible enough to possess graphene. It's just an incredibly useful substance. The world already possesses nuclear weapons and web fluid is a problem? 




 Yep. Ask anyone who read Ender's Game and then saw the movie... 
























