 Stalin!  




 Freshman roommate smelled like gym sock Asian food dry rotting in a theater trashcan. Constantly.  




 He's good, but he is no Frightened Inmate #2 




 This is a vagina without the normal disguise  




 You realize that by not giving them your business, they will cut more hours and begin to lay people off  
























 I feel like there is a good Tom Hanks joke floating around in there, as he was the conductor on polar express and had past lives in Cloud Atlas.  




 Milo and Otis #throwback  




 Psh my penis is like three inches...from the ground  




 I give you the best parents in the world  




 Wait, so where is the water coming from exactly. And the food. Are we teraforming?  





























 This is next level true  




 This is the epic meal time of duck tape.  




 Where are the boots? ;)  




 You need to post to r/cringe  
























 Haha, guess you dodged a bullet then. 




 Wow that's so cool! 




 I do too, a little, though nothing like it was during, though I haven't seen her much since then. I'm almost done with college now so about 4 years 




 Who they are now NOT who they were then. And how long have you nursed the crush? 





























 If miller's world has so much gravity that it distorts time so much, how can they all even stand? 




 Teamviewer. Free remote desktop connection, and they have a mobile app, so you can control your pc from your phone. I spent a lot of money on building a nice desktop, and just remote to it from a cheap netbook or my android phone whenever I need it. Teamviewer is probably the most important free software I've ever used! The app has come a long way, I find the interface extremely logical and easy to use, you can also transfer files and it's just the best. 









 Maybe you bumped into them on a plane. Or maybe you went to college with them before they made it big. Proof gets mad ups. 




 Wow that's really rough, my heart goes out to you mate 
























 It means he is intelligent if a mirror makes sense to him 




 A new terms and conditions pops up. Only this account has the ability, and if anyone finds out it's lost forever. 




 In fact, there is a good possibility that the same arrangement of atoms that compose you also exists elsewhere in the universe. 









 That makes more sense, but the infograph leads you to believe that it's the planet's gravity. But I think you're right! 
























 Inspired by another post. Do you think it's good to make white lies like, if you don't brush your teeth they'll fall out and choke you in your sleep. Or if you don't eat your vegetables they grow big enough to come eat you. 














 Animals who understand they they are looking at themselves in a mirror are extremely intelligent 


































 Seriously love your guys stuff, I'm actually in Raleigh!! Hope you the best and brightest careers :) 




 You have to die in or immediately after the act of murder. 




 I think so too, or at least, kids have very vivid memories. So even when they don't understand something, it will eventually click with some new thing they learn and they have that aha moment 




 Yea in my opinion, (granted I'm 22 no kids so I have no real experience) I would think treating them like an intelligent person and telling the truth is better in the long run even though it probably won't achieve the desired effect immediately. 
























 The idea of having nothing to lose is something you can lose. Say you are single man with no debts and no assets, you have nothing to lose. You have a kid, and you lost your nothing to lose 









 Like, I know swans form monogamous relationships, but has one ever cheated? 




 When did we turn friction off? 




 How do you think civilization would be? If earth was and the sun and moon was all? Would we be different? 
























 Beauty. Beauty is firm, white flesh. Like Mother's. It's everywhere, and tries to stay just out of reach. Is it not a man's right to pursue that which is beautiful in this life? Life is so short, a man must consume that which is beautiful while he breathes? 

I found one today, something which is beautiful. I was in line, she was in front of me. I could see her beautiful skin. Her neck, the skin taught over her spine right there. She wore sandals. Her skin there drawing faintly over her meta tarsals. 

Her first name was Laura. They wrote it on the Styrofoam coffee cup. Laura. When she left, she got into a silver '04 civic, license plate XTZ 14A2.

Address, Laura Knolls, 1800 Crestwood Road, Apt 202. 

I'm looking at it now. Something beautiful is in there, something which is beautiful, and I am so hungry. 




 Hey, I just graduated six months ago, here's my advice looking back. 

Best advice I ever got was, find something you like, something that you can make money and a career out of. Don't waste your time and money on a major that's not going to do anything for you (I'm looking at you psych and history!) 

Go to class, do your homework. Honestly, take it easy your first year, let the party animals do there thing, they'll flunk out in a semester or two. By next year, you'll have a good GPA base and be with people who can party and do school. Which is pretty much how must of life is, party when you party, but get your shit done first. 

Make some mistakes. Nows the time to. And don't feel some huge pressure to get married when everyone starts getting engaged senior year. Life goes on, you need to figure out who you are before you'll ever be a good SO. 

Good luck! 




 Haha same. Just wondering, what if we could leverage technology to have a better understanding of people's opinions on issues and letting gvmt officials have access to that information. If elected officials constantly vote against majority opinion, maybe time to change? 




 If you could design a better government with everything we know today and the technology we have available, how would it work? In this scenario, assume you have the land you need to establish your government, you do not need to fight in order to obtain it. 














 Do you have Uber or Lyft in your area? This is a great way to make cash during off peak work hours. In a busy city, you can easily make 400-500 dollars on a weekend minus your fuel costs. Your son's should be able to care for themselves at nights on the weekends. Survive on what you have and slam this money on your credit card debt, and you will be a lot close to 0 in a year. Good luck, my heart goes out to you. 
























