 I buy crappy, $8 knock-off-Toms shoes from a pharmacy I work next to and they work better than any other brand I've ever had, including Sketchers.

Of course every four months or so they completely fall apart, but then I just have to spend $8 versus $40 like I did when I bought Sketches (that also fell apart after four months). 

I work in a store with carpet, though, so it might be a little different. 




 I've had so many bad ones (including some guy LITERALLY screaming in my face until I cried because his computer wasn't ready; I was a cashier at the time), but I'll pick a good one.

I was out to dinner next door to my store after work, just by myself, and the waiter came up to me and said that the couple across the restaurant wanted to pay for my meal. They were regular customers and hugged me and said how great I was. I will honestly never forget that. 




 Your managers are dumb. Fighting with those people is one of my favorite things, I'd never give in to them. MAYBE on Staples coupons just to avoid a complaint, but never on manufacturers.  




 I got an 2 TB external hard drive for $19 once (usually $90). Also a bunch of 8gb flash drives for .50 each. And a book case for $8. 

There's a desk in our warehouse, usually $100, now $9 that I might grab.  




 I've been the full-time team supervisor since the position rolled out.

I like the position, tbh. I am consistently running around, probably doing the jobs of two people, and getting paid way too little. BUT, if I hated it, I wouldn't be there. My associates like me as a manager because I've never gone on ~power trips. BUT, my first part-time counterpart DID and everyone hated him. And I think that's probably common because normal people with lots of manager experience and a good work ethic don't really want to work for 11-12 dollars an hour. 

As a whole, I think the position is a good idea at some stores (like mine, tier 4, 12-13 employees). At higher volume stores with more employees, I think eliminating the assistant position for two team supervisors is a stupid idea. It's just not enough.  




 I'm not in Seattle but I'm in the same district and... I wouldn't count on it. 

 




 Not at my store, surprisingly. 

I'm sorry, that's really dumb. It sounds horrible.  




 Yeah, unfortunately as a full time Team Supervisor, you HAVE TO have open availability. I'm pretty sure it's listed as a requirement in the qualifications. :(

I think it's different for other positions because (at least at my store) the full time team supervisor is more integral than any other position.  




 Yep. Super annoying. I stopped handing them out, unless it's for one of those customers that takes like 30 seconds to gather their stuff. 

When there's three entries, AND THEN the $30 off $90 or $10 off $50 it feels like an eternity. Earlier I had to move to another register while it was printing. Ridiculous. 




 One time I had a customer who loaded up her entire cart with desk accessories, notebooks, pens, just random stuff. It ended up being around $400 and 10 bags of stuff. When she went to pay she was like "wait, this is Office Depot, right?" And I was like "...no, this is Staples" and she freaked out and said "I'M ONLY AUTHORIZED TO PURCHASE FROM OFFICE DEPOT! I THOUGHT THIS WAS OFFICE DEPOT!"

All I could do was shake my head. And put all of her stuff back. 




 Yep. Whenever a customer says "Hey you should really change that! Let your higher ups know!" I always say "You'd have better luck than me! Call this number!" and I hand them the presidents line card.  




 32 cent raise.  




 I only get points from my GM, and I won some random contest for being recognized and got 20 points.

The CPC people at my store are drowning in points, it's ridiculous. I was talking to one guy and he was like "yeah I think I only have 450 right now".

I have 130 and I've never used any. But being a Team Supervisor doesn't really give me the opportunity to earn a lot -- I don't sell tech and I probably ring up 50 people a week.  
























 I'm sure John Mulaney is hilarious, but the writing on this show seems horrible. 

"I have a feeling I'll never get booked on Letterman?"
"What'd the booker say?"
"You'll never get booked on Letterman"

Cue the laugh track and me turning the channel.  




 I think the world will finally know peace when Netflix decides to add all of the original Law and Order episodes. 

Briscoe/Curtis/McCoy 4 life. 




 How to Get Away With Murder was definitely my favorite pilot. Shonda strikes again.

I've also (kind of) been enjoying Red Band Society. Hoping the coma kid wakes up or dies, though, or they just eliminate the annoying narration. I see it getting canceled, though.

And Black-ish is good, too.  




 I caught a girl stealing headphones and a bunch of other stupid stuff once. I followed her into the bathroom, she got startled and dropped all the packaging. I said "did you pay for that?" She said yes. I asked for her receipt, she said she threw it away. I said "okay, well let's go look it up." She got all cocky and said okay. Halfway to the register I said if I couldn't find it I was calling the cops. She backed down, opened her bag, and handed me all the stuff. This girl was like 13. 

I've caught plenty of meth-heads stealing pens and velcro, but the little girl with the Hello Kitty headphones is still my best thief story. 




 Customer comes in with a printed page "so you carry this, where might I find it?" It's a popcorn maker or a treadmill or something equally ridiculous. "I'm sorry ma'am/sir, that's an online only item"... " No it isn't"... "Yes it is... it says 'online only' right there"... "Well can you call another store?"... "It's online only, meaning you can only order it from our website"... "Can you just check?"... "..." 




 We both just got our asses handed to us by our GM. Our DM wanted someone to be held responsible (aka fired) but we were both to blame so it just got forgotten about.

Anytime some idiot cashier puts ink out without a box now I'm all over it. I found a $24.99 Epson 200 tricolor pack with no box earlier and I freaked haha, I don't think the paranoia will go away as long as I'm at Staples. 




 I have no idea honestly. The Epson one happened on a really busy day where it was just me and two other people. I think someone just came in with an open duffle bag, grabbed the ink and walked out. It would have probably only taken a minute or two and I'm sure the person planned it. We don't have cameras or anything so who knows.

The Canon one happened on a morning pretty close to when the Epson thing happened, so I'm sure it was the same people. I'm pretty sure I came close to being fired for the Epson theft. If there wasn't another MOD there I'm sure I would have been. 




 A year or so ago someone jacked literally all of our Epson ink, like $5000 worth. So we started alpha boxing all of it. Then the same thing happened with our Canon ink (not $5000, maybe $500) so we started alpha boxing all of that, too.

Now everything is boxed, except Kodak, because no one likes Kodak. 




 I probably watch three movies I've never seen a month, sometimes more. This WEEK I've watched five or six but I probably won't watch any more for a few weeks. 

Every year I set a goal to watch 150 movies I've never seen, and I do really good for like a month. And then I stop completely. 




 I watched The Rock for the first time today. Pretty good, actually. Nicolas Cage and Sean Connery are hilarious. 

"How in the name of ZEUS' BUTTHOLE did you get out of your cell?" 




 The other day a guy brought back a shredder. I heard him say to my tech associate "yeah I just want to swap it out". He didn't have a receipt so he needed me to look it up. I asked when he bought it he said "oh, I don't know, maybe six months ago?" 

I was just like "... no, we can't do that. Our return policy is 14 days." He was just like "I'll remember that next time I decide to shop here." 

Also had someone wanting to return a laptop after a year because it was running slow. I asked if he bought the extended warranty, he asked "no, why would I do that?" He started yelling when I denied it and I said "every retail location has a similar return policy, I don't really know what to say" and he flipped out.

We also get tons of non-receipted return requests. Oh yeah, I totally believe you bought three of the same $50 daytimers, two pairs of the same headphones, a Mophie case and a $100 Kenneth Cole backpack. It's gotten to the point where I just say "nice try, but no." 




 Awesome job! 




 I think my store's budget is like, $2200 or something. Any store in my district that sells over $3K consistently gets a tech bench, but I think we've hit $3K like... once ever and that was a year and a half ago. We usually hit $1000-$1500 lately. BUT, for the last year we've had like, 1.5 techs (.5 because usually weekends are all they can work) and no SSM. 

We usually hit 6% ESP, sometimes higher sometimes lower (this past week it was like... 1.7% or something equally fucking awful, but the week before it was 8%) Goal is 7% but 6% is acceptable.

Talking to customers is the main thing, I think. I do pretty shitty with sales when I'm like "buy the fucking Dell and get out of my face." But when I'm like "hey how's it going, what are you using this for, oh I have a sister named Alice, too, yeah the parade was really cool, oh Big Brother is great this season, blah blah" people are way more likely to buy Squaretrade, Office, Total Support, etc. 

Anytime you see anyone over 50 heading into the laptop/tablet section, grab them. Old people are your key demographic because 99% of the time they don't know what the hell they're doing. Mention viruses and you're in. 

And you gotta be pretty shady. When my store had a TCE (long, long ago) a customer brought in their computer because they're screen was flipped upside down. Now we all know this can be fixed by pressing a few buttons. My TCE charged this poor old lady the full diagnostic fee. As soon as she was out the door he pressed the buttons and it was fixed. He called her the next day and made up some bullshit.  
























 Jeez, that's rough, I'm sorry. I didn't even think about the tier 3 into tier 4 stores. You guys don't have the ops position and the ssm is probably guaranteed the assistant unless they suck. God its messed up. 

Sorry again, hopefully you get enough severance to get by for awhile. 




 $12.95. FT team supervisor,  been with the company two and a half years. Started as a cashier making $9.50. 




 I couldn't believe the message from Cross Channel "this was intentional so the customer can't use the coupon and has to pay the full price"... WHAT.

I was pissed. It's not like these morons that write the ad have to deal with the irritated customer. 

I kept trying to order a desktop from the ad for a customer from the kiosk so they could use the $100 off coupon, it kept saying it was not available in my area. So I went on my phone and tried to order it and it brought me to the credit card page just fine.

LUCKILY we had one in the back that was returned from like July and it was in perfect working condition.  




 Of course you can, they can't tell you "no you can't quit," but don't expect a good reference or to be rehireable.  




 Solution Builder is the easiest thing in the world to use. I feel weird now even using the register to ring up something than a color or black and white copy. Self serve SKUs do not count against you, my store uses them all the time and we have frequently been in the 99-100% range.

Here's a tip: Don't even bother with the whole "what's your first name, last name, blah blah". It's a waste. I make up all the information, print out the payment ticket, and then ask for their rewards information at the register. If they are a regular customer, sure I'll put in their rewards number at the kiosk, but for most people I just make up the information. It's so much faster and hasn't hurt my store in any way.

I don't know what counts against us more, conversion or DPT. I think it's conversion, which is why I don't give a fuck if someone wants one black and white copy. I'll ring it out. It looks better than someone who walked in without spending any money.

The express card thing makes no sense. Because you can't give someone an express card for 12 cents without ringing it out at the register. Which counts towards your DPT... soooo. And if grandma doesn't have a debit card and wants a copy of her social security letter, she's gonna get one from me. I'm not gonna make her get a card, put a dollar on it, haul her ass over to the self-serve copier, make the copy for her, then cash out her card and give her the remaining 88 cents. 

Come on. That's just shitty customer service.

If you are BLATANTLY going against company policy, like saying fuck solution builder. Then yeah that's a reason to get fired. So just use it and you'll be fine. 




 We usually get 6 or 7 pallets per week, occasionally 8 or 9. This used to take us maximum two days. Now usually 4-5 days.

We do about 7-10k a day, have one tech in the whole store, a tech supervisor, one copy center associate and a copy center supervisor, four or five cashiers (but most of them can only work 2 or 3 days a week so there is rarely any overlap), an IS, and a PT team supervisor. And me. No GM.

That's our whole staff. It's usually me that does most of the truck, with a little help here and there. Pretty pathetic. 




 Shit's hard everywhere, man.

This is retail. You're going to either bust your ass, work way harder than you should for meager pay and not enough hours or no recognition OR you're going to slack off, not give a shit, and do the bare minimum for the same pay and not enough hours and no recognition. It all depends on what kind of person you are.

I bust my ass. My store has been without a GM for close to a month. I am running my store with like, seven associates TOTAL, an IS, a copy center lead, and a tech lead. The only saving grace is my DM is allowing me and the other fulltimers overtime. But I know, that once we do get a GM, no one is going to hand me a bunch of stars points or give me a pat on the back. Even though my associates and I are working our asses off. 

I'm not a GM but I do know it's fucking hard not allowing the associates to work over 25 hours. They're complaining and it's harder than hell to get every area of the store adequately covered. 

Staples IS a joke. It's ridiculous. And it's only going to get worse. So, I hate to say it, but if you can't handle it then get out now. Because stores are going to start closing (more of them), kiosk sales are going to become more and more important, and hours are going to decrease further. I've been with the company two and a half years and things were really good back then -- we had like, 16 associates, an assistant manager, and all the leads. But as time has gone on... less and less associates, less and less hours allotted... now we don't even have a GM and no sight of one in the near future.

You have a job. Yeah it probably sucks but either way you're getting paid. If you don't like it, find something else.

And yeah, even as a team supervisor I have returned year-old printers, handed those coupons out like fucking crazy... because it's not my money. If the company wants to keep customers coming back, then that's what I'll help do. It's part of the job. 




 Nope. My store doesn't drug test and I don't think any in my district do. 




 They really should have made it free with any purchase or something because this shit's ridiculous. 

People were trying to do like 20 cases when it clearly says one per customer. It was just stupid. And I guarantee half of them are going to be back tomorrow. 

Luckily we're almost out. Tempted to hang a sign outside when we inevitably do run out so people don't fuck with our conversion rate. 




 Does anyone else do like, a shit ton of manual returns?

I did four today alone. Usually I do a couple a week, at least, and I'm always afraid corporate is going to be like "wtf" because I'm sure they monitor it. Because, lbr, it's super easy to rip off the company that way. 

I have explanations for all of them but I'm still paranoid. Has anyone ever gotten talked to about manual returns?  




 Dude fuck the ink planogram. I spent a 12 hour shift and than another four hours doing that stupid thing. What a waste. 

And I know. I had to set up two huge ass tables of crap and a ton of bulk stacks. Yay for upstocking it all again in a couple days!

We have these fucking 20% off bag coupons every few months, they're nothing new.  




 Definitely Interstellar. 

Also excited for Gone Girl and Fury. 




 Occasionally I'll just go on Netflix and watch a random movie without every hearing anything about it. I've discovered some really great movies that way.

Last night I watched The Frozen Ground, which was pretty fantastic. Also coming to mind is Dear Zachary, It's a Disaster, The Imposter, and The Woman Who Wasn't There. 

What about you guys? Any great discoveries? 
























 Familiarity mostly. I've also been promoted three times in almost three times and now I make a pretty decent amount of money for a retail job. I have a BA and there are barely any jobs I'm qualified for that pay as much as I make at Staples.

I also don't mind it, mostly. Lately my patience has kind of been wearing thin, mostly due to annoying new people and stupid, unrealistic corporate expectations. But, another perk is paid vacations, and I have one coming up so hopefully that will give me my motivation back. 




 So I've been in somewhat of a supervisor role with Staples for a little more than two years. Over that time I've been pretty good about motivating people to do their jobs; I have a positive attitude, I joke around with the associates. Whatever. And I've made it work so far. Until now.

All of my associates now (minus a couple) are lazy. They do below the bare minimum. Rewards penetration is at an all time low, ESP is shitty, digital receipts suck, kiosk orders... basically nothing is good. These people can't even shoot a pull list or face the store correctly. It's sad.

So how do you motivate people who just don't care? I mean 39% rewards pen.? That is literally not giving a shit. 

I don't like to be mean, it's never been my strong suit. I just feel like people should do their jobs without having to be babysat, but I guess that's too much to ask. And I'm in this awkward position as a new assistant manager where everything falls on me, but I have no power. I can't say "you sold one plan this month, you can't face, and you have a 44% rewards pen.? You suck, you're fired". 

Tl;Dr My people suck, how do I get them to not suck? 




 I average around 15K a day. My record is 30K, when I worked 8am until 9:30pm or something with no breaks and no lunch. 

Clearly I work too hard for no reason.  




 I think the easiest way to do it is to just search the name of the chair or the SKU in the search box in the HUB.  




 Make a sweater out of them and mail it to the home office.  




 "The paper is $7.79, but you get a rebate for $4.00 that you can mail in or do online. Doing it online is super easy, takes about a minute, and they mail you a check!"

I say this probably 20 times a week, every week. Every once in a while I'll get the grumpy old man that's like "I don't have time for that bullshit" but I'll say "if you can't figure it out, sir, come in and I'll do it for you." And I have before, it takes like 30 seconds if you know what you're doing. 




 God, I had a customer yesterday, she bought the last Toshiba Satellite we had (the one that's like, $279 or something after the rebate and coupon). Then she sent her husband and her kids in with kiosk orders. And the coupon.

All in all it was like, 5. And I had no cause to deny it because they were all different customers. My associate asked "are these for family members or...?" and they were just like "oh... yeah... family..." Bitches. 




 Luckily my store didn't get any that actually went through. I looked at all the surrounding stores, though. The closest one, 15 orders for the same lady. Then the one the next city over, 15 orders for the SAME lady from the other store. THEN the next city over after THAT, ANOTHER 15 orders for the same lady.

And they were all canceled. Like, how long did she spend doing that? Probably hours. Lunatic.  




 I don't take breaks or lunches, but it's a choice. I never deny any of the associates breaks and always cover when needed whether it's cashiering or copy center.

Your MODs need to get their shit together. Sometimes I see covering a break as a waste of time but I still do it. Demand your breaks, just say "I'm going, figure it out" and I guarantee they'll just deal. If not, go to HR. 




 Just wondering if employees can use this and actually get 25% back. I made a fairly big purchase earlier and used it, and it would be pretty awesome to get a little more than $75 in rewards. 




 26. Retail manager. No, but it pays the bills, keeps me on my feet, and I don't hate it.

I got my BA in social work, couldn't find a job that paid more than $11 an hour. And I don't want to work with old people, drug addicts, kids, or basically anyone with problems so I don't know why I majored in social work. I think I was just looking for something to major in and I never realized it wasn't what I wanted to do until I graduated.

I don't know what I want to do with my life, honestly. 




 2001 was a simpler time. Looking back it was pretty stupid, but in 2001 I think we were all like the kid in the movie; "WOAH SMASHMOUTH?!" 




 The Butterfly Effect. Trainspotting. American Psycho. 
























 Chasing Life.

Super cheesy ABC Family show, but it's actually pretty good. I've been marathonning the first season all day and was excited to hear there's a second one premiering in a couple months. 




 A shorter list would be what movies DON'T make me cry.

Most recently it was The Imitation Game. I think the movie that has made me cry the longest and hardest is The Cove. 

I also cry every time I watch Sleepless in the Seattle when Tom Hanks says "we'd better go" and Meg Ryan is like "aw man, he isn't into me" and then he says "shall we?" and holds out his hand. 




 I think she's more like an assistant to Nick Fury, which explains why she's there. 

Every time she speaks, though, I cringe.  




 Because the poster and the trailer made it out to be your typical romcom.

It was a really great movie though, so well written and acted.  




 I wouldn't call it absolutely horrible, but I much prefer No Country for Old Men the movie vs. the book by Cormac McCarthy. 




 Michael Moore seems like kind of a dbag in real life, but his movies always reel me in.

Sicko and Bowling for Columbine stick out as the best ones for me.  




 The Mist 




 Agreed. I still remember feeling just complete and utter shock. I stared at the screen with my jaw dropped well into the credits. 

I don't think anything could ever top that one. 




 The Family Stone.  




 This is one of only a few trailers I go back every few months and watch like four times. I still have that version of Creep and listen to it all the time. 

And I still remember experiencing the trailer in the theater for the first time. The theater was at capacity but also quiet and it seemed like everyone collectively sighed when it was over. 




 There's Something Wrong With Aunt Diane 




 So I'm the assistant manager in a tier 4 store. I guess this also means I am the sales manager? Fine.

This is how my day is supposed to go...

Check in with GM. Check numbers (kiosk, ESP, tech, digital receipts, rewards pen, solution builder, daily sales, VIBE, market basket, ink attachment, paper attachment, paper to ink attachment), meet with all associates about all of these numbers, attempt to improve them 10 fold, work all the freight by myself with a little help from whatever associate is there (not many because there are only 7 in the whole store), shoot pull lists for the entire store, work them until they are completely finished, file them, provide platinum customer service, sell the shit out of everything even though we have nothing, shadow cashiers to make sure they aren't fucking up digital receipts, tell cashiers what part of the signature experience they weren't following, hold rally meetings to discuss goals and how we aren't even close to meeting them, make the store look amazing, do banking, settle tills, check the updated numbers, email all the numbers, babysit closing cashier to make sure they did something other than stand around, walk store, clock out, lock doors, go home, stress out about numbers and how I'm probably going to lose my job because my store can't sell ESP or tech for shit, toss and turn for a while, eventually fall asleep.

Do all of this and cover copy center breaks and lunches and possibly even cashiers' breaks and lunches, depending on the day. And intake computers because I only have one tech. 

Wake up and do it all over again.

Just... I don't really know what to do. It's too much. My head is going to explode from all the pointlessness. Yet... I care. I've been with Staples three years, been almost every position, but I think I might have reached my breaking point. 




 I think it really depends on your SSM and GM. My store has some absolute shit tech sales, so I say bring in whatever you can, but technically all existing computers should be brought in under diagnosis and repair. 

I installed Office on a computer the other day. Was I going to charge this person $160 + the install SKU? Hell no. For any security issue I probably would, though. 

So far I've told three people, two with viruses, how much the whole thing costs. Every single one looked at me like I was insane. It's rough, especially when you live in the poor part of town. 
























 Speed. I was 6. My entire family loved (and still loves) that movie, we'd watch it all the time. 




 There was a MAP communication like four or five months ago that said we're supposed to mark food down 50% up to 90 days after expiration. 

Either way, though, this company is super wasteful. We're not allowed to sell the food, take it home, give it away, donate it... we just have to throw it in the trash. It's ridiculous. 




 I'm in WA too, and my store is hiring, especially for Easy Tech.  




 Came here to say this. That grilled cheese he makes for his kid in the beginning... my god. Watched that movie once and I still think about that sandwich all the time. 




 Like someone else said, Napoleon Dynamite. I never appreciated it when I was younger. Also HATED The Departed when I first saw it, I wanted to leave the theater. But I must have been a total moron back then because now I love it. 




 A Few Good Men 




 Primal Fear. 




 No one truly knows what's going to go down. I'm sick of hearing these bogus threats on every conference call. Maybe Staples is going to keep some Office Depot locations because the people that don't like Staples like Office Depot. Maybe they're going to keep every single location of both stores and turn them all into Staples Depot Max.

NO ONE knows, especially us. The merger hasn't even been approved yet. I don't like Staples, I've worked for the company for too long for too little, but these scare tactics are just stupid. 




 I watch Veep and every time someone goes into their supply closet it's full of Staples products. Pens, paper, folders, everything.

Same with Chasing Life, but they put like a post it on every Staples logo, but it's still clearly our stuff.

This is how you know you've worked at Staples too long. 




 Target - all black shoes, $8. And I'm sure they have pants, too. Dress code is a pain in the ass. I despise telling people they have to tuck in their shirt, so much that I don't really care unless their ass is hanging out. But someone shows up in yoga pants... that's another situation. 




 Interstellar (2)
The Avengers (3)
Inception (4) [boyfriend I were obsessed about the different theories so every time a new one came out we saw it again]
The Dark Knight (2)
Star Trek (3)
 




 The last half hour of so of Speed drives me INSANE. I love Speed, I have seen it literally 50 times. I just cannot stand the whole subway part.

I know they had to resolve it but god it's awful. 




 My boyfriend I have two american eskimos (SUPER hairy and fluffy dogs). We recently got one of those Himalayan salt lamps and it really seems to have reduced the dust and the air seems clearer. 
























 Donate plasma, sell any extra stuff on eBay, try making money online.   




 27/F. Long story, but I never got my license. I've been relying on my boyfriend and public transportation for the last 11 years. It's been really inexpensive, since I work three miles away from where I live, but I think it's time I ~grow up~ and drive. 

Another reason other than the stigma and overall feeling like a loser waiting for the bus: I got my BA in social work three years ago, and most jobs require a drivers license and a car. My job right now isn't bad, but I don't see myself there in the next year. Getting a car would open up my opportunities like 50x because I could also look at different cities to work in.

I have $4K saved, my boyfriend has around the same. We've been together 10 years, and he has said he'd help me buy a car when I'm ready to. I take home a little more than $2K a month, he takes home around $3K. We have the typical expenses. Our rent is $1350/month which is high, but other than that nothing crazy. Our combined credit card debt is around $2K and I have a student loan that's down to $900. I try to pay $75/month on it.

I want to start looking at cars, but I don't really know what to look at or when. I definitely don't want to pay a shitload each month on a car payment, but I don't want a piece of crap 1992 Ford either. My boyfriend says I should match what I have now and save up another $4K, but saving up that money was kind of a fluke. I was able to get as much overtime as I wanted for five months so I ended up working a bunch of 50-60 hour work weeks which gave me no time to spend money, but a lot to save. It probably COULD happen, but it would take me a long time and I don't know if I want to wait that long. 

What would be the best way to go about this? Wait until my loan and credit card is paid off? Start looking seriously right now and keep saving? Should I just pay cash, or should I get a loan so I could put my cash towards something else? 

Other things: My credit is decent, Credit Karma lists it as a 719. I don't want a truck or an SUV, and I don't see myself driving more than an average of 20 miles a day. The less I have to spend on gas/maintenance/insurance, the better. 




 I just turned 27 a week ago and am in the same boat. I got my BA in social work in 2012, needed a job straight out of college because I needed to move out of my mom's house, and started working retail. I've moved up pretty quick, to where now I earn about $30K/year (before taxes) but I still feel like... this is retail, what the fuck am I doing. People my age or younger come in to my work to buy stuff for their businesses, and they seem to be doing well, when I live in an apartment and have no car.

Things aren't all bad, my boyfriend is also in retail management and earns upwards of $40K a year, we have almost $10K in combined savings, minimal credit card debt, no loans, and two dogs that we love. But I still feel like a total loser sometimes.

The way I cope... the grass isn't always greener. We have no idea what goes on behind closed doors. The average debt in this country is $20K, and I know people with really nice cars and houses that have way more debt than that. So I think I'm doing pretty well for myself. Could I be doing better? Of course, but I should have majored in something in the medical field or business related if I wanted to be rich. 




 This is my issue, and why I usually never do.

But after this whole ordeal, I might start on technology items. I mean... lose $50 on a projector if we opened the box and it actually was intact and fine, or lose the entire $500 because we didn't check in the first place. 




 It took me like six months to watch the whole first season, but I finally did when it was put on Netflix. 

Great show, really excited for the new season.  




 Your AM and GM have 50 every month to give out "just because" and then 50 for associate of the month and Safety Bingo points, which can get up to like 175 or something.

So they're obviously not keeping up with it. 

I don't really earn them anymore because I really have no way to, but as a cashier I built up to around 350 and got a bunch of movie tickets, and they were all from my GM.

Start randomly recognizing people for doing a good job. Peer to peer recognitions automatically enter you and the person you recognize into a contest (I won 30 points from one once), and it's kinda fun and might get the ball rolling for your GM and AM to get their shit together with Stars. 

Yeah, it's kind of a stupid program, but it's better than nothing. 




 This old man was just BITCHING about Brother ink and the price of it one day. And I was like "yeah I'm sorry sir, I can check our competitors and see what kind of price match we can do for you". He got all uppity and said "where's the manager? I want to speak to him". I said "I am the manager sir"

His demeanor did like a 180. He got all calm and collected. Like what's the difference, I'm a fellow human, therefore you shouldn't treat me like shit. It doesn't matter what title I have.  









 I still really like Save the Last Dance.  




 19 year old brother - Blow,
22 year old brother - Scarface 




 Identity 




 Two Staples in my district are closing next month. 




 Old people bring in emails to be printed a lot, like "send a money order for $100,000 for the Nigerian Prince, he needs you".

Also had a guy super recently print a 17x23 photo of this young Asian girl. I clicked on one of the other pictures on his flash drive and I guess it was like her cover photo or something because in the bottom right hand corner it said "AsianPrincess.com" or something. He kept saying "all I need to see is her pretty face, you can crop everything else out." And then he came in with a frame for the photo. Super creepy.

And a prostitute made business cards once. Her naked ass was basically the whole card. Classy. 
























 If I Stay. Loved the book so much, even if it's YA. Stayed up half the night reading it and the other half reading the sequel. Movie was just... meh.

Also The Road.  




 No Country for Old Men 




 Assistant Manager. My S5 counts anywhere from 22000-28000. Fitbit Charge counts around 16000-20000. I think the S5 is a little generous with the step counts.

I work ten hours a day, half hour lunch.  




 My dad had a kid five years ago (dad is 48).

I've seen her probably 15 times since she was born and she's a really cool kid but since the age difference is so huge, she doesn't really feel like my sister. It's probably a little different than your situation because I'm not very close with my dad, him and my mom separated when I was 2 and from then on he was kind of a deadbeat. And she's a half sister.

However, once she gets older I can't wait to have a relationship with her as a sister. Take her to movies, lunch, things like that.

Kids are easy. Say "wow, really?!" a lot and act interested in what they have to say. They love it. 




 You could have a sit down with her, say "look, we're both busy, I know shit gets crazy sometimes but we both need to do our fair share of the cleaning. If you're going to have a cat, you need to clean up after it".

If she doesn't get it and reverts back to what she normally does, I would just hold out until August and hang out in your room. If she asks why, say you don't want to smell like pee. Maybe she'll get the hint.

I was in a situation like this with two roommates, and one didn't have a job. She just let the house get so disgusting to the point where my boyfriend and I moved out and never spoke to them again, despite being good friends for 5 years. It's hard to be friends with someone when you realize how gross they are.

Some people are slobs and always will be. Your roommate might be one of those people. 




 Pen refills. Especially when they come in with like a big ass bag of pens they got from like banks and stuff and want refills for every one. Kill me.

Dated also sucks. And telephones.  




 Yeah that's kind of where I'm at now. We made a meal earlier that we have made multiple times in the past and we usually finish it, and then have a snack later.

We didn't even get close to finishing it and we were both super full. He had a snack later, but I was good for hours afterward until dinner. 

It is gross and really unnecessary. I've been reading the nutrition facts on stuff and lately he has too. A couple hours ago he was going to eat one of those Hersheys cookies and cream bars, read the nutrition facts and said "nope" and tossed it aside. 

I'm sure if you continue to do things, they might rub off on her. Unless she has absolutely no desire to be healthy, then there might be a problem. If you really believe it's effecting your progress though you should definitely talk to her.  




 If it probably hasn't happened yet, it probably won't.

I'm actively trying to eat better -- no fast food, no chips, minimal soda, lots of water, no eating after 8 o'clock. 

My boyfriend of ten years was kind of on board for the first few days and that's tapered off. But at night when he's having a bowl of cereal after dinner (yeah he does that too) and I'm quietly judging him while drinking a glass of water, he notices that "huh, maybe I'm not hungry" and won't finish it. Also if he's eating out of a bag of chips and sees me eating an apple, he'll just have a few instead of half the bag.

If you honestly think she has a problem with overeating, tell her. I've told my boyfriend that and vice versa. If there's open communication it shouldn't be an issue. 

If you're just annoyed because she gets to have the bowl of cereal and you don't, you're probably gonna need to get over it. Sit next to her with a glass of water and some fruit and see what she does. If you see her slurping the milk, it's probably hopeless. 




 I had to do pretty much all the cycle counts for my entire store last year for inventory, having never did a cycle count before. 

Paper was the worst. The confusing shit with the 10 of SKU 513099 is one SKU of 513096 and that business put me over the edge. Plus counting every... single... ream and every... single... pack of photo and specialty paper. It took me and one other person like all day. 




 So my boyfriend and I have had Blast! Plus for a couple years. I wanted cable so a year ago we added their super economy cable (30 channels or so, half are home shopping channels). They added that for free, and then it would be $30 or something a month after the year. 

The year rolled around and we called them and said we didn't want the cable anymore, they said they would just give it to us for free. That was a couple weeks ago. And I just realized we have HBO on Demand and all of the HBO channels except for the HD ones. 

They never mentioned this to us, it's nowhere on our bill. Did they fuck up, or with every service change do they throw in a trial of HBO? 




 If it's been a month I'll doubt you get a call. If they were actually looking for people you would have gotten a call or an email by now. 




 You'll get used to it. 





























 Tell him how you feel. If he doesn't change, or even worse belittles what you're saying and ignores it (which is what he probably will do based on your post), then say "okay, have a great life, good luck being happy" and move on.

 




 Uhhh, tell her you don't want to drive 16 hours in 4 days? If she's going to get actually MAD at you, then there are bigger issues here.

It's Fourth of July. There will be a lot more if you're going to get married. 




 I remember when I was in 3rd or 4th grade, it was the first day of school, and I got quarantined in a room with a bunch of other kids who didn't have their current MMR vaccines. They wouldn't let me back in class until I got my vaccinations current.

When I was a kid I was like "this is stupid, wtf" and now I think "wait, why isn't it like this everywhere?" 




 http://imgur.com/oH7FLAA

I've had this saved on my computer for literally 10 years. 




 She's got issues beyond whatever you two have going on. 

Get out before it becomes an even more serious problem. Sever all ties, go on the trip, and move on when you get back.  




 MySpace. Almost 10 years.

He messaged me asking if one of my friends was single. I said I didn't know, because I hadn't seen her in a few months.

Next thing I know it's 2am and he's asking me about movies. Following day we talked a bunch more, then went and saw The Cave. 

Turns out we were practically neighbors, living only a few blocks from each other. We've had ups and downs but it's been a great ten years. :) 




 ChristianMingle.com.  




 I honestly have no idea what makes us get into these certain mindsets. 

Unless there's something she said that you can put your finger on that would make you rethink everything, then you might just be bored. Example: If my boyfriend out of the blue said "god I hate animals" I would be like "this is over".

Like I said, I would wait a week or two or three before making any decisions like ending it with her. The stagnant period might end. If it lasts and you find it getting worse, then it might be time to call it quits. 




 Every once in a while relationships go through stagnant periods. I've been with my boyfriend for almost ten years and there are some days/weeks where I'm just like... what am I doing? This guy drives me crazy! And then it goes away for a couple years.

I wouldn't make any rash decisions for a little bit.  




 Ugggggh, no advice, but I have been there.

I started that book at like 1 in the morning. By 7 or 8 I was still awake and bawling. 

Read One Plus One by Jojo Moyes after, it'll soften the blow.  




 Andie MacDowell. Just thinking about her makes me angry. 




 I went into that movie completely blind, only saw the poster, no trailer or anything. Didn't even know the plot.

Walked out with it being one of my all time favorites, and it still is. It's just so funny and heartbreaking. It has it all. 




 Boyfriend and I went to see Click and the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie that didn't come out until the next day started playing. Everyone was like "fuck yeah!" and we all settled in... except one dick who got up and told the theater staff who gave us free tickets and sent us on our way.

Didn't see Click until a year or two later when I was feeling loathsome. Thankfully I didn't actually have to pay to see it. 
























 IT by Stephen King, around 1100 pages I think. 

Second is Fatal Vision at around 800 pages. 

Loved both books, but there were times when I was like "I'm never going to finish this." 




 Just My Luck.  




 I've been reading The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold off and on for over ten years. I've started it and put it down probably six times.

This last time I thought "okay, this is it, I'm going to finish this book if it's the last thing I do."

And then I hit the 15% mark and I just can't read it anymore. I'm not sure if it's the writing that's putting me off or what, I just can't ever come close to finishing it. 

Does anyone else have a book like this, that you've been trying to read for years but just can't get through?  




 I wouldn't do it. I'm sure some women would feel comfortable or even "grateful" like the woman you spoke to, but you don't and that's totally your perogative. It's your money, you should be able to handle it whatever way you want.

Maybe compromise -- you get a joint account with him that you both have access to. You both put 50% of your money into it, and then you each have separate accounts for the rest.

If he says no to that, that would be a deal breaker for me. You shouldn't have to ask your husband for an allowance if you're bringing the same amount of money to the table. 




 Godsend.

I'm probably one of 15 people that saw that crapfest in theaters. It's one of my deepest regrets. 




 October Sky 




 Have two dogs, go to the dog park fairly frequently. I've spoken to people but it's usually just "oh what breed? great weather we're having." 




 I'm 27 years old and I have no friends, and I haven't had one in years. And before that, even more years, and before that, never.

I was bullied pretty heavily through elementary, middle, and through part of high school. In high school I made a couple friends, one best friend I had through part of my senior year. In my senior year I met my current boyfriend. Around this same time my best friend and I had a falling out.

After high school I had a few jobs, never made any friends, went to college, made one friend. Her and I stopped talking about a year after graduation, and since then... no friends. I've had the same job for three years in retail, since I graduated college. I've always been way older than my coworkers, and now that I'm a manager I couldn't even be friends with anyone because it's fraternization and I don't want to get fired.

My boyfriend and I live together, we've been together ten years, and he's always been able to make friends and keep them. He's had friends for years and anytime he meets someone around his age, boom. Friends. They're chatting on Skype, gaming together, hanging out. 

We were talking earlier, and I realized... he's the only person I talk to. Other than my coworkers that I have to be professional with because I'm their boss... he's the only one. I see my mom and his mom once every couple months, same with my siblings. But other than that, it's just my boyfriend. And I don't think that's healthy, I really think it's affecting me. I feel like I can't properly articulate my thoughts into words and almost like I'm forgetting how to talk. It sounds stupid but that's the only way to describe it. I feel incredibly awkward and self-conscious and the person I'm talking to thinks I'm an idiot.

I think the reason I never learned to make friends is because I was so heavily bullied. The people I thought were my friends in middle school were using me and teasing me behind my back. And even though that was 15 years ago for some reason it's still affecting me. And I don't know how to get past it. Whenever someone shows any remote interest in me (which is very rare) I think they're really just making fun of me and think I'm a weirdo.

I'm just looking for some advice. I can put myself out there, join a gym, do a hot yoga class, join a club, whatever. But that won't help me not worry that the person I'm talking to thinks I'm weird or annoying.

Tl;dr Bullied in school, never really had any friends except for a couple in high school in college. Worry it's affecting me and worry that everyone that talks to me thinks I'm weird. 




 Infant Sorrow is one of my top to listened bands on last.fm. Searching for a Father is my jam. 




 I love Apollo 13. I've seen it so many times but I still get really emotional, especially in one of the last scenes where everyone is waiting to hear if they survived.

Such a fantastic movie.  




 Maybe not "ruined," but when Inception came out I absolutely loved it. But then the Internet got ahold of it and went fucking crazy, every other post on Tumblr was about it and I just got sick of hearing about it.

I still like the movie but I definitely got tired of it. 




 I don't really get it.

Companies need people spending money to make money. People need jobs to spend money on the companies' product for them to make money.

The more unemployed people the more everyone suffers. This is why I think the entire idea of working robots you don't have to pay is just asinine. 




 I recently went to Vegas with my boyfriend, too. First ~adult vacation with no family. 

I had more savings than him, so I paid for the hotel, flight, and a Hoover Dam tour ($900 or so) and he paid for the food and pretty much everything while we were down  there. Drinks, aquarium, etc.

I thought that was reasonable, and I think your request is reasonable too.  




 I have two minis and even though they're small grooming usually costs upwards of $50 each.

I've cut one of them myself a few times. The first time she looked really good, but the second and third it was really choppy and if she was in school she definitely would've gotten teased. 

It's Summer and even though we're in the PNW it is freaking hot. I catch one of them sitting in front of the fan constantly and I know having shorter hair would make them feel better, I just don't want to screw up their hair.

Anyone have any tips on grooming yourself? A special kind of scissors or anything that makes it easier and look nicer? 




 Fast food places are the only places you'll have a chance. McDonald's might be more difficult, look into Dairy Queen, Wendy's -- smaller chains, or even just local restaurants.  




 I work retail and have to have customers sign on a digital screen and on a piece of actual paper occasionally.

People are idiots. Big ass box, people sign outside the box. Thick line, people sign at the top of the page, bottom of the page, anywhere but the line unless I point it out. 




 District 9 I believe 




 I live in WA and have heard of so many people getting fired or not getting hired for a job because they failed the drug test. 

Just because it's legal doesn't mean anything. Company policies aren't going to change. 




 Harvest time!

(At least in my house) 
























