




 I wonder if voter turnout would go down if it was a holiday. 









 [words are] the wildest, freest most irresponsible most unteachable of all. Of course you can catch them and sort them and place them in alphabetical order in dictionaries but words do not live in dictionaries, they live in the mind 


































 Not at all, but Sartre and Borges wrote books and Orson Welles is very literary. 







































 Fresno boy here. 




















































































 Interesting article on the world's most costliest color. Economy affects how we think about colors and the feelings we attribute them. 
























 So, I guess the bigger question is, when will it be over. It seems as though much of modern human history is about the rights of humans-Martin Luthers thesis seem to be in the same vain in a weird niche way, so how does it end? Does it just move on to something/someone else?

Anyway, this is a great article, full of lots of little history goodies. 























































































































 Man, if this wasn't a under the table PR move by the Admins, I don't know what is. Listen to the rhetoric. Now she's the martyred savior and Pao has apologized, so she tells us to feel good about having our voices heard. They had all weekend think up this idea. Convincing the person you axed to make one more positive platitudinous statement that doesn't sully you name seems like the obvious way to go to appease the masses. 

The difference is between the Admins and the users? The Admins know how PR and the media cycle works. The users fucked it up when they tried make noise over a holiday weekend. 



























































 Interesting first-person look at what it is actually like to have OCD, and the kind of anti-logic that comes with it. 







































