




 **My 5 Questions:**

1. Do you feel any remorse for your crimes?

2. How were you treated in prison? 

3. Did you ever have a plan to turn Stratton Oakmont into a legitimate brokerage firm?

4. What's the most amount of money you've spent in one week?

5. Why did you decide to make a movie? 

**Public Contact Information:** 

http://jordanbelfort.com/contact_us/ 

















































 For instance if you live in a blue state would it even matter if you voted Republican?  





























 And if you could specify what political party you align with that'd be great. 



















 AR style rifles or "assault weapons" as they are commonly referred to are the main target of gun control. IMO this is the direct result of sensationalism on behalf of the media. I believe that anyone who thinks that AR style rifles are any worse than any other gun is uneducated on the matter and should have no say. I believe that anyone who uses an AR style rifle as an example of why we need gun control is either A) a politician using fear mongering tactics to further their cause, or B) a voter who is uneducated on the matter and should not have a say. I believe so because AR (Armalite NOT assault rifle) style rifles function exactly the same as any other semi automatic rifle. The difference is that AR style rifles have creature comforts that make them easier to carry around and use for long periods of time (like when you're hunting). CMV.

Edit: Words 














 **My 5 Questions:**

1. What's it like having your music be the theme for anything Boston related?

2. What's your favorite beer?

3. How good did it feel to [beat the shit out of that nazi](http://gawker.com/5991403/dropkick-murphys-singer-kicks-the-crap-out-of-skinhead-doing-nazi-salute-on-stage-during-st-patricks-day-concert)?

4. What's your favorite song out of all the songs you guys have recorded?

5. Where did the band's name come from?

**Public Contact Information:**

https://twitter.com/KenDKM

https://twitter.com/DropkickMurphys 



















 Also how are prices on the street compared to in the dispensaries? 




 Edit: shit this blew up. Also, TIL Redditors complain about things they can easily avoid. 

Edit 2: the amount of you that want condoms banned concerns me.

Edit 3: TIL Redditors hate toilet paper.

Edit 4: TIL Many redditors don't know the definition of the word "product"


Edit 5: OK, based on my inbox it seems like most people have decided on cigarettes, crocs, dildos, cell phones (I'm going to interpret that as smartphones), axe, and toilet paper.

Edit 6: Add soda (particularly coke), alcohol, and social networks to the list 









 Hermits, coma patients, convicts, travelers of remote parts of Africa,  tell us your story!  









 They can be difficult to see at times. It would be as simple as having two colors that change for every other line. 














 It seems like they'd understand their patient's mental problems more than a psychologist. 




 For the past few months I've had this thought/worry in my head. I know it's not true but I can't get it out of my head. It's this strange thing that I don't want in my head. If it were true then I would be shunned by society and I could be sent to prison. Again, I know it's not true but I still can't get it out of my head. 



Recently (past week) I haven't been able to stop thinking about it whereas I can usually push it to the back of my mind. It has caused me to become very depressed and stressed out. The thought that it could be true just pushes me over the edge. I don't know what to do. My research tells me that depression and anxiety can cause strange thoughts. If meds can get this thought out of my head and keep it from controlling my life then I want them. 














 I've ordered [this](http://www.cigarsinternational.com/samplers/58017/ci-taster-pack-mild-medium/#p-27068) yesterday.

I think I'm going to order [this](http://www.famous-smoke.com/montecristo+premium+cigar+assortment+4+pack+cigars/item+37285) if I end up enjoying cigars.

I'm pretty excited though and I really want to try one today. unfortunately we don't have any "real" smoke shops in my town. We pretty much have a few head shops disguised as smoke shops. Should I just wait or is there something I can pick up at a gas station that's worth trying? 




 **My 5 Questions:**

1. Did you feel in danger at any time?

2. How cold was the water? 

3. How far did you make it?

4. Do they make you act quirky or is that just the way people who want to do that act?

5. Was it fun?

**Public Contact Information:** If Applicable 














 Keep in mind that I'm not afraid to get dirty. I'm willing to work construction, garbage, etc. Basically I don't have a problem working a blue collar job if it means I can make some cash. 









 I was out of control. I had a two large big mac combo a day problem. One day as I was driving away from the drive thru with my first big mac of the day I started regretting my choices. I looked down at it and tossed it out the window right then and there, and I haven't touched a big mac since. 














 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mars_One 




 Hey! So a few of my friends and I discovered an abandoned logging road awhile back. We drove pretty far down it until it became impassible via car. We scouted it on Google maps and it turns out it branches into a system of out of use logging roads, some of which lead to a coastal town that we all like visiting. Using Google's routing tool we discovered the whole trip would take ~8 hours on quads. But that figure could be off. We plan in borrowing a few ATV's, I believe the guy said they were 400cc Yamaha Utility quads.



What we plan on bringing:


Each Quad and rider will have:

*2 gallons of spare gas

*sleeping bag

*Camel Bak and spare water

*Hatchet+manual chainsaw

*Emergency water purification tablets and MREs

*Toilet paper

*Eating utensils

*Lighter

*clothes

*flair gun

*walkie talkie




Split between the three quads:

*tent

*gas powered chainsaw

*fire starters

*cooking stuff

*repair tools





Now I'm debating whether or not we need a collapsing toilet seat. We'll be about 20 miles from a major highway most of the time, but there will be logging camps nearby most of the time. Can you think of anything else we'll need. I think we might be able to do the trip in one day but I'm preparing as if we'll come across obstacles or won't be able to ride as fast as google suggests we can. It also depends on if there's anything we'll want to explore.  









 Edit: just realized that I fucked up the title 



















 There's obviously still a demand because people are buying foreign cars with M/T's. 




 Seeing as I won't be able to visit NYC until spring break at the earliest I'd like to know a bit more about the surrounding areas and whatnot.  





























 I think it may have been a reply to a Q on AskReddit. I also think it may have hit the front page. He later edited in a drawingof it that he made when he was a kid. I'm pretty sure he was located in Colorado at the time and his story was confirmed by another Redditor who saw the same thing and also lived in Colorado.  









 **My 5 Questions:**

1. Were you in the city or at the base when the battle happened?

2. Did any of you expect to see combat during that deployment? 

3. IMO One of the, for lack of a better word, funniest scenes in the movie was when the Delta operator went on his "safari" and got dinner. Did that kind of thing actually happen? 

4. What did you do after being discharged? 

5. If you could go back in time knowing what you know now, would you still join up?

**Public Contact Information:** 

Somebody could ask around in /r/military. 




 John Marston has a special ability called "Dead Eye". It allows him to seemingly slow time while still retaining normal mobility, target enemies, and increase general combat effectiveness. 


In GTA V each character has their own special ability.


Franklin can slow time while driving.


Trevor takes less damage while dealing more.


Michael can slow time while shooting.


All three are watered down variants of "Deadeye". But wait! The plot thickens! In RDR John Marston has three conflicting personalities. He is a family man that just wants to get back to his family. He wants to better his lifestyle at all costs. He is a rough around the edges cowboy. 


Franklin has inherited the dreamer personality. All he wants is to get out of the ghetto.


Michael represents the family man. His end game is to be closer to his family.


Trevor represents the rough around the edges cowboy. Sure, he's insane, but he also has a caring personality. 




 Seriously, I got a medium Pepsi from Arby's today and it was like a big gulp from 10 years ago. 




 Seriously. Especially in the college hill/friendly area the retaining walls turn so many intersections into dangerous, blind, corners. Anybody know how to get the ball rolling on a fix for this? In the meantime I might put up some of those domed security mirrors.  




 I'm looking for something that's 50/50 on road/off road. The WRR is always an option, but the KTM 350 EXC-F   XCF-W have me intrigued.  





























 It was heading south and when I circled around the block to try and find it, I thought I saw it running into an ally that lead to 24th   Jefferson. 





























 http://i.imgur.com/OMrcxlH.gif 




 Basically my choice at this point comes down to ROTC. How can I tell the quality of a program? 




 As a prospective cadet I'd like to know a few things. 


What is the PT schedule?  Sorry if this is obvious, but I couldn't find it kn the website. 



Does being a cadet prevent you from having a good time and partying?



Is the teacher/CO strict in comparison to other ROTC programs?  









 I'm looking for a solid college commuter. I've got a car, so it won't be my only mode of transportation. My commute is 4 miles in 25-30 mph residential neighborhoods, and 6 miles on a 45 mph freeway.





Here's what I'm looking at: the Ninja 300 (abs?), the Suzuki Boulevard S40, and the CBR250R, but I just read that they are coming out with a CBR300R, so I might wait for that. I'm also thinking about getting a used H-D Iron 883 sportster. Other suggestions are welcome. My budget is ~5500, although ideally I'm buying a nice used bike in the 3500-4500 range. 




 Aside from a different 
 paint scheme and being 3 lbs lighter.. 














 The classic folk song made famous when The Animals [covered](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hRXb7K7k7bQ desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DhRXb7K7k7bQ) it has been the subject of speculation forever. Many believe it is in reference to a brothel, a jail, or a gambling house. 









 Considering we have a much greater area than Germany, yet they have no limit autobahns. 




 We know from some nifty detective work by users on this subreddit that Brian will return. The question is, how? Stewie has destroyed his time travel tech and has no way to build a new time machine. However, we also know from S4E30 that they have time travel tech in the future, and that future stewie (stu) is in possession of this technology.



My theory is that the Griffin's will make a time capsule for their future selves. Stewie will leave a letter for Stu in the time capsule begging him to come back to the present and help save Brian. We will then have an episode from Stu's perspective as he reads the letter and travels back in time to save Brian. 




 A month or two ago I changed my Microsoft account email because I had lost access to the old email. Since then every time I log onto xbox.com it tells me something has gone wrong, and every time I try to go to the billing information part of my xbox I get an error code (I'll check to see what it is later) and then I can't change anything. Any idea what's wrong? I want to download some DLC's, but I can't until I add a credit card. 




 I know you guys are not lawyers but I thought I'd ask.



It seems like online bitcoin gambling is legal, or at least a grey area. Would the same apply to brick   mortar bitcoin gambling? Say you had a system where they sent you a bitcoin payment, and you then gave them an equivalent amount of chips. When it comes time to cash out, you send them a digital bitcoin payment. Since bitcoin is not considered legal tender (yet), would this get around gambling laws? It seems like it would because there is no exchange of cash between parties



Edit: US gambling laws. 




 Drinking, driving, smoking, consent, military, hold office, etc 




 Drinking, driving, smoking,  consent,  military,  hold office,  etc 




 **My 5 Questions:**

1. Was it hard convincing the Army to let you guys stay/film at OP Restrepo?
2. What was it like reintegrating back into society when you returned from Afghanistan? 
3. Are you still in contact with the soldiers? 
4. Do you have any advice for someone wanting to film a documentary in a war torn region?
5. What was your favorite thing about filming Restrepo? 

**Public Contact Information:** 


Twitter: https://mobile.twitter.com/sebastianjunger 
























 I occasionally attend confession. Not to right myself with a God, but to have a way to get stuff I feel guilty about off my chest. Many would say that by attending confession and reading the Bible I am a Catholic.  Basically where do we draw the line between subscribing to a religion and agnostics, and then agnostics and athiests? Can an athiest believe in any form of higher power (luck, superstition, etc) or would that make them an agnostic? 









 In the coming months should it still be treated as an investment or is it becoming a true currency? The reason I ask is because I was introduced to bitcoins when the silk road bust happened, and it has become a very intriguing investment option to me. 




 And do you believe that that's a good or bad thing? 




 You have to assume major candidates are vetted. If everything they've ever done, even their most illegal and perverse internet history shows up how will anyone ever be elected? 




 If its a drug what was going through your mind when you decided to shoot up/snort/smoke/swallow it the first time? How long until it became a problem? 


Gamblers, did you immediately need to start betting more and more or was it a gradual thing?


Alcoholics,  tell us when you had the realization that you were hooked 




 Hey all. I have been looking at spec miatas on racing junk and I've found one I like, but I have a few questions. I presume, but I'd like confirmation,  that buying a ready to race spec miata with high miles and putting another motor in is cheaper than making a lower mile miata race ready, correct? I'm pretty heavy, 240 lbs, can I make weight in a 1.6 or should I try to find a 1.8?



Finally,  and this has nothing to do with those questions. Why are SM's with wins more expensive?  In a driver dependent format like SM the car's pedigree doesn't seem like it would matter. 




 I'm probably not using the correct term to describe them, but I have examples.

--

On an ask reddit thread a few days ago there was a guy who mentioned he's part of a growing group that has decided not to identify as any race. Regardless of their birth race they have decided to mark, or write in, "other" as their race on forms.

--

There was a guy on reddit a few days ago asking how to tell his girlfriend that he wouldn't be getting her an engagement ring because it's an outdated practice.

--

Theres also the people who have decided to give everything a PC name. For example instead of referring to a male as just a man they feel the need to call them a cisgendered man.

--

Finally there was the guy who decided Sir and Mam aren't PC enough and is trying to create a gender neutral version.

--

Now I get these are of varying levels of extremity but I'd like your opinion on these types of people. 




 It doesn't seem like a religious thing and there is no proof that fapping in moderation is harmful.  I don't get it. 




 **My 5 Questions:**

1. What's the scariest situation you've ever been in?
2. Is the landing from the movie "flight" possible?
3. Who has been your worst passenger?
4. What is the most annoying thing passengers do on a regular basis? 
5. What's the best thing about being a pilot?

**Public Contact Information:** If Applicable 









 I'm looking to get an autocross. I've got a budget of 10k including any mods. Right now I'm looking at a miata which I would supercharge, a MR2 spyder, and a 240z. I'm looking for suggestions as well. I have a DD so practicality isn't a big issue. Like I said, the car will mainly be used for autocross and tearing up the back roads. 









 **My 5 Questions:**

1. How much of the show is scripted?

2. Do you ever use stunt drivers?

3. Are Hammond, Jeremy, or May ever reprimanded for the controversies they cause?

4. Did they seriously not know where they were when the plane landed during the Iraq special?

5. What is the most dangerous situation, on or off camera, that has happened while filming the show? 














 If things like FB, twitter, instagram, google+, myspace, etc had never been created. How would the world be different if we only used the internet to exchange scientific, medical, academic, business, and political information? 









 How would the world be different if stuff like facebook, twitter, myspace, youtube, instagram, etc had never been created, and to this day the internet was used solely to share scientific, medical, mathematical, and academic type things? 




  Stuff like wildland firefighting, hay bailing, etc. 














 Tell us some stories 









 I made an Italian friend over the summer. He was by no means a smoker, but he would always have a cigarette in hand at parties. After I asked him about It he explained that in Europe, especially Italy   France,  smoking is much more accepted, and that many people there are social smokers. Why is it that in the US we have the mentality that you can either kill youself as a heavy smoker or you don't smoke at all, whereas occasional smoking is commonplace in Europe? 




 So I woke up a few days ago and my left foot hurt. The pain feels like soreness. It's now a few days later and my foot hurts when I walk. The pain is coming from the top of the foot a little ways behind the big toe. Any ideas as to what is going on? I'm 18, male, overweight but not to the point that I can't play football with my friends, not currently on any medication. 




 My dream for college has always been to attend a high caliber school, and (don't hate) join a fraternity. Due to certain circumstances I can't get into the types of schools I wan't to go to as a freshman. Is it possible to transfer into a school like USC after your freshman year? I can't do it after my sophomore year because I won't be able to join a frat. I know that the website says I "can" transfer on my timeline, but I would like to know if anyone ever gets accepted on that timeline? 



















 She doesn't have any real power anymore does she? I thought she acted as a sort of figurehead. 




  Whether it was successful or failed,  a hookup, a relationship,  I want to know! Did you do anything crazy? 









 Had you known them as a friend for your entire childhood? Or was one of you popular and the other a loser in HS? Any other scenarios? 









 The boys over at /r/IAMA weren't too receptive to the idea, but if someone wants to get the ball rolling on this that'd be cool!


My questions:


1. Was it weird telling your parents that you were going to be in SI swimsuit?

2. Do you plan to continue modeling swimwear?

3. What has changed since you became famous that most people wouldn't expect to?

4. How do you react when guys on the street try to ask you out?

5. Is there any competition between the SI swimsuit models?


Contact:


Website: kateupton.com


Twitter: https://twitter.com/KateUpton 




 **My 5 Questions:**

1.  Was it weird telling your parents that you were going to be in SI swimsuit?
2. Do you plan to continue modeling swimwear?
3. What has changed since you became famous that most people wouldn't expect to?
4. How do you react when guys on the street try to ask you out?
5. Is there any competition between the SI swimsuit models?

**Public Contact Information:** 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/KateUpton
Website: http://kateupton.com/ 




 I'm looking to buy my first Evo!!!!!!!!!!! The guy wants 18k for it. I know I should be wary of mods, which this has, and it also has a new transfer case which makes me think it had the whine of death at some point. I'm not sure if that leaves lasting damage. I can't see the car in person until my schedule settles down.

description: (sorry about caps lock)

2003 MITSUBISHI LANCER EVOLUTION GSR!! LOTS OF TASTEFUL MODIFICATIONS INSTALLED! NEW SHEP TRANS STAGE 1 TRANSFER CASE JUST INSTALLED, INJEN STAINLESS INTERCOOLER AND INTAKE PIPING, PERRIN SHORTRAM INTAKE SYSTEM, UPGRADED RADIATOR, NEWER (ZERO RUST) WORKS FULLY ADJUSTABLE COILOVERS, AND NEWER BFGOODRICH TIRES WITH 85% TREADLIFE REMAINING! PAINT IS GREAT CONDITION WITH NO DINGS, NO DENTS, AND NO ROCK CHIPS!!.. THE INTERIOR HAS BEEN WONDERFULLY MAINTAINED AND HAS NO SIGNS OF WEAR!!.. HAS BEEN FULLY DETAILED, SERVICED, AND INSPECTED!! THIS CAR IS INCREDIBLY CLEAN! DONT WAIT COME VISIT US TODAY!!

Engine: http://images.autotrader.com/scaler/544/408/images/2013/4/28/345/287/31159508411.345287098.IM1.23.565x421_A.565x377.jpg

Interior:
http://images.autotrader.com/scaler/544/408/images/2013/4/28/345/287/31159508407.345287098.IM1.19.565x421_A.565x377.jpg


Aftermarket parts close ups:
http://images.autotrader.com/scaler/544/408/images/2013/4/28/345/287/31159508414.345287098.IM1.26.565x421_A.565x377.jpg


http://images.autotrader.com/scaler/544/408/images/2013/4/28/345/287/31159508415.345287098.IM1.27.565x421_A.565x377.jpg 









 Originally posted in /r/whatcarshouldibuy until I realized how little traffic it had.


So I'm looking at an Evo viii/ix or a WRX right now. But I'm looking for alternatives because those are pushing it in terms of insurance ccosts. Any ideas? Must be fast, built post 2000, able to handle snow, and less than 14k. Manual transmission is a plus. It doesn't need to be a four door but I do need to be able to squeeze four people in. Also why do Evo IX's still cost 20k+ 




 So I'm looking at an Evo viii/ix or a WRX right now. But I'm looking for alternatives because those are pushing it in terms of insurance ccosts. Any ideas? Must be fast, built post 2000, able to handle snow, and less than 14k. Manual transmission is a plus. It doesn't need to be a four door but I do need to be able to squeeze four people in. 









 I'm in the market for an '08+ WRX. I know I should look for salvage titles, and I assume if it has mods I should checkout the tranny, but what else? Is their a difference in performance between the hatch and the sedan? Finally will they be much cheaper when '14 rolls around? Because I'd love to get an STI, but I can't afford one at the moment. 














 You always hear about how a man is a scumbag because he took home a chick that is smashed, and how he is having rape charges filed against him. If the man is also smashed why is he the scumbag? Aren't they equally at fault? 
























 Assuming the coke is in it's powder form, and none of the drugs are laced. 














 Not in the health facts sense, but in the gross storage/preperation sense. 




 I'm an American and I'm planning on visiting Ireland soon. What should I do? What shouldn't I do? For instance my ancestors were Irish. Do Irish people get annoyed when we talk about that? Is there pub etiquette that we may not know about? etc. 




 Like what genre? 




 Mine are:

Hero of war - Rise Against

Where were you (when the world stopped turning) - Alan Jackson

Otherside - Macklemore (I'm not sure if this song is actually that sad. It might be because I was in a bad place because a close family member relapsed when I first heard it, and I associate it with that.)

There are a couple more I just can't think of them now. Will edit if I do. 




 Are you trying to maximize the human experience? Do you use them to study? Just curious. 




 A little background, I'm a senior in high school searching for work/paid internships over the summer. My high school diploma is coming with something that basically says I specialized in business   marketing while I was there. I'm not sure if other states do this, but here in Oregon it's called Career Aligned Mastery (CAM). For privacy reasons I will not put my resume up, but I have some questions.

Is it appropriate to list my tutor as a reference? If I'm applying for a summer job online can I say that I have a high school diploma? I have not graduated yet, but I will by the time I've started working there. Finally, do I mention the CAM or will they not care? 




 Context: you can get as much as you want, whenever you want, totally for free. BUT the drug has not been studied, so there is no way of knowing if it will screw you up in the long run. 

NZT-48 is the pill from the movie Limitless.

My answer: Yes I would. A drug that unlocks every scrap of information you have ever heard or seen in your life while simultaneously giving you limitless motivation is too good to pass up. 




 Did you notice any changes to your senses or your physical abilities? Do you have any stories that you feel like sharing? 




 It'll be primarily on flat, paved, bike paths. I'm looking at the mercier kilo TT and the Fuji track classic right now. I'd like to get a single speed for ease of use, but I'd consider geared bicycles. Fixies without a flip flop hub are out of the question. On both those bikes I would replace the handlebars, and put a second rear brake lever on the drop bar. Any other suggestions? My budget is $650. 




 Hey all! In preparation for college next year I've decided to start trying to live on less than $50.00 per week including food, transportation, and entertainment. Today I decided to spend a bit extra on lunch because I've started riding my bike instead of driving. The review will be broken into two parts: The angry whopper, and BK's new satisfries.

Angry Whopper: Initially I was going to get chicken strips, but when I saw the pic of the angry whopper I had to try it. It's your standard sized whopper with pepperjack, bacon, jalapenoes, and a spicy sauce. The picture made it seem like they would put french fries on the burger for you, however mine did not. I sat down in the BK and opened the box. The burger looked similar to the picture. It is pretty messy. It wasn't too spicy it just had enough kick to the point that you could feel it. all in all 7/10 (on the fast food scale).

Satisfries: (medium size) These were the reason I went to BK. I had been wanting to try them. They are crinkle cut, and healthier than the classic BK french fries. I didn't get ketchup so I just a them plain which was fine because they are decently salty. They're not crispy at all. I would compare them in terms of size and texture to steak fries. Despite the mixed reviews I enjoyed them. They have more of the soft potato filler stuff in them than your stereotypical fast food french fry. They tasted like the fries at 5 guys except less greasy. 8/10 just don't expect them to taste like BK's classic fries. 







































 I watched the first episode of the season and the second made no sense. So I looked at the order of episodes on the wiki and it's completely different from Netflix. 

Edit: I'm also down a few drinks so sorry for the grammar.  









 I really want an open air truck but the broncos are too expensive, the wranglers are too common, and there aren't any clean scouts around these parts. Is there any other type of open truck?  









 What did he do to you? I know that he spreads the party school rep, but that doesn't really seem like enough for most people I've talked to to dislike him.  














 The weight room in my high school has an assisted pull up machine. I have never seen one of those before in my life. Have I just not been looking hard enough or is it a rarity?  














 So yesterday I was weightlifting and one of the guys I was lifting with wanted me to do deadlifts. The form he showed me felt off but I went with it, legs straight and at shoulder width back bent when picking up the weight. After a few reps I felt a twinge on the lower right side of my back, initially I didn't realize what it was because it wasn't excessively painful, but I soon stopped when I realized ehat was happening. Since then I've had sort of a dull soreness in that lower right area of my back. I can't really feel it when I'm standing or lying flat on my back. Yesterday it seemed to go away when I was taking a hot shower. I really don't want to deal with a doctor but I also really don't want to screw up my back permanently. I know for certain that I won't use anymore free weights or do back exercises until I've researched proper form.

**tl;dr** Was deadlifting with straight legs and bent back yesterday and felt slight twinge. Today I have a sort of dull pain on the right side of my lower back that goes away when standing or lying flat. What do I do?

**edit**

I did a sort of stretching exercise and if I lift my knee so thet it's at a 90 degree angle while my body is turned to the right of my waist then when I put it down I feel a popping in my back.  









 My only riding experience is the MSF course. I was just offered a great deal on an FZ6 but I'm worried that it might be too much bike. I am a big guy, ~260 lbs so I have been looking for something bigger than a 250. My other options are an SV650 naked, and a ninja 500. I know the SV650 is tame for a 650 so I'm not as worried about grabbing too much throttle and launching myself to my death. 









 I really want to watch Common Law which aired for one season during the summer of 2012. It's a USA show so I'm surprised that it's not on instant.  


































 I've got two pairs of prescription ray ban sunglasses and now I need a non script pair for when I wear contacts, not looking to spend another $200. 



















 I'm visiting SoCal and it seems like every other driver is looking at their damn phone, nobody signals their lane changes, everybody is going a good 10-20 mph over the limit, and there is debris everywhere. Holy fucking Jesus this place is insane. I feel bad for you CA riders. I could not ride here.

/rant. 









 We're staying about an hour south of SB but I'm going to go check out SBCC this week. Our entire group is coming. What can two high school seniors and four middle aged parents do in SB for a day? 









 How's it ride? How hard is it to build?  Is it comfortable for longer rides? 


[For those that don't know what I'm talking about](http://www.rycamotors.com) 














 So I saw some scratches on my car today located below the driver's side headlight.

http://imgur.com/a/eN8rO#0

I don't know what did it. There have always been scratches there, but I'm not sure if they were that bad. I feel like if I was hit/sideswiped at some point,  or conversely,  scratched someone else unknowingly then I there would be scratches above those. I do tend to pull forward pretty far when I park so it could be damage from a bush but I'm not sure. Any ideas? 
























 Are aviators and wayfarers still cool? 









 I'll be moving soon for college. The campus is sketchy to say the least... There are at least two days out of the year that I know for a fact I won't be able to keep my bike on campus, and there's still a lot of vandalism and theft and shit year round. Have any of you used a storage unit as a garage? I want to at least be able to take the bike out on weekends. I don't see why there would be any problems, but before I try to figure out the logistics I'd like r/motorcycle's opinion. 




 I'm not looking for anything difficult. Just looking for swooping curves and straights to really open the car up on. Preferably out in the country.  









 I had a Facebook friend "come out" as a polygamist today. He had recently been married but they got divorced. He is now in a relationship with a couple he met online.  



















 I tried to watch Dallas, the remake of the show about the oil family, and I made it about halfway through the first season before I gave up. My mistake may have been trying to binge it, but it felt like it was just dragging on and a bit overly dramatic. Should I give it another try? 




 I tried to watch Dallas, the remake of the show about the oil family,  and I made it about halfway through the first season before I gave up. My mistake may have been trying to binge it, but it felt like it was just dragging on and a bit overly dramatic. Should I give it another try? 



















 So I'll be attending a CCC in fall with the goal of transferring to a UC and becoming a resident. My parents will be sending me the maximum amount of money possible without claiming me as a dependent so that I can pay off tuition and housing. Now, my question is, once I become a resident can they claim me as a dependent again without putting me in danger of losing my in state tuition or residency?  




 I'm 18 and have about 100 lbs to lose, but the thought of having saggy skin for the rest of my life concerns me. I'm going to lose the weight regardless because that's a bigger issue, but as long as I'm at the very beginning stages of weight loss, are there any preventative measures I can take? I know I should take it slow, but I also want to lose as much as possible before college starts in august. 














 We've been debating for about 15 minutes now. I say no, he says yes, and the internet seems undecided. Unfortunately we're not able to test our respective hypotheses at the moment.  



















 I've never really understood it because nobody is actively promoting rape or saying it's ok, and rarely do people defend rapists. But the term "rape culture" implies (to me) that most of society is actively promoting, committing,  and defending rape. 




 I really wanted to go to a mid-top tier UC as a freshman, but alas it proved to be too hard to do as an out of state applicant. I have made the decision to attend SBCC and attempt to transfer to UCSB, USC, UCLA, or any other solid California school. In an attempt to squeeze the most enjoyment out of my few years of higher education I have also decided to stay in a private dorm (Tropicana Gardens). My concern is that I was going through some posts regarding SBCC on this sub, and it seems like SBCC students are discriminated against. Apparently they are even forced to wear a wrist band to get into Isla Vista (wtf? I didn't realize that IV is a gated community). Will being a CC student cause me much grief? I'm mainly going to SBCC so that I can transfer into a good school, but I'd be lying if I said that stuff like Deltopia didn't help me make my choice. I don't want to get kicked out of parties or hassled for being a CC student. So, what's the deal? Will I be able to live happily alongside you guys? 




 So I'm going to be visiting SB with my parents during spring break to check out Isla Vista, SBCC, and downtown SB. I'm looking for a place where I can rent a scooter or a small motorcycle so that I can kind of explore without my parents. The only place that comes up on google is Moto Loco, but their website doesn't seem to confirm that they rent any motorized two wheeled vehicles. Any ideas? 




 It is one of the best war documentaries that I have ever seen. It's as powerful as Restrepo. The premise is that a tight knit group of childhood friends enlist in the National Guard together. They are deployed to Afghanistan in 2008. The movie starts with them preparing for their deployment, but by far the most powerful part is that they interview the family members as well as the soldiers during their deployment. Finally, it follows their transition back into society and their struggle with PTSD. It'll make you want to cry, it'll make you want to laugh, and it'll make you angry.  

















































 So there's a really cool tour company located in Hawaii that I'm very interested in working at for a summer. A youtuber that I follow is friends with the owner and he is frequently featured in videos. I wouldn't work as a tour guide obviously, but if I sent him a resume with my qualifications and said that I'd be willing to do any job for near minimum wage, do you think I would get a response?

A bit about me, I'm in college and my work experience is limited. I'm studying business/marketing. 














 I was talking to a Hawaiian friend and he was complaining thaf nobody sells spam musubi here. Now I want to try it. 









 So I'm wondering if these are symptoms of depression and/or anxiety. [I posted a related question here yesterday](http://www.reddit.com/r/mentalhealth/comments/1y1mg7/can_depression_cause_you_to_blur_or_confuse/)

So about six months ago a thought popped into my head. I won't say what it is because it makes me uncomfortable. Basically the thought was, what if I'm a (x)? From there it started spiraling out of control.  I couldn't get the idea that I'm a (x) out of my head. At first it was no big deal, but eventually whenever I started planning for my future (college, after college, etc) the thought would pop into my head and I would tell myself that I couldn't do the things I want to do for fear that I'm a (x) and won't be able to control myself. That made me sad, but I pushed on. Around two months ago (when i was at the peak of my depression) I had a horrible intrusive thought related to the idea that I'm a (x). Basically in reality the course of events went one way, but the intrusive thought took them another way. However, in the past day or so I haven't been able to separate the two in my memory. Consciously I know that one is false and the other is true,  but something in me keeps trying to convince me that the intrusive thought is reality,  which it is not. It's really messing with my head. 

I decided to test this problem I have with keeping reality and my thoughts separate. Minor stuff was easy. If I told myself that on Monday I went out to lunch with John when in reality I went with James, could always pick out the lie. Same with very major stuff like when I tried to convince myself that I didn't get a traffic ticket two years ago. But there were some things that happened anywhere from two months to two years ago that I consciously know which one is the truth and which is the lie, but something in me says otherwise. 


**TL; DR** 

Consciously I can separate truth from reality,  but somethinv between my conscious and my subconscious is trying to convince me that something I imagined is reality. 









 I suspect I have depression. I plan on getting checked or tested or whatever, but something peculiar has been happening to me recently. I seem to be mixing a memory with an intrusive thought that happened at the same time (a month and a half ago) as the event I'm remembering. Now, I know which one happened and which one was the intrusive thought, but they're slowly becoming less separate and I fear that if this continues that I wont be able to distinguish them in 5, 10, 20 years from now. Now, the event in question happened during a two week span in which I was more depressed than I had ever felt in my life. Like I was seriously fucked up. I had a lump in my throat the whole time, intrusive thoughts were happening multiple times a day, I was nervous the entire time, I nearly had panic attacks. It was the first time I had ever thought to myself "Fuck... I need to get help". I was even crying when I was by myself which is very unusual for me. Now, my second question is, once I'm on meds, or my depression is gone, will it be easier to distinguish memories? One of the reasons I'm sure that I have depression is that I'm only 18, yet all of my memories have been blurring together. Like on thursday I couldn't remember whether several events had happened on monday, tuesday, or wednesday. 




 I suspect I have depression. I plan on getting checked or tested or whatever, but something peculiar has been happening to me recently. I seem to be mixing a memory with an intrusive thought that happened at the same time (a month and a half ago) as the event I'm remembering. Now, I know which one happened and which one was the intrusive thought, but they're slowly becoming less separate and I fear that if this continues that I wont be able to distinguish them in 5, 10, 20 years from now. Now, the event in question happened during a two week span in which I was more depressed than I had ever felt in my life. Like I was seriously fucked up. I had a lump in my throat the whole time, intrusive thoughts were happening multiple times a day, I was nervous the entire time, I nearly had panic attacks. It was the first time I had ever thought to myself "Fuck... I need to get help". I was even crying when I was by myself which is very unusual for me. Now, my second question is, once I'm on meds, or my depression is gone, will it be easier to distinguish memories? One of the reasons I'm sure that I have depression is that I'm only 18, yet all of my memories have been blurring together. Like on thursday I couldn't remember whether several events had happened on monday, tuesday, or wednesday. 



















 I've never been baptized or anything like that either. 





























 Tell me about the time you went dancing with the green fairy. 














 I've never owned a motorcycle but I've been wanting one for a while. Accidental broadcast has convinced me that owning a DS would be the bee's knees. I've got no more than 2750 to spend. Is there anything that's smaller than 500cc, reliable, and fun in that price range? I'm looking to do ~80% commuting and 20% trail, sand, forest type exploring. 

There's a '99 WR400F on Craigslist in my price range if you think that's worth getting.  









 Their [Ninja Cafe Racer Kit](http://bluecollarbobbers.com/kawasaki-ninja-250-cafe-racer-aka-gpx-250r) intrigues me. How is the quality and ease of installation? 






















































 In the past if two countries were going to war with each other it was very easy for the respective Gov'ts to spread propaganda that demonizes the other country and it's citizens. Today I communicate with Europeans, Asians, and South Americans on reddit every day. I predict that most if not all of the wars involving first world countries for the rest of civilization as we know it will be fought against insurgents and disconnected third world countries. 









 I usually listen to the KNRQ morning show on 103.7 but lately I've been wanting to mix it up.  I don't really care about the music,  at least in the morning, I mainly listen for the banter. 









 She still doesn't think it's a good idea, but she agrees that squids inflate the crash data. [The findings can be found here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_findings_in_the_Hurt_Report)

Some interesting points:

23) Motorcycle riders with previous recent traffic citations and accidents are overrepresented in the accident data.

24) The motorcycle riders involved in accidents are essentially without training; 92% were self-taught or learned from family or friends. Motorcycle rider training experience reduces accident involvement and is related to reduced injuries in the event of accidents.

27) Almost half of the fatal accidents show alcohol involvement.

35) Motorcycle riders in these accidents were significantly without motorcycle license, without any license, or with license revoked.

43) Seventy-three percent of the accident-involved motorcycle riders used no eye protection.

44) Approximately 50% of the motorcycle riders in traffic were using safety helmets but only 40% of the accident-involved motorcycle riders were wearing helmets at the time of the accident.

55) Less than 10% of the motorcycle riders involved in these accidents had insurance of any kind to provide medical care or replace property. 







































 I started a circlejerk. Damn you, Reddit. 









 I've got school, so I can't get a job. I plan on selling stuff on ebay, but how else? 


































 http://www.superdrugsaver.com/

They've got [provigil generic](http://www.superdrugsaver.com/generic-medicine/451/Provigil.html) and [nuvigil generic](http://www.superdrugsaver.com/generic-medicine/563/Nuvigil.html) 









 **My 5 Questions:**

1. By making this movie you have become more (in)famous than ever before. 20/20 hindsight,  do you regret making it?

2. Did all of the drugs you took leave any lasting damage?

3. Do you think that the sentence you got was fair considering how many people you swindled?

4. What is your greatest regret?

5. How accurate was the scene where you were on qualuudes and trying to save Jonah Hill's character? 

**Public Contact Information:** 

http://jordanbelfort.com/

http://jordanbelfort.com/contact_us/ 




 The term "mass shooting" has become synonymous with aimless killing, usually involving schools, or someone firing into a crowd. But I've noticed that recently many shootings that would have been reported on as gang violence five years ago are being called mass shootings. The same goes for murders perpetrated in a public place.  









 Victor Pride from [Bold and Determined](http://boldanddetermined.com/) does a great job of introducing people to nootropics, or life hacks as he calls them. He does an especially good job of [introducing people to Modafinil](http://boldanddetermined.com/2012/07/12/become-mighty-modafinil/). Here's the issue, he makes it seem like using nootropics, especially modafinil, will turn you into a Greek God capable of taking on armies and solving the riddles of the universe. He makes it seem like if you pop some modafinil today, then tomorrow you'll wake up as a billionaire. The issue is that when Victor Pride tells some kid that using Modafinil is going to be like using NZT-48, and it isn't, that kid is either going to tell everyone and their mother that nootropics are modern day snake oil, or he's going to try something stronger, like a high dose of adderall. I think that while he introduces people to nootropics, he is ultimately going to cause harm to the nootropics community. You've heard *my* opinion on the matter, but I'm genuinely curious to know what you think. I'm also curious to know if you think newcomers should be warned about him. 




 I've been saving up for a while now to get my first bike. I really want a WR250R, but they are so expensive used that I think I might just get another bike and trade it in when I get more funds. I found this Buell Blast:

http://www.cycletrader.com/listing/2009-Buell-Blast-110572701

I like the looks of the bike and I've come to the realization that I won't have any use for a D/S until I move to California in nine months, so maybe a street bike is just what I need. My concerns with the Buell is that they've been discontinued so parts will become scarcer and scarcer, I'm not sure how easy it is to get them serviced, and I'm not sure if it's as good a first bike as say a Ninja 300 or 500 or a CBR250R. I'd like your thoughts on the matter though. Buy this and ride it while I save up for a WR250R or just wait until I can afford the bike I want? 




 My evidence:

- The Mother has never been referred to in present tense by the narrator

- Whenever future Ted talks about her he sounds kind of sad. Definitely the whimsical, romantic Ted we've come to know and love.

- The last episode is titled "Last Forever"

- At the end of the last episode Ted makes a comment to the mother. "Nothing good happens after 2 AM (future Ted then interjects to say to his son, "except for you, luke)" before they set off to the hospital. After 2 AM.

- The producers decided on the ending early on. No matter how much they changed the plot around it wouldn't mess with an ending that results in her death.

- at the end of the "Time Travelers" episode Ted is seen pleading for more time with the mother. He wants 45 more days.

- The mother never narrates.

- She is never in any flash forward beyond 10 years or so. 




 Hey all! I'm new to this sub, but we recently had a men's rights victory at my school that I felt like sharing. My school has a daycare center that students are allowed to volunteer at. They receive credit for volunteering and if they do it for more than two semesters they become a paid employee. In the years prior to this school year, male student volunteers were not allowed to change diapers or escort the kids to the bathroom, even the boys. One of the male students saw the inequality in this and petitioned the parents of the daycare children to allow male students to change diapers and escort kids to the bathroom. He succeeded! 





























 Especially when it comes to things you wouldn't think to look up when driving in another state. Like lane splitting in CA or no right on red in NY. 




 I did it today but I'm starting to think it was illegal. Here's a drawing I made if the turn: 

http://imgur.com/XEaDwNf 









 I mainly use my PC for netflix, school, and minecraft. It runs minecraft just fine. It's a Sony Vaio S that I bought new like 10 months ago. The specs I can find:

RAM: 12.0 GB w/ 11.9 GB usable 

64 bit operating system, x64 based processor

windows 8

Intel Core i7 processor

and I know it has some sort of nvidia graphics card



Edit:

On the "Windows Experience Index" the processor score is 7.7, RAM is 7.7, graphics is 5.9, gaming graphics is 6.5, and primary hard disk is 5.9 


































 **My 5 Questions:**

1. Why did you defect?

2. It's common for defectors to be fined, did this happen to you?

3. What was life like at Gold Base (or whatever compound you were at, although I think I've only heard of one other)?

4. Did it feel like you were being imprisoned?

5. What was "The Hole" like?

**Public Contact Information:** If Applicable 

















































 **My 5 Questions:**

1. Did it truly feel like you were in another reality?

2. How did the experience compare to playing a game on Xbox or Playstation?

3. Did you ever forget that you were playing a game? 

4. Would you want to play a FPS on it?

5. If you could choose one existing game to play on it what would it be? 












































 So I start college in the fall and they offer an EMT training/certification course. It's something I'm very interested in but I'm pretty out if shape. Lifting wise it's not that bad because I've been lifting for about 5 months now, but cardio and BF% wise I'm waaay out of shape. 237lbs, 5'9. But I have lost about 10lbs so far! Anyways would it be better to take the class and get certified once I'm more in shape or would I be good to go now? 









 Special thanks to /u/CongratsOnYourBike (and the rest of rideit) for [his advice](http://www.reddit.com/r/motorcycles/comments/2b5hl0/why_cant_i_use_the_clutch_properly_its_so/cj201cr). To be completely honest, I was about ready to write off motorcycles as a lost cause, but today was so fun once I got the whole pressing thing.

So I'm wondering how I can practice more. My instructors recommended that I come back and take the intermediate rider training or practice for awhile before I really try to hit the streets so I don't stall out in an intersection or something. I can work on all that friction zone stuff at my house, but to practice braking my issue is that the nearest large empty parking lot is a few miles away. Any ideas on what I should do? 




 So I just finished my first day of my MSF course and they've got me on a GN125. I can't get the clutch right. I'm either rocketing off the line uncontrollably or I stall out. I get off the line correctly about 50% of the time and the rest I'm just having trouble. Do you have any tips or tricks? The parking lot we're using is weird because it's sloped a bit so you have to apply more throttle depending on ehat side youre on. I need to improve clutch control because I really do not want to fail tomorrow and have to pay another 200 dollars. 









 Iirc the most dangerous place for motorcyclists is actually within the city, specifically in intersections. Which makes me wonder, why doesn't cycling have the same reputation as motorcycling? In the city a bicyclist is basically a slow motorcyclist with less protection.  









 http://imgur.com/a/awt1S (NSFW) 

She's an instagram fitness model famous for the belfie (butt selfie) 

 









 I kind of like the look of [this bike without the fairing](http://oi44.tinypic.com/2wnd2f6.jpg)

Specifically the bit I circled in green [here](http://i.imgur.com/OEYnVqk.jpg) 




 Tl;dr: Would it work as a social lubricant? 









 I found a 2000 KTM EX250 for $1825, but I can't tell you how many times I've seen someone make a joke about getting their buddy a tool kit with their KTM. It would be my primary mode of transportation, 20 miles round trip per day on highways and surface streets. Plus however much I ride trails.  



















 So I'm looking for a sort of casual shoe/boot that could work with most outfits. I'm not the type of guy that wears kicks or leather boots. I primarily wear Nike frees, vans, and topsiders.

I kind of like these

http://images2.revzilla.com/product_images/0070/9488/sidi_gas_shoes_zoom.jpg

And these

http://images3.revzilla.com/product_images/0069/6378/dainese_merida_shoe_black_zoom.jpg

I'm open to suggestions though. I'm buying my first bike, a GS500E in a couple weeks. It's a standard/naked.

Edit:

Here's a bunch of different shoes and boots for motorcycling. I'm not looking to spend more than $150

http://www.revzilla.com/motorcycle-boots#v2-page=1 page_size=48 sort= tab=all 














 They posted a couple videos of tests that included a drag test and holding the material up to some kind of spinning metal wheel thing. It seemed to out perform kevlar.  




 So here's the listing. It's a ninja 500

http://eugene.craigslist.org/mcy/4528619780.html


The alternative being this GS500

http://eugene.craigslist.org/mcy/4558114417.html

I know these prices aren't great for these bikes but the local market isn't great either. To get cheaper prices I'd have to go to Portland and then ride the bike through portland and on the interstate for 2hrs which I'm not sure I'd be comfortable doing right off the bat. 














 *be helpful 




 So I was on Craigslist looking for bikes and I found a GSX600 streetfighter and I think I came when I saw it. 

http://i.imgur.com/b3mGlJ2.jpg

It looks like sex. How are these things when it comes to acceleration and all that jazz? 









 I'll start off by saying that I mean no disrespect to you, /u/WNW3. I think you're doing a fine job, but I liked the vibe of this sub when we governed ourselves. I do think that we need a mod to update the sidebar and post meetups and whatnot, but beyond that I think they should be hands off. Experimentation with subreddit dynamics is, in my opinion, a poor idea. 









 M/18/5'10/SW:247/CW:???/GW:150

So six months ago I wouldn't touch a salad with a ten foot pole and the only time I did anything that would get me out of breath was when I went up stairs quickly. 4 months ago I started a strength and conditioning class at my high school which got my mile time from a ~16:40 to a ~13:15, which is great! but I wasn't progressing fast enough! So, I go to the gym twice a day now! In the early afternoon I go do a 40-60 min cardio/light lifting workout, and on the way I stop and pick up a cobb or caesar salad and a bottle of water. Then in the evening I go do a 40-60 minute light cardio/heavy lifting session. I haven't been completely keeping track of my calories but I think I'm eating around 1800-2000 per day. I've been supplementing creatine and whey protein so that I can continue to build muscle mass while in caloric deficit. 









 I kind of want to try a [teatox](http://www.bootea.com/products/14-day-teatox), partly to prove to myself that I can, partly because I'm hoping that it'll clear my mind, and partly because I think a strict plan will help me cut calories.  









 So I'm starting at a CC in California and I noticed that they offer an EMT course and it got me thinking. Would it be possible to work as an EMT Basic and attend school full time? The primary ambulance company in the area is AMR btw. I figure I could take the EMT course this coming term, get fully certified over spring term and start working over the summer, assuming there's a job opening.  







































 I've been away from the reddit nootropics community for awhile, but last time I was here everyone seemed to recommend modup.net as modafinil/armodafinil vendor. 





























 I'm thinking about going on a cleanse for multiple reasons, one of which is to sorta kick start my weight loss because I've been stuck for a while, but also to feel more energetic and happy 






























































































 You sacrificed yourself in the line of duty for the sake of others. That is the ultimate sacrifice. So for that, here's to you, Capt. David Van Camp. May you forever rest in peace.

http://imgur.com/a/jSOAJ

Context

http://www.reddit.com/r/cigars/comments/29d5ny/smokedrink_one_for_captain_dave_tomorrow_please/cijwryb?context=3 




 I found one for 3k and I'm tempted to pull the trigger. Would it be too powerful or too unreliable or anything like that? Im 5'9, 230 lbs, riding experience is limited to the MSF course. 

Side note, most if the bikes I'm looking at are 70's/80's motorcycles, primarily British and Japanese, are old bikes just a bad idea in terms of reliability and safety?  
























 I've been to two gyms in my town (a YMCA, and a local athletic club) and neither have had an area to deadlift, nor have they had the big bumper plates. 






















































 Often times I'm in a rush and have little money so I'm forced to go to McDonald's, BK, or DQ. What are some healthy options from drive thru restaurants? I always skip the soda. Usually at mcdonalds I'll get the 10 pc mcnuggets with medium fries. At DQ I'll get the 6 piece chicken strip basket. At BK I'll get a burger and medium satisfries 




 So I've been bench pressing for about 4 months, and in that time I've also tried DB press at least once a week, but anytime I'm using dumbells that are actually hard to lift I have trouble balancing them and keeping my wrists from wobbling and keeping them in control through the rep. I don't  have this problem when I'm bench pressing. Any tips or advice?  









 I was just looking at a post I recently made and when I clicked the link, which when I posted it lead to a picture of a jacket, it redirected to a porn site. 




 My favorite breakfast of champions is:

[1 scoop of Optimum Nutrition Oats and Whey](http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B002DYJ0K2?vs=1) - ~200 calories

10 oz of 1% milk - 125 calories (12.5 cal an oz)

1 banana - 105 calories

Blended all together gets you a surprisingly filling ~425 calorie chocolate banana breakfast shake. Toss it in your shaker and mix occasionally to prevent the protein powder from settling. 




 My favorite breakfast of low BF% champions is:

- 1 scoop of Optimum Nutrition Oats and Whey - 200 calories

- 10 oz of 1% milk - 125 calories

- 1 banana - 105 calories

Blended all together gets you a surprisingly filling 435 calorie chocolate and banana breakfast shake. Toss in shaker and mix occasionally to prevent protein powder from settling.  
























 I purchased ON creatine monohydrate and instead of dissolving it settles on the bottom of my shaker. 














 I'm between gyms at the moment and looking around. I'm especially interested in the snap fitness by market of choice on Willamette 









 So I've been lifting for about 3.5 months now and I'm at this kind of weird inbetween stage where I could really do either a beginner or intermediate workout. I'm looking for something that I can do 5-6 days per week. My primary goals are strength building, fat loss, and muscle growth. 

I'm so confused by the different workout plans and I have no idea how to decide. I've looked at a [P/P/L Routine](http://forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php?t=149807833) but it seems like it'll leave you with an underdeveloped lower back. I've looked at [Cory Gregory's program](http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/cory-gregory-fitness-360-lifted-up-training.html) and that one also looks good but I would probably have to sub out day 6 for a rest day. 




 I'm thinking about starting this now. This would be my first legitimate workout routine, previously I've just been following a loose list of lifts set up by the weightlifting teacher at my high school but I've just graduated so I figure I should start a legit program. My goals are fat loss, strength gains, and a bit of bodybuilding. 

Here's the workout:

http://forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php?t=149807833

I'm concerned about underdevelopment of the lower back woth that program but I figure I can just do the variant that includes deadlifts. 

I'm also eyeing this program, but it might be a bit much. If I did it I think I'd sub out the 500 and 1000 rep days for cardio days.


http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/cory-gregory-fitness-360-lifted-up-training.html 



















 I've seen a lot of bodybuilder bro science that says 1-2gallons per day (how is that even possible???) But I'm having to dig pretty deep to get a legit answer. Anyone know? 









 Would using protein powder work to help me lose weight? My plan is to use it as a meal for breakfast and occasionally other meals if I'm in a rush. The stuff I'm looking at is 120 cal/24g protein/1g sugar per serving so I figure it's healthy enough and the protein will fill me up nicely while also help in me take a nice chunk out of my calories. I do lift and have been doing so for about 4 months.

Edit: 

Secondary question,  for meal replacement would it be better to use whey or casein? 




 I'm trying to lose weight but I don't want to lose my gains. Would it work for me to take creatine for a week every once in a while or a few days a month so that I can pack on some muscle without getting the water weight side effect of regular creatine use? 














 My doctor put me on 150mg of welbutrin about 3 months ago and it worked for a while but it seems like my depression is coming back. Not as badly as before but it's definitely there. I'm going off to college im two and a half months so do you think it'd be best to ask my doctor to bump me up to 300mg or to wait and ask the college medical center? 




 I was doing modified dips yesterday, feet up on a bench and hands on boxes on either side of me, and after the first rep my collarbone started hurting like a bizatch. I could only do one more before the pain became unbearable. It hurt for about ten minutes afterwards and then went away and I continued my workout, even doing bench press with no problem. I chalked ut up to me being heavy and not having trained for that exercise before. Today though my left collarbone has a slightly dull pain when I move my left arm or head. Can DOMS occur around your clavicle after dips or do I have another problem?

At the time of the workout the pain was probably a 7/10, now it's a 2 or 3/10 




 I was doing modified dips yesterday, feet up on a bench and hands on boxes on either side of me, and after the first rep my collarbone started hurting like a bizatch. I could only do one more before the pain became unbearable. It hurt for about ten minutes afterwards and then went away and I continued my workout, even doing bench press with no problem. I chalked ut up to me being heavy and not having trained for that exercise before. Today though my left collarbone has a slightly dull pain when I move my left arm or head. Can DOMS occur around your clavicle after dips or do I have another problem?  














 So I'm looking for a low calorie/carb/fat/sugar, high protein powder that I can use to supplement small meals. My goal is to cut weight. Here's my problem though, protein powder brands are confusing as fuck. I've been told that muscle milk is straddling the line between a genuine protein powder and a full meal replacement powder. That's the only brand I actually know of and I'm wary of consuming powders from a ranfom source.  
























 Material,  graphic lifespan, etc 









 It's a modification of your standard bench press sets. I put my usual BP weight, 25 each side, on the bars using 5lb plates. I do 10 reps for each set, and remove 10lbs after every set. For the last three sets I increase the number of reps by 5 so that on my very last set I'm doing 25 reps with just the bar. My friend that showed it to me called it a burnout but I've come to learn that a burnout is something else. 




 I've been lifting for about 3.5 months now. Gained a bit of muscle, haven't lost any weight. I'd rather lose weight than gain muscle but doing both would be a huge plus.  




 Idk if you guys saw but the Daily Nexus released a list of all the Guachos that died this year. 11 total. It also makes me wonder just how many Isla Vistans die every year. I think that every year on either may 23 or may 28 we should have a paddle out to honor all those that fell on that tragic day and all those that die each year in Isla Vista. 









 http://www.hashtagfifty.com/ 




 Both the DAC and the Y are closed 




 "I mean, they say you die twice. One time when you stop breathing and a second time, a bit later on, when somebody says your name for the last time."

Let's not give that monster what he wanted. Let his second death happen when the last reporter utters his name. However, let's make sure the people that died at his hands live on forever.  




 Anyone want to get the ball rolling on this?

https://www.sbfoundation.org/islavista
Here is an article on the shooting:

http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/isla-vista-rampage/gunman-kills-least-six-uc-santa-barbara-shooting-spree-n113931

Summary: A SBCC student tired of being rejected by women decided to have his "day of retribution." He stabbed his three roommates, ~~all believed to be chinese exchange students~~ two of whom were exchange students and one was an American, and then went on a shooting spree in Isla Vista where he intended to kill sorority girls. He ended up killing two sorority girls and one male UCSB student. 7 other people were wounded either due to bullet wounds or being hit by his car. The shooter wrote a 140 page manifesto detailing his hatred of women and outlining his plan to get revenge on society. He also posted a video on YouTube which is essentially a condensed version of his manifesto. 





























 I wouldn't mind a bit of dropkick murphys or blink 182.  And Radical Something even has a song about us 









 Didn't go, anyone got pics or vids so I can see why I too should be obsessed? 














 The only way I could get it to turn off was by removing the battery which I've done twice but that didn't work. 




 I want to work on a ranch next summer doing work like mending fences, digging irrigation, herding cattle, but I've got no experience in agriculture. Honestly, I kind of want to do this because being a cowboy sounds like a fun adventure, even if it requires doing a lot of dirty work. Next summer will be after my freshman year of college, what kind of part time work can I get to help build my resume for this? Currently I've got a line on a construction job. What websites advertise these jobs? I'd prefer to work in Wyoming, Montana, or Colorado at a larger ranch. Thanks for your help! And I apologize if the answers seem obvious to you guys but this whole industry is confusing to a kid that grew up in a city.  









 IE: scumbag steve type posts, bad luck brians, good guy gregs, etc 




 I was telling my friend about a forearm tattoo I want to get that has lettering and he was saying that typically a forearm tattoo has the bottom facing the wrist and the top facing the elbow which seemed counter intuitive to me because I wouldn't be able to read my own tattoo without putting my arm in an awkward position.  












































 I know that we're considered one of the most bike friendly cities especially due to the bike lanes they add whenever they repave streets, but it seems exceedingly dangerous,  especially because a lot of bikers don't follow the rules of the road. I've seen one biker get hit in my years here, and I've been in and seen plenty of near misses. Just today I was walking on the bike path by SEHS and I saw some kid fly into the parking lot at 10-15 mph and nearly get hit by a car that didn't see him.

Until Eugene expands the bike path a bit more I'm afraid that I'll always view them as a bit of a nuisance.  














 I've never really been on campus at night but last week I was driving around campus at 11 o'clock on a friday night and I was surprised that I didn't see any house parties during my travels. I'm obviously nit planning on dropping in, but I've heard that there's one street that has a bunch of parties.  









 So I'm a fat ass but I've started taking a strength and conditioning class to get in shape and lose weight. Running hurts my back like a bitch. I think I need to lose more weight before I can actually run. Should I use an elliptical, or bike, or some other stationary machine instead? 

Lifting is no problem although I did jack my back up doing SL deadlifts but it's almost back to normal now. 














 Basically are there any that are not massive fast food chains? 





























 Sweet thanks! If you don't mind my asking, who do you buy from? I'm leaning towards onemedstore but I kinda like the discretion provided by bitcoin. 




 I think the more concerning failure rate is for the 7ft wall test 




 Eh kind of. MEPS is supposed to filter out those that are medically unable to serve. They don't really check your physical strength or anything like that there.  




 I'm planning on buying 30 to start and then I might purchase 90 if I like the stuff and that should hopefully past me through the school year at which point I'll see about getting a prescription from my doctor back home. 

The three sizes intended for envelopes are

35.5 in

5x5.5 in

11x5.5 in 




 The problem is that for several of the tests the failure rate for men is at or below 1%, whereas for women it's in the 10s or 20s. Fiscally speaking, it would be irresponsible to pursue this if half way through training a quarter of the women get dinged out. 




 I took it freshman year of high school for about six months but I remember it not doing much for me. Gave me headaches though.  




 What dude your post history involves grow advice, questions about tor, and references to smoking weed several times.  









 Bro. Double double and animal fries. 




 Yaaaaasssssss 




 The article I found said that he mostly did this over the course of his senior year so I think it's safe to assume that he was 18 for at least some of it. 




 I'm shocked!  SHOCKED I SAY! 




 OP deliver with pics 




 Younger than 16 is actually very serious and should be treated as such. We're talking about a freshman in high school. What you neglect to mention, or didn't read, is that he did this to **10 different kids**, not to the same girl ten different times, and he intended to share the films. By your own standard he's getting off easy at 2.5 years per victim.

Edit: I should add that I didn't know this guy. I graduated from SEHS this year, but the general attitude among seniors was that freshman girls are off limits. They're basically kids. Hell, some of them aren't done with puberty or have even started it for that matter.  




 Yeah I'll definitely talk to a transfer counselor to get the specifics.  I think my total GPA is still above 3.65 but I'll have to double check. If I kill this year I can raise that though.  









 So I'm currently attending SBCC (Isla Vista FTW) and I love it here but after spending some time exploring the UCSB campus I've decided that that's no longer my first choice for transferring. I'm also really enjoying my investing class so I figure I might enjoy a business related career. 

So here's the thing, I've looked through my credits and I've taken almost all of the courses required by Cal. I just need to take a 19 credit load next semester to finish up the reqs. Of all of the UC transferable courses I've  taken I've gotten mostly A's with a few B's mixed in there, but my non-UC transferable courses are mostly B's. The transfer website says that they only calculate your GPA based on your UC transferable courses. Can someone with experience in this tell me if my non-UC transferable courses are going to hurt my chances? I'm not sure if what they're saying on the website means that they totally ignore those courses or that they look at them but don't consider them as much in their final decision.  




 Like armodafinil is OTC in Canada?  




 Could you capture some low light footage tonight?  




 Weed maybe but that's because it literally grows on trees. Everything else is far more difficult to get than alcohol in my experience.  




 I'm not sure I understand your complaint. I summarized the situation and provided the relevant quote.  









 That's not disregard. Disregard would be seeing a school bus full of children go into a lake and say fuck it someone else will eventually call the cops and go on with your day. This is pure unadulterated psychopathic hatred for humanity. 




 Here's anothe awesome pond in Oregon.  It's called blue pool and you can go cliff diving there. I think it's about a 45 min drive + 5 mile hike from Eugene. 

http://images.everytrail.com/pics/fullsize/478294-IMG_0142.JPG 




 Oct 4th I believe 




 Oh and just a reminder, the gopro hero 3's software and some if its hardware was absolutely terrible when it came out so let the camera junkies mess around with it for a few days and give feedback before you pull the trigger.  




 Comes out on October 4th so we won't know for sure until then but it's essentially a very bland gopro. Just press the top button and it'll turn on and record. Hold it and it will take time lapse shots. Records in 1080p at 60fps or 720p at 30fps and auto adjusts for light conditions. If you just need something to cover your ass in case a driver does something retarded or you want to record track days then this is a good choice. If you're looking to record fancy videos for a documentary or highlight video or whatever it will do but the GoPro hero 4 or Hero 3 will give you a broader range of recording options. 




 Why? For most division one starters on good teams football *is* a major. It leads to a job, and one that will pay more than you'll earn in a life time at that.  




  How the fuckity fuck fuck can someone get a fucking education when they spend an entire semester training and practicing to play fucking football

By putting in work. All of these kids playing div 1 football know what they're getting themselves into. Likely their varsity teams in high school had incredibly rigorous training programs. Some of them like Jonny Manziel take easy course loads because they know they'll go pro. Some of them like Colt Lyerla do that and fuck up. And some of them like Marcus Mariota, arguably the best div 1 QB right now, put in work. Marcus Mariota earned a general science degree in three years. Now he's taking a lax course load for his senior year so that he can get drafted. 

Here's a list of Oregon players from the 2019 season that were honored academically. 

http://blog.oregonlive.com/behindducksbeat/2010/11/oregon_football_lamichael_jame_19.html 




 Why? 




 Saying wtf doesn't have to be out of disgust. It could be a quizzical wtf. Honestly tho, how much time do you people spend on reddit if you're critiquing semi off topic posts and slight misuse of memes? 




 Polaroid also came out with a $99 action camera called the Cube.  

http://www.polaroid.com/cube 









 Honestly it depends. Girls in high school have a much easier time getting laid. If the teacher was disgusting or maybe even just average looking I'd probably be singing a different tune, but if he was a moderately attractive guy I wouldn't. I know my high school self would've jumped at a chance to geg with a teacher because I sure as shit wasn't getting any elsewhere.  




 That depends on if there's an implication of consequences for not having sex. It'd be rape for my boss to say she'll fire me if I don't fuck her, or my schools president to say she'll expel me. But if either of them just say "wanna fuck?" It's not illegal. No matter how unprofessional. If this kid had been 17 these teachers would be out of a job. Not facing jail time.  




 There are only 12 US states where they have to be 18 before it's legal for an adult to have sex with them. In the other 38 it's either 16 or 17. This is not some terrible crime that's only legal in the hick country. In most states the only thing wrong here is a lack of professionalism. 

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ages_of_consent_in_North_America 




 16 is not a child. That's the age of consent in most states.  




 It has as much to do with the attractiveness of the perpetrators as it does the gender. If these women were hags it'd say race. If it were some bradley cooper looking motherfucker it'd say sex. Honestly though, what heterosexual sixteen year old male would turn down a three way with these two?

http://tribwgno.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/destrehan-high-with-both-teachers-2.jpg?w=840 h=441 




 I had a mole shave about a month ago and I need a recommendation for a product that will fade the scar faster. I live in a small college town btw so easier to find is better 




 Jen Selter is always spouting off the various brands she uses on twitter and instagram 









 Not in a right to work federal minimum wage state.  




 Mines made of brick and wood and cement 




 You might  be able to donate plasma or bone marrow but I'm not sure how the matching works for those 




 A million lives is an exaggeration,  but lives would be lost. The HIV pathogen can remain dormant for up six months before tests can finally catch it. 




 Meh you've got the most selfish blood type so it doesn't really matter for you personally. Only fellow AB- people can take your blood. Now if you were O it'd be another story.  




 What other reason is there for someone with a mobile body and sound mind to commit suicide? 




 What was irrational about my comment? The fact that modern medicine means that you can end mental suffering without suicide?  




 There is not a single person on earth that has thought about suicide, seeked help, and regretted not going through with it after the fact. Medication, therapy, whatever. There are things that work to combat depression in the modern realm of medicine. And I don't give a fuck what people say, suicide is fucking selfish. No matter how much you believe otherwise there will be somebody that is seriously affected by your suicide and you may have unknowingly sent them on the road to suicide.  




 Because they're not even facing a problem yet. It's a fucking preemptive measure. Euthenasia should be for true incurable pain and suffering. Not depression and sadness,  and definitely not expected depression and sadness. 




 There are very few reasons for which I think assisted suicide should be allowed. This, this is not one of them. 




 It alerts you doe so you can bitch slap them 




 Side note, the kamikaze wings are the creation of the devil. Unless your lips and mouth are lined with fire extinguishers and your shitter is numb rhen it's not worth it. 

The fire my ass felt as they came out... ^^it ^^haunts ^^me 




 Hot Mama's wings brah.  




 Snapchat doe 




 In almost every first world country those officers would be under review for meeting a non lethal threat with lethal weapons.  




 It just seems weird to me that there are no greek houses. Does it still foster the same sense of brother/sisterhood without houses? 




 ITT: The measure taken by the German police was chill. 

I ask you though, how would you people be reacting if this happened in the US? Reddit's got double standards yall 




 Climbing a 250 ft tree without any form of harness? Nah.  




 That seems... unsafe. 




 First the pizza incident and now this? C'mon de Blasio you're representing NYC now. 




 I will be boycotting all businesses that do this through the holiday season.  




 Well here's a start. Overstating your value is a pretty good indication of narcissist personality disorder. 

http://news.yahoo.com/5-ways-nsa-leaker-edward-snowdens-story-isnt-115500971.html

Oh and his claims of not working with foreign gov'ts?

http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/01/03/snowden-lied-about-china-contacts.html


Oh yeah, I forgot. He's also putin's pawn now.

http://m.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2014/04/the-lies-edward-snowden-tells/360893/ 




 Is there a way to order 2 different options in the same order or do I need to make separate orders? 




 Snowden is a narcissist and a traitor. He has been caught lying about so many things that I don't trust a word out of his mouth at this point. Oh yeah,  why would a patriot seek asylum in fucking China and Russia?  Those countries are the exact opposite of the ideals he supposedly stands for. Fuck snowden.  




 A bit about me: I currently go to SBCC and live in Isla Vista. After talking to my transfer counselor I've learned that I can probably transfer to USC and start as a sophomore in the fall of 2015 if I take certain classes this spring. USC was actually my second choice behind UCSB but I didn't get into either and I decided to TAG into UCSB rather than attend one of the four years I did get into. 


* Enough about me though, what I'm wondering is, how is the greek life at USC compared to the scene on DP here in IV? Am I going to feel let down by it after I've experienced Halloween and Deltopia? 

* Coming from a middle class family that hasn't done anything spectacular,  what are my chances of actually getting a bid from a good fraternity? (My cousin is an ATO so that could be cool).

* Does the USC campus have a college town vibe or does it feel like you're in a big city?

Thanks! 




 if you want a device to get things done, to not play with - Blackberry is what you get.

That was true like 5 or 6 years ago when the blackberry waa making the only widely produced phone that resembled a smartphone and had a full keyboard but nowadays it doesn't matter. Iphone, Galaxy,  it doesn't matter because they all have business apps, full keyboards, and ease of use. If you just want to do business then any of the major smartphones will work for you just about equally.  




 Comment graveyard turn back now 




 Uhhh guys someone should look into this guy 









 Boobs 




 I crashed my bike today and now my confidence is a bit shot.I haven't ridden regularly for about four years and I bought the bike on Thursday to get around school and I've ridden it pretty much everyday since and I've loved it! However, tonight I was going for a ride and asi pulled away from the stop sign I stood up and pedaled which threw me off balance and caused me to crash in the middle of the street. Honestly I'm lucky I was under a street light so the oncoming car saw me and stopped. I managed to get away with a few minor scrapes on my elbow and what feels like a bruised rib. My main problem is I'm embarrassed, my confidence is shot, and I'm a bit scared to go riding again. Any advice?  




 I think you mean santa barbara/isla vista 




 shit that isn't a crime

It is a crime. Public use of marijuana, much like alcohol, remains illegal in Washington. They're being dropped because of the way they were written and because he was targeting.  




 Because the last orgy you went to ended with you shitting on a couple girls 




 You and your boys should spray paint "rapists" in big letters on their house using acrylic paint. 




 They're not cops. 




 There's another factor, reddits cop hate circle jerk. A picture of a police car parked in a faded handicap spot got more upvotes than this and people were calling on OP to send the picture to all of his local news outlets. It was fucking retarded. The kicker? the spot wasn't even legally considered a handicap spot anymore.  




 I'd like to be able to do what iphones can and have access to the camera without unlocking the phone so that if I give it to someone to take a picture I don't have to worry about them snooping through my stuff.  




 Coming from an Oregon kid, eehhhh. The metrosexual hipster motherfuckers get pretty into soccer but outside of the Portland metro nobody really gives that much of a shit about soccer. Duck football is bigger than portland soccer. 




 Gracias he says as he senses his high school Spanish teacher's disappointment 




 Can someone translate it for me? 




 Not everyone has the mental capacity to bring on the next stage of civilization. And we've only been in this stage for 20 or so years.  




 Yeah? And what will they do instead?  Sit around mindlessly watching TV until their unemployment runs out? 




 Get rid of needless jobs like truck driving.

I am not looking forward to that. Between the 3.5 million semi truck drivers, 233k taxi drivers, 650k+ bus drivers, and the rest of the driving jobs in the US, commercial self driving car technology is an unemployment time bomb waiting to explode. This is the one technology that I truly think needs to have sanctions placed on it for commercial use. 




 Another one here 




 That's the issue. I can't be there for him. We go to different colleges now and his new "experienced" friends came up with the idea to try edibles. I'm honestly worried about him getting that high with people stupid enough to give a first timer an edible. I gave him advice like eating a full meal beforehand? only taking a bite and giving it time to kick in, but I can just tell that this is going to go south. 




 So my friend has decided to get high for the first time, I personally don't have a problem with this. I do have a problem with his method however. For his first high ever he will be using edibles.......... I told him that this is a terrible idea and he should smoke for his first time because it'll be easier to control his intake level but he refuses and says I'm iver reacting.  




 Planned parenthood for the win 




 Where do you live..? 




 Fuck I miss oregons friendliness. It's just not the same down here in socal. 




 Mine resistant has become a buzz word for the police militarization crowd. When looking at MRAPs the key word for police is armored. If you're rolling up to an active shooter situation in a squad car you're in for a bad time. The fact of the matter is that even a .22 can penetrate every part of a car except the engine block. 

[Here is a video if a .22lr and common pistol rounds being tested on a car door](http://youtu.be/lkYBd9p3b8M). Whether it fits your agenda or not you need to admit that it's well within reason for police departments to own an armored vehicle.  




 So where are the people that launched the original story alleging police corruption to the front page less than 3 hours after it was posted? Where are the 4k+ upvotes? 




 That's just ridiculous.  Everyone knows that the Internet was invented by Bill Gates and Steve Job when they were in college.  




 WNW3's wife? My guess is math or science 




 I'm not sure how I feel about my teachers being on reddit 




 I barely knew Canyon but he seemed like a chill dude. I'm sad I didn't get to know him better before this happened. Hannah on the other hand I did know pretty well, and I can honestly say that this could not have happened to a nicer girl. In the seven years we went to school together I don't think I ever saw her wrong somebody.  









 Hey quick question, is the helmet DOT rated and approved to be worn as a motorcycle helmet? 




 10th grade science teacher?  




 Gotta go over to /r/eyebleach after seeing that. NSFL this OP. 




 Those ROE went into effect in 2010. I call bullshit. 




 That's backwards retarded and completely misleading. Those rules of engagement are to some extent unique to the US, and were set by Obama. Before 2010, when the Taliban was still using gunfire as a common tactic, it was fire on people that were threats, especially in close quarters areas. Something else to think about: 


http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/dec/5/increase-in-battlefield-deaths-linked-to-new-rules/?page=all


http://rt.com/usa/battlefield-deaths-rules-engagement-change-862/



Now, I have friends and people that I love that are cops. If you expect me, them, or anyone they know to support them being restricted to the rules of engagement that soldiers in Afghanistan are binded to then I demand that their equipment be upgraded to afford higher levels of protection.  




 Not really. Nobody even needed to reload. They all probably just dumped a 13ish round mag which would be reasonable if they were by themselves. It takes a matter of seconds to shoot a magazine that size. They may not have realized that all of them were shooting in that time.  




 If you wamt to do that then you include all, but if you want to use at as a measurement of the probability of the success of your marriage as the guy I was replying to was, then you don't. Got it? 




 If you're going into combat with a bunch of 180lb men you should be able to carry at least one of those men on your back. The current standards for men is what the army has decided proves that you are in good enough shape to do that and anything else that gets tossed at you in a war zone. War is not about fairness. It's not about letting a 100lb feminist play dress up and pound her chest while saying she can do a man's job. If she truly wants to go to war she needs to be able to prove that she can pull her own weight and the weight of anybody that gets in a jam while they're out in that war zone.  




 Before some of yall get all confuzzled. Ranger school is not RIP/RASP, meaning it does not get you into the 75th. Ranger school is a leadership school and it gives you the Ranger TAB whereas someone in the 75th has a SCROLL. 




 I don't have an exact number but the general rule is once the deed is done it's time to be gone. 




 That happened.  














 So I'm making my first weed purchase tomorrow and I'm wondering if I'll need a ziploc or jar or something to contain the scent once I bring it back to my dorm. The RAs have a see it, smell it, hear it policy for checking people.  














 So I've moved to a new town for college and I've been having a bit of trouble making friends and the few friends I have made are pretty straight edge. But I've always had a bit of an interest in weed so I'd like to try it for the first time. I've met a dealer but he's a bit of an asshole and definitely not someone I really want to spend much time with. 









 I'll update with pics later, but essentially there's a pink area that extends out to where the plastic surgeon did the electric cauterization and then there's a grayish area where the original mole was. I'm slightly worried that the doctor may have missed some and that it'll regrow.

Edit: kind of grainy but here are pics

http://imgur.com/a/1sGcV 












































 Like a little yellow *30* days left type counter on the shows page. I say this because I was re watching The Defenders and got halfway through before it was taken down.  
























 Where does one go to join these leagues? 




 I'm still sporting the 'ole high school mop top. Never really had short hair before so I need somebody that can figure out what would look good on me.   












































 Just spotted a female, early 20s, walk onto my neighbors front deck and lean over the railing to do something, she then got back on her bikd and rode jn circles in the intersection while swearing to herself before traveling south down Washington st. 







































 So here's the deal, I've got a mole in the middle of my face and it's always bugged me and I want to get it removed before I go to college. I had an appointment with a dermatologist and they referred me to a plastic surgeon because they couldn't get the scar to flow with the natural lines of my face. The plastic surgery place was slow to get back to me and it's now a week and a half from the time I leave for college and I'm just now getting the appointment set. I originally wanted to have the procedure done here abd then have a doctor in my college town remove the stitches, but it seems like that might not even be possible at this point,  so if I had a consult here would the doctor be able to send his notes to a doctor in my college town so I could have it done right when I arrive or is that unlikely/illegal/impossible etc?

Edit:

Conversely, is it possible to have the procedure and consult done in the same appointment?  




 I was helmet shopping and the store owner was hard selling me a high viz kabuto kamui. The price is around $250 and it seems like a decent helmet. It's got the eye glasses insert port things, a drop down sun visor, an antifog insert, and a quick clip chin strap thing. 

Apparently the company is new to the US so the products are being sold more cheaply than they normally would. The guy at the store basically said that they're only a step below Shoei.

Is that true? If it is then it seems like a pretty good deal but I'm not sure.  




 A couple weeks ago I overhead a conversation at the DMV but it's just now dawning on me how amazing this guy is.

 So I arrived at the DMV and took my number. Usual DMV shit. I've got like a 90 minute wait time. I go take a seat and end up eavesdropping on a conversation that's happening behind me. It's this 20 something black kid talking to a 40 something Hispanic dude with a fairly thick accent. They're shooting the shit and doing the normal small talk thing and the hispanic guy gets around to asking the kid what he does. The kid says that he usually works construction but hasn't been able to find a job lately. They talk a bit about construction and then the hispanic guy tells the kid how to apply for a job at McDonald's and how it's a great place and whatnot. At this point I'm sorta rolling my eyes and thinking what the fuck is this guy talking about. The kid says he's applied everywhere and no one is hiring. The hispanic guy says to apply to a specific McDonald's location and that he can get the kid some hours. At this point the kid asks how he can do that and the hispanic guy replies that he's the owner of that location. The kid asks how that came to be and the hispanic guy says that his family immigrated to California ehen he was about 10. During high school he knocked up his girlfriend and took a job at McDonald's to pay all the bills. He worked at McDonald's for 20 years before he was promoted to manager and after 5 more years he had saved up enough money to purchase a franchise location. 


I'm blown away. I look at my life and myself and I know I couldn't do that. I couldn't work at a fast food restaurant for 20 years to support my family. That man is a better man than me and he's only ever worked at fucking McDonald's.  









 So I picked up a high viz kabuto kamui today for $250 and now I'm off to check out bikes. The guy said that it's one of the better helmets in the price range, which I believe. He also said that it's of Shoei quality but since it's new to the US it's not as pricey yet. Not sure how true that is, but I'm happy with my purchase!  




 So the basic strength test is that you need to lift a stretcher loaded w/ a 150lb person with help. That's easy enough with deadlift training but I was talking to some EMTs and some people over in /r/ems and they said that deadlifts are all fine and good, but more often than not you're not going to have time or room to use proper DL form and I'll be carrying the stretcher in awkward positions on stairwells and stuff. So that said, I'm doing Coolcicada's PPL right now, but I want some suggestions for a workout that will strengthen all the little muscles in my back so I don't snap it if I'm lifting a 210lb dude from a weird position.  




 I just moved to town and I'm looking for a place to gamble. Primarily hold 'em and blackjack. How is the gambling there? Are they fair (or at least as fair as you expect a casino to be) or is it kind of shady? 




 I'm looking for a place with a large selection, particularly of helmets, but most of the places in the area seem to be smaller gear stores attached to bike dealers. I know I can order from revzilla but I prefer buying helmets in person 




 So I'm in a car doing 45 on a four lane road and I've got a car in front of me, a motorcyclist slightly behind in the lane next to me and a car in front of the motorcyclist. This van is coming up behind me doing 55-60 and the car in front of me decides to slow down to turn right. Well, the van doesn't see us slowing until the last second so to avoid rear ending me he swerves into the left lane still going ~55. The motorcyclist somehow sees him at the last second and guns it while swerving into the space in front of me.

If that motorcycle didn't have that reaction time I would be telling a different story. Stay safe out there. 







































 I did everything you're supposed to do. I showered after every workout. I changed clothes after workouts. I dried my shit off after every shower. But one day I fucked up. It was a particularly hot day (95ish F) and I did my usual mid day cardio workout. I was in a rush so I skipped my post workout shower and went straight to my next location. I then went to my afternoon weightlifting sesh and ran into my buddy. We got to talking and I ran out of time so I skipped the shower again. The next day I pop in the shower and **HOLY MOTHER OF JESUS WHAT THE FUCK.** My left thigh and the left side of my balls were burning like a mother fucker. Now I've gotta spend 2-4 weeks using antifungal cream on my junk before my shit stops burning or I can have sex that isn't painful and embarrassing. 


Be careful ladies (yes you too) and gentlemen. This stuff sucks. 
























 Because this wasn't an OD in the sense you're talking about. If my doctor prescribed my a lethal dose of oxycodone then he probably would be charged with malpractice and maybe even negligent homicide. This however, happened because someone was selling adulterated pills. In all likelihood these people took what would have been a non-lethal dose of mdma but it ended up containing enough of the adulterant to kill them. 














 Front or back. Think of your head as a clock 




 Almost like nobody wants to do salvia, and if they do do it they never want to do it again 




 It's in late January.  I don't think so but my doctor has been considering getting me off them soon so maybe I'll wait until EDC to hang with molly 




 I've been digging Galantis lately, check out Runaway (U   I). So Young So High by Dada Life is pretty good too. Oooh and Colors by Tobu. That's all EDM but it doesn't have the insane bass drops.  




 So I've been taking welbutrin for a bit less than a year now -150mg XL (extended release?) and I'm planning on rolling for the first time at an upcoming festival. The interactions page on erowid cautions about how welbutrin can alter the effects of mdma but doesn't really go much more into it. Is there anything I should be worried about? I went through an extremely depressed phase for about four months before I started taking welbutrin and it helped immensely. I occasionally miss a dose but it doesn't cause any noticeable changes when it happens. 




 I think that's a pen or something like that 




 Looking for a place to take a buddy for his 20th 




 A lot of states eother already have or are adopting an 8.50ish minimum wage. Assuming 8.59hrs a day552 we get just under 20k. If they work six days a week we get 23k.  




 Honestly that's verging on lower than full time minimum wage pay in a lot of states so if you're salaried w/out commission at that then you're getting gypped to hell. 




 What about mephedrone? 




 I just went on the edc website to buy tickets for edc vegas 2015 and it says it tickets are unavailable. Is it sold out or what's the deal? 




 I read the same thing. Seems a bit ridiculous though.  Nicotine, caffeine, adderall, even exercise,  are going to more effective with much less risk. 




 Most people use "dab" rigs. Which can either be a their own smoking device or just a something that replaces the bowl piece on a bong. You'll heat up the concentrate with a torch lighter usually. Concentrates can also be vaped. 




 Im motivated as fuck right now so tomorrow I'm gonna get a fresh mile time 




 I haven't been able to do a full body pushup since middle school or maybe even elementary school and I just fucking did one! It's 1am and I started thinking to myself "You've gotten stronger and you've lost 40lbs, I bet you can do a pushup" and I got onto the floor in my boxers and fucking did one. 




 I know of all of those except for bordeaux (although after googling it I've found that it's the size of a small US city so that makes sense). I also could point them out so long as borders were drawn on the map because I actually paid attention in geography class. 




 Op is probably a nurse 









 Yes. As far as I know it's *only* legal for **certain** tribes to use in the process of a religious ceremony.  




 18 year old here. That's definitely not true.  




 So I bit off more than I could chew and decided to take a course without taking the skill advisory course beforehand. Couple that with an absolutely horrific professor and it being my first semester of college and I kind of fucked up. I'm at SBCC right now and trying to TAG UCSB and apply to Berkeley L S and UCLA. Can this course hurt my chances/void my TAG or am I good? It's not UC transferable.  I'm expecting a C or a D. 




 There aren't exactly many non-corporate cell phones nowadays and they've become somewhat of a necessity in this day and age.  




 I just don't get them. All of my friends talk about weird shit when they're stoned but even at an [8] I only really feel it in my body with the exception of being really happy. 




 Banging coke or shooting smack on a regular basis is much more dangerous than morbid obesity. Dabbling in shit like weed and MDMA and psychedelics is not. 




 No. It's not. Go to any college campus in the US and you can find an addy source in 10 minutes if you really look.  




 I know that dance safe sells mdma test kits maybe they have one for coke 




 Except for the two assholes that have the tips of their noses showing. They just look silly 




 It's for packing the bowl down as you're milking it 




 HOW DO YOU DO THAT ON YOUR LAPTOP [7] 




 And it's almost like you missed the *shred of normality* part 




 I wouldn't chill with someone if I found out they got a sexualized horse tatted on their bicep 




 You should though because it means that someone doesn't get to have thanksgiving with their family. 




 Alright, does devoid of friends with a shred of normality work for you? The moment summer comes around and she puts on a tank top they're gone. 




 What's gamergate? 




 I like to take a walk by myself to smoke a j before bed 




 Grand daddy purple 




 Like is there any way for an employer to find that information 




 Idk where you live but I go to a party school so here its nbd to say that you got high af over the weekend 




 I was four 




 not as bad as greenville... 




 He posted another picture of a guy "cleaning up after the riots" that was wearing the same letters. My guess is that this is some sort of guerrilla advertising for the Alpha Omega Theta frat 




 That have those! I saw a uh documentary about one... 









 Lorde makes me uneasy 




 Honestly I got a plain black leather wallet with an O pressed into it at the duck store for $20 and it's lasted through four years of daily use now 




 Nah op just needs to send him the key 




 So for the past two weeks, and occasionally throughout the past couple of months, what I've been doing is drinking water throughout the day and maybe having a power bar or something like that and then just eating dinner. I find that it's easier for me to not snack during the day when I can distract myself from my hunger than at night when I'm trying to go to bed. So I usually eat a 1000-1500 calorie dinner that can keep me stuffed. Will this adversely affect my weight loss or is it effectively the same as eating three 500 calorie meals a day without snacking?  I'm 18/M/5'9/210ish lbs. 




 Unfortunately (lol) I'm in socal 




 I want a cb300f so bad but I'm also hoping to get ABS. Kinda sucks that that's not an option for those 




 There's a bong I really want (A medicali slyme!) but it's $200 so I'm waiting in the hopes that grass city will have a cyber Monday sale.  




 After going on their locator and filtering to only include stores with gas stations I've found that there are five in Oregon, several in Washington, and several in every major city in california.  




 I haven't had the chance to ride one yet but I REALLY want the black and yellow model. 




 You can camp on most of the channel islands 




 IV reppin over here 




 Never seen one with a gas station out here on the west coast. 




 I've lived in California and Oregon and never seen one with a gas station 




 7-11 has gas stations? 




 I dont think they can ding you for being well hydrated. If you eat salty stuff it'll help keep your piss yellow 




 They're probably carrying some a glock of some sort. 15-22 rounds depending on what kind  




 you cant really speak on the matter because you've never been in combat. Everything I've read says that you sort of lose count when you go into flight or fight and just shoot. It also wouldn't take more than 10 seconds to shoot 14 rounds so it's not an obscenely high amount. 




 How do you like that medicali bubbler? 




 You're probably fine but I would drink a bunch of water until then just to be safe. Just carry a water bottle with you wherever you are and refill it whenever you can. Try to get clear piss haha 




 I've gotten the spins twice now and it's terrible. Don't know what causes it. 




 How are you inhaling? You need to draw the smoke and then open your mouth and inhale air. That should force the smoke that's in your mouth and throat into your lungs. 




 Thanks! 5'10 









 I did but they're always ripping tobacco out of that bong so I mightve got some left over stuff from the bottom of the bowl. 




 So I'm not a stoner by any means. I'm rather new to this whole world, but usually it takes me about two bong hits to get me decently stoned. Last night however I took a super small bong hit and things started out normal. After about 5 minutes though I started getting pretty dizzy and when I walked my legs tingled. After I came down 2ish hrs later I noticed that my hands were kind of shaky when I was playing 2048. 




 I've always described it as: an alternate timeline in which Robin and Ted had stayed together right from the get go 




 /u/666pool I got you. Consider yourself summoned.  









 They're down voting because people that care about what meme you use, unless it's just absolutely retardedly wrong, are annoying as fuck.  




 It was the reflection of the blue emergency lights 




 They're turned into "steak" sandwiches 




 I mean for most "major" weight losses you'll be left with loose skin. It can go away, especially if you're young and it's your first time losing and all that jazz but for a lot of people it doesn't go away unfortunately.  




 Isn't that a bit sketchy? I feel like if there are any complications it'd be better to be in the US. 




 Those girls are making pennies on every dollar that people drop in their rooms. I can't tell you how many times I've heard popular cam girls complaining about bills or talking about a day job. I sincerely doubt that there are more than a few camgirls making excessive amounts of money.  




 That's some CSI shit right there 




 I get what you're saying. I suffered through depression for most of my senior year of high school.  I honestly considered killing myself a couple times. I was lucky in that the first antidepressant i tried with my doctor worked. If you have access to modern medical care then I think that you should try every antidepressant available to you before you consider killing yourself. At the same time, I recognize that what I went through is no life worth living. If you've exhausted your options and can't get out of that depressive state then, and only then, do I think you should be given the opportunity to commit assisted suicide.  




 The people taking it are usually uneducated villagers from rural china that truly believe in old fashioned eastern medicine. They don't deserve to die because the chinese gov't is doing a poor job at educating them about modern medical techniques and dispelling the myths of ancient medicine.  




 So why can't the federal rulings on gay marriage that have been happening be applied universally to overturn all gay marriage bans? 




 Definitely not. Kinda looks like she has an EDM/rave type outfit on. 




 No it moves like a handheld camera 




 I honestly didn't even think about it. The first time I ever smoked weed there was tobacco in the bowl for the third hit I took but I didn't rip a full bowl. The people I was with would take a hit and give me the bong to clear the rest. This time was only my third time smoking weed and I figured that it wouldn't be too different but it just completely fucked me up. My friend says I took way too big of a hit. I milked it all the way up the bong before pulling the bowl. I still feel a bit anxious and my tounge still feels weird but I'm doing better. I skipped my classes for the day to recover. 




 No I don't think he did. I'm just concerned because I still feel off and it's been almost 17 hours. I feel slightly dizzy and lightheaded 




 Oh I know the weed wasn't laced as I've smoked from that batch before. I was worried because i didn't pack my own bowl. It was packed by a friend's friend that does molly and adderall and he got the tobacco out of a sack he has pinned to the wall. 




 Well the recreational shops won't be open until July but you can probably ask around more openly for some weed now 




 Yeah it sucked. I'm still feeling kind of anxious and my tounge still wants to be on the roof of my mouth but otherwise I'm feeling better. I felt terrible yesterday tho. It was bad enough that I honestly thought that it had been spiked with something else for a bit. 




 It wasn't my very first time. I've had cugs a few times before. Usually they give me a headrush and I'm good. I live in a dorm so I was over at a friends place a few doors down when they offered to make me a chop. I still feel off and a bit nauseous and nervous today 




 Oh shit I just woke up after falling asleep maybe 30 min after I posted this. Hopefully I can elaborate a bit better now and you guys can maybe tell if this is a normal reaction. So I took a hit of a bowl loaded with weed and tobacco. Almost immediately I felt like I was going to throw up. I managed to walk back to my room and then the room started spinning. My whole body felt super tickly and numb. I also couldn't stop putting my tounge to the roof of my mouth and my teeth were clenched and it felt like I had stomach acid on the back of my throat. 




 Oh shit I just woke up after falling asleep maybe 30 min after I posted this. Hopefully I can elaborate a bit better now and you guys can maybe tell if this is a normal reaction. So I took a hit of a bowl loaded with weed and tobacco. Almost immediately I felt like I was going to throw up. I managed to walk back to my room and then the room started spinning. My whole body felt super tickly and numb. I also couldn't stop putting my tounge to the roof of my mouth and my teeth were clenched and it felt like I had stomach acid on the back of my throat.  




 It's still happening. Clenching teeth. Tounge feels hot. Body tingling. Room spinning 




 It's worse. I cant control my tounge 









 I do care about quality. I don't have $400 to spend on glass though.  




 A sad attempt at less than a quarter of the price. Not everyone can drop hundreds on glass. 




 I'm looking at this one. Also is grass city discreet with their packaging? It'd have to go through the dorm mail system and my roommate might end up accepting the package and he's antiweed.

http://www.grasscity.com/int_en/blaze-glass-jet-flash-julia-7mm-glass-beaker-base-tube.html 




 I wish my hair was stupid thick. It's too thin for a solid draper look. 
 




 Santa Barbara county is voting to put their inactive desalination plant on standby.  




 I don't blame them. I'd do the same thing.  




 so we had girls constantly coming in and out of our apartment to drink and hang out and do all that stuff.

Listen to ladies man magoo over here, talkin' about ladies n' stuff. 




 Box is balanced precariously on the vertical stick. Cat touches the horizontal stick which is tied to the vertical and it knocks the box off balance.  




 maybe one of the fucks down voting me could explain why?

Because it's not a blanket term. You wouldn't say that nigger is a derogatory term for white people would you? It's like a worse way of calling a woman a bitch. Yes, we call men bitches too but the meaning and offensiveness is different when directed at a woman.  




 It's the fact that he used it in a professional context that makes it bad. Especially because I assume that OP is American and it's a rather derogatory term for women here. The punishmwnt is retarded tho. 




 But he plead for no jail time so everything you just said is irrelevant.  




 I went to 4j schools from K-12 and I liked them. Graduated from south this past june. 




 The other one..... 




 You're 20? Grab a friend and drive to the nearest party school and rage! 




 Bruh don't leave us hanging. Who is she? 




 That's it! Thanks!  




 This is all I got. I think it may have been turkey jerky but I'm not sure.


http://i.imgur.com/UXJEdjfh.jpg 









 Animals that were raised on GMO feed would not be labeled when sold as meat, nor would their dairy.  




 I ended up voting no. I don't think GMO labeling is the greatest idea and the way the bill is written doesn't really help the pro labeling side as much as they'd like either 









 So first time voter here with a stupid question. When do the voting results come out 




 I don't want to spook him or anything like that 









 Do you still pull the bowl out with GonG? 









 It'll be sustainable for at least another 50-70 years at the current rate. With electric cars becoming more commonplace the longevity is also increasing in the manufacturing world.  




 Sweet. The day i turn down free beer is the day I'm a recovering alcoholic 









 Lol 




 Your cake day happens on the anniversary of your account creation... not sure how you can fake that 









 The other two commenters seemed to understand it. 




 You seem like an asshole tbh. I'm stating facts. Theres IS NO WAY for me to track my calories. They rarely postca complete ingredients list for the meals they prepare in the dining commons. I have not weighed myself because i don't know where to find a scale around here. I'm not sure what point you're trying to make with your response.  




 What about 8:18 




 I think they changed the rule a month or two ago. It was initially implemented to stop people from linking askreddit comments but i guess they decided to undo the blanket ban. 




 Honestly i have some doubts about whether snowden would be wanted if he had just exposed prism. It's the fact he exposed information about international surveillance and basically anything unrelated to prism that makes me dislime him 




 I haven't been in eug for a few months but I think I remember her being a shorter lady. Possibly with a hunchback.  




 So last night around ~10 I went out with a friend and we smoked with some people using a bong. I hit it twice with just a bit of smoke left in it and it didn't do much and then the third time I took a pretty big hit that gave me a nice body high and a bit of a head high. About 45 minutes later I went home and crashed super hard. It felt like I got an amazing nights sleep and woke up well rested but all of today I was really tired and spacey and I almost fell asleep in my business class. I got home and napped for like four hours. Was that from the weed or did I just not get as much sleep as I thought I did? 




 Or if the cop had been a state trooper and not a deputy then this guy would've been in the wrong. 
 




 I read the whole thing. He could be wrong depending on the officer or if deputies are granted state trooper privileges. 

 **Traffic control vehicles of the Washington state patrol may be exempted from the requirements** of subsection (2) of this section at the discretion of the chief of the Washington state patrol.

http://app.leg.wa.gov/rcw/default.aspx?cite=46.08.065 




 The camera guy was "that guy" in high school. He seems like an asshole.  




 Fun fact it stands for original poster 




 Portugal is easier though because their borders are tiny as fuck. It's much harder to smuggle drugs in. 




 Did those wheels come with it?  




 any update? 




 I'm thinking of building my own bike. I want it to be really lightweight, where's a good place to look for frames and all that stuff? 




 Yeah I guess I'll probably get the kilo. A shop around here carries Fuji's. How would the declaration or feather stack up to the TT? 




 In my dorm building atm but I'll be moving out soon. My bigger concern is weekends and work because I usually lock up off campus. 




 I know that the components aren't of the highest quality but bike theft is a huge problem where I live and I'm not sure that a nicer bike would last. I'm currently riding a Retrospec B SS and loving it! It really got me into cycling and I think I want to pick up a second bike. Enter the attack. Currently I think that I'm riding 10-20 miles a week, 30-40 if I really get going. I'm trying to ride more though so I'm trying to eventually do 10 a day for exercise plus whatever I do when I'm commuting.

http://www.vilanobikes.com/vilano-attack-fixed-gear-bike-track-bike.html 














 I absolutely love the single speed bike I got about a month and a half or so ago. I've been commuting on it and riding maybe 20ish miles a week. 50 if I'm really going strong. I was considering buying a motorcycle but I think I might want to invest in a higher end road bike for commuting and fitness. Any recommendations? I'd like to spend no more than $1,000. I like the simplicity of the SS but I realize that upgrading to a geared bike might be worth it for when i start doing longer rides. 




 Look for something in the description of the bike that says "flip flop hub." That allows you to flip the back wheel and make it a SS. I got [this bike](http://www.retrospecbicycles.com/b-series-fixie.html) about a month ago from a shop in my town and I absolutely love it. It's simple and lightweight. My only complaint is that it's terrible at absorbing bumps. 









 Amish religion bans music 




 I've been trying to lose weight and I picked up a SS for college a few weeks ago and I've literally never had so much fun exercising.  




  But wait, isn't the federal government in the US currently trying to claim that encryption is something that only people with something to hide would use?

No. The circlejerk blinded people so much that they couldn't actually read past the title of that story. What he was actually saying is that since encryption can be used as a weapon, companies selling encryption software need to start making a good faith effort to confirm that the person buying the encryption software lives inside the United States.  




 Eugene is hardly the middle of nowhere though.  




 Germany sounds shitty 




 That's what I linked bro 




 I'm sure it says somewhere on the website. Don't these local vendors have some sort of bulk discount?  









 Because they're on the reliable vendors list in the FAQs. Is the slam dunk vendor sunmodalert? That's my second choice although after researching sun pharmas and looking at their site I'm leaning that way 




 My roommates and I share a mailbox and all mail gets processed through the university mail system. Too many potentially risky variables.  




 It would really ease my mind if I knew that a legit operation was running this website 




 I just got it and didn't need a phone number 




 So Coinbase seemed like my best option but I don't really want to link my bank account to buy the BTC (about $60 usd worth). I really just want to buy the BTC with my debit card. Can I do that with coinbase by purchasing the BTC from another source? Sorry I'm really new to all of this. 
























 I can't take credit for the video, I just came across it the other day. 




 Damn those trucks are riding low 




 Anyone else like the board shape a lot? 









 He still couldve been injured. He landed on the bike so he'll be kinda cut up and have some awkward bruises for a bit. 




 Haha I still can't figure out of he's a cop or of he just wanted to join in  




 Daaaaaaaaamnnnnnn that's a lo. Did it fuck with your sleep at all? I can't sleep if I take mine after 1pm so I can't imagine what a 200mg redose would do to my sleep schedule 




 It doesn't turn at all. It's completely stuck. I've put about as much force into it as I can and it won't budge 




 What dose were you on? I've been on 150 mg of xl for about a year now and even when I was prescribed promethazine codeine by the student health center I never experienced any seizure symptoms (knock on wood) 




 I take this stuff and it's done wonders for me but whenever I plan to go out drinking or take adderall to study I skip my dose for that day. It definitely helps that I'm a bigger guy and my dose is on the lower end of the spectrum though. 




 They're just the standard muirskate bearings I'm thinking of getting bones reds though. The bigger problem is the stuck nut and I have no idea what to do about it. 




 Nope I'm in the dorms right now so all I've got is the skate tool muirskate gave me 




 Need a bit of help guys. It sounds like my bearings need to be cleaned and lubed as they're making sort of a *ssfiiiiiit* type noise but the nut on one of my wheels is stuck. I've tried to get it off like 5 times now and it just won't budge. The others move just fine. Any ideas? Should I just take it to a local skate shop? I got it off muirskate like six months ago  









 It's rare but it's not unheard of for people to turn violent during a road rage incident. 




 Intrinsic worth is just that, intrinsic. She doesn't have to justify it to you. 




 Cars, castles, clubs, and California girls 




 Idk I saw a post on silverfish from about six months ago that seemed to indicate that they had ended production. And the funbox website is down so idk 




 I thought churchill stopped making those? Go ducks btw. I grew up in Eugene and moved to socal last year. 




 10.5 




 It's short but it's really wide. It makes it kinda awkward to lug around 




 So I'm looking for another board to add to my quiver, and idk what to get. I'm looking for a lightweight portable campus cruiser that's under 26 inches, and this is going to sound kinda weird, but I want a small kicktail. Oddly enough the penny fits the bill but I want to explore alternatives before I settle on it. Pros for the penny are that it's cheap, lightweight, small, and smooth for its size.
 




 I mean it's not too hard.... I got most of my Karma in the first 8 months of being on reddit. 




 I never said I supported prism, I don't. I do however, support international surveillance programs. And that's where he fucked up. I would support his actions 100% if he had only released information regarding prism and similar domestic surveillance programs, but he didn't. He foolishly decided to release **classified** information  regarding **legitimate** surveillance programs on political and military figures in nations like Russia and China and Pakistan. That is where he fucked up. As I said, a right doesn't excuse a wrong. There was no reason that he had to leak information about legitimate programs. You and the hivemind seem intent on ignoring half of the facts regarding his actions.    




 Or they're realists that understand that you can be right and wrong at the same time. Stop sucking his dick and try to comprehend the fact that him exposing NSA spying on US citizens is NOT an excuse for leaking information about international surveillance programs. You are the epitome of the hivemind and it sickens me that people like you are so blinded by your own ideals that you can't understand that he majorly fucked up. Yes, he exposed a program that is infringing on our rights, but he also fucked up several legitimate programs. One does not excuse the other.  




 To say that he didn't commit espionage is a lie. American citizens can be charged with espionage against the US. There is precedent for it. And do you honestly believe that he didn't give Russia any of that information? How naive can you be? Russia isn't hosting him because they enjoy his company. Beyond that, an entity can be many things it does not have to be a country. 




 Gotta edit that. It's the definition of espionage. 




 That doesn't make it right, nor does it excuse him. Edward Snowden could've done what he did in such a way that it could legitimately be considered civil disobedience, but he leaked more than what was necessary for his cause. For that he is a traitor. There is no way to get around that. Edward Snowden is a traitor for leaking states secrets and then fleeing with that information to not one, but two countries that are in a quasi cold war with the western world. He fucked up. Simple as that. 




 Colorado? 




 Every force in the world worth their salt spies on each other. Every. Single. One. Russia spies on us, China spies on us, Israel spies on us, Pakistan spies on us, Iraq spies on us, Egypt spies on us, the list goes on. And we spy on them. It's how global diplomacy has worked since WW1. To think otherwise is foolish. To think that we shouldn't because we should set some kind of moral precedent is just plain stupid. For revealing the NSA spying on US citizens, maybe Snowden should be let off the hook. That's up to a judge and jury though. For royally fucking up global relations, and fucking the hell out of many of the CIA's legitimate surveillance programs he should face trial, and he should probably be convicted of treason and espionage. 




 We shouldn't be spying

Yes we should. It's  naive to think otherwise. The world isn't perfect and in this imperfect world exists weapons with the capability of leveling cities, states, even countries. It is imperative that we know what countries have what weapons, how stable their leadership is, and if they plan on using them. It's not a matter of morality. It's a matter of life and death. 




 I'm just going to copy and paste a response I used for another comment.

The problem is that he didn't just leak information regarding NSA spying on US citizens. If he did he might have a defense. He fucked up in a real bad way when he leaked information regarding US spying on foreign nations, which is legal under US law. Any "civil disobedience" defense he might have had went right out the window when he did that. When you expose classified info of surveillance programs designed to gather information about terrorists and hostile nations then you are, by the very definition of the word, a traitor. 




 The problem is that he didn't just leak information regarding NSA spying on US citizens. If he did he might have a defense. He fucked up in a real bad way when he leaked information regarding US spying on foreign nations, which is legal under US law. Any "civil disobedience" defense he might have had went right out the window when he did that. When you expose classified info of surveillance programs designed to gather information about terrorists and hostile nations then you are, by the very definition of the word, a traitor. 




 Those are the definitions that have existed since the laws are written. Regardless of how you feel about Snowden, he did break the law. The criminal justice system in the United States is not based on the court of public opinion, nor should it be. Tell me, if you truly believe that he should be found innocent, what should his defense be? You can't say that he didn't do it. You can't say that he deserves an exception to the law. What is the reasoning behind your idea that he simply shouldn't be punished? 




 Let's talk about this for a second. The legal definition of civil disobedience:

A symbolic, non-violent violation of the law, done deliberately in protest against some form of perceived injustice. **Mere dissent, protest, or disobedience of the law does not qualify.** The act must be nonviolent, open and visible, illegal, performed for the moral purpose of protesting an injustice, and **done with the expectation of being punished.**

Like it or not, civil disobedience is not a get out of jail free card. Otherwise anybody could commit any nonviolent crime they want in the name of ending injustice and get away with it. Snowden and his supporters should have absolutely no expectation that he will get away scott free just because he did it in the name of justice.

Here's the definition of espionage in the US:

The act of securing information of a military or political nature that a competing nation holds secret. It can involve the analysis of diplomatic reports, publications, statistics, and broadcasts, as well as spying, a clandestine activity carried out by an individual or individuals working under secret identity to gather classified information on behalf of another entity or nation. In the United States, the organization that heads most activities dedicated to espionage is the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).

What Snowden did falls squarely into the definition of espionage against the United States of America. If he gets convicted it's not because he had an unfair trial. It is because he publicly committed treason and left a massive trail of evidence while doing it. 




 So you're saying that humans are the Americans of the animal kingdom? 




 Oregon 




 It's in Lane county and held just beyond Veneta on the highway between Eugene and the oregon coast. Depending on the town and county Oregon can have very lax laws regarding nudity. 




 Who forgets a hot pocket!? Those 3 minutes are filled with excitement as you stare at your hot pocket rotating in the microwave  




 Just the country fair. It's a giant hippie fest complete with nudity, weed, and hallicinagens. Unfortunately most of the naked people there do not look like this woman.... 




 Oregon *Country fair 




 I will! If you don't mind my asking, what frat were you in? I'm sure you've heard that beta and phi sig both got shut down this year 




 I found the sister's Linkedin and she did go to UCSB which is a well known party school in SoCal so I believe him. 




 So have you gotten over the graduate depression yet? I'll play a round of snappa in your honor. 




 So I went to a pretty well known party school in southern California

I'm guessing UCSB  




 Muirskate is pretty amazing. They've always been very helpful whenever I had questions for them. The only time I've ever thought about going elsewhere aas when I found a board for $30 less on another site but it ended up being the same with shipping. 




 I'm in sb. Regional differences I guess. 




 chops down in socal 




 [Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhN1STep_zk) if anyone wants to see the full video. It's a highlight reel type thing from stargate studios that shows green screens on a bunch of their sets. There are clips from The Walking Dead, White Collar, Grey's Anatomy, and a bunch of other shows that I don't recognize. 









 Is there any chance that there are fish type creatures living on Titan? 




 The only problem is the fine is obscenely high. Like 4 times what a high speeding ticket would be in the US 




 The roof above the rear seats has been crushed at least 2 ft downward. It could have easily killed someone. The only thing that would've saved the driver is that he drove forward a few feet. 




 Do you think the stock setup (paris 108mm street trucks w/ divine wheels) is better than what muirskate is suggesting (109mm independent stage 11 trucks w/ 60mm abec 11 retro bertZ's)? From what I can tell the biggest difference between the trucks is that the independent's will need a .25 riser pad to accommodate rhe wheels while the paris trucks are tall enough to accommodate the wheels without a riser. 




 Experiences with Riviera boards? I'm really digging the "Pray for Surf."  




 Except for the jaw, mouth, chin, nose areas 




 Been on reddit for almost a year and a half and never seen it before. 









 I grew up in Eugene and springfield oregon has enough tweakers and blue collar workers to resemble springfield  




 In the US they're far above  Muslims  









 Not really 




 That's terrible advice. 




 Like fried mash potatoes with cheese 




 No I think this is just a plan to/from school for break. Chicago would've been pretty out of their way. 




 I see. Afghanistan? Stay safe out there. 




 How do I get me some of this fancy alcohol infused tobacco? 




 Where do you live that experiences sand storms? 














 The RAs are aware of the situation and they say their hands are tied because besides the noise problems he's not actually breaking any rules. My only course of action is to file a "concern for student" report with the school which means they'll interview him and decide if he's in need of mandatory therapy sessions.

Most importantly of all, have you told your roommate his actions are unnacceptable? 

I have but he's one of those people that basically argues with you until you say something slightly contradictory and then he calls you on it and decides that he's one the argument. Talking doesn't help. 




 I feel sorry for him to actually. He doesn't know anyone so he has nobody to live with next year. But honestly, I think he just needs to take a year off and grow up a bit more before he wastes his parents money on another failed year. 




 He never showers.   -- Who the fuck cares?

I do because he smells like ass.

He gets bad grades." -- Dude, who the fuck cares?

I wouldn't if he wasn't constantly complaining about how hard it is to get good grades in college while simultaneously playing 70 hours of LoL a week.


"He doesn't have any friends." -- Dude... who the FUCK cares??

I do because  he is ALWAYS in our room. Literally the only way for me to get space from him is to physically leave the building.  




 I doubt it. During the same time period that coke had coke in their sodas it was a common thing in france to put cocaine in wine, and it was fairly commonly prescribed in the US. 




 I mean that's what happens when you can afford a 5 star lawyer 




 Investment bankers; the only group of people that consume more hard drugs than A-List celebrities  




 It's a secret but it's assumed by people that have gotten it that one is an OG. The problem is that only the one source grows it so you never actually know if you're getting the real thing, as evidenced by the [pictures of it on leafly](http://www.leafly.com/hybrid/khalifa-kush/photos). So consequently nobody can make an accurate guess since they might not even have the real stuff. 




 I don't think he personally cultivated it. I think he just chose the parent strains and a grower did the rest. 




 Mine is Khalifa Kush. My dealer sold me some stuff a few months ago that was supposedly Khalifa Kush, the strain that wiz himself designed. They say its not available to the public and the only way to get it is from wizs grower. Idk bout all that but I know it was fucking dank. 




 I believe that I remember reading somewhere that mosquitoes are so insignificant to the global ecosystem that they are literally the only thing on earth that can be made extinct with absolutely no repercussions. 




 So I have a roommate, I guess we will call him Matt. At first it seemed like I had lucked out with Matt, he brought a fridge, a microwave, and a few game systems. He mostly kept to himself and he was pretty quiet even when he was playing LoL with his friends from high school. He only played LoL in the common room too so it wasn't really a big deal. Well one day our suite mate invited some people over and they were hanging out in the living room so Matt asked me if he could play LoL in our room. I said whatever nbd. Fast forward two weeks and matt has pretty much stopped moving to the living room to play LoL (which he was doing more frequently at this point) and is basically only playing in our room. His volume is also increasing, he's laughing and yelling at his friends, making retarded nerd jokes, and getting angry when they're losing. His friend group is also completely dysfunctional so they're always arguing about some petty bullshit.  

Fast forward another three weeks and Matt still hasn't made any friends and frequently skips class for one reason or another so he is ALWAYS in our room. To top it off it turns out that Matt is a goddamn insomniac so after I tell him to shut up so I can sleep I still have to listen to him rapidly clicking his mouse (I once woke up to piss at 4 in the fucking morning and he was still just sitting at his desk playing LoL). He has also become loud to the point that on a nightly basis our neighbors or an RA is coming to our door to tell him to shut the fuck up. 

And if all that wasn't enough he has tossed personal hygiene to the wind. It's not uncommon for him to wear the same clothes for two weeks straight, now I know what you're thinking, that's gross for a shirt but it's not terrible for pants, well this motherfucker sleeps in the pants that he wears during the day. Yeah you read that right. This disgusting motherfucker sleeps in his jeans and his khakis. Just goes to bed, wakes up, goes to class, and repeats for weeks on end. I don't even know if he changes his boxers. What I do know is that he does not shower, like, at all. I know this because the cleaning people come once a month to clean our bathrooms and when they do that they take all of the shampoo out of the shower and put it on the back of the toilet.  It usually takes Matt a few weeks to a month to put his shit back in the shower. YES THIS DILLHOLE DOES NOT EVEN SHOWER ON A BI-WEEKLY BASIS. We started the current semester in early january and I know for a fact that he has not showered since the first week, so it has been OVER A MONTH since he last showered. I got curious last week and picked up his shampoo bottle that he has had since the beginning of the year to see how full it was. Almost completely full... Like it feels like it has been used twice. 

But wait, there's more! I told you how he is constantly playing LoL, right? Well it causes him to procrastinate, like a lot. He took 9 credit hours (with three classes) last semester (You're considered a full time student at a bare minimum of 12), and he was always complaining about all nighters. He probably pulled one all nighter a week. Almost without fail on a daily basis I would hear him complain to his friends from high school about how hard the workload is in college, and how much work he had to do, and then he would go and play LoL at least until I went to sleep at 1am. That's not all though, Matt somehow managed to get a C- in his Algebra class last semester (Yes you read that right too, he hadn't reached college level math yet so he was taking an algebra class to be eligible for college math courses), a low B in his History 101 course, and a B in his intro to art history course. Yes, with 9 credits, and one class that wasn't even college level, he managed to finish the semester with a GPA around 2.5..... and his excuse was that his teachers sucked.


Now you may be wondering, why haven't I introduced him to some people? Why I haven't I helped him make friends so that he would leave our place more often? Well believe me, I've tried. Matt will only go places with me if he has an incentive to go there. That means that he will only leave our place if there is an incentive for him to do so, which means he only leaves to go to class or get food. He has actually only left our room for something besides food and class three times this entire school year. Twice were with me. I've invited him to go with me to my friends houses and dorm rooms before and his response is that he thinks we're going to peer pressure him into drinking or smoking weed, I told him that if anyone did that we would leave right away. He said that I was lying. 

And that's Matt, if you're wondering, no he still has not made a single friend to this day, and no he has not yet realized that he's disgusting.

**TLDR** My roommate showers once a month, wears clothes 24 hours a day for weeks on end, plays LoL on a daily basis with his friends from high school and yells loudly while he does it, and hasn't left our dorm room for any reason other than class and food more than three times this semester. 




 The worst part is that with this mentality they're going to go out and drive drunk again as soon as they get a hold of a vehicle without a breathalyzer ignition. I have an immense amount of respect for recovered alcoholics because a lot of them never learn. 




 That explains it. I think you're pulling the "overseas tourist" and underestimating truly how big the US is. You need that north south division or else things get all sorts of confusing. 




 It's true. I've found that very few people are truly ugly. It's definitely something that for the most part you can control.  




 Haha you guys have basketball  




 Nah bud is only sorta kinda legal here. It's oregon and Washington that has the legal recreational stuff. Now wait just a minute, let's not forget which USC is a div 1 football powerhouse and academically superior. 




 People that go to school in socal, such as myself.... 




 of course the apex dd is fragile. It's three ply. I agree that they wouldn't be my first choice but at the same time a lot of their boards are good for younger kids that want to try longboarding. 




 Why? Their videos have helped immensely with growing the community. 




 The other thing is that it's much easier for bikers to control themselves in a stop. Like once you enter a slide on a board then for the most part you're committed but the biker can brake and unbreak to swerve as needed. 









 Image sells. Have you ever noticed that he only does something douchey before an album or clothing line drops? 




 What, acknowledging that an artist is good means I'm sucking their dick? Do you realize that you're exactly like the "edgy" people from the past that hated the Beatles or elvis or sinatra or the stones or any other mainstream artist just because they're in the mainstream? The question is, are you "le wrong generation" edgy or "the only good music is stuff nobody has heard of" edgy? 




 Why would I shoot Kanye? Whether you want to admit it or not, he's an amazing artist. Who else has changed their musical style for every single album and still had commercial success with every single album? And the douchebag thing is an act. He's actually a rather intelligent and down to earth guy. [As evidenced by this video](http://youtu.be/MHSP8KuTa7U). 









 duck dynasty. It's shockingly funny. 









 Girls started acknowledging me! The first time I realized that I was starting to actually get fit was when I sat down to lunch and this cute girl at the table across from me smiled at me and started asking me questions about myself. The confidence boost is incredible too. 




 Two things,

I wish I had tried. I was one of those kids that was smart and knew it but was too naive to realize that I had to prove that I was smart to other people. By the time I realized that I had fucked up I was halfway through sophomore year with a sub 2.5 GPA. It was too late for me to get into a good school. I was just accepted into my dream school as a CC transfer. Yeah I saved a bit of cash, but I missed out on the opportunity to join a frat and I never had a true dorm experience.

I also wish I had played a sport. Once you leave high school you basically lose the opportunity to play a lot of sports. Most communities don't have adult (tackle) football or lacrosse leagues so it's really your only chance. 









 When I first saw the video I kept thinking it was going to kick him. I guess camels aren't as scrappy as horses 




 [source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CyiJtp-B8g). The video is even worse because the camel keeps grunting and making terrified noises and the guys keep laughing. 














 People do amazing things in real life. They climb mountains that can kill you. They surf waves that are taller than some houses. They jump out of planes and fight wars. And believe it or not, some of them make enough money that to them dropping a grand is akin to you or me buying a friend a sandwich. The point I'm making here, is that you would be much less skeptical of things other people do if you weren't on reddit so much that you're using subreddits as hashtags. 




 I don't know much about the tech industry but I imagine it has to do with advancement in the company. Once you reach a certain level it becomes more valuable for you to know how to apply your previous tech experience to the business aspects of the company and not so important that you know how to do tech related things
 




 They were. This is saying that Vermont would be the first state to legalize through state legislature, which essentially means the decision would be made within the state government. Colorado legalized through a bill placed on the ballot, which means that they voted on it publicly. 




  Personal cultivation would be limited to secure indoor facilities.

So does that mean that you could only grow at designated "gardens" or you could only grow in your house? 




 I have the tugboat, love it. 




 Why? I support eating meat. I don't want to live near a slaughter house. I like boating, doesn't mean I want to live on a lake with speed boats going by constantly. I support air travel, doesn't mean I want to live near an airport. The all or nothing mentality you have is retarded. The fact of the matter is that windmills DO make noise, and they can be somewhat of an eyesore. I'm sure she would be happy to support the building of windmills in an area that didn't effect her neighborhood's scenery and property values. 




 [that's not four feet](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/52/BANGUI_WINDMILL,ILOCOS_NORTE_2.jpg) 




 If it's just a standard metal window screen it shouldn't be a problem. Certainly not enough to cause you to develop a cough from  2 smoke sesh's 




 Girls dont poop so they don't have to wipe duh 




 Yeah that's what I'm thinking too. The wheels light up when you move which is why I'm curious but I'm thinking I'll pass. 




 Has anyone here tried sunset skateboard wheels? How are they? what's the hardness like? 




 So I remember reading something awhile back that basically stated that depending on where you are in the galaxy one year could be 20 earth years (or x number of years) and you would age accordingly. How is it possible that I could travel somewhere else in the galaxy and age a year and then return to earth 20 or 30 years later? If I brought a stopwatch would it show that I had been gone for a year or 20 years? 




 Yeah a mod should message you to let you know that you've been made an approved submitter 




 +correct. Sorry guys I fell asleep  




 Hint: this school is near the Pacific ocean 




 Hint: According to most lists it is a top ten party school. 









 Byu- mitt Romney  




 I just went with the number that yelp gave me but point proven! 




 So I'm currently a freshman at a CC in California and I love it but I'm not sure I want to wait another year before I can transfer into a University. I was looking up good econ schools and I noticed that IU has a pretty good econ program and doesn't require 60 credits before you can transfer so now I'm interested.

1) What is the party scene like? I live near the UC Santa Barbara campus so I can basically rage whenever I want and the alcohol is plentiful. Do you need to go greek to go to good parties? Do people ever just kickback and smoke weed?

2) If I decide to go greek is it hard to get into a top frat or are they pretty welcoming? I've got a lot of friends here that are Betas and ATOs and most of my friends from back home are Lambda Chis, idk if that would help me get into those frats but I've got that connection.

3) Is housing expensive? I'm currently paying $650 a month for a shared room in a 5 bedroom house so lower housing costs would definitely be a plus.

4) Is the econ program significantly more difficult to get into than the school itself? 

Thanks!

Edit:

Also the campus looks pretty big, how do people get around? Most people skate here but my guess is that you can't do that in the winter. 




 Because washington did it terribly and had a ton of hiccups in the process an there are only like one or two recreational dispensaries in seattle while denver has like 10. 




 If you don't mind my asking, which UC and what area of study? The UO really isn't a good school for most things when compared to most of the UCs. 




 At this point someone is planning on committing murder so they can be the douche that ends the streak. 




 After all of last year's shenanigans they started cracking down. On weekends the noise ordinance kicks in at midnight and on Halloween at 6pm.  




 Nah dog iv is dead on Halloween. Too many cops. This year it got rained out and I didn't see a single party only kickbacks. 




 Nope turns out he's  right... This guy crinkled the bag at 95 decibels 

http://gizmodo.com/5616427/sunchips-new-100-compostable-bag-is-hilariously-ear-damagingly-loud 




 Isn't it hard to dab something so liquidy? or is it more of a honey consistency? 




 I bought my wallet in my school bookstore 5 years ago for $20 and it's still in great shape. I'll never spend more than $20-30 on a wallet in my life. 




 I'm having trouble learning to skate. I've basically spent a total of 5 hrs spread over a few days attempting to learn and I cant seem to actually get up and riding. I'll push once or twice and then when I get my foot on the board I can't seem to get my balance right. Any advice? 




 Seperated. As a man I'm sad I know that but it comes with the territory of having female roommates. 




 He's married to the matriarch of the Kardashian family and is featured on their show quite frequently. 




 He looks like jack black 




 /r/eldertrees 














 While I'm not in the marijuana business I feel I can give you some insight on at least some of this.

How did you maintain a continuous stock that likely includes several strains? 

Marijuana is semi-perishable, meaning it's not like milk but it also can't just sit on a shelf for a year. You'll want to utilize a "just in time" inventory. Meaning you only order more when your stocks are dwindling. It makes absolutely no sense from a business standpoint to have surplus inventory, especially if it has a shelf life.

Did you couple your business with other accessories such as glass, grinders, tobacco, vapes, etc?

Most dispenseries carry at least a few essential smoking supplies and devices; grinders for sure, rolling papers, some cheaper glass pipes, etc. With the existence of online head shops it doesn't make too much sense to carry high end glass because if anyone comes in to look at it they're probably going to end up buying it online for a cheaper price.

How much competition did you initially experience?

so far no states are letting you just open a recreational dispensery willy-nilly like you can with a convenience store. Dispenseries require special licenses that are handed out sparingly, if you can get one then it's beneficial because it limits competition. Unless your pricing model is so fucked up that people are willing to go across town to the other dispensery then competition won't be an issue for several years.

Was the business failure rate in your area following legalization?

Recreational dispenseries have only existed for about a year in two states. That data doesn't exist yet. 




 This one is going over my head, can someone explain the reference  




 Well no it won't be because this happened in south africa and the boyfriend is declining to press charges 




 2/3 good enough for me 




 I know that this type of clothing is very location specific in terms of wearability. I'm going to school in the SoCal central coast area where everybody is hella laid back, but anyways as a super casual type thing what does mfa think of these? 

http://www.amazon.com/Baja-Joe-Premium-Hoodie-Medium/dp/B00O1722Y0/ref=sr_1_2?s=apparel ie=UTF8 qid=1423005824 sr=1-2 keywords=baja+hoodie 




 I feel that. As a born and bred Oregon fan that hails from the emerald valley itself, bandwagon fans are the worst. 









 I have a professional that wrote the syllabus into the text book so you have to buy it. 




 there's a weed geocache sub  









 So I smoked twice out of my new spoon pipe yesterday. The first time I took maybe four hits and there were times when I thought I felt something but I really didn't get noticeably high. The second time was a few hours later and I took maybe 5-6 good sized hits and again didn't get noticeably high. This was good shit too, I gave some to a homie earlier this week and he got absolutely ripped. Any ideas why I wasn't getting high? I didn't grind my weed this time, I just ripped up the nug and packed it. 









 Ayyyy Santa Barbara checking in, howdy neighbor. 




 I'm not sure what you know about making meth, but meth labs are notorious for exploding.... Not to mention the toxic fumes that are released during the process.  




 RemindMe! too! 2 days from now 




 iirc It's an indication of the environment they were grown in. I think I read somewhere that purple bud is grown in a cold air environment. 









 So awhile ago I moved to southern california for college and I live really close to the ocean. Ever since the Idea popped into my head a few months ago I've really wanted to use a gravity bong in the ocean. Are there any dangers I should know about? I'm worried about pollutants, parasites, and bacterial infections mostly. 









 I mean if you want a bitch car then sure, go for the miata. Theyre completely different animals at this point. It's like comparing apples to oranges. The miata isn't fast. It's lightweight and fun to flick around out on a twisty country road. The new Z's aren't like their predecessors from the 70s and 80s. They're not fun little lightweight cars. They're big and heavy and better suited for a drag strip or a full race track than an auto-X course. If you want a fun lightweight car that doesn't have the reputation of being a chick car (cough miata cough) then look into the Scion FRS/Subaru BRZ/Toyota GT-86 (they're the same car just rebadged for different markets). If you want a convertible that's lightweight and fun as hell then hunt down a Toyota MR-2 spyder or a honda S2000. But unless you're trying to be mistaken for a 16 year old 90210 princess I'd avoid the Miata. I'm not trying to say the miata is bad by any means, but there are other cars that are a hell of a lot more fun that won't havd people making fun of you. 




 It looks like broccoli lol but its actually just ditch weed. Offer him $10. Honestly tho it's going to be too much trouble to pick out all the stems and seeds and leaves. 




 I've been wanting to buy a rig but grass city and a couple of my local smoke shops don't have more than a couple complete concentrate rigs and they have various pieces of rigs. Where can I buy a full and complete ready to go rig for dabbing?  




 How old are you? When I started college this last fall I knew nobody and my two roommates were the RA and this straight edge kid. Finally after about a month and a half I nutted up and told one of my friendish acquaintances that I was looking. He hooked me up with an eighth and after I passed the love around a bit I met three dealers and a few connections. 









 Are hot girls a good reason 




 Is that sub ok to browse in a standard browser? 
























 Youre actually not allowed to have your phone out at all in a courtroom  









 There isn't always a buyer for every seller, it's why penny stocks are essentially useless, because you may not be able to liquidate them. If someone buys an obscene amount of BTC at once and never sells it then it will limit the supply and make it worth more. If people suddenly start dumping BTC then buyers will have the barter advantage and set a lower market price.  




 It's because it's not used as a currency. Most gold is used to create jewelry which is not normally reintroduced into the market, essentially removing it from the world supply. If people were regularly walking into stores using their jewelry to pay for things then you would see the value of gold begin to drop. 




 It's a joke that  guys with overly flashy vehicles are compensating for a small dick. 




 The supply of stocks in a company is fixed but the value fluctuates, the supply of gold is (theoretically) fixed but the value fluctuates. Think of it this way, (for the sake of simplicity were going to assume that people only sell 1 BTC at a time) you've got X number of people trying to buy BTC and Y number of people trying to sell BTC. As long as X=Y the value of BTC remains the same. If XY the value of BTC increases, if XY the value of BTC decreases. 




 The problem with almost all of those is that it's incredibly risky to keep any significant sum in Bitcoin for more than a couple days at a time. It doesn't matter if you're able to keep your assets unfrozen if you're potentially going to lose half of it overnight due to some dnm bullshit that's completely unforeseeable. 




 A 10 year old.... 




 You're glossing over the fact that we dropped leaflets in Hiroshima and Nagasaki beforehand telling the civilians that we were going to drop massive bombs on them and the Japanese told the civilians to stay because "it was just a scare tactic" 




 Tbh if you're from a country where you're gassing and starving your prisoners and you're given three hots and a cot by your enemy when you're captured you gain a little perspective. 




 Idk the Nazis did some pretty twisted human experimentation too. For example the twin experiments are pretty terrible. They would seperate a set of twins and keep them in separate cells, then they would inject them with various chemicals and inject dyes into their eyes just to see if they would react the same. They would also sewed together twins to try to turn them into conjoined twins... it was some human centipede type shit. They also used jews as lab rats for testing various desalination methods, experiment nerve and bone transplant surgeries, and to test new forms of medicine and first aid they would infect jews with various lethal diseases and then try different ways to cure them or they would inflict phosphorus burns on them so they could try to treat them.

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazi_human_experimentation 




 The same things happen to soldiers. It doesn't matter how much training you have, it can't turn you into a superhuman. There is no way to override the symptoms of an adrenaline dump of that magnitude without tons of real world exposure. To expect police officers, most of whom never draw their weapon in the field during their career, to be able to do something that most experienced soldiers can't even do is ridiculous.  




 It just means that they were using an outdated utility belt layout. Believe it or not, that is not an indicator of a setup. 




 I don't know much about schizophrenia but can't most schizophrenics lead relatively normal lives and get jobs as long as they take their meds? 




 Good man. 




 Idk it depends on where you live. If you're living anywhere in coastal SoCal or in any large city in the northeast then that salary is distinctly middle class/lower middle class with dependants. 




 One of my best friends in HS had that problem. His mom made literally the smallest possible amount to not qualify for SNAP with 2 kids and his life was pretty tough. Luckily his grandparents stepped in and decided to send them 200-300 a month, but his life was still pretty basic. 




 Does he have gov't health insurance/get his schizophrenia meds for free? If not then living on 800 a month and having to pay the copay on those drugs must be a bitch. Honestly I don't even know if that's possible where I live. My rent to share a room in a one bedroom apartment is $600, before utilities. 




 They should also file personal suits against the author and the accuser (if she can even be called that) for everything they can think of. Turn these people into examples. Aside from the damage this did to the fraternity and the brothers who were wrongly accused, this situation also undermines the credibility of real rape victims. This story is exactly the type of thing that perpetuates rape culture. 




 He's purposefully writing in an extreme to highlight the absurdity of some people's opinions. 




 Bullshi. The guy has won a very prestigious award and has a perfect GPA. My guess is that his ACT is perfect and his SAT is perfect  or near perfect. Him being black doesn't negate his accomplishments, and absolutely no amount of affirmative action influence is going to get you into every single Ivy school. If you can get into harvard or yale you can get into any school in the country, that's the truth. 




 Everyone should eventually have a LinkedIn. Best to start now so that you can begin gathering connections.  




 Snakes (and reptiles in general) do not bond to their owners.

Why is that? It seems like we can bond with most other species (with varying degrees of success, but still). What makes reptiles different? 




 No he ran for the same reason that teenagers have been running from police for decades. He didn't want his parents to find out. I highly doubt that a dialogue about corruption and injustice was running through his head. 




 Well we wouldn't want him donning a lab coat because it would hide his physique. We better get him a mesh tank top. 




 Polyurethane  




 btw you might want to look into an alternative type of condom as lamb skins do not block STDs. Lifestyles SKYNs are made of polyurethane. 




 /r/mdma seems to have it together. as does /r/nootropics 




 As the title says I was an unpaid employee at my high school's school store. Duties included cash handling, marketing, and sales. I'm only in college so my experience level is low so I want to add this to my profile but I don't know where.

edit: *unpaid - I've been travelling all day my brain is mush. 




 justin verlander 




 They need to have their lowest donation set at like $5 or $10. $22 is more than most like to donate to charities so they really set themselves up for failure. 




 Haha 




 They could always change the name but yeah it sucks for them. 




 The afghanistan war cost 4-6 trillion. That's .01% of the lowest estimated cost. It's a rounding error. 




 Lots of people observe and audit lecture classes. The value of a school like Stanford is in A) the diploma and B) the upper division courses which are not usually lectures. An intro class at Stanford is going to be similar to an intro class at ASU.  




 We're talking about family income though - the parents salaries combined. 125k is 62.5k + 62.5k, or two incredibly average salaries. Six figures is a lot for a single person in their 20s, or even two people in their 20s, but it's not a lot for a family. 




 How likely are they to fill up soon? I cant submit my application until I finish up this term in may because I'm short a few credits.  




 Weigh in course difficulty, extra curriculars, and standardized test scores is probably what I would do. 




 Are they more likely to match me with another sophomore? My biggest thing with the dorms is that my roommate this year is a nightmare so I'm not really feeling another double.  




 I'm an incoming second year from out of state and I don't know anybody. Not really trying to live in the dorms. Are there any apartments that do roommate matching? Also what area would be best to live in? I like being close to restaurants and things and I don't want to live in a social dead zone. 




 What's with all the that 70s show references lately? I've been seeing them everywhere. 




 I've gathered that he's an anime fan and engineering or geology student 




 Conferences, summits, that type of stuff.  




 Hydroponics grown in zero grav... then smoked in zero grav o.0 




 No its not. That's why they receive medals for going above and beyond the call of duty. They're not firefighters. It pains me to know that you are probably at or nearing voting age. 




 They're not all wise martial arts masters that take pleasure in teaching children life lessons? Because that is what I have been led to believe about elderly Asian people. 




 Didn't the navy or air force create TOR? How can somebody else be able to blacklist? 




 You guys are assholes with your voting 




 Adderall is a mixture of levoamphetamine and dextroamphetamine, meth is... methamphetamine. The difference between them is that methamphetamine binds to one more protein than l-amphetamine and d-amphetamine and that extra protein makes meth directly neurotoxic at any dose whereas adderall is not neurotoxic at approved clinical doses. 




 Yo get a nice dog that you can sleep with while your fam is gone. My lab is the only thing that got me through my depression. 




 By that scale UCSB girls still win lol. Yeah they party (maybe a bit too hard) but UCSB is an extremely good school. We're talking some 4.0 unweighted GPA, 2000+ SAT, 36% acceptance rate type shit. These girls aren't getting in on their looks alone. So, to recap, theyre hot af, smart af, and fun af.  




 Here's a video of [a party at UW](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceE2ETeqecc). The girls are cute. I'd say mostly solid 7s but not 8-11s lol. 

For comparison here's a video of [a party at UC Santa Barbara](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMPP-FrAx0k) [Hella NSFW]. UCSB is putting up hotter girls breh 




 My sense is that most people that are involved enough in the satanic church (or any religion) that they would do something like that don't own a business that is big enough to matter.  




 No, accreditation is just a baseline. Universities here in California usually audit classes at community colleges to determine if they should accept them. [Here's the course list for SBCC](https://bannerportal.sbcc.edu/pls/prod/pw_pub_sched.p_search) (#1 CC in the US) if you click the CRN # for a course it will tell you if it's transferable to a UC or CSU. Most aren't transferable to UC schools even if they transfer to a CSU. 




 Well that's true of really any CC. There are very few career fields nowadays where an associates will actually get you a job. Almost every entry level position with potential for lateral movement lists bachelor or higher as a req. 




 In state at a UC school is like 10k a year before other expenses. It ends up being around 30k with everything factored in. 




 "Aren't all that respected" lol they're absolutely useless for white collar jobs. No hiring manager is going to hire someone with a finance/accounting/cs/engineering/whatever degree from U of P when they've got kids coming out of schools like UCLA or NYU that are desperate for jobs. 




 I'm paying 32k in tuition  (before other expenses) to attend a UC school as an out of state student. My parents make 200k combined with one other kid in high school. I get no assistance. Even though my parents fot the bill for upper middle class, my tuition is a significant burden on them. The American higher education system is fucked up. The sticker price for my degree will be $200k. 




 But you can't look at college athletes as a whole because unless they're delusional, nobody is tossing their eggs in the pro sports bucket unless they're a starter on a top division 1 team. For most people that do college sports they're doing it because they love their sport and they'll probably get a scholarship. 




 Most sports programs, even successful div one football programs do not make the university any money. Most schools that aren't in the top 10-15 for football revenue are either losing money or bringing in less than 5m a year.

http://sports.usatoday.com/ncaa/finances 




 It's  ok op I 3 your posts 




 Jesus christ she was 27 in 1915. Imagine how amazing it would be to be born in a world where most people had never seen a car or a telephone or even a light bulb, and then die ib a world where self driving cars are being invented and people can access the internet from their cell phones. 




 Some of the people on here have some serious misconceptions about the south 




 So what's the best way to store my board in my checked bag so that the TSA and the baggage handlers don't fuck it up? Heading home for spring break later this week and would like to bring my board. 




 This season suuuuuuckeeeed  




 Bruh the 80s ended 25 years ago. Listen to the classics not a weird ass modern reincarnation of an 80s funk band. 




 I chose songs from auto tuned albums (although did you listen to Never Let Me Down?)but he has plenty of non auto tune as well. Ex: [The Joy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sI0KVUwgE_E), [Through the Wire](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrJK5owl8PU) (He recorded that with his mouth wired shut after a near fatal car accident), and [Gone](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc65hFCls8E) 




 Because he's innovative. He's a rapper but he makes so much more. I mean, take [Street Lights](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnTFdZSVyO4) for example. What is that? It's not rap, it's not rock, it's not pop, it doesn't really fit into any conventional genre. Same with [Lost in the World](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyQpQhrQ5Zs) (NSFW album cover), yeah it's got rap in it but it's not really a rap song. He's also the only artist that has been able to completely change their style for every album and still be successful. Listen to the polarity between [Never Let Me Down from The College Dropout](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgtZHXEmvFQ), [Welcome to Heartbreak from 808s and Heartbreak](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaSopljm410), [Stronger from Graduation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsO6ZnUZI0g), and [Send it Up from Yeezus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbLkHhxK-lk). He has an innate ability to successfully change his style and still make good music. When most artists try to change their style they royally fuck up and lose fans. 




 After "fighting" the munchies a few times I don't get them when I smoke, but whenever I eat after smoking it sort of resets everything and I get the munchies after I smoke. It's kinda weird. 




 That's  Dr thugmoney to you 




 Dude you're really young to be messing with this type of stuff. Hold off, enjoy childhood and young adulthood, and then start messing with things again when your brain has less developing to do.  




 Get a test kit from dance safe 




 Thanks. I'm just wrapping up my freshman year now, second half of the second semester at my school. I got B's and B+s last semester and it looks like I'll be getting a couple A's and a couple B's this semester. My fear is that I'm not sure I'm going to pass the math class I'm in and it's worth 5 credits. Am I basically fucked for getting into Kelley if I don't pass? I switched it to P/NP grading but I'm still not 100% sure I can pass. I'm taking 18 credits so I'm hoping that they'll take that into account while considering me. 




 Ayyyy thanks, yeah skateboards. So my cousin is 11 and I'd really like to avoid taking him to a smoke shop so is there another place you can recommend? Or is the smoke shop portion seperated from the skate shop? 




 I've been eyeing the finance mahor at Kelley as well as the economic consulting major. How difficult is it to gain admittance? I've also been looking at the investment banking workshop and seminar, how difficult are those to  get into? Thanks guys. 




 I've heard it can make it feel speedy. The main thing is that Wellbutrin lowers your seizure threshold as do amphetamines, so the combination can give you a seizure in medium to high doses of both. 




 Visiting my cousin pretty soon and I'm supposed to help him pick a longboard. Would rather keep it local than go to muirskate. 




 How does MDMA and Wellbutrin interact? I'm on Wellbutrin currently and I've been told to avoid MDMA because it will just feel speedy and I won't actually roll. 




 There are a few non-SSRIs anti-depressants that fuck with mdma too. Wellbutrin being a prime example. 




 When did we decide as a society that an adults life is more important than that of a child?

We didn't. But an innocent adult shouldn't have to die because a kid stole his parent's gun and decided to take it to the park. I agree that shooting a child should be the absolute last resort but you can't honestly blame a cop for doing it if the kid starts waving a gun in their direction. 




 if the genders in this case were swapped the sentence would have been the same or longer

Idk about that. Granted this is just for New Jersey but the longest sentence a male teacher has gotten in NJ history is 10 years, 7 for a female teacher.

http://gothamist.com/2013/04/29/male_teachers_get_longer_sentences.php

Also it couldn't have been longer because 15 years is the maximum sentence in a case like this. 




 For real. I've taken like 20mg at once and never experienced a lucid dream. 




 Yeah but Salvia is so.... salvia-ey..... 




 I hope the idiot that keeps slashing their budget gets fired  




 I don't even use DNMs and I've heard of evo haha 




 As long as we're speaking of modafinil, I noticed that modafinilcat was added to the reliable vendors list so I went and checked out /r/modafinilcat. For the most part everything seemed like it was on the up and up but I noticed a bit of astroturfing. Since their web design is kind of reminiscent of modup's I thought it seemed kinda fishy.

Specifically these posts (note the OP's post history):

http://www.reddit.com/r/ModafinilCat/comments/2zf682/modafinilcat_is_the_real_deal_18_days_from_order/

http://www.reddit.com/r/ModafinilCat/comments/2yt1zu/8_days_to_australia/

http://www.reddit.com/r/ModafinilCat/comments/2yp9l1/9_days_to_nyc/ 




 Haha you weren't kidding 




 The problem is that LE in the southern states has a history of sweeping this stuff under the rug. It is better for the FBI to just handle it than for the law enforcement in Mississippi to rule it a suicide and tamper with the evidence. 




 As of now, none. But if it wasn't suicide then he was hanged and when a black man is hanged in the south it is very reminiscent of a lynching 




 From the original wiki:

On October 28, 2009 President Obama signed the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act, attached to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, which expanded existing United States federal hate crime law to apply to crimes motivated by a victim's actual or perceived gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability, and dropped the prerequisite that the victim be engaging in a federally protected activity. 




 If he didn't commit suicide he was murdered. If it was in fact a murder, the method in combination with it taking place in Mississippi is very reminiscent of a lynching. Local law enforcement in southern states has a long history of ruling racially motivated killings as suicide. It's just better for the FBI to make the determination of whether this is a suicide because they're not likely to sweep a lynching under the rug. 




 That act removed the prerequisite that the victim had to be engaging in a federally protected activity at the time of their death for the feds to get involved. 




 And that is precisely why the FBI is handling this investigation  




 Casinos don't really dispense this type of justice nowadays. He'd just be blackballed if he was caught card counting. 




 what's the grounds for federal jurisdiction of any kind?

[The civil rights act of 1964](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hate_crime_laws_in_the_United_States)

Although state laws vary, current statutes permit federal prosecution of hate crimes committed on the basis of a person's protected characteristics of **race**, religion, ethnicity, nationality, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, and disability.

Considering the geographic location of Mississipi and its history of racism if this isn't a suicide then it's a hate crime. Local law enforcement agencies in southern states do not have a good reputation when it comes to investigating and prosecuting hate crimes so it's best that the FBI handles the entirety of the case.

 




 No they shouldn't. This is perfectly legal. The civil rights act of 1964 gave the FBI authority to investigate any racially motivated crime against anyone attempting to perform one of six federally protected activities. A 2009 amendment signed into law by Obama removed the prerequisite that the victim had to be engaging in a federally protected activity for the FBI to get involved. Considering the culture of a place like Mississippi it is better for the FBI to be on scene from the get go before evidence is tampered with. 




 What'd your doctor prescribe it for? 




 I'm assuming this is not legally possible but it'd be amazing if you could test modafinil samples from various vendors  




 What's the song playing in the background when frank and dee walk into the apartment in the beginning? 




 The problem with that is that there's no way to reliably account for something like that. You can say X% of companies go under due to fraud or other out of market forces but there's no way to say which companies will do that. From an investing standpoint the chances that you'll pick a fraudulent blue chip company are too low to justify the lowered rates of ROI from diversifying beyond 25-30 stocks. It's not possible to invest with meaningful returns without risk. obviously there's no reason to start spending significant amounts of money buying up penny stocks, but within reason higher risk=higher potential returns. 




 but there comes a point when adding more stocks to your portfolio ceases to make a difference. There is a debate over how many stocks are needed to reduce risk while maintaining a high return. The most conventional view argues that an investor can achieve optimal diversification with only 15 to 20 stocks spread across various industries.

http://www.investopedia.com/articles/02/111502.asp 




 August Busch the 4th. He was handed the CEO-ship of Anheuser-Busch and arguably ran the company into the ground.

He wasnt just "handed" the company. He had worked in various positions for nearly 20 years (1989-2006) before he was selected by the then president (who was not a member of the busch family) to be his successor. Your idea that he ran the business into the ground is a bit odd. Yes, he was unable to hold onto the business but he sold it for $20/share above wjat the record highest share value of the company was, so it's not like he lost his family or shareholders any money. If anything they turned a significant profit.

Ivy level education: 

Cheating is prevalent at any university, whether it's through the use of amphetamines or through collaboration on take home exams. Grade inflation is an interesting topic when you're talking anout Ivy schools and it certainly needs to be addressed, but the fact remains that even getting into an Ivy school is a feat of it's own. Nobody going to harvard can be called lazy or stupid. 

MBA programs: 

If you're not attending a top 15 MBA program then you shouldnt be paying for an MBA program. Every top ranked MBA program (with the exception of harvard iirc) requires that you have at least 4 years of experience prior to enrollment. Eneolling in any old MBA program because  "that's just what you do" isnt going to help you. The type of people that can get into a good MBA program are destined to be execs of large companies, so attending a program like that essentially gives them 5-10 years of experience worth of management knowledge in 3-4 years. It also lets you network with other future execs. Any old MBA program won't do that for you.

 Holding individual stocks is more akin to gambling than investing

Not really. If you have 16 blue chip stocks in various unrelated industries then safety wise your portfolio is as diverse as one that has 50 stocks. 




 Mdma is a weird drug. It's not a stimulant in the same sense that coke and other amphetamines are stimulants. If you're taking real MDMA and you're not taking anything that'll interact with it then it shouldn't feel speedy or edgy or anything like that. You start out feeling a rush but then that sort of goes away and you start "peaking" which makes you feel euphoric and happy. The come down can be kind of rough but that can be mitigated with various vitamins and supplement. A lot of people get an "after glow" ranging from a few days to a few weeks that can make you feel happier and more empathetic. 




 The problem with a test kit is that it's not a mass spec. It just tells you what the majority chemical in the substance is so it could've been 50%mdma 25%mda 25%meth. Along the same lines, the most dangerous adulterant in mdma is PMA which has no reaction so you could've taken MDA MDMA OR MDE and PMA. 




 He'll always be the weird yin yang guy from psych to me 




 I feel like a lot of people that make comments like the on you're replying to are forgetting that police officers have unions. That alone makes it an astronomical task to fire a bad officer without incredibly solid evidence. 




 It's weird because he's good enough on modern family that even though I watch both shows pretty regularly I can never picture him playing the other role until I switch over and I'm like ohhhh right 




 At that level nothing is just handed to you. Yes, some of them may have inherited the job but they still needed to complete an Ivy level education and most likely make it through a decent MBA program. Their dad wouldn't have given them the position if they were a failure. If you're unaware of what exactly a fortune 500 company is, it's a top 500 performing *public or closely held corporation*. No stock broker worth their salt is going to keep their clients money in the stock of a company that just made a coked out retard the CEO. And nobody with stock in a closely held corporation is going to let a coked out retard become the CEO. Blaming nepotism or cronyism for your own professional inadequacies is a cop out. Nobody is going to hire you for being average. If you want to work in the world of high level corporate america then you can't just sit on your ass through college, you need to get a kick ass GPA so you look good to recruiters, and you need to befriend as many people as possible because when you're talking about positions that can make or break a company people hire people that they know and can trust, not just people that look good on paper.

Edit: Yes, down vote me because  I'm not going to pat you on the back and say the only reason they're ahead of you in life is because they cheated. 




 Do you care if they look bunched around the waist area? If not then get whatever you think will fit your legs and tighten the shit out of the draw string 




 And all women are cheating backstabbers? 




 It's called networking. Joining a frat is a great way to get a nice network with minimum effort. Do you think the 15% of fortune 500 execs that aren't greek just sat around and played video games with some burnouts in college or do you think they went out most weekends and befriended a large group of people? 




 Maybe they'd all be snipped before heading up there. 




 So what you're saying is that there have only been two accidents since 1990 and none since 2003? 




 Nah I got the SC because my friend offered me a pretty good price for the LY and I needed something smaller, not because I just wanted something different. I'll be taking the tugboat off my flair as soon as his paycheck comes in  




 bearings swapped out?

Yep haha I'm coming off of 8 hours of studying for finals so I'm a bit fried. Yeah it might be because the only board I've ever ridden is the tugboat that I think the sc is super carvy 




 It's the whole set up. Bullet B137 trucks, road rider 68mm 78a wheels, and I want to say a 1/4" riser pad. I definitely prefer the santa cruz. It's way more carvey. My biggest quam with the tugboat is that the kicktail takes up like a quarter of board so if you want to shift your weight during a long ride you need to be sure your foot isn't behind the rear truck. I will say that the trucks that came with the SC weren't that great and I switched them out for some reds. 




 How do you guys feel about Santa Cruz boards? I got a land shark about a week ago and I love it. Kind of curious why I never see it recommended (as opposed to the Dinghy which seems to be the go to) here when people are asking for a small commuter board? 




 She's a cheap knockoff of nicki minaj 




 Chronysim are a huge part of life. Lose that lottery and you're screwed.

*Cronyism isn't part of some lottery. Networking is just as important as school itself. If you're running some fortune 500 company are you going to hire the guy that looks slightly better on paper or are you going to hire the guy that looks good on paper AND that you know personally and can trust? People like you are part of the problem in this country. You didn't get ahead because you didn't play the game and now you're complaining that life is unfair because you weren't automatically rewarded for being average. 




 There are also plans to reopen the desalination plant in Santa Barbara County. 




 I've been to Hawaii a few times. You can get around the perimeter of the islands via bus usually but if you want to go anywhere specific you'll need a car. A good deal of Hawaii is still jungle so they don't really need to send buses everywhere. That said, I don't believe that there's any island-island public transpo so save some cash for a ferry if you think you'll want to go to other islands. 




 I didn't know that was saul until you just said it was saul. Guess I wasn't paying attention. 




 Nooooo 




 I recently got a Santa Cruz land shark and I reaaaallyyyy like it. They're 120 off of tactic. Super carvy and super smooth. Not much of a kicktail though. I want to say that they're 278.7 and they weigh in around 6.5lbs.  




 It's funny just let it be you douche 




 That's because people who say shit like /r/hailcorporate or /r/thathappened are annoying as fuck.  




 24 bruh. he hadn't had food for 24 hours. 




 The finale could end with walt and jesse showing up for the first time I guess, but that's the only thing I can think of. 




 Eh it's not even worth it. You need a LOT of this stuff to make even one shot of vodka. Like each packet is equivalent to a single shot. 




 God I hope she doesn't win though. Like real talk, if the US feels that it needs a woman president so bad that it won't take anyone else can we at least get someone besides her to do it?  




 Now you need to decide if you're going to leverage this information 




 I think it does work like that in Russia, not quite sure though, but in the US iirc the president, vice president, and base commander all have to input their launch keys simultaneously. 




 Because in sports betting you don't bet on the team just winning, you bet on the spread. So if the odds are 3:1 or whatever that the team will either lose or win with a 7 point spread then it would benefit him more to keep his team from winning by more than 7 points than actually just winning all out.  




 In a group yes, in singularity, much less so. People like Putin and Obama get to their positions because they are smart. No matter how corrupt they get, and how many terrible decisions they make, they are smart enough to know not to push the big red button. 




 No you can tell because the cop is dressed like a school crossing guard 




 Well the jacket ways "policia" so this was probably in central/south America, so A) I doubt there are many meth labs around to bust, and B) If it is a commercial grow op then it's probably tied to a cartel. 




 I don't think a lot of people living in LA actually realize they're living in a desert. 









 Ninkasi or die 




 Yeah here they just require that you have an offsite advisor  that's an alumni of the organization. Usually it's just a random brother that's sticking around for a year after graduation. 




 Every sorority does, that's for sure. But none of the frats my friends are in have one. (Alpha Tau, Beta theta, Sigma nu) 




 It depends. Only one of the frats on my campus has any sort of help. The rest of them allocate cooking and cleaning among the brothers. 




 What kind of frat has a house mother? No wonder these guys are assholes. They were probably babied their whole life. 




 I think what's suspicious for a lot of people is that two different SAE chapters that are a decent distance apart have been reported using the same chant. If it was two racist chapters using separate chants it wouldn't be as big a deal, but somebody from SAE nationals is teaching them this chant. 




 And sprite refers to sipping on that lean 




 He's not talking about mixing it with booze haha 




 Nobody I just couldn't think of another way to phonetically differentiate 




 So a chemist would pronounce it as un-ion-ized. Because in that context they're talking about ions. A plumber would pronounced it as you-neon-ized because they'd  be talking about a workers union. 




 Thank you! 




 I'm trying to figure out if I can cut it in half. Drugs.com says that it's 10mg of amphetamine/dextroamphetamine manufactured by aurolife pharma 




 What I want to know is how they find stuff like this? I mean you'd think someone wouldve thrown it away before an investigator came across it and decided it was worth looking into 




 ;) 




 So over the course of my first year of college I've lost about 50 pounds which is amazing! What's even better is that the cute girls have started talking to me! However, while I've downsized my entire wardrobe I haven't bought new boxers because a lot of them still fit due to the elastic waistband. Well last thursday I was in a rush to get to class so I grabbed a random pair of boxers and threw on a pair of shorts and ran out the door. Now, this is key, my dorm is far enough from the main campus that people either ride bikes or take the bus to class. I decided to take the bus on this particular day. I take my seat and at the next stop a 10/10 sorority girl (Alpha Phi, yeah, this is serious business) sits down next to me. I mustered up some courage and decided to start talking to her. Surprisingly enough we hit it off and by the time we get to campus I'm making her laugh. Now this is wear the fuck up happens. When I sat down on the bus my boxers must have slid below my belt because the moment I step off the bus I feel them start slipping. What's even worse is that it turns out this girl is in the lecture I'm going to and we've still got a half a mile to walk. We walk a bit further and these things are going. I'm doing my best to hold on to them through my pocket without looking awkward as hell but it's not going well. We walk a bit further and that's when it happens, I lose control and now my boxers are just resting on the crotch of my shorts. I look down and you can see them hanging through the leg holes of my shorts. I look like some retarded gangster that's doing a reverse sag look. At this point I'm just praying this girl doesn't look down. 

This is when I luck out, I see a couple of my friends a ways away and I text both of them "911 need wingman asap." Now these guys are pros, they start walking over without hesitation, and when they get close enought see her aphi shirt they know that this isn't some joke. I gestured at my shorts and they leapt into action. They say what's up to me and introduce themselves to her and then distract her for just long enough for me to step behind her and reach into my pants and pull my boxers up. Now, to anyone else in the area this probably looked weird as fuck, but again this girl IS A MOTHER FUCKING ALPHA PHI, and desperation measures needed to be taken. I mean you show me a campus where aphis aren't the hottest girls. The wingman intervention was a successful and I sat next to her all through the lecture and I've got plans to hang out with her and some of her sisters this weekend. 

**TL;DR** boxers fell down so far they were visibly below my shorts while I was talking to a hot as fuck girl, friends intervened with a distraction, and I successfully fixed boxers and got girls number. 




 I'm partial to the bobby vena remix but to each their own 




 C'mon dude... I know that we're very liberal about drug use on /r/drugs (go figure,right?) but don't say it's no big deal when you're talking about heroin. Heroin is a very big deal and you need to be very sure about your self control to even consider trying it. 




 Due to the location of my university I'm friends with a lot of kids from rich areas of Los Angeles. I know for a fact that most of them get their coke and molly in person from dealers. The difference between their dealers and dealers in the poorer neighborhoods is that their dealer is only once or twice removed from the trafficker. Whereas in the poorer neighborhoods the coke may have gone through 10 different dealers before it reaches the street level dealer. 




 snoo is my guess 




 I feel you but at the same time there is a line. Take my roommate for example. He's on his PC from the moment he wakes up to the moment he goes to bed with a small break for school. He neglects taking care of himself, he showers maybe once every week or two, and he hasn't socialized with anyone irl besides me and the friends I bring home since the beginning of the school year. His only form of social interaction is when he's playing steam with his friends from high school. In some ways he's worse than a functional alcoholic. His mouse broke about a month ago and he literally went through withdrawals while he was waiting for a new one. And yet in his twisted little mind he thinks that what he's doing is morally superior and healthier than me going out and getting fucked up with my friends every weekend.

Yes you should respect other people's lifestyles, but at the same time denying that there's such a thing as too much computer time is wrong too.  




 Is that legal? Doesn't Oklahoma have any laws regarding eviction notice periods? 




 Well no but they try to rush an amount that wouldn't lead to competition to live in the house. So enough that youve got a sizeable pledge class, but not so many that even if 20% of each class decides to live out you have to raffle out rooms. If you're rushing 20 pledges twice a year and you've only got 25 bedrooms you're going to have issues, even if you have a senior house.  




 SAE has the most actives. Among other frats they're generally considered a joke because they rush way too many people to live in the house so their sense of brotherhood is diminished. 




 I'm not sure I believe you.... when a frat loses their chapter they're allowed to stay in the house through the end of the school year. Unless when you say moving their stuff out you mean removing the letters from the house. 




 I've got a skatetool but I somehow lost the screwdriver that came with it :/ 




 I don't have a screw driver with me in my dorm 




 Does anyone know if boards from Tactics come assembled? 
























 ** 6 people. There was the first person who is unrelated to the whole DEA kerfuffle. Then there were the two people you're talking about. The second one was living with three other SR dealers and DPR OK'd a hit on them because it made it easier to get the one guy. 




 They weren't dropped. There's a pending trial in maryland regarding the murder charges. The sentencing does have something to do with that as the attempted murder charges are what the law likes to call sentencing aggravators. 




 not instant 




 . 




 Damn you're really desperate to believe that this guy is innocent. Nobody persuaded DPR to use a hitman. Nobody even suggested it or alluded to it until he did, ergo nobody entrapped him into committing conspiracy to commit attempted murder in the first-degree. Furthermore, they were blackmailing him by threatening to reveal the identities of SR users which is not illegal, especially because SR at its core is an illegal operation. None of the circumstances would be considered an attempt at entrapment. On top of that none of these guys have been confirmed to be DEA agents, the whole theory that they are DEA agents was created by DPR's supporters. From a legal standpoint if the people he attempted to hit are in fact DEA agents it still wouldn't be considered entrapment because having them murdered was his idea and his idea only. At one point the person he was talking to in that chat log asked if there's another way to resolve the problem because murder draws too much attention and DPR maintained that murder was the only solution. 




 Uh huh? Here's the conclusion of that hit. He's asking for pictures at the end. Still sound like role playing?

**Dread Pirate Roberts 3/31/2013 17:00:** Thank you R W. Ive only ever commissioned the one other hit, so Im still learning this market. I have no problem putting my faith in you and I am sure you will do a good job. The exchange rate is above 90 right now, so at $90/btc, $150k is about 1670 btc. If the market tanks in the next few days, I will send more. Here are some random numbers for a picture: 83746102
Here is the transaction # for 1670 btc to 1MwvS1idEevZ5gd428TjL3hB2kHaBH9WTL4a0a5b6036c0da84c3eb9c2a884b6ad72416d1758470e19fb1d2fa2a145b5601
Good luck and be safe,
DPR

**Redandwhite 3/31/2013 23:02:** I received the payment. I appreciate the offer if bitcoins lower in value. We know where he is. Hell be grabbed tonight. Ill update you.

**Redandwhite 4/1/2013 22:06:** Your problem has been taken care of. They seized a bunch of stuff he had with him at the time as well. They said he had a couple laptops and a bunch of usb sticks. Is there anything of that, that belongs to you? They questioned him and he spilled everything he knew. He said that he and Xin were actually working together on this scheme to blackmail you and that they were brought in by a 3rd guy who has been selling on here for a couple years who is a scam artist. Apparently he makes selling accounts, sells for a while and then pulls a big scam and he just keeps creating new accounts after he does his scams. They got that guys name also , I will give that to you free of charge when I meet them to get the picture and computer hardware they got. Rest easy though, because he wont be blackmailing anyone again. Ever.

**Dread Pirate Roberts 4/2/2013 00:55:** Excellent work. Please send any info you can get on this third party along with the picture. The picture can be uploaded here: ------I've removed the link for the sake of the reddit post but it's still in the transcript------
I have no need for any of his possessions, so you can do what you want with that stuff.
Thank you again for your assistance,
DPR
 




 He was talking about using a hitman before anyone was threatening his safety. Have you read the [transcripts](http://www.wired.com/2015/02/read-transcript-silk-roads-boss-ordering-5-assassinations/)? He doesn't come across as someone that's being coerced, in fact he was the one that suggested using a hitman.

**Dread Pirate Roberts 3/27/2013 23:38:** In my eyes, FriendlyChemist is a liability and I wouldnt mind if he was executed, but then youd be out your $700k. I dont think he is going to come up with the money because he seems very desperate.

Then later when they're negotiating the price he mentions that he has already used a hitman before

**Dread Pirate Roberts 3/31/2013 8:59 :** Dont want to be a pain here, but the price seems high. Not long ago, I had a clean hit done for $80k. Are the prices you quoted the best you can do?

He's not someone that I feel particularly sorry for. 




 First degree murder carries a minimum of life in prison under federal jurisdiction. The people that are serving X years to life with the possibility of parole were convicted of second degree murder which is murder without premeditation. Six counts of attempted first degree murder is definitely enough to warrant life in prison. 




 Legally it should have bearing on his sentencing. It's called extenuating circumstances or aggravating factors depending on the jurisdiction. 




 Entrapment is different than what you appear to believe it to be. Entrapment requires the officer to persuade the suspect into doing something that they otherwise wouldn't do, IE if an undercover cop came up to you and asked you to sell them drugs and you said yes that's not entrapment, but if the continued pressing until you eventually agree then that is entrapment. Creating a problem and then stepping in when he decides that he needs a very violent solution is not entrapment. 




 I think it's the murder/attepmpted murder that really did him in but ok 




 I mean he went to CSU Northridge so it's sort of a moot point. There are two world class universities in his city and a whole bunch of slightly above average schools. Dude has a ton of competition that's probably more qualified. 




 Who is she? 




 It can burn some good spots if the police/anti longboard dbag/whatever in your area learns of them 




 You're supposed to do it with your wallet anyways because regularly sitting on it is bad for your spine. 




 . 




 It comes with 10" reverse kingpin 50 degree caliber 50s. how do those compare do you think? 




 Thoughts on the arbor mindstate? I've already got a shirt little commuter board so I really want something longer that's good for flat/small hill carving. Maybe eventually learning to carve. 




 https://mobile.twitter.com/JenSelter/status/568546878062768128/photo/1 




 Brah

https://mobile.twitter.com/JenSelter/status/568546878062768128/photo/1 




 According to urban dictionary it's an 18" long joint made with 12 rolling papers 




 That particular booty belongs to an instagram fitness model named Jen Selter who's basically squatting 24/7 




 That's not what's happening here. She didn't consent to the circumcision per say, the contract was a custody agreement with a stipulation that effectively gave the ex-husband sole guardianship when making this decision. She's not backing out of a circumcision contract, she's reneging on her custody agreement. 




 That's not what's happening here though. The contract didn't say "my son will undergo circumcision," the contract was a custody agreement with a stipulation that gave her ex-husband the power to decide whether or not to get the son circumcised. 




 She didn't sign a contract that forced the son to undergo circumcision, she signed a custody contract that gave her husband authority to decide whether or not to go through with circumcision.  




 In-n-out is great and 5 guys is good in a greasy kinda way. Burgerville is just... eh...  




 JP Morgan is admitting civil wrongdoing in the letter that OP linked. None of those acts are criminal.  




 good luck bro 




 Eh anyone that's ever watched baseball knows the risk of going to a game. Foul balls fly into the stands all the time. My guess is that a disclaimer is printed on the ticket. 




 The overwhelming odds were that they would get a nice pay check and go home with a cool story about being on TV. I doubt they had even really considered the possibility of actually being brothers. 




 I wish my roommate was as reasonable as you. His dota addiction had him going until 4 or 5 because he just gave up on school. He decided he needed a mechanical keyboard and he refused to leave the room when I was trying to sleep. Managed to get through the year without punching the shit out of him and now I never have to see his sorry ass again. 




 Luckily no marine mammals have been found to be oiled yet, and most of the oil did not make it into the ocean, but if anyone knows of a good charity that helps with oil spills to donate to let me know. 




 The kind of people that are executives of fortune 500 companies have an ungodly work ethic, are near geniuses, and can somehow work 15-20 hours a day 7 days a week without going insane or burning out. You can replace a cashier, a customer service rep, a salesman in an instant, you can replace an IT guy in a day, a middle manager in a week, a wall st broker in two weeks, but finding someone that has the education, intelligence, work ethic, experience, and mental fortitude that it takes to run a fortune 500 company is damn near impossible. It's easy to find someone with one of those traits, but probably one in a million people have all of them. The job market is all about supply and demand. The supply of unskilled laborers far outweighs the demand, the supply of college educated laborers slightly outweighs the demand. The demand for someone qualified to run a fortune 500 company far far far outweighs the supply so they are very expensive. 




 A lot of the CEOs that run fortune 500 companies didn't start the company so that's a bit of an odd way to look at it. 









 live with friends not randos and you'll be fine.  




 Stepping on someone's hand isn't assault.... Assault requires intent to commit battery, she did not commit assault, he did. 




 Yeah just the deck. The complete was 100 something  




 Have any of you heard of "ztuntz" skateboards? Apparently they make officially licensed uni skateboards and when I was in the bookstore today I saw one of their pintails and it has a pretty fire graphic. $62 for the deck - 44" 7 ply not sure what the wood was. I kinda want to get it and toss some carving trucks on but I dont want to spend that kind of money on a crap deck.  




 I mean Garoppolo is obviously no Brady but I don't think not having Brady will be absolutely devestating to their ability to effectively move the ball. 




 I don't remember that. Did it make the news or was it kept on the DL? 




 It is and there's like only one dude that posts there and mods it but he posts updates like it has a large subscription base 




 The audiophile did a blind test survey with multiple songs. Each song was divided into quarters, one playing lossless, one playing 192kbs,  one playing 320kbs, and the final quarter playing another quality. Iirc the results were pretty random and most of them couldn't discern the difference between 192, lossless, and 320 




 Sauce? 









 The dna mom wanted child support from the other lesbian after they split up but kansas is backwards and refuses to acknowledge homosexuality so the state is going after the father for child support  




 The average cost of raising a child from birth to 18 is $245k BEFORE college is factored in. Infants can easily cost $50 a week for diapers and formula alone. It's not that only the rich should procreate, but you should make sure you're financially secure before having a kid. Especially if it's through a method as calculated as artificial insemination. 




 He says to the 19 year old 




 Is there such thing as a "longboarders knee?" I've been experiencing a soreness on the inside of my knee on my pumping leg. I haven't taken a spill or anything but there's a visible bruise on the knee. 




 Everyone dreams you just don't remember them 




 That assumes that the city owns the signs 









 Sector 9 chamber or fractal, maestro mini, landyachtz 35 battle axe, arbor genesis 38? 




 5'9 and my pants length is usually 30 




 Hey what's a good carvy drop thru cruiser setup? I was originally thinking of getting a board from sector 9's sidewinder series but now I'm not so sure because I've heard the twin pins make them ride kind of high and I'd like a low board this time. Definitely want something shorter than 38" because I need to commute with it on campus. How's the Arbor Mindset? Bustin surf cruiser 36?  




 Shoulda bashed his nuts more  




 Unless you have a grade A Mike Tyson level knockout punch boxing has a lot more to do with strategy than brute force. It's all about landing jabs and getting points. 




 Jesus you weren't kidding that was brutal. The moment they had access to the back of their opponent's head they just started wailing on them. 




 Not really best of worthy 




 So I mentioned to my dad that I'm planning on selling my single speed road bike before I come home from college and he asked me not to because he wants to start cycling casually to go to work and get in better shape. The problem is the guy is getting up there and I think the geometry of my bike might be a bit too aggressive for his back. I was thinking I should get him a comfort style bike and I was originally looking at the Giant Cypress but it's just a bit too far out of my price range. If I need to I'll shell out the extra $50 but if there's anything I can get in the sub three hundred price range that's better I'd like to know. 

Are any of these good?

http://www.bikesdirect.com/products/comfort_bikes.htm 




 Yeah but he's a fucking retard and a half...... 




 COPY CAT! GUYS I FOUND A COPY CAT!  




 no they're not in the same situation. She's effectively OPs landlord and as OP stated, the rent he paid is reasonable for the area. It's capitalistic, not immoral.  




 The lawyer would destroy them and get the kid an obscene amount of settlement money 




 It is hilarious! 




 I could see that. You can do the most sadistic twisted shit to someone but as long as they come through it alive you're not going on death row. Level IV is probably where all the rapists and gangsters are. 




 did she teleport back to the 70s? 




 Bro anything can work to lose weight as long as you cut calories. I've lost 50lbs from a diet consisting mostly of burritos burgers and sandwiches. The key is to find the best way to spread the calories out over the course of the day that won't leave you snacking. For me I can't do the whole three 500 calorie meals thing because it leaves me feeling hungry when I try to sleep, so what I do is have maybe a snack around lunch and then I eat a 1000-1300 calorie dinner. 




 but is she hot op 




 When your back is against the wall you don't need a criminal lawyer, you need a *criminal* lawyer. 




 That is patently false. Attorney-client privilege does not protect prior knowledge of a crime and it certainly does not allow the attorney to assist their client by preparing an alibi 









 What footstops are you guys using? I find that my foot slowly slides forward when I transition from foot forward while pumping to foot sideways while riding. 




 I don't think that's how it works 




 I believe so 




 Why two BAs? 




 Open top vehicle, lax secret service security at the time, etc etc etc. There's nothing "ridiculous" about it. Anyone can fire three shots at a slow moving vehicle. It doesn't require special training. 




 I mean there have been 6 line of duty deaths caused by gunfire so far this year and 259 since 2010 so it does happen...

https://www.odmp.org/search?name= agency= state= from=2010 to=2015 cause=Gunfire filter=nok9

https://www.odmp.org/search?cause=Gunfire from=2015 to=2015 




 Eh dongs seem to be the one part of the human body that's not consistent. I've seen some pretty startling dongs in locker rooms. plus when people fart you might see a bit of cheek flappage and that's never good. 




 Yeah the whole stadium state championship thing makes more sense in the south.  




 Why does the FB team wholly own Autzen but the baseball team is sharing PK park with the ems? 




 I think the 2014 hs championship was held there 




 You ever been to Venice, CA? Culture won't be a problem. 




 It's not an NFL franchise. It's a new league. Basically minor league football. 









 You're making 3000 below federal minimum wage for a full time worker so you should take that up with your boss, but cost of living increases as wage increases because people that make more money tend to begin buying higher end foods, renting better apartments, getting better phone and internet plans etc. Even with all that it doesnt mean it's enough to never feel unhappy or inadequate again. 




 Money, battery life, data storage. Gopros are good at a lot of things but being an all day police body cam is not one of them. 




 How well does the silent alarm work for you? 




 I was going to get the fitbit flex but the jawbone up2 cane out the other day so now I'm trying ti decide between tge two. What do you guys have? How are you liking them? 




 How well does the silent alarm work? 




 The HR monitor on the UP3 lets it do more in depth sleep tracking. 




 Ah Vince; have you met my favorite realtors Vic Vinegar and Hugh Honey? 




 Are we soing D D references? Never played it. 




 JERKY!!! I know it has an obscene amount of sodium but a whole bag of jack links is like 180-210 calories depending on the flavor and it's super filling so that's my go to late night snack. 




 Eh I wouldn't call it lawful as they occasionally break their own laws. I'd say chaotic evil v predictable evil 




 I thought it was already supposed to do that 









 Cycling addy, ritalin, and modafinil may prevent the tolerance build up. 




 I don't think so. The three strike law is for habitual offenders so I'm pretty sure the felonies can't be from the same incident. 




 Can't even imagine how fucked up her and her brother's kids are.  




 Not rich people, obscenely rich people that wield more economic and trade power than many countries. 




 Eh I would start with cycling or distance walking. Running at your weight is going to give you some gnarly shin splints at the very least and that will only serve to give you an excuse to take 2 week breaks so they can recover. If you have a bike then just map out a path for you to take that has more uphill than downhil. Even cycling on a 1% incline is going to burn some calories. If you don't have a bike then just start walking, then speed walking, and eventually jogging. 




 four weeks? The app I downloaded is 8 or 9 weeks 




 But then it would just be a regular ninkasi brew 









 sweet thanks 




 How? 




 Same thing happened to me. Not liking lollipop at all.... Wish I could go back somehow. 




 I'm working a new fitness regimen that involves C25k. It's essentially just C25k with lifting on the rest days. With C25k did it ever feel like it was moving too fast for you? I've never been a very fast runner and I've never been good with distance running either, even when I was a kid, so I'm kinda wondering if I should improve my running a bit on my own before I attempt it because I don't want to get discouraged and give up. 




 Have you ever slept through it? 




 The silent alarm is one of the most appealing things about the fitbit for me. I always wake up feeling groggy if I'm using an alarm and I usually have to have 4 alarms at 15 minute intervals to actually wake me up. If this will actually wake me up feeling more refreshed then I'm buying one right now. 




 Graduated last year, can say with certainty that people don't go up there to make out, or atleast that it's not a "designated make out spot." They do go up there for instagram and prom pics though. 




 What really got me is that the orb things look really far away but there's no change in their appearance at all when they dip behind a cloud. Not even a little bit of light filtering. 




 Key word there is trade. It's probably not illegal to possess as long as there is no intent to sell. 




 Yall are some stingy motherfuckers  




 Who here has tried out the new fitness bands that jawbone released the other day? I've been eyeing the UP2 but there aren't enough reviews yet for me to decide  




 Nah there's a lot of new age "science" (same stuff that gave us gluten free people and antivaxxers) that says formula is better for the kid. 




 football is dank though 




 Maybe idk for sure though. If that's the case then you guys are getting shafted by your lawyers which really sucks because they're supposed to help you. 




 That's not how it works. The gross settlement was 3mil but the net settlement (settlement after expert witness fees, copy costs, other expenses) was probably closer to 1.5mil, maybe less. The lawyer fees are then 30-50% of the net settlement. The majority of the money goes to pay for the testimonies, private investigative work, and paperwork that actually won you the case. The lawyers are really taking no more than ~25% of the gross settlement. 




 It is not a doctorate in any sense of the word. It is not considered a doctorate by any governing body of academia. That is why it is called a Doctor of PT degree and not a **doctorate** of physical therapy.  




 They do but they recently raised the tax rate on dividends and short term capital gains from 15% to 20% so he's not actually saving himself that much, certainly not 930k in savings. 




 I mean maybe but you can't actually get capital gains until you sell an asset. Their wiki says that the company is wholly owned by the CEO and his brother so I doubt he'll be selling his share soon. 




 It's not a real doctorate. The "doctor of physical therapy" degree isn't an actual PhD or MD program. It's a 3-4 yr professional degree that requires no residency to complete. Here's the USC curriculum for DPT, as you can see it's honestly not that rigorous of a curriculum, just time consuming:

http://pt.usc.edu/Education/Programs/PhysicalTherapy/DPT/Curriculum/ 




 Bro PT degrees are the quintessential former athlete degree. I've got tons of buddies that are or were doing PT. You can get by doing some fairly easy classes. Depending on the school the math requirement is almost nonexistent and you just need to reach 200 level biology courses. It's the anatomy classes that get you, but even then it's not too hard. Most schools don't have cadaver labs.... 




 As far as I can tell this is a private company so he has no shareholders to impress. Cutting your salary by 930k, from 7 figures to 5 figures, so that you can pay your employees more is absolutely not capitalistic. If it's a publicity stint it's way overkill. There's no way this will lead to enough new customers that he can make up the 970k a year. 




 I mean that's solid advice but if this guy might not pull 30k with his major and he doesn't care about the subject then he should change it. If he loves the subject them good for him. I'm lucky because I'm interested in finance and macroeconomics and luckily both econ and finance tend to pay pretty well. 




 It's an interesting move for sure.... and it defies basically every concept of  capitalism. I'll be watching this one to see how it plays out. 




 Daaaaaamn op you rich  




 change majors homie. Even if you're not super smart, physical therapy/exercise physiology/kinesiology majors are basically guaranteed 60k+ if they go into physical therapy. 




 I sorted your comments by top. Literally took less than 30 seconds of my life away 




 nah it doesn't if some of my opinions line up with yours then were chilling 




 I had a suspicion so I did a cursory check of your post history. Found the rp posts in a minute. 




 She's on the wrong side of the spectrum for that to be true. 




 I don't consider myself a feminist. I don't go to feminist rallies. I don't read feminist literature. I consider myself someone that uses common sense to form opinions, and I tend to examine both sides before settling on a position. I have liberal opinions, I have conservative opinions. I support some parts of feminism, and I condemn some parts of feminism. By no means have I been brainwashed by feminists. I will say that the redpill does have some cult like tendencies and it is by no means a moderate position. You guys are to mens rights as the women that advocate chastidy belts and therapy for every man are to feminism.   




 Alright well lets pick apart this video.

1) Right off the bat the lady in the video starts describing why boys have trouble in school. She says that they are "Boys tend to be disorganized and restless, some have even been known to be noisy and hard to manage." 

Now her description of what a "typical boy" is like is a bit weird, idk where you went to school but I had friends that were guys that were completely organized, and I had friends that were a bit messy. Same goes for girls, but the interesting part is the "some can even be noisy and hard to manage" bit. What she's describing there sounds like ADHD, not "typical boy" behaviour. Boys are [three times as likely to be diagnosed with ADHD compared to girls](http://www.webmd.com/add-adhd/childhood-adhd/features/adhd-symptoms-in-girls-and-boys). 

2) Then she quotes a psychologist, Michael Thompson, he says "Girl behaviour is the gold standard in school, boys are treated like defective girls." Now I tried to google this Michael Thompson, after a bit of effort I found his website. He has a PhD in... something, I'm assuming psychology. The problem is that in the bio section of his website he makes no mention of where he got his undergrad, where he got his phd, etc. According to his website hes really more of an author because he has never been involved in clinical psychology, and he references no studies to back up his claim, effectively making it an unfounded opinion.

3) She then goes on to explain that boys score lower than girls on national reading exams. I have a serious problem with this claim because she provides no source to back it up and after 15 minutes of googling I can't find anything to support it.

4) She then goes on to cite isolated incidents regarding zero tolerance in schools ~ irrelevent.

5) Every following argument is rooted in broad generalizations about boys.

This video makes a lot of big claims without backing a single thing up with evidence. 




 My guess is that if I looked through your post history I would find posts in /r/mensrights and /r/theredpill. Those are both what psychologists like to call, [echo chambers](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Echo_chamber_%28media%29), and they are very unhealthy things to spend extended periods of time in without examining opposing view points and comparing them to your own beliefs.

In the words of the philosopher and mathematician William K. Clifford:

If a man, holding a belief which he was taught in childhood or persuaded of afterwards, keeps down and pushes away any doubts which arise about it in his mind, purposely avoids the reading of books and the company of men that call into question or discuss it, and regards as impious those questions which cannot easily be asked without disturbing it -- the life of that man is one long sin against mankind 




 If you took even 5 minutes to Google Camille Paglia you would  see that she's incredibly controversial in the feminist world, and that most prominent feminists oppose her and view her as an extremist. You would also see that Paglia herself views mainstream feminism itself as a problem, labeling it stalinist and repressive to women 




 This is 100% certified bullshit. - Male college student. 




 What sort of clothing should I pack? 




 A SEAL team arrives late in the night at the camp where these scumbags live. They slowly make their way through the camp slitting the throats of the guards and the sleeping soldiers. As they grow closer to the scumbags they go loud so that the fear and the anxiety grows within them as the SEALs inch closer. Gunfire and shouting is all they hear as it dawns on them that some of the most elite fighters in the world are coming for them. The SEAL team finally reaches them and forces them to look at the bloodshed around them. The scumbags flinch everytime one of the SEALs moves their gun. But to the SEALs death is too humane of a way to go for these men, as is anything that the US government would permit them to do, and that's saying something. The SEALs decide to hand them off to one of our more... controversial allies. The Israelis. The Israelis in turn give them to Mossad telling them to do what they wish. After Mossad is done extracting information from them in the most inhumane and excruciating ways possible they decide it's time to kill them. No ordinary execution is enough though. Mossad decides to shackle each of their limbs to a 100lb cement block and leave them in the desert near the Israeli-Palestinian border, but before leaving them there they attach a large saline drip to each of them so that they'll survive the dehydration, at least for awhile. The men then spend their last days wondering what will finally kill them, the sun? a scorpion? A stray Hamas rocket? Starvation? Will they outlast the saline drip and spend their last hours in a state of dehydration induced delirium? Who knows, but it will be a slow death and that is fine by the rest of the world.  




 Sounds perfect for texas 




 I wouldn't call atmosphere underground anymore  




 I am not having these vivid dreams that you guys are... Mine are usually choppy and confusing with weird lighting 




 He might be one of those guys that went to school because it's what you do and decided to be a chef after he graduated. Or he went to a fancy af culinary school. 




 No. Our laws differentiate sex crimes by age. Usually the sentencing changes based on if they're under/over 14 




 Well no because the max in this scenario is 10 or 15 depending on jurisdiction  




 I lived this nightmare in real life. Overslept so I was 45 minutes late to a final for a weed out class for my major. Got there with about an hour and 15 left and finished with 5 minutes to spair. Got a B+ :/ 




 The big ones are HIV and cancer because they prevent you from getting vaccinated and SEVERELY compromise your immune system. If an HIV+ 5 year old comes in contact with measles or whooping cough it won't end well. 




 These laws are designed to protect those children by punishing parents for choosing to opt out based on personal beliefs. 




 It's because crack has no known medical uses. Coke is used in dental procedures I believe. 




 Nah I'd be chill with the transfer. Most of my credits wouldn't transfer so I'd be entering with second semester freshman or sophomore standing. 

Edit: should add that it's between starting  at IU next fall or transferring to UCSB, UCSD, or maybe UCLA in fall 2016 




 /r/fuckchuck 




 that's because there's nothing to say. They fucked up. I was just pointing out that having eaten McDonald's doesn't narrow down the suspect pool that much. 




 The McDonald's argument wouldn't work because it's the most popular chain in the world and there were probably 100+ mcdonalds serving 100+ people a day in LA at the time. 




 He raped a 3 year old girl. That is the very definition of a violent crime. Moreover, most prison sentences are not served all the way through due to overcrowding.  




 These guys are basically celebrities in the finance world. It may not be right but it was inevitable. 




 This guy opted for a nonjury trial though so the judge is also the jury and theoretically he could be the executioner if they somehow turned this into a murder 1 case and he volumteered for executioner duty 




 That's not how it works. Juries have no say in the sentence. That's what the judge is for. 




 Nope. This is a case of Nepotism.  Her father is a judge in the county (parish because it's Louisiana) where this happened. Apparently every judge in the county had to recuse themselves from the case, meaning they all know her father, meaning the DA probably doesn't want to be on his bad side. 




 Yes, it makes sense to assume that the presumably intoxicated man that was trying to prevent the police from setting up a crime scene at a stabbing is lying. 




 Yeah source of money is a thing. The theory is that you're not as likely to skip bail if it's your money or a close friend/family member's money. 




 You can't privately fund a district attorney as that is bribery. You can, however, fund them so they can hire a lawyer and sue the shit out of this guy and the department. 









 This is how the hivemind came to be 
























 The backpack? Tighten the shoulder straps up real nice.  




 Gotta go with the other guy on this. There's nothing innovative about Tipper's music.  




 I always thought it was diplo because he wants girls to dip low haha 




 How are the offset abec 11 flashbacks? Looking at the 81a amber in 70mm for the maestro I'm getting 

E: for trucks I'm getting paris v2 50 180mm 




 My finance prof was also an investment banker. She retired at 40 to become a part time professor.... still has enough money at 65 to go to Europe every year.  




 Isn't Canada in like, North America? 




 So I'm following Diplo on snapchat and on his story he played a version of lean on that sounded just plain dirty. It was amazing. The first time I heard it on his snap was a few weeks ago when he posted a video of his son dancing to it, and the second time was later that day at what appeared to be a show. The thing that stood out to me most was the bit that starts at 00:49 in the original version but it was louder, faster, and had more bass in this mix.  I've listened to all the remixes on soundcloud and none of them sound right, pls help!!!!!!! 




 How do you like them? Worth the price? 




 Set up an E*Trade account or an account with another discount broker. Do some research and see what suits your needs. Pay attention to their fees. Make sure you understand how much their transaction fees are and whether they charge you for both buying and selling or just one or the other. When you set up the account and they ask you how you want your money to be stored when it's not invested in a stock you want to go with a sweep account so that it incurs interest even when you're not investing. 

If you want to invest in a mutual fund that's fine it's a relatively low risk way to do things but mutual funds are usually diversified to the point that they don't offer high returns so definitely make sure you look into the fund's historic returns. 

Another way to invest is to put your money into a Roth IRA which is a form of retirement account. The money is taxed when you put it into the account so there's no penalty if you liquidate the account before retirement. The returns are going to be higher than what a standard savings account will give you but they're not going to be crazy. I think the current return on a Roth IRA is like 8% so if you put in 4-5k and let it sit for a year you're going to earn somewhere between 300-400. So nothing crazy but for not having to do any work other than deposit some money it's not bad. A Roth IRA is the safest type of short term investment I can think of so if you don't want to risk losing money this is the way to go. 




 I was at 240-250 when I got my first board. I got a tugboat which held my weight fine but it's not really a true longboard and it might be too short for your height. The main thing at weights above ~200 is you want to look for a board that's not designed to have flex because those are designed to have flex for someone that weighs 130-160. 

Daddies Boardshop has a section of boards designed for heavier riders:

http://www.daddiesboardshop.com/longboards/230lbs-and-up

Also look into the Bustin Ibach and the Maestro Mini.

That Modela should hold you fine. The main thing is to just stay away from super flexy cruisers and penny boards.

Also good job getting in shape brah! I was where you are not too long ago. 




 You got a link to a news article or some search terms I can use to find one? 




 after that event that road is 90% pavement 7% thane 3% skin 




 Let me know how it is  




 It's on spotify now 




 What the fuck happened here? This kid had his youth taken from him because someone decided that it was okay to violate the speedy trial clause of the sixth amendment. Whether it was done with intent or it was an error in the system someone needs to answer for this. 

The absolute maximum amount of time that a trial can be delayed in NY is six months unless the defendant has been accused of murder. The only conceivable way this was legal was if Kalief Browder agreed to delay the trial, in which case his lawer needs to be disbarred for incompetence. Jesus fucking christ. 




 It may just be me but so far college has been a slice compared to high school. Yeah the work is harder and there's more pressure to perform, but you're not surrounded by all of the immature douchebaggery of HS and you don't have to deal with helicopter parents as much. 









 YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

E: Louder,  Harder, Better is great 




 Landyachtz dinghy is really good, as is the tugboat which is just a slightly wider version with a slightly longer kick. 

Normally I wouldn't advocate for a Santa Cruz board because they're usually not that great but I actually think that the SC Landshark is a really good mini cruiser. I have one that I use to get around at my college and a lot of my friends use them. We like them because for a ~27-28" board they have a pretty long wheel base and the kick is functional for pivot turns, though you're probably not going to be able to ollie with it. Amazing if you need a compact and lightweight commuter, not so great if you want to do anything else.

Arbor also makes a few cruisers. They just dropped a new one called the Rally which is 30" long and comes with reverse king pin trucks which tend to be pretty carvy. The other two are the pilsner (31") and the pocket rocket which is really short, I want to say it's like 25 or 26 inches. 




 I was confused too so I googled it. Apparently it sounds kind of like win  




 I think socal should get one of these. Certain parts of Oregon might also work. I'm sure longboard parks are much cheaper to build and maintain than skate parks. 




 You really think a junior in college is still carrying a crush from 10th grade? Idk man people change a lot in college 




 Y'all just ditch him after he took that spill into the curb? I saw one guy kinda turning around but it looked like the rest of you just kept going. 




 How are Bustin Swift wheels? Think a set of 70mm 82a swifts would be good on a Maestro? I'm getting a maestro to commute on campus but eventually I might want to try sliding. So far I've got about 4 or 5 months of experience on a mini cruiser. Bustin is saying I should put 78a bustin premiers on it. I've narrowed it down to those and Sector 9 78a topshelf 9 balls, Sector 9 butterballs, and 80a 69mm arbor vice wheels. 

I got some solid advice on wheels and bearings in yesterdays thread so I thought I should present you guys with my new wheel list 




 I assume NYC is #1 what's #2? 




 This album is so good so far!

[Also here's the soundcloud for one of the guys that makes up Galantis. He has some pretty fire stuff too.](https://soundcloud.com/styleofeye) 









 Galantis 3 




 Also like 99.99999% of fighter pilots come out of the AF academy  




 Really the deciding factor between the two is your shoe size. I'm US 10.5 and the Tugboat is perfect to slightly too wide for me, but I like having a bit of heel and toe overhang on small cruisers. 




 "Shoplifter." he fired on police as he was escaping he's no longer just a shoplifter. 




 Ah yeah that makes sense 




 The last set of beastos I had didn't last that long. Rode them for about 2 months before they started slowing down on me and I had to replace them with some reds I had laying around. Maybe it was just a fluke but that's why I was leaning towards zealous  




 Maybe learning to slide eventually but riggr now I just plan on using it to get around. 




 They need new merch. I wanted a galantis shirt but all they have are four shirts in weird cuts with the seafox which is a cool mascot but not something I want on a shirt tbh 




 If you go on their website www.wearegalantis.com/pharmacy you can listen to one song a day but it cuts you off 2/3s of the way through  




 What would you say the max rider weight for the Maestro is? I've been fluxuating around 180-190 recently and I'm worried that it may have a bit too much flex. Also for wheels  I was originally thinking  Kegels but 80mm might be too big, so 70mm 78a bustin premiers, 75mm 80a orangatang durians, 69mm 80a orangatang cages, or 70mm 86a orangatang stimulus? 

I want to order everything off bustin's site for simplicity's sake and because it's slightly cheaper than muirskate but I guess I'm not opposed to getting the deck and trucks from bustin and the wheels and bearings (zealous rather than bustin abec7s) from muirskate if you guys have a better idea for wheels.

This'll be my third board but first true longboard. 




 Even if it is paid advertising we get to hear a fire unreleased song and good edm is what this sub is all about. Much love brah  




 Coachella and an unreleased song? You lucky sonofabitch 




 Shit now I need to find a girl to fall in front of  




 What shoes are you guys wearing? Just wore out my vans 




 Did that in front of a couple girls a few weeks ago...... Pride was hurting real bad. 




 Fred Meyer and the internet. 




 Bustin Maestro!  




 Maybe it's a numbers thing. Try it enough times and it's bound to pay off occasionally. 




 Manning was kind of a weird case tbh. He didn't really have a purpose behind the leaks like Snowden did. He kind of just grabbed a random assortment of classified documents  that covered a pretty wide variety of topics and said fuck it lets leak this shit. None of the manning documents really had anything to do with American civil liberties.  




 The back channels are definitely cool to explore but I've never seen any crawdads 




 Watch the video a few more times. And pay attention to the moments right before the shooting. The kid stares at the officer for a good three seconds then says "nah fool" and lifts up his shirt and has his hand near his belt buckle in a manner that resembles that of a pistol being removed from a waistband, Yeah, the cop was too quick to draw but in this case it's not as simple as the cop executing an innocent kid for no reason. The kid has previously had suicidal tendencies, it's a very real possibility that he knew what he was doing. 




 A car doesn't provide cover. Any round larger than a .22 can cut through every part of a car but the engine block like butter. 




  Are they not in a higher position in the company than people in their first year or two? 

Yes they are but our original discussion wasn't about new bankers it was about the IB career as a whole and whether the avg GS investment banker eventually breaks seven figures. This is my final comment because this has been going in circles for quite a while now. 




 Sounds like the kid had previously experienced clinical depression. It's a very real possibility that he knew what he was doing and committed suicide by cop. 




 Same parking lot is definitely the way to go. The one I learned in was like 200 yards long and almost always empty. Had a subtle gradient too so I just had to push once and off I went learning to carve. 




 Bustin Maestro is kind of a do everything board as long as you're not planning on bombing any super gnarly hills. A complete is $200 from their website. 




 But laws like that don't prohibit people under a certain age from using it for medicinal purposes. Iirc in all the legal states kids w a script can still get weed.  




 Like nuts and screws or bearings and bushings? They probably carry nuts and screws in the size you need. But I'm not sure about bushings or bearings you should probably just go to a skate shop for those. 

Edit: Just checked the guide and saw that you're talking about nuts and washers and screws. If you're looking for speed rings for your wheels I doubt they'll have those, but they should definitely have the other stuff. Just make sure to either figure out what diameter and length screws you need ahead of time or bring your setup so you can ask them for help. 




 To be fair according to his wiki he studied econ in college but ya this is a joke 




 Down a dry waterslide? 




 What LEDs did you get? The only lights I could find that didn't need to be plugged in had a big bulky battery pack attached. 




 You can buy light up wheels and my guess is that for the blue he glued a couple LED strips to the underside of the board. 




 Sector 9 also has light ups but idk if you can buy them seperately or if they only come on the mini 80s boards 




 No they turn on as soon as enough friction is being generated by your wheels spinning 




 almost took a stop sign to the dome haha gotta wear those helmets 




 Yeah idk it's confusing me too haha  




 
Your first statement made me think that you didn't fully know what a partner is. Maybe you can see why in the context of the conversation I thought that. Maybe I read your comment wrong. 

You: 

I never said that the higher ups, like partners, arent paid that much...

Me:

 The partners they're talking about are not equity partners, but rather salaried partners which are essentially just senior staff members.

You:

Why do you keep assuming I dont know this shit? ... you think I don't what a salaried partner is

But whatever bro I'm done because this conversation is leading nowhere and you're being a bit of a jerk. I'm sorry I came across as condescending but education is a part of any argument. 




 Teebooooowwwwwwww 









 I'm not being condescending unless disagreement is now considered condescending but whatever fuck it I'm done. 

Your comment about how I'm just embarrassing myself (by stating the truth?) was unquestionably condescending though. 




 I believe the only scenario where breach of an NDA can lead to jail time is in the case of corporate espionage. 




 The infinite scrolling is just annoying though. I like having pages I can quickly jump to. 




 Off topic but what does the * denote? I've seen it before when people talk about trans issues. 




 Well now you're just being an asshole but I see where the misunderstanding is coming from. It sounds like you don't fully understand the terminology of corporate America. Partner =/= to owner or executive. The partners they're talking about are not equity partners, but rather salaried partners which are essentially just senior staff members. When it comes to law firms and investing firms all roads lead to partner and if you don't get there you fucked up somewhere along the line. If we're still discussing the original topic, which was whether the average GS investment banker eventually breaks seven figs, then the link is correct. From your comment I gather that what you believe is that making partner is to finance as getting a managerial or rare promotion is to other fields. In investing it's essentially a title given to employees that have made it past the probationary (analyst) and junior (associate) phases of employment. Think of it not as a title for a department head with the same powers as the owner or equity partners, but as a title for a project leader that answers to the equity partners. They head up a team of analysts and associates to facilitate IPOs, mergers, etc. 




 No such thing as a stupid question around here. Yeah a hit is one inhalation of whatever you're smoking out of, so one draw on a joint, one bing rip, one pipe pull, etc 




 I think the bigger problem is that it's an awful fire hazard  




 Dude wtf does it take to appease you? That very article I just linked shows the earnings range for investment bankers, 500k-20m. Analysts and associates are not IBs that's why they're not making bookoo bucks.  




 The bonus is just something they get. It's not guarunteed, but there's an expectation that they'll get it. The commission (.1-7% depending on project) is written into their contract. They're seperate things. Think of the bonus a sort of pat on the back for getting through the year without burning out and the commission as an earned augmentation of their salary that's guarunteed if they complete a deal.

http://www.wallstreetoasis.com/salary/investment-banking-compensation

An analyst is hired fresh out of undergrad, an associate is someone that is either promoted from an analyst position or hired from an MBA program. They have more power but they're still doing grunt work. After a bit associates are either promoted to managing director (investment banker), to vp of a dept, or they decide investment banking hours are retardedly long and they make the transition to brokerage or hedge management. The pay range for all those positions including bonuses and commission is in that link. Bare in mind that GS is one of the most lucrative firms in the world so their employees' earnings will be on the high end of those. 




 But again that's before commission. Obviously wall st as a whole does not average seven figure earnings but within the  premise of this thread we'retalking about investment bankers because the dead guy was an IB analyst. Investment bankers are the rockstars of wall st. A single IB can bring in more money each year than a high traffic brick and mortar branch of the bank. Investment bankers at top firms do usually take home seven figures *after commission* because they are the bank's top earners. When looking at how much people in finance make you have to look at the commission because that's usually the main source of income for bankers and brokers.  The base salary is just a contingency for if the market crashes.

But now picture the investment banker: he sells companies for millions, hundreds of millions, or even billions of dollars.

Deals worth less than $1 billion might come with a 1% commission, while deals worth more than that will scale down to around 0.1%.

But even 0.1% of $50 billion is $50 million.

So thats part 1 of why investment bankers make so much money: high-priced items with high commissions.

http://www.mergersandinquisitions.com/investment-bankers-make-money/ 




 http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2013/03/13/how-much-do-wall-streeters-really-earn/

A firm is going to know if a VP shares their salary with a site like glass door which would be a direct violation of their NDA and get them fired or transferred. They wouldn't risk that. That's why it's inaccurate. 




 Because they're wrong and slightly deceptive. You can't honestly believe that a VP of any dept at one of the largest banks in the world is pulling less than 200k can you? That's ridiculous..... Anyone in the industry will tell you that's horseshit. The analyst figure is deceptive. Base salary ranges from 65-90k a year, but the industry standard is to also give them an annual bonus that's usually 70-100% of their salary, so even if their base salary is only 65k realistically they're making no less than 110k a year. A top performing recruit from an ivy school might make 180k their first year. After you get bumped up to a full IB position you might make anywhere from 100-250k base plus the yearly bonus plus 7% commission on every project you head up. 




 Capitalism is good, theres nothing wrong with it. Banking is constructive to society because it helps to move the economy and facilitate international trade. The problem isn't banking, but the people that do it. When the greed is successfully kept in check the finance industry is very helpful to society. 




 An analyst is essentially an entry level position. After you do a few years as an analyst you get bumped up to a job that'll pay seven figs like being a full fledged investment banker, but if you spend your entire career in an analyst position you're doing something wrong. 




 *A small fraction of finance majors pull millions. If you actually get a job at a top tier firm like GS, which only a small fraction do, and you stick with it you're basically guaranteed 250k + commission and bonuses by 25-30 and seven figures by 35.  




 He knew exactly what he was getting himself into when he took an analyst job at a top tier bank. 




 Yeah banks are starting to recruit at semi-target schools more often especially for their west coast offices because Stanford and berkeley grads keep dipping out after a year or two to work in Silicon Valley 




 Adderall and modafinil tend to be more effective in a work environment. 




 Industry standard on wall st for a first year IB analyst is a salary of 60-80k a year  with a bonus that's usually no less than 60% of their annual salary.  To get a job as a GS analyst he probably did an internship their at some point and interacted woth analysts. As much as I want to feel sorry for him this guy knew exactly what he was getting himself into. Anybody that can get a job at a top tier IB firm does  




 Because cops make a habit of killing people for their shoes? How about I give you a reality check. There are upwards of 14,000 civilian-on-civilian murders every year in this country. In Chicago 80% of murders are gang related. I have to imagine the stat is similar in some parts of LA. By comparison there are usually about 400 police shootings on average each year. Your line of thinking is the result of a profit driven agenda because the news has realized that cop shootings get people riled up. Couple that with the extreme bias and echo chamber effect of reddit and you've got a bunch of people acting on emotions rather than logic. If murders made the news at the samerate that police shootings do and you reacted the same way you'd think the US is a war zone. 




 I'm looking for a nice carvy drop thru set up to use as a commuter and for carving some mellow hills. So far I'm thinking Paris 180mm V2 50 for trucks, not sure on the wheels 78a or 80a, and then for the deck I've looked at the Arbor Mindset, Bustin Maestro and Maestro mini, and the Landyachtz Battle Axe 35. I found that I tend to prefer boards with a width of less than 9.5ish inches so that's why I'm looking at those. Since it's a commuter I def want to keep it under 40" but I've never owned a board longer than 30" so I want a true longboard this time. Any help with the setup would be great. 




 Damn bruh don't they have like 2000 calories? Haha 




 California? 




 The manslaughter trial would be but the family suing for damages, loss of income, emotional distress etc is civil. 




 Oh yeah OP is golden I was responding to the scenario where you gave someone alcohol and then they drove and killed someone and the vic's family was suing  




 In that scenario I believe it would be a transferrence of civil liability because we're talking about law suits. Civil law has a bunch of different rules including a different burden of proof requirement. 




 If it's just you it'll be a bit of a waste to use a blunt because you wont smoke all of it. Literally only one or two small bong or joint hits will be enough to get high. I would avoid the blunt/spliff too unless you have a good tobacco tolerance or it might make you extra dizzy. 




 And blocks the hippie grenades a bit 




 If you don't have a pipe screen then take a small piece of nug and press it into the bottom of the bowl, then put ground or torn weed on top. If it has a carb hole put a finger over the hole. Take your lighter and hover the flame over the bowl and then take a nice long hit. Hitting it should suck the flame into the bowl. When you're ready to inhale take your finger off the carb hole and suck. 




 I was watching a video of a NK tour and apparently they have a weird McDonald's type chain in Pyongyang. Idk if it's only open to tourists or what but ya 




 Ah I gather you're the business owner. I was originally gonna ask how you talked your boss into this but it all makes sense now. 




 http://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2013/crime-in-the-u.s.-2013/offenses-known-to-law-enforcement/expanded-homicide/expanded_homicide_data_table_14_justifiable_homicide_by_weapon_law_enforcement_2009-2013.xls 




 No worries. So each figure listed on [this infograph](https://rainn.org/get-information/statistics/reporting-rates) has a small number at the end. The number corresponds to the study they're citing to get their data. Tge studies are listed by number at the bottom of the page. 




 There are 400 police shootings a year on average. The FBI keeps track of these things so fear mongering people like you dont make up fake statistics to back your claims. Smh.... 




 Yes it's strange that the people we send out with guns to defend the general public from criminals kill more people than the general public most of whom, statistically speaking, will never witness a shooting in their life.......

Edit: also that stat is wrong by a gross overestimation there are 400 police involved shootings a year on average. 




 No it doesn't. The article was debunking  [this infographic](https://img.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/files/2014/12/rapist_visualization_03.jpg w=480) that had been circulating Facebook and then shares the correct statistics, the ones I shared. 




 Yall are bad at making hot pockets  




 The large soda with so much ice that it's not even floating so it take like 2 good gulps to drink it all 




 Data is [compiled and placed into a graphic here](https://rainn.org/get-information/statistics/reporting-rates). Sources of data are mentioned at the bottom and the sources include methodology if you're so included to check them all. Here's a [WashPo article that talks about the stats](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/wp/2014/12/09/the-truth-about-a-viral-graphic-on-rape-statistics/) that I mentioned.

Edit: forgot to mention that their sources are reputable. FBI and DOJ
 




 Right but reddit seems to  believe that a false rape accusation is somehow more life ruining than any other felony. And a shocking number of people on this website express that they fully expect either themself or someone they know to be falsely accused and convicted of rape at some point. The reality is that out of every 100 rapes 32 are reported and of those only 2 lead to a conviction. It is one of the most underreported felonies in the US and it has one of the lowest conviction rates of any major crime. 

The reality is that maybe 7% of rapes make it to trial and only 2% of rapists are convicted. The likelihood of a false rape accusation getting far enough to make the news is so low that it's almost funny how big of an issue reddit seems to think false rape accusations are. Most real accusations don't get that far. 




 Never experienced that or heard of anyone tipping gas station attendants in my 20 years in Oregon. 




 What? Trading on margin is the riskiest way to do it for all parties. Nobody that's established enough to have made a name for themselves in investing is trading on margin. 




 Witnesses are corroborating his story. For all intents and purposes this officer is a grade A douche but he's currently being backed up by multiple witnesses so it seems clean. 




 Marines get hundreds more hours of training and work in units of 4+ ?  




 I've still got love for Aoki. He went to my school, UCSB, and lived in a sort of multicultural hippie commune thing while he was there. UCSB is a big party school with a decent EDM scene and word is that he initially started making a name for himself by DJing parties out here. UCSB is a pretty good school too so that's why he sounds so... literate in his article about himself. I also heard that even though his dad owns the benihana fortune they cut him off when he became an adult with the exception of paying for college. 




 So there are some departments that do a shit job.

Tbh I wouldn't even say that. My guess is that most police shootings occur either in areas that border mexico/southern florida or large cities like Oakland, LA, NYC, Detroit, etc  which for certain socioeconomic reasons have more violent organized crime. 




 You're making the assumption that every single person killed by a cop is innocent and therefore needs to be made up for. In reality it's more likely that less than 5% of people shot by police didn't deserve it. 




 I think he's asking for proof from the guy claiming that he has a police brutality issue in his white suburb. 




 I didn't dv you but I'll bite. I think neon future has two distinct styles, two upbeat mood songs (I Love it When You Cry and Home We'll Go) and an outlier (Youth Dem Turn Up, not a big fan tbh). The first style is hoise but has some sort of trancy elements and includes Heaven On Earth and Light Years. The second style is closer to what you'd expect from Aoki, deep repetitive bass hits, fast, the type of shit you rage to, Hysteria and Lightning Strikes. Then there's Darker Than Blood which is another one of his linkin park collabs and I've never really known what to make of those. 




 I usually prefer lyft as a rider because I've found that the drivers tend to be happier but the few times I use lyft or uber usually ends up being during surge times so whichever has lower prices ends up dictating my choice. Consistent prices and setting a time ahead of time 
are the only two things I like about actual taxis. 




 The news is not supposed to be feel goodery time. It's supposed to be news.

This line of thinking is a product of the invention of the 24 hour news cycle. The news isn't supposed to make you feel any particular way. It can make you feel good, like if a cure for cancer was discovered, or it can make you feel bad like after 9/11, but the idea that you need hard hitting stories all the time kills the importance of actual news. The fact of the matter is that what most people think are hard hitting stories wouldn't even make the second page if news was actually filtered rather than posted one story after another in rapid succession only to be forgotten by the public domain in a matter of hours. 

Everything you just wrote from the first word reeks of brainwashing by a news cycle with an agenda. Do cops need to be held accountable? Sure. Is there any evidence that these so called "executions" are increasing in frequency or that there's an epidemic of police killing people? Absolutely not. It's just the latest in a long line of things that gets the public's attention so that's what the media is catering to. A few years ago it was school shootings, before that it was terrorism, before that drugs. 

I'm not a conspiracy theorist I don't believe that the media is evil, but it is profit driven so it has an agenda. Once you understand that and filter out overhyped stories accordingly you will understand the reality of the situation. The reality of this particular situation is that recently any police shooting from every town in the US that isn't 100% cut and dry is plastered on the front page of every major news outlet. If you were as quick to form a conclusion with everything as you are with this issue then within a week I could do the same thing and have you believing that every suburban white boy is destined to become a rapist, but you wouldn't believe that because it's not a rational line of thought. But for whatever reason a good chunk of the American public has decided to forego their critical thinking skills when it comes to this particular issue. 

/rant 




 Lawless was fire 




 Even worse is that it sounds like just a year ago maybe even more recently they thought he was cancer free so this particular bout had to have hit him pretty hard and fast. He was a good man. Would've made a good governer, maybe even a good president. 




 For variable A choose united states total for variable B choose violent crime rate. There ya go raw data.

http://www.ucrdatatool.gov/Search/Crime/State/RunCrimeTrendsInOneVar.cfm 




  So 110/100,000 FTE is possible.

No it's not. In mathematics and statistics when people say rate they almost always mean %. When talking about losing a physical object, ie a person, you cant have a rate that's greater than 100% because ot means that youve lost more of them than physically exist. A 110% fatality rate means that for every 100k workers 110k of them die. 110 deaths per capita, yes, that's possible but that's already listed on the left column so it doesn't make sense for them to put it in the rightmost column under rates.

http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/chi-violent-crime-1970s-level-20141110-story.html

There's an article confirming the violent crime rate. We're currently at 1978 levels. 









 His dad saw his vinegar strokes, he saw into his soul, and at that moment he realized what type of man his son would become. 




 That stat on crime rate was just for violent crime so any affect the introduction of any new drug laws had on that crime rate is indirect at best. The data you linked is compiled weirdly. They've got a profession with a 110 fatality rate which is simply not possible. My hunch is that the software they used didn't account for the # of workers column standing for X thousands so the raw data is actually the least accurate way of looking at it. The graph in the article I linked was based off of the BLS data you linked but they normalized the fatality rates. 




  You're arguing what ifs. The statistics say that being a LEO is one of the least lethal careers a person can choose. Hell an officer worker has a higher fatality rate/hour worked than a LEO does.

Utter, utter, utter, bullshit. This statement is categorically false no matter which way you look at it. [Law enforcement is the 15th most dangerous career in the US based on deaths per 100k workers](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2015/01/28/charted-the-20-deadliest-jobs-in-america/). The only reason law enforcement isn't in the top 5 is because LE agencies take precautions to protect their officers like having them work in pairs, giving them EMS training and combat training, and giving them protective clothing. You'll notice that almost every single profession that's more dangerous than law enforcement (notice that no office work is included on that list) is in a field where time is money so managers are more likely to try to skirt safety requirements so that they can increase their profits. LEOs are also unionized so they have someone that advocates for more safety precautions. 

 Society is not violent. In fact society is becoming less violent each day that passes. The only area where violence is increasing is violence committed by LEOs.

Again this is bullshit. In the United States there is:

* A murder every 35.6 minutes

* A forcible rape every 6.2 minutes

* A robbery every 1.4 minutes

* An aggravated assault every 40.5 seconds

* A burglery every 14.6 seconds

The crime rate may be going down but that just means we are in a transitional period. Today's world is very much a violent one. Gangs in LA, Baltimore, NYC, and Detroit initiate middle and [high schoolers](http://articles.baltimoresun.com/2010-03-12/news/bal-md.ci.arrest12mar12_1_gang-initiation-gang-member-bloods) by having them kill someone, a stranger, a cop, [a friend, these people don't give a fuck. They are animals.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_X_PtJwNu3Q) Don't pretend that we live in a safe world. Don't try to downplay the danger involved in police work because statistically it is more dangerous than firefighting. And don't kid yourself about the crime rate going down. Yes, it's low compared to recent years but that's because the crime rate shot up during the crack epidemic. The current crime rate is still higher than it was in 1970. 




 Honestly I don't plan to vote for Hillary based on her politics and character alone, but I'm pretty sure old Bill is what's going to end up keeping her out of the White House. 




 Cat. 




 Would you mind explaining why it's moronic? We live in a violent world. It's foolish to think that cops should never have to kill someone. 




 Your people also haven't had a line of duty death since 2013 whereas we had upwards of 50 last year alone. 




 According to [this](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_British_police_officers_killed_in_the_line_of_duty) there hasn't been a line of duty death in Britain since 2013 so they're considerably lower. 




 Other G-7 countries don't have 88 legally owned firearms per 100 people. The US is a unique case. It can't be compared to other countries. The only other country with a similar rate of gun ownership is Switzerland but there's a fundamental difference in gun culture that makes them impossible to compare. 




 Well according to ODMP.org, in 2014, if we exclude K9s, there were 47 line of duty deaths by gunfire, 10 by vehicular assault, and 2 by assault. And according to OPs article so far there have been more than usual this year, but usually about 400 people are killed by officers each year. Obviously this is by no means a perfect way of measuring this but the ratio of cops killed to criminals killed by cops in 2014 is 59:~400 so 1:6.78. When you consider that cops are trained and criminals usally have no formal weapons or combat training it seems like 6.7 criminals killed for every 1 cop killed is a reasonable statistic. Especially considering the FBI estimates that there were 14,196 murders in 2013. 




 It's not always possible to restrain them. In fact I would say that in the case of most police shootings it was not possible to restrain them. Your use of the word execute sort of implies that you believe that when a cop kills someone they are choosing to be judge jury and executioner, and not simply defending themselves. You are wrong.

* [Example #1](http://i.imgur.com/o8Dmo6K.gifv) Warning NSFW, very disturbing shows an officer being killed.

* [Example #2](http://i.imgur.com/y2OaBox.gifv) 

* [Example #3](http://i.imgur.com/cYtUMHk.gifv) 




 But why do you think that is? Perhaps it's because police departments take precautions to protect their officers, all are given guns, generally work in pairs, backup is usually nearby, bullet proof vests, etc and police are unionized so they have people advocating for them.

[Here's the list of the most danferous jobs in the US](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2015/01/28/charted-the-20-deadliest-jobs-in-america/). Police officers still make the top 20 ahead of fire fighters soeven with all those precautions their job is dangerous. The jobs ahead of them are things like fishing, electrical work, logging, and construction. If you've ever met anyone in those professions they'll tell you that things are made dangerous by bosses that want to keep costs down by skirting safety precautions. 

Also I think just measuring by deaths per 100k is a poor metric because who's more likely to be stuck with a used needle and contract a disease? Or hit by a car and paralyzed? Or get PTSD, or depression, or alcoholism, or any of the other mental illnesses that have a higher prevalence among cops than the gen population?
 









 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




 Cat. 




   I now know he ordered a hitman to try and kill people. Even so if you look about the net you will see similar cases of people who didn't get life for the same crime.

I mean not really, maybe very rarely. Under federal sentencing guidelines murder in the first degree carries a minimum sentence of life in prison. Six counts of attempted first degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder most certainly makes him worthy of life. If he had succesfully carried out a hit there would be no debate, but somehow because the hits were fake reddit believes that he should be free and clear.  




 DPR was the one to bring up the idea of using a hitman. He was talking to the guy about someone that owes them money and then DPR essentially said "he's a liability idgaf if he gets executed." Then while negotiating the price of that hit DPR mentions that he paid 80k for a previous hit. At one point the hitman asked if there was another solution because murder draws a lot of attention and DPR maintained that a hit is the only solution. He's a stone cold killer and deserves no sympathy. 





























 So? They probably contract 4j's people for some stuff. I fail to see why this deserves a mention  




 Not worth it 




 Out of state was 50k for everything 




 Did a year at a CC and transferred to a great 4 year after saving 30k on my first year. Know a ton of people that did 2 years and then transferred to top schools like UCLA, Berkeley, UCSB, USC 









 Married no-name CFO of a big name company (conde nast I believe) allegedly tries to have closeted gay sex with a hooker. Plan foiled because plane is delayed. The story was absolutely terrible for a couple reasons, A) gawker's only proof that any of this happened was an "anonymous source," and B) the guy isn't even famous so why write a tabloid article about him? 

Basically imagine you, a random dude, are married with kids and your local newspaper decides to write a slanderous and baseless story about you and gay hookers. That's what gawker did. 




 I think with military bases most of the people going in and out are issued firearms and probably have their own personal weapon so the sign is supposed to act as a reminder to check your weapon into the armory aftet target practice and leave your gun at home. 




 And the US gov classifies arabs as white 




 I think it has more to do with the content of the site than personal attacks. The hive mind does have a bit of an anti women anti minority sentiment. 




 Those are commercial units within a building. Much less expensive than residential property. 




 No? Prison labor isn't forced. The two are completely different. 




 Army Ranger Battalions and Navy SEAL units plan to integrate women by 2015 and 2016, respectively.

Correct me if I'm wrong but so far I don't believe any women has gotten through ranger school, let alone RASP, and very few have even passed the standard infantry tests. 




 But that's thing, women *can* do that. They werent allowed to be in combat positions. In the event of a draft most of the draftees are getting tossed into the infantry, cavalry, whatever, whereas the guys that enlist get to pick their position. Even though women have been allowed to try out for infantry positions for a year or two now (maybe longer?) I haven't heard of a single woman passing the  physical aspects of the officers test or ranger school (which is not to be confused with RASP which let's you join the 75th). Logistically it just doesn't make sense to draft women if 90+% of them aren't even physically capable of being in the infantry. Sure you can make the argument that you're making, but realistically speaking every time we've instituted a war time draft we were tossing draftees into fighting positions and not logistical positions. 




 Insurance is a terrible way to do it. Cops aren't independent contractors working under an LLC like doctors. And suddenly cops will try to avoid certain positions and working in certain areas because it will raise their premium. It's just such a bad idea once you give it a minute of thought. 




 That's what I thought might be the case. I don't think there's anything really wrong with my dad's set aside from being old and missing an iron or two. I think it's from the 90s and he never golfed much so it's hardly been used. The driver is an 11 big bertha war bird. I'm not actually sure if the irons are Callaway's, they say Lamkin on the grip and stainless steel custom on the heads.

E: The fairway woods are pinseekers. 




 I've been using some old Callaway's I found in my dad's garage but now I want to buy my own set. What do you guys suggest? I was looking at this set:

http://m.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?productId=60552686 cp=4406646.4413989.4414118 categoryId=4414157 




 When you're covered in blood and a cop is asking about it maybe it's a good idea to eat the fine and tell them you picked up some roadkill. Certainly a better idea than running and reaching for a gun..... all of this is moot though because nobody mentioned roadkill and it seems like you're just looking for any reason to validate your hatred of police officers. 




 Airports/airplanes are a threat because an airplane can be used against a hard target like a building. If someone wanted to take out a soft target in the manner that you're talking about it would be easier for them to sneak past some guards at a sporting event or hit a crowded tourist attraction. The anti-TSA circlejerk is a bit ridiculous. Sure they're not as effective as they could be, but even security lines at major airports are less crowded than a lot of public attractions in big cities. When it comes to airports the government is mostly worried about somebody stealing  a plane because to date the two most devastating attacks on US soil have been from people crashing planes into things. 




 Idk why you'd think that. A lot of CEOs and guys on wall street are putting in 100 hour weeks near quarters and 10-12 hour days the rest of the time. There's a reason that adderall is corporate America's favorite drug. 




 Afghanistan was about undermining the Taliban's control over rural regions through a hearts and minds campaign. It was NEVER about poppies or opium. Most of the time the top brass actively discouraged burning down the poppy fields, and at least one base even went so far as to let a farmer use their sewage run off as irrigation for his poppy fields. The reason being that destroying an entire village's livelihood is going to do more to make them support the taliban than to win over their hearts and minds. 

Suppress the mitigating factor and of course poppy cultivation flourishes, but it's not because the US government was trying to get in on the afghani poppy trade. 




 Where do you live that beat cops make 40-60 an hour? 




 Clearly nobody has told you that celebrity.yahoo.com covers all of the pressing stories. 




 UC Berkeley offers a BA in Luso-Brazilian Literature so yeah you're not far off. 




 Where did you get the idea that it "just happens?" Yes, a common-law marriage is easier to form than a traditional marriage but it requires both parties to act as if they are married by introducing each other as husband or wife, filing joint tax returns, combining assets and debts, and just generally doing what married people do. In recent years common law marriage was mostly used as a get around in states that didn't allow gay marriage. Are you really trying to tell me that anybody that's been roommates with someone for more than "x" years is automatically in a legal and binding relationship with them? It's not that simple. 




 Common law marriage doesn't just automatically happen. You have to file some documents.  




 It's blanket banned under the chemical weapons and nerve agents ban. I'm sure that they'd love to be able to use pepper balls and tear gas when dealing with insurgents holed up in buildings. 




 In legal terms a marriage is a combination of assets to be shared equally among the members of the partnership. If you don't agree to those terms or view them as unfair then either don't get married or be married in faith but not legality. 




 That's why you get a good lawyer to write your prenup. Also if you include extreme clauses like not splitting assets then of course it will be thrown out because that's not how our judicial system works. 









 Oh my god dude I flew first class with united a few weeks ago and the flight attendant was crazy attentive. Anytime my drink got to 1/4 full she would appear out of nowhere to refill. It was awesoms. 




 Sssshhhh he's an innocent martyr in the fight for personal freedomz  




 I get that people are mad and what happened was terrible but this is honestly kind of fucked up. Every guy I know did stupid stuff when they were young. Some of it stupider than what these kids did. We were all just lucky enough that we weren't playing with fire during a heatwave. Charge them with trespassing, vandalism, criminal mischief, and some other misdemeanors, but these kids don't deserve to face trial for multiple felonies. 




 Usually the degree is for the job and the minor is for personal enrichment  




 The funny thing is that if he hadn't mentioned the rapist part then people may have actually been receptive to this 




 I mean I'm not going anywhere  




 Viva le revolution 




 You never burned leaves when you were a kid? The most likely scenario is they had a lighter and started playing with fire in the press box. It got out of hand because it was a 90+ day and hasn't rained in a long ass time. These are 12 year old kids, don't forget that. 12 year olds, while stupid, are not criminal masterminds capable of successfully getting away with arson in broad daylight on one of south Eugene's busiest streets. This lady is upset and maybe she can't think clearly, but any objective observer can say with certainty that they are unrelated. 




 Except it is illegal. And their servers are being hosted in the EU so they're subject to a ton of political correctness stuff. The company they were renting from before had to sever their contract because the hate stuff is illegal in Europe. 




 Also I don't think that number includes housing, books, etc. 




 80+ for 90k? Jesus christ that's terrible. 




 Civic wasn't locked up well at all. It was easy as shit to get in there. I remember during high school a few years ago every once in a while people would brag about sneaking in at night and drinking beers or smoking weed in the grandstand or dug outs. 




 Somehow I doubt that there is a ring of pre-pubescent arsonists in eugene. 




 Yeah i did a ton of stupid shit as a kid. Idk if any of it was felonious but it very well could've been. The difference is I never trespassed or caused property damage. 




 One commenter on the article mentioned that parents of minors can only be held accountable for up to 7.5k of damage done by their child, any truth to that? 




 I believe it's actually popular because in WW1 they found that circumcised dudes were not getting some sort of genital infection from living in the trenches as easily  




 And the civil war was more about states rights then slavery, though the right to own slaves was part of it.

An excerpt from the vice president of the CSA's cornerstone speech:
 
"Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition." 




 Is it right wing? I don't read it so idk but it's usually the left that's complaining about cops. 




 Here's the airsoft gun from the Andy Lopez shooting next to a real AK. If a cop tells you to drop your weapon and you whip around and face him while holding that it's no wonder you're getting shot.

https://thenypost.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/usa-california-teen-shot.jpg 




 60 days is the bare minimum amount of time that the bill has to be public before congress votes on it. So you'll have at least 2 months, probably more time to contact your representative. 




 While it wasn't part of the original CSA flag it was incorporated into the design of later versions. 




 Well yes, because it was just recently finalized. It will be public for at least 60 days before congress is allowed to vote on it. 




 Did you even read my comment? What you're describing is literally the exact opposite of what's happening. Classified negotiations =/= secret bill passing. 




 Except that can't be further from the truth. The full uncensored text of the bill, and any other bill that appears before congress, will be made public for at least 60 days before they vote on it. Stop acting like there's a giant conspiracy. The only reason any law was passed without you reading it is because you never bothered to Google the text of the law. 




 I still fail to see why this is such a bad thing. It seems that most of the people in this thread have no idea what fast tracking a bill even does.... 




 Don't forget killer of Bin Laden and the president under which gay marriage was legalized. 




 Why do you think that? Like I'm not trying to be a dick to you, I'm legitimately curious about why so many people on reddit realistically think he has a chance. Here's why I'm not so sure he does:

  Bernie is running on a campaign that promises free college, $15/hr minimum wage, cheap healthcare, and an increased amount of days off. Don't get me wrong that all sounds great, but there's absolutely nothing to suggest that any of that is feasible. Obama ran on a similar platform and didn't do any of it. He'll get roadblocked every step of the way, and he hasn't actually suggested much that he could reasonably achieve. On top of that he has absolutely no experience in foreign policy or diplomatic relations and has little experience dealing with minority problems and no experience dealing with border issues. The polling in his favor is done rather optimistically. The polls that show him gaining on hillary were done in his state, which has a 95% white population, is predominantly middle class, and has a population smaller than most large cities, or in other New English states with similar demographics. Finally, he's a self described socialist which is not going to fly in a lot of red and purple states. I doubt I'm going to view him as a realistic candidate until he shows polling promise in states in the midwest and west. 

But if you have a reason to believe that he is a realistic candidate other than his ability to connect with people then please tell me. Bernie's ideas are good in theory and if he could honestly pull them off I'd probably vote for him, but I would rather have a dem candidate that's realistic than a democratic party that's divided and a Republican party that's rallying behind one guy. 




 Maybe, maybe he could beat hillary in the primary, maybe, but then he'd get torn apart in the election campaign. No republican, independent, or conservative liberal will touch him. The democrats would essentially be committing election suicide if they nominate him over hillary. 




 By law the full text of TPP will be made public before congress votes on it. Congress cannot pass laws in private. When the bill is formally read to congress it will be made public, if not sooner. 




 What? If anything this promotes debate rather than further secret negotiations. The full bill has to be publicly disclosed (I believe at least for two months before congress votes on it), and Congress can't amend it so they either have to pass it or nix it. If there's any discrepancy in TPP you'll have plenty of time to write your representative and tell them to vote against it. Furthermore I don't understand why you people keep harping on the secret negotiations aspect of it. Classified negotiations are par for the course with any FTA because it makes reaching a deal simpler. Hell it's par for the course for non-FTA bills, even Obamacare was negotiated in secret. There's literally no reason to go all conspiro about this.  




 It will be read publicly in front of Congress. This fast track doesn't pass it, it just means that Congress can only pass it or vote it down instead of amending it. 




 Yes. It will be read publicly in front of Congress. 




 The term "poor door" is kind of misleading. The city needs low income housing so apartments built low income housing, with the caveat that the people that are paying a reduced price not have access to many of the building's amenities that the majority of tenants are paying market value for. Poor doors open into a section of the building that is physically separated from the pool, gym, etc. It's not about degrading poor people. 

The reality is that this ruling will make more property managers resistant to having low income housing in their buildings, which is really a shame because these programs allow lower class families to live in safer neighborhoods with better schools. It's not unreasonable for building managers to want to charge market value if their tenants are going to be able to use the door man and the pool and the gym and all of those rather expensive amenities. 




 Isn't Alabama just straight up ignoring the supreme court ruling? 




 I hate this idea that reddit perpetuates. Afghanistan was never about poppies, it was about winning over hearts and minds in order to undermine the Taliban's influence in rural areas. Most of the time the top brass actively discouraged burning down the poppy fields, and at least one base even went so far as to let a farmer use their sewage run off as irrigation for his poppy fields. The reason being that destroying an entire village's livelihood is going to do more to make them support the taliban than to win over their hearts and minds. 




 I've never experienced any sort of constant racism since moving to socal. Some isolated incidents here abd there but I think you're either exaggerating or from so bumfuck nowhere small town 




 That's because 90% of the American public has no understanding of basic economics and gets lost in the first paragraph of any TPP article. If you go to any business or economic centric news outlet (WSJ, Bloomberg, The Economist, etc) they are all talking about the TPP. As an informed person you are supposed to diversify your news sources. ABC, CNN, HuffPo, etc none of them hire experts, they hire *journalists*, so all the TPP stuff they write is like a crude ELI5.  Honestly you shouldn't be trying to get specialized news like science or economics from a major news outlet like CNN because those outlets are primarily equipped to report on things like politics and war because anyone with any type of degree can understand it. 




 Holy shit that's true. Why is it that all of the people that aren't going to college are the ones that post the crazy conspiro stuff? I recently had a fb friend share a post that was a picture of a HS or college age girl with tabe all over her face and written on the tape was something saying that the cure for cancer has already been found but the cancer industry is too lucrative for them to announce the cure. 









 It's prescribed for narcolepsy and shift work sleep disorder 




 Meth is still a prescription drug, trade name desoxyn. The problem with meth is that it binds to a protein that makes it neurotoxic even at low doses. That's why doctors are willing to prescribe high doses of dextroamphetamine before they prescribe even low dose methamphetamine. A study comparing long term meth and cocaine use found that a 6 day exposure to meth causes neurotoxicity, but cocaine was not neurotoxic at 11 days. Neither of them are safe but if I had a gun to my head I'd take the coke over the meth. 




 No. I've got friends interning in IB firms there right now. They've been telling me some stories haha 




 Cocaine adderall and modafinil fuel wall street  




 The Dinghy is pretty good. I rode an Arbor Pocket Rocket awhile ago and really liked it. It's a bit closer to the size of a penny. For $70 Churchill makes the Penny Killer which is basically the exact size of a penny except made of maple with metal trucks. 




 Because most people don't get a story written about them doing their job 




 Right but it might change the feel of the board.  




 Wheel recommendations for the tugboat? I took the 66mm zig zags that came with it and put them on my Land Shark bc I felt that they fit that wheel base better. I've found that the tug's wheel base feels a bit too small for me so I'm thinking smaller wheels might fix that problem. Want to try that before I go through the trouble of selling it.

I've got polar bear trucks and 1/4" risers btw. 




 Eugene hasn't been a small town for several decades.  




 Like the guy on tifu(?) that torrented a copy of dawn of the planet of the apes for his dad and it didn't have the subtitles for the apes 




 What happens when you've got lava rocks on both sides of the road. 




 What are some solid deck brands? 




 Oh ha didn't see that it was a micro. How about the full size?

http://www.tactics.com/almost/daewon-joker-dc-comics-series-775-complete-skateboard 




 are Almost decks any good? I know nothing about skateboarding but I want to pick one up on the cheap to learn to ollie and do some simple tricks and whatnot. This is the complete in question

http://www.tactics.com/almost/daewon-joker-dc-comics-series-micro-675-complete-skateboard 




 That can happen with trespassers in the US too. Something about maintaining a reasonable level of safety on your land or whatever  




 Is this a good setup? Not tryna do anything hardcore, just have a board for when I need to get through some streets that are too gnar for my longboard

http://www.tactics.com/tactics/emblem-ii-8125-complete-skateboard/silver-trucks-white-52mm-wheels 




 How are bullet trucks? 




 Hey guys what's a not too expensive street complete? I want to get a board that I can ollie on and learn to do shuvits and whatnot. Are there any solid setups I can get for less than 100?

E: Would this be good?

http://www.tactics.com/tactics/emblem-ii-8125-complete-skateboard/silver-trucks-white-52mm-wheels 




 Nah the mini is symetrical and has longer kicks. 




 He's right. Most countries drive on the right. 




 R/changemyview  




 I don't know a whole lot about dh but Bustin's sale section might have a good discounted dh board

 http://www.bustinboards.com/sale 




 Haven't turned in any handwritten assignments not including math and in class work once since I started college. 




 I just watched it like 1000 times at .5 and .25 speed and I didn't see any rocks, granted the quality isn't great at those speeds but I atleast should've been able to see it bounce away. I think she just accidentally shifted her weight in a way she wasn't expecting when she settled back into her tuck. Rough stuff though she got bounced. Sending her good vibes OP. 




 :(  




 Haha yeah it stays relatively cool here. The wind definitely helps 




 UC Santa Barbara haha I'll take the sunshine over the rain every day. 




 I feel. I grew up in Oregon but dipped tf out to go to school in SoCal. Fuck pnw weather haha 




 According to the article he was convicted of dealing crack cocaine and attempted murder under RICO. 




 You at OSU?  




 Bustin is one of the biggest *quality longboard brands out there 




 You can get a blank custom from bustin. Same price. 




 Do you like edm? The new galantis album is pretty fire.

https://soundcloud.com/wearegalantis/sets/pharmacy-out-now 




 I wonder if enough of the market is untapped that they could just raise the cost for new customers. 




 Doing mdma once a week is really bad for your serotonin receptors. You're supposed to wait three months between rolls. 




 Damn ben stiller skates surprisingly well. I would have thought that they had done all of the shots with him skating on flat ground. You think they gave him a bit of practice or he has some experience? 









 How long does it usually take Bustin to get a custom board out? When I ordered they said that the wait was 10 business days but I'm hoping that they will get it out sooner than that. 10 business days + 5 days shipping D: 




 I prefer bud over dabs all the time. Dabs hit you like a train and then it's all comedown for 90% of the high.  




 Dude the max for stat in oregon is like 5 years... Your friend did more than have sex with a 17 year old. 




 The same black box could be installed in a normal car but we don't do that now. What makes you think self driving cars will be any different? 




 Econ/accounting major here. Can confirm that math has been done correctly. 




 His point is that it works for Portugal because they're small enough that they can actually prevent drug smuggling. The US on the other hand is bordered by 2 oceans and 2 countries. We have a 2000 mile long border with one of the biggest drug exporters in the world. Comparing the US to Portugal is comparing apples and oranges. 




 You haven't been looking then.

http://m.pnas.org/content/109/40/E2657.abstract 




 Because marijuana doesn't actually cure anything. It alleviates symptoms. Stoner "activists" act like a couple puffs off a joint is enough to cure cancer but there is absolutely zero evidence that marijuana does anything but alleviate the side effects of chemotherapy. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for the legalization of marijuana, both recreational and medical, but people need to be realistic about the situation. It's not a miracle drug. So far there's no scientific evidence that points towards it being anything other than a potent painkiller and seizure drug. Acting like it's a miracle drug is only going to hurt the case for legalization when actual scientific papers come out. 




 That's in part because Portugal is actually small enough to effectively secure their borders from drug smugglers. 




 Did you sit on the water pallet and turn your board into an awesome rolling chair? 




 What kind? 




 Right but bankers are involved in finance and not the creation of goods. Inflation is the elevation of the prices of goods and services. It's realistic to think that companies will raise the prices of their goods to account for the increased production costs. That 28m figure is only for federal minimum wage workers. It doesn't include anyone making 7.26/hr or higher. 29 states have a minimum wage higher than 7.25/hr. I agree that people should be realistic about the pros   cons, it's not going to kill the economy if the minimum is raised to $15 but there will be consequences. I imagine that unemployment will go up quite a bit until the economy is strong enough to re-absorb those workers. 




 An 18 trillion dollar economy that's supported by a lot of outsourced labor. Mom and pop shops and local businesses are already struggling to survive competition with large corporations. Significantly raising their operating costs will kill a lot of those businesses. 




 3.3 million people make at or below federal minimum wage. For simplicity I'm going to say that all of those people make 7.25, although that's not the case. 3600000  7.75 = 27,900,000. That's not an insignificant amount. Especially when you consider that that's just for federal minimum wagers and doesn't include everyone making below  $15/hr. 




 High: finally out of school for summer

Low: i was skating in this park literally just 5 minutes ago and I hit something that just absolutely bricked me. Idk if it was dirt or rocks or what but fuck it hurt. Currently sitting in my car with bleeding knuckles, elbows, and knees. Trying to calm myself down a bit before driving home. Weird thing was that as I was walking away from the crash I felt like throwing up and I was seeing spots but I didn't hit my head. Had to lay down for a minute before walking all the way back to my car. 




 Ooohhhhhh all for 25? Well sheeiiiit I thought it was 25 each 




 If I recall correctly from my high school days, teacher aides are =/= to teachers in training, but rather are just people that exist to help teachers that have large class sizes. 




 That's what I thought haha had to make sure I didn't have an a deal to good to pass up in front of me 




 noice 




 noice  




 noice 




 Are those surf rodz? 




 Cheapest "good" downhill/slide deck? 




 Hahaha wtf 




 How tall are you? Maestro mini might work if youre comfortable with a smaller platform. 




 To date, reds w/ spacers + speed rings but I've only ever ridden those, some abec 5s, and muirskate beastos. I've got some zealous coming so we'll see how they are. 




 OnTrac only services west coast states so that might be why 




 Aight I know I've been posting a lot of random shiz lately but this actually seems kind of pertinent to the community. 

I was just looking at the tracking information for my latest muirskate order and saw that they're using OnTrac and not UPS or FedEx. I hadn't heard of them so I googled the carrier service and apparently 97% of their reviews on BBB are negative.... Anyone know why/when muir switched over? If I'm remembering correctly I think they used UPS last time I ordered something from them which was like 6mo ago. 

When I get my stuff I'll update about whether it was on time and arrived safely 




 But my steez  




 These jerks

https://flashback.as.ucsb.edu/2012-13/files/2011/05/2013-03-19_14-55-05_360.jpg 




 How do you guys go over those yellow devil bumps when youre using a short board? My campus has a ton of bike paths so they're everywhere. 




 I'll upvote ya brah so there's a start. Easiest way I've found is to go to /r/askreddit and sort by rising and answer the questions  




 :p 




 I don't understand how they decide when to post these threads sometimes it's noon sometimes it's 1am 




 Ole  




 Another Gaucho? 




 Order the deck from landyachtz and everything else from muir? 




 Sounds about right. The chicken is uncooked so you've got to cook it and slice it but then you've got 64 burritos worth of chicken haha 




 Ah I feel. Put weight on your front foot when you hit hills. The only time I really disperse my weight evenly is when I'm just cruising flatground. 




 Chicken breast is awesome. I go to costco and I buy 4lbs of boneless chicken breast at a time and it's only like $11 




 My Maestro comes next week!

P.S. FIRST, LOSERS! 




 Sounds like a solid setup. How new are you? Speed wobs can be a mental thing from overcorrecting. When I was first starting out I got speed wobs all the time, but now I can take my 27" Land Shark down some mellow-medium hills. 




 What is your setup?  




 That's fucked. 




 Yeah I drove by it. House was fully engulfed when I went by and the fire dept wasn't on scene yet. 26th and Jefferson. Scary part was that the flames were licking the trees so hopefully it doesn't spread. 




 $40 is a lot of money for most of this sub's demographic  




 The tug is really just designed to get you from point A to point B with a couple ollies on the way. Def not a slide or dh board.  




 I mean this website is reddit, eg reddit issues are a big deal on *this* website. Protesting and circle jerking about the NSA on *this* website gets next to nothing accomplished because most people here already have the opinion that the NSA is BS.  




 That's the point of his comment, comparing a problem to a worse problem doesn't negate the first problem. 




 reds with spacers and speed rings v zealous? 




 How dis it get under a bus? 




 If he's already well off he might be selling stuff at cost just to get people stoked on boarding. I can't really think of any other way he could have those prices 









 anorexic for a day lol you have to abstain from eating longer than that before some medical procedures. 




 Suicide by cop is a real thing that has been studied in scientific journals. The first official suicide by cop ruling was in the UK in 2003, but the phenomenon has been recorded by agencies as far back as the 80s.  




 I'm having trouble with my footbrakes. Been skating for a few months now but just decided I should probably get on that. I can foot brake with the balls of my feet but when ever I try to heel brake I either get off balance or end up walking myself to a stop instead of dragging my feet. 




 I mean OP did confess to dealing drugs on reddit so it shouldn't be too hard to prove. 




 I like hot mama's wings. The kamikaze wings are the hottest thing I've ever tasted. 




 Looks good.  




 For a full face you could probably just use a motorcycle comm system. Some of those are pretty sleel. I think Sena makes one that's almost wire free. 




 They as in the people you were talking about in your last comment as in the people running the ambulance service. 




 These particular people are being douchebags but your original comment cast a wider net. 




 Kind of but Judaism is less hostile towards nonbelievers than other religions. In Judaism they essentially believe that muslims and christians worship the same god but only the jews accepted the Torah. They believe that everyone should follow the 7 commandments, but there are certain things from the Torah that are only a sin if committed by a Jew. They don't look down on others so much as they hold themselves to a higher standard. 




 That's awesome! How do you like it? Do the flashbacks stick out too far or are they chill? 




 That's a good point. I thought about Kegels but 80mm seems like it might be too big. What about sector 9 cosmic core butterballs or orangatang stimulus?  




 Finally ordering my Maestro. What do you guys think of the setup for carving and commuting? Wheels are the only thing I'm a bit iffy on.

Maestro, Paris V2 50s, .19" Khiro drop thru pads (would .13 or .06 be better?), zealous bearings, 70mm Abec 11 81a amber flashbacks. I kinda think the grippings might be better but the flashbacks are cool looking and pretty cheap. 
























