 BARK BARK POW! Agent Dog has shot me straight through the heart. I am in love. Also, possibly dying. 




 I want a Gun Dog Series. Might I suggest some titles?

Agent Gun Dog- A Hero's Path.
Agent Gun Dog- To Protect and Serve.
Agent Gun Dog- Sentinel Against The Unknown.
 




 It seems like Latin, but I get "I will cut you?" I see others translating it as "I will kill you" and that makes far more sense. Lets go with that. 

Succubus maybe? Bit of advice, never give a ghost permission to touch your naughties. 




 I don't think there's much I can do- I have work and responsibilities just like everyone else...I'm sure it's just some subconscious thing. I hope so. I've never actually thought much of it, until it started getting close to the date. Your idea of it marking an event is really intriguing.  





























 Supernatural. I can remember when that show was good. Now I'm stuck because of some weird misguided loyalty I inexplicably fell, but I wish they'd let the show die with whatever dignity it has left. 




 I know this is super, super late, and please forgive me for my lack of articles and details, I was a small child when this happened, and It's not something my family talks about, also my searches on the topic haven't turned up anything (feel free to dig yourselves if you feel inclined.)

My Grandpa disappeared mysteriously. I don't know the exact year, and I'll try to give as many details as I can. 

My grandpa was career Navy. He married my nanny in the early 60's they moved around a bit, spent some time in Illinois, and a few other Midwestern places (my grandpa has family out there) and had my Mom and Uncle. Somewhere along the way they divorced, my grandpa moved to South Carolina, and Nanny went back to Virginia with Mom and Uncle. Grandpa continued to get the kids during the summer, routine divorce stuff. Grandpa remarried, all of my family (and his) don't seem too fond of his new wife, and think she's either (odd- the polite term i've heard or NUTS. The less polite term.) Years pass, Grandpa sends a few letters to Nanny, saying he misses her, he's sorry for the things he did, she's always been his true love, he hopes she can forgive him, and perhaps they can be a family again.

Not long after this my grandpa supposedly leaves in the middle of the night /wee hours of the morning to go 'fishing' on his boat. His boat is found crashed into some rocks, although his fishing equipment was left untouched at his house. They drug the lake where this happened and found nothing. It's probably worth mentioning that his new wife had friends on the local and state police force. The investigation seemed shoddy, I remember Nanny trying to submit the letters and such to no avail. A while later the NIS got involved (as I said Gpa was career Navy, retired with a high rank) and called the situation "suspicious" but nothing came of it. Grandpa was declared legally dead a few years later, I think.

Also, final weird tidbit, Grandpa's new wife started going out to her garden everyday and talking to it, and calling it "Bill's Garden." (my grandpa's name.) I think the general consensus in my family is that she or accomplices offed grandpa and buried him in that garden, and then her cop friends did a bare-bones investigation. I don't know, I believe I was 6 or so at the time maybe a bit older. If you want names and stuff I can give that, I left them out in case Reddit got angry for some rule violation. 




 I'm willing to eat food off the floor, but not lick a butthole. The world is funny, right? 




 I feel awful, but when I got to the line - 

"The worst image was a man covered in blood holding a huge grey goose bottle over his head like a gladiator as he beat one of the grooms with it. "

I laughed so hard I snorted because what I pictured wasn't a gladiator at all it was more like- https://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2wkp897rY1rprxkro1_500.gif

 




 A casual 'fuck you' from the state of Virginia.

Take that, Chicago! 

*disclaimer this account does not endorse poop bombs 
























 I still say that occasionally.  




 "Cool Beans." I am still embarrassed. 




 I ate so much treet as a kid. 




 [Bernie Sanders.](http://i.imgur.com/N09gd9Y.png) 




 Same. I loved it once upon a time and have fond memories of it, and now I feel grossed out by what it's become but I have a weird loyalty to it and it's like I'm trapped by it in a way. Oh, show. I wish they'd let you die.

It's so sad because they have unique ideas and characters that they never execute properly, or just kill off or write off in the most disappointing of ways. Things have such potential and then get wasted. 
























 I do this to Korean food, which is already spicy by most standards. There's just something about crying involuntarily into your food that makes the dining experience great. 




 Twilight, Entourage, Most Facebook games, GLEE FUCKING GLEE 




 Being quarantined on the ship. I hate ports that do that. 




 That the police arrested you for ripping the tags off of mattresses, talking back, and a host of other normal kid offenses.  




 I was in middle school in the 90's so....Tight, Hella, Da Bomb, Jawsome....I'm trying to think of some odd ones that may have been region specific... for some reason I said (and still say) "Splendid" and "indeed" a lot, but I also watched WWE as most 90's southern kids and "IN...DEED" was a thing, don't ask. "Velociretard". that one was made up by my group of friends to describe a certain kind of stick drawing I did of them with velociraptor claws. We had weird clique names also.  
























 I have an alter-ego named "Kyle." Kyle is a smarmy, sarcastic, charming, manipulative, asshole, but the kind that everyone wants to have sex with.


I am a girl, and my name is definitely not "Kyle." 




 I do this sober. I never thought to do it drunk, but I bet a boiled egg makes a great drunk snack. 




 I live my life by the fuck you, I do what I want. I'm a 30 year old woman, sitting in my bed, which is covered with Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles sheets, in my room, which is covered floor to ceiling in posters for everything I love which includes -

80's slasher movies, 
Kpop boy bands, 
Professional wrestling, 
video games, 
super heroes and giant robots-

I AM A GODDAMN ADULT I PAY MY BILLS AND SHIT I CAN LIKE WHAT I WANT 




 Raw is waaaay more fun to go to, and worth the money IMO. It's a very fun experience. 




 I'm a 30 year old woman and I do this as well. My girlfriend, My best friend and I will sit in my room, drink, and watch the WWE network until 3am with no regrets. 
























 Tom Cruise. 




 this makes me feel so much better..... 




 This is unrelated, but I've always wanted to thank you for giving me a safe place to work through my Feels after the Walking Dead on The Talking Dead. I once told a friend "it's Chris Hardwick's job to help us through the feels!" You're like a zombie guidance counselor, bless you. 




 FLAPJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK! 




 Oculus. I'm still angry. 
























 YES. OH GOD. I had forgotten this one till now. 




 I dislike that one too. Not hate with a fiery passion but really dislike. Why. Why is it played so much. 




 I have nothing against Hotel California. I don't know why she hates it. It's kind of what inspired me to post this, because I like seeing what weird things set people off. I also have a friend who hates the word "moist." In conclusion, quirks are neat and I just rambled a lot. 




 A friend of mine really really hates "Hotel California." To the point that she'd rather listen to static. I feel similarly about Taylor Swift's "Bad Blood." I've seen posts talking about favorite songs and classic songs, but I'd like to know about the songs you hate! 




 Nacho Crunch Grilled Stuft burritos. Holiday Spice Pepsi. My ex fiancee worked at the pepsi plant and we had cases and cases of the stuff. I should have appreciated it more. 
























 I'm what I like to call a 'recovering emetophobic, haha. I got extremely sick and it helped to ....desensitize me, I guess, but before that, I hadn't thrown up in 7 years. I read somewhere that Emetophobics learn to bypass the specific breathing pattern that lets your body know 'it's time to throw up' which I think may have some truth to it, because now even when I /want/ to throw up I cant. 




 Driving. I'm absolutely terrified to drive. I'm 30 and I've never done the thing. But. I'm working myself up to take my learner's soon.... 




 You too, bro! Be free in your love for T-Swift. She's cute and knows how to sell records, and that's more than I can say about myself, haha. :P (PS Trouble and Shake it Off are undeniably catchy and great.) 




 UGH I ALMOST INCLUDED THIS ONE IN THE MAIN POST. I dont hate it as much as Bad Blood but close. It's so, so grating and I have to hear it on the radio and then in commercials.  




 I hate it. I don't judge you for liking it but I hate it so, so very much. It makes me Hulk levels of angry. 
























 Holy shit. 




 Ashley as a name can go either way. Ash from the Evil Dead is an Ashley. 




 The urban legend of a body being in a hotel mattress was true, and happened here in my home state. Let me see if my wonky connection will let me dig up a link.

http://www.snopes.com/horrors/gruesome/bodybed.asp 




 YES. YES. I FUCKING. All my friends think it's hilarious too like I'm some sort of mutant. Recently, I went to go  visit my girlfriend and she gave her nephews balloons to play with /KNOWING/ they freak me out so I had to sit there in front of her family with my fingers constantly in my ears and yes, the little shits did pop them. 




 YES, THIS! Oh my god, I had no clue other people felt this way. We have these knives with wooden handles and I wont wash them and my roommate mocks me. I cant stand the feeling. its like even after I stop touching it I can feel it in my hand. 
























 I'd like to think I'm a pretty skeptical and rational person, and even though I'm interested and fascinated by all things creepy, more than once I've found myself thinking/saying to the TV "That's dust. That's caused by plumbing issues" etc.

But more than once, specifically in my childhood home, there were times I couldn't apply a rational explanation (even though I wanted to!)

Once, when I was about 18 and my younger sisters were 15 (twins) one of the Twins stayed home from school sick, and I was to take care of her while everyone else was at work/school. I made my sister a pallet of blankets and pillows in the living room floor, made her some lunch, and put on the TV (at a very very quiet volume) while I went into the kitchen to fold clothes. (our washer/dryer were behind a curtain in a recessed area of the dining room. It was an open floorplan house and everything branched off from the huge kitchen/dining room btw) While I was folding clothes, I was talking to our grandmother on the phone who says she's "sensitive"- I'm not sure about that, I know she exaggerates things, but she's a hell of a judge of character, and sometimes seems to know things she shouldn't.

Anyway, as I was folding clothes I FELT AND HEARD someone walk behind me, across the kitchen, toward the main door. The floor vibrated, and it made noise, like my dad walking in his workboots- but specifically him walking like he was angry or annoyed, so I looked back, and no one was there.

Then I realized, not only was no one there, but Daddy was at work, and my sister and I were the only ones home, and I know my sister didn't move, I could still see her from where I was standing. I ignored it, and continued talking to Nanny. It happened again and I looked behind me. Suddenly over the phone Nanny said "What's happening there?" and as I was about to tell her, I heard a really loud thud from the living room, and my sister jumped up and ran into the kitchen and yelled "SOMETHING TRIED TO STEP ON ME" in a rather hysterical tone. Now, I was creeped out. But my Nanny calmly said, over the phone in a loud tone, "Leave them alone." and nothing else creepy happened. (that day at least.)

I have to admit, I was pretty spooked, even though I tried to explain it away as 'knocking pipes.' I laid down in the floor with my sister and we watched "The jewelry channel" to bore ourselves to sleep.

TL;DR I was home with my sick sister when something or someone started stomping around, couldn't explain it, my grandma told it to stop over the phone and it did.
 









 It's too bad she doesn't have a name that can be easily alliterated with a word for hate. Good job, girlfriend. You dropped the ball AGAIN HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO WORK WITH THE LETTER K 




 No, you're definitely not alone, She's like that and my Dad is actually like that too, he laughs about it because they're similar. I mean, I can recognize when stuff is bad sure, but it doesn't occur to me to hone in on flaws in stuff that I like. I'm kind of glad though, its probably harder to enjoy stuff for people like y'all. 




 Yeah! Then she'd get internet famous for being THE GREATEST HATER OF THEM ALL. :P No though seriously, that's a good idea. 




 Discussing is fine, I actually like doing stuff like that, but mostly all she does is point out flaws in a negative way, and any discussion turns into an argument. There have been times where we discuss wasted potential though, or better ways it could have gone, and sometimes we end up having really good idea for stories or Roleplay through that. I just feel I dont know, stupid in comparison to her sometimes, because I just dont see the 'glaring' flaws in things like she does. 




 My girlfriend is so critical. OF EVERYTHING. "This movie sucks and this is why, This show sucks and this is why, this song, book, artist isnt that good and this is why, here is every fault you never new existed in everything you love, oh I didnt like that thing that was perfectly good- in fact it was so bad I couldnt even force myself through 30 minutes of it." Like. Really. It's everything. Even stuff she likes. She points out the faults. and with some of the stuff, its stuff I really like and she's just like "Oh that was so awful." I don't really /hate/ this about her, its just sometimes hard to deal with and sometimes I feel like I must be lowbrow or have low standards or something because I'm so easily amused compared to her. 




 CLUE fo sho. But there was also this electronic board game from the 90's with a magic wand me and my sisters used to play a lot.

Dont Wake Daddy is probably what gave me anxiety issues. 




 Skyrim. I'm still playing it. I'm a completionist and It's taken me this long just to get through all the side quests and factions. I hecked up real bad with the Blades, though and now am stuck with the Paarthunax thing. 
























