




 I dunno, that stud on the left has that Chris Farley thing going on. Pretty sure he's also a famous athlete. 




 I've seen them at my local Sports Authority. They seem nice enough with decent quality. It's hard to tell until you try them on and see how they fit and how well they grip.

I think people recommend the Addidas and Nike because it's what they know not necessarily because it's the best shoe.
 




 Depending upon what they are used for it might make more sense to put them on the inside.

Back when I was a kid loading UPS trucks in college we used to two those with our fingers just to mess with them. It made it look like the package was mishandled when it wasn't. 

When you make it obvious that you don't trust the people doing your work they will probably mess with you. 




 I am if you want me to be. :-) 




 You can still buy those on ebay. I think the memory of them is better than the reality. But everyone at school used to have one of those. 




 lol....That's exactly what being a dad is about.  




 Wow! You look fantastic! 




 Saw this a while ago and was really impressed. Thanks for sharing this. 




 Didn't Chris Hanson already do this? 




 I'm honestly not sure how you could say it was boring. It was predictable for certain. But it was certainly action packed.  




 Typically I'll do some back work like face pulls or rows. I also like doing some ab sets.

But as long as you're not taking up 10 minutes between sets who cares what you're doing? 




 Pacific Beach. It's in front of the Mossy Nissan dealership, I saw it last night on my way to the gym. I had to look twice. 




 It's not creepy if you just give advice then back off. You could say something like "I've done the same thing, what worked for me was to lower the hooks".

For the record, I back into the bar too depending upon the rack I'm using because I hate looking into the mirror. 
























 I'll have to look for Ripper Street. 




 I highly doubt it would be able to get a lucky shot. Modern tanks move and engage way too quickly. Even if a WW2 tank was lucky enough to surprise a modern battle tank it would not be able to fire quickly enough to engage. And no WW2 tank could take even a glancing blow from a modern 120mm. 




 I've been watching the BBC show "Copper". It's a good crime drama set in NYC during the Civil War. 

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2006374/

I watched the WWII drama "Generation War" and really liked it as well. It's a three part series with each episode running approx 90 minutes.

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1883092/

Both are avail on Netflix streaming.
 




 Congrats, great work!

What are your goals for 2015? 




 If that's the worst thing they find then you're doing well....lol.

Just never tell them the real story. Nobody wants to hear about how their parents tie each other up! :-) 




 I see what you did there..... 




 Some of those were really good. Nice find. 




 lol...no, not the Onion. Just a really poor law. 




 Nice ending. 














 It's OK to hate a lift. If you don't compete then don't do it. If you do compete then just accept that you're going to hate it. 




 According to the graphic it's from  Matthew White, "The Great Big Book of Horrible Things"

http://books.wwnorton.com/books/detail.aspx?ID=22362 




 That's a great frame of reference. It would be cool to see both superimposed somehow. 
























 Last post and I'm done discussing this with you. By the very definition it's not clickbait. 




 How is it clickbait? Clickbait is something that makes you click with the sole purpose of driving up ad revenue. 

THe article is from the Smithsonian Magazine which is hardly a clickbait site. 




 The story on plastic cells was particularly cool to me. At what point do we simply start replacing all of our aging cells with artificial ones? 




 The story on the plastic cells was really cool. Makes me wonder at what point are we simply going to replace all of our parts as they wear out. 









 The source for the boundaries seems to be this:

http://publications.newberry.org/ahcbp/downloads/united_states.html

 




 Stunning example. Yours? 




 Sorry, try this


http://movies.benschmidt.org 




 If you want to see how U.S. counties have changed over time then this is your vid. You'll need to show it full screen to really see the changes.

Most telling to me is just how fluid the west has been . I assume part of that has to do with population growth but I wonder what other factors there are. 




 Search for trends in the dialogue of thousands of movie and TV shows, based on subtitles from Open Subtitles
Bookworm is like a lot of other word frequency sites. But unlike most, it directly incorporates links to every text searched, so you can actually see what drives changes; and it lets you customize the corpus so you can exclude texts that aren't interesting to you. 
This particular instance looks at movies and TV shows. Genre, location and language information from the Internet Movie Database textfiles. Click to see the movies/TV shows where the matches are found.
For some caveats, explanations, and examples, see the accompanying blog post. 

It's interesting seeing the trend over time of words. For example I put in "horse" and "car" to see how the trend looked over time. Unsurprisingly the use of the word "car" has gone up and "horse" has gone down. 














 I still don't think that it could penetrate the side. Armor thickness only describes part of the characteristics of modern armor. Modern armor isn't just steel like tanks of old. 

If it hit the rear then I could imagine it could disable it.

But, as mentioned below, there's little chance of a WW2 tank getting the draw on a modern tank with it's sophisticated targeting systems.  




 I don't think that's true. The depleted uranium armor on the M1 has a a projected thickness of an estimated thickness of about 610mm. The 8.8cm KwK main gun of the Tiger I could only penetrate 138mm of armor at 100 meters. It could only penetrate 171mm at 100 meters. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M1_Abrams
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/8.8_cm_KwK_36

Edit, the Tiger II main gun could only penetrate a max of 202mm.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/8.8_cm_KwK_43 
























 According to this I should have been a hairdresser. Go figure. 









 Good neighborhood is relative. What are you looking for in a neighborhood? Same for gyms. Nice might mean something different to us. 




 Not everyone has a nice car and not everyone who has a nice car actually lives here. San Diego is a big place so it looks like everyone has a nice car. And don't forget that you can lease a Beemer pretty cheaply. 

Roommates definitely help and I know a lot of people who have them. You can find places pretty reasonably but you have to look around. You can find stuff on the beach for your $1k or less but you'll have to drive around looking for signs and check out craigslist. 




 Good stuff. Not enough people know of this band. 




 Cross posted from here:

http://www.reddit.com/r/InternetIsBeautiful/comments/2r3w62/watch_the_earth_live_from_the_iss/

It's too good not to share. 









 Wow, what a great find! Those images are breathtaking. 




 Nicely done.  The file copied fine for me. 




 How about a happy start to the new year?

 









 The Raid: Redemption both one and two go to 11. 




 Very nicely done. Upvoted. 




 I totally agree with you. I found it intolerable with the over the top message and terrible acting. I cannot believe that it got as high of a score that it did. 

It took itself way too seriously for me to consider it a "fun" movie. 
























 And that's the beauty of a bike. Cars try to be dicks but their efforts typically fail.

Unless they hit you of course. 




 The NSFW tag is integral to the joke though. 




 Oddly that's really good. Thanks for sharing. 




 Actually it looks like it was made for his hometown newspaper

http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Buchenwald_Samuelson_62779.jpg

I doubt that the Army would have made a poster such as this. 




 My Wrangler has the same thing. It's pretty cool. 




 Yeah, I was thinking that too. Maybe pulling from instagram and facebook? 




 He does this for a bunch of cities. Really cool. Any idea where he gets his data from? 




 Lol.... Well, it's neither a naked woman nor is it a random wiki article. No chance at karma....lol 




 Ha, no way I would have guessed that the best way for a female to get karma was to post her naked pics. I mean that goes against all common sense.....

I'm going to do my best but you know this post stands no chance right? 




 I can't imagine the guilt that he must feel for laying these. But he's saved lives by removing them and I hope that gives him peace. 




 Belts aren't there to be comfortable. There's nothing comfortable about them which is why they get put on for the lift and taken off right after.

I much prefer a lever belt to a prong. If you've got wraps on as well as a belt the last thing you want to do is struggle with your belt while the wraps are cutting off your circulation. It's just a lot easier for me to use a lever belt in general.

I've never heard anyone shatter a lever and would love to talk to the person who had this happen. 




 I wouldn't leap to that conclusion. The math was really simple and doesn't necessarily mean that most librarian's are named Julia.

This is a quote from their blog:
"Take Elvis, for example. There arent all that many Elvises out there, but a particularly high percentage of them are musicians. As a result, Elvis ranks high among musician names. Elvis isnt the most common name among musicians  thats likely to be John or some other very popular name. Whats interesting is that its way more common among musicians than you might expect, given how rare it is. In other words, its common in that profession relative to its overall frequency.

Fortunately, the math behind this isnt too complicated. Heres another example, this time with some numbers. In our sample of two and a half million people, a whopping 1.9% of Arnolds are accountants. Contrast that with just 0.55% of Shanes. Arnolds therefore appear to have a much higher tendency to be accountants than Shanes."

Here's the link to their blog
http://www.verdantlabs.com/blog/ 




 A follow up from on the "Top disproportionately common names by profession" discussion.

Sorry for the American slant. 





























 I would definitely agree with Cabrillo. From there it's an amazing view both west into the ocean and east into the city and beyond. I would probably drive around Sunset Cliffs too. Maybe grab lunch at Point Loma seafood or Mitch's. 




 You're doing fine. I'm 6'2, 235 but was about 218 when I did my first comp. Remember, at the amateur level you're competing against yourself first and foremost.  




 Surprise, surprise, another politician trying to capitalize on the success of others to further their own career. 

He should be ashamed of himself and this shows a true lack of knowledge of the military. 




 Yeah, ours always found ways to end up on our laps or in really tight spaces even though he was 150 lbs. 




 Hey OP, I also hosted a bot fly (well two) when we went to Belize. None of our local doctors knew what the heck it was. 

I had them in my neck. Could you feel them feeding? 




 I'm 6'2 240 and wear a Metal one. It fits well enough without being a thong.  




 Fantastic work man, keep it up! 




 1. Yes, when Android updates it's the same as with iOS only the notification is much more obvious.

2. Already answered.

3. I still root my phone but mostly because it's a hold out from my early days with Android when you had to root in order to get any features. But Android comes with a lot of features now and CM has even more than stock so I don't think you'll miss much. 

Of course by not rooting you can't install any custom ROMs but in my experience the custom ROMs are more buggy than the stock. Again, in the early days this was a good trade off because Android didn't offer a lot but now there's no reason to tolerate a buggy ROM. 




 http://www.apa-wpa.com/

On the right side there's a link called "rules". You can download them there. 




 It's always worthwhile to compete and especially if it's your first time. Don't worry about what your lifts are as the first meet is just about getting a total.

You would be in the 275lb class. 




 It's a German guy putting this together so he probably just doesn't know where to get all of the prices correct. I paid $350 for mine too. 




 I got a lot stronger doing madcow after stronglifts.

Don't forget that there's two variables at play. Volume is one of them but intensity is another. With Madcow you're mixing your intensity around while maintaining your volume. 

The truth is that you're going to make gains regardless of the program you choose simply because you're new at the game. 

Madcow (and other intermediate program) is really for when you've stalled at linear progression.

Oh, I would suggest that you man up a bit. This stuff never gets easier. I would go as long as you can with linear progression until it no longer works. Have you stalled on SL?
 




 Here you go!

 https://account.oneplus.net/invite/claim/GLCJ-R2ZI-ZFGA-HCYK.

I've replaced the 17th letter of the alphabet with the 26th letter of the alphabet.

If you don't mind just report back when it's claimed.

enjoy! 




 Very cool, thanks for posting!

You should also post this in /r/infographics 
























 I'm sure you could find it in BexMo. I live in Del Cerro and I'm pretty sure they carry it in KnB Wine Cellars. Are you not able to find it? 




 64 gig 

https://account.oneplus.net/invite/claim/GLJR-QCQA-NNQG-5VH1

https://account.oneplus.net/invite/claim/GLMD-EUJL-KXKS-XVSZ 




 Very sexy!

And thanks for using a decent camera! 




 Traffic isn't that bad. I work in Mission Valley but live just east of there and traffic isn't bad. I used to live in Little Italy and East Village and the traffic wasn't bad at all heading to work. It's nothing at all like LA or New York. 

Groceries aren't that bad and there are a LOT of small markets (shop in the Vietnamese or Mexican markets for cheap produce).

Don't forget that your utilities will drop. We don't need heat for most of the year (I think I've had it on once this winter) and you don't really need AC.  




 Something like that...lol 




 I've heard that there's this thing called a torrent and that there are places where you can download said torrents. 

But I would never do that myself. 




 Isn't this more of an ad than an actual infographic though? 




 This is really, really cool. It's probably been commented on already but it would be interesting to see this over the course of American history. 




 I don't want to live in a world where I can't drive. 




 Two 64 gig models

https://account.oneplus.net/invite/claim/GLRA-X1XM-ATTV-AIS?

? = J

https://account.oneplus.net/invite/claim/?LMB-9KWD-RAIQ-MB5O

? = G 




 Take it for what it's worth but I've had my lever belt for four years and it's not broken.  




 It says "native". I don't get it. 




 Wow, what a cutie! 




 He's surrounded by women after being surrounded by nothing but guys. Why is he not just grinning from ear to ear? 
























 Agree with the others about being able to live in almost any neighborhood for that amount. I would also look at East Village if you're looking for close to downtown. It's the neighborhood where Petco Park is.

Light rail is OK but not great. I know a guy at work who commutes every day from La Jolla into Mission Valley and he likes it. But it requires him taking a bus then the trolley. But if you live along the line it's OK.

I wouldn't necessarily look at Gaslamp just because it's so noisy and touristy but it's perfectly safe. I lived in Little Italy and East Village and both neighborhoods were nice. 

North Park is nice and is really hip. A different vibe completely than Gaslamp or Little Italy.

Traffic is nothing here. If you want to see traffic go to L.A. Although traffic along the 805 is pretty tight. But you're not looking to move down to the south bay or Chula Vista. I commuted from the downtown area for years and traffic was never really an issue.

I've been here 10 years now and I'm trying to think of what I wish I knew before I moved here. The only thing I would have done differently is spent a bit more time exploring other neighborhoods. I moved into Little Italy and pretty much stayed in that area for a while but I wish I had done more exploring.  




 It matters when you're trying to keep your 7 year old from learning the F bomb.

There's no need for profanity and it just shows ignorance on the part of the rider. And do we really think that we are going to change anyone's behavior by wearing that? 




 I love your website and use it to show the danger of creating correlations and assigning causality. Glad to see that you published something!

Congrats.
 




 I've lived in east village and liked it. The games didn't get that annoying as you don't need to be out when they are happening. Plus part of the charm of the area is being around people.

Comic con is way more annoying than the games from a pure crowd standpoint. 




 It would be interesting to see what happens if they tried the same search in multiple cities in each state.  




 There's a link to the data used for the graphic in the article. 









 Not what I was expecting. 




 Block Periodization by Vladimir Issurin
Science and Practice of Strength Training by Vladimir Zatsiorsky

Both are solid books about the science of strength training. Well worth the read. 




 What are your goals? Do you have a program or are you winging it?  




 Maybe it's because I live in California but that situation doesn't spook me at all. We pass cars like that all the time here. I think I saw the recommendation for just accelerating out of that and that's what I would have done too. 

No point getting aggravated over situations like that. Just hit the gas and be on your way. 




 This one definitely made me say "WTF". There's an american version too though although the man is not the center of attention. 









 So you've got no choice but to accept? Should the first choice say "regretfully decline"? 
























 Yeah, I think that races won matters not win rate. You can have a win rate of 100% and only compete once.

I'm not saying that he's not a good rider. But I don't think that he's the most talented rider. 




 Win rate doesn't matter really. Ago is the rider with the most wins followed by Rossi. 

The trouble with saying "talent" is that it's really subjective. Races won is really the only metric that we can use. And it's what counts in racing. 




 Define "talent". If you mean winning races then I think you're wrong. And winning races is all that really matters. 




 Where's the data? What does "best" mean? Muscle activation can be measured these days and I would prefer to see this list broken down by some sort of actual data showing how much more activation these lifts provide than their counterparts. 




 It depends on what you're trying to get out of coaching and what that coach can provide. Are you looking to learn how to program? Are you looking for coaching on your technique?

Don't forget that just because someone is strong doesn't mean they are a good coach.  




 I disagree. I'm in San Diego and I can be on pretty quiet roads in less than an hour.

edit: autocorrect 




 We seem to be on a good upward trend. Interesting (but not surprising) just how many breweries we had in 1873. 









 From the sound of it the horse was hers not some "random" horse if that makes a difference in your reply. 




 How come he slowed down instead of just accelerating through that?  




 My shins used to get pretty bloody but once I got better at my form they stopped bleeding. 




 I disagree. They just aren't passionate about racing and racing does nothing for them in terms of development. I imagine they see it as a waste of time and money to participate in racing. 

Which is a shame because their bikes definitely have the potential to do well. 

I don't think that Ape is tarnishing their image really. They aren't a well known brand and they are getting what they need out of GP by actually racing. They have proven that they can do the WSBK thing pretty well already. 




 Saw this parked in the parking lot at work.  





























 Not a really long video but a good reminder to keep your training your own. 









 That's also true. But even if was found to be true I would hardly call gaining 4.4 lbs "becoming fat". 




 I'm not sure I 100% agree with the headline. Gaining 4.4 lbs doesn't necessarily make you "fat". 









 I've got a 7 yo but I've always trained at night after he's gone to bed. Luckily he goes to bed about 7:30 so I can train without it taking too much out of my sleep. 

Make sure to make time for both of them though else there will be some resentment.  




 It's a very pretty graphic. I love that it's easy to read and I can tell that you thought out how to best present the information. 

I'm questioning how useful this data is though. California has a really high housing cost so of course the mortgage debt is going to be higher. It might have been more useful to show debt as a percentage of income.  




 I'm assuming he is at Pendleton? North or south? O'side isn't terrible and is cheaper than either Encinitas or Carlsbad. I would find something temporary in O'side then take your time to look around more to figure out what you want. 









 HBR often has some really good articles related to the business world. In light of the recent changes here I thought it would be appropriate to post this. It's an opinion piece but I think it's pretty accurate and probably nothing you haven't already thought of. 









 That will be a reverse commute do it won't be bad at all. You definitely don't want to live in Santee. 




 Are you working from home or commuting? Beach towns can be tough to get in and out of simply because there's typically only one or two routes of egress.

When you say close to the beach do you mean you have to live a few blocks away or are you OK with living farther. I lived downtown for several years (East Village - by the ballpark and Little Italy) and while not at the beach it was only a 10 minute drive. But then you've got to park which makes it a bit more of a hassle.  




 If you want to be by the beach then that's Ocean Beach, Pacific Beach, or La Jolla. All three areas have a different vibe but all are nice in their own way.  




 Could be a great deal or could cost him 5 times that amount. I'm a former 748 owner (and have owned several other Ducs) so am a fan of that series. But he should know what he's getting himself into. 

I believe that's a '98 if the tank and tail are original. The side panels most definitely are not which might mean crash damage. 

Was he able to test ride it at all? Start it up? Take it to your mechanic if you don't know how to check the valves but you'll want to check the rockers (although I'm not sure if the '98s had the flaking problem).

It's a really nice bike but we don't know just from that small picture if he did really well or not.

 




 I also typically don't like HD's but that is a really nice bike. You did an excellent job! 
























