 A metric fuck ton of nope.  




 Awesome story. Very creepy and I am definitely looking forward to the update. My only complaint is when you said 'my brother and I'. Every time I read it my eyeball twitched. I can't be the only one.  




 *internets 




 Got any weed on ya?
You'd be a lot cewler if you did.  





























 What's the story? 




 This is great. This needs to be a movie.  




 These comments are all focused on the animals. I'm sure she cares about the dog and cat more than any of us. They'll be straight. Dat update doe??!!!? 




 So I read your story then I read the other dudes story. Now I keep seeing oranges. There were two punk ass oranges in the street that I saw while driving home. There was a mark ass orange out front of my house. I'm going to throw away the jive ass oranges we have in the kitchen then I'm going to my moms.  




 WHATS IN THE BOX?!!!? 
























 Keeping your brain occupied.... Or Xanax  




 Where do you find this work of art? 




 Fapternal* 




 Double cream is in 2 creams or is it like a heavier cream?? Cuz I wanna do that to my next coffee.  




 Verbed the shit outa that bitch ass noun.  
























 It doesn't seem like there's a way out of this. What ever this thing is, it seems like it's in you already. I would say lie at your next interview but I don't think that would help. Keep us posted. Good luck OP.  




 Reaching a little there bud? 




 Yeah he's cute. Till he sets out to become the dragon ninja then all bets are off.  




 Dang  




 Dude. I'd still smash the hot chick. Just give a fake name and don't let the bitch tie you down.  
























 Gavin? 




 We demand a shrubbery!! 




 You right you right. Took a bit to click but I can dig.  




 Dude.... Good luck op 




 You mentioned the hooves after the fact. The first time you brought up the moon lit carpet you didn't say anything about the hooves. Not saying this makes the story less believable but maybe a quick edit would make it easier to read. I had to back track when you mentioned the hooves to see if you said anything about them earlier and it kinda threw off the flow if only for a sec.  
























 Where you from OP? Your lingo sounds like you're from my neck of the woods.  




 The feeling of being watched is not a sense. It is not observed by any sensory organs. That's like saying sense of humor is a sense.  




 I don't like you anymore.  




 Good luck OP 




 You're confusing sensation with senses. We have 5 senses that gather billions of sensations and retain that knowledge. You know where your limbs are when you can't see them because through your sense of touch you've learned that if you don't keep track of them, you will get hurt.  
























 Nah yo. Old bay isn't that chunky.  




 Canada ey? Baltimore here. Wanna be friends? 




 I'm just gunna leave this here. http://www.pappascrabcakes.com/Main/index.asp 




 We have a restaurant in my area that has the best crab cakes and I'm pretty sure they will ship them anywhere. Place called Pappas.  




 Most of the world will never know how awesome a Maryland style crab cookout is. It's a damn shame.  
























 She's beautiful OP and you guys look like you made each other really happy. I'm sorry for your loss.  




 You right you right.  




 No homo? 




 Ssssoooooo... You love her? 




 This story starts on a Friday. I got really drunk and stopped by Taco Bell on my way home. Never a good idea but that shit is blaze when you're hammered. 
The next day I couldn't leave my apartment because I couldn't leave the bathroom for more than 15 mins. It wasn't until about 4 pm that I felt safe to leave my place. 
I called my buddy Stevie B and we decided to go into the city for the arts festival. We packed a couple book bags full of beer and headed down for a few hours. 
On the way back to my place we decided to stop at the Burger King. Cuz we were drunk and that shit is blaze when you're hammered. 
Now I'm usually pretty shy. I'm a polite guy and I usually don't like to be the center of attention but for some reason  (I'm guessing the alcohol had something to do with it) I decided it would be funny if I farted on Stevie B while he ordered. 
As the lady read off his total I got into position. I backed up toward him until he was about a foot away, lifted my leg and pushed expecting to hear a fart followed by laughter. It ended up sounding more like a child blowing bubbles in his chocolate milk. 
The lady behind the register and Stevie both looked at me with the what-the-fuck face. I stood there for a second looking at both of them trying to wrap my mind around the fact that I just shit myself in a Burger King. After standing there for what felt like forever exchanging glances with the two of them I managed to spit out the words, "I'll be right back." and I did a penguin like waddle to the bathroom to finish what I had started back at the register. I had to ditch my favorite pair of boxers in the bathroom trash can. The damage was far to great to save them. They weren't just my favorite boxers. They were my lucky boxers. RIP Never forget. 
Anywhoo.. I must have been in there for a good bit because when I got out of the bathroom Stevie was just about finished with his food. I told him about having to leave my drawers behind as he finished up. He stood up, patted me on my back and said, "Well old boy. You win some and you lose some." Then he laughed really loud at me then we left. 

Never trust a fart. 

TL;DR Ate Taco Bell, got drunk and decided to try to fart on my buddy. Ended up pooping on myself.  
























 We just went on lunch break. When we walked past each other in the hall she said, "geev me a hug Yianni mou." We are very cool with each other. We just bicker a lot. We were more laughing at my stupidity.  




 I'm not going to deny that I'm a jackass as well as my manager but I just showed the post and your comment to Seva and she cracked up and asked me what was up your ass. We're like family where I work. Don't be such a sandy vag.  




 So this lady I work with named Seva is hella Greek. She speaks English with a heavy accent and a lot of the time if I say a word with more than two syllables she will look at me like I'm crazy and say "Whass dees means?"
Friday she was looking at her pay stub and kept asking me what does PTO mean. I thought she meant to say POT (paid overtime) but she kept insisting it said PTO. Even got a bit aggressive but we argue all the time so  used to her flying off the handle. 
My manager, who is also Greek but has an American accent, walks in and asks what all the commotion is about. I looked at him and said, "Nothing. Seva is just dyslexic as fuck." I expected her to not know what it meant and just give me a crazy look but instead she just went ape shit. She started by yelling "I'm not dyslexic!" Then went off in Greek for about 30 seconds just throwing insult after insult. I couldn't understand most of it because she was talking so fast but I did hear her call me a jerk off, tell me to go to hell and go fuck myself, then finished off by calling me a stupid American. 
Turns out dyslexia is a Greek word lol. And that pretty much how I found out that narcissist is a Greek word as well. 
My manager and I got a kick out of it. It's always funny when she gets worked up and loses her shit. 
TL;DR called a Greek dyslexic thinking she wouldn't understand. Turns out it's a Greek word. 
Seva and I are very close and she was not offended by what I said. We go back and forth like that at least twice a day but it's all love.  




 Loose ends were all tied. It was more of a cop out it seems. He said there was no Emily. Ties it up but definitely blows when she was pretty much the whole effing story.  




 Where da white women at?! 





























 Supa stah Shia LaBeouf? 




 Damn it OP!! I was hoping she was going to be some vampire or a crazy monster wearing human skin but nooo. Now I just feel bad for the little girl.  




 This is great. Only thing that killed me was the floor thing. If it's outside its the ground. Inside is floor. Awesome read. Just cringed every time I read floor.  




 Only one year ago?! Jesus bro. Nice work.  




 Maybe their was a zomeshift in the middle of the reading.  




 You are a good man, my friend.  
























