 Yes? 




 I watched the entire video and there wasn't any mentions of road accidents or how they reached that number? 




  The Guardian collated all the deaths from all causes, including road accidents, diseases etc. and multiplied them to predict how many will die building the infastructure for the world cup.

Where do you see this? I'm looking at The Guardian's articles and I can't find road accidents, etc. taken into account? 









 Yup. Now imagine an entire country and its media with the same censorship mentality. Welcome to Sweden. Where any criticism of extreme left-wing politics will result in the media branding you a disgusting racist, where you'll receive death threats and be forced to stay quiet. This is a major reason why beggars and criminals from around the world come here. Because they know that our dear extreme left-wing population will do anything to protect these criminals human rights and silence anybody who is against these criminals. 




 The post was very clearly about the beggars that came to Sweden. It's a very relevant topic for Swedes which was apparent based on the number of upvotes it received. 




 Don't worry about it. Hey, guess what, my post just got removed as well.

You've just gotten a first-hand impression of the idiocy that is Swedish political correctness. Talk about immigrants? Censored! I come from immigrant parents, and even I'm not allowed to talk about immigration because it's apparently racist. Go figure! It's only going to be a matter of time now before I'll get banned from here. Watch as the mods will claim that this post very post is racist. Don't even bother with this subreddit. 




 THAT'S the reason why it got removed? Are you just being sarcastic?

I'm a 2nd generation immigrant and if anything, discussions like those are NEEDED to clear the air. Nobody was riling up against immigrants. People were only talking bad about the organized criminals. 




 Something fishy is going on here. Your post didn't seem to be breaking any rules yet it was removed. I'd be really cool if the mods would be transparent here and give us some sort of explanation.

Generally, if your post is removed on reddit, it still shows up for you, but for everybody else it becomes a [removed] and it disappears from the subreddit listing. 









 It's too late to save Sweden I'm afraid.

Sweden is more worried about [the portrayal of women in video games](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/11/20/the-insane-swedish-plan-to-rate-games-for-sexism.html) and [the lack of ethnic minorities in children's toy catalogues](http://www.metro.se/nyheter/morkhyade-barn-saknas-i-leksakskatalogerna/EVHnki!MCHp6rkn5uAK2/) and to [help ISIS-fighters get therapy and jobs once they return to Sweden](http://www.svt.se/nyheter/regionalt/orebro/kommun-hjalper-is-krigare), to be caring about the growing number of beggars and all the other bad things going on in society. 




 Fedt at de bare bliver lukket ind igen.... 




 What did Dan say about tumblrs in the beginning? 









 I know this is probably a silly question...

I'm a guy. I don't really go out much and I've never been into that whole selfie thing. So I only have two recent photos of me.

How do you feel about a guy with only 2 pictures in his profile? 




 Source: http://ekstrabladet.dk/nyheder/samfund/skole-tvang-muslimsk-elev-til-at-smage-svinekoed/5556877

An educational center for cooking in Holstebro in 2010 broke the equality law, when they insisted a muslim student should taste the pork that she prepared.

The court has come to the conclusion that the school must pay the student 40,000 kroners ($6,000) in compensation for lost education. She stopped at the school after she was told to taste the pork.

The 24 year old woman came to Denmark from Libya as an infant, and she is muslim.

When she started studying at the school to become a nutrition assistant, she knew that pork would be part of the foods in the curriculum, but at the school she was allowed to skip the pork.

In the summer of 2010 the administration for the education applied new rules which dictated that students must taste the food that they cooked.

When the student refused, she was summoned by the school to talk about the incident. Here she recorded the conversation.

During the conversation she was told that the teachers agreed that you must taste the food that you cook but that you don't have to swallow it.

Furthermore she was told that if she refused, it would have an impact on her education.

The day after, she stopped her education and filed a complain. She insisted that she was treated differently due to her religion.

The court agreed with her and ordered the school to pay her 75,000 kroners ($11,200) in compensation.

But the school defended itself by saying that the student was absent a lot of the times from her classes and that was another reason why she was summoned that day.

A higher court ruled that her absence from classes had no consequences for whether she was treated differently, and ruled that the compensation should be 40,000 kroners ($6,000) instead. 









 Because it took place in Sweden. 









 "I don't like your politics so I'm going to silence you"

Where do we see this kind of behavior now and in the past? 




 Godt s. Nste skridt er at forbyde anal sex da det ikke er godt for numsen og Dan kan ikke lide det, derfor skal ingen have anal sex i Danmark. 




 Cool. 
























 Compare it with the number of deaths of other nationalities and it should be clear whether the numbers are BS or not. You haven't necessarily disproved The Guardian. 









 You know how you can go today and qualify for the NWC next month? I was at the Torrance one and I saw Arin, Dan and Ross there.

We were a ton of people standing in line to try our luck and qualify. I had waited for like an hour and there was maybe only 6 people in front of me. Suddenly Arin, Dan and Ross come walking past us all. It was some kid who was playing, maybe around 13 years old. Arin just walks up to him and pushes him to the side. We're all yelling wtf at him and one guy quickly comes up to him and tells him to back off. But Arin just faces him and says:

"Don't you fucking know who I am? I am fucking egoraptor. Internet celebrity extraordinaire. You do not fucking talk to me like that."

The guy was just looking at Arin completely puzzled. I wanted to say something since I was obviously the only one who actually knew who Arin was but I decided not to.

Then Arin was like "What the fuck is this garbage anyway?"

And he like looked at the 3DS and then yelled "Yo Ross check out this kid's shitty score."

Ross looked and then started laughing and said "Do you HONESTLY think you can qualify with that score? Are you fucking serious?" while looking at the poor kid.

At that point more people came to get them out of there and one of the men tried to grab Dan's arm and Dan pushed him away. He had this really mean look on his face and he was wearing sunglasses. He then took off his sunglasses and looked at the guy that had approached him and he said:

"Uhm... You may not recognize me as I was wearing glasses. I wrote an Internet song about dinosaurs and lazers in 2010. I'll escort myself out."

Then him and Arin and Ross walked together with Ross still laughing at the poor kid. I then saw them walking up to a car that was parked in a handicap spot and then they drove off.

Man, what the fuck is wrong with them? 




 See, that's what I noticed too among my Iranian friends. I always wondered why they'd mix more with Danish people (not that that's a bad thing at all!) compared to Arabs and Chinese who tend to stick to their own kind. I've asked some and they explained vaguely that they don't like other Iranians which I thought was strange.

Why do you think Iranians don't like to stick together? 




 I see. but is it then really true that all of the Iranian girls are bitchy/entitled? From my experience that doesn't seem to be the case. 




 Yeah I'd definitely hook up with an exotic chick too if I met one, nothing wrong with that. It just rubbed me the wrong way when the two girls that I've met said they'd exclusively date Danish guys. I mean, as much as I like exotic girls, I wouldn't reject a Danish girl simply because she was Danish. I don't know if those two girls are just a rare example or if this is something cultural that many Iranians feel. 




 I've never seen an Iranian woman date an Iranian man in Denmark though. I notice that Arab women always date Arab men but I never see that being the case with Iranian women. Is it something cultural? 




 That's very cool. Yes, Iranians seem much more integrated. Why is it that some of them date white men exclusively though? I've met two Iranian girls who said they only date Danish men. Is it because Iranian men don't treat them as good? 




 Kilde til den verste paragraf? Statistik over successrate? 




 So in that episode, they talked about how funny it would be if the announcer was sarcastic in his comments.

In Wave Race Blue Storm you can unlock a mode with a sarcastic commentator:
http://youtu.be/G-QfJ1jsmag 




 Er der nogen kilder som du kan henvise til som viser at det har en positiv indflydelse? Statistik? 




 Og hvordan skal man s hjlpe ham? 




 Is it true that the majority of Iranian women prefer Western men? All of the Iranian girls in Denmark seem to only go for Danish men. 




 Shabadibadab babadibadibub shabadiba 2 players dabadabadab JonTron dabadabadabadib daba Grumpcade 




  There are adults out there exploiting these stupid kids

What do you mean? Are you implying that ISIS fighters are going door to door in the UK and recruiting the kids?

Don't be naive. The only way these kids could get in contact with the ISIS fighters and be recruited is if the kids themselves actively seeked them out on Twitter and other places. These kids already knew about the rape and murders and they still got in contact with ISIS fighters to help them get there. They were already motivated to join the ISIS before they even got in contact. There's nothing innocent about them. 




 How does supporting genocides and the brutal rape, torture and murders of innocent people, including kids, compare to spending a few weeks in school detention?

If yoy were to do those things on school property, you'd be serving life in prison. 




 What's a good pick-up line? 




 Why are people so obsessed with changing the genders in video games? 




 I love how in the /r/arabs subreddit, they're all whining that reddit is being racist for pointing these things out. 




 "The West" consists of the people living there. 




  I also love that the pressure is not on Qatar to actually reform it's laws

Uh, yes? That's because last time the West tried to interfere in the Middle East, Arabs got angry and told the West to mind their own business.

Now the West is starting to mind their own business by not putting pressure on Qatar and interfering with another Middle Eastern country, but instead putting pressure on an organisation based in the West (FIFA) and now you're complaining that the West is not interfering in Middle Eastern politics?

Basically, the West is damned if they do, and damned if they don't. Now isn't THAT just fucking convenient? 




 Does that mean me and my ex might still be together in reality? That she never cheated on me? Damn, now I'm starting to get really excited if this is just a dream. 
























 Hvem er undersgelsen blevet bestilt af? Hvad er referencerne til artiklen? http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1741-3737.2009.00678.x/references

Hvordan ved du helt prcist at denne undersgelse er upartisk? 




 Links til upartiske artikler, tak. 




  Det gr sgu lidt ondt nr folk siger at min sde veninde og hendes kreste

 Nr folk som Pia smider sig rundt med uvidenskabelige angreb

Findes der videnskabelige upartiske artikler som sttter op om at brn fr den samme opvkst om s deres forldre er heteroseksuelle eller homoseksuelle? 




 Jeg hader serist nr folk bruger deres egen enkle situation som en generelisering for resten af landet. Og hvad s hvis din kreste er universitetsstuderende? Det er tydeligt at dette er langt fra normen for familiesammenfringer generelt. At s der findes enkelte situationer som din kreste hvor det er get godt er ikke enbetydende med at familiesammenfringer er en gevinst for Danmark i alle de andre tilflde.

rgerligt at det skal g ud over de udlndinge som vil Danmark godt, men man bliver ndt til at se p det store billede i hele landet istedet for at se snvret synet at "Jamen, min kreste klarer det godt, derfor klarer alle mennesker igennem familiesammenfringer sig godt". Det er da simpelthen et latterligt argument. 




 Folk tror hele tiden at jeg er muslim pga. min hudfarve hvilket egentligt er forsteligt nok da de fleste med en mrk hudfarve i Danmark er religise.

Jeg synes dog desvrre at det gr det lidt svrt at mde piger da jeg har hrt at mange danske piger foretrkker at date en person som ikke er religis. Jeg har endda set enkelte dating profiler hvor de skriver at de ikke er interesserede i visse religise grupper.

Hvordan kan jeg diskret gre en sd pige som jeg mder ude i byen opmrksom p at jeg er ateist? Det virker lidt akavet at bare sige det fra starten af men vil ikke delgger nogen chancer bare fordi de tror jeg er religis pga. min hudfarve. 




  if we repatriate them

Riiiiiiight, as if that is going to happen. A lot of them will get a Swedish passport after a few years, then receive benefits from the government while spending most of their time watching Al Jazeera at home (remember, telling them they need to get a job is racist - http://www.dr.dk/Nyheder/Politik/2015/03/22/165901.htm) and going on vacation to their home country where they supposedly were persecuted.

http://da.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pal%C3%A6stinenserloven 









 Probably going to get downvoted but I would not have interfered. For all that you know, one of their husbands were standing to the side and if you interfer he'll start attacking you or even worse might have a knife on him.

I've read many stories these past years of people interfering in fights or robberies, only to get beaten up or even killed. It's the sad truth. 




 That's how one of my ex gfs broke up with me. The same day we were talking like always, joking, etc. absolutely nothing about her seemed different. Then a few hours later, no reply. Then after I message her a few times I get blocked. Never got any explanation.

The worst part about it? In the beginning of our relationship she told me she broke up with an ex by simply ignoring him. 




 Amazing song!! Thank you so much Dan, you're so awesome!! :) 




 They're my favorite band and I know that Dan likes rock so.... 




 Honestly, this is fucking with me so much. To the point where I'd be willing to travel 5000 miles to their next panel just to ask him this question.

Does anyone know what his favorite red hot chili peppers song is? Has he mentioned them in any videos? I want to know so badly, it has been almost two years now :( 




 That's why you use a mute button. 









 Hun er sd. 




 Tja alts nogle feminister pstr at det primrt er kvinderne som bliver udsat for vold i hjemmet s var nysgerring i at se hvordan de er kommet frem til det udsagn. 









 No voice chat has pissed me off. How exactly do you play strategically when you can't communicate with your team? You're basically just running around shooting the walls and grounds. At least with communication, you could add a whole new element of strategy to it and discover new strategies and whatnot but without voice chat, it's just redundant spray and pray.

Tbh, I've already gone back to Smash Bros. 




 When a girl has a weird attraction. For instance, I saw this video of a girl who was dendrophiliac and it was a huge turn on for me. 




 I'm so happy to have Dan in Game Grumps. He is just a really inspirational person and I'm so glad to know that there is a person like him out there. He has honestly made me happiest the most out of all the Grumps and he is truly my favorite. 


































 Hvorfor i helvede kbe klamt dansk lort nr man kan kbe lkkert Amerikansk istedet? 




 Betal 200 kr. om mneden for DR eller betal 200 kr. om mneden for Netflix + HBO som ikke har reklamer, du bestemer selv hvad du vil se og hvor du vil se.

Svrt valg. 









 Nej. 




 Det gr ellers fint nok for Storbritannien. 




 Det er s rigtigt. S kan man vre prventiv og ikke lukke a mange ind i fremtiden. 




 I never understood why Scandinavia is considered the "happiest place on Earth". I spent six months studying in USA and I felt more happy there than here in Sweden. 




 Der str i passet hvor de er fdt.

Er de fdt i Danmark s har forldrene et oprindelsesland. S der har du et svar p hvor de skal sendes hen. 




 Hvorfor er det billigt sluppet? Er det fordi de er indvandrere? 




 Sigh

Mske du burde lse om hvad det vil sige at information er partisk og upartisk. Jeg kan lige nu finde en masse videnskabelige artikler om at homoseksuelle par ikke burde have brn men jeg gr det ikke da allesammen indtil videre har vret upartiske. P samme mde som at den artikel du gav mig var upartisk.

Du kunne evt. sprge dine 2 phd studerende om hvad det vil sige at vre kildekritisk. Har ikke mere at sige til det. Held og lykke og have en god dag. 




 Hvis det skaber et ekstra lag af komplikationer for brn s er det vrd at tage det med. at du ikke kan kontrollere dine flelser er s noget andet.

Det er op til dig om der er mere at snakke om eller ej. Men nr du skyder blankt og pstr at andre ikke bruger videnskabelige argumenter, s burde du nok selv vre forberedt p at argumentere for dine egne holdninger via videnskabelige artikler, medmindre du gerne vil fremst hyklerisk. 




 Bevisbyrden ligger hos begge parter. 




  Og nr folk kommer frem og siger de ikke har er det ogs vrd at tage i betragtning. Hvis du kan vise nogle "upartiske" undersgelser der viser det er vrre er du velkommen.

Det ndrer ikke p at der har vret nogen som kom frem og sagde at de har lidt skade.

 Og hvor er dit bevis for at homoseksuelle forldre ikke er lige s gode?

Jeg har ikke sagt at homoseksuelle forldre ikke er lige s gode. 




 Arin's butt. 




  man kan sagtens referere en artikel for at pointere hvor uenig man er.

Det er ikke tilfldet ved de to personer som jeg har nvnt tidligere, hvis du kigger artiklen igennem.

 Jeg ser ikke helt sammenligningen. /u/Maybestof siger ikke at alle familiesammenfringer er positive fordi hans er. Han siger at reglerne er en kse, hvor der er brug for en skalpel.

Hvis der er folk som kommer frem og siger at de har lidt skade af at vokse op med homoseksuelle forldre, s er det vrd at tage det i betragtning.

I sidste ende er brnenes velfrd vigtigere for mig end forldrenes ret til brn. 




 This is my main account. 









 En referenceliste er en liste over de argumenter/data/citater som man bruger til ens undersgelse.

 Lad os nu ikke blande anekdoter ind i det.

S vil du mske ikke have noget imod at argumentere for min sag mod /u/Maybestof herinde:

https://www.reddit.com/r/Denmark/comments/3af8k3/jeg_er_alts%C3%A5_ikke_racist_men_vi_bliver_n%C3%B8dt_til/csck2cq 




  er en der er enig med dig?

Og hvad er det helt prcist der er min holdning indenfor dette omrde? For jeg er rimelig sikker p at jeg ikke har ytret mig omkring min egen personlige holdning.

Jjeg lavede en stikprve p 2 af de personer som der blev refereret til og begge tilhrte LGBT organisationer. Hvad er sandsynligheden for at der ikke findes en 3. i den liste? Hvis man har partiske referencer i sin undersgelse, s bliver ens konklusion ikke ligefrem upartisk. Det er da logisk nok.

Desuden findes der ogs mennesker som er vokset om med homoseksuelle forldre som har fortalt at de nskede at de havde en mor og en far istedet:

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3001703/Another-mom-never-replaced-father-lost-Woman-raised-lesbian-moms-comes-against-gay-marriage.html 




 Jeg siger at de referencer som de bruger til deres undersgelse, er taget fra folk som har rdder fra LGBT organisationer som jo vel ikke er upartiske.

Her er der en komplet referenceliste:

http://faculty.law.miami.edu/mcoombs/documents/Stacey_Biblarz.pdf 




 At de ikke har rdder i LGBT organisationer ligesom at en person som er medlem af Christian Organisation of Family Values heller ikke vil vre upartisk hvis de kom ud og sagde at brn af homoseksuelle par var drligere stillet. 




 Nu har jeg s gjort dit dirty work, og fundet frem til referencerne i artiklerne.

Sjovt at personerne som der er refereret til, s som Sharon L. Huggins, Theresa Gramlich, osv. har rdder i visse LGBT organisationer.

Igen m jeg gentage mig selv: Upartiske undersgelser, tak. 
























 Dari er sdan set stadig farsi. Det ville vre det samme som at sige at man i USA snakker amerikansk istedet for engelsk. 




 Mine forldre kom fra mellemsten til Danmark i midten af 80'erne. De fik specialundervisning og lrte dansk efter nogle r. Der har vret rigeligt med ressourcer for drabsmanden og hans familie til at lre det danske sprog.

Kan ikke udtale mig om din historie. Mske din lrer kontaktede kommunen og skrev sig p at hjlpe dig med at lre dansk s du ikke behvede flytte skole?

Danmark har altid haft et integrationsprogram for udlndinge til at integrere sig og lre det danske sprog. 




 Ja, det var der. Jeg er samme alder som drabsmanden. Da jeg gik i folkeskole var der en gut som kom til Danmark fra England. Efter 1 r kunne han kommunikere uden problemer. Efter 2 r talte han flydende dansk, som var han fdt her.

Der er ingen undskyldninger for at man efter 22 r i Danmark siden man var 3, stadig taler s drligt dansk at man har brug for en tolk. Det er drlig integration. 




 Der findes special undervisning p skolerne til 2-sprogede brn. 




 Tvivler p at en folkeskolelrer ville skifte over til engelsk i undervisningen. 




 http://ekstrabladet.dk/112/forsvarer-kamillas-drabsmand-er-velintegreret/5631578

"Han har en datter og familie i Danmark. Han er velintegreret, han har fine papirer fra sin ungdomsskoleuddannelse, han har danske venner og kolleger fra sit arbejde p Frslev Tr, siger Erbil Kaya."

http://ekstrabladet.dk/112/nu-taler-kamillas-drabsmand/5621594

"Selv om den afghansk fdte Samayullah har opholdt sig i Danmark siden tre-rs alderen taler han s drligt dansk, at han er ndt til at have en tolk at sttte sig til." 
























 Ah okay, gotcha. Jeg tror mange er forvirrede over det da det er 18 r i USA. 




 S en person p 40 kan have sex med en person p 15 uden det er strafbart eller hvordan? 




 S er det da godt at vi har s fine initiativer som fremdriftsreformen som hjlper de studerende med at f en meget bedre ingenirmssig uddannelse med rig mulighed for erfaringer indenfor virksomheder ved siden af deres studier.... N nej, der skete s det modsatte. 




 Jeg har altid troet at hvis man som voksen har sex med en person under 18 s var det strafbart men s forstr jeg ikke hvad den seksuelle lavalder s betyder? Betyder det at en voksen godt m vre i et forhold med en over 15? 




 Why do you hate it? 









 I go to a University in Denmark. Our school recently made an article about a recent paper from Saudi Arabia that was filled with errors and made up sources. I've heard many of such stories in the past. I'd say they definitely aren't on the same level as Western students. And I'm not just basing that on the students. I'm also basing that on the fact that their university would even publish a research like that internationally without even doing basic things like checking the sources.

I think that's a really big shame for those other students in the region who want to do good and don't want to cheat. 




 Proton Jon, NCS, and Chugga for guest grumps. 




 *circlejerk intensifies* 




 If anything I think this makes it more sad. It must be really scary to not have a safety net and the consequences it might have, like losing your house, not being able to pay the bills, food, etc. 




 Det er jo slet ikke fordi at de studerende er nglen til Danmarks fremtidige velfrd eller noget. 




 So a private company is allowed to refuse black people? 
























 I'd probably pick Megan Salinas. 




 I am banned from /r/offmychest for complaining that criminal foreigners who come here only to do crime, are giving the rest of us minorities a bad reputation. Apparently, that's racist to say. 









 I don't know. We should probably ask him. 




 Here's another advice: Live in the USA where all the girls on this subreddit are from as well. 




 I live in one of the largest cities in my country yet tinder constantly shows me girls far away like 20+ miles outside of my city. I've tried to set the distance to 10 miles in settings yet it still shows me people 20-30 miles away. 




 Well it's always hard to give a transliteration, especially when the Swedish "j" is unique from many other languages like English. When it comes to the "j", I usually pronounce it like an "i" so that was why I added it.

In my opinion all 3 transliterations can be correct. Really depends on what type of dialect you refer to as well. But it's not like I meant for this post to be something insanely serious anyway. :) 














 Hjem-Is er racister!! De ngter at slge til indvandrere!! (sarkasme) 




  Even historically the Islamic empires did not favor forcible conversion (the European Christians were all about that though).

It's like you've never opened a history book before. 




 Norway and Scandinavian countries in general are very great to live in with lots of security.

As a Danish person who has lived all his life in Denmark (which is pretty much the same as Norway) I can say that I've thought many times about moving away from Scandinavia, especially to the US.

Yeah, it's true that statistically speaking Scandinavian countries might be superior to the US, but I feel that in the end personal subjectivity plays an even bigger part. Some people will love Scandinavian countries, others will hate them. I'm not too fond of Scandinavian countries.

My biggest pet peevees about my country is that people are very cold and not open to meeting new people. When I studied abroad in the US it was very easy to talk to new people or even other people coming up to you and talk to you. I never really felt alone there. In Denmark though, it's a constant battle with loneliness because people prefer to keep to themselves.

I also dislike the socialist aspect of Scandinavian society where almost half of my salary goes to taxes. I mean sure, it gives us free education and healthcare, but that also means that our education and healthcare has zero flexibility and is in total control of the bureaucracy.

But those are just my personal opinions. You should come here for a few months and experience it for yourself. Maybe you'll love it, maybe you'll hate it. I've met both people who love this place and others who hate it. 




 Sweden would probably support this. They need all the land they can get to take in as many refugees as possible. 




 I thought we agreed on boycotting FIFA? Or did we stop caring after two days? I fucking hate you people. 




 Maybe the way he said it was really stupid, but I agree with him in that we should focus on getting good immigrants who are able to do jobs we need and make sure people who have a long crime history never get allowed in. 




 I don't CTRL V but I've seen many people here do that which is why I pointed it out.

Throughout the time I've spent here I've tried short messages, long elaborate messages, jokes, serious messages, etc etc.

I just feel like IRL makes it much easier and gives a better chance at success. At the very least people who don't have much success here should give a local party a try and actually talk to a girl when they're there. They also won't have to xompete with hundreds of other guys trying to get her attention at the same time like here on r4r. 




 I actually disagree. When you message a girl here, you're competing with hundreds of other guys messaging her at the same time.

When you walk up to a girl irl you have 2-5 min of her attention to advertise yourself and with a little practice that can easily be turned into 30 minutes or 1 hour which can be turned in to a date with practice. 




 I can see the appeal if you travel a lot. I just think that there are people who are static though and might be better off stopping with the online searches. 




 I agree with all your points. That's also why I think that it's better to just go out and meet people. I feel like you're able to show more of your qualities in person than just based off text ans maybe my texting is so boring that I was better off staying away from it.

If just one person decides to go out and meet people instead of spending another night on r4r I feel like my post has been worth it lol 




 For some disabled people or others in special situations this place can be great.

But I think that there are still many people who would be better off not spending energy on services like this. I feel that many people like me think that this is a much easier and effective way of meeting new people. Why spend half an hour getting ready and then spend money going to places and having to deal with body languages and all other pressure at parties when I can just sit at home half naked in my bed with a bag of doritos and CTRL + V a bunch of messages to people on r4r?

I feel like some people like me just needed to grow some balls and just go out and do it and realize it's not really that bad out there and that it can be much easier just talking to a girl than sitting at home hitting f5 wishing you are one of those lucky guys that hit jackpot and gets to have a 1 hour chat with a girl until she gets bored and stops responding back. 




 Kinda. I'm upset that I didn't do this a year ago instead of spending hours looking at r4r posts lol 




 Honestly, no offense to the mods here or anyone loyal to this subreddit... But after having spent a year here and haven't gone past a 1 week conversation, I feel like I can conclude this is a complete and utter waste of time.

It's one thing to never receive a reply from someone that you message. That's just how it is. But I feel like the biggest kick in the nuts is when you have a conversation going and after a few hours they stop the conversation. It happens way too often.

About a month ago I wen't out with my friends instead to a party. Something I rarely do. I manned up and decided to go and talk to a girl there I thought was cute. Guess who has had a girlfriend for a month so far?

My point is there are so many better and imo easier ways to connect with somebody else. I feel like this has been a complete waste of time and I've gotten nothing out of it yet had I jusy focused my time and energy other places like local parties, I'd have been better off.

Sorry about this little rant. Just feel like this whole online relationship and friendship things are the worst. Good luck to anyone out there still searching. 
























 Maybe he was lesbian. 




 What's it like knowing they might even use the same supermarket as you? 









 Well, they supposedly have 250000 subscribers already so it does seem like they have happy customers.

Technical problems happen with every service. Lots of people have problems with Netflix for instance while others don't. It's just part of the modern world. I wouldn't call Sling a "terrible business" since that would qualify Netflix and HBO Go as terrible services as well since at one point I've had weeks of problems with their services too. 




 I'd probably ask something extremely uncomfortable like "do any of you masturbate to lesbian porn?" just to see their reactions. 




 If you go to /r/netflix or /r/televison a lot of people claim that the only reason they still have cable is because of sports. Sling is a perfect substitute for them. They can cut their monthly cost from ~$100 that cable costs to just $20 and stream their sports. It's a good service for some people. I just don't think that the Game Grumps audience is the right group to advetise this too. 




 Well yeah, like I said, adding it only to sling was dumb because not everybody is going to be interested in it.

The point of my post though was just merely to explain how Sling could be appealing to many other people and that the $20 gives you more than just Table Flip. Being able to stream ESPN is actually a huge deal for many cord cutters since previously that wasn't possible without an expensive cable subscription. 




 Some people don't like cable but still want to watch sport matches or the news the old fashioned way.

I mean, this is a good alternative for them. 




 You're not their target demographics. They are targeting cord cutters. 




 From my understanding, the $20 gives you access to live TV from networks like ESPN, ABC, A E, etc. which is much cheaper than cable TV.

I can totally see the value in the $20 if you're into sports and live TV but prefer streaming it and not pay for cable.

However the addition of Polaris+ and thus Table Flip is really stupid imo. 









 Er min navle vk? 




 They've made several videos. Since you can't be bothered doing a 2 sec search on Youtube, here they are:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayd-e3DZI9s

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qF71bp1yZzM

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YeB0NucfXk

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbnsrIMfn2U

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxeM08qvTlU

Their last video was only 3 months ago, not 2 years. 




 Jeg prvede match.com men der var ikke rigtigt nogen i 20'erne s valgte at deaktivere min profil derinde. 




 Synes bare ikke jeg fr srligt mange matches s vil gerne supplere det med noget andet. 




 Du m ogs gerne komme med forslag til andre tjenester som du ikke ndvendigvis bruger. 




 Og hvad er s den forrige generation som frte til den konomiske krise som er grunden til at de unge har det svrt med at finde arbejde? Generation Spader? 









 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YeB0NucfXk 




 Games are still listed at the same coin-price. So if you listed it as 10 coins, it's still 10 coins. However because of the price change, your game is now worth $7.5 as opposed to $10.

Also here is one of the videos where they advertise about the website: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YeB0NucfXk

I have no idea if they're still affiliated with them or not. 




 So now a coin is worth $.75 instead of $1 even though it still says $1 on the website. Many members have because of this lost money because their coins are now worth less. Somebody even tried pointing this out and got banned from their website.

Just putting this out there as a warning to any lovelies out there about this shady website. 




 Lucky. Wish people would talk to me so I didn't feel so lonely. 
























 Betyder TTIP at jeg kan handle varer fra USA p internettet uden at skulle betale moms og skat? 




 Nej, dette er ikke en "danske piger er racistiske" rant, det er blot en observation. Jeg vil lige starte med at sige at, jo, jeg ved udemrket godt at der findes danske piger som dater mnd af anden etnisk herkomst, og s vil jeg desuden ogs gerne sige at jeg synes det er helt i orden hvis man har prferencer nr det kommer til dating. Hvis ens prference er at date indenfor sin egen race s synes jeg det er fint nok. Jeg synes frst det begynder at blive "racistisk" nr man helt undgr folk af anden race/etnicitet (ja, jeg ved godt jeg kludrer lidt i terminologierne her, men I ved hvad jeg mener :) ).

Jeg har som s mange andre folk i Danmark brugt tinder til dating, men har desvrre mttet konstatere at matches er meget f og langt fra hinanden. Faktisk kan der g dage uden at jeg fr en eneste match, og det p trods af at jeg synes selv mine billeder er rimelig klare.

Jeg er meget sparsom med at bruge faktorer som "race" og "etnicitet" nr det kommer til kommunikation mellem mennesker men det er nu alligevel svrt ikke hurtigt at tnke "hvad nu hvis det er rsagen?" nr man prver at finde ud af hvorfor man aldrig fr matches, hvorimod ens etnisk danske venner endte med krester i folkeskolen og gymnasiet og selvflgelig ogs har en del matches nu i dag p tinder.

For en uge siden blev det efterhnden rimmeligt kedeligt og deprimerende at vre p tinder igen uden nogen matches, men s s jeg at hvis man opgraderede s har man mulighed for at ndre sin lokation til hvorsomhelst i verden. Opgraderingen glder kun i en mned og virker en smule dyr, p den anden siden koster det ikke mere end en biograftur eller en tur ud i byen p en fredag aften s hvorfor ik?

Havde det derefter meget sjovt med at ndre min lokation til forskellige steder i verden. Jeg havde jo nu uendelige "likes" og jeg kunne lade som om at jeg var i Los Angeles, New York, Maine, Houston, osv. Det har jeg nu brugt den sidste uges tid p og lad mig sige jer, jeg har fet en masse matches lige pludseligt! Snakkede med en masse sde amerikanske piger og det s jo ud som om de faktisk var tiltrukket af mig! Hvem havde troet det???

Fik nogle nye bekendtskaber, nogle nye Facebook venner, en del flirten osv. Det var som om en helt ny verden havde bnet sig op for mig. Da jeg nu havde uendelige "likes" s prvede jeg ogs i perioder at g igennem de lokale danske piger for nu at se om situationen havde forbedret sig, men det havde den desvrre ikke.

Jeg er lidt bange for at konkludere noget her, men jeg har lidt p fornemmelsen af at pigerne i USA er lidt mere tilbjelige for at g p dates med mnd som ikke har samme race/etnicitet som dem selv. Jeg tnker at det mske er fordi at derover er deres samfund meget mere multikulturelt hvorimod at min folkeskole og gymnasie i Nordsjlland var 95% etnisk dansk. Derfor giver det vel ogs god mening at man hlder til sin egen etnicitet. Jeg skal ikke blande mig i hvilke prferencer folk har da det er deres liv og de m bestemme selv, men jeg havde bare sdan lyst til at dele denne lille anekdote da jeg omsidder har indset at der faktisk findes damer derude som finder mig attraktiv og for frste gang fler jeg en lille smule selvtillid :D 




 Fuck that, I want to see ProtonJon go back to his roots. Still Game Grumps playing it would be cool too I guess. 




 Uhhhhh...... NSFW?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pX7s2mmlOso
 




 Turn on closed captioning at the opening theme. 









 Lego = Dansk 




 "Rousey is an avid fan of professional wrestling, Dragon Ball Z, and Pokmon.[89][90] She also plays World of Warcraft.[91]"

Dating material. 




 It could be 5 plus minutes, but it wasn't. The video shows he barely held them up for 5 seconds. Plus the first time, he put his hand in his pocket. Can you give me a good reason for why he put his hand in his pocket? For all the police knew, he could be reaching for a gun in his pocket. 




 What if one of the trolls had a ph.d in quantum physics? Then they'd be more informed than you. 




 Come on... You're telling me it's hard to keep your hands up for more than 10 seconds when the police are pointing guns at you? The first time, he literally took his hands down in his pockets. 




 Can somebody explain why the guy kept taking his hands down? 




 It is regulated by Swedish culture which is racist. 




 Typical racist. You claim white date white. Are you so afraid of losing your Swedish girls to foreigners? 









 Does anybody else blush during matches when they see Zero Suit Samus? Does it make it harder for you to play? 









 how is CNN different from Daily Mail? 




 Pamela Anderson 




  and if I'd objected in a room for of 60+ plus people who all thought it was great, I'd have ruined the entire thing.

So what if you ruined the entire thing? You can always compensate your parents with a new trip somewhere else unless they found nothing wrong with the incident, in which case I wouldn't have cared about ruining the entire thing. 




 What about engineers with a degree in engineering management? Do they work for themselves? 




 All these people saying the girl sent them a message or started the conversation. That has literally never happened to me in the 25 years I've been alive. Instead it has been me awkwardly trying to start a conversation and then get rejected. Some people are just lucky! 
























 Wouldn't they have scratched making more Jon merchandises if he was going to leave? 




 Maybe gimr requested, and red bull provided? 




 Hbede p der var nogle som havde erfaringer her som kunne fortlle noget. 




 Tnkte at det var lettere at finde danskere som
Har flyttet til England her. 




 Det behver ikke at vre London som sdan. Faktisk har jeg det fint mes mindre byer hvis der er arbejde for mig der.

Er frdiuddannet ingenir s hber p en ok ln? Er ikke sikker om det vil give en ok tilvrelse. 




 Helt sikkert. Er bare ikke sikker p hvordan jobmarkedet er der? F.eks. For ingenirere. 




 Hele England, KBH, frdiguddannet kandidat indenfor en ingenirretning, skal bare have ca. 3 mellemstore kasser med, ingen kledyr eller kreste. 




 Et estimat med flybillet, lejlighed, alt andet som man ikke ummidelbart tnker p? 




 In Denmark the Saudi ambassador blocked an entire floor in a hospital so that his mother (who does not have a Danish citizenship nor has ever paid taxes here) could be there in peace for her cancer treatment. This meant that many Danish citizens could not receive their cancer treatment because the beds were "occupied". Remember this is Denmark which is supposed to have free healthcare for its citizens who pay between 38%-45% in taxes to get free healthcare. There was also stories about several of the nurses going down with stress and some who quit because the family treated them "like slaves".
The ambassador later claimed that it was okay because "he paid for all the treatment". That doesn't change the fact that doctors could not check up on other patients because the Saudi ambassador demanded his mom get first priority and again many patients were denied a place in the hospital because the beds were "full".

Even more fucked, most media here were completely silent about this. Why did most media not write about this? I wonder. Also it later was revealed the person who ran the hospital had been invited home to the ambassador for dinner.

And they say Scandinavia isn't a corrupt place. 




 Lmao, so now you've resorted to personal ridicule, eh? Believe in whatever you want, I've said my opinion. 




 No I wouldn't, because it would take the spot from somebody else who was legally entitled to it. 




 Thousands of people die in the US every year because they don't receive treatment that they could have otherwise received in Europe. The same would probably happen to me.

If every US citizen with a medical problem was allowed to travel overseas and get free treatment, the quality of healthcare in European countries would greatly decrease or just wouldn't be able to cope with all the patients and in the end it would result in native Europeans not receiving treatment because of the decreased quality or lack thereof.

The same goes for immigration. Countries can't handle the level of immigration currently without it decreasing various aspects of the welfare. This world is not some rainbow utopia where everybody can live happily ever after. When you get older, you will realize that things are not as simple as you think they are. 




 If I have problems receiving healthcare in the US, I shouldn't come crying to Europe and expect them to solve my problems. I should deal with my problems in my own country.

So yeah, I do believe in that. 




 Because I wasn't born there and I don't need to emigrate to the West. 




 Because it's not my problem. 




 Women in Europe didn't have the rights they have now back then. But with hard work that changed.

Running away from your country because it doesn't give women rights is never going to make that place any better. 




 So why not campaign against the Saudi flag? 




 The confederate flag happened before the 19's so I think that's old too then. Also if the confederate flag is only a symbol in the south then Americans in the north shouldn't have a say either. 




 So turn a blind eye on everybody else and be good pals with them, huh? 




 Not murders. 




 What is the government about? 





























 Perhaps you should read about Howard Gardner's work. 




 So you're more constructive than me because you read books whereas I play video games? 




 Perhaps, however I remember back when I worked at a grocery store some of my worst customers were old people who didn't give a shit and would snap at me and my coworkers over the smallest things. 




 He asked for my achievements/credentials and getting my degree is something I personally consider my achievement. 




 I have a bachelor in mechanical engineering and currently I'm doing my masters. I have read books for my education, just dislike reading them in my sparetime. 




 Yeah, I don't like reading books. So what? I don't have the attention span to sit there for hours and constantly read words. It just becomes tedious to me. It doesn't mean I'm not smart, it doesn't mean that I'm any less intelligent than people who read books. Just means that I find it boring to read and prefer to stimulate myself other ways like watching movies or playing video games. I'm sosick and tired of people looking down on those who don't like reading. 









 Guess so. 




 Yes, stop playing FIFA games and stop posting FIFA crap, unless you don't care about the slave workers. 




 Because I'm seeing you morons posting FIFA games and all other FIFA crap like nothing has happened. Good job keeping the momentum going, reddit. You guys are pathetic. 




 Which you failed to do. 




 I'm not wasting your time, I'm helping other guys not waste their time. 




 Whatever, mind your own business. 




 Unfortunately my fedora powers are unmatched to your original post. 




 Then go and talk to your bf instead of wasting other guy's time. 




 Jeg har intet imod at I svarer tilbage, jeg har bare ikke andet at sige end min mening. 




 Jeg ytrede min mening? Har jeg ikke lov til det? 




 Ja der findes sprgsml derinde, det er lidt ligesom det som er pointen? Prv at kigge p svarene istedet. 




 Ja, fordi vi har utroligt meget brug for uddannede mennesker indenfor zombie-studier: http://ekstrabladet.dk/vrangen/article4746284.ece

Tror du selv p at en studerende ville betale flere tusind kroner p et latterligt kursus hvis det var for deres egne penge? Men nr nu det er skatteyderne som skal betale, jamen hvorfor s ikke?

Og jeg hvis man brnder for at blive lge eller ingenir, s har man mulighed for at f det financieret selv. Der findes legater, community colleges, osv. I USA til at opfylde denne drm. Der er ikke mere mangel p hjtuddannede i USA i forhold til i Danmark, hilket viser at uddannelsessystemet fungerer liges godt som herhjemme, hvis ikke bedre efter min mening. Jeg behver ikke at f skatteyderne til at trre mig i rven, den kan jeg godt klare selv. 




 Ja det havde jeg. S ville jeg nemlig have arbejdet i nogle r og tjent mine egne penge og bagefter taget en uddannelse, eller jeg ville have taget et ln og derefter betalt den af efter jeg fik et ordentligt job. Og nej, den gld delgger ikke dit liv, mange studerende i USA kan betale deres gld af i lbet af f r efter deres uddannelse er endt, kig blot i /r/personalfinance

Lad vr med at bilde mig ind at det kun er et socialistisk samfund som kan give dig en uddannelse. 




 og hvorfor skal jeg tvinges til at gre det? Hvis jeg ikke gider hjlpe andre, s er det min ret til ikke at blive tvunget til at hjlpe andre. Jeg gider sgu da ikke at begynde at hjlpe hele verden bare fordi at dit hjerte blder for dem. jeg forventer ingen hjlp fra andre.

Hvis du er s ivrig efter at hjlpe flygtninge, s giv dit hus/lejlighed til flygtninge og donr 90% af fin indtgt til velgrenhed. S kan du bo p en bnk og leve for hvad der svarer til en SU. Det er der tusinder af hjemlse som gr og det kan du ogs samtidigt med at du hjlper en masse flygtninge. Kom s igang, men lad vr med at tvinge mig ind i dit flelsesporno pis. 




 Ville nok vre ligeglad. 




 Er ligeglad. 




 Europa har ingen gavn af flygtninge. 









 Jesus, relax. Nobody except for the very die hard fans are going to care if he insults the game. First of all, it's his opinion and he's entitled to it. Second of all, it's a comedy show so chances are, he will exaggerate his statements to make them funnier which is working as I and many others found the episode hilarious.

I would love to watch Arin play Ocarina of Time as it's my favorite game of all time. I know he's going to insult it a lot but I'm completely fine with that, and so will 99% of the other people who love the game. Because it's a comedy channel and because we don't take insults to our favorite games personal.

If you want to stop watching Game Grumps, then go ahead. but while you're at it you might want to also invest in a rock that you can live under since if this is all that it takes for you to get offended, you might as well spare yourself and your feelings from the outside world.

Also, tableflip will be released for all in a month or two. Get over it already and let them earn extra money to run the show. 









 Dunno how to blur photos or names on my phone but the message I received this morning:

Kindly fuck off.. Only interested in women

Her orientation was listed as bisexual and queer, left her profile when I noticed it said "Looking for women". Never sent her any messages or interacted with her in any way.

Another message i received from a different girl several months ago told me I was a creep and a pervert, etc. again, only visited her profile, nothing more 




 Here's an idea how to avoid this: Stop using bisexual as your sexual orientation!

Maybe you are in fact bisexual but only want to date women which is fine. But here's the thing. When us men browse profiles and a woman is listed as bisexual, we assume that it means they're attracted to men too.

Now if said woman writes that she only wants to to date women, most of us will leave your profile again.

But DON'T start sending us messages insulting us, calling us creeps and pigs because god forbid we clicked on your profile thinking you were attracted to both genders! it's not cool receiving a notification on your phone thinking a girl finally messaged you (happens rarely) only to be greeted by a sexist insulting message because last night you happened to click on a profile once! Thank you!

And yes, this does not happen often and most lesbians/bisexuals are sweet and understanding but good lord some of these few extremists really know how to grind your balls. I wish I could say incidents like that have only happened to me once! 
























