 Had the MP said this about Jews would you be saying it was understandable. Romas are treated like lesser humans in large parts of Europe. 




 Karzai made his bed let him sleep in it. Karzai is a US creation. We don't need to prop up his corrupt regime anymore.

EDITED: Grammar 




 GOP to Republican voters: Let the power brokers decide 




 I don't understand where you get this. Most Democrats oppose the Citizens United decision. Also in many smaller places where Democrats are in control efforts have been made to curb contributions and bring in some sort of public financing. 




 Tom Delay's indictment never stopped him from making appearances on numerous news outlets. 




 This is why Republicans want no campaign contribution limits. Those silly trivial limits forces them to break the law. 




 It leaves people of color who have saved the housing stock to start over in another neighborhood and not reap the benefits of their good work. 




 Where do they move? Eventually some of them move into a box in some back alley. 




 You are correct my experience was in in the 70s, 80s and 90s in New York City maybe the process has changed. However, it is does not change the fact that lower income people are displaced and Whites end up with a desirable neighborhood. 




 Renters leave because they can not afford the neighborhood prices and rents.

Home owners leave in the second wave as home prices rise and commodity prices rise. Their $60,000 home is sold for $200,000. The home is resold for $400,000. The home owners do make money but miss out on the windfall.

The end result Whites takeover a neighborhood in which the people of color have protected the housing stock for decades. 




 Having been pioneers of gentrification in a number of neighborhoods I find the study flawed. I am White. I saw the vast majority of people of color displaced. First the renters went but then the home owners sold out because the money they were offered were too much for them not to accept. Also the prices in stores changed upward forcing lower income home owners to seek more affordable communities. 

One neighborhood changed from African-American to White and in the other Hispanic/African-American to White. Just because you don't have to move the economics may make moving the best alternative. In the end the benefits of the new gentrified community changes are lost to the long-time residents renters and home owners. 




 Taliban actually banned opium production in their final year of power. The Taliban found opium production against Islamic teachings.  




 Of course his probation will be shorten for good behavior. /s 

If an accomplice to a bank robbery destroyed evidence would they get probation. I think not. White collar criminals need to pay the same price as other criminals.  




 If Vitter wins he would fit in with all the other crooks and scoundrels who were Louisiana governors.  




 Please check out the photo of Festival mascot Hamish the Haggis. 




 It is not meanwhile. It is because of these "unfortunate" derivative contracts that JPMorgan makes billions more each year. 




 That only took 13 years to realize. The opium/heroin trade is the backbone of the Afghan economy. When the Taliban was in power they willing fought the heroin trade while the US has been partners with the opium warlords. 




 The Egyptian military is taking up the club that the Arab Spring forced Mubarak to put down. 




 Just what everyone thinks, Florida's "stand your ground law" is too strict. /s 




 Homophobia is becoming as unacceptable to large firms as racism. Would be great if sexism would become this unacceptable. 




 When banks sets side billions to pay expenses it leaves less money to lend. Also setting asides money to pay expenses effects these financial institutions bottom line. JPMorgan had their first not-profitable quarter under Jamie Dimon because of JP Morgan's write down of their $13 billion fine. 




 Gov. McCrory may be right that Congress doesn't do much but would he leave a majority White district without representation for a year. I think not. 




 But it was one of the last chance attempts by Tea Party wingnuts.

EDITED: added the 




 The statement "that comedian is crazy, insane" is really true. 




 A glacial lake is formed by a glacier gouging the earth and then as it  retreats it fills with water. The trench in Antarctica could become a glacial lake if the ice retreats and the water does not have any drainage. There are many valleys that are glacial that do not have significant glacial lakes. 




 I used Reddit's search function and it did not flag the submission. Sorry for the double post. 




 I was explaining that the trench didn't have to be filled with water but just covered by the ice. 




 This spill has already [effected water supplies in Ohio via the Ohio River.](http://www.sfgate.com/news/science/article/Cincinnati-passes-on-Ohio-River-water-after-spill-5139320.php)


EDITED: Added link 




 This is one reason for chemical safety issues should be handled by Federal regulators. A persons well being from a chemical spill should not be determined by where you live. 




 Not necessarily. If girls are offered a course which is dominated by boys, it is not enough to just say choose. Girls in this case need to encouraged, mentored and incentivized to take the courses which allow them to succeed if they take the AP test. 




 Not if the trench is filled with ice.

EDITED: changed tench to trench 




 The large banks probably have already figured out a way to use this loophole to continue all their current banking operations. 




 No classes, no computers, no mentoring it makes it hard to take an advance placement test. 




 This is the equivalent of the rich eating cake while throwing crumbs to the poor. This is clearly an effort to appease the rich who were turned off last fall by the government shutdown.  




 How well would you do taking a test when you have not been taught the subject? 




 Just because a practice is being routinely used or has been done forever doesn't mean the activity is either legal or ethical. The fact that the Fed has decided to look at this practice should be heartening. 




 I've resubmitted the article without azcentral.com coding at the end of the URL. Sorry if this caused you any problems. 




 I agree 




 If you truly cared about your apology, you would want your apology to be accepted. If your apology is not accepted the problem is not with the person offended but the offender.

What do you think the soap was about? Some say it was about dirty Jews but to me it was about the fact that [Jewish body parts were made into soap during the Holocaust.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soap_made_from_human_corpses)

Edited: add last graph 




 "If this offended you" apology is not an apology. It offended all of us because it made light of the Holocaust. Think about it. It may have been a joke to you but to the rest of us it was anti-semitic drivel. We don't need to go on about it but you need to rethink how others took your original "joke" and your responses. 




 CNN is not an alternative news instituion. It is being judged on the standard of its newsgathering within the traditional media. 




 I disagree that the army is on the side of the people. The army was a third force in Egypt before the Arab Spring but now is closely tied with the Mubarak forces. 




 What's next Mubarak will be PM? 




 I think you need to rethink your comparison of CNN to FOX.  




 First, I'm not liberal. Second, your reply just makes Zucker's point. 




 OP: That was the name the BBC used. This was a sentence from the  story. I agree the correct country name is Myanmar. 




 CNN is running third in the cable news ratings. Fox is number one in the news ratings. CNN was tired of being dumped on by Fox. CNN sees itself as the only impartial news source. It was time to take the gloves off and make Fox's relationship to the GOP the issue. 




 We do know that but this is coming from the head of a major news network not a Democrat or the political left. 




 Just want to point out the businessinsider.com story was posted at 9 AM this morning more than 8 hours after my original post. While Mediaite story was not blogspam the story was pulled because the site was an unacceptable domain. Mediaite is on that list because it's stories are blogspam. 




 Rachel Maddow Show original story about Christie is only available as a video clip when I posted it. So there is no real way to put this story on r/politics. 




 Really fascinating read about how the E Coli bacteria evolves. Certainly a must read for those who don't believe in evolution. 




 NFL contemplating postponing the Super Bowl./s 




 Are the down votes based on people thinking this story is blogspam? The [original Dallas Morning News story](http://www.dallasnews.com/news/politics/headlines/20140106-ted-cruzs-dad-backs-tea-partier-katrina-pierson-for-sessions-seat.ece) is not very informative either. The Post story adds some context but neither piece will win a Pulitzer. 




 I doubt that the victims of unsolved murders are 50/50 White and African American since the majority of murder victims are people of color. 

You seem to be justifying the disparity in solved vs. unsolved cases. When you see a racial disparity our first instinct should be to see these differences in light of our history of racism. What I am seeing in this discussion is an attempt to justify the facts by blaming the victims. 




 This is what the [Innocence Project says about eyewitness testimony:](http://www.innocenceproject.org/understand/Eyewitness-Misidentification.php)

Eyewitness misidentification is the single greatest cause of wrongful convictions nationwide, playing a role in nearly 75% of convictions overturned through DNA testing 




 It is not just the Fed but every vote in Congress is now a political battle. 




 When did police have to have the most unreliable evidence, eyewitness accounts, to solve murders. 




 The fixation on "no snitching" as the reason for the higher rate of unsolved murders of Black victims seems to be an attempt to excuse often shoddy police work in poorer neighborhoods. Often the victims are people police consider criminal themselves. Lets not blame poor police work on the African-American community. That's blaming the victims. 




 Or a Republican 




 That stance is too brave for Gov. Cuomo. 




 His analysis that being white saved him a trip to jail is so true. His story should make everyone understand the marijuana laws are unjust and should be repealed immediately. 




 This certainly is a way to keep track of Russians who participate for later retribution.  




 A well written look at a former Republican Congressman turned doomsday prepper. 




 Being fined is just the cost of doing business. Prison sends a message. 




 Retry, it is available. 




 We couldn't expect any other outcome. 




 Pipelines have less risk of explosion but when they do leak the damage is significantly larger. Pipeline explosions also are more catastrophic. 




 Because as you know dogs only speak in English. /s 




 This looks like the last mass murder of 2014. Hopefully this year will be a better year. 




 I regularly read the AP wire, BBC, The Guardian, the Independent, Reuters, CNBC, Bloomberg, France 24, Christian Science Monitor, ThinkProgress as well as smaller blogs and news sites. 




 I certainly have not felt that. The news media has been pumping this story hard since Snowden claimed "mission accomplished." 




 The power of a $3 billion donation from the Saudi's 




 Added: Gen Giap's ability to win wars against vastly superior forces without actually conquering his enemy is legendary. His ability to know how to use his forces in inflict the heaviest losses and to effect public opinion in the home country of his enemies was revolutionary in the art of war. 




 Diem Bien Pho was a campaign against the French in 1954 in which the French were drawn into the city and then surrounded. The French spent weeks trying to break out of the now blockaded city. Troops that were sent by road to free the city were ambushed. The campaign turned the French public against their colonization of Vietnam.

The Tet offensive was a total attack across South Vietnam by VietCong and North Vietnamese forces against US and South Vietnamese forces during Vietnamese New Year in 1968. Fighting was fierce with battles raging in many of the major cities. Supreme firepower by the US won the campaign but the violence turned a majority of Americans against the war, 




 Well that leaves maybe a quarter of the elected officials in one party. 




 What would Pope Francis do? 




 This will be taxpayer money. Churches are non-profits and are not subject to taxation. 




 Vietnamese Gen. Vo Nguyen Giap for Diem Bien Pho campaign and the Tet offensive. 




 Please explain who has dual Israeli citizenship? 




 Have we heard anything from the birthers on this situation? Renouncing your Canadian citizenship doesn't make your a natural-born American? 




 Can you say presidential candidate Cruz? 




 However, what is good for Fox may not be good for the US. /s 




 Yet, there will be no consequences for Rep. Issa. When gaining political advantage becomes more important than the facts we have a national crisis. 




 This definition stops most discussions of political movements from r/politics. When I pushed the issue I was told I was arguing with the mods. The consequence would be banning. I only asked questions.

EDITED: Added last sentence 




 When I mean all out civil war, I mean armed territories that each faction holds, ethnic cleansing and armed military actions on a daily basis by both side. They are close but the two sides are not there yet. 




 How much longer until an all out civil war breaks out in Iraq?  




 Another step towards an all out civil war. 




 This is the second mass shooting Thursday in Louisiana. 




 John Miller's reporting has always been more law enforcement PR than news gathering. 




 Maybe I've been to too many Ranger games excluding 93-94. 




 This is the beginning of a period of extreme violence in Egypt. The military has become everything Mubarak wanted it to be.  




 Hockey without beer is like winter without hockey. 




 Christmas is all about the boxes. 




 What a great beauty. Merry Christmas to Maggie and all the other kitties of the world. 




 If you cause an uprising on Reddit do you get banned? 




 This predator (humans) has the brain power to try to repair the damage it does.  




 Failed to adapt to DDT and rifles. 




 California condors and buffaloes were going extinct on their own? I don't think so. 




 I have to agree, if a species is going extinct on its own we should not be involved, However if that species is being driven extinct by human activity then there should be a debate about what humans should do. 




 This is investigative reporting at its best. This is an in depth look at how the US waged a covert war in Columbia. 




 This sounds new and fresh but it is not. For years industries have spread their contributions to supporters on both sides of the aisle. What is somewhat new is the tech industry is becoming more involved in street politics. Tech gurus have spent their money lobbying not in retail politics.  




 Phil Robertson has a free speech right. A E as his employer can say that Robertson's speech has injured the television company. 




 When does this headline read criminal charges about to be filed? 




 This amateur may have done more damage than good. Hopefully this person hasn't destroyed the value of this site. 




 David Cameron has as much sense as the last politician to say "mission accomplished," George W. Bush. 




 Just a note ThinkProgress is no longer an unacceptable domain on r/politics. 




 Worked for me. I'm not sure why your system gets that error message. 




 Like the Westboro Baptist Church there will be some open carry advocates who will use the law to make money and push the envelope. 




 It seems that thinkprogress.com has been unbanned. This is one of the four articles from thinkprogress.com today that have been allowed without receiving the unacceptable domain tag.  




 I think thinkprogress.com may be unbanned. When I posted thinkprogress.com stories before they were autobanned within 2 minutes. 




 [This post from has accepted at r/politics from the banned site, thinkprogress.com](http://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/1smyfb/lobbyists_circumvent_disclosure_rules_while/  




 This s a story from the banned r/politics site thinkprogress.com. 




 That's a good point. 




 So in Fauxland it is OK to discriminate as long as your not a government  body. For government bodies they can discriminate as long as they have a good reason.

EDITED: Spelling 




 This is why old school journos were so angry at the entire idea of selling space "above the fold" back when the issue was ad placement on paper.  




 I posted this article to r/politics and it was banned because it is from a banned domain. This domain is banned because it is blogspam. Read this article and tell me how it is blogspam? It is an example of articles posted at thinkprogress.com. Again, why is this site banned? 




 An in depth review by an award winning journalism site of how justice may be for sale in state Supreme Courts. The lack of disclosure leads to the perception that justice may not be blind. 




 Pulitzer Prize winning website turns its spotlight on the problems of the elderly and ill in prison. They explain how the elderly are held hostage by prison bureaucrats. 




 Kristallnacht was not a secret to the German people. The ethnic rivalry between Serbs and Croats is not a secret.  




 Taking collective concertize action without a union is still covered by the National Labor Relations Board. Workers will not be fired for their absence on the day but for any past infractions. 

These one-day strikes has gotten some interest with some national unions but organizing multiple locations of national company is very difficult. Add in the the transitory nature of the worker force it becomes nearly impossible. 




 What next Harvey Milk ended homophobia? 




 It is one think to face the consequences, it is another to took the blame. The question is how did CBS get this story.? If S S was given an inside track to have the book on 60 Minutes because it is an affiliate of CBS then corporate heads should role. If Logan met the guy and thought the story was credible then heads at 60 Minutes should roll as well as hers. 




 Here is the [BBC trying to put a positive face](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-25151974) on the continuing economic stagnation in the industrialized world. 




 I hope you don't think I way to go back into Iraq? The problem is we went into Iraq without a real understanding of the geopolitics of Iraq and/or the Middle East. To Bush 43 they were all Arabs. 




 Turkey believes these lands were theirs and the all Kurds are really Turkish people. By the way Turkey has entered Iraqi Kurdistan on a number of occasions since 2003 to show their territorial claims and to pursue Kurdish rebels. 




 I'm not questioning if there could have been a stable political structure built in Iraq. However, if you break it you ought to fix it. That is why the US invasion of Iraq was a fool's errand from the beginning. 




 Yes. The territorial integrity of current day Turkey is very important to the Turkish people. There are issues with the glory of the Ottoman empire and the Turkish control of a sizable part of the Middle East. 




 Twenty year before that it was the end of the one earner households. 




 Your correct but the US did change the balance of power within Iraq without an adequate political infrastructure. The new Iraq was doomed from the beginning to a violent future. 




 The Turks believe a Free Kurdistan would increase the demands that western Turkey be annexed to the new country. They fear an increase in rebel attacks. That is if the Iraqi Kurds gain independence. The Turks would believe a Syria/Iraq Kurdistan would be a direct threat to their national sovereignty.  




 Turkey has said that they will not abide with a free Kurdistan and will use military force to stop it. With Turkey being a NATO country this would have many ramifications. 




 There is a sickness in Ohio. 




 Everyday this goes on the possibility of Iraq splintering apart into three separate entities becomes more inevitable. The Kurds are banking on this to establish a formal Kurdish homeland. 




 Thee were indications in the last election that the GOP was paying people to do traditional "volunteer work." The Republicans were moving groups of supporters in and out of states to bolster operations. The problem is many of these paid workers were traditional free worker (i.e. diehard activists). 




 The anti-regulatory wing of the GOP is taking on the party's foot soldiers. This may lead to a McConnell win but may also lead some groups to bolt the party for a more politically pure party. 




 This seems to be truly wishful thinking. The economic underpinnings of most of the developed world's economies, excluding China and India, are shaky at best. We will knew when the end is near when consumers feel free to spend like they did in the first half of the last decade.  




 I think it is more likely r/politics has been rat-fucked by Republican operatives. R/politics is a valuable property and control of it would be a coup for GOP dirty tricksters. The end of r/politics as a reliable source of info on the Republican political operations would embolden the GOP to continue to fight against one person - one vote. 




 When workers don't have the resources to buy the goods they make it is a sign that the economy is going to tank. 




 This is a joint project with "This American Life." The stories take an in-depth look at how housing discrimination continues till today with little or no federal enforcement.  




 The understanding of abstract concepts allows students to develop critical thinking skills. Plus algebra two is just rudimentary math in these days of advanced technology. 




 A great look at the the problems of stopping off-shore crimes. The Center for Public Integrity has been been doing groundbreaking work on this subject for the last year. 




 It is amazing in this day and age that young conservatives are so self-absorbed that they didn't realize the reaction their stupid prank would engender. 




 A deep dive into Medicare. This story shows how Medicare doesn't even take the simply steps to curb cost overruns.  




 U/theredditpope has been at the center of the controversy at r/politics. Beyond the banning of sites he has been forcing people to delete posts if they wanted to remain on r/politics. He has deleted posts from discussions without telling the poster. He has refused to listen to criticism and ridiculed redditors on r/politics on other subreddits. His actions will reflect on any site that wants him as a mod.

I wouldn't be a mod on any site he is associated with. He represents the worst of reddit.

It is your choice but I feel you are devaluing r/politic. 

The struggle at r/politics is not limited to one single subreddit but it is actually a fight for the future of reddit as an open and free community. It may sound melodramatic but there are political forces outside of reddit who want to stifle the influence this site has on the internet. It may sound conspiratorial but there is enough evidence to believe this is what is happening. 




 U/theredditpope has been a leader of the censorship efforts at r/politics. By making him a mod at r/politic you are giving him political cover. There is no reason for him to be a mod at this site except to make himself look good. Read his comment history and say that he is an appropriate mod for this site. 




 Que? 




 The House has ethics rules but they just don't use them.  




 The Kasich miracle is not such a miracle. 




 This is someone who thought he was going to be chosen as the next Secretary of Homeland Security. 




 Eric Cantor is taking after Gerald Ford who couldn't walk and chew gum. 




 Nothing in that statement is even slightly factually unsound. Yet this kind of statement gets you labelled a 'denier' in the same vein as a holocaust denier? Can't you see that it's this shit right here that turns so many people against the climate debate?

[Most people are not against climate change science.](http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2013/nov/13/climate-change-red-state-opinion-america-study) 




 Solar panels increase the profitability of electric companies but they are asking the utility commission to add a monthly fee to solar panel users. There is something real wrong here. 




 The House is to busy doing nothing to take up important legislation. With 2014 being an election year the likelihood of the House passing immigration reform in in 2014 is nil to none. 




 But there is only one party as policy which is racist, homophobic, xenophobic, anti-gay, anti-transgender, anti-woman, anti-labor, anti-poor, climate deniers and supports policies against poor and working people. Not  a complete list. 




 When George Bush the younger was president no one counted the number of Dems or Reps on a particular bench before deciding if one of his appointments should be approved. For the GOP there is no limits to the ways they will try to maintain their failing fortunes. 




 This just in: The American public wants to take back some of the wealth that is being stolen from them. 




 Well that certainly is a reason to gun down a group of people. /s 




 A fascinating look into the Ayatollah Khamenei's financial empire. 




 That doesn't seem to be a lot of money for Bank of America. When we talk about tens of billions that would get the bank's attention. 




 The smog adds a multiplier effect. Smoking + smog = geometric increase in lung cancer cases. 




 There is no marketplace for Iranian oil at this time because of the embargo. They would take a lower price to get hard currency into their coffers. 




 But would Iran or even Iraq go along with OPEC when they are in desperate need of cash? 




 But OPEC no longer has a stranglehold on oil prices. OPEC could try to hold back their product from the marketplace but there is a real possibility their efforts would fail. 




 Just because you don't use your mod account doesn't make you any less of a mod. I think it would be better to own your mod position and your politics. 




 That is right when the Seminoles said it was OK the issue was settled. That is not true for NFL's Washington team or the American League's Cleveland team.

Those who demand political orthodoxy are not the "PC crowd" but the political right, who use litmus tests on a number of issues before you can join their inner sanctum.

I find it poor taste for an r/politics mod to diss progressives so cavalierly.  




 If you substitute a derogatory terms for African-Americans or Jews or Hispanics would you still said that. Non-Native people cannot decide for Native Americans what they feel is an insult and/or a demeaning term for a football team 




 As I've said several times the mods want to take the politics out of r/politics. 




 I personally am not a journalist, nor do I need to have a degree as one.

Now that your expertise has been established, please go sit in the corner with the mods. Please let those of us who know and love politics run our site. 




 Thanks, AdelleChattre for reaching out to Wonkette.com. This site was in the forefront of progressive political reporting on the internet. This means very little to the mods who probably were still in diapers when Wonkette was a must read. 




 For more analysis on other marijuana legalization efforts read [Thinkprogress](http://thinkprogress.org/justice/2013/11/06/2898651/cities-voted-remove-penalties-marijuana-possession/) 




 For a more detailed analysis of this poll [see Thinkprogress.](http://thinkprogress.org/health/2013/11/06/2900771/obamacare-public-opinion-press/) 




 I"m sorry if it seems like I was singling you out. I was making a point to a large number of responses I had to that post both publicly and privately. I understand that you can still post, read and vote on r/politics after you unsubscribe. The act of unsubscribing says to the mods that they are winning by driving out the undesirable elements. By staying we say we will not be driven out by your arbitrary actions meant to drive away progressives. 




 Cutting back food stamp subsidies will certainly make this number go up. Thank you Republicans. 




 I understand why some want to unsubscribe, However, it is known fact those in power will never back down without a fight. When you say I can resubscibe you are saying you are willing to come back after some us do the hard work. I understand you don't want all this chatter invading your computer. Don't want to fight that is OK.Then just stay and cheer those of us who are willing. If we lose then unsubscribe. Don't give up the fight before the battle has begun. 




 It takes a whole subreddit. Stay and fight do not unsubscribe.  




 Happy cake day. You have a present from the mods. After the mods broke r/politics they promise they will fix it at some unspecified time in the future. Have a nice day. 




 We don't really need apologizes. We need a full reexamination of the changes. Why is it so hard to say they were wrong and scrap what they have done up until now. The mods now have our attention. Let's do this together and do it right. 




 Don't unsubscribe that is what those who are trying to break apart r/politics want. If we want to bring politics back to r/politics we have to stay and fight. 




 Have to second your post. I would also point out adding 10 ten new mods and then instituting new posting policies seven days later has the feel of a coup. Especially when the new mods were not involved with r/politics before being elevated to mod status. 




 Keep up the good work. There is no way we will allow the mods to take the politics out of r/politics. 




 Published in [Macromolecules 2013, 46 (15), pp. 6209](http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/ma4011457) 




 Yes but drugs on the reservations are a major problem for a significant number of tribes. Many reservations are drug and alcohol free to follow in their ancestors way and forsake the White culture. The chances that a tribe would do this would legalize marijuana is very small. In fact if the national prohibition ends reservations would probably be one of the last places in the country where you could not smoke. 




 The idea that the mods of r/politics have no idea of the Daily Mail's political culture is a sign of your inexperience and political naivete.
 




 Think what the reaction would have been five years ago? 




 You take on Snooves, who once tried to ban me for posting too frequently from the AP. I want to expand it to the current state of the mods.

Mods like GuitarFreak027 and avnerd have little or no interest in r/politics looking at their user histories. Yet these two mods got or retained full permissions on this site. Others like maxwellhill, anutensil, mrmajorly and Samuel_Gompers who used to have full mod status are relegated to secondary roles even though they are regular participants.

It is these actions along with the banned list that make it seem like there has been a coup. When we look at the political make up of the mods the site has seemed to take a severe turn to the right. This is not a left or progressive site put it does have a majority of users who are left of center. 

The community didn't lose default status because we were too left but because the discussion too often was toxic. The way to improve the site is not to kick out those left of center but to moderate the tone of the community.

The mods have lost the trust of many us and we ask them to reconsider their decisions and restart. There is no shame in going back and redoing what has already been done. I don't see any other way for the mods to regain our trust.

Take a deep breathe and lets give it another try. 




 It is not a loophole but a recognition by the federal government that Native peoples are sovereign peoples living within the borders of the US. They follow our federal laws just like other states but they can make their own local laws. Even under these circumstances Native people populate the US military in greater proportions to their actual population than any other racial group in this country. So I don't see they are getting anything that they don't deserve or are owed. 




 Tribes have casinos, do not collect cigarette taxes, have their own justice system not because some state which was built on and around their lands gave them anything. Tribal rights are protected by treaties just like the ones the US has with most of the nations of the world. Understand Native peoples were here before there were states. 
























 Understanding math concepts helps build critical thinking skills. 




 Lime prices have risen from $.50 or so a lime  to $1.50. Is that enough evidence?  




 It is harder in this country to register and vote than to purchase a gun. 




 Bob Murray who is leading this fight is as anti-union as they come and a Tea Party supporter to boot. 




 The state has responsibility to treat all prisoners with dignity and honor no matter how heinous their crime. The state is not a criminal we are supposed to be better than that. 

You can tell the quality of a country and its people by the way it treats, the poor, the disabled, the mentally fragile, the different and the criminals. We have a responsibility to force the state to treat those on the edges of society the way we would want to be treated. 




 It is not the role of the state to stoop to the level of the murderer. 




 This is state sponsored murder. 




 Is that because the Russians don't want to spoil their Cinco de Mayo celebrations. 




 So you reject the basis for all English based legal systems? 




 "It is better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer",

...as expressed by the English jurist William Blackstone in his seminal work, Commentaries on the Laws of England, published in the 1760s.

This is the basis of our legal system. So 96 percent is just not good enough. 




 Here is a [copy of the report.](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/report-appeals-court-judges-violated-ethics-laws) 




 Here is a [copy of the report.](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/report-appeals-court-judges-violated-ethics-laws) 




 A 2,000-year-old stonemasons chisel that may have been used in the construction of Jerusalems Western Wall has been unearthed at the bottom of the structure along with a number of Second Temple-era objects, claims an Israeili archaeologist

This is the lead paragraph of the story. The headline does not match the story.  




 The title is the first sentence of the AP story. 




 May be they will get there wish and secede. 




 I have used all my five free Dispatch stories for the month so this is not an option.  




 What do Badgercrats want to do? Establish the People's Republic of Madison (Wisconsin) or join socialist Canada, neither seems to be what they are looking for. /s  




 The story says more than 90% of Swiss workers make more that the proposed new minimum wage. 




 Now the crescendo of Republicans saying we're not racists. If it walks like a duck, talks like a duck it's a duck.

Until the GOP takes positive actions to remove racists from their ranks they will have to live with this analysis. 




 I guess the US constitution is not the constitution that governs Louisiana. 




 The only one worth impeaching is Cruz but I don't see where his actions have violated the Constitution. 




 That is because the Australian system is built to encourage voting and the US system is more and more about excluding voters. 




 President Obama saying the US will never forget 911 would not be world news. 




 Even if the tax liability is less then $2.4 billion, the idea that a company could can stash $8 billion in profits earned in US out of the reach of the government for whatever reason is an important story. 




 There are three types of ethics stories: it's illegal; it's unethical: it ought to be illegal or unethical. This story certainly falls into the third category. 




 The $8 billion is profits diverted. The $2.4 billion is the taxes that would have been paid on the $8 billion.  




 Or there will be a call to return to voting privileges for male property holders. 




 When GOP can not win using the current rules they just change the rules. This is what Republicans mean when they talk about democracy. 




 Isn't it amazing that Borowitz is so much smarter then Issa. 




 The headline I used was the original story headline when I posted the story. 




 Thanks. Sorry I posted the story. i will remove. 




 Thanks for replying on your cake day. 




 Sam Brownback 




 This is what the right would say is a win-win. Usually when this phrase is used it means the rich wins and everyone else loses (they say win). 




 This bill doesn't have a chance outside of the House. This bill is not about winning but currying favor with the mineral and energy extraction industries. It does put the GOP firmly in the anti-park and preservation camp. 




 So employers should be allowed to bar African-Americans  or other people of color because of their religious beliefs? That is the logical extension of your reasoning. 




 The idea they will serve no jail time will serve notice to others that the destruction of ancient formations are punishable with a slap on the wrist.

Let the vandalism begin. /s 




 McConnell and dignity aren't usually mentioned in the same sentence. 




 Making thousands on tens of thousands of trades adds up. 




 It is cheating to the GOP when you use the law to combat Republican attacks on poor people. 




 Republicans only support states rights when they agree with the states. 




 You know that is racist. 




 The Arab Spring was about opening up the political process to opposing views. The return to autocratic rule by the military has arrested the gains made during the last three years.  




 Iraq's close relations with Iran may mean they or their allies may get some of these weapons. Also Iraq move to a more authoritarian government seems to indicate that the weapons may end up being used on political opponents not supposed "terror organizations." 




 This is not going to turn out well. 




 It seems obvious but the idea that one party, the Republicans, are fighting to maintain that inequality should galvanize the rest of us to fight like hell to end that gap. 




 Kentucky has a strong tradition of trade unions even though they are a border state. 




 The OP supports US troops leaving.  




 Rand Paul is like a broken clock, he is right twice a day.  




 Karzai will be gone before Dec. 31st. No reason for him to stay and risk the millions if not billions he already stole. 




 The other NRA. 




 The chances of US forces "liberating" Crimea are none and never. 




 It didn't rocket back up until the Taliban was out of power. 




 The fields the Taliban closed down when they were in charge. 




 I hope we get out because of the human lives we have maimed and killed. 




 This has become part of the Pentagon's mission statement. 




 The South Koreans want us the Afghans don't. 




 We won't let the door hit us in the ass as we leave.  




 You bought the Kool-Aid. The ad was made to scare Ohioans into thinking that Jeep was going to switch production to China. All the fact checking organizations gave this ad a false rating. 

Lie of the year 2012:
http://www.politifact.com/virginia/article/2012/dec/13/lie-year-romney-campaigns-ad-jeeps-made-china/

 




 The class waging warfare is the rich.  




 The wealthiest nation in the world should deny quality healthcare to its  poorest citizens. /s 

That makes a lot of sense.
 




 Unless than women wants a abortion or demands equal rights. 




 Yes, the Democrats are standing up to the Koch's but they need to standup to more of the monied interests that have been whittling away at safety, health and environmental regulations. 




 This is the slippery slope that was talked about when we ramped up security post 9-11. The CIA is prohibited from spying in the US and forget about the Senate. 




 Another blew against those who believe there is no pay inequality for women. 




 I don't think having a gun would solve this situation, unless you're talking about killing a law enforcement officer. That wouldn't be the the smartest solution. 




 And somehow CCA is more accountable. CCA has been running a hellhole of a prison in Idaho for years and the government is just now getting around to investigate them. 




 It is nice the Border Patrol decided to join the 21st century. The days of shooting rock throwers in the US ended decades ago, I thought. 




 To Republicans John McCain and Mitt Romney are moderates. 




 Pussy Riot was making a political statement about the role of the church in the "new" Russia. 




 Being famous. However, they are not in it for the money. Once again they are political performance artists not recording stars. 




 That can only mean they're in it for the money. s/

If they were money motivated they could have left Russia come to the US or UK and made a bundle. They did not. They are more political than musical. 




 Pussy Riot is not doing this for publicity they are political performance artists. This is about social commentary. 




 This is just one more attack on copyright laws.

Edited: Misspelled copyright 




 They don't sell albums they are political performance artists. 




 I don't know if most Russians are barbarians but most are afraid of any more change. They made one change in the last thirty years, a second change would be extremely hard. Pussy Riot is at the forefront of the next wave. 




 I don't know if that is the question.  Given the choice of standing idly by or fighting for what they believe in they have chosen the later. By leaving they would never have any influence over how Russia turns out. 




 But would you leave where you live if "far right authoritarians" took over power? One can flee or fight. Pussy Riot has chosen to fight and we should applaud them for their bravery. 




 They stay because they are not willing to leave the land that they love to the "far-right, authoritarian(s)" Would you? 




 Happy Cake Day! 




 It is popular among cultural snobs to dislike ComFest. They see themselves as being so much cooler than the event. What they forget is ComFest is whatever you want it to be.  




 Fat chance. Duke Energy runs NC along with Art Pope. Probably the best that can be expected is another fine. Hopefully the fine will be significant but somehow I doubt it.  




 The Chilean military was working with the US military before and after the coup. Please understand without US support there would not have been a coup. 




 Still no indictments but the legal fines are starting to mount. 




 It seems r/politics believes that once you lose your race for Governor you are no longer doing anything political. 




 Good to see Ken Cuccinelli landed on his feet. /s 




 A lot less impressive than the price tag. 




 Allende presente! 




 This is another Ham boondoggle. He is using the local government to lower his interest rate and then building an Ark which at best would be valued in the millions not multi-millions. 




 As we know US intelligence is always accurate. The fact that he is acting behind the scenes leads to real questions if he is who the US says he is. Killing him is the easy way out not the best way. 




 I find your use of the term "backwater ape" to be an offensive choice of wording at best and racist at worse. I'd hope you'd reconsider your comment. 




 Yes, cars have been a public health issue. That is why air bags and seat belts were added. Manufacturers added other safety features to make vehicles safer because so many people died using their product. 




 It is always something other than the guns. When so many people stop dying from guns it will not be a public health issue. 




 Will they change their minds if Gov. Brewer vetoes the bill? The actions of the legislature on this and other issues should make the Hispanic National Bar decide to stay home veto or not. 




 If one was looking for a worse case scenario, I'd choose a school district police force with AR-15s and school kids. 




 It is news to the GOP. 




 Not the case with Cruz but is true about W. 




 You are correct but not many are down right stupid. Many may lack common sense or well developed deductive reasoning but they have something upstairs to be at Harvard. 




 It is not that Harvard educated Cruz is not intelligent but rather that he is more interested in moving the GOP to the right than trying to prove that he is the smartest guy in the room. 




 These facts have had little impact on far-right and the conservative religious community in the US. 




 That's correct but the use of scientists to somehow verify his position is quite unusual. I know he is looking for a way out but the opposition will see thru his charade. 




 What plausible theory about homosexuals would call for their imprisonment?  




 What do scientists have to do with homosexuality? 




 This is what the GOP is best at deregulation. 




 The "may have" relates to the number of dead not the fact that civilians were killed. 




 This is the confirmation of those reports. 




 Stop talking sense. Where would libertarians be without conspiracies about the Fed, detention camps and the Trilateral Commission? 




 Not quite sure that this journalism or propaganda but it certainly will have some impact on newsgathering. 




 Then they don't want to be in the EU. It is their choice but I'm sure their economy will take a big hit if they ditch the EU. 




 To some a mystery is only made better by spinning it into a conspiracy.  




 I don't know if  this is an accounting issue but a contractual issue. More than likely the contract CCA has with Idaho calls for a minimum number of correctional officers on duty at a given time. These accounting errors allowed CCA to pay less in guard time than their contract called for. 




 Since the system is Linux based that is really possible. To go one step further in spy v. spy mode program in your adversaries facial features so if he captures the weapon he would shoot himself. 




 Thanks 




 This is the first sentence of the story. I did no editoriaiizing. Are you saying phys.org editorialized? If so can I resubmit under its original title Clever technology decodes more information from single photons 




 Would he say Jews are overly sensitive about the Holocaust?

EDITED: Grammar 




 [A new story this evening](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/apnewsbreak-nc-delays-coal-ash-deal-duke) shows the NC environmental agency was just about to settle fines for the Dan River spill for just under 100K.They are pulling their settlement. 




 Please take your bigotry someplace else. 




 This is not extraordinary news but how many people thought that Afghan forces would deteriorate this badly before the US forces left the country. 




 At some point he will have to answer the question if he wants to President. Better that he answers the question two years before the primaries not in the middle of the election. 




 Didn't hurt dope fiends Bush, Clinton and Obama become president. 




 No one is questioning him for being a hypocrite but rather that in 2014 he could not say he smoked. Presidents Clinton, Bush and Obama all have admitted smoking.  Who cares if a Senator from Florida smoked a joint? 




 Why it so hard for politicians to admit they smoked? They are living in the 1980s not the 21st century. 




 After the 4th if the Republicans gain control of the Senate their insanity will reach new heights. 




 And all African-Americans are lazy and all Jews are cheap. /s 




 Are the Europeans saying they will allow "too big to fail" banks to go under? 




 I's like to see a separate Environmental Justice category. Am I missing solar, wind and nuclear power? Where would cutting edge technologies like thermal and tidal fit in? I would also like a category for activism. 




 This my comment I posted to the story about their tagging:

This is the story's exact quote:

In 2006, Mactec, an independent contractor, inspected the waste pond and found "potentially serious seepage." Duke Energy was told to watch its underground pipes for leaks, according to documents from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency

Do you have any issues with my story headline?
 




 This is the story's exact quote:

In 2006, Mactec, an independent contractor, inspected the waste pond and found "potentially serious seepage." Duke Energy was told to watch its underground pipes for leaks, according to documents from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency

Do you have any issues with my story headline? 




 The Olympics are already a fantasy. We should be able to see the games warts and all. 




 The Republican credo: When you can not win within the rules, change the rules.  




 Sorry I didn't see it in the new queue or on the front page.

 




 Don't be sexist Palin/Ford. Isn't Canada the 51st state? /s 




 Once a buffoon always a buffoon. 




 How much money have the Republicans returned to corporate criminals like Bob Murray, the Koch brothers or Art Pope? This is just another Rand Paul political ploy to get him on TV. 




 We're too interested in Chris Christie, Sochi and Philip Seymour Hoffman. If only some celebrity or sporting event was happening in North Carolina people would be more interested. 




 Actually, yes. They did look similar to his art. It's funny, people see a big nose and scream jew. Actually, that's fucking hilarious. People so concerned with walking on eggshells that they make themselves more retarded. 

What makes people look retarded is their attempts to excuse away stereotyping bankers as Jews. This is common imaginary even though most bankers are not Jewish. The idea that you have no sensitivity to the stereotyping says more about you and your political baggage. 




 I don't know how real this bill is or just a ploy to gain for votes for Sen. Vitter in his race for Governor. 




 Republicans have always claimed they are better for the economy even though the data proves this claim false. The problem is many voters believe it is true. 




 Maybe Republicans can now understand the CBO report. I doubt it. They never let the facts get in the way of their talking points.

The other part of these 2.3 million FTE jobs is that that they are not being lost but unfilled. Some of those hours will go to the unemployed lowering even further the unemployment rate. Now that is real scary to the GOP and their talking point that the economy can not and will not improve under a Democrat. 




 If the sides were Lutherans vs. Methodists would you st that? 




 Notice he didn't say he didn't do it but rather he is being targeted for political reasons. 




 Why file charges after he failed to have any impact on the 2012 election? D'Souza seems to be logic challenged. 




 There is no might when you give money to your friends to make campaign contributions in their name to avoid contribution limits. 




 I'm  interested in a felony conviction with some jail time. I think a plea deal will involve no jail time and what message will that send. 




 Please no plea deal. It is time to show these offenders that this is not some joke where the only penalty is a slap on the wrist. These are felonies and those who destroy our parks should be treated as felons. 




 The national media is leading with this story on the nightly news. Christie's ship may have sailed. 




 The battle for the supposed soul of the GOP is staring to heat up again.

EDITED : typo 




 But certainly not below the station of the Koch's to use this opportunity to make political points. The Kochs are public figures so either they should grow a tougher skin or crawl back to where they came from. 




 Here is a [link to the report.](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.3322/caac.21215/abstract) 




 This might be a reason why the board made this decision. [Here is an article showing the corporate conflicts of two of the board members.](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2013-10-29/reef-board-members-in-conflict-of-interest-claims/5052558) 




 Here is the summary from [Science.](http://www.sciencemag.org/content/343/6170/516)
 




 It may be the wrong thing for the country but it is good for mobilizing the GOP base for the 2014 election. Which path do you think the Republicans will choose? 




 The conspiracists believe that the world is run by a cabal while the gullible have not yet fully bought into all the theories.  




 Conspiracists know and look for conspiracies. Gullible people believe it is true but don't necessarily believe that all these conspiracies are tied together in a world view. 




 I've said my piece. 




 There are no conversations just trolling. 




 Another in a long line of offenses done by President Obama which were perfectly fine and necessary under a Republican President. 




 It seems like you don't understand that you are a controversial figure. The way to back down the rhetoric is not to want to lead every subreddit in which your name is mentioned. 

You mod enough communities to gain experience. You do not need to add another one to your belt. 

Other communities may not mind you but there are a significant number that do. But if all you want is a fight then continue to demand to be added to this and every other subreddit that disagrees with you. 




 Why do you have to mod every subreddit that wants to question your motive and intentions? Why not be like any other redditor and engage in discussion without having to have the power?   




 Who knows if u/Luster is not an alt for u/TheRedditPope. All I know is u/luster has a bad attitude, conservative politics and overreaches in trying to stifle his enemies. 




 The idea that you want to be a mod r/politicalmoderation just bolsters the belief that all you are interested in is stifling discussion on Reddit. It doesn't matter how good or bad a moderator you are. By allowing you to mod this site you will successfully mute this community. It seems your only interest is in stopping people from fingering you for the damage you have caused to our communities. 

The name of of this website is Reddit not TheRedditPope. You want influence at this subreddit speak but leave the moderating to others who are more capable and honest. 




 [I read it happened about 4-5 days ago.](http://www.reddit.com/r/PoliticalModeration/comments/1wd6tq/utheredditpope_removed_from_rpolitics_after/) 




 Too bad the thousands who lose food stamps in this bill can not get high on hemp. 




 Here is [Nature's new summary](http://www.nature.com/news/acid-bath-offers-easy-path-to-stem-cells-1.14600) and links to the original article. 




 It better include voter fraud because that is the only way he can win. 




 Run, Donald, Run. We want to see you lose so badly. 




 Why are you getting involved in this discussion? I thought you are no longer a moderator of r/politics. It was pulled but it may be back now to save face. 

Here is the comment made to me by Luster in a response to mod mail.

[I did not remove it, but I agree with its removal](http://www.reddit.com/message/messages/1hy7uq)

You can see Luster later in the thread is looking to ban me for being a shill for the AP, the largest new organization in the US. He doesn't even know how AP works. I have never been paid by AP for writing anything. But facts probably will not be enough to stop the r/politics mods from doing what they are going to do. 




 Or when you've destroyed your target you move on. Please don't let the door hit you in the ass. 




 My comment to them:

The man whose song, We Shall Overcome, was adopted to lead the Civil Rights movement; the man whose songs led the Vietnam War protests; a leader in the struggle for human rights, social justice has died but his death is off-topic for politics. I really don't know what country you live in. This is one insult too many. Please leave the stage now your judgement is flawed. Your rules are inane and your political prejudices are too big.

EDITED: Grammar 




 He was the voice of generations of social activists. While many people may think they don't know Pete's music his obit show that his songs are part of the fabric of the world's musical fabric. He was a giant. He will be missed. Goodnight Pete. 




 From Cuba to South Africa from Selma to San Francisco the world is a little less joyful without Pete. His influence on millions through his activism and music was an inspiration to generations. I know his music will continue to influence millions more for years to come. Goodnight Pete. 




 He certainly didn't fake taking 26 minutes to die.

According to officials that is possible./s 




 They are trying to dump their liability before the lawsuits start 




 And there is no racism because there is no racism within his own family. 




 Thanks for pointing out that some progressive/left sites are not stellar examples of journalism. That doesn't mean they should be banned but they should not dominate r/politics. It is sites like alternet and other fringe left sites that allow the right-wing mods to make false equivalents between left and right websites. There is nothing on the left that is equivalent of breitbart.com or Fox News. 




 Sorry for the sloppy phrasing. Jews were victims and the rich are trying to equate themselves with Jews even though there is not the slightest equivalence. 




 The rich are portraying themselves as victims just like the Jews. This analogy is just despicable.  




 Only if you want to be as irrelevant as Arizona Republicans. 




 What's next Bary Goldwater was a secret Democrat because he once voted in favor of a Democratic bill? 




 Karzai doesn't want to share anymore. He thinks he can make a deal with the Taliban which he cannot make if the US is still in the picture. Good luck with that. 




 [Some of the settlers who rioted in the West Bank town of Hebron over the weekend gave IDF soldiers the Nazi salute, an officer who was wounded during the riots](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3200503,00.html)

and

[Settler acquitted in Nazi salute case](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3719860,00.html)

These are examples. 




 But if the US stays he is afraid that he and his friends could not finish looting the country. 




 The racists come out of the woodwork when Hitler is mentioned. 




 Because a math literate population is not needed in the computer age. 




 Why does it keep happening to Republicans. It is because they have no sensitivity about racial, gender, sexual preference and religious issues. These are not jokes, they never were jokes. These attacks are attempts to stereotype and demean other people. Until you understand this, it will continue to happen especially to Republicans and other like minded conservatives. 




 Far right Jews have used Nazi salutes against moderate Jewish leaders. However, the leaders faced with this provocation never mentioned Hitler. 




 This endless string of apologizes is getting tiresome. When photos like this are not floating around Republican circles they won't be posted. 
























 That is also the first time I've have seen Moamer as a spelling for his first name. 




 When will the system work this well when it comes to banksters? 




 The Tass story has not been confirmed by any other source including Exxon. 




 The unanswered question was which was the better band, the kazoo players or the Eagles? 




 Since you do not recognize scientific racial designations, I don't think this discussion has anyplace to go. 




 Nigeria may be on the African continent but it is nearly 3000 miles from Cape Town or 200 miles longer than the distance form Miami Florida to Seattle Washington. 




 Native Americans can use whatever name they want to describe themselves but Caucasians and others should have the decency not to use racial stereotypes or slurs. 




 Thanks for adding the pirate's point of view. 




 I had not realized the size and scope of the lair. 




 I agree except Obama's underground lair is in Kenya not Hawaii. 




 You don't have to make a separate database, just redact the fields that ID the cameras. This is done on many databases which are released that contain private information (i.e. SS numbers). 




 No. It is hard to report on a country when there are very few foreign reporters to get the news out. There is very little chance that foreign reporters will go to Yemen now because of the danger. 




 Facts don't mix with conspiracy theories. 




 WesternJournalism.com

WesternJournalism.com is a blogging platform built for conservative, libertarian, free market and pro-family writers and broadcasters by the Western Center for Journalism (WCJ).

The platform hosts hundreds of bloggers, and our content is widely distributed using social media. In 2013 WesternJournalism.com grew by 103% and served 41,486,142 page views to 13,479,014 unique visitors.

New blogs are able to be successfully launched using the platform because of the large audience actively served.

Western Center for Journalism

The Western Center for Journalism was founded in 1991 by Journalist Joseph Farah. Since 2007 the WCJ has been led by columnist and veteran broadcaster Floyd Brown.

WCJ is a vigorous watchdog that reports on government corruption and abuse. The Center is a strong defender of the 1st Amendment and believes strongly in open public debate. We believe that informed public debate requires quality journalism and reporting.

Our website, www.westernjournalism.com, is the place to go and read news exposing government corruption and media bias. Sign up for our daily e-mail updates so that you too can spread the message and hold government at every level, accountable.

Mission

Our mission is to inform and equip Americans who love freedom.

 




 When will we see this on /r/conspiracy. 




 Yes, but the area in which Ebola outbreak is taking place isn't where the most sophisticated medicine is practiced in Africa. 




 Except, in Africa with some of the worst health care in the world, [the mortality rate is scantly above 50%.](http://www.businessinsider.com/r-death-toll-in-west-africa-ebola-epidemic-reaches-2622-who-2014-9) 




 After over 70 years secret from Nazi death camps are still being revealed. The question is why no one looked under the road for a gas chamber before now. 




 No for Calpers but for some of these hedge funds it may have some impact. 




 The history of the civil war is still being written 150 years after the guns stopped firing. 




 Banksters didn't stop committing crimes in 2008. 




 What jobs skills does a fast food worker gain that is transferable to another industry besides learning to come to work on time. 




 Maybe now banksters will go to jail for the financial crimes they commit. This may be wishful thinking but we have to hope. 




 All well and good if both sides have the money to get their message across. However, when those making false statements can outspend those with the truth by 10, 20 or a hundred times there is a need for the government to intervene. 




 I guess aerial combat missions are not a strategy. 




 These bombing are not the work of socialists but anarchists. 




 No, Exxon was just starting to work on a new oil field in partnership with a Russian energy company. 




 This is a great victory for historians who will have the ability to access  these documents.  




 Chomsky is trying to make headlines. There is no way he really believes this. He is using hyperbole to make a point. 




 Even a broken clock is right twice a day. 




 One case is not widespread fraud. Voter fraud is rare at best. There have been almost no cases of fraud involving same day registration even in states that allow registration on Election Day. 




 You can not be serious. If the UN is a terrorist organization then what is ISIS? 




 I don't remember a single case of fraud related to golden week. 




 This is a legitimate source please go there and look. It posts stories with permission from major news sources just like Yahoo news. 




 The story is from the AP. Do you have a problem with the source? 




 Would the GOP run this ad with a man in pants? NO. Republicans are clearly making an issue that the Congress member is a women.   




 I guess if you're part of the majority and don't care about minority rights there is nothing to worry about. 




 The problem here is not that fast food workers will make a living wage, 40K, but that college profs are worth more than 50K a year. 




 I don't know where you are from by homes of felons do not get confiscated by the state in the US. 

In this case all Palestinians involved or not lose their land and the vast, vast majority had no hand in this action. That is collective punishment. 




 Another little known piece of history is uncovered in looking back at the robber baron era. 




 That doesn't seem surprising. 




 You may starve if you eat this stuff everyday. 




 AP always does that. 




 I suggest you read the story. The headline is the first sentence. 




 Better known as collective punishment. 




 First you send the the country into the Great Recession. Then the government bails out your company so that it is now profitable. Finally you feel wronged and sue the government for $25 billion. That is a new level of crass capitalism. Greenberg should have been jailed with all the other banksters. 




 And to show their appreciation for this sweetheart deal the furniture company donated to Gov. Walker's re-election campaign. Keep moving nothing to see here. 




 Isn't it amazing how regulators allowed the utility to build in an active earthquake zone. 




 Remember Alabama's state slogan "At least we are not Mississippi." 




 The US constitution is not suspended for those who enter this country by extra-legal means. If that was true, we would have a two tiered legal system one for citizens and one for non-citizens. The injustice of such a setup would totally eviscerate the Constitutional protections for both groups. 




 I have to take issue with the word "going" in your headline. 




 A first small step but change many times happens in small steps. 




 Thanks for remembering this wonderful Twilight Zone episode. 




 Police still play the role of enforcing the law. The difference is the number of guns in the US. 




 September 11th. 




 Thanks, you are now on mine. 




 By the way Happy Cake Day. 




 Too big to fail, too big to jail. 




 Jail, they don't need no stinking jail. /s 




 How about an MRAP with a police officer in full riot gear on top aiming a military sniper rifle on the crowd. 




 Authorities previously banned the march and threatened to block the BBC Russian service over an interview with an organiser.

Please read the article to get to links to earlier stories about this struggle in Siberia. 




 The blue wall was in place local before police forces were unionized. Don't take due process as the reason the police are not held to account for their actions. That is a failure on the part of police leadership. 




 I don't think police unionization has anything to do with the militarization of the police agencies. Police forces added all these "toys" because they were free or had a minimal cost.

Unions have helped police forces not to use arbitrarily actions to remove officers who do not believe in the consensus opinion of their bosses. Unionization has helped keep dissenting voices on the force. 




 Brilliance is not a hallmark of bank robbers. 




 I think austerity during a recession or debt crisis tends to have some minimal effect in the short term but bring about larger problems long term. 




 Our economy is way larger than Spain's. So it is a big deal. 




 The Libertarian answer: lower taxes and lower spending has been a long-term failure in most western countries that have tried it. The answer for Spain's economy is not to strangle it. 




 It is always amazing to see hidden stories get rediscovered. WWI was 100 years ago and we still are discovering new stories. 




 The situation in Ferguson is getting out of hand. The local police are no longer in control. It looks like St. Louis County police are now in charge and they have a much different attitude than the locals. 




 Sorry your file has been lost - FBI 




 The source for this story is suspect. 




 It shouldn't be. 




 A real Nigerian 419 scam.

Edit: 1.2 billion Nigerian Naira equals a little over $7.4 million 




 Thanks for posting this. [Here is another memorial page](http://org.salsalabs.com/o/2426/t/0/blastContent.jsp?email_blast_KEY=1304256), this one from Buffalo Field Campaign. 




 You mean Kansas may have violated its own law. I'm shocked. /s 




 The Ebola outbreak is not just getting out of control.It has been out of control for months in parts of Africa. What you seem to be saying it has begun to spread from Africa to the rest of the world. 




 Take a look at [world maps from the 20th century](http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/cabinetpapers/documents/maps-in-time.pdf) to see how it was national liberation struggles not internal coups that shaped the world in the early part of the 20th century. 




 They must consider Ghandi's political activities as a coup. 

The reality is between 1901 and 1960 is the era of national liberation. That is the period in which former colonial nations sought independence from there colonizers. To use this era as a baseline to compare with later eras is a false comparison. 




 Documents tell a story of corporate complicity with the murderous Brazilian junta. While corporate support for South American dictatorship is not unheard of, the proof it happened helps reveal how money determines corporate human rights policies.  




 This diary sheds light on one of the dark corners of history. A written account of what was happening in Cambodia as it was happening is a great find for historians. 




 Will they have to wear an ankle bracelet?  




 There is room for both stories. 




 I didn't question the facts but the source and the analysis. 




 That is the expectation. Maybe the voice recording aren't included in the black box system? 




 Who knew? 




 I would have no problem with all states having to get preclearance with special attention to those places with past records of clear discrimination. 




 Using a breitbart.com story to talk about Fox News and TV ratings is like using /r/socialism to talk about income inequality. 




 From 1975-1978 Pol Pot and friends were Maoists who committed genocide on their own people, no later conversion can change that fact. 




 This may not have gone unnoticed locally but has certainly not been a world story. 




 Thanks, you are correct 




 Are you saying mines can't operate without causing massive damage to the environment? 




 1.3 billion gallons of water polluting an area of Canada. No big deal.
Hundreds losing drinking water. Not a big enough tragedy. /s 




 Would you drink water in Toledo even though the government has said it is OK? That's what I thought. 




 You are why Reddit is a special place. 




 WV, NC, Ohio the questions about industrial pollution of our drinking water is becoming a worldwide scandal. 




 No. This is not  a science blog. It is a progressive blog. 




 Even a broken clock is right twice a day. 




 Franklin Park Conservatory 




 By the way we rank about 30th as a Metro area while being the 15th largest city. 




 Thanks for fixing that. 




 Keep dreaming.  




 Isn't the name, Republicans? 




 The 100th anniversary of the beginning of WWI has lead to an extensive reexamination of the war and its ramifications. 




 Thank you. I told that to the mods but they never really answered 




 I never mentioned Muslims. I think the story is important that is why I posted it with a disclaimer. 




 It seems the Nigerian army is not up to the task of taking on Boko Haram. 




 I'm not sure this is the way things happened but dozens of Uighars are dead in northwest China. 




 I was at the game. 9 




 This is a 69 year old story being told by a participant. It continues to show the history of WWII is still being revealed.  




 Happy cake day. Where is your cute kitty picture? 




 $370 million dollar fine for manipulating the world's banking system, where is the justice? Who is going to jail? 




 To the oil industry any day ending in "y" is an exceptional circumstance. 




 The only way to build a third or fourth party is not to abandon the two parties but to build local party organizations and work our way up. By abandoning one of the two parties on the national level is to give the party you like the least your vote. Until we build a new party locally we are stuck on a national level with what we have. 




 I have always wondered why fines and penalties for corporate malfeasance are not at least equal to the profit made by the company. I know companies write these laws but where is the public outrage and demand for equal justice 




 So it is the Palestinians faulted for protesting not the Israelis fault for shooting.  




 I used the first sentence of the story. Is that OK?  




 The ban of NBC preceded the establishment of /r/NBCnews. CBS News is also banned. 




 $3.3 million is not enough. Where are the criminal charges? The resignations? The firings? 




 We can't stop attacks on Dodd-Frank. How are we going to pass Glass-Steagall? 




 That is certainly not a reason to kill Dodd-Frank. Like any law it may need tweeks but all the GOP wants to do is kill it. Is it worth $100 an appraisal to you to kill a major piece of financial regulation? 




 The study can be found [here.](http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2446950) 




 That theory works a lot of the time but it didn't in 2008 when Barack Obama beat the better known Hillary Clinton. 




 [China Dynasty in the Lane Ave. Shopping Center](http://www.chinadynasty-cmh.com/)

EDIT: To include link 




 Opening up the UN archive on WWII will allow tens of thousands of people including scholars and historians easy access to important files. While there may not be any great revelation, the release of this many records may help show patterns that were not seen before. 




 That says more about the GOP than about Romney. 




 I don't disagree with your assessment and I don't think Falcone has a chance in hell to win this lawsuit. 




 Actually it was the other way around. the GPS bands were migrating into LightSquared spectrum. LightSquared problem is they were trying to stop or block that migration. The government considered their efforts as a threat to the current GPS system. 




 It is always important to see new footage from WW1. The digitization project is bringing WW1 images out of library stacks onto the internet. 




 I'm surprised it took so long for some in South Florida to realize Rubio's failings. 




 That may be true for the Kurds in Iraq but those in Turkey have been fighting for decades for a free and independent Kurdistan which would include them. 




 Sounds good but the Turkish government has been opposed to a Kurdish state. The Turks believe any Kurdish homeland will try to incorporate large parts of eastern Turkey which has a substantial Kurdish population. 




 Here is the [press release from Senator Cruz.](http://www.cruz.senate.gov/?p=press_release id=1502) 




 Here is a story about the [Cambridge 5](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-cambridgeshire-28143770) from the newly disclosed documents. 




 Oops. Sorry for the error in the headline. The demo was planned for Richmond VA. 




 It is amazing those who call for IDs for voting do not want a national ID card. The truth is the ID is just a smoke screen to limit voting of those that some people find undeserving to have the right to vote. 




 Then why not a national ID card for all these purposes? 




 The release of 19 boxes of KGB documents is a major contribution to the history of Russian intelligence in the last years of the Soviet Union. 




 Voters need an ID but I'm sure you oppose a national ID. 




 You would think. However, when it comes to holding the right accountable there always seems to be a double standard.  




 It's called Larry Craig syndrome. 




 The words "profoundly troubled" were taken verbatim from the State Department's official statement. 




 The role of Poland in breaking the enigma code is often left out of the history books. On the 75th anniversary of an historic meeting in Polish and British codebreakers this history is being rediscovered. 




 It's amazing how often banks are forced against their will to help others break the law. /s 




 Logic. They don't use no stinking logic. 




 The article clearly states it was written by AFP. By the way here is a picture from [AFP of one of the houses burning.](https://twitter.com/AFP/status/483760527886151680)
 




 Thanks for your firsthand account. 




 AFP is one of the three top world news agencies.

Your description of Arabs in this comment is racist. Please keep your comments civil and unoffensive. 




 Guilty before being proven innocent. 




 War is not good for archaeological sites. 




 Unfortunately Cheney hopes this is true, so the stain of 9/11 will be removed from his tarnished legacy.  




 Historical preservation should not be an afterthought to development. Placing electrical power lines in sight of the Jamestown Island is like placing electrical lines through Yellowstone Park. 




 To Congress this is tantamount to cruel and unusual punishment. 




 That is just one reason to ban drones. 




 And the House Ethics Committee finally decided to actually do their job by making a finding of wrongdoing.  




 Wnd.com is not a reliable source for world news. 




 Actual runs are unusual because banking officials usually step in before a run starts. Once a run starts it can bring down an entire country's banking system. 




 What is it about former Bush administration official's inability to say they were wrong or admit they made a mistake? 




 So you support the possibly unannounced dropping of pepper spray on groups of people demonstrating? Especially if done by private parties? 




 Bottom of page 16 




 If you don't think Cantor's religion played a role in his defeat, you're  dreaming. 




 Bachmann on an intelligence committee is an oxymoron. 




 In some cases money is returned to the injured parties but a portion is penalty paid to the government. It depends on the terms of the settlement or the jury decision. 




 But the judge's ruling has embolden the anti-tenure diehards.  




 The story was picked up by Talking Points Memo on Monday and subsequently blew up on Reddit, where tales of Congressional corruption  particularly involving Republicans  are catnip 




 It is wrong and illegal for Congresspeople to take money in exchange for their vote. That is the law. 




 Best Congress money can buy. 




 It is a quid pro quo and illegal. 




 OP says oops. 




 I don't think this case is about public school personnel but about corrupt officials. We know that a number of private/religious school officials are just as corrupt as public school administrators. 




 Oops. My mistake. I have reposted the article from the original source. 




 The idea the soldiers were playing games in the trenches is a fascinating look at WW1. The diaries which talk about these 'sports' were recently released in the UK. 




 I hope you are not saying that the Nazis didn't target Jews.  




 Real change takes years and lots of blood sweat and tears. Those who fought for this sea change are real heroes. 




 We don't have to hang them. I'd just like to see a couple go to jail. If that happened a couple of times see how fast banks would get their houses in order. 




 The GOP's rhetoric has been the Tea Party is in retreat. Tuesday's results show the Republican meme is not holding up. 




 The number has soared from the early reports but I don't know that we have reached a final death toll. 




 These guys were not rocket scientists they are nuclear engineers. 




 It is on the front page of r/worldnews. If you think this story should be on other sites, post stories on those sites. 




 This was a very early story. There was no attempt to downplay the number of dead or missing. 




 I chose the first sentence of the story because it added detail if clumsily.  




 Just give it a rest. This is about the death of hundreds of Turks not about US politics. 




 That would be totally tragic. I'm just hoping an early news report like this is not accurate. 




 Do you think the US would have brought criminal charges against the company? I think not. 




 I guess you know of a bunch of jobs that no one else knows about. People take the jobs that are available if they pay $15/hr great. If not that one they take the one that pays only $7/hr.  




 That seems to be the opinion of a good number of redditors. I wished these people would work at a low paying job, as their only income without help from anyone else, before they make some of their insensitive comment. 




 The story has changed since it was originally posted. I'm thinking of deleting the story and reposting with the new headline and story. 




 An increase in the minimum wage usually means higher wages for many people whose wages are just above the new minimum. 
























 Or "I'd like to pass on answering that question." 




 Mexico is opposed to nationals being murdered in foreign countries not on its native soil. 




 Looking to the future Vint Cerf is seeing the computer as a possible obstacle for future historians. 




 Did anyone expect a different outcome? 




 I post this article to stir discussion. I do not agree with the author on everything in this story.

I take particular objection to the authors assessment of seasoned journalists. We are not lazy nor hacks. There are good and bad journalists of all ages. Flat out statements about the abilities or inabilities of older journalists are ageist.
 




 Being snarky certainly does not add anything to the discussion. Please try to be constructive. 




 So the stupid days are over? I didn't know. 




 In some subreddits an offensive user name is enough to get you banned. Individuals have to really consider what their user name says to others. 




 Racial/heritage slurs are not appropriate at NTO 




 Please look at the same site's section on [cruelty in the Bible.](http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/cruelty/long.html)

By your logic Christianity/Judaism are inherently violent. 




 The idea that a trained professional (police officer) can not tell if someone is disoriented, is either a training failure or a person not suited to be a peace officer.  




 Thanks for your comment. I have been where you are. I really admire your ability to keep your focus. It is so easy to lose hope. 

Keep looking for that job, no matter what it is. One day that phone will ring. 




 The headline says 5,000 the article says 5 million. 




 It just showed up. 




 This is the best [pic](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-cambridgeshire-31085336) I could find. 




 Sounds good to me. 




 Please blame the article, it is the first sentence. 




 Thanks for understanding. 




 Then the fault does not lie with the writer but the editor who read this story and could not find fault with the obit as written. 




 It is the opening paragraph. Please do not try to defend this poorly written obit for sake of being a contrarian.  




 So what do they think about Marie Le Pen and the PEDIGA movement? 




 It is only six words in the most important sentence of the obit.  




 Their mother is a hamster and their father smells of elderberries.

Go away or we'll taunt you a second time. 




 Having also worked in newspapers you have to wonder why this obit had to be written on the fly. 




 Another article critical of The Australian's obit was [written by the Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jan/30/colleen-mcculloch-well-celebrate-a-woman-for-anything-as-long-as-its-not-her-talent?CMP=share_btn_fb) 




 We are still number one in bankers who avoid criminal prosecutions. 




 Had no idea. Sorry. 




 These announcements are pre-written news stories. Thy are intended to run as is by local news media outlets. The idea is so bad that after being questioned by the news media Gov. Pence is backing off his proposal. 




 It took a couple of seconds but it just loaded for me. 




 They needed more than closure they needed justice. 




 When providers refuse to upgrade services because of geographic location or economic status the issue becomes political and the president has the obligation to defend those being disenfranchised.  




 What restrictions are being placed on providers from providing cheap, fast internet? Oh right, companies want you to pay extra for faster speeds. The problem isn't the government but the providers. 




 I suggest [First Unitarian Universalist Church of Columbus](http://firstuucolumbus.org/) for their warm and open approach. The church does not discriminate against alternative lifestyles. The UU certainly is not preachy. 

I am not a member but I go there on occasion.  




 How has that worked so far? 




 It amazes me that it took 75 years to right this historic wrong. Many of the doctorates may have been been awarded to victims of the Holocaust.
 




 Black sheriff killed by white survivalist, if the the roles were reversed do you think there would have been charges? You know the answer would be yes. 




 The wikipedia article makes no claims that the group has training facilities in the US. The article also makes it clear that the group does not appear on any US terror list. So I'm not sure this proves your point. 




 You insult journalism and journalism schools when you use those terms in the same sentence with Neil Cavuto. 




 And what did these calls have to do with terrorism? So now the US admits tracking calls to stop "terrorist attacks" and to look for supposed drug dealers.  




 So FXCM is too big to fail? 




 Facts and evidence just confuse the issue. /s 




 I want no executions. American exceptionalism doesn't mean we get to be worse than the next guy. 




 I think former host Mike Huckabee is more their cup of tea. 




 We know who isn't getting the Faux News endorsement. 




 Fascinating historical tidbit that I never really thought about. 




 Comments that come off as racist do not further the discussion.  




 They have little recourse if they are not willing to play hard ball. Every bill needs to have an amendment added to it to block the house SS change. Those not willing to vote to go back to the old rules should be made to pay at the voting booth. 




 Sorry. I looked for another submission on this issue and didn't find one. 




 Having lived in NY, I feel no safer knowing that police officers are using illegal chokeholds to subdue suspects.

I do feel the use of this illegal tactic has been used on suspects who have committed minor offenses. The end result is the police are being criminal in trying to capture "criminals." 




 It was not Iraq that didn't agree to a status of forces agreement but the US. The US didn't not want its forces to be subject to local laws. 




 So lets collectively punish all Muslims for the actions of a very few. The problem is when people talk in absolutes which allows them to blame everyone when only a few are guilty. 




 This is Rupert Murdoch, he believes the only unjustified violence is the violence he doesn't support . 




 No, they will just ignore the ruling. As we all know the police believe themselves to be above the law.  




 Thanks. It looks like NASA saw the Nordgren posters and created their own versions. 




 What next federal hate crime protection for white nationalists? 




 Happy cake day 




 This settlement is was less than Shell would have paid if the the spill happened in Europe or North America. 




 From Wikipedia about Byrd's record after his vote on the 1964 Civil Rights Act:

For the 20032004 session, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP)[62] rated Byrd's voting record as being 100 percent in line with the NAACP's position on the 33 Senate bills they evaluated. 16 other senators received that rating. In June 2005, Byrd proposed an additional $10 million in federal funding for the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Memorial in Washington, D.C., remarking that, "With the passage of time, we have come to learn that his Dream was the American Dream, and few ever expressed it more eloquently."
 




 The difference is that Robert Byrd renounced his KKK past and became an advocate for civil rights.   




 It's amazing how powerful the left is according to some. They have the ability to convince 98 percent of climate scientists with a totally false theory. /s 

Sometimes when everyone agrees it is not a conspiracy but the truth. 




 What Bush's actions say to me is there is fire below the smoke. 




 Thanks for the heads up. 




 Kinshasa 




 We have to remember Duke was Republican Party official and a Republican State Rep. in the late 80s and early 90s. Prior to that he had run and failed to win office as a Dem. 




 The mysterious death of a UN official who was taking the world out of the era of colonialism is bound to raise questions. Hammarskjold death was as shocking to the world as the assassination of JFK that happened two years later.

EDITED: grammar 




 It does matter. Just like it mattered to reexamine the assassinations US President John F Kennedy and Swedish PM Olaf Palme.  




 This plane crash stunned the world 50 years ago. Questions stlll remain about what really happened. This investigation may help clear the air. 




 Speculators are always moved by real news stories. The problem is when speculators take nonexistent or inconsequential news and manipulate the market to increase their profits. 




 Especially when they are protecting their patronage networks. 




 Why does every reply have to go back to the old sexist adage that women are bad drivers? Can we get past the silly notion or are you deep down as sexist as Saudi society.  




 Failing to file court records is not an everyday occurrence. Why were papers not filed? Has there been any punishment for the person or persons who made the error? Have there been other instances of failing to file paperwork with the court? Who was in charge of the investigation?

Just a couple of beginning questions to get to the truth about this "paperwork" error. 




 Five finger discount. The real question is why isn't this process computerized. To some this is exactly the reason not to computerize these records. 




 If you listen to BP the Gulf has been cleaned and they are the saviors of the environment. 




 So your saying law enforcement went ahead with a wiretap without legal authorization or as the article says they had authorization and the document no longer exists. I think the latter seems more plausible. 




 Please keep your comments focused on Economics not your personal opinions about immigration. 




 Even if your reading is correct, some of those services being provided by private contractors has been security. That security included protection for high value targets. 

About your insult about getting my skills from Faux News, I can assure you during my 30 year reporting career I have never been employed by Murdoch interests.

EDITED; Please read the story before commenting

Still, the preparations to increase the number of contractors - who can be responsible for everything from security to vehicle repair and food service - underscores Obama's growing commitment in Iraq 




 The government isn't allowed to ask for larger fines when the oil industry is reaping windfall profits. In this case some of the excess profits were the result of the disaster BP caused. 




 Many of those who came before the current immigrants snuck under fences, used false documents, extended their stays indefinitely and were not recognized as illegals. However when their skin is brown it is easier to equate the new immigrants as being other and not no one of us. 




 That will benefit a non-first world country. 




 Sending a private army to Iraq is more than providing military advisers. Supplying a proxy army is just providing US boots on the ground without military uniforms. 




 Do you call your friends working off the books illegal workers? i don't think so. Those who are emigrating to the US are no more illegal that than those who came before them, the Italians, Jews, Irish, Eastern Europeans, Chinese and others. 




 Five million workers doing the jobs the vast majority of documented workers will not take

Five million workers who are exploited by unscrupulous employers

Five million workers who often pay taxes through their paychecks but are denied benefits like other workers. 




 Is that why Brand is continuing to make public appearances as a celebrity (musician/comedian)? 




 Russell Brand is a comedian by profession, while Beck is a pundit and leader of a movement. I don't see the equivalence. 




 BP says it has paid $14 billion to cleanup the Gulf. Just because you fix your mistake doesn't mean you shouldn't be fined for causing the damage in the first place. 




 The fine seems low to me. 




 History repeats itself but there is no savior for Russia. 




 Usually a DA would choose a story line and present it the grand jury. In this case all the testimony was presented without guidance which had the outcome that no one could agree on what happened. This made the no bill of indictment the most likely outcome. 




 Chris Hayes on MSNBC is talking about the chart tonight for some additional insight. The clip in not up on the web at this time. 




 How does killing a US official "support" anyone's reelection campaign? Please don't answer the question is rhetorical. 

 




 For those wanting a bettr source please [check out this article in the LA Times.](http://www.latimes.com/science/sciencenow/la-sci-sn-a-rhinohorse-india-20141120-story.html)

Thanks to /u/Athterath for the tip. 




 I'm sorry I forget racism is not politics. 




 Not a fix but a fib. 




 Plague is still around and is treatable with modern medicines if caught quickly. The disease is extremely contagious. There are a number of cases in the US Southwest every year.

EDIT: It is not contagious but rather carried by fleas which are rampant in areas with plague.  




 Certainly you do not mean 300 million Walmart shoppers in the US. [The entire population of the US is under 320 million.](http://www.census.gov/popclock/) 




 I thought it could be borderline. Thanks for the heads up.  




 [Here is a link to the journal](http://mct.aacrjournals.org/content/early/recent) with the info on getting the article at the bottom of the page. 




 Stripping the young women is an act of shaming them. This would certainly send a message to these women not to wear mini-skirts. It also sends the message that women need to be controlled by society (men). 




 I'm sorry that I double posted. I put the URL of every submission into Reddit's search engine to make sure that my post is an original. For some reason it doesn't always work on BBC stories. 




 No, conspiracy to evade safety laws. 




 "To prove I"m not racist I didn't use the N***** word." /s 




 I don't think so. [BP's profit in 2013 was 15 billion almost enough to cover the fine.](http://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/bp/financials) This does not take into account the 40 billion BP set aside for the Deepwater Horizon disaster. 




 This is a way to get mine owners to pay up or go to jail. Now I wish someone could turn their attention to bankers. 




 Barbour: "I always use racial slurs when talking about the President of the US." /s 




 Barbour: "I always use racial slurs when talking about the President of the US." /s 




 Nestle is an adherent of the old adage "there is no bad publicity." 




 If President Obama had made a strong defense of net neutrality before the midterm election would we be facing a Republican control Congress? A Congress which is in the hip pocket of the cable/telecommunications industry.  




 However, no one is going to jail. 




 I am also a poll worker and I love that it has made you feel more connected to the political process. 




 Yes, people should give up their right to chose their representatives and let Christian fundamentalists, right-wing bigots and the 1% chose for them. That sounds like a good idea. /s 




 It is hard not to be pessimistic when the Ohio Democratic Party is such a woeful mess. The answer is to turn the ODP into a real party that is seriously interested in winning elections. 




 The problem was not Redfern's personality but his failure to professionalize the the party's operation and his inability to have a vision for building the Democratic Party. The party has not had anyone in charge with a real vision since at least the 1980s. 




 Please see the [article from the BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29859942) to understand how 100,000 people could be involved in this protest. 




 Ebola doesn't effect just people over the age of 21.  




 Tell that to the millions of senior citizens who receive Medicare which has  lowered the poverty rate for the elderly. 




 Given the arsenal displayed in Ferguson, I have to wonder what new military toys St. Louis County has picked up now. The money I'm sure would have been better spent f it was used to relieve economic poverty in the county. 




 That is if you don't include mental defects. 




 However, the historical complaint is that Rasmussen is pro-Republican. 




 I don't think Brownback would have mentioned the timing of the poll if it
showed him in the lead. 




 Thanks. I didn't see that. 




 The Battle of Vimy Ridge in 1917 is considered to be a pivotal moment in Canadas history. It was the first time that all four Canadian divisions of the Canadian Expeditionary Force fought together in the First World War and is seen by some as the time that Canadians started to see themselves as an independent nation and not a colony of Great Britain 




 I think that is a first world problem. 




 NOAA says the globe averaged 60.3 degrees Celsius last month  the hottest September ever going back through 135 years of record-keeping

That would be 140 degrees Fahrenheit. Daily Caller should know that would be a world record. What else is wrong in the story? 




 That includes the smoke shop owners. 




 That is correct. Do you want Iraq politics for $400. 




 Basically the Iraq PM is telling the Sunnis as long as ISIS doesn't encroach on Shiite lands they are on their in fighting the so-called Islamic State. 




 I love learning bout historical details of events I never knew happened. While this is not a major event it certainly is unique. 




 There is no need for anyone on Reddit to play devils advocate. The devil does it quite well by its self. 




 The US may do better dropping $500,000 in bills. 




 Spoken like someone who has never worked at minimum wage after being a teenager. 

There should be no job where your wage cannot provide you with a living wage. No one should need public assistance if they are working for 40 hours. Government should not subsidize low paying industries. 




 But I thought McCain criticized the president for having too many czars. The Surgeon General has not been approved by Congress because of criticism by the NRA. 




 I was out of work for a year in an industry which was consolidating. Yes i networked and even move to another city where I had more contacts. I was a finalist for two jobs and both fell through. 

I did stay in the job and remain there. I now make more than the minimum wage.

I find your questions having to justify my existence demeaning and insulting.  




 I made high five figures. I lost my job and needed a new job immediately. I started at quarter above minimum wage. I must have done something wrong under your logic. 




 Is getting laid off their fault? Is getting sick their fault? Is losing a relationship? 




 Yes those people chose poverty over making more money. /s

That is one of the most shortsighted views that I have ever seen on Reddit. 




 Tell that to the middle age women working in Walmart or the elderly man working at McDonalds. Please get your facts straight. 




 Tell that the victims who survived Ebola because of the work of these nurses. 




 These new documents seems to add new evidence to the long running debate about Oppenheimer's loyalty to the US. 




 The Koch brothers. 




 La Liga was betting that the threat to tossed the team out of the league would get them to withdraw their support. La Liga seems to have gotten it wrong. 




 Once again a false equivalence argument is being used to excuse the actions of the GOP. Because some Democrats may use the same tactics as the GOP it doesn't excuse the Republican campaign of fear and intimidation. 




 Why aren't the companies who caused the health problems not paying the bill? 




 HuffPost was the first site to post this story. I am not a fan but you go with the news you get. 




 It would help if someone could translate this story. 




 Four point five million is just the price of doing business to a major driller. This will do little or nothing to cleanup the environmental damage done by drillers. 




 I wonder if the French Tea Party crowd are constitutional fundamentalists like their US counterparts? The French constitution is more socially liberal than the US constitution. 




 Also an oil spill would take everyone's mind off the Ebola crisis./s 




 [Yes](http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2014/09/26/chiquita-revises-inversion-deal/16256989/) and a monopoly on the world's banana supply is the topping on the cake. 




 So conspiracists are to blame for the assassinations of JFK, MLK , RFK and others. /s 




 What Marx missed was the corruption of the lower classes by giving them excess cash to get them to buy into the system. Meanwhile, the rich were taking most of the money and securing their advantage for decades/centuries to come. 




 I don't think hedge fund managers work any harder than construction workers but their pay is wildly different. They both have different skill sets but but that doesn't explain the disparity in their wages. Some hedge fund managers make eight figure salaries. 




 Thanks for clearing PO Wilson before all the evidence is in. /s 




 Do you have a medical license? I love how people decide that those using medical marijuana are fakers who just want to get high. Proof please. 




 I am not sure you understand how people become eligible for medical marijuana. These are not teenagers but people with actual medical conditions. 




 These shareholders bought into Freddie and Fannie after 2008 in the hopes that they would recapture the dividend the Maes had not paid during the  Great Recession. These hedge funds were banking on shareholders being paid back before the government. 




 This is new information about how far the US was willing to go to combat the "domino theory." 




 I thought the chart was good even if it was not the definitive dataset that proves the world economies are about to collapse. 




 That was the title on the article. I know there is more than one chart but I tend to go with the story's title or the first sentence in the article. 




 However, every year during the switchover there are these emergency refinery shutdowns in enough separate locations to cause the price of gasoline to spike even higher than expected.  




 This same problem happens every year yet the refiners seem unable to solve the problem. The net result is prices rise on short supply and the refiners reap larger profits. 




 Abbas does recognize Israel and is not lobbing anything into Israel. He is the head of state recognized by Israel and the world. What's the issue? 




 Here is Stewart's take on the [Faux News attack on women in the military.](http://thedailyshow.cc.com/videos/b7hxzd/the-way-we-war) 




 There is always collateral damage in a war. /s 




 Here is a story from the [Daily Caller calling MSNBC sexist.](http://dailycaller.com/2011/05/26/msnbc-is-a-cesspool-of-misogyny/) 




 And if this was said on NBC or CBS News the right would be calling for immediate resignations even if it was on a show like Today or CBS Morning. 




 Asking for ID is not the issue but the restrictions on the type of ID required to prove you are who you are. 




 But if the open carry advocate was black would the result have been different? Setting aside the fact that an African-American open carry advocate would not do this alone because of the danger. 




 Would the police have fired if the guy with he gun was an open carry advocate? Almost everyone would say no. Then why did the police shoot in this instance? 




 That is because a selected video clip is the one that was released to the public not the full video. There has been a demand to see all the tapes as well as a full tape of the shooting which has not been made available to the public. 




 You have obviously seen the video. If you have not you are making facts up. 




 Marco Rubio is a Cuban-American. 




 Lets chip everyone in the US to avoid a crime committed by less than .001 percent of the public. /s 




 This is the basic thought process that leads to a myriad of Obama conspiracy theories.  




 He is running to the right of Hillary on foreign policy which is tough to do in the Democratic Party. 




 You are correct. In this case the opposition has gone beyond the bounds to blame the president for domestic violence in the NFL. This is how conspiracy theories are born. 1+1 does not equal three four or any other number other than 2. 




 I thought he already had. /s 




 What accident? There was a controlled release of harmless waste water allowed under their discharge permit. /s 




 This is mostly a divestment campaign with boycotts of consumer products. 




 I guess the vast majority of scientists and climatologists most be wrong. /s 




 [Here is a story about the different spellings](http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2011-03-01/opinion/ct-talk-gadhafi-spellings-0302-20110301_1_spelling-moammar-kadafi-moammar-gadhafi) by newspapers for Gaddafi. The AP style is "Moammar Gadhafi."  




 Qaddafi was in it for the green. 




 [Here is CNN"s article](http://www.cnn.com/2014/09/19/us/peanut-butter-salmonella-trial/) which has some more detail but there was not a lot of coverage of this historic prosecution and conviction. 




 The sounds of letters in Arabic do not correspond with the letters in the English alphabet. Also there has been no standardization in how those sounds should be written in English. 




 Thanks for the information. 




 There was an issue a year or two ago about a plant in New Mexico but I hadn't heard about an issue recently. 




 When will they even try for a criminal conviction when it comes to the banksters? 




 Pulling this story seems to have more to do with pleasing the Dispatch's Republican owner than reporting the news with fairness and without favoritism. 


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































 What political views do you think stops me from supporting this action by the President? 




 Under that logic undocumented workers do not have the any rights so they should be deported immediately but they have the right to challenge deportations. The prisoners at Guantanamo Bay should have no access to the court system but they do. 




 By the way Happy Cake Day 




 Burundi 




 Dolphins are beaching themselves in record numbers in the Gulf of Mexico. They are still cleaning up the oil in Prince William Sound. Those are just two instances of the the things that "never happen."

EDIT: Grammar 




 The headline says "make increasing use of...drones." No one is saying drones aren't being used now. 




 Even with non-NHL players the South Koreans will be hard pressed to be competitive let alone win a game. 




 So a country can avoid paying a debt by declaring its legal opponent "the enemy." 




 The Rosenberg case has been debated for more than sixty years. The Rosenberg's claimed there innocence till their execution. Any new evidence to settle this case is important 




 We all love Jeni's but this is bad news. 




 I think you are stealing the fish from the dolphins. You have many choices in meals, dolphins are limited to the fish in the sea. 




 I spend hours doing that over at /r/worldnews. 




 Thanks, I looked back 24 hours not two days. 




 The citation for the study can be found at [sciencedirect.](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0012821X15001879) 




 "Excuse me, is this a piece of your brain" - Fawlty Towers 




 What can Europe learn? How to deny human rights? 




 [Identifying personal microbiomes using metagenomic codes](http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2015/05/08/1423854112.abstract) 




 These are the first three sentences of the story. The headline was more inflammatory with less information, "A Game of Chicken: USDA repeatedly blinked when facing salmonella outbreaks involving Foster Farms" 




 If the women was attractive would it make her horrendous crime any more palatable? The idea you would comment about the physical appearance of the woman and not the crime is odd. 




 Is there some problem with governments demanding that big banks follow the law? These laws were written by the banks. 




 This is a story from [Daily Sabah and the AP.](http://www.dailysabah.com/politics/2015/05/06/germany-bans-terrorist-dhkpc-affiliated-newspaper) 




 Life is always stranger than fiction. 




 It is not they don't care about their constituents needs but rather winning elections is about money. A legislator can overcome bad press with lots of money but without money there is no media. 




 Those are aggregate contributions not individual donations made directly to a candidate for federal office.

EDIT: If there were no limits on speech you could make unlimited contributions to individual candidates.  




 That is not what the Supreme Court said in [Buckley v. Valeo](http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?court=US vol=424 invol=1) 




 I think a bail of $50 -100,000 would have ensured his appearance. The crime is vandalism. 




 So attacking a police car is a more serious crime than murder? These two offenses are not even in the same ballpark. If Bullock was on the street would he likely commit the same act? His bail had little to do with the crime he committed. His bail is punitive.  




 Why is it that the US government has little trouble trying foreign banks for criminal behavior? Yet that same court system cannot convict a single US banker for the their financial dealings that caused the Great Recession. Just asking. 




 How does someone fully recover from severe depression? A person may have made adjustments in their life to deal with it but it is extremely hard to "fully recover." At the very least he should have been on a medical watch list. 




 I guess the Sun thinks those who rioted after the 1993 Rodney King beating were clairvoyant because they were playing out scenes from a 2013 movie. 




 The 66 civilians killed in air strikes seems unrealistically low. 




 How many spills does it take to get criminal charges filed? Fines of $5 million have never had any effect on changing the corporate culture of pollution. 




 This attack is part of the plan to establish a country which would be a "greater Albania" which would include large portions of the former Yugoslavia. 




 This is good news and bad news. The news will be taken by whaling nations as a green light to expand the slaughter of whales. 




 Nestle may not be the total problem but their unlicensed water business certainly is not helping. 




 This is not even a slap on the wrist. These Freddie Mac executives cost the government billions and they will pay less than one years salary for their criminal action. When will there be true justice for the bank criminals. 




 As the old saying goes, follow the money. 




 If Kasich is considered moderate the GOP is now way to the right of Mayberry. 




 Don't give the airlines industry any thoughts. 




 That's right. There has never been a nuclear plant disaster./s 




 You don't think working in the food industry clouds your judgment. 

The article starts out talking about Lupin but then goes on to talk about the way food companies self regulate on the safety of additives.
Is this true? 




 Try the [Gallup site.](http://www.gallup.com/poll/182348/uninsured-rate-dips-first-quarter.aspx) 




 This would not have happen under Gaddafi. Gaddafi ruled with an  iron fist which stifled the opposition. 




 Right now the plan is to pray that it all goes away. Fat chance. 




 The first step in building a database is collecting all the data and then getting the specifics on each incident. The only way to find out how many of the deaths are justified or not is know how many deaths there are in total. 




 It doesn't matter what you call it, if a quid pro quo is involved it is a crime. 




 The psychedelic state induced by ayahuasca modulates the activity and connectivity of the default mode network.
PLoS ONE
PLoS One 2015 18;10(2):e0118143. Epub 2015 Feb 18.
Fernanda Palhano-Fontes, Katia C Andrade, Luis F Tofoli, Antonio C Santos, Jose Alexandre S Crippa, Jaime E C Hallak, Sidarta Ribeiro, Draulio B de Araujo

The experiences induced by psychedelics share a wide variety of subjective features, related to the complex changes in perception and cognition induced by this class of drugs. A remarkable increase in introspection is at the core of these altered states of consciousness. Self-oriented mental activity has been consistently linked to the Default Mode Network (DMN), a set of brain regions more active during rest than during the execution of a goal-directed task. Here we used fMRI technique to inspect the DMN during the psychedelic state induced by Ayahuasca in ten experienced subjects. Ayahuasca is a potion traditionally used by Amazonian Amerindians composed by a mixture of compounds that increase monoaminergic transmission. In particular, we examined whether Ayahuasca changes the activity and connectivity of the DMN and the connection between the DMN and the task-positive network (TPN). Ayahuasca caused a significant decrease in activity through most parts of the DMN, including its most consistent hubs: the Posterior Cingulate Cortex (PCC)/Precuneus and the medial Prefrontal Cortex (mPFC). Functional connectivity within the PCC/Precuneus decreased after Ayahuasca intake. No significant change was observed in the DMN-TPN orthogonality. Altogether, our results support the notion that the altered state of consciousness induced by Ayahuasca, like those induced by psilocybin (another serotonergic psychedelic), meditation and sleep, is linked to the modulation of the activity and the connectivity of the DMN.
Affiliation
Brain Institute, Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte (UFRN), Natal-RN, Brazil.
 




 [My article](http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/31xcqz/a_psychedelic_drink_used_for_centuries_in_healing/) is authored by Arran Frood and Nature magazine. Nature is a peer reviewed publication. Please restore my post. 




 This is what we can expect from President Scott Walker. 




 The party was held at Christmas. 




 How many SAE chapters have to be accused of racism before it becomes apparent that the entire fraternity has a culture of institutional racism? 




 It is very clear that the Arab Spring has turned into the Arab Winter in Cairo. 




 I don't have a subscription to Haaretz and I can see this story. You can try going into the story [from this site.](https://www.google.com/search?q=cultic ie=utf-8 oe=utf-8#q=cultic tbm=nws)

Sorry for any inconvenience.  




 Saudi Arabia has a gold star and they are not a democracy.  




 I was impressed to see the number of political activists involved in May Day that contributed to this article. 




 For those of us in Ohio, Kasich is not a secret weapon but a dud missile.  




 [Here's the most entertaining explanation of finagle's origin and meaning you'll ever read from the funniest lexicographer in the business.](http://www.word-detective.com/2008/02/finagle/) 
 




 This story is on the front page of /r/worldnews at 4:30 AM.

Edit: And /r/science 




 The definition of contradiction is libertarian. 




 How dare you compare these two loonies with beloved kitties? 




 I don't know if a $900,00 fine can even be described as a slap on the wrist. The fine structure for environmental crimes seems to be out of whack with reality.  




 The discovery of this hideout shows one of the ways the Nazis were able to hide in South America after WWII. 




 I think if thy found the part of the gene that correlates with certain traits, scientists could probably replace that area with gene parts you wanted.

However this seems to be the path for someone to try to build the "super-race." 




 At least in his mind and Bibi's. 




 Under federal law this is the definition of a slap on the wrist. 




 Please see this [US data for poultry population by state.](http://www.uspoultry.org/economic_data/)  




 The court basically split the difference between the US government's and BP's estimates. 




 First they came for the Socialists, and I did not speak out
Because I was not a Socialist.

Then they came for the Trade Unionists, and I did not speak out
Because I was not a Trade Unionist.

Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out
Because I was not a Jew.

Then they came for meand there was no one left to speak for me.

Martin Niemller 




 The question is: Is Al-Sisi Mubarak light or just Mubarak? 




 Regulators decided on that amount because that was all the money UBS had in its petty cash fund. 




 Sorry for the snide comment. However, the sanity of Harper Lee should not be determined by a court system that doesn't believe rulings by the Supreme Court have any meaning for local court's in Alabama. 

Under that logic the state's ruling in this case will trump any other ruling that may come from a reasoned court. 




 I don't know if I'd allow Alabama to decide anything more complicated than: Should we go to dinner at Cracker Barrel or Checkers? 




 Look inside the mind of a US liberal icon in the mid-60s. 




 And the GOP's attendance at this weekends anniversary of Bloody Sunday shows why they have little or no support in the African- American community. 




 Those Democrats are now Republicans because the Dems embraced the civil rights movement and the GOP did not. 




 It is certainly going to mess up North Carolina streams and rivers. 




 I bet you think your arm is worth a lot more. 




 But when pipelines fail the amount of oil lost is much larger. 




 Just what we need need big campaign contributors deciding how the internet should be regulated. 




 Corrupt politicians are an attack upon democracy. They help subvert the system and make it possible for politicians like Kitzhaber and McDonnell to be elected. 




 When Bob McDonnell was under indictment did you say "another scumbag Republican" 




 ...and ~~fairly~~ incompetent 

FTFY 




 Is Scott Walker the reincarnation of Rick Perry in 2012? 




 I thought it was an environment story because:

1) The environmental group would pay for support

2) The amount the environmental group lost because she did not show up.

3) This is part of the movement to get Chevron to pay for the economic damage in Peru.

However, I respect your decision.

DJ 




 There is a substantial amount of antisemitism among European right-wing and neo-Nazi movements. 




 Another chickenhawk wants to send young people into war. 




 The Kurds are in the way again,

And so, to our dismay again,

If we begin a fray again,

As it appears we may again,

It seems we must betray again

Calvin Trillin 




 [You missed one.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Columbus/comments/2x806b/abdirahman_mohamud_allegedly_charged_with/coxu6fz) 




 This is not about fraud but rather eliminating people from the rolls no matter what economic status they hold.  




 This is not reform but economic homicide for millions of poor people. 




 No need, Oklahoma has its fair share of mega-churches. 




 But as the the unofficial slogan of Alabama proclaims "at least we are not Mississippi." 




 Is this what is meant by a living constitution? 




 Clintonville is not where the wealthy live. The most exclusive enclaves are Upper Arlington, Bexley, Powell, New Albany and parts of Dublin like Muirfield Village, to name a few. 




 What do you mean what if? The Israelis will reverse engineer the plane, add new proprietary software and sell it back to the US for billions. 




 Yes.  




 The link is working for me. Please try again. 




 In an earlier judgement the court determined that 3.9 million barrels spilled.  




 In Alaska years after the Exxon Valdez disaster Exxon is paying for the ongoing cleanup from new oil being deposited on the state's shores. 




 It is not about praying. The act of fasting is a sign of the commitment being made by those individuals to the issue of climate change. 




 The idea that Catholics are using one of their holiest periods to take on climate justice is an amazing event. It will not end global warming but it will bring one of the largest religions into the fray on the side of the angels. 




 Just because the oil is on the bottom of the Gulf now doesn't mean it will remain there. 




 Evan a broken clock is right twice a day. 




 Certainly didn't work in Sochi. 




 This story look at the unintended consequences of China's blood donation laws. In a system where healthcare is a right, blood does not seem to be included in that right. 






































































































































































































































































































 Of course BYOB is not allowed in the park. 





















































































































































 When you open an account to only comment on this story, you should know this is the only responsible response you will get. If you want a serious discussion comment in your own account and not in a throw away. 















































































 It is always great to have new documentary evidence of historic events. 





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 It is great that the university agreed to return this historic building to its original home. 




















































































 How far the communist party has fallen. 


























































































































































 I'd like to thank the German government's policy on reusing military bases as bird sanctuaries for this award. 













































































































 The issues of racism and white supremacy are on any progressive agenda that I know of.  
























































































































































































































































































































































 Does anyone know the mass of Mt. Everest? So we can calculate the force needed to move the mountain 3 centimeters. 

















































































































































































































































































































































































 We are leaving science in the hands of religious zealots. How so 15th century. 




















































































 If you don't like the festival stay home but keep your insipid comments to yourself 









 This is official:

All stages are open today, although Gazebo will open late at 3 PM. 

Please be careful of the park, especially where yellow caution tape is marking off areas of fragile turf.

Thanks to our great audience for a peaceful and considerate closing last night. Now let's get this party started! 














































































































































































 Isn't that the type of reaction segregationists had to the Civil Rights laws of the 60s 














 I want to know if his parents are human and not ATMs. 




 What are Republicans going to say now that they have lost the same sex marriage case? 








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Auschwitz remains as a reminder of Nazi war crimes not as a tribute to their regime or politics. 
























 You don't find swastika flags in German national cemeteries. History doesn't mean you have the right to offend the majority of people. 
















































































































































 This is original reporting from TPM. 






























































































 Gee how open minded of you. 


































 Thanks, for making Jindal sympathetic by making a racist comment./s 






















































































































































































































 Republicans have no shame. They claim hypocrisy at every chance and never admit they are the hypocrites.  













































































































 Elected officials can not be fired. They can be impeached or removed for cause. 





































































 There are at least [42 million people in this country who consider themselves at least part Black/African-American.](http://www.infoplease.com/us/statistics/us-population-by-race.html) This does not include others who are deeply opposed to the Confederate flag. 




 Obviously you don't care but tens of millions of people care deeply about removing this symbol of racism.  






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 The discovery of these lost carvings will add to the history of WWI. 




























































































































































































































































































 I always use the first sentence in the story. The first sentence often is not as sensationalist and adds more detail. I think you should rethink your policy. 
































































































































































































































