














 For me it's Rich Piana (or as I call him, Richy Poo). 




 I'm doing this to play The Witcher 2 in anticipation of The Witcher 3. 









 There's a lot of hype for The Witcher 3, so I was wondering if it's worth playing The Witcher 2 on the Xbox 360. (I don't have a powerful PC, so I can't play the original Witcher.) 




 I feel very guilty about accidentally killing my dog (I was playing with him near the top of the stairs, and he fell down to the basement, breaking his back, so I had to put him down), so I am going to start fasting to punish myself. I am not sure how long I should fast. I am thinking 90 days. Is this appropriate, or should it be shorter or longer? (I'm not overweight or anything, so there isn't any weight that needs to be lost.)  




 And why were you admitted?

three times for me

1. mania

2. anorexia

3. catatonia
 




 The Witcher 3 looks like an interesting game, so I was wondering if I have to play the previous games. I have an Xbox 360 and an Xbox One, so I have the ability to play the second and third game. I see that the first game is only available on PC, so as my PC isn't powerful enough to game on, I am unable to play the original game. Am I OK with only playing the third game, or should I also play the second? 














 I ended my last ketogenic cut at 106 lbs (from 205 lbs), which led me to a psych ward. I then gained 44 lbs eating whatever I wanted and not exercising. I have since lost 10 lbs after re-starting keto. My question is: when do I stop cutting so I don't end up in the same place again? The bodyfat calculator put me at around 19% bodyfat. Due to my last extreme cut, I have really no muscle whatsoever. I'm pretty sure I would be considered skinnyfat right now as I have a slight belly and man boobs. Indeed I don't want to bulk quite yet. Should I cut to 120 lbs?  




 I'm going to be near a Trader Joe's tomorrow, so I was wondering what to keep my eye out for. 




 I'm undergoing a series of ECT treatments (on #9) for catatonia. Does anyone here have experience with ECT? 




 I started keto last February at 206 lbs and ended at in October at 106 lbs, which led me to a psych ward, in which I had to go back to carbs and gained 44 lbs. Now when I say I want to go back to a ketogenic diet, they dismiss it as "the eating disorder talking." How do I convince them that keto is a legitimate diet?  




 [Here's the bodybuilding.com page if you don't know what it is.](http://www.bodybuilding.com/store/gaspari-nutrition/superpump-30.html)

I took two scoops of it and now I feel really bloated.  




 I started cutting in early February of this year at 205 (obese) and am now 138. I have been on a ketogenic diet throughout the cut. I'm 17, male, and 5'7". I heard that after a long cut you're supposed to slowly add back calories (reverse diet). How do I go about this? How many calories do I add per week? I have been cutting on 1,400 calories. 




 I have cut down from 205 (obese) from February of this year to 138. The body fat calculator at my gym says that I am around 12% bodyfat. I am male, 17, and 5'7". I didn't start tracking calories until 71 days ago, so I can't say what my calories were before I started tracking, but as of 71 days ago I have kept my calories at or below 1,400. Is it necessary to reverse diet to maintenance calories (adding a set amount of calories each week until maintenance is achieved)? If so, how would I go about this? How many calories would I add per week?
 




 I've been using a cheap food scale that lately has become very unreliable. I want to be able to track my macros accurately, so I would like to buy one I can rely on. 




 I started running in intervals a few days ago on a track, walking on the curves and running on the straight part, this lasting about an hour. I have since experienced outer ankle pain in both feet. I am male, 17, 140 lbs, 5'7", and am running in Kinvara 5's. I have just started running, so I am wondering if this is typical beginner's running pain or if I'm doing something wrong.  




 I know that eating too much protein in a day will kick you out of ketosis, but what if you eat like 80 grams of protein in one sitting (but staying below the protein limit for the day)? Will eating a lot of protein in a short period of time kick you out of ketosis? 









 I am cutting on 1,400 calories (around 105 protein, 101 fat and less than 20 carbs). I am 17 years old, male, 5'7", 152 lbs, 18.4% bodyfat. I'm running ICF 5x5.  




 Right now I'm taking a cheap fish oil which has 300 mg of EPA and DHA combined per capsule. I take 6 capsules a day. Is this a good amount to take? 









 I'm 17 years old and I'm only 5'7". Am I doomed to a life of a manlet, or am I tall enough to not worry about this? 




 I was thinking about buying the Merrell Trail Glove 2. Is this a bad idea for someone beginning to run? This shoe appeals to me because it could double as a shoe for lifting and running. Should I instead get a dedicated lifting shoe and a more traditional running shoe like [this](http://www.adidas.com/us/product/mens-running-cc-rocket-boost-shoes/IEU81?cid=D66285 breadcrumb=1z13071Z1z11zrfZsvZu2Z1z13y9l)? 









 For me it was Californication. 
























 Arm hair on one of the Women is disgusting, and to be perfectly honest it offends me. Why do the Women refuse the shaving? 
























 They keep disappearing! Whenever I ask him about it, he always responds by moaning, "Oh, Jesus Christ." 




 I have a Toshiba 46SL417U LED TV. When I press the power button, a green light (which usually flashes once when it is turned on) flashes 3 times, stops for a few seconds, then flashes 3 times again and repeats the process indefinitely. No picture or audio. I unplugged it for about an hour and plugged it back it with no change. 




 I have a Toshiba 46SL417U LED TV. When I press the power button, a green light (which usually flashes once when it is turned on) flashes 3 times, stops for a few seconds, then flashes 3 times again and repeats the process indefinitely. No picture or audio. I unplugged it for about an hour and plugged it back it with no change.  
























 Mine is Stadium Arcadium. 




 Can you provide an Amazon link? I'm going to get a food scale, but I don't know which one to get. 









 http://www.laterrafina.com/chunky-spinach-artichoke-parmesan-dip 




 There aren't any stores that I know of that stock adiPowers, so what shoe has the same fit as the adiPower?  




 http://www.drugstore.com/detour-15g-whey-protein-bar-lower-sugar-chocolate-chip-caramel/qxp353992?catid=326472 




 I would be using them primarily for lifting. I also use the elliptical and bike. I'm not a very big runner. 




 I'm running a full body program, which means I do squats and deadlifts on the same day. I like to squat in adipowers and deadlift in chucks. I also do cardio post-workout, for which I use running shoes. Would it be considered weird to bring all 3 of these shoes to the gym? 









 For me it's squatting ass to grass while most everyone else is doing parallel/above parallel. I always feel like going up in their face and shouting, "ASS TO GRASS, BUDDY!!!!!!!!!!!!" 

















































 Or are they more for competition/maxing out? Also, are they for an advanced lifter, or are they ok for all experience levels? 




 the Walk of Shame? 














 With keto I find it very easy to fast for long periods of time without getting hungry. What is the maximum amount of time one should fast? 









 Does [this](http://www.amazon.com/Beta-Alanine-1000-Grams-2-2lbs/dp/B008Z84IQQ/ref=sr_1_11?ie=UTF8 qid=1394903564 sr=8-11 keywords=beta+alanine) look good? 1,000g for $35. Is this quality beta alanine? Do you recommend something else? 
























 My right pec is out of control. It is bouncing randomly without my consent. Why. 














 I like to drink Monster Zero Ultra. It has 2 grams of erythritol per can (no other carbs). Is this ok? 
























 Mine is Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough. Also, how often do you eat Quest bars? Do they make you stall? 














 I want to really care about the characters like I did in A Song of Ice and Fire. 














 On a cold Friday afternoon, I had come home from school. I had been thinking of the gym all day. I was hungry, didn't have any lunch. In fact, I didn't eat because I spent the money. For the past month I was saving up for something. Something special which I bought at GNC. I was surprised they didn't ask for ID; I was pretty sure the cashier noticed how nervous I was. Anyways, my mom asked my how my day was when I got home, but I ignored her. I have more important things to do. I run to the bathroom and unpack my bag. In my school bag is a white plastic bag from GNC. I open the bag, first removing the receipt and flushing it down the toilet to get rid of the evidence. My heart was racing now. I unpack the creatine monster from the bag.

I wonder what people will be asking me when they see that I will be 50lbs heavier. Should I say I was just eating a lot? I remove the label from the tub and tear it into a thousand small pieces. I flush that down the toilet, too. It is time now. I run up to my room when my mom ask me what I am holding. I panic, sweat drips down my forehead and my teeth chatter. "Mom, it's just for a school project". "What project?" "I don't know mom I just started it!". A tear runs down my cheek. I run upstairs and open the creatine, scooping upservings into a clear water bottle. What have I gotten myself into? I fill it with water and drink it. There is no turning back now. The creatine monster is inside me now, it will control me. What should I do if I die? I cant let my family know about this.

I open the creatine tub and throw it all out the window; a white cloud of mysterious dust sparkles into the wind so graciously. I feel the substance taking control of me; I am now the monster. I walk downstairs, its time to work out; time to get big. Now I worry, I don't want to get too big; people will think I use steroids. I do use steroids. No I don't. Creatine. All I see is the weights now, I am almost downstairs when I hear "Do you want a cookie I just baked?" I know I do not have time for this shit now. "No mom I do not want a fucking cookie." I walk in the basement and drop to my knees before the weights, tears running down my cheeks. I turn to the right and look at myself in the mirror. Oh god, what have I done? 




 I call Quentyn my Quenty Bear.
Victarion is my Vikkey Bunny.
Strong Belwas is Belly Boo Boo.
 




 12 Thai Curry traditional wings with 2 containers of blue cheese 




 When my Quenty Bear died. :'( 









 No, not your name, not your job, not your hobbies, not your personality. Really, who are you? 









 Are you getting the regular version, Lannister version, Targaryen version, Stark version, or Amazon limited edition dragon statue version? 









 (Don't say "Get a bigger size." That's not the problem. They fit perfectly.)
I bought a pair of Under Armour ["Core"](http://www.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?productId=13050949) compression shorts, and after less than 3 months of wear, a hole appeared at the leg seam. Both leg seams were falling apart. 
I'm thinking of buying a new pair of compression shorts. How do I prevent them from breaking down? Is there a certain way of washing them? Should I get a different brand/model? 



















 Best Buy is offering Lannister, Stark and Targaryen slipcovers for the season 3 blu-rays. I already have the Lannister slipcover from season 2. Should I get the Stark, Targaryen, or both? 




 I heard somewhere that Cersei killed Tommen. I read the last part of ADWD anticipating this scene.
 




 For me it was Quentyn Martell. I threw my Kindle across my bedroom when I read his death scene. I just sat in my bed crying, wishing that it wasn't true, that my Quenty Bear wasn't dead. It threw me into a deep depression for months, mourning the loss of the best character in ASOIAF. 









 I noticed DLC is still being released even after the Game of the Year Edition came out. I was going to get the GOTY edition, but not if an edition will all the DLC will come out in a few months. 


































 It has been written.  














 Same as beer pong but you fill the cups (same size as beer pong) completely full with Everclear. Has to be pure Everclear, 190 proof, no mixing it with juice, you have to chug it all down with no breaks, and no chaser. 














 Is so, why were you depressed? 



















 Is this some sort of inside joke? 









 there's nothing wrong with fapping. it's completely natural. grow up. 




 How long is a small penis?
How long is an average penis?
How long is a large penis?
Also, do you care about penis size? 




 I just started keto a week ago, and I have no stamina to do cardio. I am usually able to use the elliptical for 1-2 hours, but in the past week I can only do it for a few minutes. I still have enough energy to lift as much as I've been doing pre-keto, though. Is this just a symptom of the induction phase? If so, how long will it last?  




 They have like 25 grams of carbs...how is that keto-friendly? 




 Tired of bacon and eggs everyday. What do you eat for breakfast? 





























 *Sigh*

Father Magoo would rather not bother Himself with such trivialities. 




 My Son, what do you mean by "love"? 




 *Sigh*

Please, my Son, hold your tongue. You are speaking in the presence of a Father.

A Father Magoo.

...

Father Magoo has spoken.

     "In the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets, Father Magoo has spoken. So it is. So it shall be. " 




 *Sigh*

...

Yes, my Son. 




 200mg Ephedrine, 2 grams of caffiene, handful of aspirin pills.

So it is Written. 




 Put the knife down, my Son. This is not how you become a Magoo.

To answer your question, cut.  




 Thank you, my Son, for informing the Children of the Realm of the Garden of Men of this Atrocity. Father Magoo cannot keep all of His Children in line. It is too bad. I had high hopes that he would become a Magoo. 

*Sigh* 




 It warms My heart to see one of the Children of the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets become a Man. My Son, might Father Magoo ask you a question?

...

That was just a courtesy; I'm not asking. What college are you going to, my Son? 




 Please, my Son, stop this Trolling. Trolling will *not* be tolerated!

Father Magoo has spoken.

     "In the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets, Father Magoo has spoken. So it is. So it shall be. " 




 Children of the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets, Father Magoo has found it in His heart to bless you with his Presence. You may ask Him anything. 




 Please, my Son, stop this Trolling. Trolling will *not* be tolerated!

Father Magoo has spoken.

 "In the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets, Father Magoo has spoken. So it is. So it shall be. " 




 cool 




 *Sigh*

Please, my Son, hold your tongue. You are speaking in the presence of a Father. 

A Father Magoo.

...

Father Magoo has spoken. 

     "In the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets, Father Magoo has spoken. So it is. So it shall be. " 




 Father Magoo would never do this. 




 Go straight up to her face and say, "I wanna fuck you like an animal." Then grab her shoulders firmly, lick her face, and whisper in her ear, "I wanna feel you from the inside." 




 wait what friends  




 Goddammit all to hell. I thought my Geralt would have a threesome with Triss and Yennifer, but they decided to chain him up and leave him. They will pay! 




 get off reddit and play them all right now

...

right now

...

OP if you're still there, I will know that you have defied The Father Magoo. 




 Buy The Witcher 3 or I'm not Father Magoo 




 Goat Simulator  




 no this is Father Magoo

duh 




 almost as funny as the crossdressing elf 




 right in the pussy. 




 "And so it was written that on the third day of the sixth month of the two-thousand and fifteenth year after the birth of some dude, Orlitoq shall not have partaken of the entertainment form known to many as Witcher 3."

wait what 




 This depresses me, my Son. You are better than this. 




 My Son...

*sigh*

Please stop with the bad language. It does not suit you, my Child. 




 My Son, that set of quotation marks should go after the period, not before.  




 become a tranny and strut your stuff in dem high heels

...

wait don't really do this
 




 "Of the games in the Witcher franchise, I have played the first, and second, but not yet have I played the latest."

wait what 




 Nothing can kill Father Magoo. Not even Himself. Do not worry, Children of the Garden of Men. 




 wait what 




 My Son, I am not fucking emo.

My Children, please do not follow this Broscientologist's advice. 




 My Son, do not question the Actions of the Father. 

The Father Magoo. 




 "Of the three Witcher games, not all have been played by me; specifically the most recent."

wait what
 




 I am Father Magoo. 

What do you think, my Son? 




 "I own the first and second Witcher games, but have not yet bought, or played, the third."

wait what
 









 "Game not played yet: Witcher 3."

wait what 




 look yourself directly in the mirror (make eye contact with your reflection), and slap yourself as hard as you can while maintaining eye contact (make sure to be shirtless). repeat until self-confidence is gained.

/thread 




 I mean it looks like you crashed it... 




 "The game Witcher 3, I have not yet played it."

wait what 




 Say: "I wanna fuck you like an animal. I wanna feel you from the inside." 

It'll work.

Trust me. 




 ...

um...

...

I...

I don't...

*cries silently* 




 "There is a game which I have not yet played. It is called Witcher 3."

wait what 




 "I have not played Witcher 3 yet"

wait what 




 cool 




 "Have not played the game"

wait what 




 no. buy buy buy. must sink all money on dlc. 




 lolwhut 




 lolwhut 




 I saw this exceptionally hot woman (easy 10) at Trader Joe's and I stopped walking and just stared. I wasn't trying to stare; it was like she put me in a trance. I could not stop staring, and I've had dreams about her every night since the sighting. Has something like this ever happened to you? How do I stop the dreams? 




 "Daddy, can I have some of that stuff?"

*sigh*

"Son, you really shouldn-"

"PLEASE!"

*sigh*

"Alright, son. Alright." 




 #420gainzs 









 he's obviously a novice. only advanced cutters should be cutting their lower body. he better not take his cutting hobby too fast or he just might hurt himself! 




 lolwhut 




 I heard it really doesn't have much of a story. That's why I'm asking. 




 I just bought The Handsome Collection for my Xbox One, and am wondering whether or not to buy and complete the original Borderlands for the 360 before Borderlands 2. Also, the "Pre-Sequel!" is the prequel to Borderlands 3, not 2, right? 









 Do you only get an ability point, or do other things happen also? 














 it's digital  




 yes, the game is tied to your account, so you can download it on any xbox. 




 ,let me know! and if you've liked this and you wanna see more, click right here to see more! 









 but mommy says I'm "special" 









 Wolfenstein: The Old Blood

I'm playing it on the hardest difficulty and I'm only at 25% completion 10 hours in.

If you haven't played The New Order yet, get the Wolfenstein bundle. 









 lmfao 




 IIFYM  




 yes, both Metro games and Wolfenstein The New Order and its prequel The Old Blood are very good 




 Yep, just went on this sub to see if anyone else was having this issue. 









 Looks like there's going to be a "Disappointed Grandma" meme... 




 Yes, you count net carbs. 




 wait, I didn't know there was such a thing as too much alcohol... 




 no... 




 I lift alone, and if I fail a rep, I count on some random guy to spot me. I have no friends. *cries silently*  




 most of my calories are from an 8 ounce block of sharp cheddar cheese 




 you really don't need any supplements. just eat at a calorie surplus and run a good novice routine like ICF 5x5 




 Hold on just give me a sec while I check my urination log... 




 Cut definitely   














 Alexei Fyodorovich Karamazov. AKA: Alyosha, Alyoshka, Alyoshenka, Alyoshechka, Alexeichik, Lyosha, and Lyoshenka.  









 Yeah I like short women. They make me feel tall. hehe 









 Thanks. I will. 190-proof Everclear is very tasty. But I will use a chaser, of course (151-proof Everclear). 




 Thanks. This really means a lot. I'm actually suffering from a very serious depression, and was just about to slam a bottle of Everclear with a bottle of psychiatric medication, but this post stopped me. Now I know I'm good at something. I can't thank you enough. You saved my life. I promise to continue to shitpost until the end of my days. Thanks again. 









 I really don't want to be leaking cum all day.

I'm really sorry, but I can't help but laugh. 




 okie dokie  




 lol 




 I used to really like the show, but season 3 was a chore to watch. I mean seriously, the big cliffhanger is Claire telling Francis, "I'm leaving you." If this is not a soap opera, I don't know what is. 




 lolwhut 




 The only difference between bulking and cutting is diet (and maybe a slightly lesser workload when cutting, but that's about it). 




 keto 




 EC, injecting Everclear, that's about it 




 so I don't have to inconvenience myself with taking them off for anything except deadlifts?  




 either face the wrath of your teacher and get a failing grade, or use your "sick" days to get your act together. those are really the only two ways of going about this. 









 The Brothers Karamazov 




 Then go to a state where it is legal.

Use 151-proof Everclear as your chaser. 




 Rich Piana is 100% natty. Anyone who says otherwise is just jealous.  




 Yes, Prozac is fine, but make sure to take the whole bottle at once with a fifth of Everclear for optimal effectiveness.  




 190-proof Everclear. Drink it all.
 



















 my Son must be Resurrected. 



















 srs 



















 or will uninstalling make me lose all my progress? 














 It is life changing! 














 How dare they!!!! 




 A woman at a grocery store smiled at me and raised her eyebrows. Does this mean she's attracted to me?
 




 Seriously, there is no gameplay to be found whatsoever. 









 yeah let's pretend Judgement doesn't exist 





























 well get it back. why get rid of a perfectly good console? 




 1. Dead or Alive 2

2. Dead or Alive 3

3. Dead or Alive 4

Dead or Alive 5 doesn't exist. It is not a real DOA game.  




 ok I'll rent Dark Souls 2. then you only have to worry about the pug shirt.  




 go to E3 




 if you buy me a copy of dark souls 2

also buy me a pug shirt. I wear a men's small. 




 buy reach 




 sadly I do not own a PS3 




 I bought Ground Zeroes for the Xbox One (way too short but pretty enjoyable). Is it worth it to buy Metal Gear Solid 2, 3 and Peace Walker? I am obviously new to the series and want to have some Metal Gear Solid background before The Phantom Pain is released. 




 Cool, but you're going to have to have it removed once Fallout stops being the "it" game. Replace it with one representing the new most popular game. repeat. you've got yourself a never-ending karma generator.  




 The Witcher 3 




 It seems you would enjoy The Wolf Among Us and Game of Thrones (if you're a fan of the show/books). 




 It's the "expansion pass," meaning you are able to buy all upcoming expansions now, and download them when they are released. 




 umm... no, it has not been released yet... 









 I can't wait! 




 only if you cut yourself really deeply. no pussy shit. but in the end it won't solve anything so *put the fucking knife down* 




 plot twist I'm a masochist. whip me, big boy. *rawr* 




 ..................*sobs* 




 my Son... violence is *never* the answer! this is *not* how you become a magoo! 




 ikr 




 Cease this insolence, my Son.  




 What do you mean, my Son? 




 I have a baby face. And I'm white, my Son. 




 srs. I'm doing ICF while fasted. no real gains yet 




 I am Father Magoo. AKA not a troll 




 That's Father Magoo to you, sonny. 




 Doge 




 no, but the one to the left of it is 




 100% Doge 




 Ok then, it is settled. I am fasting for at least 2 months. 




 So that I can be judged by my facial features.  




 Respect the Doge. 




 Dammit! So there is a chance that you think I am fat! I am cutting now! 




 I'm sorry, I just am very insecure.  




 Please be honest. No trolling. If just one person says I am fat, I will immediately start cutting. This is a very sensitive subject as I used to be obese and cut down until I was admitted to a mental hospital for anorexia. All I am asking is for you to be honest. I am uncomfortable taking my shirt off because I have loose skin.  














 Witcher 3

Witcher 3 Expansion Pass

Arkham Knight 




 I'm not saying I don't agree, but you have to respect the fact that the thread calls for only 6 games for whatever reason. 




 I recently bought that. Should I wait to play it until I finish Borderlands 2, or is it unnecessary to know the stories of the previous Borderlands games to appreciate the story of this game? 




 "I don't do the whole top X deal"

then don't post on a thread about "top X"

 




 The Witcher 3; Shadow of Mordor; Sunset Overdrive; Wolfenstein: The New Order (and The Old Blood); Borderlands: The Handsome Collection; Halo MCC 




 Ok, good. Imlerith took me like 5 tries to defeat.  




 I feel like such a dumbass. 

How difficult is Eredin compared to Imlerith?
 




 ...oh

well I look like a complete idiot now. 

How difficult is Eredin compared to Imlerith?  




 They do not stop regenerating their health. It doesn't matter how long I spend fighting them; they always get back to nearly full health. What do I do? I'm at level 31 btw. Should I go back to my save before the On Thin Ice quest and level up/upgrade gear? 




 The Brothers Karamazov  




 My Daughter, penises come in different lengths, thicknesses, and colors. Obviously as you did not know this, you are young and innocent. Please leave this Forum, as I do not want your innocence ruined.   




 My Daughter, you cannot limit the Children of the Garden of Men to describe my Sons as a whole in merely five words. This is *not* how you become a Magoo. 




 not funny 




 "that's the cool motherfucker that has a prius. BUT I DOUBT IT."

pls dont hurt me. im an adidas guy too, richie. can we be friends?  




 where is Jeff Seld 




 Chess 




 My Son, every Man or Manlet in the Garden of Men and Manlets with disordered eating does not know that he indeed has an eating disorder. Stay safe, my Son. 




 2 wet seasons, 2 dry seasons. well, at least it's something. D 




 My Son, please seek help at the Temple of Magoo, for you have what is called in the Garden of Men an "eating disorder." Usually only my Daughters have this Condition, but that is irrelevant. Please seek help, my Child. 




 Not gonna lie, I'm a little hard right now.  




 Star Wars Battlefront 2 is on Xbox... 




 I bet there are brown horses in many games. 




 you have 2 inches on me 




 stop being an asshole. they're just fucking videogames. 




 but assassin's creed isn't cool right now, dude. if you posted a tattoo of Fallout 4 or The Witcher 3 on your forearm, you would have a chance at the front page. C'mon, get this removed, and get a tattoo pertaining to one of the "hip" games I mentioned. then once a new game come up that is the talk of the land, remove that old tattoo and get a new one. repeat. never-ending karma generator 




 goat simulator 




 is this a gaming subreddit
 




 The Witcher 3; Shadow of Mordor; Sunset Overdrive; Wolfenstein: The New Order (and The Old Blood); Borderlands: The Handsome Collection; the Metro Bundle 




 Magoo Senior

The Witcher 3; Halo MCC; Sunset Overdrive; Wolfenstein; Shadow of Mordor; Bordlands HC 




 The Witcher 3

duh 




 Ok, fair enough. I guess I mean't to ask, "Don't you hope Gears of War 4 reverts to the gameplay mechanics of the original trilogy rather than try to fix what isn't broken like People Can Fly did?" 




 It completely destroyed what made the other games so good. Now it's y to switch weapons? wtf? why are they trying to fix what isn't broken? and the campaign was awful. "30 seconds until next wave." What is this? Horde: story mode? 









 You've played Skyrim, right? Did you play all 4 previous Elder Scrolls games beforehand? 




 I'm tired of all the shit on the benches myself 




 I have a PhD in Broscience, so I will conclude that you should see an acutal medical doctor because you can't get a doctorate in Broscience. 




 I had high expectations for this game because I love DOA 2 through 4, but now it seems to have lost everything that made me enjoy those three classic fighting games. 




 Dead or Alive 4 




 cool 




 how evil 




 glad you have such high self-esteem  




 Pug Simulator

i dont care about goats, but pugs are cool. oh they're so adorable. i love pugs. i want to be one 




 but he didn't tell any jokes 




 ok well I have to do something, so I downvoted you. sorry 




 yes.  




 Ok, cool, you watch Game of Thrones and/or have read A Song of Ice and Fire. you are so awesome 




 wait prove that it's in boston. i dont believe you. after my wife cheated on me i dont believe anyone... sorry, i shouldnt tell you about my personal life. im going through a mi-life crisis 




 but i don't wanna 




 BUT HE DOESN'T KILL!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 I'm dying of laughter. 

no wait im not actually, please don't that that to heart 




 ok what happens when it is almost as expensive as the game? please finish your thought 




 I've noticed that not every quest gives you xp.  




 Yes, I have the ability to time travel. I have done my research by working out after masturbating, then going back in time and working out without masturbation. No significant difference other than the fact that penises shed moonlight when exposed to cats.  




 lolwhut
 




 wait are you really max payne 




 calm down, francis  




 I think so too 




 [This is my buddy's latest video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBP1d_KvOgk) 




 he's not fat right now. 









 no memes. 




 how do you know...

wait...

are u from the future

fuck im so high right now 




 Keep telling yourself that.  




 I know they harm children. When my son is naughty, I force him to play the Xbox. I don't know why, but he keeps getting naughtier and naughtier.  




 Wait, are you whipped too? 




 Witcher 3. My saying is: "When life gives you lemons, spend all waking hours playing The Witcher 3." 




 "lets me"

No offense, but you're seriously whipped. 




 Oh, he has a Youtube channel called "JuggernautFitnessTV" so that's why I thought you were a fan. 




 Quests that are at least six levels lower than yours won't grant xp 




 I sure as hell did. But now I'm having nightmares of crossdressing elves. FML 




 good to hear you follow the great Jason Blaha 




 But Planet Fitness is a joke. This changes nothing. 




 I'm afraid OP might actually take this seriously. 




 IIFYM 




 unless your diet is severely lacking in protein, there is no need for protein powder. 




 surprised it didn't go down more 




 When I grow a beard, I will never shave or trim! Never!  




 No. Please stop trolling. Jesus Christ, dude, grow the fuck up. 




 what 




 I'm being serious. I need to grow a beard. Time is running out. I must ascend to Gandalf the Blonde status. 




 Yes every male in my family has facial hair. 




 serious responses only. stop trolling. 




 So do you think I should just start the quest now? 









 I am playing on Death March and want to be able to prepare for this quest properly. I am level 31. The Imlerith boss fight was really frustrating. Is the Eredin boss fight even more difficult? 




 are you furious pete 




 My Son, I need more information.

...

Deadlift, Squat, Bench PRs, and of course your 8 rep max for the Facepull. Your height, weight, bfp. How many friends do you have? Do you have a girlfriend? Is your middle name "Max"? How many Daughters of the Realm of the Garden of Men have you seduced? What are your political views? How long is your penis? What are your favorite hobbies? Are you currently employed? Have you ever stepped foot in a Planet Fitness? Are you subscribed to Jason Blaha on Youtube? What are your top 12 favorite films? Favorite books? Television shows? Videogames? Are you a convicted pedophile? Do you live in a house or a boat? Natty? Favorite color? When did you first discover masturbation? Exact date. 

...

Some of these inquireies might seem irrelevent to the question at hand, but please bear with me. Lifting weights is mostly mental in the Realm of the Garden of Men. In order to help, I must get to know you. It's not as cut and dried as you think, believe it or not. It is a very intimate sport.  




 Stop this nonsense. 




 Pass the bong, my Son, for you must be smoking the Holy Grass if you cannot figure out why you should upvote Father Magoo. 




 My Daughter, thank you for asking Father Magoo this question. He will answer shortly.

...

*Sigh*

...

My, sweet, sweet Daughter, this will hurt, but you must part ways with this Fiend. Father Magoo has checked out his Case. 

It would be in your best interest to listen to Me. I promise you, he will *not* become a Magoo. 

Father Magoo has spoken. 




 My Son, Father Magoo does not have it in Him to turn down one of the Daughters of the Garden of Men. 




 Please, my Son, stop this Trolling. Trolling will *not* be tolerated!

Father Magoo has spoken.

     "In the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets, Father Magoo has spoken. So it is. So it shall be. " 




 My Son. 

...

Stop. 




 No. 




 My Son...

...

You have so many questions. I will NOT tell you how to succeed in this theft.  
























 When was the last time you wore Carb Goggles? 




 Very accurate, cuntpuncher_69. Insightful as always. 




 maybe ma little.. ah......... 




 This "Magoo" motherfucker. God he's annoying. hashtag 'roid rage 




 ...

...

...

...

[stares]

...

don't correct me! 

...

Vince, tell 'im!

...

umm...

ah...

PoG army up in this bitch?

...

good job vinny boo boo...

extra treats tonight

...

[wink] 




 wats gud youtube... you know who dis... 

...

CHRIS JONES!!!! represent physiques of greatness... and im boutta 'ave a cheat meal... 'cause SHIT JUST GOT REAL

dont do it chris

SHUT UP VINCE... i do wat i want... [stares]

[keeps staring]

...

...

...

ok imma do this shit now vince... gimme da food... yum yum

[about an hour later]

fuck im fat 




 I'm mirin', Magoo! 




 Wait... which one is Herschel? The guy on the left... or the guy on the right? 




 He's a fucking child who evidently isn't given enough attention from his mommy and daddy. This explains why he is a complete attention whore. Don't give give any views, as you'd just be encouraging him. 




 Yeah I heard he's pretty cool. You should hit him up sometime. He's like *really* awesome, even though he has posted "shitposts" before.  




 yeah his posts are even shittier than that "Magoo" guy's posts. lol 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHfY6VTRUFk 




 Grow some fucking balls.  




 Ok, obviously no matter what I say, you're going to find some excuse to not have confidence in yourself. Whatever. I tried. 




 You're over-thinking this, dude. You said you're new to Facebook (which explains the lack of many friends), and they probably aren't going to check who's on your friends list, unless they're really obsessed with you.  




 They're coworkers who have the hots for you. Of course you should do it! 




 Wait... He didn't really die? Nice! 




 My Son... Calm down.  




 what 




 ok I have to admit I loled 




 Step 1: stop posting here and go to r/fitness 




 [hands on hips] Well that's just not very nice! *hmph!* 




 1200-1400???????? You pig! your diet is not extreme enough. I went on a permacut last year and went from obese to 106 lbs. (M/5'7") and was hospitalized for anorexia. I was eating a maximum of 1400 calories on a ketogenic diet and started eating less and less until I wasn't eating anything at all. (yeah I was joking when I called you a pig; you really shouldn't go down the same path as me, but if you have bellyfat and boobs, you should keep cutting, as it is much healthier to be underweight than overweight) 




 What's good Youtube? You know who it is. CHRIS JONES!!!! represent Physiques of Greatness. Today I'm havin' a cheat meal... 'CAUSE SHIT JUST GOT REAL. POG army up in this bitch 




 Trying to get tons of link karma AND comment karma? Don't be greedy... 




 Huh, I didn't know Stevie had a Youtube channel 




 idk, but I'm pretty sure their combined IQ is less than 80... 




 ok 




 They killed off the Joker. What the fuck? Why the fuck did they kill off the best Batman character? smh 




 You didn't fuck anything up. It's good that you got yourself out there, man. Even if they don't have the hots for you (if you want to provide examples, go ahead, but it's not really necessary), it doesn't matter, as what you said really wasn't obnoxious as you just started a friendly conversation. Don't worry about it. 




 I mean, it is kind of funny.  




 I just cracked jokes with the other patients all day.  




 but I already have ODST 




 missing Witcher 3, Wolfenstein and Arkham Knight 




 No, but that's what I said so that I would get admitted. I needed to find a place where my psychotic brother wouldn't kill me. lol 









 Is it worth getting the ultimate edition? I noticed Forza 6 is up for pre-order on the Xbox store. 




 I'm not trolling here, I am honestly curious. What is the point? I recently started cutting, and I keep doing it. I am for some odd reason allured to harming myself. I almost feel suicidal right now. Fml 




 How are the Forza games? I haven't played any yet. 




 SHIT YEAH! 




 nice 









 I'm not serious. I sometimes pretend to be this character I created (I'm working on a novel), but I'm not trying to offend anyone.  




 yeah sometimes I just get in the mood to play this Father Magoo character I created lol 




 Well that just wasn't very friendly. [hands on hips] Hmph!  




 My Son, bodybuilding is very good for you. I highly recommend that you begin lifting to attract my Daughters. Just don't cut so hard that you stunt your growth, and don't be a numbcunt by taking gear. 









 I mean just fuck her mind out very passionately. I think then she'll understand that you're straight. 




 lolwhut 




 Thank you for spreading the word, my Son. The Brothers Karamazov is required reading for any Magoo. 




 Do you know why the song "Pug" is called "Pug"? It has nothing to do with pugs! 




 What is the album called? 




 How does that compare to Adore? I haven't listened to everything by Smashing Pumpkins yet. 




 I really like the songs on this album, and I would like to know of some songs with a similar sound. 




 The Brothers Karamazov  




 Sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-shame. 




 Well... I can't anymore 




 What do you call a crossdressing elf? 




 Triss 




 I got mine at like 3 am last night 




 Ok if I give you $60 for Fallout 4 will you give me your pug? 









 Magoo Senior 









 Magoo Senior 




 Magoo Senior 




 Magoo Senior 




 Magoo Senior 









 Imlerith from Witcher 3 on Death March... I hate teleporting elves... 




 thank you 




 except poor Father Magoo :( 




 I don't want to unnecessarily hit my bandwidth cap.  




 Gears of War Judgment 




 this makes me hard 




 "Mom! I got an achievement! My life finally means something!"

"Shut the fak up Jambo. I've been trying to sneak 20-year-old guys in this house (my own fakkin' house) for 20 fakkin' years, and all ya do is play dat Fun-box or wateva it's called. I 'ave needs too ya know. Please get da fak out for realsies this time, Jambo."

"Momma... I just realized that it is a completely meaningless achievement, and I really need a place to stay."

"I fucking hate you, son." 




 Good. Do you play Xbox, Playstation or PC? I play Xbox. My gamertag is Magoo Senior. 




 Spirited Away is finally being released on Blu-ray in 2 days. Thank you for reminding me. I am pre-ordering it now. What a coincidence for us to have this conversation right before the release of the film. [Here is the link so you can pre-order it too.](http://www.amazon.com/Spirited-Away-2-Disc-Blu-ray-Combo/dp/B00V3QQF6I/ref=pd_sim_74_5?ie=UTF8 refRID=0Z7F9YDNFS313BE8B2E7)

 




 Spirited Away is not a kids' movie. There is a difference between works of art and dumb Pixar movies. 




 Spirted Away is *not* a kids' movie. It is a great film. Do not bring Miyazaki films into this discussion! 




 it's not brilliant. hop off Pixar's dick 




 IT'S OK BRO, I'M BULKING!!!!!!!! 




 slash got fat 




 Changing the title of a film doesn't affect its story, it just causes the title to be misleading. 




 It's fine if they watch it with their children. 




 should I also buy a ps3? 




 Will the God of War trilogy be remastered?  




 dammit, you stole my post!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [smashes monitor] 




 I bought an Xbox One because I love Halo and Gears of War. Are the PS4 exclusives good enough to warrant a purchase of the console? 




 then why the fuck is there a fucking post about fucking obama???????????????????????????? 




 No, for me, jokes have to contain humor. 




 it's still fucking childish 




 I fucking love Refn's films. 









 wtf is up with all these shitty Roach posts 




 "inward hard-on"

lolwhut 




 I'm being serious. I really want to know what movies fit the tone of this song. 




 I always played Mature-rated games when I was under 17. Now that I'm over 17, I get irritated when people under 17 play M-rated games.  




 Not gonna lie, I'm a little hard right now. 









 stop rubbing it in my face that I can't afford a gaming PC 




 "Last Caress" by Misfits 




 The Witcher  




 I believe it is not as big. 




 Nobody fucking celebrated my birthday two weeks ago. Not even a "happy birthday." 




 so I can plug in any old earbuds? 




 no 




 You're welcome. I hate my father too. Just thinking about him fills me with rage.  




 kind of deducted that on my own but thanks 




 what 




 and they better not include judgment  




 you need to hit the gym and bulk up. also take some martial arts classes. then if he hits you, you can kick his ass.

or you can call the cops on him for domestic assault

either way, lift weights and learn martial arts. there's nothing wrong with gaming, but it shouldn't be your only hobby. I also like inline skating, reading novels, and trying to get laid at bars. 




 the problem is that you're playing Lego Jurassic World and you're not a little kid 




 source? 




 human Obama is bad enough. we don't need an elven version of him too 




 Get Hard sucks. I hate Kevin Hart. I hate [censored]. 

I never said the target audience isn't the defining factor of quality. Stop putting words in my mouth. The target audience for a movie is the audience who should be watching the movie. I never said that there are not well made movies for kids. 




 Grown Ups is a kids movie 




 it's outside of his pants, and it clearly states that it is a rifle.  




 no, I'm selfish 




 it's not a reboot unless it is based off of that game. it is not, so no, it is not a fucking reboot. 




 storytelling is a word. no hyphen required. 




 A Gears of War game that is anything like Judgment.  




 ok let's get this over with. my gamertag is Magoo Senior. I need this shirt because I love pugs and if I express my love of pugs I will most definitely get laid. I'm kind of broke so I can't buy it myself. A pug shirt would be a great conversation starter, and I am a very charismatic guy. I am quite handsome, but I need to work on my body. I used to be fat, so I have some loose skin. I probably need loose skin surgery, and I should start lifting again to look aesthetically pleasing to the ladies. I don't imagine that chicks like looking at underweight guys with tits.  




 I would not. It's a kids' movie. 




 well you're not a kid now, so stop trying to get closure on a fucking kids' movie, mate. 









 wait are you a troll or just stupid  




 who cares about the fucking Incredibles? it's a goddamn kids' movie 




 [Do it! Today!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvVUBZy_MHE) 




 The only real DOA games are 2, 3 and 4. Please do not remind me of the DOA 5 atrocity.  




 lolwhut 




 The Witcher would be a good movie (or HBO show). Kill Bill would be a good game. 
























 [hands on hips] Well that's just not very nice! *hmph*! 




 I don't care.

you could have just been indifferent

[lol](http://static.spin.com/files/styles/style820_546/public/120313-billy-corgan.png) 




 Quest noodles? What's next? Quest pizza, ice cream and chocolate chip cookies? lol 




 I'm just being honest. 




 Do not cheat. [Billy Corgan is watching](http://vos.lavoz.com.ar/files/imagecache/lvivos_nota_652_366/nota_periodistica/13_Jun_2012_16_18_07_billy-corgan-2012.jpg) 




 they are a total nish nish. quest is totally *out* right now. 




 that is a total ach yah 




 My Son, do *not* disrespect my Daughters. I will not tolerate Them being referred to as "ass." 




 I don't care. 




 Good. I was hoping you wouldn't. 




 [Hi.](http://i.guim.co.uk/static/w-620/h--/q-95/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/pictures/2014/12/18/1418920541436/5c91fb60-8e98-46ee-9897-75fce381b3a4-620x372.jpeg) 




 [Billy Corgan blesses you with his smile.](http://i.guim.co.uk/static/w-620/h--/q-95/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/pictures/2014/12/18/1418920541436/5c91fb60-8e98-46ee-9897-75fce381b3a4-620x372.jpeg) 




 I heard r/keto is pretty good. 




 [Billy Corgan blesses you with his smile.](http://i.guim.co.uk/static/w-620/h--/q-95/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/pictures/2014/12/18/1418920541436/5c91fb60-8e98-46ee-9897-75fce381b3a4-620x372.jpeg) 




 that's such a Samantha thing to say 




 that's more than I weigh 




 cheese, bacon and hot dogs. alright. I guess some people get excited really easily.  




 I'm a year and four months sober from carbs.   




 I'm 18 years old and have a *perfect* body!!!!!!!! 

...

but it's like whateva 




 finally someone gets it 




 Yeah, I figured... 




 lolwhut 




 listen to the album "Adore" 




 Yes, move. 




 Also I keep listening to the album "Adore" by Smashing Pumpkins. I can't stop listening to it. Something about Billy Corgan's voice, I guess. I try to sing along.

I also cannot stop jerking off. I usually only masturbate every few days, but now whenever I am fucking reminded that the female gender exists, so much blood flows into my dick that it fucking hurts. 




 Nope. No taper.  




 around half a year 




 I was on 14 mg of Ativan a day, and my psychiatrist decided to take me completely off of it. I haven't been able to sleep for like a week... 




 just eat meat. only meat.  




 It's Magoo. 

...

are u drunk 




 [RIP](http://i1.wp.com/natemiyaki.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/Bruno-Carbicide.jpg) 




 Please don't respond if you aren't able to play it. We get it. I'm talking to the people who are able to play the game.

The story is pretty fucking weak, and Batman is *way* too reliant on the Batmobile. I could not stop rolling my eyes. 









 http://m1.wholesite.com/2012/6/26/c2c40b83-2184-dc34-a54c-2cd9e776fe3b/CorganLead.jpg 




 hahahahahaha 




 Deficit of calories. 

This means "to eat less calories than you burn."

Large calorie deficit.

This means "to eat a lot less calories than you burn."

Answer: a little 




 "Will this make me wear carb goggles if my diet consisted exclusively of this?"

That is what you need to ask yourself. If the answer is yes, put the food down.  









 Harvey Dent. Can we trust him? 




 A block of cheese. Seriously you don't needs cake. [Billy Corgan knows.](http://vos.lavoz.com.ar/files/imagecache/lvivos_nota_652_366/nota_periodistica/13_Jun_2012_16_18_07_billy-corgan-2012.jpg) 




 How can I believe you? How do I know this won't make me wear carb goggles? 




 Stop referring to your awesome father as I have daddy issues. Thanks. [Billy Corgan is watching.](http://vos.lavoz.com.ar/files/imagecache/lvivos_nota_652_366/nota_periodistica/13_Jun_2012_16_18_07_billy-corgan-2012.jpg) 




 lmfao 




 Okay. Calories in, calories out. 

If you eat a calorie surplus due to this really cool cheese that I found at Trader Joes, you will gain just as much weight as with an identical calorie surplus caused by an episode of wearing carb goggles. The ketogenic diet is a good tool because being in ketosis induces a loss of appetite. It sounds like you're experiencing emotional eating, meaning you eat even when you are not hungry. You need to face your fears and grow some balls (wait you are female so that saying will not motivate you). Just track your macros. Fuck. Alright. I don't think my text will motivate you, so I will have to motivate you some other way. [Billy Corgan is watching you and judging you.](http://vos.lavoz.com.ar/files/imagecache/lvivos_nota_652_366/nota_periodistica/13_Jun_2012_16_18_07_billy-corgan-2012.jpg) If that doesn't motivate you, nothing will.  




 Motivation? All you need to know is that Billy Corgan [is always watching and judging your every behavior.](http://vos.lavoz.com.ar/files/imagecache/lvivos_nota_652_366/nota_periodistica/13_Jun_2012_16_18_07_billy-corgan-2012.jpg) That sure motivated me. 




 He is a famous poet. He learned that nobody really likes to read poetry anymore, so he decided to form this great band called the Smashing Pumpkins and release his poetry in the form of song.  




 He is always watching. 




 Cool. Seriously, you don't want to upset Billy. 




 okay I honestly don't know what the fuck you mean by "rev up ketosis." stop. eat less than 20 grams of carbs a day and be sure to eat in a large calorie deficit. [Billy Corgan *will* know if you don't. He is watching.](http://vos.lavoz.com.ar/files/imagecache/lvivos_nota_652_366/nota_periodistica/13_Jun_2012_16_18_07_billy-corgan-2012.jpg) 




 you're going to have to ride this out. [Billy Corgan is watching you.](http://vos.lavoz.com.ar/files/imagecache/lvivos_nota_652_366/nota_periodistica/13_Jun_2012_16_18_07_billy-corgan-2012.jpg) 




 ok this isn't going to work out if you set a diet "start date." just start it now or you're not going to get anywhere. that is step one.

also don't cheat your diet. [Billy Corgan will *not* put up with that shit.](http://vos.lavoz.com.ar/files/imagecache/lvivos_nota_652_366/nota_periodistica/13_Jun_2012_16_18_07_billy-corgan-2012.jpg) I have stayed sober from carbs since early Feburary of 2014. It takes a while to detox.

Calories are a *limit,* not a goal. If you're not hungry, don't eat. 

I have been diagnosed with anorexia and have struggled with bulimia (no formal diagnosis), so I know my shit.

 




 why put all this work into cooking when you can just eat meat and cheese. I just think of hunger as an annoying ex-girlfriend now 




 it's really hard to increase calories after you get used to a certain amount. I got diagnosed with anorexia even though I don't have body dysmorphia. I just procrastinated increasing calories. lol mental hospitals suck 




 are you srs 









 Probably The Brothers Karamazov cover as it says "The Brothers Karamazov" on it. 




 fucking lol 




 *Stop*! You're making Ish all *hot* and *bothered*!
 




 a young boy's Sunday trousers 




 I never asked for this. 




 ...........................................................................

....

I hate you

[Sobs]

...

...

...

...

[picks up gun]

"No, Magoo, no! Don't leave me! You must stay in this world."

My Daughter, I cannot.

...

I shall follow the footsteps of my Barbie.

...

[puts gun to head]

...

...

[pulls the trigger

...

on the purchase of a house he always wanted]

...

[pulls the trigger of the gun to his head] 




 No. Do not. Not now. Please. 




 ha 




 As it was Written

To displace our Fears

So something Begins

As it should have never started

It is poor

But it Speaks

To Begin

What never Was 




 No, I really am white. 




 I am in agreement, my Son.

"As a Man has Walked

He is Saved

In the Cave hidden by fog

So it has been

To bless

One who has been Forgotten"

-unknown 




 A party. Ah... Ha... Ah...

Well...

My Son is growing up. A Father always smiles when Blessed with this Treat. 

Have fun, and please do not impregnate any of my Daughters if you do not intend to support Them. 

"Imperitive, is it

To support one who is Weaker

As a Man has Fallen

From the Nest of an eagle

To forget

What is never remembered"

-unknown 




 Ah... Do not Tempt me, my Son. 




 I love watching my Sons and Daughters build up their physiques and compete against one another in the Garden. Magical. I recommend going on a ketogenic diet. This is what I do when I assume the form of Man. 




 I like Bioshock, too. 




 I know the feeling, my Son.

Haha, I remember when you took your first steps. These are the memories which bind Us. 




 What do you listen to when twerking out? I like to listen to Billy Corgan's sweet, sweet voice in my ears. 




 If you have to ask

You'll never know

Funky motherfuckers

Will not be told to go
 




 People always had the right to marry. 




 no, I don't do parties.  




 right now it's a nish nish for me, but it can turn to an ach yah if you lose some fat 




 approximately 74.21569 ounces 




 wait... is Jeff Seld back??????? fook yah!!!!! 




 Mads Magoo. 




 Bruno 




 cool 




 You realize that 90% of what I say is a joke, right? 




 you are going to get sooooooooo much karma 




 *Stop*! You're making Ish all *hot* and *bothered*! 




 I'm white. 




 good, you have been converted already.  




 do you want me to hold you 




 NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!

Seriously fuck this series. first they kill off my favorite comic book character, now they're going to harm my Barbs.  




 SCARECROW LEAVE HER ALONE! I WILL BREAK MY ONE RULE JUST FOR YOU, BUDDY! 




 please no spoilers, but i am at the part where Scarecrow threatens my Barbs. she is like a daughter to me. if she gets hurt, I'm fasting for at least a month. I'm not scared of being hospitalized for anorexia again.  




 well it didn't work. I just examined my balls, and guess what? 

THEY ARE INTACT

your tricks won't work on me, Two-Face. 




 I am really proud of The Witcher 3. I have the slipcover and everything, no big deal, no big deal. 




 there was no pm, sorceress. pls stahp being a meanie. i get intimidated easily. 




 alright. I like bodybuilding, but I don't jerk myself to this competitive shit  




 no i did *not,* you harlot. pics or negs. 




 oh fuck. no I don't mean it like that. you can't even if you wanted to, as I don't have a cunt. 

phrases sometimes have multiple meanings. For example, "look at that sick cunt" could mean "look at that ripped guy," "there is a really sick woman over there. she probably needs to get checked out. like at the hospital or something," or "take a look at that douche right there." 




 ok I got it. thanks for not being a jerk  




 so far my collection consists entirely of Xbox One games. I'm a really kool kat. 




 one of them is mulatto. one is really tan. one has tats, one doesn't have any visible. they are both like the same height. one really likes hats and has a wider smile. They both like tapered belts. 

this is really hard, so stop being a meanie. not everyone is super duper smart like you. so just tell me which is which please, as I am really lost. 




 that's cute 




 wait which one is which... I get confused really easily, so don't eat me out 




 [spoiler now] SCARECROW LEAVE BARBARA ALONE! She has does nothing to you! 

Please tell me Barbs is going to be safe. She's like a daughter to me. A really cute daughter. 




 The Brothers Karamazov 




 I'm an Adidas guy myself.

[intense stare]

...

...

...

IF YOU WEAR NIKES I WILL FUCKING KILL YOU 




 God... fuck this "Magoo" guy... 

he is *so* yesterday 




 no that's a nish nish. im not bruno im straight dave 




 Please stop laughing. If Barbara hears you mocking her... she just might... ah... hurt herself. 




 Not funny. Depression is serious. Barbara needs to be protected from herself. 




 oh my god, we get it.  




 Yeah it's really fucking annoying how it's fucking impossible for Batman to complete a mission without the fucking batmobile. All of a sudden he is completely reliant on the batmobile when in the previous three games he didn't need it at all... 




 I mean, she really needs to be put on suicide watch. 




 wait you didn't put "no homo" after that. 

you're confusing me. 




 I mean it worked for me. I used to be obese, then I got hospitalized for anorexia at 106 lbs. Works like a charm. Now I'm not *that* underweight. 




 Zero calories. If you want diet soda, coffee, etc. that's alright. If you accidentally ingest calories, you gotta throw it up.  




 I totally agree with you, but worry about living a healthy lifestyle *after* you get to a healthy weight. For now, you need to forget all that and fast whilst doing all the cardio you can. 




 obvious shitpost is obvious. even the "Magoo" fuckface isn't this bad 




 you're over 40% body fat, so it's time to start fasting until you're at a healthy weight. sorry, but you can't worry about muscle if you're obese. this is a crisis. 




 is it over 9,000 




 oh I'm sorry I'll shorten it. it'll just take a sec. hold on babe 




 to get bitches. 

so far I have collected 9 female pugs. lifting is really working out for me 




 NO! 




 lolwhut 




 Saying Magoo is annoying is a nish nish all the way. 




 http://www.iphotoscrap.com/Image/769/1297087699.jpg 




 Not being up to date is a *definite* nish nish. 




 ok I'm confused 




 No. I swallow.  




 wtf? I'm not some $2 hooker. lol 









 ALMOST small... I wear an XS. HA! 




 TWO DIFFERENT WORLDS... inside the same... world...

whoa 
 




 Okay, I laughed. But I'm a guy, so making me laugh won't get you any poon.  
























 hey how is billy crazy? 




 I think it's a pretty good game. Not groundbreaking, but certainly entertaining. 




 haha she knew she couldn't hit the high note so she didn't even try. still a good cover though 




 lol 




 "despite all my rage I am still just a-"

"pika?"

"CHUUUUUUUUUUUUUU" 




 after the cherry has been popped 




 lol 




 wait that's a good idea 




 because Geralt is the Master Chief, duh! 




 you forgot Tomb Raider. fuck i gotta fap again 




 By completing the game (almost) again.  




 If you have a really good PC that is powerful enough to handle it at high settings, PC. 




 lol 




 Great job, my Son. 




 Have a threesome with two beautiful women. 




 well I'm disappointed 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 I'm considering doing this. Is this a dumb idea? 




 I would play the original Tomb Raider (in this era of Tomb Raiders) first.  









 well maybe he bought those jeans at the end of a bulk. he might have been finishing up a cut. he was pretty lean 




 well my cousin didn't undress; I guess his jeans were kind of loose 




 haha it's $10 more to buy it pre-owned 




 whoa you have a lot of gamerscore  




 I love Halo, to to be honest I'm a little bit more excited for the new Tomb Raider. God she's hot. 




 Camilla Luddington was great in Californication. I'm glad she's the new Tomb Raider. Just the cover art alone caused me to stock up on cocoa butter.

Oh, and I'm completely aware that now that you guys know she was in Californication, you are all looking up "Camilla Luddington nude." 




 It appears that you are a Cardio Bunny who is attempting to find her Way by dabbling in strength training. This is great, my Daughter, that you are trying to make this Change. Please, my Daughter, do more strength training, so as to Attract my Sons, and frolic in the Garden. 




 maybe that's what she meant it as... 




 good. I bought boxer briefs. I was going to get a bunch of hot pink briefs, but I decided against it 




 yeah it's probably because he's super jacked. 




 yeah he's also really ripped.  




 I bought some Calvin Klein underwear recently because I noticed my cousin (who gets a lot of girls) wears Calvin Klein underwear. 









 if you're scheduling a suicide you're never going to do it 




 yeah I should have answered, "The one I'm listening to at the time." 




 He thought it was ridiculous that I was prescribed this, so he just took me off of it. 




 I love that song 




 well since it's in the third person I get to stare at her ass the whole time 









 yeah that's awesome 




 ... 




 mine is The Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete 




 [I'll save you the trouble](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xh2efj_saturday-night-live-2006-natalie-portman-rap-hd_fun) 




 It's an SNL skit 




 "But what about the kids that look up to you? Do you have message for them?"

"All the kids looking up to me can suck my dick! 

It's Portman mutherfucker, drink til I'm sick 

Slit your throat, and pump nitrous down the hole 

Watch you laugh and cry, while I laugh you die 

And all the dudes, you know I'm talking to you 

We love you Natalie 

I want to fuck you too! 

'P' is for Portman 

'P' is for Pussy 

I'll kill your fuckin' dog for fun so don't push me " 




 Natalie or Camilla? 




 July 8 




 She looks a lot like Natalie Portman... 




 Have you done anything to stunt your growth? 




 Arkham Knight 




 Alright, good. She did an excellent job in the first. 




 Have you played 2 and 3? 




 I'm looking at the cover of the new Tomb Raider game right now. Will it have the same voice actress as its predecessor? 




 Alright, then Dead or Alive 5. I loved DoA 2-4, but this game signaled the death of the franchise. 




 I'm doing absolutely nothing. 




 Billy does look rather [feminine](http://lh3.ggpht.com/_UDIwZAxomYk/S7RIbdEtGCI/AAAAAAAAAdA/mkREkyYG9LA/36-billy-corgan-01.jpg) lol 




 I'll assume you're talking about Xbox One games as this is the Xbox One sub (I also have a 360). 

Sunset Overdrive. It's a very good game, but not as good as the others I own (Arkham Knight, Witcher 3, Halo MCC, Shadow of Mordor and Wolfenstein), causing it to be the worst. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-viEnhbV56E

Actually two scenes, but they are very symmetrical.  




 He's not just smashing pumpkins...

lol jk Billy's cool 




 I say, "I'm going to listen to MCIS right now," but then I see Adore and lose my willpower. I can't say no to that record.

I honestly never get tired of it. Pretty much all I listen to is Adore on repeat. 









 haha it came with my console... 




 "because I can't stop listening to Smashing Pumpkins... I need help..." 




 yeah, but I discovered the SP fairly recently 




 yep of course. sexism. sexism. sexism. everything is sexist now.  




 What, am I supposed to be repulsed by pretty girls, lol 









 He had beautiful hair. 




 I fucking love Adore. I'll definitely get that 7-disc set. 




 his cheekbones are nowhere near as high as mine 




 I'm into pretty girls 




 I have really high cheekbones, so does this make me ber cute? 




 yeah that's a really good song 









 I also like Boston Terriers but that's it 




 ok pugs are not ugly, in fact I think any dog that is not a pug or a bulldog (I like both French and English) is ugly 




 pugs are very cute dogs, so it's more likely about a cute person  




 He obviously likes plays on words, and some lyrics I mishear, but completely fit the song. I think it would be pretty cool if he sings his music so it can be heard different ways. 




 It obviously has nothing to do with pug dogs, so why is it called "Pug"? 




 bye bye $150 




 nice. thanks 




 But then we need 50 coins... and 50 more. 50... 50. 




 Harvey Dent, can we trust him? 




 Eva Mendes in The Place Beyond the Pines

EDIT: Wait, are you asking about an ACTOR who is commonly known as bad, or a PERFORMANCE that is commonly known as bad? I don't think anyone thinks Eva Mendes did a bad job in this movie... 




 lmfao 




 fook 




 I want to listen to the album Adore by Smashing Pumpkins while I am  playing Arkham Knight.  




 Adore by Smashing Pumpkins is a good album. It has a lot of sad music. 




 Does he get a lot of screen time? 




 Well I would also need a therapist if I had to wear those tattoos. 




 Is it worth watching just for his performance? 




 go fuck yourself  




 Whenever I'm out in public I make a complete idiot of myself by playing a character I created (like Sacha Baron Cohen but I'm not making a movie). 




 I watch The Place Beyond the Pines. 




 Fuck that. I had to do that to treat catatonia, and it really fucks up your memory. Please don't encourage that shit by being a patient. 




 I really liked his performance in The Place Beyond the Pines. 




 It sounds like it won't disappoint me, so I'll buy it. 




 If you had to choose, which film do you prefer?  




 Why didn't you like it? Not that I don't respect your opinion, but this kind of feels like someone saying they don't like the novel The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.  




 I just got done re-watching The Place Beyond the Pines (my favorite film). Will Blue Valentine (same director and writer) disappoint me? 




 She obviously was suicidal, but that doesn't necessarily mean she attempted/succeeded. I think it's a good idea to message her family to see what's going on. 




 I beat the game on death march, and what you need to do is put on quen, use fast attacks, and dodge. 




 no he just loves the books 




 [she also used to be the bassist for the Smashing Pumpkins](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6IDz8DLMWOM) 




 oh nice that you mentioned smashing pumpkins, billy corgan has such a sexy voice no homo 




 wait, it's done? 




 fuck, it looks like I need to bulk up lol 




 if that's a mens small I'll happily buy it from you 




 on death march, right?  




 I would listen to that song. 









 This publication would have been more relevant if you answered the question. 




 Not trying to be a smartass, but there is no title track as the album is not called "Ava Adore." Billy said the title is actually a play on words, as "Adore" sounds like "A door," as he knew it was a huge departure from the original sound, so it is "a door" opening for the band.  




 Some people like me love it, others think it's complete shit. Yeah, it's a departure from the previous albums, but it's still a great album. 




 I don't understand the logic of getting rid of the albums you really liked just because the artist put out an album you didn't like. 




 "Today" by the Smashing Pumpkins is a good pick me up. 









 C'mon, Adore is great. 




 mine is Adore 




 I listen to the album "Adore" by the Smashing Pumpkins. 




 Well I'm going for it. I'll sing along to it while making eye contact. It's fucking cruel and unusual to not blow me if I do that. 




 yeah so can you answer 




 Seriously, dude? You can at least answer my question. 




 definitely a nish nish 




 Billy Corgan is famous for his usage of Sexy Voice (no homo). Who else has been gifted with Sexy Voice?

In all seriousness, I'm just looking for singers who have a voice similar to Billy Corgan's. Thanks. 




 lolwhut 




 indeed 




 I can't really say I love stew, lol 




 what is with you and stew, dude? 




 I got that, but this question is fucking weird. 

To answer the question, I don't "dip," but if I did, buffalo meat would probably be a good replacement for bread. 




 the tip of my dick

but seriously, what the fuck kind of a question is this? 




 lolwhut 
























 Dane DeHaan 




 Another method actor. 

["Jakey G ain't got nothin' on me." -Christian Bale](https://04jjhawkins.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/christian-bale-transformation.jpg) 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 I think I'm a Jason. 




 Sometimes if I'm feeling frisky I pop in Blue Valentine. 




 This is my order:

1. Act one

2. Act three

3. Act two 




 [Take that back!](http://i.imgur.com/LRaJMTD.jpg?1) 









 but Billy uses his trademark Sexy Voice in that song no homo 




 17 




 haha you're gonna need to post the link, dude 




 Sega Genesis  




 uhhhh... ebay?

but unless if you're seriously strapped for cash, keep it  




 why do you say this? 




 1. Tear

2. Behold! The Night Mare

3. The Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete

4. Crestfallen

5. Annie-Dog

6. For Martha

7. Blank Page

8. Once Upon A Time

9. To Sheila 

10. Ava Adore

11. Pug

12. Daphne Descends 

13. Shame

14. Perfect

15. Appels + Oranjes 

16. 17

 




 20 hours of ~~work~~ play 




 The lack of Adore (Smashing Pumpkins) disturbs The Father Magoo. 




 fook. looks like I wasted $40 









 The Smashing Pumpkins 




 No, it sucks. Hardly any content. Go play a real game, like Superman 64. 




 They're both great games, but The Witcher 3 is much better. 




 pretty fucking violent 




 I believe three times. Do you know of any other Billy C interviews like this on other shows?  




 I would call one Dad, the other Daddy. 




 Every day. Do you have a washing machine? Sell it. Don't wear the same outfit twice, honey. Rookie mistake.  




 no I stay away from that garbage. I might relapse and become a Chunky Monkey again 




 you should probs get laid 




 when she sucked my dick while sober 




 Huh... I was just wondering whether this was considered feminine by popular culture. I did not make a judgment myself; I was inquiring what the judgment of others is. 









 Witcher 3... 

sexy women...

mmm... 









 I have always had morning wood. I call it the bat signal.  




 hey someone just posted that 




 I mean, if you want to play them, go ahead, but you don't have to play them to understand The Witcher 3. The novels are a good read if you want more story. 









 [well...](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/25/d4/d7/25d4d7d302ec8e5c684d1aee74b76bf0.jpg) 




 watch some chick flicks and study their behavior at the park while eating lemon tarts 




 His name is Billy Corgan. 




 [yeah, they're really cute](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/7b/2f/62/7b2f62839af28c9b7ba7adb4e0ffbc17.jpg) 




 maybe lift weights and get some hobbies other than gaming?

also try not being nine years old? 




 I don't kill. 




 You simply need to understand how those of the female gender operate. It is actually rather simple to do.  




 well this is a real stumper. I don't have any buddies. you really got me here. 




 I'm sorry, but you have to do something sexual. ass, mouth, vag, in that order. this will show how much you care. 




 well I do it by fucking her brains out, but that's just me 




 fuck bitches snort coke  




 shorties 




 she likes it, so I like it 




 wait who passes up sex? 




 whatever side my girl wants me. she likes to sleep on top of me. 




 no, I just jerk myself to hot chicks 




 morning bjs 




 on back, so girlfriend has access to dick if she's bored  




 girlfriend wakes me up with bj

take shower

brush teeth

return the favor

do lifting routine

get dressed

take pugs for walk

talk to girlfriend about stuff

take selfie 

 




 if a woman isn't hitting on me, she's taken #sexyandiknowit  




 half life 3. can't get enough of it 




 Rise of the Tomb Raider

Gears of War Ultimate Edition

Halo 5

The Phantom Pain

Fallout 4

Yeah, I know that everyone is going to say to not pre-order, but I highly doubt those will be bad games (well Gears is a remaster, so I know it's a good game). 









 I've never owned a Playstation console, so I'm just shooting in the dark, but I'm going to go ahead and say The Last of Us. 




 Barbara's suicide? I didn't really notice anything overtly violent/sexual or excessive use of swear words, so I am wondering if the game is rated Mature because it includes such a dark theme. 




 He shouldn't let his girl boss him around like that. 




 whoa dude, you're going to get soooooo much karma 




 well I've never been diagnosed with bulimia, just anorexia 




 killing joke 




 Can you give me a link? 




 I'm 5'10" and I got down to 106 lbs. last year but then got hospitalized for anorexia. Was that too much? I take cosplaying seriously. 




 1. By Starlight

2. Disarm

3. The Beginning is the End is the Beginning

4. Ugly

5. Behold! The Night Mare

6. Jellybelly

7. For Martha

8. The Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete

9. X.Y.U.

10. Annie-Dog

 




 haha just buy it dude 




 I know that, but a tattoo is a bit too much. 




 I want to see the Smashing Pumpkins, but I don't want to go to it if it's all going to be about Marilyn Manson. 

EDIT: I'm listening to Marilyn Manson for the first time now, and he's actually pretty good, so the concert will probably be a good time either way. 




 I really like the witcher, but a tattoo? 

http://s29.postimg.org/j1q10zygn/wtf.gif 




 I don't understand what the point of a few seconds of piano is. Why did they put it at the end of Adore? 









 wait I though "fap" was synonymous with jerking off.  




 I watched some interviews with him on the Alex Jones talkshow, and he seems like a really cool guy. 




 haha I got to that part just now 




 yeah get the fuck out of here, cunt 




 not at all 




 fuck off 




 Ok, so I call you a numbcunt, and that automatically makes me immature... got it 




 I'm 18 




 I played the original Gears first, numbcunt. 




 and don't say that there are actually three others, as Judgment is not a real Gears game 




 honestly not trying to be mean, but you guys really need to drop some weight before you cosplay these characters... 




 Uhhhhh, I meant if his music is any good. I don't care about what kind of person he is... 




 I would never forget The Phantom Pain, brah. The Phantom Pain doesn't forget me. 




 You forgot Halo 5, brah 




 You forgot Halo 5, brah 




 You forgot Fallout 4, brah 




 He's actually a really good actor. Have you seen The Place Beyond the Pines? 




 I'm 18, and I just haven't listened to him, but I've heard of him. Are there any albums you recommend? 




 Does it mean "smashing pumpkins" as in destroying pumpkins, or "smashing pumpkins" as in good-looking pumpkins? 




 I noticed the Smashing Pumpkins are touring with him. Is he any good? I haven't heard any of his songs. 




 Oh nice, it looks like I can just play mgs3 and peace walker to understand what's going on 




 He's black, so he doesn't fit the role.  




 Mads Mikkelsen won't lose his acting skills by working out... 




 Is Metal Gear Rising Revengeance any good? 




 how can he do that if he's dead? 




 eh, kind of looks like he just started lifting weights. he doesn't need to look like a pro bodybuilder, but c'mon 




 I always imagined him as pretty muscular in the books. I mean, he spends his time chopping monsters to death with his sword. He should have some muscle. 




 NOT THE CROSSDRESSING ELVES!!!!!!!!!!! 




 YES. But he would really need to bulk up. 




 Yeah, I thought that, too. Maybe in like 15 years or so. 




 what if I read/watched a story synopsis? 




 The HD collection doesn't have all of the previous games. 




 I think Ryan Gosling could pull it off if he bulked up a bit.

I'm comparing my covers of The Place Beyond the Pines and The Witcher 3 right now. They have very similar facial features.  




 No, the question asks whether someone can enjoy The Phantom Pain without playing the previous games 




 You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah
 




 You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah
 




 You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah
 




 You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah
 




 You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah
 




 You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah
 




 Besides Ground Zeroes, I haven't played any Metal Gear Solid games. Will I still enjoy The Phantom Pain? 




 You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah 




 you forgot The Phantom Pain, brah 




 do you have a link? 




 I hope star wars battlefront is like the originals 




 time to get an Elite controller 




 1. Rise of the Tomb Raider (because hotness)

2. Gears of War Ultimate Edition

3. Halo 5

4. The Phantom Pain

5. Fallout 4 




 jesus christ, it's just 17 bucks... 




 She does not have much access to food, so she wouldn't be able to take a big shit. 




 I am a minister of the Church of Magoo. I myself am repulsed at the idea that one of my Sons would force one of my Daughters to accommodate Him against Her will. Again, I'm being realistic. 




 sorry I am sort of intoxicated right now 




 No, I'm not saying, "She deserves to be raped." I'm saying that it's laughable that a bunch of horny men starved for sex wouldn't try to rape her. 









 fucking casual!  




 Sunset Overdrive 




 wait can you send me a link? 




 well I like pretty girls too 
























 Bruno 




 Definitely Southpaw. ooooooooo the suspense is killing me!!!!!!! 




 OMG! OMMFCSDVRQQPQFG! YOU SAW HIM TOO??? HAH! Well guess what, smart guy! I saw him at the [2:57](https://youtu.be/PLLQK9la6Go?t=2m57s) mark! BET YA DIDN'T CATCH THAT, DID YA? 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 camel toe, checking in  




 [no reason](http://i.imgur.com/NOECI0s.gifv) 




 I hope I can be as cool as you one day. 




 he's also an executive producer  




 Notice that I said end credits, not beginning credits (nothing can top the True Detective beginning credits theme). 




 Perhaps I'm too much of an optimist for thinking reddit has moved on. [sigh] 




 yeah I like Matty Boo Boo too 




 Brno

I'm sorry, it's a guilty pleasure movie for me, alright?

don't judge me 




 love that song 




 funnier 




 Assuming you are not a kid, Trainwreck. 




 I've seen all three, and this is my order: Nightcrawler, Whiplash, then Kingsman. All three are great, though. 




 [rolls eyes]  




 oooooooooo my Jakey Bear continues to surprise me! 




 Exactly (at least that's how it should be). The reason I made that comment is because of the relentless Chris Pratt circlejerk. Almost everyone on reddit fucking worships the guy. It's annoying.  




 [rolls eyes] of course he is... 




 For me it's Jake Gyllenhaal (AKA Jakey G and Jakey Bear).
 




 No, Spirited Away is perfect as is. 




 Jules Winnfield is a Bad Mother Fucker (BMF). Nothing scarier than that. 




 The Hateful Eight for Best Picture

Samuel L. Jackson for Best Actor

Jennifer Jason Leigh for Best Actress

Quentin Tarantino for Best Director

Zo Bell for Best Actress in a Supporting Role

Tim Roth for Best Actor in a Supporting Role

The Hateful Eight for Best Original Screenplay

Japanese dubbed version of The Hateful Eight for Best Foreign Language Film

Any song from The Hateful Eight for Best Original Song

Animated version of The Hateful Eight for Best Animated Feature Film

Robert Richardson for Best Cinematography

Anime version of The Hateful Eight for Best Writing Adapted Screenplay

The Hateful Eight for Best Visual Effects

okay you guys get the idea 




 Goodfellas lacks one key plot element: a Bad Mother Fucker (BMF). Pulp Fiction all the way. 




 Natalie Portman

Oh wait, I think it might be because I'm a straight 18-year-old male human being. 




 Just got off work. THERE'S STILL TIME TO MAKE HISTORY. 




 "Those are my muffins! You give me back my muffins!"

Life lesson: *Never* let a humanoid horse take your muffins away from you. 




 Wait, some of you guys are already done binging? whoa, I'm impressed 




 you rebel  




 Brno 









 How does this compare to the other Judd Apatow films? 




 Do you wish you saw Trainwreck instead? 




 I *loved* seeing my Jakey Bear in Donnie Darko and then all grown up in Nightcrawler. I am tensely awaiting Him to bless me with His acting in Southpaw. What to watch as an appetizer? 




 1. The Hateful Eight (Tarantino, enough said)

2. Southpaw (my Jakey Bear is starring)

3. The Revenant (same director as Birdman, so I am very interested)

4. Crimson Peak (del Toro haunted house film)

5. Jane Got a Gun (it's Natalie Portman starring in a western) 




 Don't really have time to watch both this weekend. have to go to a wedding 




 Is anyone else here going to watch Trainwreck instead of Ant-Man? I'm getting really sick of Marvel movies (I didn't even watch the new Avengers), and Trainwreck actually looks like a pretty solid comedy. 




 "I'm committing carbicide."  




 the muffins one

"Those are my muffins! You give me back my muffins!" 




 haha no 




 For me it's definitely the muffins one. Just thinking about it puts me in a good mood. 




 Back to the Future? More like Blast from the Past, am I right? Am I right? [sigh] I'm not right, am I? 




 this isn't r/gossip. the only thing about him that I care about is his acting 




 hopefully it's a Red Dead sequel, but I have no way of knowing if this is really their next project; this is just what I want it to be 




 how much 




 No. He's just a bothersome bloke.  




 Brno  




 Sammy L is a confirmed BMF. Mr. Neeson would not stand a chance. 




 Only one of these men is a Bad Mother Fucker (BMF). What else needs to be said? 




 act 1: im still his daddy i can give him stuff. 

act 2: sorry son but u remind me of that time i killed a baby boy's father, so u are getting zero attention from me. 

act 3: my daddy killed ur daddy. u mad brah? 




 ah fuck, I guess I gotta cancel my meeting with HBO 




 Just like any sane person would, I would of course choose Buffy the Vampire Slayer.  




 There's something inside you

It's hard to explain

They're talking about you boy

But you're still the same 




 Well he was the star for like the first 40 minutes... 




 ah damn, I fucking loved that 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 being able to alienate myself from everyone I know 




 Then you'll love The Place Beyond the Pines. Watch it. 




 No. Fuck no. 




 who the fuck doesn't like Lou Bloom?  




 Mine is The Place Beyond the Pines. 




 No, but it is an annoyance.  




 Check out my cake day presents! Nothing. Everyone hates me. 




 Sega Genesis 




 OMG THIS IS SO SEXIIIIIIST CHRIS SHOULD GET MORE MONEY #MASCULINISM 

but seriously, if Chris Pratt was being paid more, there would be a fucking riot. just saying 




 I know that I was not in a car meet when I last played the game. Every single time I start it up, I am in an online car meet. Why? It is really getting annoying. If I want to play online, I'll choose to do it, but right now I'm playing by myself. Is this a common issue? When will this get fixed? 




 rape 




 _ 




 the clitoris  




 lolwhut 




 I don't understand. You already own the physical copy. 




 drugs 




 fecal matter 




 it's $10

I mean, if you're like *really* broke, just don't spend your money. If you are not broke, then it's just $10. 









 Wait... it's being sold separately????? fook yah!!!!!!!!!! 




 Wow. Thanks for the detailed response! 




 I am 18 years old and have attractive facial features. Blonde. I used to be pretty muscular, but I was hospitalized for anorexia last year, so I pretty much have no muscle now. I'm at a healthy weight now, but I haven't really been lifting weights lately, so I probably have less muscle than the average male, and therefore am less masculine than most men. I'm around 5'11" by the way.  




 Yes. (I'm being interviewed by a female of around 60 years of age or so.) 




 Halo, Gears, Forza. Boom. 




 Wow. Did you think I was being serious? lol 




 I have an interview at a health food store in about five hours. This is my first job interview, and I'd really like to get this job because I'm very interested in health food and supplements. What should I wear? Should I wear a tie, or is that too much? Hair spiked or combed to the side? Tips?
 









 Well, yeah, but obviously I was saying vocals are important to a band which incorporates vocals into their music. 




 WHAT?????????????????????? 




 I think it's vocals by far. There can't be a Smashing Pumpkins without Billy, right? 




 Alright, I see what you mean. Maybe I'll just get the digital version so that I won't have to look at the Kojima-less case on the shelf.  




 The Witcher 3. Yeah, it just came out, and you probably think it's the thrill of playing through a new game talking, but this really has everything I want in a game. It's perfect.  




 I said the same thing you'll receive no support here. 

Honestly not trying to be a grammar nazi, but I just do not understand what you are saying.  




 Yeah, but seriously? Is Konami run by a bunch of children? This is just fucking juvenile.  




 cancelled pre-order. no kojima name on cover, no sale. hashtag sorry not sorry
 




 cancelled pre-order. no kojima name on cover, no sale. hashtag sorry not sorry
 




 cancelled pre-order. no kojima name on cover, no sale. hashtag sorry not sorry 




 Sorry, didn't see it. 




 yeah you have to wait until next week to get it if you don't have the season pass 









 Did anyone see 'Amy' this weekend

Yes. You did. 




 US 9.5 




 It would be pretty cool if he put in some Smashing Pumpkins like he did in Watchmen. 




 Oh I forgot about that one. Maybe I'll watch it again.  




 I think the tattoos illustrate the character's impulsiveness.  




 I really like Nightcrawler, American Psycho and Se7en. What are some others I should watch? 




 Especially if it ends with the Joker doing something really fucked up.  




 Alrighty, then. 









 haha, you beat me to it 




 Your username is "PMme_JonahHill_nudes."

Are we supposed to take you seriously?

 




 damn right 




 Spirited Away 




 The Place Beyond the Pubes 




 Point Break 




 Brno  




 I might check out that new cut of DOFP. 




 I also listen to Nine Inch Nails, Avenged Sevenfold, Metallica, The Dillinger Escape Plan, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Marilyn Manson, Neil Young, Atlas Genius, The Antlers and Passion Pit. 




 No, he's alive. He's on a special, happy farm, where he makes buttermilk. He romps and plays. There's a hammock made of dreams. 




 Old Blood is a prequel. 

Let that sink in. 




 Yeah I don't understand how it would get ported to PS4 if it's being published by Microsoft Studios.  




 I thought Rise of the Tomb Raider was just a timed exclusive. 




 my Quenty Bear

Why? He's my Quenty Bear. 




 I wear Adipowers casually lol 




 probs not. fifa maybe 




 Forza for The Last of Us 




 My gamertag is Magoo Senior 




 Will there ever be a Forza spinoff with guns (like Full Auto)? 




 OMG MOMMY WE NEEEEED TO GO TO THE STORE RIIIIIIIGHT NOW CUZ I GOTTA GET A PS4 SO I CAN PLAY COD A LITTLE EARLY PLEEEEEEEASE MOM CAN WE GO 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 It really is a masterpiece. You should also check Blue Valentine out (same director and screenwriter). 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 The Aquaman movie directed by James Cameron starring Adrian Grenier.  




 That's not Ben Affeck, that's Henry Cavill. Also, I thought Amy Adams was a woman. Jesse Eisenberg looks a lot like her.

EDIT: Sorry about the stupid joke. It's just that from this angle it looks like the names are in front of those people. Why so serious, guys? 




 I'm a princess. 
























 by not being a fucking pussy 




 I can hardly ever take anything seriously. I joke around all the time, and laugh at almost everything. When a girl broke up with me at a restaurant once, I just laughed hysterically for like a minute.  




 Either that or anything with Melissa McCarthy.

LMFAO!!!! upvote for you 




 indeed 




 /u/trollabot zach_wizzle 




 /u/trollabot TrollaBot 




 /u/trollabot NoblePilsner 




 haha that gave me a real laugh 




 Calm down, sugar daddy. You don't have to do this. We can work something out. 




 Doesn't make much sense as this is an all-multiplayer game. If there is exclusive access, there aren't going to be many people playing... 




 Also, does the Horizon spinoff series add to the story, or is it unrelated? 




 I actually do think it's a bad film, but I just didn't want to get downvoted to hell by fanboys in denial. 




 Just look at their asses. They won't see you looking. ;) 




 I think it is, "Suck a dick, dumbshits!" 




 I do not understand why some women like this one take steroids. Men are attracted to feminine characteristics, not masculine ones. 




 Like is it good enough to buy on blu-ray or should I just rent it? 









 Donnie Darko

well it's more of a psychological thriller, but it's creepy 




 I really liked Adam Sandler movies.  




 haha what a cheapskate. couldn't just shell out a little extra money to get adiPowers. 




 all natty brah 









 Say, "Hey, you're being pretty pendantic."

If they respond with this, they're pedantic: "No, I'm *pe*dantic, not *pen*dantic." 




 wait, when you say "Gyllenhaal," do you mean Jake or Maggie? Maggie is a great actress, but she is a girl, so I don't think that would work. wait... I just had a brilliant idea. Jake as the Joker, and Maggie as Harley Quinn. The actors are brother and sister, so they probably would have great chemistry! make it happen 









 The Dark Knight Rises. Sure, it wasn't a *bad* film, but it just wasn't nearly as good as The Dark Knight or Batman Begins. 




 no, I'm not saying that I did this (I don't even have a dog); I want to know if anyone has.

you know what, everyone reading this probably thinks that I actually did this, so fuck this, I'm deleting the thread.
 




 No. The second I do that, my chance with her becomes zero. 




 This is probably very sadistic of me to force you to choose between these two great films, so sorry about that. I personally would choose The Place Beyond the Pines. 




 I just lost all self-respect. 




 What? No, I wouldn't do this; I was just wondering if anyone has done this. I don't even have a dog lol 




 rereading *The Brothers Karamazov* 




 This probably won't happen, but it would be awesome if Last Caress by Misfits was played at the credits of Suicide Squad right after the Joker does something really fucked up. 




 Blue Valentine  




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 The Karate Kid 




 Spirited Away

Howl's Moving Castle

My Neighbor Totoro

Princess Mononoke

Ponyo 




 I really like the movie Gremlins for some reason 




 it is very weird. she has a very fat upper body, but has nice legs.  




 hey take that back 




 yeah he is 




 yep 




 no, I wasn't looking for that. I didn't know that was a valid reason to not like her 




 Ted 2 




 wow 




 wow 




 wow 




 Yeah I just started watching it today. It's really good. 




 I really liked him for his Emmy-worthy performance in Sons of Anarchy and of course his Oscar-worthy performance in Pacific Rim. What a great actor. 




 "Leo, *sit.* No, Leo. *Sit on my face.*"

[sigh] "At least she's not getting out the peanut butter. Oh, the things I do for yum yums." 




 1. The Place Beyond the Pines

2. Blue Valentine

3. Pulp Fiction

4. Nightcrawler

5. Spirited Away 




 yeah well that's true for every comedian. nobody can please everybody. it just seems that she gets a lot more hate than most comedians. I am simply wondering why this is. 









 yeah she definitely doesn't do many squats, if any 




 alright this might sound like a dumb question but are you using the term "wet" in the sexual context? sorry, but I am very, very confused 




 alright this might sound like a dumb question but what does "stormy" mean in this context?
 




 idk you tell me 




 alright this might sound like a dumb question but what does "overcast" mean in this context? 




 [here](https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ui=2 ik=a580ee8fa0 view=fimg th=14ea99f7ff11b310 attid=0.1 disp=inline safe=1 attbid=ANGjdJ9XxJFzyvyXTlyZGxyO-cs0HMp7uj-hFI8zh3Fbp8cwcaX13jprv0jAGTVpDiu_8D1G_wUcuo0JHopO-g5J8ZwPKeM1kPI_pwt5rskjHYpwB8Ap9sxaiao4GUo ats=1437364894981 rm=14ea99f7ff11b310 zw sz=w1256-h813) 




 [ok here](https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ui=2 ik=a580ee8fa0 view=fimg th=14ea99f7ff11b310 attid=0.1 disp=inline safe=1 attbid=ANGjdJ9XxJFzyvyXTlyZGxyO-cs0HMp7uj-hFI8zh3Fbp8cwcaX13jprv0jAGTVpDiu_8D1G_wUcuo0JHopO-g5J8ZwPKeM1kPI_pwt5rskjHYpwB8Ap9sxaiao4GUo ats=1437364894981 rm=14ea99f7ff11b310 zw sz=w1256-h813) 




 alright I just got back from my uncle's house, so just give me a sec while I upload them 




 Alright, fine. I have to go over there and then run back here, so it might take like an hour.  




 Okay, well if you really can't wait until tomorrow, I guess I could run over to my uncle's house now. 




 Okay, I guess I kind of got into troll territory at the end there, but my uncle really does think I look like Ryan Gosling. 




 I forgot my phone at my uncle's house, so I can't post a pic right now. Maybe tomorrow. I might forget, so please remind me.  




 It is serious. If Ryan Reynolds is considered sexually attractive, Father Magoo can, as my Sons say, "reel in da pussy." Father Magoo has sworn sacred vows, but if he is a "pussy-magnet," (so sayeth the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Spirit) He is willing to put a temporary hold on His... umm... vows. 




 No, I'm serious. He wasn't saying this in a sexual way, if that's what you're wondering. I probably should have said "someone" said I look like Ryan Reynolds. Basically what I want to know is whether women think Mister Reyonds is sexually attractive because that would mean Father Magoo is sexually attractive by proxy, so that I can seduce my cute little Daughters into sin. 









 Sometimes while watching a movie with me, my uncle sighs and says, "He's going for the pity fuck." Is "the pity fuck" a real thing? 




 Brno
 




 well at least someone got it 




 I might be in the minority, but I like character depth in all stories. 




 No. I do *not* support rape. And I will *not* support it by watching a rape film. 




 Father Magoo to the rescue! 




 what are you talking about? I didn't delete anything 




 haha Star Wars is *not* science fiction, it's fantasy. 




 I wish I had $120 million to spare 




 You just *had* to start asking questions, didn't ya? Now you know too much. 




 Yes, Jax Teller has an alias that he uses for his acting career, which is "Charlie Hunnam." 




 He was great in Pacific Rim. Is he short on time because of The Club?

also no spoilers because I'm only at season 4

oh wait Jax Teller is going to be in Crimson Peak OMG he must be on good terms with del Toro... wait... is del Toro a member of The Club? 




 still a better love story than Twilight  




 huh, I never knew Britney Spears did Disney before.  




 Wow. Jesus. This was a joke, believe it or not. I just wanted to say, "I just saw Dallas Buyers Club and think that Jared Leto is a great actor and cannot wait to see him play the Joker" without coming off as a Jared Leto fanboy. It might be just me, but I'd prefer to read a silly joke rather than "OMG OMG OMG Jared is like *such* a great actor and i *totes* CANNOT wait to see him play the Joker OMG he's also like super cute no homo." 




 buffalo 




 or maybe OP *put that on his sleeping wife!*

[gasps] or maybe *she was never asleep*

maybe this is part of a conspiracy to *take over reddit and imgur*

*one.*

*step.*

*at.*

*a.*

*time.* 




 Action sci-fi is still action, and Pulp Fiction is a black comedy (it doesn't have to be obnoxious sex humor to be considered comedy). 




 oh remember the flashback where Bojack tells Herb to "get cancer"? 




 No, what I'm saying is that he did such an excellent job playing a transsexual junkie that now whenever I look at him I think of a transsexual junkie. Those examples are *not* analogous to what I am talking about. 




 Action - Aliens

Comedy - Pulp Fiction

Drama - The Place Beyond the Pines 




 Yeah, but Jared Leto owned the role of Rayon.  




 Have you seen the trailer? It looks fantastic. Jared Leto and Margot Robbie look perfect for their roles. 









 I just got back from Afghanistan. I was never able to get my favorite brand of muffins, so I would at least like to be entertained by Mister Arnett as I wallow in despair and morbid self-pity. For what is the meaning of our cruel, despondent existence, if we cannot even have our muffins? 




 Is that any good? Never heard of it. 




 Bojack has been my very first dive into The Will Arnett Pool of Fun and Happy Games. Please, give me more. 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 Yes, really. I really like it. 




 How am I supposed to know if you're a sociopath by just reading *one* paragraph about you? You sound pretty fucked up, but that doesn't answer your question. You've got to give me more information.  




 Yeah, I caught that too, but idk who she voiced.

huh... it doesn't mention it on her wikipedia

ok guys now I know

I just checked the bojack wiki page, and it looks like she voiced Irving Jannings (Kelsey's daughter) 




 You don't know me; I don't know you. Stop this charade. 




 Also, is Sextina Aquafina making fun of Katy Perry? 




 [walks slowly towards the door] 




 uhhhhhhhhhhhhh I never asked for this 




 No, it's A Ryan Seacrest Type. I just love the way he bulges his eyes at his guests.  




 far too large to use in the average woman.

I'm not an expert, but that sounds a little politically incorrect. Not that there's anything wrong with that. 




 Higher Love for comedy, Escape From L.A. for drama 




 Fuck, this episode was a complete laugh-fest. Almost as good as the muffins one. 




 Yeah, he's *such* a Zoe! 




 "Okay, thanks lunch lady."

"Yeah, bring one of your cats as a sidekick." 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 









 You are a wise Golden Labrador Retriever, but I don't understand that statement because it is not grammatically correct. 




 Anime Bojack directed by Hayao Miyazaki MAKE IT HAPPEN 




 mine is Mister Peanut Butter 




 lmfao 




 [The Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete - The Smashing Pumpkins](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7Bnp_Znp9M), to be directed by David Fincher  




 great show. 

"Those are my muffins! You give me back my muffins!"
 




 no, it would be weird if you didn't lol 









 The Hateful Eight (Quentin Tarantalino is always great), Southpaw (my Jakey Bear is starring), The Revenant (same director as Birdman, so I am very interested), Crimson Peak (del Toro haunted house film), Jane Got a Gun (it's Natalie Portman starring in a western) 




 Hey! Jakey Bear is MINE! You don't really love him! Leave him alone! 




 The Phantom Menace.  




 Todd. I don't think that's a good thing. 




 eh not really 




 18 




 Ant-Man, yes. Trainwreck, no. 




 Nope, Gyllenhaal. And Handsome Luke is Ryan Gosling, duh. 




 I'm thinking Jakey G and Handsome Luke. My Jakey Bear plays a character called "Arthur," and Handsome Luke plays "Kevin." Arthur gets romantically involved with Natalie Portman (who plays herself), who happens to be Kevin's old flame. Hijinks ensue. Also the show is now a sitcom filmed in front of a live audience.
 




 I'm thinking Jakey G and Handsome Luke. My Jakey Bear plays a character called "Arthur," and Handsome Luke plays "Kevin." Arthur gets romantically involved with Natalie Portman (who plays herself), who happens to be Kevin's old flame. Hijinks ensue. Also the show is now a sitcom filmed in front of a live audience. 




 definitely watch season one. it is fantastic. I might even say it is a masterpiece. I don't think I can say the same about season two, though...
 




 no, wait, it's actually *suck* a dick, dumbshits 




 Hey, you take that back! True Detective theme is *very* goovy! 

EDIT: You guys know I'm talking about the first season theme, right? 
























 Classic Joker. 




 It's tough finding six women. 




 Forza Horizon 2. It's a lot longer than I thought it was. I've played for hours and hours, and I'm only at 27%. 




 haha I actually thought of you literally masturbating over her before I read the punchline... 




 This is /r/jokes 




 I don't understand why short women are insecure about their height. I prefer short women. 




 yep 




 I used to only listen to particular songs by an artist that I heard before, but now if I hear I song I like by an artist, I listen to their albums in full to fully appreciate the artist. 




 I have not seen every movie ever created, so I can't really say, but I think the Joker's introduction in The Dark Knight is masterful.  




 She is only 5 feet tall. Shouldn't she be called Ariana Petite?  




 Educational video games? Never heard of those. 




 [rolls eyes] 




 Is this a good Pug Film? Is it a respectable addition to the Cinematic Universe of Pugs (CUP)? 




 pretty much the movies I really like 




 haha I guess I have to wait until it gets legalized in Ohio 




 I 3 pugs!!!!! 




 Death Proof  




 yep. I am in complete agreement. upvote for you 




 The Place Beyond the Pines, Blue Valentine, Pulp Fiction, Alien, Aliens, Miyazaki movies, Nightcrawler, Donnie Darko, Drive, Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, Pan's Labyrinth, The Terminator, Terminator 2, Mud, Se7en, Zodiac, American Beauty, Taxi Driver, American Psycho, Requiem for a Dream
 




 Do they have to be super recent? You should watch Miyazaki's films if you haven't already. They aren't necessarily made specifically for kids because adults can enjoy them just as much. 




 The Place Beyond the Pines, Blue Valentine, Pulp Fiction, Alien, Aliens, Miyazaki movies, Nightcrawler, Donnie Darko, Drive, Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, Pan's Labyrinth, The Terminator, Terminator 2, Mud, Se7en, Zodiac, American Beauty, Taxi Driver, American Psycho, Requiem for a Dream 




 hahaha 




 theFLICKpick 




 I don't condone animal cruelty, but personally I just judge a movie by the quality of the film itself. I won't avoid a good film just because I don't think the creators were behaving morally when creating the film. 




 Ok, cool. I actually rented it yesterday, so I guess I'll watch it now. 




 ok fair enough 




 ok cool. does the pug get a lot of screen time? if it does, I'm definitely buying it on blu-ray 




 what if they knew nothing about that? 




 you mean Drive? 




 I guess I agree with you to some extent. He doesn't play the exact same kind of character in every film, but they do feel similar in nature. 




 wat 




 I'm just going to quote what I said in a previous comment:

 I was going to say Jake, but then I remembered Ryan's performances in The Place Beyond the Pines and Blue Valentine, and now I can't make up my mind.

 




 lmfao @ second paragragh 




 Do you think I would like it? I'm an adult male who is a huge lover of pugs. 




 But can an adult still enjoy it? As I said, I'm a huge lover of pugs, so a movie with the protagonist as a pug really grabs my attention.  




 Haven't seen Prisoners. Do you just like Jake's performance, or is it all in all a good film? 




 Is the only film Gosling starred in that you saw Only God Forgives? 




 Wat 




 I really, really love pugs, but I don't think I want to watch a movie made specifically for kids and not adults. 




 Jesus Christ, please don't tell me this is going to turn into a Nic Cage circlejerk thread where everyone comments "Nicolas Cage." 




 Yes, that's why I think he's such a good actor. I was going to say Jake, but then I remembered Ryan's performances in The Place Beyond the Pines and Blue Valentine, and now I can't make up my mind. 




 I thought it was a very well done film and definitely creepy, but I wouldn't exactly say is was "horrifying." 




 I'm being serious. 




 I honestly can't decide which is better. 




 when he still had hair 




 Well you have to love something to hate something. 




 Christian Bale as Steve Jobs with Fincher directing? That would have been awesome 




 oh, thanks for sharing that. I didn't catch that 




 Nightcrawler, Donnie Darko, Zodiac, End of Watch, Prisoners, Enemy 




 Yeah. I mean, I personally think Mr. G is a great actor, but I understand that not everyone is a fan of his work. Idk why you would get downvoted just for expressing the fact that you are not interested in his acting. 




 Yeah, I have the same question you have with #2. I'm pretty sure the implication is that she got gangbanged, but there's no way of knowing for sure. 




 You know that I'm joking, right? Sorry, I can't tell if you think I'm serious or if you're playing along with my joke. 




 Isn't Saw just sadist porn? 




 Blasphemy! How dare you express indifference towards Jakey G! 




 ok cool 




 are you male or a really tall female? 




 The Dark Knight Rises. I was so hyped for this film after watching The Dark Knight that I cried for like an hour straight after watching the midnight showing of TDKR because it was nothing like I thought it would be. 




 Is the movie as intense as the trailer makes it out to be? How emotionally gripping is it? Judging from the trailer, it looks like Jake Gyllenhaal is giving a great performance as always. How does this performance compare to his other performances in film?
 




 Is the movie as intense as the trailer makes it out to be? How emotionally gripping is it? Judging from the trailer, it looks like Jake Gyllenhaal is giving a great performance as always. How does this performance compare to his other performances in film?  




 This is my favorite movie, and it would mean a lot to me if someone made this theme.  









 No, it's called being pedantic. 




 Umm... like *every* movie? Pretty much every movie has a male and female character that are not romantically involved. For example, in The Place Beyond the Pines, Romina is not romantically involved with Jason. Why? They are mother and son. In Birdman, Michael Keaton's character is not romantically involved with Emma Stone's character. Why? They are father and daughter. In Rise of the Planet of the Apes, Caesar is not romantically involved with any human female character. Why? That's bestiality. In The Dark Knight, Bruce Wayne is not involved with a random female extra. Why? They never even met. 




 damn right #feminism #insectsarepeopletoo #checkyourprivilege  




 yeah, Alex should definitely do more comedy skits like this 














 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i2QZM_WLss

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEGke8kzeZM 




 Huh. I thought that was the best part. Haven't you seen the Trix cereal ads where the kids go, "Silly rabbit, Trix are for kids!"? That's what he was referring to. 




 How did you train him to do that? 




 She's eating more than you think. 




 That's damn good. I went from like 220 lbs. to 106 lbs. in around 6 months as a 5'11" male. 




 would [this picture](http://www.picschamp.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Natalie-Portman-pic.jpg) be compatible? 




 Well, I mean if you're fat technically you are not starving yourself even if you eat nothing because you are being fed by your fat reserves. 




 I don't know how to get it... 




 Wait, can I set any picture from the Internet that I put on a flash drive as the background for my Xbox? If so, I might put a picture of Natalie Portman on there. 




 I wasn't copycatting. I noticed his post and decided to post the outcome of a race that was even closer. I imagine I would have posted it even if I did not see that post. Also, I honestly do not care about karma. If I have an opinion that I know will get downvoted to the extreme, I still post the comment. The expectation of karma does not impact what I post. 




 Well to be honest I don't really have any energy to work out right now.  




 What? Some other guy posted the same kind of post and it never got removed, and this race is even closer. 




 I also find this relatively unbelievable

What would be my motivation to lie? I am an anonymous user on reddit. And I don't think this is exactly an achievement.  




 Well, for me personally, no. I can play it all day. 




 Yeah I like weightlifting, but I just do it because I enjoy it, not to get bigger or stronger. Yes, by fasting I mean not eating at all. 




 Sometimes I fast for up to weeks at a time. Not willfully (I'm pretty underweight, so there is no logical reason for me to fast.), but because I simply do not feel like eating. Just the thought of eating nauseates me during this time. Once I feel like eating again, I do a huge binge, sometimes lasting multiple days. Then I start fasting again (again, not willfully, but because I just don't want to eat). 




 Could you please tell us what you've already played so that we know what games we should recommend? The obvious answer is The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt as it is over 200 hours long (as a user has stated before me). Arkham Knight isn't nearly as long, but still a respectable length. Halo: MCC is 4 games in one (5 if you buy [or receive for free if you played MCC around the month span after its release] ODST) with an addictive multiplayer. If you like racing games, Forza Horizon 2 is huge: I've played for God knows how many hours, and am only at 27% game completion. 



















 Alien, Aliens 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 The Dark Knight Rises 




 Yes, that is exactly what I am trying to say. TDK is similar in tone to Batman Begins. 

Is that a serious question? All the brooding darkness that made Batman Begins and The Dark Knight so special is completely gone in The Dark Knight Rises. 




 Also, do you think Maggie Gyllenhaal would make a good Harley Quinn?
 




 Why do you think that TDK and Begins have a more consistent tone than TDK and Rises?

What? No, I said that The Dark Knight Rises is a huge departure in tone from both Batman Begins and The Dark Knight.
 




 I feel that Christopher Nolan didn't really have his heart in the project. It felt more like he was trying to fulfill a contract and get it over with rather than make a film he was passionate about. I theorize that Heath's death depressed him and put him off track. The Dark Knight Rises is a huge departure in tone from Batman Begins and The Dark Knight. 




  were the best for me

 




 No, he means Mark Wahlberg.  




  When I first saw it, I was overwhelmed with hype, so it was hard for me to really judge the film.

 




 The Dark Knight Rises. When I first saw it, I was overwhelmed with hype, so it was hard for me to really judge the film. 




 What about Alien? 




 The 1979 (btw that's a great Smashing Pumpkins song, sorry Billy Corgan made me do that plug) theatrical version or the 2003 director's cut? Also for Aliens, should I watch the 1986 theatrical version or the 1991 special edition? 




 seriously? *another* Spiderman reboot? wtf 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 I'm a virgin, so HA! Nothing's following me! 




 is that a good thing or a bad thing? 




 It Follows because I'm scared 




 do you really think it's a good one because I took like five minutes writing that, and I don't want to feel like I wasted my time 




 The David Fincher version 




 Yeah I just said "fuck it" and decided to watch it with her. I'm a half-hour in, and she said, "So is this just a movie about 'tag'? 




 what's that? 




 uhhh... alright, fair enough 

[I walk away, then once you can't see me I run to the bathroom and cry my eyes out. You come to the bathroom door and knock, asking if everything is okay. The I scream, "NO! EVERYTHING IS NOT OKAY! IT IS NEVER OKAY! AND YOU WONDER WHY I CUT MYSELF!" You sigh, apologizing, then say, "Father Magoo, this can't keep going on like this. I don't know why you are so hell-bent on destroying your life. You need to turn this shit around, Father Magoo. You know... umm... Father... I never told you this, but I love you... I really do." I open the door slowly, tears falling from my eyes. "Really, BubblegumIPA? Really? Do you mean it?" I sniffle a little bit. Okay, a lot. I sniffle for like five minutes straight. "Yes, Father, I love you. I didn't know how to express it to you, so I have heavily insulted you this whole time as I grasped for a way to show my affection. I didn't quite understand how you were making me feel until now. I love how you smile when the blue moon reaches its peak. I love how you grasp flowerpots before kissing the flowers. I love the way you do your little dance after every heartfelt sermon. Father Magoo, I love everything about you. We need to be together. I know how much you care about the no sex 'til marriage thing, and I understand that. So why wait? Let's get married today. Right now." I graze my right index finger across my lip, contemplating the impact of this revelation. "I... I love you too, BubblegumIPA. Let's get married, Bub!" You grace me with a half-smile, subtlety rewarding me for using the pet name that I so often use for you and you alone. "I now pronounce us..." I inhale deeply. "...husband and wife!" I smile jovially. "I may now kiss the bride!" I proceed to perform the aforementioned act, and we passionately fuck each other's brains out after the best man, who has been watching us this whole time, slaps your ass.] 




 well I'm 18, so it's fine for me. I guess I could watch it some other time. maybe you can suggest some horror movies that my sister can watch with me. quick, because she won't stop pestering me about it. 




 Yeah, but if someone asks what my favorite movie is, and I say The Place Beyond the Pines, they say, "What's that?" or something similar 




 I just bought these films on blu-ray, and am wondering how they compare to each other:

End of Watch

It Follows

Pan's Labyrinth

Enemy

The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo

Prisoners 




 The Place Beyond the Pines. My favorite movie, but hardly anyone knows about this masterpiece. 




 She really wants to watch a movie with me before I leave for college, and she says that it has to be this movie because she likes the cover. She is 10 years old. Also, her name is Jessica, and you know what they say: Jessicas are always tough girls. 




 Alien, Aliens, Alien Isolation
 




 ok that joke's gotten kinda old now 




 lol 




 I honestly don't see it. 




 the games with gold lineup was just leaked, and cod is not a part of it 




 well besides the cameos in TDK and TDKR 




 Actually that's the only movie I've seen him in. What movies with him starring do you recommend?  




 Great observation. I completely agree. 




 It can be any one...

well, from that I kind of got the impression that single-player only was alright...

Skyrim is a single-player game, so I guess you can cross that off the list... 




 yes 




 Personally I don't like the game, so I myself wouldn't spend any money on it. You might really like it (a lot of people do), so it might be worth the money in your case. 




 Bioshock 




 repost, checking in  




 Nice. I haven't played Ryse or Fallout NV. 




 Rise of the Tomb Raider (because hotness) 




 By Starlight - The Smashing Pumpkins 




 I would ask my sweet Jakey Bear if he can be the new Joker with his big sis as Harley Quinn 




 by bleaching your angus 




 eh, Cillian Murphy did an outstanding job as Scarecrow. when I think of Scarecrow I think of Cillian Murphy
 




 [sorry it took so long](http://i.imgur.com/D16BsNE.png?1) 
























