 You will never have a calculator in your pocket which is why you must learn your multiplication tables  




 These are the ultra orthodox. They do not believe in the formation of a Jewish state until the second coming of the messiah. 
























 Surprise twist, you're an iPhone developer. 




 That lead is an extreme hazard. 





























 Is there any way to change the audio output of chrome and or mute all audio in chrome? I feel like this feature is a given and would set Chrome apart from all other browsers.

I am not looking for any solutions involving changing the default system output. 
























 There are tons of frameworks on github for this, definitely use those 




 Apparently the bomb was 260 times more powerful than what hit Hiroshima  





























 Totally agree 
























 That's the point of the package. 




 I have met him before, I was on a special school field trip to space X and we got to ask him any questions we wanted. Got to shake his hand at the end and thank him. Maybe see if they are offering tours of the space x facility? 
























 However bad this may sound, this can also be viewed as a good thing for SpaceX. They have had a long winning streak which can lead to a greater risk of human error. Hopefully this is a wake up call for them. 


































 I could not agree more with this. 
























 Thanks!! It was a ton of work and much more is to come. Yes I do plan on releasing for android. 




 Thank you! Yes I am full time on it! 
























 Thanks you! I hope it helps. 




 Great question.

We have found that people overwhelmingly prefer a good photo with a short review to a long written review.

Foodworthy gives a real-time view of the food people are eating in your area (assuming there is enough people in your area). With every photo that is shared through the app, you can include a short review and a ranking. Every photo links to a specialized restaurant page, showcasing what others have eaten at that restaurant. You can also find location specific information including directions, hours, dietary options and more. 




 Thank you. Finding food I want to eat has been one of the most challenging things, hopefully this will solve that problem 




 Thank you for your support! I hope you enjoy it! 
























