 *Do You Think I'm Saxon?*    
Mother of God... 




 It still has yet to release most markets outside the U.S. 




 Nope. Still Marvel Studios productions. 




 That's what the glitched memories are intentionally called, yeah. 




 If I'm not mistaken, Jak X came out in 2005, so that fits as well. I have heard that they were working on Uncharted since *during* Jak 3's development. 




 X-Men: First Class had a great score. 




 [Frankenstein's Monster](http://youtu.be/6oIUOqK_er8) from X-Men: First Class is iconic for that film. 




 I mean, everyone eventually dies. He was a pirate. It's kind of inevitable. 




 I agree with this so hard. Vidic's monologues were fantastic. 




 That's not what I meant. 




 Which one? 




 Still, a director should know how basic comedic timing for a comedy works. The Earth segment at the beginning is faithful on paper, but in tone it's completely different. 




 I think it was directed with terrible comedic timing. Every line had no room to breathe. It's like they were in a rush to get through all of the jokes, some of which lacked their brilliant set-up from the book; punchlines aren't a joke. 




 She's hardly in it. 




 You unlock previous squadmates with tokens earned in the combat sim. You invite individual members up before the party by selecting "invite *****".  




 Jack and Jill and Blended were widely maligned. 




 What? No. 




 only 




 That's the spirit. 




 "Netflix rhymes with wet chicks" was only one of many moments that prove Sandler is only in it for the money these days. 




 In that sense, I'm glad they showed it. It was bloody amazing. I'd still expect at least one controlled set piece in the game like the cargo plane. It's what the series is known for. 




 I'm just kinda glad they didn't spoil any big action set pieces (like the train and the cargo plane from 2   3). I know some people wanted that, but I'd really rather experience it myself. 




 And that's my only gripe, which is pretty good for Rogue. 




 Saleswise, prob not well, but as a sequel to Black Flag it's pretty good. Only complaint is that the amount side content waaaayyyyyy outweighs the amount of story content. 




 All Blacks hater, I presume? 




 Far Cry and Rogue weren't bombs at all. 




 [Here's the latest news, from February.](http://m.ign.com/articles/2014/02/10/director-jaume-collet-serra-says-live-action-akira-still-a-go) Read the last paragraph of the interview. It's a bit racist.     
Plus, Oldboy the movie is Korean, based on a Japanese manga. The American remake is based on this film. 




 They're proper Blu-ray  sets available from JB Hi-Fi in Australia and New Zealand. Those are all labelled with Australian ratings, so they're from Australia. 




 Actually, I'd bet most people would know her as the best friend in Confessions of a Shopaholic.    
/s 




 Switch Liara and Tali and this flow chart is actually possible. 




 The first song I heard after finishing DT was *Ass Back Home* by Travis McCoy. I'll always associate it with DT despite it being totally tonally different from it. 




 I hate the Aaron Paul suggestion for this same reason. He's way too old. He'll be 40 by the time the film is even announced, if ever. Because of this, any fan casting for Eddie Dean is probably not going to work out.     
Speaking of actors meeting with producers for movies, Maisie Williams met with Sam Raimi and Neil Druckmann about The Last of Us. She's 17, and the movie hasn't been greenlit. Ellie is supposed to be 14.     
The leaders of both projects are just trying to show executives and studio heads that big actors are interested in their film. Aaron Paul for Eddie and Maisie Williams for Ellie are both way too old. 




 Christopher Lee would be my pick. 




 The Room thumbnail... 




 Only female character in The Hobbit besides Galadriel. She has a dwarf-boner. 




 They have their own styles. Doesn't matter what you think of their work. Every director leaves a mark on their films. You don't like Guy Ritchie. That's fine. He has his own style, though. 




 The Bloody Mary fight in Ep 5 is so badass. 




 Literally the next one is a Game of Thrones reference. Only c**ts name their swords. 




 Make sure to meet up with her every time she messages you. One of them is a call from the Spectre Embassy. 




 *Hone Alone 




 If it already looks that good a year away from release, I've got to say I'm getting excited. 




 200 years after Shakespeare... 




 /r/nottheonion 




 As a long time AC fan, this one really hurt me. It's hardly about the French Revolution, Arno is clearly the executive notes for Ezio 2.0 and the best character, Elise, is underused and ultimately undermined by the story itself in the most insulting way possible. What the modern day story has become is too depressing to mention when thinking of the potential and the heights of what has come before. Ubi developed AC Rogue for fans and AC Unity for sales. It was developed from executive notes and not any one person's vision. What the hell happened? 




 Massive step back from MW. I'd rather that one was on PS4. 




 The menu and loading music gets quite grating after a while. It's like every time you start up the game, a wave of depression washes over you in the form of whatever the hell instrument accompanies the guitar. 




 No one; this one isn't a true 50/50. 




 But then how else would horny 10 year old me have gotten into the show? 




 Exploration in ME1 is optional, but enjoyable for some. The planets are rather barren, so you might not/probably won't enjoy it as much.    
Scale, though, is a different story. You do feel like you're exploring an entire galaxy, and it feels amazing. The exploration from ME1 is scaled back, but the atmosphere retains a feeling of being bloody massive.    
Edit - TL:DR In terms of atmospheric scale, they *feel* big; bigger than the games actually are.      
(Just saying: if you only played 3, you haven't experienced the game's full potential. Importing saves between games changes what content you see storywise.) 




 If you buy the trilogy, you download the games separately. 




 Bioware have publicly admitted that they might do it. An exec was on Neogaf asking for wishlists, and also listed his own: 1080p, 60fps, seamless experience between the games, DLC implemented into ME3 organically, higher resolution textures etc.    
[Source](http://www.playstationlifestyle.net/2014/11/07/bioware-asking-fan-feedback-mass-effect-trilogy-ps4-xbox-one-remake/) 




 Every single character arc in Season 5 comes to a tragically, dramatically ironic conclusion. It's brilliant. 




 They did provide a reliable source. 




 Iron Man 1, kind of... 




 It's also my face seven minutes into the Arrow pilot where Tommy says "In that show Lost, they were all dead...I think." Thanks for fake-spoiling the show for millions of people, CW! 




 *"Al Jazeera's a network."* 




 [The chances are higher than you'd have thought!](http://venturebeat.com/2014/11/07/bioware-mass-effect-trilogy-remake/)    
People don't realise, but they're being discreet about it likely because it's in the works. Whether they'll actually go through with it is up in the air, because I'd imagine it would be fucking expensive.    
(Edit: better link) 




 Make sure to have Extended Cut installed and over 3100 Readiness! 




 That struck me as a lazy way to make sure it didn't break co-op. 




 Best way possible? Considering what we've had before, this is hardly the best way possible. We've never been given the chance to experience the best possible modern day story. 




 It synced Freedom Cry the other day, but it hasn't yet realised that I've 100%'d it. It also believes that even though I've completed the story for AC Revelations, I've got 0% sync. It doesn't realise that I have 100% on AC2 or have even played Rogue. My multiplayer levels for Brotherhood and Revelations are only accounting for one of my PSN accounts, rather than the original levels I synced my Uplay account with - both over level 20. It's screwed.    
Bonuses won't matter when I've moved on to another game. It will have been too long when they finally fix it. You had your chance Ubi. 




 This looks hilariously uncomfortable. 




 It's only a couple of them, though. I'll get enough for Veterans and Endurance. 




 Some of the Abstergo Challenges are bugged to zero progress, when I've definitely performed these actions many times. 




 Infamous First Light - 1 day, 29 *seconds* (no hours of minutes).    
[Here's my account](http://psnprofiles.com/train_subject4565). 




 Don't forget he left Lost altogether after one episode. 




 Probably because they can't show off any good cinematography from it. It'd look pretty out of place. 




 2001 was not technically *based* on a book. Clarke and Kubrick collaborated. Clarke admits parts of the book were adapted from independent changes to their draft in the film.    
But, yeah, 2010 was absolutely based on Clarke's book. 




 There are ways to make it interesting for longer. I just think it really drags on and it doesn't need to. 




 Bishop. She's just a new character. Possibly Erudito, but it's never stated. 




 *Me and my Battle Tits.* 




 You're on /r/PS4, so... 




 Like KDramaStars and Master Herald, massive click bait sites. 




 *My name is ASAC Ellie, and you can go fuck yourself.* 




 And SR2 at the bottom. 




 *This explains...so much.* 




 So they're apologising for the shitty release by giving us free DLC?! Great save, Ubisoft. First step towards redemption. 




 This comments section is cancer. Good post, OP. 




 For me, it gets quite repetitive after an hour and a half. Even on hardcore, it's too easy if you're good at the gunplay. And [spoiler](#s "Nyreen dies?! Why? We haven't known her for very long. It's not impactful. It takes away importance from what was an intriguing character.")    
Also, Illusive Man Lite aka Generic Russian General was quite a weak villain. He plays bloody chess and makes chess metaphors. Clich, much?    
Overall, the story felt like it was thrown together to justify spending time developing concepts for an Omega level before removing it from the original story. 




 I'm not a Batman fan, but Inception is a great rewatch with mates just for the awesome action. 




 I can't watch Memento again, but The Prestige is better every time. 




 People who did hate Desmond were too outspoken. 




 On their Twitch channel, I'd think. 




 It certainly spoiled *my* first viewing of the film, but who knows how I'll react on second watch? I still love The Prestige and Inception; they're probably both top ten favourites for me. Memento is pretty solid too. Sucks how disappointed I was in this movie, but I'm glad to see others liking it. 




 In the extended patch notes, they list "UNSPENT SYNC POINTS NOTIFICATION APPEARING TOO OFTEN". We did it, guys! 




 Yet people accuse us of lying, saying there's no possible way you could have guessed.    
I think it doesn't reflect on the movie well if people who are versed in its genre can guess what the ending is going to be, 20 minutes in. 




 It's not like they're even the reason for the movie's failure. If the leak was good, buzz would have spread. 




 Anyone who's read 2010: Odyssey Two would guess this pretty quickly, because Bowman/Star-Child does the exact same thing to his wife. 




 Dude...Revelations! 




 Aside from all of the great Breaking Bad episodes and servicable GoT episodes, she directed [last season's Walking Dead finale](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNzgDgdmRK4). I feel like they've taken a ton of cues from how she handled that episode.  




 Someone should tweet this to Raimi and Druckmann. They've already met with a fan-suggested actress, so we know they're open to public opinion. 




 I know, I'm a motherfucking mastermind! 




 GUESS WHAT? YOU HAVE A NEW RIDDLE! HOLD THE MAP BUTTON TO READ IT, or just read the clue on screen after this pop-up disappears LIKE YOU'RE ACTUALLY SUPPOSED TO. 




 Mediafire might be better for *public* sharing, or Mega.co.nz 




 Now watch [**THIS**](http://youtu.be/kH0P-CA7ntE). It's meant to be viewed post-finale. 




 What was the controversy? Ralph from The Dharmalars was on Jay and Jack's 10th Anniversary Rewatch about a month or so ago, and they were reminiscing about how great Scott  amp; Steve were. If you were willing, you could share the episodes on Google Drive possibly. The other guys and I would be grateful. 




 Not very far into Unity, but the new map is a bit painful to use. What do you guys think? 




 Different? He didn't sound at all like the cowardly mess from the glyphs in Brotherhood and II. Anyone else think this is strange?    
Off topic: Wasn't John "John from IT" Standish aka The Sage a little too similar to Revelations' portrayal of Clay? 









 EDIT: Was going to put "INB4 Lost, Mass Effect and The Dark Tower" to avoid repeats.    
Remember to put "and why"! 




 This is a VERY strange question.    
When I first read it, I interpreted the beach to be on the right of them as they progressed. When I was halfway through the book the second time through, I was furious when I figured out it was the other way around.    
All of the evidence points toward the beach being on their left - to the west.    
How did you picture it? 




 For my second playthrough of Mass Effect 1, I decided to play on Hardcore on a new profile (yeah, that's pretty stupid for a relative newcomer) as a class I had never played before - Vanguard.
I f***ing hate Benezia. I have died for literally two hours in total. I did go back to an earlier save to complete the Hot Labs, which I'd bypassed, to gain a level.
Once I went down to Casual and still died, but this time because I put in less effort. I restarted my checkpoint and was reverted back to Hardcore. I ended up persevering on Hardcore and have nearly beat the bitch.
Since I never changed the difficulty on that one save, will I still get the trophy?

Plus, any tips for the final part of that boss fight for a level 18 Vanguard on Hardcore? 
























 Oh, Jak 2 had the worst checkpoint system of any game I have ever played. It's one of the hardest games out there IMO. Jak 3 is fantastic, though easy in comparison. 




 [This art](http://cdn1.gamepur.com/images/feature/the-last-of-us-2-concept-art.jpg) by a former Naughty Dog employee (which might have been from the sequel development) *might* make you change your mind. 




 This World Ain't Big Enough for the Last of Us 




 (spoiler: yes) 




 Ellie has more story left in her. Next game should be about Ellie becoming an adult. That concept art featuring [17-18 year old Ellie with a guitar](http://cdn1.gamepur.com/images/feature/the-last-of-us-2-concept-art.jpg) (Joel said he'd teach her) is amazing. She's got a long life ahead of her, being immune to the infection.     
**Edit: provided link** 




 Only on the Season Pass or Remastered. 




 It's slang. You read it properly, therefore it worked. 




 Forgot they changed the name :) 




 Also the most fun platinum I've ever had. It's extremely short, but the battle arenas are extremely fun and challenging. You have to complete every challenge for the platinum. 




 Remember to play on Hard. 




 Ewww, that was clearly an effects bugger-up. 




 Ditto here actually, except I didn't see the beginning of Season 3 (the first seven episodes) until after Season 4. 




 Woah, as a massive fan who thought he knew everything about the show, my mind was just blown to pieces. 




 Wait...is that why she and Jack boned the night before? 




 Different territories? 




 Facebook vs North Korea is the showdown the world needs. 




 Dies. Totally worth it. 




 I maintain that The Brig (3.19) is a highly underrated episode of TV and possibly one of the best of all time. 




 I loved the original and I'm definitely curious, so thanks! Probably going to hate it but at least I'll have seen it. 




 Played the games before? 




 Easily the hardest Insanity mission for me was the Collector trap. I spent hours on that. It's the second hardest video game level I've ever played. 




 It took a long, long time for me. That 1% will move along. 




 So...when Isabella, Jacob and MIB's mother, Ben's mother etc. appear to our characters, are they themselves?     
When and when aren't they themselves?    
Appearances I specifically want clarification on:    
+ Isabella - On the Black Rock (because that is her at the end of the episode, right?)   
+ The twins' birth mother    
+ Ben's mother    
+ Christian to Michael    
+ Ana Lucia when she pulls Hurley over    
+ Libby constantly haunting Michael 




 Now play Grounded difficulty :) 




 After Grounded, I first went back through chapter select to get all collectibles (never overwrite your main save!), and I've finally finished Grounded Plus today.      
I initially took 22 hours on Grounded (wasted over an hour on the bookstore trying to trigger the joke), but I only took 13 and a half on Grounded Plus. It's much easier knowing your previous methods. Still need to go through Easy++ for weapon upgrades, but only up to the suburbs for the Shorty.     
My advice: go for it. 




 Or viewers. 




 Which was the one with his seahorse, Mystery?     
"Wee-snaw!" 




 Did they really change the name in the US to Sorcerer's Stone? Why? 




 I started played TLoU just over three months after I finished Mass Effect 3 (I'd only played 2   3 at the time, once each). Gotta say I was initially disappointed. The trophy structure was bad, the story progression felt forced (having no choices) and I just wasn't that into the gameplay.     
However, after having played so many games since October 2013, I recently picked up Remastered for pretty cheap. I gave up on Survivor difficulty earlier this year because I lost interest (wasn't even very hard); so this time I jumped straight into the new Grounded mode and it's an entirely different game in that it literally feels more "Grounded" in reality. The stakes are higher because resources and ammo are so scarce. I felt an actual connection to the characters because of it. The character deaths don't seem groan worthy anymore. I'm replaying it on Grounded+ after collecting all collectibles and conversations on chapter select.     
What I'd suggest to you is to come back to it in a few months on Grounded and struggle through that. It makes the game feel so much more genuine. 




 If you're playing the PC version of AC2 or the Game of the Year edition on any platform, you already have the DLC integrated into the story. 




 You're right; nowhere close to two months. Less than 5/8ths of it.     
And, yeah, shit should work at launch. 




 20mb patch upfront and nothing since, which is pretty fantastic for those who have data caps (Unity's updates being gigabytes each and crucial for the game to function is pretty ridiculous). 




 "Nothing brewing" is a very vague sentence, though. "We have nothing to announce" is what they said about TLoUR on Beyond's Left Behind interview, when we now know they'd been working on it for the better part of a year. It's what Bioware's Aaryn Flynn said about Mass Effect Remastered right before he went on Neogaf and asked everybody for their wishlists.     
Let's keep hoping. 




 [Interstellar spoiler](/s "In hindsight, that does spoil the ending a bit.") 




 And Breaking Bad. 




 That would have been disappointing. I like the allusion to the beginning where Joel is running through the hospital carrying Ellie, alluding to him running with Sarah at the beginning. He calls both of them "baby girl" and they're all soldiers with assault rifles and flashlights, just like the one who killed Sarah. It's all so chilling and powerful and emotionally charged. 




 It must be tough for people who aren't massive zombies fans. My mates and I just got most of them automatically on local co-op, and Sacrificial Lamb took one try while we were biding time. Can't imagine getting the Dead Ops trophies, though. Arcade is boring.     
Good job on Veteran, though! I shudder thinking about it. 




 Not out in the US? I was wondering why it wasn't getting much attention. Those 1v1 fights are so good. 




 This guy gets it. The title should have been *(Spoilers) The best scene in Gone Girl* or something. It's too specific. She does something with a boxcutter and it involves the heaviest possible spoilers. Most people would believe she's hardly in the movie especially since the title is "Gone Girl". 




 Otherwise it wouldn't be called the boxcutter scene, it would be called the box scene. Exactly. 




 They must all be provided with visually attractive templates. [This video is really good](http://youtu.be/VXJiBkFgprQ). 




 They originally said "other books". 




 This might be an AC Unity situation where they kept the original pressing date in early October but delayed the game so they could patch it. The Order was supposed to be released this year, so this is actually rather likely. You know what that means: MASSIVE DAY ONE PATCH! 




 Your money would be better spent elsewhere. 




 Revelations will be impossible. Matchmaking still doesn't work, and it's even worse now no one plays on it :( 




 You may be completely right (and probably are). Nonetheless, it's a suggestive title because it points out that the scene where she uses a sharp object is a scene involving, in OP's words, the heaviest spoilers possible.    
All I ask is that you don't shower me with downvotes :) 




 It's quite suggestive if you haven't seen it. I'm not trying to argue. 




 Depends on what you're after. If you want an even story, this is not it. The weak ending cheapens the better moments of the game. AC fans, like myself, are disappointed with the story. It was not made with franchise fans in mind.     
I wouldn't recommend it. How cheap is it? 




 This article is basically a link to another. Why not post *that*? 




 Looks just like the poster for Battleship, and 30 other movies. 




 It's a contextual spoiler. Saying there's a really powerful scene that she uses a sharp object is a spoiler. 




 *It doesn't?!* 




 That movie was made to put people into depression. 




 I'm not reading the text because I haven't seen the film. Don't put that there's a boxcutter scene in the film. I'd suggest reposting without that in the title, because knowing she's dealing with sharp objects feels like a spoiler. 




 Heartwarming episode right here. 




 Photo mode was also great for surveying your surroundings during forces combat on Grounded. 




 The Last of Us was *more* cinematic at 60fps, ffs.  




 Graphics-wise? Not too much (considering it was always stunning), but get it for 60 frames-per-second, 1080p, fantastic story dlc, most multiplayer dlc and the new difficulty level. Remastered has it all, while PS3 version is just the base game and you won't get an online pass with any used copies, so possibly not even multiplayer. Gladly, Remastered doesn't require a pass. 




 Never. It didn't even redeem any of my progress in Uplay actions until after I completed the game.     
In fact, after a few weeks my entire profile was wiped and I was pushed up to level 13 (where I should have been the whole time). 




 A week, infrequent play for me. Played through 100% on good, got all good karma trophies, then played through on hard as evil, got all random evil karma trophies, finished game again. One of my easiest platinums. 




 You actually can hide it from your account, but only through using a PS3. 




 Ahhh, my first platinum. Loved this one. 




 You don't remember the Man in Black's name because he never had a name :) 




 Edge of Tomorrow takes place over three days, though. 




 Inside porno mags.     
EDIT: Well, now my comment isn't funny anymore. 




 I think I'll make the bet that Hank will die and it will motivate Hope to become the new Wasp (her mother being the first). 




 The Delicate one is magnificent. Doesn't Hurley's discman break at the end of that one? 




 Those are some pretty ambitious platinums. I'd think Shadow of Mordor would be the one least likely to drive you insane. So, SoM would be my suggestion.     
Last of Us requires you to play the great but depressing story mode more than twice and I think more than a month in consecutive days of multiplayer. GTA V requires you to get to Level 100 online. Dragon Age almost certainly requires over 100 hours of gameplay. 




 The last four episodes of Season 3 are widely regarded as the high point of the entire series. You're up to a point where you might watch only episodes 3.13 - "The Man from Tallahasse", then 3.19 - "The Brig". A character disappears between these episodes, and The Brig is mostly about what happened in between those episodes (though it does spoil a bit of the episodes in between). They're why Terry O'Quinn won the best supporting actor Emmy that year and they might convince you to get back on track where you left off. 




 I've watched all of the show, read the first book, I'm two quarters through the second, and I still don't care for the characters. It's like every sympathisable character is the underdog. Even when Danerys became the one on top in Season 3, Season 4 comes around and now it's about her actually kinda *not really* being on top of things. Her storyline goes backwards.      
Look, the dialogue, the production and the direction are all fantastic. There are characters, but there's hardly a plot. It's all subplot. Some people like that though and that's perfectly fine with me. I still miss [spoiler](#s "Ned"). 




 **What's your favourite episode of the show (excluding the two common favourites)?**    
And, don't diss my non-American spelling of favourite ;)     
     
Mine's definitely The Brig. Ties up Locke and Sawyer's deepest issues with one of the best scenes of the entire show: the death of Anthony Cooper. 




 Well, the deep trailer voice *did* say "sometimes". Oh well. 




 It'd have to be an indie title or free-to-play. You'd die pretty quickly, so fun might wear out faster for some. 




 In many regions, Disc 7 has Exodus part 3 - in the US, that's included in Disc 6's Part 2. 




 They made it out of sheer determination, obviously. 




 Advice: Watch the first three episodes in succession! 




 *Pfffffft*. Yeah? And where is it "hidden" - their wrist or something? What a terrible idea. 




 They were pretty good, but this is an awesome poster. 




 But she's not a man! 




 Third one has some pretty good parts but it was too wacky and tried to hard to be sentimental at the end. 




 With Camilla Ludddington back, hopefully? 




 Much better than any other promotional material they've released. Has anyone heard the *horrible* tagline in that 15 second teaser?     
***SOMETIMES THE BEST MAN FOR THE JOB...IS A WOMAN.*** 




 The /Filmcast! For movies fans obviously. These guys are really relatable and don't take themselves too seriously. 




 Arno and Elise have great actors, but their arcs are far too messy. 




 So you planned on the ally trophies from the start? God, I've completed it on Insanity without any ally trophies. I can't imagine playing the game 3 more fucking times ;) 




 So, nothing to address the ridiculous amount of bugs in Remastered single player? Hunters jumping through boarded up or closed windows, psychic and instantly materialising runners, Henry not moving at all when he's supposed to help you, prompts not appearing, prompts appearing and not activating etc.     
EDIT: Friendly AI walking in front of you straight away at the beginning of a bloater fight when you should be lining up a quick shot (Bill, you prick), friendly AI running in circles, friendly AI phasing through you (I told you Ellie, you're not actually Ellen Page), hunters never noticing friendly AI when they run into them and against them, clickers not noticing friendly AI when they push into them (Bill, you're still a prick), hunters *not* noticing you when you choke out the person right next to them etc. 




 I got platinum for 2  amp; 3, but, 1? Yeah that's way too much time. Insanity was enough for me.     
Good job persisting! What was your process? 




 80s action movies in general then :) 




 No shame in plugging :) 




 Gladly. 




 And the horses chase, kind of. 




 But it's an extra gold trophy. I want it :) There are so many parts to bypass, but some of them force you into combat. It's cruel. 




 Both: my first platinum - Mass Effect 2. Because having my ass handed to me on Insanity and eventually overcoming all of my weaknesses was one of the greatest gaming experiences I've ever had. 




 I'm playing Grounded, and man it's soooo cheap. Starting the generator in the hotel: no matter what you do, a runner immediately comes up behind you if you haven't grabbed the keycard. You need to have full health to survive that at all.    
Not to mention that all infected are psychic and that you will, thousands of times, watch a stealth-killed hunter drop a loaded weapon and you'll have no way to use their ammo because their gun vanishes into thin air. Fuck Grounded.     
I can't imagine the patience the platinum takes. 




 How far in did you get? 




 Starts out painfully average, then BOOM: Fitz/Simmons feels. 




 Close. From what I've gathered, Marvel Studios' new Netflix shows will definitely be set in this universe (there's no evidence to the contrary, so there won't be a source to confirm it); though I highly doubt they'll impact anything else, so you're sort of right. 




 "The Brig", "The Man Behind the Curtain", "Greatest Hits" and "Through the Looking Glass" are the last four episodes of Season 3, and all pretty much A+. Best succession of episodes in any TV show in my opinion. Breaking Bad S4's final four are fantastic as well. 




 He provided his voice to the E3 trailer, so the immortal Sullivan will undoubtedly be back. 




 The Living Daylights is crucial for anyone who loves the Uncharted games. 




 The end of Season 3 (the last four or so episodes in succession) is up there as some of the best television ever made. Easily the best use of flashbacks in the entire series. 




 For anyone who doesn't get it, Credit Where Credit is Due plays when the first "Starring" *credits* begin showing along the bottom of the screen. 
























 His alcoholism did not save them, his skills and experience did. 




 Just from seeing clips and interviews on TV about Men, Women   Children and its message, I want to throw a chair at the guy's head.  




 I only recently watched Kill List, and what was that? Very confusing ending that leaves you disturbed and scrambling for answers.    
(Btw Filth is based on a novel by the same author as Trainspotting and is not directed by Danny Boyle.) 




 (No spoilers, don't worry) Gone Girl. The ending went on long enough to make you think that something else might happen. Made the ending feel a bit disappointing despite the film being so thrilling up to that point. 




 Like Gone Girl? 




 I usually found Filmspotting a bit scripted and occasionally a slog with all of the segues and breaks from conversation. If you're not a fan of that, I'd suggest the /Filmcast, Schmoes Know Movies Show (explicit) and Kermode and Mayo's Film Review.     
For an unconventional choice, if you don't mind some foul language, very unscripted conversations and a book club format (and the required book club dedication), The Black Dog Podcast can provide some great laughs and casual insight. Basically, you revisit/discover a movie a week and then listen to these guys recount funny events from their week, go over movie news and review the week's chosen film. One downside for *some* is that it's quite English. There are next to no reviews in the US iTunes, meanwhile the UK iTunes features hundreds of positive ratings. 




 SOMEBODY ONCE TOLD ME THE WORLD IS GONNA ROLL ME 




 *2005 




 Wow, thanks! 




 How is that even possible? :) 




 YAY! Fuck Alfred. 




 Telltale's, not Survival Instinct, right? 




 Totally. We need less "X WAS BETTER THAN Y" and more "X blew me away, what are your thoughts?" 




 The argument of this post is a running gag about the pretentious this sub can display. 




 True dat :) 




 Just a *tiny* correction, no need to be defensive. 




 Get ready for some hardcore UNUSUAL BEHAVIOUR. 




 Long Walk to Freedom was pretty much completely snubbed last year, and I've heard that's for good reason. It's about Nelson bloody Mandela and it was only nominated for Best Original Song, and I hardly believe that's would be an exception if that rule held up. 




 By all MCU Hulk films, you mean the only one? Bana's was completely separate. 




 Without a PC right now, sadly :(  




 New Zealand, too? Wow. How offensive can such an ancient game be? The OFLC are BS. I guess I can't download this one. 




 It *is* going to impact the plot of the next Avengers movie, but I guess you'll spin that back at me as still unnecessary. 









 But if they've chosen a certain look for Mandalorians, wouldn't they stick with it? You're absolutely right, but maybe they're trying to not complicate things. I dunno... 




 Indonesians and Maori literally look nothing alike. 




 Can you imagine how breathtaking Ab Aeterno would look on a big screen? Or Ben Linus' breakdown at the end of Dr Linus? Watching the master of manipulation worn down to the smallest nub of self esteem and just letting it all out, on a big goddamn screen? For free?! How is that not awesome? 




 No problem! 




 Wikipedia. If there isn't a release date there, there isn't one anywhere. 




 No. If it's scheduled for this week, you'd know. 




 No problem! That battle, though, would look amazing in IMAX. Pretty sure there's only one IMAX theatre in all of New Zealand, and it's a 6-7 hour drive away, so even if it wasn't only in the US (anyone would bet on that) I'd be screwed either way :(     
I hope anyone who has a chance to see this takes advantage of it because it sounds spectacular. 




 It's a general discussion point. 




 I've been saying for a long time that a DeGroots/Hanso Lost spin-off would be the perfect way to remedy the saltiness of the reactions to Season 6. Period piece, conspiracy-themed, pretty different genre. Alvar Hanso funds a project to find where his ancestor's lost slave ship ended up, something something DHARMA. Awesome. Doesn't even have to be advertised as a Lost spin-off. 




 More specifically, *The Watchers on the Wall* and *The Children* (S4 Episodes 9   10), as well as an exclusive Season 5 trailer. 




 They're YouTubers now. KindaFunnyGames is one of their channels, not a game dev studio. 




 I'd laugh my ass off if he appears on the cover of one he isn't in while he's currently dead. 




 Make sure Optimal is unticked if you're using Alien Blue. 




 I've play 3 and a half hours into the game and Daxter, during gameplay, still sounds gross. I've bought new expensive headphones and have listened successfully to high quality music through it and they're fine in those situations. In cutscenes, it's perfect but trust me: he sounds *nowhere near* as good as in Jak II, during gameplay. The sound effects being slightly less clear than previous games is honestly bearable, but in some cases it's just embarrassing. Framerate is great in some areas but in, for example, the Wastelander village, a hub world you often need to pass through, it's always nauseating. 




 You're probably right. It was always a show that garnered discussion, and since so many people got salty at the last season, it doesn't exactly encourage memes. 




 I consider Hearts and Minds a sort-of bottle episode. Boone character development doesn't affect the rest of the show and you'd already assumed he'd just given up on being a dick. And halfway through typing this, I realise it's the secondary introduction of the bloody hatch. Shit, you're right. 




 Take their advice, but use Adblock! 




 Breaking Bad was definitely great and all, but it was nowhere near as expansive. I could tell you everything about both shows and their characters' backstories, and I'd wager Breaking Bad would take up less than an eighth of the time. The world of Lost is much more vast. 




 /r/lost is pretty much still a discussion sub. Half the posts are one of "I'm about to start watching/I've just started season x/just finished and the ending wasn't bad at all", and the rest are mostly polls, memes, "I met this actor" and debates. For such an apparently polarising show, the sub is extremely friendly, accepting of opinions, and very much still active. 




 Really good ones, I swear 




 Therefore they listed it. 




 She looks like an older Mathilda from Leon: The Professional. A bit Natalie Portman. 




 It'd be easier to say when it's not terrible. These games could have been at least 30fps on Vita if more money and time were put into this port, because they ran at 60 on PS2. 




 I had just gotten out of the arena and in my headphones, Daxter sounded like I was listening to him through a telephone. Maybe it was my headphones and maybe it isn't as noticeable through the speakers. 




 THE AUDIO QUALITY? REALLY? In cutscenes it's fine, but in gameplay it is all kinds of ugly. Extremely disappointing.     
Don't get me started on the resolution...    
The first two games, though they had framerate problems, didn't suffer nearly as many downgrades as this one. Just...gross. 




 I was sure the Vita version only showed 2 and 3 on the cover. I'd swear. 




 As the question has been answered already, I'd highly suggest if you haven't seen it, to look up "lost 6x13 promo" on YouTube. Easily the coolest one they did, using a remix of a Gene Wilder/Willy Wonka quote. 




 It *is* too good to be true, sorry. Don't trust anything KDramaStars say. They twist quotes and hints and turn them into click bait titles. Look for reputable websites reporting the same to confirm it. 




 Wait, are the lesbians horse fans or are they lesbian horses? 




 Wizard and Glass. Only book to ever make me teary-eyed. 




 I'd bet on both my previous accounts starting off with Arrividerci Abstergo, from ACII, considering AC1 doesn't have trophies. On my current account, the first one was Fuel Efficent from Black Ops II. When creating a new account to replace my banned one, I was really into Zombies (hence "Richtofen"). 




 They could call them Miichievements...I'm sorry. 




 You select your language upon loading the discs, don't you? 




 Hold circle/B (depending on console) to skip the credits. 




 Does anyone remember the meme his character spawned?    
***BECAUSE I WAS LOADED, OKAY?!*** 




 Jak 1's framerate is pretty bad for the first hour or so, before you change hub worlds. It gets more bearable from then on. There are issues but I completed the majority of the game today (NZ timezone) and platinumed it just now. It's certainly playable, and a fantastic game. It just starts off far too jerky and nauseating. Gets way better.     
Will begin Jak II Vita tomorrow. Hope it's the same story. 




 *"Hit me, Jesus, one more time!"* 




 Brotherhood would have been my first platinum without the terrible multiplayer trophies. I actually got all of the Revelations mp trophies quite easily...on my banned account, and now no one plays that game with its terrible matchmaking. *sigh* 




 The one multiplayer-only trophy didn't take long either and counted towards the strength of your war assets in SP. Pretty satisfying. 




 No, because Alien Blue was set to load only 200 comments. 




 Nooooooo! Please tell me you have a save from before the suicide mission! 




 Either way, it's respect for the dead. Basic common tact, you know? 




 Same as the other guy. Pm would be stellar. 




 Shameless plug! I'll make sure to check you guys out. 




 (Off topic)     
To be honest, I (OP) mainly listen to long, funny movie podcasts - usually ranging from 1hr 40 to 3hr 30. Most of them only have a listener base of many hundred to several thousand. Pretty sure that turns most people off, so I can't be sure I can recommend any of them :) 




 Like Need for Speed or Stealth Inc. Nothing with an engaging story, but something with good gameplay that you can play almost mindlessly (I, for some reason, include puzzle games in that). 




 Don't be so cynical. I actually was one of the people who followed that big podcasting craze of people who analysed the show. I was hardly directly involved, but it *was* nice to follow.     
I would absolutely agree with you that there were *sooooooo* many people that went way over the top with their theories, but I never invested my time in developing those. I observed; and when the ending came, I was one of millions of fans who were satisfied with the ending.     
If you don't try too hard to make it something it's not, which both you and I have agreed that it really isn't as deep of a sci-fi thing as the 2009 fan base wanted it to be, then you'll enjoy the show for what it *actually* excels at - being 2005 Six Degrees of Separation Simulator. 




 You start. 




 No, definitely do get them chronologically. The first game is very easy to get through. I know the entire game like the back of my hand, and it's not that hard to get to that point.      
Just remember to wait through the main menu without touching anything for about 15-30 seconds so that you see the one cutscene that sets up the entire game. 




 Literally the exact same boat as you. Only difference is the country ;) 




 Hell yes, it was. It's criminal that people never talk about the show almost entirely revolving around building and utilising characters, having several seasons in which every episode features character flashbacks that are exclusively thematically related. It's always "*this mystery that was clearly answered wasn't answered*".     
The show is seriously not about that. It's about how that batshit crazy, awesome nonsense feeds the characters and their reactions/interactions. That's how the show should be watched. 




 Well, pretty much! 




 Not to mention you can usually shut them up within three answers. 




 100% confidence? Really? 




 I AM A GOLDEN GOD! 




 Okay. When I was growing up, the title card always said Thomas the Tank Engine. I think I have flicked past to see it's now Thomas   Friends. 




 Thomas the *Train*? Is this an American thing, because *tank engine* isn't as marketable? 




 I think the problem is that the game wasted too much time on some extremely pointless assassinations. That time could have been spent with the other characters. Bellec's death is spoiled in the game's own outfit menu, you acquiring the Sword of Eden is spoiled in the weapon menu etc. It's like don't even care. They've put so much effort into making the cutscenes and world look magnificent that they're missing out on making them *feel* magnificent. 




 I love you, penne. 




 Both were rather sloppy, but I feel bad for being such a dick about AC3 when Unity was far sloppier. 




 I never noticed! That's hilarious. Also, [**relevant**](http://youtu.be/X5hrUGFhsXo) 




 They only announced it for PC because they accidentally put the Uplay achievements up for the PC version. XB1 and PS4 may have been next. 




 Elise dying was just the worst possible thing that could have happened. It really does make me speechless. Like, why did that have to happen? Why? What kind of arc does that close off? It's just so illogical and totally unsatisfying and lame and angering.     
We hardly knew her. She was a new character that we were being introduced to, and they gave her a selfish death. Why wasn't she the main character, and why didn't Arno make the stupid fucking mistake of charging at a dude with a PoE? Switching the two characters around for the entire game would have made it the best ending ever. Ezio-lite was the product of focus testing, not strong ideas. He should have been blasted.     
This game makes me guilty for railing against AC3. In retrospect, *that* was far better than it could have been, i.e. this. 




 Plus it's a silver trophy iirc. Makes the game feel more completed. 




 Because the one thing that should be a side effect of anti-depressants is suicidal thoughts...wtf? 




 The Last of Us Remastered is in 60fps and feels *more* cinematic than it previously was. 




 As soon as he gets liposuction, that movie takes a massive turn towards drama. Gladly, because the movie was actually kinda lame before that. 




 Got the lead in a Wanted match in the last ten seconds and received that trophy, on my banned PSN account three years ago. Fuck even attempting to play it on my new account. 




 Just like for The Orange Box, dat shit ain't happening. Sorry :) 




 Are you playing Mirror's Edge without guns? Definitely try doing that for your first playthrough. You do have to shoot a sniper shot towards an object as part of the plot, but it's a great challenge. You'll want to play again on hard for a gold trophy. 




 In one week limited release? 




 True. Someone at her current age, in three years, should be cast. With her history, a younger actress would be strange. 




 Johansson, Hemsworth, Evans and Smulders are all 30-33. Is that really pushing 40? 




 This just in: a Nolan is filming something dark and subversive.     
In all seriousness, this looks great. 




 asasins' cred relavations is mi favrite assasin's creeed gaem  




 She's such a badass on SHIELD. Hottest 50 year old out there. 




 While you can also make him bright purple. Nice to give us the option, but it makes zero sense. 




 Starring Ewan MacGregor and Ming-na Wen. 




 Even stranger since they made it easier in Infamous 2 by giving you the ability to sense where the closest one is from any point on the map. 
























 Didn't we find that out in 4x02? 




 Doesn't make it good. The ending is still weak, with nothing to say about any of its characters. Every single AC game apart from this one does that very well. Altair, Ezio (x3), Connor (kind of), Edward and Shay all had endings that put their leads' journeys into perspective. Arno learns the dangers of revenge...but then goes through with it anyway...and doesn't become an assassin again...but gets a Master Assassin outfit...and honours his dead...and joins Napoleon...what? It's a mishmash of stuff happening, but none of it resonates because there's no real conclusion to any kind of journey. I still hate the direction the modern day story has gone. 




 Chronicle turned out pretty great. It was extremely relatable for someone like me, as I used to wish I had telekinesis when I was a young Star Wars fan.    
However, there were some issues: how could he have never heard of telekinesis? He's a shut-in who listens to Bowie - sci-fi themed music. He'd know about telekinesis.    
Also, his father is a raging drunk. Andrew hates him for his drinking habits and what it does to him. At the talent show after-party, Andrew gets blasted without any choice shown as to whether he might refuse or stop to consider whether it's a good idea. He doesn't even try to drink responsibly. He would have spent a considerable chunk of his life resenting this drunk figure and every aspect of what makes him horrible, so it doesn't make any fucking sense that just because Andrew's a teen, we might assume *of course he's going to get wasted*. It just doesn't make sense considering the three guys don't want to let anyone know about their powers, but they're putting their better judgement on the line without discussing it. Might have happened off screen, but whatever.     
    
It's just a tiny aspect that frustrated me. All in all, pretty cool film. 




 Raging Boll! That's fucking gold. 




 Not Drama? I didn't laugh once. With an opening line such as Calvary's, I didn't exactly get a funny vibe from any of it.     
[first line spoilers](/s "I first tasted semen when I was seven years old.") 




 Looks like it's Chronicle x Butterfly Effect. 




 Directed by Martin McDonagh's brother. Great film, but it's not a comedy.  




 Maybe that statement was a stunt too. I wouldn't put it past the guy. 




 Correct 




 He also called himself "the only genius in the whole fucking business", and [admitted he's *never played a video game*](http://www.laserlemming.com/2014/09/03/uwe-boll-admits-hes-never-played-a-video-game/), despite having so many game adaptations on his CV.    
At least Tommy Wiseau *wanted* to make a masterpiece. Boll only wants money.     
Edit: apparently the genius thing was part of a stunt to drum up controversy for one of the Postal movies. What a tool. 




 Agreed. 




 Nope, sorry :) 




 Also correct. 




 Correct 




 Gone Girl, Nightcrawler, The Imitation Game. 




 Video compiled and edited by regular Lost series editor Mark J. Goldman. 




 *applause* 




 Mass Effect and The Dark Tower. Both have finite ends, but they're better than nothing! 




 How is it a mystery that people have powers? In other movies and TV shows, we just accept that it's possible and move on. That's not something that should need an answer. 




 TV On the Radio covering Bowie, in a Game of Thrones trailer full of unseen footage. How much awesome... 




 You know what, I've never even thought about this... 




 Aside from Blade Runner or Taxi Driver, I'd say Gone Girl. I kind of wanted some kind of closure to any of the characters, like Margo or the cops. I FULLY UNDERSTAND THE WEIGHT OF IT ALL. It's just an unsatisfying, weak note to leave on.    
But, hey: [spoilers](#s "That's marriage, baby!") 




 Casino Royale and Skyfall do this well. People forget that the only Daniel Craig Bond movie where he actually succeeds in what he's trying to do, is godawful. Given, they're more Empire Strikes Back-style of things all going to shit, but it's honestly better than forced happy endings. 




 Lol you could say that. 




 He was much better in Season 1 than he is in Season 2, trust me. 




 I kind of hate the camerawork and cinematography in The Avengers. So many Dutch angles and close-ups! Once the action gets going, it's fantastic and exhilarating. That first hour is pretty hard to sit through for me. 




 Okay, I've fixed it now :) 




 *The Star Spangled Man, wiiiiith a plan!* 




 It's a pretty unpopular opinion whenever I post it. I usually get a long rant about why I'm completely wrong. 




 You're not remembering the 2 hour DLC pack, released on Valentine's Day, about [spoilers](#s "the death of her *girlfriend*")? 




 I honestly thought we were past Lost-bashing. I love that show :( 




 Lol I meant stories you could tell in a movie.    
My ideas for cutting out so many parts of the main story was to make room for crew time, which is crucial for fleshing out the characters. I'm sure you could fit it all in. Sure, you could set cool little horror pieces or hard sci-fi stories in this universe, but I want to see Tali on the big screen! I want to hear Garrus' epic voice booming in surround sound. We're attached to the main characters partly because they represent completely different races. Having any other Turians, Quarians or Asari wouldn't be the same.  




 Hey, you've still got Kaidan and Ash as male/female stand-ins for Shepard!     
All joking aside, is there much else to tell in this universe other than THE END OF CIVILISATION AS WE KNOW IT? There are many original stories you can form in ME's universe around this event, but I'm saying since the original games are based around this one conflict, it would be a wasted opportunity to ignore such a magnificent story. In fricking IMAX. I would *insert vulgar comment here*. 




 Cap 1 was the best Phase One movie.     
EDIT 2: Instead of the previous edit containing admittedly pathetic early complaining about a single downvote, I'll just  leave this:    
*Meatball. Meatball. Spaghetti underneath. Ravioli. Ravioli. Great Barrier Reef!* 




 Check to see if they're region b locked on http://regionfreemovies.com/ . Tons of Blu-Rays are actually region free, but only labelled by the region they're manufactured for. 




 Mass Effect. Not any of my artsy ideas, or the one biopic I've thought about.     
Here's the major issue: Shepard, male or female, is a hard-edged space marine. Any mainstream audience would find it painful to follow a character that is constantly forced to make tough decisions and may not necessarily pick the option you'd choose.     
**That's why you kill Shepard off on Virmire.**     
Make the crew the focus. God, that's still too many lead characters - two would be CG, one under heavy make-up and another needing CG feet.       
Unlike in the game, the characters would be actually interacting, arguing, training etc. rather than standing/sitting in one spot between missions. Feros is unnecessary, Noveria can be whittled down to a scene of Shepard visiting the already dead Rachni queen, Benezia v Liara, 1v1 360 no scopes Dawn of Justice could be shifted to the Citadel bleh bleh.     
Here you've got a fresh Lovecraftian sci-fi action franchise with brains, untapped because Legendary Pictures have been sitting on the license. 




 I believe he explains it to Sawyer, whose life was also ruined by Anthony Cooper. 




 Gladly. 




 Thing is, many countries outlaw Nazi iconography. And rightfully so.     
Blaming an entire people for a small group of extremists' crimes is going too far. Encouraging physical harm is distasteful and widely looked down upon. It's propaganda and it should be discouraged. 




 *Downey Olympics*    
My god, man... 




 Nikki and Paulo in **LOST** were not good. The episode used to kill them off was fantastic, though. 




 /r/masserect 




 [Birdman spoilers](#s "Because he gives him false hope - the happy look on Riggan's face is heartbreaking knowing it's based on a lie") 




 Not to mention the dialogue was clearly written by someone who doesn't know how English people speak. So many lines sounded like excerpts from a Jane Austen movie trailer. 




 Actually it's a deleted scene from The Muppets. Close, though. 




 What I meant was that AMC are certain it's going to be a hit *because it's related to Breaking Bad*. They already know people will respond well to it, so getting the word out - positive word - would be their main priority in order to secure viewers because, like you said, they have to convince people that the show has potential to last. 




 IMDb synopsis contains hardcore spoilers. 




 Yeah? I hate it when they do that. 




 Oh my god, is his name Eddie too? Locke says this is Deus Ex Machina several times. 




 Gotta say I was quite disappointed in Gone Girl. I didn't expect a David Fincher thriller which was continuously ramping up in tension to end the way it did. I quite enjoyed it up until then. It was certainly original, but I can't say any of the important characters got closure. The line [spoilers](#s "That's marriage, baby!") seemed to me like an excuse.       
I fully expect to be downvoted to oblivion, so I'll hope you guys can accept some difference in opinion. 




 That scene was very hard to watch, but not because of that. 




 Critics usually get pilot/first episode screener copies early if the network has faith in the show. Getting the first three episodes? AMC are certain it's going to be a hit and want to get positive word out. 




 *Better Call Saul will air exclusively in New Zealand on on-demand service Lightbox.*    
    
Great business move by Telec- I mean, "Spark", with Netflix coming this year and with Soho only really being popular during Game of Thrones seasons. 




 Only AC platinum with a default name :( 




 Will that be after [Aussie Sniper](http://youtu.be/s0hsmTp608U)? 




 Since this game became available on PS+, the platinum percentage has plummeted. 




 You removed the word rumour from the title. 




 That sadly doesn't work on mobile. It just shows the word YOLO as the fourth word in your comment, linking to a blank page. 




 I liked the fact that the professor was called Callahan as a clear Dirty Harry reference, because the city is half San Francisco.      
Apart from that, speeding up your main pop song for time constraints is a crime in any movie. As soon as the brother drove on screen, I thought straight away that *this guy is a walking tombstone. He's not in any of the promos and he's an endlessly perfect role model.* I groaned when he Uncle Ben'd.     
Overall: great animation, cool concepts, but it's such an origin story! We're all sick of that. 




 The real crime in this video is the editing. 




 Which pixel? 




 Why are they ten metres apart? 




 Thank you! 




 ...is that body paint? 




 I thought it was impossible for Shaggy to look more like a stoner. 




 Interstellar. It's supposed to be a love letter to sci-fi, but although it's quite inventive, the ending was telegraphed. It's quite similar to concepts I've read about in Clarke's 2001 and 2010, so I was legitimately frustrated at the Nolans for going in that direction when the film had so much potential to end in an original and satisfying way, not telegraphed and just *good* compared to the fucking incredible film it had mostly been. 




 Great way to find out your job is in jeopardy - browsing Reddit. My condolences to whoever this affects. 




 Makes sense. 




 How the fuck did I not notice this before?! 




 Should we count Pirhana 2 as a Cameron movie? 




 *Matthew Vaughn has seen Fifty Shades of Grey. He said "It's good. If you like Chronicle, you'll like this."* 




 Matthew Vaughn said that about Fantastic Four, a movie he's producing, which is directed by Josh Trank, who made Chronicle...or is this a meme now? 




 I agree with both of them, sorry. It tries to be about two separate aspects of one man's life but at just over 100 minutes long, it ran ridiculously short for how much it tried to cram in.     
The dialogue sounds like it was written an American screenwriter who doesn't know how to make characters sound English, and the Norwegian director does pretty well making it sound natural...but it doesn't help that so many of its lines read like trailer excerpts.      
So much of the Bletchley Park story felt off. A tad unrealistic, and that's because it actually didn't happen like that at all. They were all fully behind Turing's project - in fact he was specifically brought in to work on those machines. Why did it have to be turned into The Social Network? 




 I'm on mobile, and usually download movies straight from YouTube. I don't want to sit at the computer watching it, using up more data than I would from otherwise. 




 2:40? The movie is much shorter than that. Guessing it's another slowed down one (ugh). 




 And even if, like Lilly, you have literally less than two minutes. 




 Fucking Zac Efron doesn't take up much time. You can fit Netflix in. 




 Why were Guy Pearce and Evangeline Lilly in the top billed cast of that film? Their *combined* screen time takes up about 7% of the entire runtime. 




 Really? Nice. Take it home after the film ceases showing! 




 I misread that last sentence sorry. 




 I kind of expected her to die in AoU. The MCU has propelled her career and I thought she wanted to go in new directions, but this is certainly not bad news! 




 Because it's a visual effects nomination, and that's what his scenes showcased. 




 I worded it pretty badly. 




 It's kinda plagiarism if they don't credit them. 




 It's the iTunes poster iirc, or at least the iTunes poster we have in New Zealand. 




 Therefore I said "Cuse *had* joined the show". 




 Because you play /r/games on them, and I use mine all the time. 




 Not on Vita. Your memory card is tied to your account, and they're super expensive. 




 It was not actually intended to be a one-shot. It was more that Lindelof underestimated the popularity the show would gain, as the main reason he opted to co-write the pilot was to get his foot in the door with JJ Abrams. After a season of clearly running the characters in circles, Cuse had joined and they began to put full effort into show running a show that was clearly not going to end soon.     
Plus, ABC not Fox ;) 




 You can only buy it on the internet, and not in Australia on PSN, on any of the three Playstation platforms the original was released on. 




 Damon fully admitted to doing this in Season 1 because he thought the show would get cancelled. The tone of the guy being interviewed, and the writer, is what makes it sound much worse than it really is. 




 Plus an entire 40 minutes of character development and great moments that do not screw with the pacing at all. Great extended cut. 




 Ewww, I forgot about that out-of-the-blue corny Bennifer sex scene that they thankfully removed from the Director's Cut. 




 Hotline Miami is actually a downloadable title, so EB Games is not in the conversation. 




 I hope to God this doesn't effect New Zealand. 




 That doesn't change my opinion. 




 My memory might be failing me in that part. 




 Do we ever have evidence of that, though? 




 Europe, Australia and New Zealand, yes. Not in North America, though. 




 It's not exactly plagiarism if your main goal is to give people hope. 




 Inception and The Prestige are good enough to be in the conversation, IMO, but Interstellar certainly needed a few rewrites - anything to remove the telegraphing of the plot resolution, from Act 1. It was almost exactly what I expected to happen, having seen 2001 and read 2010. It was clearly an homage to films like 2001, but it didn't need to come as close to copying them as it did. 




 Partly, I felt like saying something controversial but after I finished the film a few hours ago, I was extremely let down by the ending. The film goes in such an insane, surreal direction that it felt unearned for the story to come full circle. His wife is crazy and her story had some insane holes - the freaking woodshed?! At least if the movie ended 15 minutes earlier, it might have been left up to your imagination (if I'm not mistaken, that's closer how the book ends). The *suggestion* that what we do get out of the ending may be the outcome of the entire debacle, I believe, may have been more satisfying than *knowing* this is probably the beginning of the rest of their lives. By going on longer, you get the feeling that there may be another few twists and turns, considering how many were crammed into the rest of the film; however, that's not the case.      
TL;DR: lack of ambiguity for their future, ten minutes too long, full circle ending unearned IMO.    
(Edited for italics) 
























 Michael Laws. 




 Report this man. 




 Oscar Issac was fantastic in Sucker Punch - especially in the Extended Cut. His final scene features him trying to molest a lobotomised girl and not being satisfied because she isn't fighting back. His reaction is so fucking chilling. 




 You mean domestic poster. The international poster doesn't say May 1st because it comes out earlier. 




 Read each of them once ;) 




 It's *Mama, I just killed a man* not     
**MAMA**: *I just killed a man*. 




 The Catcher in the Rye. Basically, it's a book about trying as hard as you can to avoid seeing yourself as you really are.  




 You mean since 2012, considering Thor takes place immediately after IM2 and Cap 1 takes place in the 40s. 




 They were with Fallon on Late Night too. 




 Fun fact: Lindelof and Cuse pitched for a fifth season end date, but ABC made them stretch it out to six. 




 So, you're 32. Why are you wasting your own time with such a redundant comment at your age?  




 I guess IDNRC. Sorry :) 




 That still doesn't explain why I'm just a shy guy looking for a 2-ply Hefty bag to hold my-y-y-y-y-y-y love. 




 [Mate!](http://youtu.be/Vjn2JKrlkcU) 




 Thor-y of Ev...that's a terrible title, Empire. 




 Die Antwoord were comedians before they were musicians IIRC. They're characters, so I have no doubt it's another case of the fake Michael Cera difficulty stories surrounding AD Season 4. 




 Don't you mean she's....**Taken**?! 




 Plus not tagged as ALTERED. 




 Michael Emerson or Terry O'Quinn. 




 They could have thought of some more intriguing trailer dialogue than "This is awesome!" and "Sweet!" It will sound more realistic in the movie, but come on. Don't put people saying that in the trailer. It's obnoxious and a turn-off. 




 She doesn't write at all. She's a director. 




 That's perfect, justified opinion. Pretty rare in these discussions. 




 I was asking because I'm a diehard fan and I wanted someone to back up their ridiculous hyperbole with anything other than vague statements. These aren't examples. I know every episode inside and out. I grew up with this show, and can answer any of the "unanswered" questions people usually bring up. Could you try again with any more than the same old BS I'm so sick to death of? 




 S3 and S5 finales would be fantastic *cancelled show finales* and the Internet would have elevated Lost to Firefly levels of worship, plus it would have saved us from the internet hive-mind circlejerk over the series finale (which I personally loved, and thought redeemed a mostly average final season). 




 I ended up checking it out and *Why was there a polar bear?* and *what was that monster and is it a dinosaur?* are probably worse than people thinking they were dead the whole time. 









 Go see Kingsman: The Secret Service in theatres. You'd probably love it. 




 Could you give examples as to why there's no substance? 




 The thread right next to this is called "What TV show was a complete waste of time?"    
I'm afraid to go in there. 




 ...or they could have divided 1000 by 50 (=20) and estimated from there. 




 [Search and Destroy](http://youtu.be/EDNzQ3CXspU), of course. 




 Season 6 makes it pretty clear that they're choosing to tell a myth/legend, and they even go through the light/water semi-explanation of why the island moves, and how they explain MIB's camp building the donkey wheel to change the direction of the water/light mechanism.    
Plus you've got the constant hints to Egyptian mythology, and the fact that people teleport to Tunisia specifically, which is relatively close to Egypt, tells you that this is likely the original location of the Island's land mass before it was dislodged from space through whatever the hell kind of mythical Egyptian hogwash makes it work.     
What exactly happened for no logical (storytelling) reason? Everything happens to move the story along or build atmosphere. It may not be the most scientifically logical, but by the Season 5 finale they make it pretty damn clear it isn't supposed to be that type of story. 




 The title track from Kid A may well be the most emotionally draining song I've ever heard - it worms it's way into my head and leaves me depressed for the rest of the day after I listen to it.    
The album never made me shiver like Exit Music, or the payoff of Electioneering after Fitter Happier. It just left me shrugging and in a gloomy mood. The National Anthem, Optimistic, and Disappear will stay with me, but Everything, In Limbo and Idioteque became repetitive after several listens.    
The appeal of that album is something that can't be explained. I think it's just something that only certain people can *get*. I won't be one of them.    
But, The King of Limbs? Whaaaaa... 




 The execution of the guy with the rat in *The Green Mile* 




 Flux capacitor, the force, totally grounded in reality.  




 JJ Abrams left after one episode to make M:I3 and never came back. He has basically nothing to do with the show. 




 ITT: Premieres, not pilots. 




 What do you mean? This is when such riveting drama occurs as Sun losing her wedding ring, Michael ditching to go yell *WAAAAALLT*, Shannon being mad about not being taken seriously etc. These are such defining moments in the series /s 




 It's definitely not. 




 Best one I can think of is Stand By Me, and another great one where the first act is entirely about this: The Deer Hunter. Three hours long, so the first act is quite long. 




 The Governor says Liar as he kills Hershel. I was quoting the scene. 




 Alternatively:    
*She's not my daughter. I stole her as a baby from an insane woman. She means nothing to me. I'm not coming out of this house, so if you want to kill her, go ahead a-* 




 *Liar.* 




 Yeaaaaaah...Mary from Jasper, Alabama... 




 Didn't affect me because I'd seen the whole series, but the US S2 blu-ray begins with a full season 4 trailer, beginning with the line "We're really going home!". I had to import the blu-ray because it's not available anymore in NZ. 




 His monologue in the Season 5 finale is the best! And in episode 6.07. I like both Evil Ben and Conflicted Ben just as much as each other. 




 Game of Thrones would be so much better if they were the same ages as in the books. 




 Fun fact: The only episode after that to end with a non-Giacchino music montage is 2.19: S.O.S. 25/26 episodes later.    
Alternatively, [here's my personal favourite LOST ending](http://youtu.be/YdPwvglZSP8). From 3.08: *Flashes Before Your Eyes*. **MASSIVE SPOILERS** 




 They've seen it loeds. 




 And about the reaper storyline. These are apocalypse games, so they should be apocalypse movies. ME has rich lore and great history, but the reason I love these games is because of the characters and the Normandy crew. I want to see Sovereign and Harbinger on a massive screen!     
    
EDIT: I mean compared to creating an original story in this universe, which is what is always suggested in these kinds of threads. 




 Peacewalker came out after 4, so I'm planning on playing it after 4 and before Ground Zeroes. Am I doing it right? 




 It's not just on Conan's videos. The comments are botted to get hundreds of fake likes. The likes aren't real, most of the comments aren't real. Don't believe that stuff :) 




 'UGC Expert' on inFamous 2. Because of this, I deleted all of my save data and spent two hours one morning, close to 10 months after I gave up, marathoning 25 straight user-generated missions as soon as I unlocked them again.    
Trophies take so long to pop in the first two inFamous games that if you turn your console off 10 seconds into what could be a 30 second wait, it cancels the trophy. Pretty bad. 




 How to best structure a Mass Effect movie. I highly disagree that it should be an original story in that universe. Mass Effect are apocalypse games, so they should be apocalypse movies.    
    
I also think Shepard should die on Virmire. 




 Or New Zealand for a couple of hours earlier. 




 No, that was just the name of the episode. 




 Just like when they confirmed The Division for 2014. 




 I'm calling it: Bruce or Alfred becomes the Joker. 




 Just got back from seeing it, and that scene seems more inspired by The Raid 1. 




 Have you been reading YouTube comments lately? I've seen this "news" too. It's a scam. 




 I watched the first 30 or so minutes on YouTube and the whole thing was a bit drab for the week I was having, so I stopped.     
Eddie Redmayne played a good southerner, though. 




 The awkwardly straightforward direction, the overuse of Halle Berry, the early brutal killing of a main character for contractual reasons, the difference in pacing from the other movies, the tone shift from gritty and restrained to lighthearted and super cheesy were enough reason for me to actively dislike it for basically the entire runtime. I'm not even a comic book reader; it was a terrible sequel from beginning to end. Whenever Jean does anything tragic, it's too silly to take seriously. Calling it "The Last Stand" and hinting towards undoing both Magneto being cured and Xavier being killed - what was the point of that? 




 Because they both had one fight scene each... 




 I definitely don't *love* Whiplash, but I *really like* it enough to pester casual moviegoers I know IRL to watch it.    
     
It seems like the kind of film that would get someone more into film. That's what Shawshank was for me, and I'd bet money that Whiplash will be that movie for many people. It's accessible for the general public, but just artsy enough to convince some people that they're missing out. 




 After bi-yearly releases for the first three books, people had to wait 11 years to hear the rest of Tyrion's (etc.) story. While of course George isn't getting any younger, neither are the fans. There are probably many fans who died waiting. A Storm of Swords was 1100+ pages long, and it took two years to write. I'm not saying that it justifies people getting angry, but apologisers should acknowledge it's a massive annoyance. 




 Don't listen to Jay and Jack's rewatches, though. They're on their second rewatch and both sets spoil absolutely everything.     
Just saying. 




 He never edited himself out of DT. He edited the first book a lot, but only the first. 




 You're right. He's like Beth from Walking Dead - 29 year old actress playing 19, but you'd never notice. It's still uncomfortable for those who know. 




 Tobey - 39     
Andrew Garfield - 31    
They're both pretty fucking old. Keep them the hell out, is my advice to Marvel/Sony. 




 Holy shit, Jude Law would have been great in The Prestige. 




 Agents of SHIELD did that with Lucy Lawless in the S2 premiere. 




 The movie was manipulative enough. Turing was a revolutionary, and no one deserves what the UK government did to him...but the movie tries too hard to turn him into an underdog with a social disorder, which from what I've read, is bullshit through and through. 




 Those last few episodes of Season 3, though. The big moment in The Brig (3.19) where Cooper says "...Tom Sawyer." That's one of the moments I'd like to rewatch with no memory. It's hardly ever mentioned, but I say it's one of the best episodes of the series; and that revelation is insanely good.     
You ever been to Jasper? 




 /r/quityourbullshit is all about shaming people for lying on the Internet; and the comments for every post is a ton of "what pathetic fucking losers these people are amirite?" It's embarrassing when much of the time, people don't notice that the *evidence* clearly doesn't contradict the "bullshitter's" claim, but the post still gets really popular. Also, when someone's post is a permalink to another Reddit comment, it usually leads to thousands of negative karma points for the "bullshitter", whether they deserve it or not. It's pretty bad.  




 Trust me, I wouldn't praise the film if I didn't watch the legit cut. It's more like I don't really care to see the original, and this might spark my interest. I know how it ends, too, so that doesn't bother me. 




 Fan, I gather? 




 I think this will be my first viewing of Man of Steel. Hearing about how bloated it feels is exactly why I've never bothered. This sounds way more appealing. I'll look for it when it's posted to FanEdit.org 




 That was for a scene in the S1 finale, which was ensemble-centric. 




 Even more:     
*TVLINE | Do you know why the decision was made to kill her now?
Honestly, I feel like its story-driven. It does propel the story forward The [second half of Season 3] was a bit of a free-for-all. It had an organic fluidity to it and it just naturally unfolded day-by-day, week-by-week, moment-to-moment.*     
I don't think an actress over 40 would want to walk out on a consistent role in one of the most popular TV shows in the world.     
Many of them walked out because of a loyalty to Darabont, but she needed the role more than they did. Bernthal had been cast in a Scorsese movie. 




 You're making assumptions based on nothing.    
TVLINE | How long have you known about Andreas death?     
Laurie Holden: I didnt get the official word until a few days before we began [shooting] the finale. It was a shock to everyone. It was never part of the original story docs for Season 3. And it was rather unexpected. That said, this is The Walking Dead. This show is not conventional by any means  and we know that as actors going in. So you roll with it. You show up, you do the best job you can, and you honor the storytelling. Overall, this has been an extraordinary experience and I just feel so blessed to have been a part of it. 




 My number 5 as well! 




 (In DNA, if you press the action button while seeing how many *total* feathers you've collected, it tells you how many you've found out of how many there are in each district of any city. I didn't realise until I'd nearly finished). 




 Walking Dead Season 3. The season is spent building up to a confrontation, and it all just fizzles out. A character whose writing was heavily criticised was killed off simply because she was unpopular.     
But...for some reason we're supposed to care that she dies? The whole reason she's being done off with is because she's unpopular, *so why would killing her off and ending the season on that note* seem impactful for anyone?      
      
**EDIT**: [for anyone who thinks I'm making assumptions](http://tvline.com/2013/03/31/the-walking-dead-andrea-dies-laurie-holden-interview-season-3/) 




 That's a great way of looking at it. My initial reaction was basically "...that's what this was all building up to?" 




 The storytelling was great up to a point. Just...if you haven't yet, please refrain from watching the final cutscene of the Origins Easter egg mission. It's insulting. 




 ...and it's Romeo from Home and Away. 




 First time the studio logo is shown after the movie begins, which has only been done in IM3 and Guardians. 




 Who else knew him as Romeo from Home and Away? 




 Beyond doubt! 




 The *Once Were Warriors* sequel, if anyone was wondering.  




 Or *in* NZ since at least 2008. 




 No young Meryl Streep, and missing almost all of Keira Knightley's best. The wealth of Witherspoon and Cotillard content got my hopes up! 




 One Flew Over the Cuckoo's nest. McMurphy is supposed to be a ginger, but I kept seeing Jack Nicholson. 




 The LEGO Movie. Seeing the look on Will Ferrell's face when his son tells him about the adventure he's created with his father's LEGO collection. It's heartbreaking. 




 For me, it was when Percy tells the hick dude the truth about the mouse. When he reaches for the sponge and you see it's bone dry, my sobbing and quiets "no"s turned into a furious cry of "you're a sick fucking asshole!"    
Stephen King's drama is better than his horror IMO.  




 Crash Twinsanity.     
It's like Jak and Daxter, but with Crash Bandicoot! Great game to finish in an insanely short amount of time. 




 But we do know the ratings. Not enough viewers watched either show to justify selling ad space. That's why they were cancelled. You don't enjoy Fallon, and that's fine. He's popular and attracts viewers, so he's staying on the show. It's safe, so why change anything? It's the right decision to avoid backlash upon changing the host after only one year. 




 They cancelled shows that had bad ratings. What does this prove? 




 I disagree, but everyone has an opinion. 




 Michael Emerson is now one of the leads in Person of Interest, which is pretty popular. 




 I totally understand. As someone who loves Lost deeply, I've got to say I really disagree with anyone who says the pilot is one of the greatest episodes of TV ever.     
That first two-part episode is really not that good on rewatch. It's a show that improves *a lot* as it goes on, in pacing and general quality, and peaks in the final stretch of Season 3. Sawyer's accent wavers between scenes as he was still under the impression he was supposed to be from Buffalo. The final moment where everyone stands around in shock for twenty seconds, *blatantly explaining what they just discovered in case the viewer is braindead*, capping off with the dreadful line "Guys...where are we?" - this entire scene makes me want to die, knowing that anyone I recommend this show to will have to sit through this.    
Very unpopular opinion, but it's the truth. Since GoT, BrBa and many other high quality dramas have come along, that first two-part episode has aged horribly. Thank God the majority of the series, while it gets pretty fucking ludicrous towards the end (I love it, but it's understandable why some would hate what the show becomes), it maintains incredible production value, stellar direction and a badass score. 




 True. It's not like he's portrayed as much of a calculated character. He's an impulsive teenager. 
























 The track *Kid A* from Kid A should not have been 5 minutes long, though. Two minutes? Perfect. I'd love the album.    
I'd probably love it more if they replaced that track altogether with I Might Be Wrong (which was recorded in the same sessions) 




 I would adore In Rainbows if they left out Videotape. It's suicide-inducingly depressing and bleak. 




 [*Jigsaw Falling Into Place*](https://youtu.be/GoLJJRIWCLU) - Radiohead 




 *every CW show* 




 She's unrecognisable in Game of Thrones. She's supposed to be this dark-haired, slim, long-legged [sexy badass](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/iceandfire/images/c/cf/Regodon-asha-greyjoy.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120213162523). They changed her name to Yara (because apparently Asha sounds too similar to Osha) and cast her as [differently](http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130611131832/gameofthrones/images/3/34/Yara_Greyjoy_3X10.png) as possible (dirty blonde?). Not saying she's unattractive, she's just not Asha.    
(Edited for several bad grammars) 




 Who else used the flamethrower against the two assistant surgeons?! I did!    
No, really. My save counted 22 hours on Grounded difficulty - the elevator room fight aside David, among other scenes, took me hours to complete. I had to take it out on someone/thing in the end. 




 Stephen King's Wizard and Glass is amazing. Best Dark Tower book IMO. 




 Yeah, I mean, it's not like glasses are cute or anything, right? Total turn-off /s 




 Apparently Eric Clapton's son was quite an accomplished author. I heard he did more than fifty stories before he died. 




 When you get around to it, watch them in the order IV V II III VI. It's called the Machete Cut. Completely leaves out Episode I (1999). 




 Almost everything you said was answered... 




 *What was it that was so wrong with me? What about me?!* 




 It's also a Mass Effect quote. 




 Someone else might have gotten it wrong. 




 She's not even from New Zealand, her husband (the guy next to her) is. 




 Still, for me, the worst one is the one where you attack the fucking bots before they reach the hideout. How was that on Hero? 




 I thought it was hell on Earth trying to complete it on Normal, ffs. 




 I might be wrong. It's a fun read either way, no matter whether you read into the silly little references like I did. Go for it - it's a good book. 




 The Paiks would not have let Jin keep her. He's supposed to be dead, he's probably going to assume a false identity, and Mr Paik would probably put a hit out on him anyway. I think it was justified. 




 From my own personal experiences, you're probably onto something. 




 The Wind Through the Keyhole makes no sense. If Roland is telling the story as it's written, then all of the references within it to Sombra and the MiB are total retcons. That book made me so mad. 




 Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman have been trying to get it financed for years and years. Warner, Universal and MRC all passed on it. 




 I'd make *The Gunslinger x Wizard and Glass*.    
First 15 minutes - Tull.    
Next 100 minutes - The Gunslinger flashback + Wizard and Glass flashback.    
Next 35 minutes - The rest of The Gunslinger and the beginning of Drawing, with the injury + discovering Door One. 




 So everyone dies? 




 I can still respect Lost as my absolute favourite TV show of all time because its highs are so fucking gloriously high, but Season 6 was a total mess.    
Don't get me wrong : *I love the pseudo-religious bullshit*. The flash-sideways and the ending, IMO, were the perfect redemption for such a muddled-up final season. The Temple was a disappointment, Widmore was completely wasted, Ilana is one of the most misused TV characters of all time in my opinion, Sayid's death (if you think about it) is pretty racist, and Ben's character becomes unrecognisably apologetic and meek.     
I love the ending, but oh boy does the show take some pathetic missteps to get there. 




 [Radiohead - *Let Down*](https://youtu.be/-Z_NvVMUcG8). You'll get it when you listen. 




 With Hewitt. Harry's conception. 




 For me, it was the Remastered edition on Grounded difficulty. 60fps and higher stakes gave it this extra layer of realism that really broke me.    
Most cinematic game I've ever played (yes, Ubisoft, even with dat framerate). 




 I JUST WANT TO KNOW IF BENFORD GOT OUT OF THE BUILDING BEFORE IT BLEW UP, GODDAMNIT. 




 What did they say? 




 It stars Uncle fucking Bully. I wouldn't expect less. 




 Isn't *Airplane!* PG? Explicit boob shot in that flick, bouncing around, centred and in the foreground. 




 What song do you identify as something revelatory? How did it make you feel?    
Get real with me, here. 




 *You're a bisexual wizard, Harry.* 




 I will second that recommendation for Radiohead's  [OK Computer](https://youtu.be/w4GsSCfOeAk).  




 Username checks out. 




 The **Teletubbies** episode with [the fucking Bear and the fucking Lion](https://youtu.be/ASnh7_zSimU). First time as a child when I was truly terrified.    
Edit: Read the comments section of the video to get an idea of the effect this shit had  on people. 




 *"Hey, Scott!"*    
    
*"I'm Steve; Scott's dead."* 




 Palmerston North, New Zealand. *John Cleese* said that if someone's contemplating suicide but not quite sure yet, a trip to Palmy should settle it. 




 You'll end up really good at the game. My advice is, if you go for it, don't play Vanguard. I can imagine that being the worst possible class considering Charge constantly takes you out of cover. I'd probably suggest Infiltrator (though I played Soldier, which was probably a bad idea). 




 ***You get my father down here RIGHT NOW, and if I'm drunker than he is, you can fire me!***    
Knowing the context with the twist at the end makes this so much more sad. 




 *Hold me closer, tiny dancer...* 




 Furious 7 will make *a lot* of money, no doubt.    
That means nothing against the sequel to the third-highest grossing movie of all time, 




 It's 4:20, Saturday afternoon here in New Zealand. Too early to say. 




 Up until recently when it came on, it was the track [Kid A](https://youtu.be/7RwvZSfLUXM) by Radiohead.    
It made me depressed for the rest of the day; scariest thing I've ever heard. Fuck that song. Deleted it straight away. 




 [I know, right? Great song.](http://youtu.be/rDAjFstQrTk) 




 Christian.    
Not for any religious reasons at all, but I named my first Commander Shepard that after the character from **LOST**, and it's absolutely stuck as a name I really dig. 




 And if you're in New Zealand, you can watch it all on Lightbox. 




 [You mean Rick Grimes?](http://www4.pictures.zimbio.com/mp/B9BNAB1oilsl.jpg) 




 Not anymore. 




 The entirety of Mass Effect 2 on Insanity. I spent over two hours on the first combat checkpoint on the derelict Collector ship trap. Completing that game on Insanity with every squad member loyal and alive on my second ever playthrough of the game, and immediately seeing my first platinum trophy ever - best gaming experience ever.    
    
All of that frustration and anger totally paid off. I suck at hard games, but it can be rewarding/satisfying as fuck. 




 YOU AAAAAAALLL EVERYBODY    
and Dharma Lady 




 Enjoyment and anxiety 




 But Tali... 




 The first three seasons and the last three seasons are like two separate shows. The Season 3 finale is the perfect ending to the show as it's set up in the pilot, tying up as many character arcs as possible and doing away with the flashback structure which had been ingrained in the show since the very beginning.    
    
And then the sequel show begins - the final three seasons, during which the show went batshit fucking insane and lost tons of viewers. Not me, though - I loved it. 




 Episode 17: The Garden of Forking Paths, the one where Gibbons captures Demitri and forces Benford to race against time to save him - this was probably their best episode. Ironically, it was the first episode they aired after the show officially cancelled. 




 Massive LOST fan here. I disagree about the pilot. On rewatch, in comparison to the style and structure of the rest of the series, the pilot is super clumsy. It may have some eerie moments and tense scenes, but the dialogue and the directing are awkward and uneven. *Guys...where are we?* - I hate this line so much.    
Get to episodes like The Brig, Ab Aeterno, The Man Behind the Curtain, Through the Looking Glass, Jughead, Flashes Before Your Eyes or The Shape of Things to Come and the pilot is hilariously outmatched. 




 IMAX 




 This had better be international eventually. NZ PS+ shouldn't be the handicapped little brother of the big US PS+. We've been on the same level of value this whole time. Don't change that now, Sony. 




 Not quite my tempo. 




 Oh...*OH*...**OOHHH** 




 Is Cliff Curtis playing a Mori character, or are they pretending he's Mexican like in Training Day? 




 The exact episode he becomes sympathetic is episode 4.09. He went too fucking far by not coming out of the goddamn house. That whole "She's not my daughter" scene kills me. 




 It's about someone trying to try as hard as humanly possible to avoid seeing themselves as they really are. I loved it. 




 Tali, no contest. 




 **WE HAVE TO GO BAAAAACK!** 




 Juliet causes the pregnancy issues by detonating the bomb, giving the Others a reason to need a fertility expert in the first place. Faraday sets his entire life in motion by giving Eloise his notebook, which is the source of all of her wisdom. Locke was the one who told Richard to find him as a child, Richard believed him because Locke was a time traveller and in effect the reason the Others believed John was special is because John told them he was, giving MiB the perfect opportunity to kill Jacob. Ben helped get everyone on the plane, which gets Sayid back to the 70s where he shoots kid Ben, leading the Others to take him in and make him the person he becomes. 




 Username doesn't exactly check out. 




 *"Why do you find it so hard to believe?"*    
*"Why do you find it so easy?!"*    
***"IT'S NEVER BEEN EASY!"*** 




 IIRC that's Season 2 Episode 19, S.O.S. 




 **Lost**: The entirety of Season 5 is spent having its most of its characters cause their own misery. The whole thing is one big paradox without any rhyme or reason other than to cause itself. Faraday, Juliet, Locke, Ben (present and past) end up causing some of the most important events in their own lives believing they're doing work of the utmost importance, and instead setting off events which may end humanity.    
People in general looked past this, but it's fascinating how deep the irony goes. 




 Hey, not always. 




 Used to be obsessed with CoD Zombies 




 I wouldn't have thought of blind people to be big fans of eyes. 




 The flashback structure is so iconic for Lost, that it felt weird to watch another show do the same thing. 




 The post is called Watch Chappie, but the post was tagged as *Recommendation*. 




 *Go and see this movie or don't* isn't that groundbreaking a point. This post recommends a film, so we're supposed to take that as it is - someone we've never met adding a positive opinion to a divisive movie. That's worth something. There's no need to shoot it down. You'd be better off saying why you didn't like it, but you didn't give off the vibe you'd seen the thing. 




 The difference is that Chappie seems like it's trying to make statements about the nature of humanity, whereas John Wick is trying to be a simple fun action romp.  




 Could have been longer. Yes, it was very well polished and virtually bugless. But we could have had more enemy types, side missions more akin to inFamous 2, a longer, better story more comparable to the two previous games etc.    
Rushed job was a terrible choice of words on my part. 




 Both are well regarded. It's pretty much impossible for either to be underrated. 




 Second Son was a rushed job. I'd love a legitimate new inFamous game without such a weak, short story and filler side content. 




 He should do *The Dark Tower*. Get Ron Howard and Akiva "Winter's Tale" Goldsman the hell away from DT and let the best Stephen King director of all time work his magic. 




 The Russos are directing Infinity War, so unless Whedon is doing Captain Marvel, he's free. 




 *You* referring to the other guy, not me :) 




 It's not confirmed he'll be in SS, just BvS. Could you link the interview?     
(Even if I'm wrong, I still like reading) 




 It's most likely because the showrunners were part of the Lost writing staff for 5 years, and let's hope that's it. 




 The island all of Lost (bar two scenes) was filmed on. 




 Which also spells cock 




 Whiplash: *"Upswinging!"* 




 The story was sooooooo dull. Killed any tension for me. 




 Is there a Vita trophy list? 




 I still can't get over them calling a character Dick Rider. 




 :( 




 No one asked the obvious: *"How long is the movie?"* 




 *We have to go back, Kate! WE HAVE TO GO BACK!*    
Me: **ASDFGHJKLPOIUYTREWQMZNXBCVwhatthefuck** 




 [Fucking really, OP?](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2xi7pe/what_phrase_makes_you_cringe_every_time_you_hear/) 




 I think you might be getting the wrong idea from that phrase. 




 [The Onion agrees](http://youtu.be/LtsnToMAaPk). 




 Their username disappeared, so I'm guessing they're gone forever. 




 RIP this user 




 You also find out that he got her pregnant and she has a daughter named Clementine that he never visited. I hope that happens in Focus. 




 It's happening because it's a cue from a recent surprise box office success, not because the idea's new. 
























 I've been trying this with Game of Thrones (not a film, but cinematic enough to be relevant). Reading the books helped because of all of the key context you miss, but I still find the show itself hard connect to. It all feels like set-up, but for events you don't always feel are inevitable. There's never a catharsis, just stuff happening - some of which is shocking.    
It's entertaining, but it's way overrated. 




 We're going to need a new abbreviation for 'significant other' now that SO is being used for Shower Orange. 




 And found out Wayne wasn't her biological father after all, it was actually Hank Pym! 




 That's not the ending, though - that's the series as a whole. People blame the ending, when in fact they should blame the show itself. The final moments are unrelated to the mysteries.    
edit: expanded upon final sentence 




 I've heard the same about Twin Peaks. 




 Despite several fantastic episodes, the final season commits some awful TV crimes. There were many moments I'd absolutely consider let downs...yet people bash *the ending*?! The last 15 minutes of the show were magnificent, and redeem most of that season. Much of what came in the episodes before it? Dreadful. That's what the backlash should be directed towards, not the ending - which 90% of people don't actually understand - [spoiler](/s "they weren't dead the whole time.")    
    
This shouldn't reflect on people's view of the show in general, though. How does one final season make an entire show a let down? 




 They can be a new acting quartet - a package deal called the Fantastic Four or something. 




 It's the korrasamilluminati, right? 




 Pike - 36   
Dormer - 33    
Not that much older 




 With Kate Mara as Jenny and Jamie Bell as Lt. Dan? 




 Great things about living in New Zealand: earliest timezone, and getting Marvel movies first. 8 days until Age of Ultron! 




 That's Arya, not Aria.    
There's only one rule on Omega: DO NOT FUCK WITH ARIA. 




 I assumed the same because of those hints, but it's not uncommon for a woman to propose to a man. 




 Just clarifying, you're a dude, right? I think it's implied (LGBT, religious parents may disapprove etc.) but just checking.    
Either way, damn touching story. 




 I can picture Hardy snatching up the role after Mad Max: Fury Road does well. That film has been test screening for over a year with ridiculously positive reactions. 




 I couldn't think of a more relevant username for an OP. Well done! 




 Hola Unblocker could also use your IP to frame you as a child pornographer, so it's a win-lose situation. 




 I really liked the episode before TRACKS - the one at the SHIELD academy. That was the first super compelling episode in my opinion. 




 **:O** 




 YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THE WIRE?! 




 I'm very blonde, with quite dark eyebrows. I'm a guy. 




 I'm a bigger fan of [Jigsaw Falling Into Place](https://youtu.be/GoLJJRIWCLU). 




 Not any currently existing Spider-Man movie, though. 




 Ron Howard has stepped down as director. 




 They were making a Sony joke. 




 As much as I think DT will be scarily easy for a studio to fuck up, I'd still rather see this than the Ghostbusters Cinematic Universe. 




 I was suggesting an alternative. Read my other replies - I don't have a problem with the idea. I'm not racist for preferring other actors over Elba. 




 SUNG KANG FOR BOND! 




 So, alternatively, we should just encourage them to continue to recycle the same old shit? 




 I agree. 




 It wouldn't be a problem. I'm not opposed to the idea, I just think it's unnecessary. He could be the head of a new 00 franchise and build upon a new awesome character in the same MI6 universe, and be more internally canonically consistent than 007 ever was. Recasting Bond as a black guy? It's a bit pointless in comparison to what could potentially be a new and refreshing franchise. 




 [It doesn't need to be James Bond himself, though.](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/321vnb/james_bond_should_not_be_black_says_first_black/cq7g0tc)    
You seemed quick to assume I was against the idea. I was only suggesting an alternative. 




 Why can't Elba just play an original black character? He'd play a great spy, but we don't need to raceswap anyone just to give a great black actor a great action star role. 




 They're likely cancelling the Blu-rays as well. 




 Scream was the same. Matthew Lillard in nutcase-mode turned it into a comedy. 




 What about Penelope laying spread-eagle at the beach, sensually moaning "OOOH ODYSSEUS!" as the water washed up into her crotch? 




 Legendary are with Universal now, so it's actually slightly more possible. 




 Placing my bet right now: Jurassic World 's gross will be absolutely dwarfed by Star Wars, Avengers and Furious 7. 




 /u/Strike48 used to be right, though. You couldn't use it at all. 




 [How dare they copy Willy Moon?!](https://youtu.be/GaWXA5e0YTQ) How artistically bankrupt do you have to be to plagiarise the inventor of the suit? 




 [Exception.](https://youtu.be/mEpupr4saKo) 




 What plot twist? 




 And *that's* why you don't teach lessons! 




 Ditto. 




 I can't stand it when people say that Seasons 1   2 are the best. They are great, but I see it as they compliment Seasons 3-6 by giving all of the necessary character background so that when the show goes batshit off-the-wall bonkers, you care about the characters enough to go along with it. 




 **DON'T    DEAD
OPEN     INSIDE** 




 Let Down is electronic? 




 Interstellar. That moment at the end where you realise they're about to try to one-up 2001, and Murph's ghost is revealed as EXACTLY what you expected it was. It had so much going for it! I don't mind all of the coincidences and stuff, but I can't stand how telegraphed the twist is, 




 ***Introducing...Disney Nature's Bears 2!*** 




 Some people were disappointed there was no big conspiracy twist ending, and the one big twist only affected this self-contained tangent storyline that many people didn't care for - it only worked for those who wholly invested in the characters.    
Also, some felt betrayed that the answers to some mysteries were either too vague or didn't come up.    
All valid reasons. I loved the finale. Show went in a strange (arguably bad) direction for the final season, but largely redeemed itself with a super campy final episode paying tribute to its awesome characters.     
It all depends on whether you cared more about the characters or the mysteries. 




 Finale was episode 6.17. [The Titanic episode was 6.14](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_SxoS-Gd_s), slightly before. 




 This is where I came from: The DHARMA Initiative...I was smart enough to not end up in that ditch, which makes me considerably smarter than you, John.    
*shoots Locke*  




 I honestly think that the director's cut kills the pacing entirely - bloats it to all hell, although the longer seminar scene was fantastic. 




 Controversial opinion: ***ALIEN***. Better pacing for a modern audience. Thank you, Ridley. 




 Nice work. Partly reminds me of The Dark Tower as well. 




 GoT is a mashup of several periods in the distant+not-so-distant past, made possible by setting it in an alt universe. I'd say it's comparable. 




 Yun-Jin Kim was incredible in much of seasons 4-6 of **LOST** (see 4.07 - Ji Yeon, 4.12-14 - There's No Place Like Home, 6.14 - The Candidate), but in Season 1...she had to pretend to be dramatically worse at speaking English than she actually was. Listening to her fake bad accent was like hearing somebody scratching a chalkboard. 




 Start ASAP and come back here after. Avoid spoilers 




 This season of the base show is really good. Cliff Curtis and Kim Dickens are good actors. Judging by the karma balance here, /r/television is in a pretty circlejerky mood today. 




 I kinda expected a colon in there somewhere.  




 Thanks! 




 underrated 




 The point of the film is that the anarchist message is clearly immature hypocritical bullshit and born out of misplaced masculinity. If you listen to what Tyler's plans are, his means are basically doing exactly what he condemns. 




 Secret epilogue?! 




 It *does* say #FantasticFour at the bottom, though. 




 Waaaaaaaaaalk into the jaws of hell... 




 Plot twist: he drugged her drink. 




 Hurley. Because he's the man, and he's fucking loaded. 




 In the hypothetical situation, he's supposed to be real. It's the whole point of the question.  




 Please tell me Josie's not your dog or something. 




 Lucy 




 Series Four will deal with Moriarty. 




 That's how I feel about the title track from Kid A. Fitter Happier, I can deal with - it's less than two minutes long and it absolutely elevates Electioneering.    
Fucking Kid A lasts five fucking draining, depressing minutes. Fitter Happier is a cakewalk compared to that piece of scheie. Kid A turns me into a shadow for the rest of the day. 




 The Christmas Special is only 9 months away. It's an Alt. version of Sherlock, with the same actors but set in the original Victorian time period of the novels. Currently filming. 




 There was once a "Who are some great female directors?" post that got very mildly popular. My comment was one of the top five, and I suggested *"Michelle MacLaren is a fantastic television director..."*    
    
A FEW MONTHS LATER, SHE'S PICKED TO DIRECT WONDER WOMAN. **WHERE'S MY CUT, WB?!**     
(edit: [found post - my comment was third](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/24x8xl/who_is_your_favorite_female_director/chbm2es)) 




 Fantastic cleavage, btw 




 In general, 'size', when referring to a measure of diversity, refers to population. 




 This is it. We aren't scared of bringing it up, we just don't wish to be be physically assaulted. 




 That's a top hat, though. 




 To be fair, I'm not from Europe, but it's a lot bigger population-wise than my nation. 




 Population-wise, rather large compared to many places. Tell me if Scots and Englanders sound similar, because they're both British nations. 




 Orange Is the New Black lifted the flashback structure straight from Lost. Tell him that. 




 Exactly. 




 http://your.moth/ 




 "British accent" Bitch, do you know how big Great fucking Britain is? How many fucking accents there are?    
(Edit: population-wise, people) 




 Sweet username! That theme kicks ass. 




 **GWYNETH PALTROW'S SEVERED HEAD.** 




 **What did one snowman say to the other snowman?!** 




 Radiohead - [**"Street Spirit (Fade Out)"***](https://youtu.be/BrZTNhW44-o)    
Because it's perfectly bleak, yet not quite depressing. 




 High and Dry in My Pants 




 Look at Winter's Tale, everyone. This is the guy that's writing The Dark Tower. 




 I totally see where you're coming from, but there's worse - like entire threads of comments and replies simply saying *Tom Cruise.* 




 This isn't a [Serious] thread. Anything goes. Have fun :) 




 **WE HAVE TO REMIND OURSELVES THAT** ***WE ARE THE WALKING DEAD.*** 




 **THIS HURTS YOU** 




 And let's talk about Kat Dennings in Thor 2!  




 [Love Birds](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1636539/). It's not fantastic, but it's all I can think of. 




 SHE'S NOT MY DAUGHTER. I STOLE HER AS A BABY FROM AN INSANE WOMAN. SHE'S A PAWN, NOTHING MORE. SHE MEANS **NOTHING** TO ME.    
The exact moment when Ben becomes sympathetic. 




 No Sanctuary (S5 premiere) was fantastic, though. 




 Not a pilot. 




 The only thing that I can get the hang of it and the rest of the day before I go to bed early tonight is going on with my friends are so cute when he said the government has been a long way toward the same time. 




 He's a weirdo-oh-oh. 
























 No. Lost actually wrapped up all of its characters' stories...apart from Walt's. 




 Eight years, actually :( 




 It's been going without any problems like this for its entire run. Not counting any quality issues, you can't argue that the show hasn't continued to *exist*. The voice cast is the heart of the show. 




 If either Dan Castellaneta or Hank Azaria follow on, I think we have a dying show on our hands. 




 Wise in certain terms, notably quality-wise (in the opinion of some). 




 Creep is a bad song. 




 Nick Fury got a new eye patch? I liked the sunglasses from Winter Soldier + the S1 finale of AoS. Thought he'd go with them for longer. 




 [Sorry to break it to you, but...](http://www.reddit.com/r/marvelstudios/comments/35hdpx/deactivating_marvelawards_the_friendly/) 




 Ohhh... 




 They're *clearly* referring to **Orange is the New Black**. 




 Yeah with all of that human trafficking and sexual abuse. That's cross-marketing for you. 




 The exact comment they linked to says to post it here specifically to "rake in the karma". Therefore, star for honesty. 




 People only thought he might be in Black Panther because they thought he might be Everett Ross. 




 Captain Lorde? 




 He confirmed that he knew when it was filming and in between CW and IW he'll be doing side projects - he didn't *specifically* say he'd be in it, just implied. He's possibly misleading us. 




 To be fair, her face looks pretty elongated too...not even that much like her. 




 I heard Ultron would kill Pepper, causing Iron Man to fly off into space and arrive during Guardians 2. 




 !star for honesty. 




 *I broke my boy.*    
So glad to see Jonathan Banks getting some love. 




 Where the hell has Josh Peck been? 




 Cheers, I'll know better next time. 




 *"and you know it"*? I think they might, considering it's literally their entire comment. 




 EVRYBODY BETRAY ME I FED UP WITH THIS WORLL' 




 He literally shrunk himself down using real technology borrowed from Edgar Wright's Ant-Man development and fit inside the clay IRL. Such a talented actor. 




 Random fact: Jonny Greenwood wrote the film scores for both There Will Be Blood and Inherent Vice. He's also a kickass fucking guitarist. 




 Wow. The voters today are pretty naive. I got the reference. 




 *Underrated* means it isn't thought of highly enough by those who've seen it - that it's under-appreciated. Exposure doesn't factor into whether something's under or overrated. 




 Hey, woah, since when was Almost Famous bland?  




 Hey, Almost Famous!    
In other news, The Artist?! 




 /r/kyle  




 It's different, sure, but I really liked it when I watched it. This Bond was a straight-up cold blooded motherf---er who could feed a dude to sharks, burn a man to death and doom Benicio del Toro to being *literally ground to a pulp*, then go for a romantic dip with his lady. Bond to both extremes. Maybe not what most would want, but it's enjoyable to watch. 




 The *X-Men United* subtitle was definitely only used in North America. Everywhere else, it's only referred to as X2 or X-Men 2. I have no doubt the word *Men* was everywhere, as my original comment was a joke. 




 True :)     
Although I'm 90% sure that title only exists in North America. 




 [Forgetting something?](http://www.impawards.com/2003/posters/x_men_two_ver1.jpg) 




 I wrote a high school essay about this review! It's hilarious.    
Edit: the review is hilarious, not the essay 




 Both are awesome. I personally think 2 is way overrated. Too many characters, overstuffed plot, most of it doesn't matter by the end because we came to watch the epic fight scenes. It's still great, but way too long. 




 The film's been test-screening for *over a year* and I've heard absolutely nothing but praise. Can't wait! 




 Benedoctor Cumberstrange, then Fassassin's Creed a month later! Don't forget about X-Men Origins: Magic Mike! 




 [spoilers](#s "Not to mention Ward in an instant became a faaaaarrr more interesting character almost immediately when he turned out to be Hydra.") 




 [Spoilers](#s "Clarifying what others are saying: Technically, the gem/stone is IN the scepter. The scepter harnesses the gem's power.") 




 It's kind of a thing where the first ten of so episodes of Season 1 are pretty weak, but the characters begin to really grow on you; and by the end of the Winter Soldier episode (which has its own twist that makes the series itself much better) the implications for the entire team make you really want to keep watching. 




 Definitely, because during Toretto's fake death that was clearly Paul. 




 "Marvel" referring to Shazam, right? 




 Nope, he's definitely playing electric in the music video. 




 Watch [*American Beauty*](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0169547/)! 




 Tyler Durden was the antagonist though. Norton and Durden were two characters in one, and Durden was a manipulative psychopathic hypocrite.  




 Worked for me in Alien Blue. Just took 15 seconds to load up. 




 Damn it, why didn't I think of that? 




 *George Miller's "Sad Hands", coming to a theatre near you* 




 **BET YOUR BOTTOM DOLLAR**- shit, wrong film. 




 No, it *is* two days ago. 




 What about a movie...that you drink?! 




 Three times too. 




 ayyytham lmao 




 Inhumans is IMO the most likely.    
    
Ant-Man? No. Civil War? Of course not. Benedoctor Cumberstrange? No. Guardians 2? Never. New Spider-Man? Slightly more likely, but not very. Thor 3? Loki's in it, so no. Infinity War Pt.1? Never. Black Panther? He'll already be an Avenger, so no. Captain Marvel? I'm going to say no. Infinity War Pt 2? Never in a million years.    
    
The last one on the slate is Inhumans - people might be fatigued enough to have stopped caring by this point. 




 That entire show is on YouTube via Marvel's official channel if anyone wants to marathon it. 




 Isn't he supposed to be in Civil War first, though? 




 Spider-Man: The New Avenger? I think it's too much. I was fine with The Spectacular Spider-Man 




 IGN listed that as their second least favourite ep of the series, for god knows why. Second LOST episode I ever watched. Loved it. 




 Does [the title track of Kid A](https://youtu.be/7RwvZSfLUXM) *not* make *anyone else* want to kill themselves? Probably the most emotionally draining piece of music I've ever heard.    
Aside from that, [Optimistic](https://youtu.be/-q4zz6HvdiM), [Idioteque](https://youtu.be/DNqv3nHyteM), [Packt Like Sardines](https://youtu.be/RU8slEG-OtM), [You and Whose Army?](https://youtu.be/gAUMgureA6o) and [Life in a Glasshouse](https://youtu.be/upl_rxmsu6s) are some of the most refreshing alternative rock, electronic or jazz songs out there. 




 Most of the Ultron trailer monologuing was trailer-exclusive. In the first trailer, he's terrifying, whereas in the movie, he's simply very serviceably menacing rather than scary. 




 Oooooops I apologise 




 Scarlet Witch, though a bit bland, was fantastic to look at. 




 He loved Guardians, so I guess he's warming up to them. 




 There's a lot less blue, though. 




 (edit: fixed line)    
*I'm gonna show you something beautiful: everyone screaming...for mercy.*    
If only that line was actually in the movie... 




 What spelling errors? 




 But that random shot of a Gillette branded shaving cream bottle in front, out of focus while [spoilers](#s "Widow reveals she was sterilised")... A bit distracting. 




 Hate to be that guy, but you accidentally put *Rises* in the title. 




 In NZ and Aus, it's only an M - our equivalent of PG-13. No age restriction, just recommended for more mature audiences. Same with the two sequels, plus all of the Terminator movies, and the second Alien movie. 




 OR it's the quirky sequel to Falling Down. 




 SPIDER-MAN DIES, TONY AND BRUCE GET MARRIED, RHODEY GETS A SEX CHANGE.   
Oops, spoilers 




 Are you *sure* about NZ?!     
Edit: nope, not NZ. 




 Please, please fix the spelling  




 And, if you went along with the bonkers turn the show took, Season 5. Two cliffhangers - both mind-blowing. 




 Yep, I believe I recall all of those featured in the movie. 




 [Apparently it's not pan and scan, but a legit transfer.](http://www.theverge.com/2015/4/23/8486441/netflix-begins-streaming-the-x-files-in-hd) 




 Rick Sanchez? 




 Especially with Avengers coming out very soon, which basically everyone will have ended up seeing. 




 Could anyone send me another link? Twitter is blocked where I am. 




 *Would you like a alcohol?* 




 Down to 85 now 




 Giacchino's *Lost* score is a masterpiece. I'd die happy if he came to score an MCU flick. 




 In the SchmoesKnow review, Kristian said he enjoyed it even more the second time and gave it a better rating than he did in this video.    
Better the second time?! That's a good sign. 




 *I went to the stock market today. I did a business* 




 Kiwi here, it definitely isn't legal. 




 I'm the same - the concept of a larger film universe excites me, but the first film wasn't much more than a fun playful romp. The dramatic tone from the promos makes it look tense as *** - that's what I'm pumped for. 




 Maybe they didn't want to say what Vision does because it would be a spoiler whatever it was? 




 Mostly positive. Kristian gave it 4.2/5, Mark gave it 4.75/5.     
Their main gripes are the strange "Russian" accents and apparently not much of a lead-up to Civil War.    
Let's keep the hype train going! 









 r.i.p. op 




 WHERE IS HE SUPPOSED TO BE LOOKING? 




 It's been added to the dictionary too. 




 Um, this looks fucking awesome. Saved. 




 *a problem with Lost, not 'the' problem.  




 Pitch Perfect - not a musical. Music-centred comedy, but no breaking into song and dancing in public :) 




 AHH LUV U, PENNEH 




 TETSUOOOOOOOOOOO! 




 Same animators iirc 




 Lost. Despite anything you may say about how well it wrapped up, it's so goddamn complex. Characters show up in several people's flashbacks, sometimes super ambiguously. Locke v Ben, Locke v Jack, Jack v Christian etc. are great conflicts. Questions of right v wrong, power dynamics, vengeance, and the boundaries of redemption, are constantly brought up.    
What starts off as a thriller about a plane crash becomes philosophical as hell.    
Sure, the sci-fi/fantasy elements don't tie together well at the end, but 85+% of the show is spent developing and utilising its characters. Their story is tied up well. In those terms, the show is brilliant.    
    
The real reason the show is talked down upon is because you can't debate or podcast as well about character as you can about the various mysteries - this aspect of the show was severely overhyped, and still is in terms of the show's overall "disappointment factor" in a sense. If that's all you focus on you're bound to be disappointed, but there's much more to this show than that. 




 But Sayid, Sun and Jin... 




 Introducing *The H8ful Eight* 
























 and Grey Worm 




 *(for the season)* 




 I don't like this response. You can't make a big deal out of a character's lineage and importance, kill them off, and say something like "But it's a statement on the unpredictability of real life." Especially if you spend several seasons/books building a character up, you cannot leave them almost isolated from the rest of the story and never tie up that loose end. It's not effective storytelling. It's not subverting tropes, because basic functioning storytelling is not a trope, it's a requirement. Every other death serves the story well and meets these requirements. Jon Snow's does not. He's coming back. 




 For me, it's Season 1's "The Moth". Good on first watch, but oh God is it boring on rewatch, and the symbolism is far too on the nose. Great flashbacks, ***awful*** A-story. 




 [Bored.](http://i.imgur.com/6GHdmvK.gif) 




 There's a theory that Show Daario is actually Euron Greyjoy. 




 "If that's Jo~~h~~n...then who's in there?" 




 [I really like this interview, where he says that there are things that haven't been revealed yet, that fans have guessed since very early on in the series. He says he doesn't want to change these things, because that would go against his original vision.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQzCPf2NgwE) Because pretty much anything other than R + L = J would be disappointing IMO. 




 The song is **Hide and Seek** by Imogen Heap. **Watcha Say** is the Jason Derulo song that samples it. 




 Under the Dome was written and cast badly. It's not really Bender's fault. Stephen King should stop trying to take a part in writing or producing adaptations of his own work. 




 Don't tell /r/gameofthrones or /r/asoiaf. The **Mads Mikkelsen is free to audition for Euron Greyjoy** Hype Train is at full force, and [this train](http://i.imgur.com/89Ilu0j.jpg) has [no brakes](http://www.tvqc.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/euron_greyjoy__by_jazzx89-d5nliyh.png). 




 OK Computer,    
Hail to the Thief,    
In Rainbows,    
Kid A/Amnesiac,    
The Bends,    
Pablo Honey,    
The King of Limbs - for me. 




 as well as every finale. 




 He directed every Desmond episode, minus Jughead. **GET HYPE** 




 This guy directed 33% of LOST's episodes, and many of the best. Walkabout, Flashes Before Your Eyes, The Constant (highly critically acclaimed), The Man from Tallahassee (which won Terry O'Quinn the Emmy for best supporting actor), Outlaws (one of my favourites) as well as every finale. I love this guy. Can't freaking wait. 




 In my first free month of Spotify Premium last year, I tried out several artists' music album by album. They were one of the many artists I tried out on the advice of Rolling Stone's Top 100 albums of the 2000s. I saw Kid A at the top and thought, huh I like Creep, so I'll give them a go.

I started from the beginning of Pablo Honey, browsed Reddit for that 40 minutes on my laptop, and really enjoyed it. Went to bed and listened to the first few songs on The Bends and liked them more. Finished The Bends the next day and felt the same. That night, I listened to OK Computer while going for a walk. For me, Exit Music was when I had my first eargasm. That whole last two minutes, with the entry of the distorted bass, the continued soft singing, and at the end of the next line, the slow crescendo and everything...sent chills down my spine. I continued listening, and the next time that happened was when Fitter Happier transitioned into Electioneering, when the drums kicked in. Fuck, I love that album. By that second time, I knew they would be one of my favourite bands.
 




 The Extended Cut balances that out a tad more, adding the Love Is the Drug burlesque sequence very early on. This movie is pretty much a musical without the music. In taking out the one musical number (which, before any action sequences kick in, gives us the only energetic scene in the burlesque reality level) they unbalanced the first act tone setting completely.  
Edit: tense correction 




 Considering the overperformance of The Watchers on the Wall and The Children, do you think it's on HBO's radar to do another IMAX stint for GoT? I see the problem they'd run into in that you couldn't just do the last *two* episodes in IMAX considering this year's episode 4.09 equivalent was episode 5.08 - freaking **Hardhome**. They'd have to do either the last three, or just 5.08 and 5.09 if they think three episodes would be a bad idea in account of length or theater time occupation.    
What's your opinion? 




 Second Son was a clear cut origin story, and a short one too. If they expanded upon it, I'd probably appreciate Second Son more. 




 How cold and stretchy the vocals are, the baby noises, the mobile-sounding noises, the eerie synth, uneven percussion...stay in my head all day and make me depressed. 




 Michael Giacchino's score for LOST, though? I've heard insanely complicated breakdowns for his scores, especially in Season 6. Have an opinion on it? 




 Recently it was both versions of Morning Bell. I used to think it was boring, but **woah**. That guitar and tempo in the Kid A version. And the atmosphere in the Amnesiac version. 




 FUCK OLLY 




 Not if Cortez is involved. 




 The arpeggios in Street Spirit make it feel at least upbeat. It's the baby's mobile noises and creepy ~~strings~~ synth in Kid A that make me want to die. 




 I skip Kid A simply because it's the most emotionally draining piece of music I've ever heard. Sometimes I replace it with another song, like I Might Be Wrong. 




 The small extra stretch for Amnesiac includes the separate recording of Life in a Glasshouse, the only song not recorded in those original sessions. 




 Better than saying her name is Khaleesi, if I'm honest. 




 *Hello darkness, my old friend...* 




 Nowhere to perform a Chicago Sunroof though. 




 The Director's Cut of Donnie Darko is not in any way good. Just...ridiculously bloated. Turns a 110 minute film into a 130 minute film, with almost nothing more to show for it. 




 No, you're right, but ya know...with spoiler tags and stuff. Same exact content, just with more tags. That way, more people can get involved and still avoid spoilers. 




 WHAT IS HYPE MAY NEVER DIE 




 This thread shouldn't have been marked "spoilers all". 




 When they come on shuffle and you don't want to listen to them. When listening straight through an album, I think it's like a gap in continuity, but there's no continuity to shuffle. 




 You've got it! 




 /r/masserect, /r/asseffect    
    
[Embrace eternity](http://i.imgur.com/s6sCA1H.jpg). (NSFW) 




 If your username had a comma in it, this would be perfect. 




 Try Bodysnatchers, Jigsaw Falling Into Place, There There or Optimistic. Listen to the whole song, because none of these really have a chorus. It's about listening to the different layers of guitars, drums, strings, vocals and letting the atmosphere wash over you. 




 [Radiohead - Life in a Glass House](https://youtu.be/upl_rxmsu6s) 




 They were dead the whole time in the faux alt. universe where "they never crashed". In that universe, the island was underwater and inconsequential. Everything that happened on the island, before they were on the island, after they left, and when they came back, happened in their real lives, before anyone died...which accounts for about 95+% of the show's runtime.  
**tl;dr** they were dead for less than 5% of the entire show. 




 **DON'T READ THE OTHER REPLY TO THIS COMMENT! SPOYLARS! SPOILERS!** 




 I see this all the time and it irritates me. I'm naturally yellow blonde and I have recognisably dark eyebrows. It's not uncommon. 




 ...holy crap, I forgot she was married to Tyrion. 




 Homer Simpson would be my *starting* point. Rust wouldn't even enter the conversation. 




 Maybe it's partly due to the fact that most people won't immediately register what a dude is saying if it's something like "O full of scorpions is my mind." 




 And it is of the majority opinion that they've taken it, dare I say, way too far. 




 [Same!](http://i.imgur.com/lXNw5RH.png) 




 Out of nowhere, as in, the episode completely avoids reminding you. 




 Sorry bout that :( 




 the athiesm    
    
Whaaaaaat? No... 




 Garrett Hedlund was only *considered*. Robert Pattinson was also on that list. 




 Not that Agents of SHIELD was groundbreaking, but god those last two episodes of S1 with Fitz and Simmons being dropped to the bottom of the ocean, were heartbreaking. People think Stannis betrayed them? Remember Ward. Attempting to kill two innocent, reserved, often comic relief scientists all because of an alliance with the man who made him. 




 Fuck, that's like my favourite book of all time and I didn't pick that up! 




 ...starring Jennifer Garner! 




 Book 6 is confirmed t early next year. GRRM said that's his goal - before Season 6 airs. 




 Michael Cera joined the writing staff of Arrested Development after he became a producer. Bryan Cranston directed many episodes of Breaking Bad.    
    
Sure, you're right that often times they don't do anything, but not always. 




 [Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cEsdLNG3u6I). 




 This, mainly because House House needs to be a thing. 




 I'm pretty sure they're going with a new Lera Lynn song like in the original S2 tease, possibly that song itself. 




 Alternate, clickbaity title: **WB Grovels for Potential Game of Thrones Movie** 




 Season 2 has begun and now they're doing Sex and the City 2. 




 That was a great read. Thanks for reminding me of one of my favourite shows growing up. I always loved the Stranded episode and the Power Hour Fairy Oddparents crossovers.    
I think I'll start borrowing [this reaction image](http://i.imgur.com/PXIuWfT.png) if you don't mind. 




 If I fell on a certain angle, probs, eh. 




 Huh. TIL 




 ...you do know that a hangman's noose is designed to snap your neck on impact, right? 




 I enjoy all of the books a lot and loved where final scenes for each character left them, but holy shit the pencil thing was a pretty major cop out. And the Stephen King meta plot line was pretty cheesy.    
Nonetheless, Drawing of the Three and Wizard and Glass are two of my all time favourite books. 




 *motif    
Sorry; impulse correction. 




 [And now with Joel.](http://www.nowgamer.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/381737.gif) 




 [spoilers](/s "George-Michael finds out Michael knew they had the same girlfriend, and punches his dad in the face, Lucille Austero is missing, presumed dead, it's hinted Michael had a part in it, but Gob roofied him after Michael saw Tony Wonder and found out Gob was gay, so he likely forgot how how things went with Lucille 2. Maeby fucked Perfecto and is now a registered sex offender like her dad, and she also got a fuckton of investors interested in what *she* believed GM's Fakeblock software was - an anti-piracy software, when in fact it's actually a woodblock simulator. He's now basically a fraudster, Lindsay might be running for congress, and George Sr is now a transgender. In the **post-credits scene**, we find out that Tony Wonder roofied himself and forgot that he slept with Gob, Buster is arrested for the murder of Lucille 2, and Ron Howard and Brian Grazer decide to greenlight the Bluth movie based on seeing Buster on the news.") 




 All this poster is missing is some good, old fashioned *"head down, eyes up"*.    
    
...but we should be praising Chris Pine's post-apocalyptic hair product and Margot Robbie's sexy brown hair. 




 *Who'd like a banger in the mouth?* 




 Ultron was fucking terrifying...in the first trailer. What we saw/heard of him in those clips tapped into all of my uncanny valley triggers. The movie itself wrecked all of that when Ultron tried to be funny. You can still characterise an AI by showcasing his hubris and lack of regard for human life. You don't need generic sarcastic hubris. That's Loki's thing...and Tony's...and occasionally Thor's...and Widow's...and Steve's sometimes. 




 Oh, I was aware. I'd heard the name before and the super obscure and perfect reference set me the fuck off! 




 I almost died when the one who slits Cat's throat is called **OnlyUseMeBlade** 




 Cars, or [Ice Age 4](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/35df7g/ice_age_continental_drift_questions_and/). 




 [Or...](https://youtu.be/seMFBo1qBSs?t=52) 




 *(bleep) (bleeeep) (bleeeeeeep) (bleep) (bleep)* **BUSTER** *(bleep) (bleepbleep) (bleep) (bleeeeeeep) (bleepblebleep)* **HORNY OLD SLUT!** 




 On the thousandth rewatch, I've started to think it's not nearly as good as the best episodes of LOST. Great pilot, great entry point to a series, but not one of the best episodes of the series.    
I can't stand Shannon and Boone. 11 year old me didn't mind Maggie Grace in a miniskirt, but now...ugh [spoilers](/s "I'm glad she died"). 




 I know that Bateman tweeted [this picture](https://twitter.com/batemanjason/status/257467881661550592), hinting that they were shooting on the same day, but still...the scene felt so off. The tracking shots were awful, and in the only shots of them touching each other, either GOB or Michael's face is obscured, making me think doubles were used. Is it possible somebody else *sent* Bateman the picture? I keep rewatching this scene and trying to convince myself they were acting against each other, but I can't. 




 Absolutely. 




 I took years to get through Season 1, and finally rushed through the rest of the series after getting spoiled on 4x02 straight after it came out. I caught up the day 4x04 came out...and I still didn't care that much for the series. I was later prespoiled on how Tyrion's story would end that season by some prick on IGN comments.    
However, I did decide to get into the books over the winter (June-July in southern hemisphere). I only read the first book and a half, but holy shit - **all of that context** (plus the map), make it way easier to follow. The photography direction improves dramatically after Season 1, but having the freedom of imagination really helps to improve the mood and sense of scale that was really badly conveyed (initially).    
I still don't *love* the show, but I find it far more enjoyable with all of that context. 




 Odenkirk looks unrecognisable! 




 I also came here to give that answer. [Here's the same scene in ***exponentially*** **better quality**](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgsNjTyGsRk).    
    
My runner-up scene would have to be [the introduction of Christian Shephard](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yj-Z7UVT-d8). 




 I watched them both for the first time back to back and in my opinion, it was a painfully mediocre action movie. Casino Royale, though, was great. 




 Thanks :) That was much better than the album version IMO. 




 Wait, there's a version of that song that isn't a death march? 




 There are no gay characters in In Bruges. They were probably thinking of Rock'n'Rolla, where Tom Hardy's gay character does seduce a dude as part of a scheme. 




 Yes. There are so many classic episodes of television in this series, and such a wealth of characters who you grow to adore. In regards to the *"the pilot was the best episode"* opinion that usually gets thrown out, I think the pilot has aged the worst in comparison to the rest of the series.    
    
I'd say people should watch it, as it's still an absolutely enjoyable show. The characters (excluding probably Shannon and Boone [light spoilers](/s "who thankfully don't last long anyway")) are still some of the most memorable I've seen on TV. If they don't like the ending, then at least they'll at least have an informed opinion. I love the finale *itself*. Remember - it's not the finale itself but what it *wasn't* that more commonly pissed people off.    
From what I've heard, people hated the ending of Twin Peaks (please correct me if I'm wrong), but that show is still revered. I hope people can cease to be so vitriolic towards the show's weaknesses and start to praise its strengths again. The show didn't murder your family or "waste" 6 years of your life. It's okay to be disappointed. 




 Oh...my...fucking...god...    
And it's so blatant :) 




 Wildling! 




 To be fair, most of the hate for Lost does come from former fanboys who set themselves up for disappointment by analysing the show way too much.    
Then again, Lindelof encouraged it, so it's still his fault. 




 Oh, I agree. The series finale is fucking perfection. The reason some don't like it is because they were never into the characters - that's not me, though. 




 In terms of eerie, [Climbing Up the Walls](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbtZyuOMdHI) *was* my first choice for this thread.  
In terms of terrifying, Radiohead's [Kid A](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RwvZSfLUXM) (title track) puts me in a freaky mood for the entire day whenever I listen to it. I hate it. Well-constructed song, but it must have been ghost-written by Hitler and Satan. 




 You see, I like a lot of Season 6 - especially [Happily Ever After](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65T-xl24W4E) and [Ab Aeterno](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YsnHQyhIyJg)...but Widmore and Ilana completely fizzled out, Claire was underused, and there was some pretty blatant filler. However, I still love it because of the flash-sideways, which was such a beautiful tribute to the characters.    
My least favourite is Season 4. Keamy is an average villain, Charlotte is a waste of a character, Jack tries to execute Locke in the premiere (wtf?!), Christian appears all over the place for no reason...which still hasn't been fully explained, and there's also the Tom Friendly/Michael plot hole: how the hell could Friendly get off the island if the hatch implosion disabled the submarine?    
The season finale was also pretty average. 




 Exactly. It's not unusual.
    
...I'll show myself out. 




 Oh, definitely GotG, yeah. Although I do like the one with just Cap and the shield from Cap 1. 




 Which one? The cool one with just a tiny Ant-Man in the centre of a vast white background, or the blue and red FACE DOWN EYES UP CELEBRITIES DO U EVN RECOGNISE DEM BRUH poster? 




 **PREVIOUSLY, ON ARROW** 




 Woah...this was hilariously meta. 




 If you watched the finale in two parts, then you probably missed a lot. Two parts are 43 minutes each, whereas the single part version is between 100 and 105 minutes, depending on your region's framerate. The long version was the version that aired, and was also the one available on home release.    
    
Buying the DVD, finding it on streaming or download (like $4 on iTunes) will grant you that edition. The Lostpedia entry on the finale will probably have more detail on what's missing. 





























 To be fair, there's a spoiler warning just before he gets into them. If it is a steaming pile, then does it really matter? 




 Context: MovieBob used to review for The Escapist, home to game critic legend Yahtzee (Zero Punctuation) and former home to game critic Jim Sterling of The Jimquisition.    
    
Oh my god...I thought the trailers were good, but this was *well* under the reception I expected. I can't wait for the rest of the reviews to pile on. 









 S02E11 - Escape from L.A. In which BoJack [spoilers](/s "finds Charlotte has had a family in Santa Fe (not Maine) for many years, takes her daughter to her prom, encourages her, her friend and *her* date to leave early, recreates his favourite memory of Charlotte with the daughter, ditches the friend suffering from alcohol poisoning off with the date at the hospital, encourages the date to lie to the authorities, tries to seduce Charlotte and when that doesn't work, basically lets Charlotte's daughter seduce *him*.")    
    
This season went to a really dark place.    
    
[This part is heartbreaking.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9P0NYdWhPg) 




 *Suck a dick, dumbshits!* 




 Track 14, ["The Ecstasy of Gold" - Ennio Morricone](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOr0na6mKJQ). Probably my favourite piece of music of all time. 




 I was really hoping for some kind of Lost parody or something, a poster in the background somewhere, featuring ***this*** Matthew Fox as Jack. 




 "Bear" in sexual terms has several meanings. One is a promiscuous pot-bellied, hairy, horny man (that in some definitions can be gay). She's tasted bear before, because "her step-dad was a bear". 




 OR it was something actors are given so that they understand their motivations and attitude more. That often happens so that an actor knows how to play their character, especially when there isn't any information to draw from the material about a character's backstory. 




 Princess Carolyn called BoJack "BoJ" in the premiere. How would you pronounce that backwards, and who plays both of those characters? 




 Not to forget "My step-father was a bear." This was also a kinda gross play on words. 




 "We could have David Copperfield make the World Trade Center disappear!"    
"Um...I hate to be the one to tell you this..." Here you think he's going to tell her about 9/11, but instead he says, "...but David Copperfield isn't really a big draw anymore." 




 I'm so sorry, Stephen Tobolowsky. 




 To be fair, from what I've heard, Psylocke's ethnicity is pretty complicated (having the mind of Captain Britain's entirely White sister and the body of an Asian warrior). And this new Jubilee is much more obviously Asian than she was in the cartoon, so we have that. 




 And here's the [official IMAX channel upload](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64qIYyPWksk). 




 Didn't think about it at first because the article gives a warning before it gets into it, but I guess I definitely should flair it. 









 Siddig    
    
You mean [*Siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Abderrahman Mohammed Ahmed Abdel Karim El Mahdi*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Siddig)? 




 **YOU ARE A PROPHET** 




 Looks a bit more like Michael Cera than I remember. 




 @issacbranflakes    
    
Niiiiiice. 




 You know how I got past this? I started reading the books. The show doesn't do as good a job setting the characters or stakes up as the books do. I never really felt connected to the characters when I watched it, but now I've nearly finished Book 2 and I kinda love it. Being inside the characters' heads makes it much easier to invest in and understand the gratuity. There's a lot of backstory the show pretty much ignores or makes confusing, but with the books, it's all laid out. 




 Fletcher will go down as a classic movie villain. 




 [She Will Be Loved](https://youtu.be/nIjVuRTm-dc) - Maroon 5    
I think. 




 [Icky Thump](https://youtu.be/1OjTspCqvk8) by The White Stripes, if anyone was wondering. Great song. 




 Terry O'Quinn as John Locke. So glad he won an Emmy for it. 




 I'd definitely replace Expos and Recon with Stranger in a Strange Land and Across the Sea. Ewww. 




 Season 1 - Walkabout, Deus Ex Machina, Do No Harm    
Season 2 - The Long Con, Two for the Road, ?    
Season 3 - Flashes Before Your Eyes, The Man from Tallahassee, The Brig    
Season 4 (not much to choose from) - The Economist, The Constant, Ji Yeon    
Season 5 - The Life and Death of Jeremy Bentham, Namaste, Some Like It Hoth    
Season 6 - Recon, Ab Aeterno, Happily Ever After 




 Either, I'd have to believe. 




 Or *All Five Books/Seasons*. 




 **I HAVE TO GO NOW. MY PLANET NEEDS ME.**    
*note: jane died on her way back home* 




 Not racist. Being from the area where Africa and the Middle East meet, you could definitely get away with it. 




 I was expecting more. Rogue's powers hadn't evolved. There were no Rogue action scenes like we were hoping. She was only there because she needed something to do in the original script, and they had reshot her out for the initial cut for good purpose.    
I'm sorry, but wtf was with that random sex scene? I can't believe Beast would be that naive. Why did we care that Cerebro was rekt, again?    
The original cut had something missing, but this one proved that what was missing was left out for a reason. I'm glad I saw it, but it's nothing special. Lightly disappointed. 




 Should've listened to Maester Aemon and killed the boy, Jon. /r/fuckolly 




 If you're using your phone, tablet or iPod then you can rotate it around spherically as you watch, through the YouTube app. 




 until the series is finished    
    
In approximately how many decades? /s 




 Arya goes back to Westeros, marries the Frey kid then totes mcgotes kills all of the Freys.    
/optimism 




 Lol, [reminds me of something recent!](https://twitter.com/hamishandandy/status/619407269898289152) 




 What is it? 




 Starring Cliff Curtis as "Not Maori".    
Looks awesome though. 




 Given my username, you can tell I've never cared for Zombies /s 




 Well, it's a valid opinion. I don't agree with it, but there's an argument to be made. No need to insult anyone. 




 Big win for /r/kitharingtonwatch right here. 




 Kristian actually gave Ultron a 4.1 IIRC 




 To be fair, she's only been *offered* the role. It's not a done deal, and there are absolutely no reports on whether she's considered it. 




 The name High Cards sounds like a shitty straight-to-DVD stoner comedy about poker. 




 But he wasn't a "big name actor". 




 Exactly, and /u/Vandelay_Latex_Sales was referring to the former:    
big name actors 




 It's all ogre now. 




 For me, it's usually **"COME ON!"** 




 RDJ was a known star, most people were aware of Johannson, everyone knew of Natalie Portman, but Hemsworth, Evans, Pratt, Renner, Ruffalo, Olsen and Taylor-Johnson were *not* recognisable names to most people. It was the other bankable actors in the films in supporting roles, plus the franchise, that lent the series legitimacy.    
EDIT: Yes, they did have solid careers, but they weren't particulary recognisable big name actors. That's what /u/Vanderlay_Latex_Sales was trying to say. 




 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! 




 Well it was out for a full week in many countries before its US opening weekend. Might have helped. 




 tfw night's king is the real santa 




 What did it say? 




 It's been fully confirmed fake now. 




 IMO they should have easily been able to fit Just in there. What a pathetic oversight. 




 I mean, Jai Courtney was miscast as Kyle Reese, and Jason Clarke wasn't that believable a John Connor, but I thought it was a pretty fun movie despite the weird plot conveniences. 




 Hijacking second-top post to make sure people know this is (**EDIT: VERY LIKELY**) a fake teaser. Also, the Deadline report is from November (in case anyone doesn't check) 




 ALL HOT MUST PIE- wait, that doesn't work. 




 True, only Jaime. 




 The Mad Queen. She's going to burn that place to the fucking ground. 




 ["Weird Fishes"](http://youtube.com/watch?v=V_Ydoe4Q-Gg) - Radiohead. The way the guitars sound like one, head off in different directions, then transcend our dimension: mind-blowing. 




 Joel and Nathan Drake are pretty skilled mass murderers, so they'd both fit in here too. 




 He supported it because he's friends with Arnold IRL.    
    
(edit: wrong abbrv) 




 Emilia Clarke is way hotter with her natural hair colour.    
And Jai Courtenay is a boring Kyle Reese. Totally miscast. 




 I listened to several TV podcasts at the height of my podcast days, but mostly **LOST**-themed ones like Jay and Jack. Now, I guess the /Filmcast kinda counts, as they talk about TV shows half-and-half with movies in the portion leading up to their movie reviews. 




 Or Joffrey's, if the theories are to be believed. 




 Why would the peaceful Richard agree to purging DHARMA in 1992? He's such a righteous dude. Did he just have to go along with it because Ben and Charles wanted to? 




 I just call him Keith. That's how memorable he is. 




 What a coincidence! Yeah, [S5](#s "his sparrows (including Lancel Lannister) arrested Loras for the crime of buggery"), so he's supposed to be anti-gay, although I'm pretty sure it's different in the books. 




 First film: **OOGA CHAKA OOGA OOGA**    
Second film: **BOY TOY NAME TROY USED TO LIVE IN DETROIT** 




 Huh. For me it was instant. He's introduced as Aeron Greyjoy, "Damphair" is introduced as his nickname, and it's really damp out there. Just clicked. 




 The entire opening montage being absent is what clued me onto checking. Everything past that, not sure. 




 Gay marriage was legalised throughout the US, IIRC (I'm a Kiwi, not an American), and this guy is supposed to be homophobic in the TV series (I've heard differently about the novels). I don't think it's supposed to be a homophobic post, just a joke about the character. 




 It's just a phallus, seeeeeee?! 




 DAMFAIR, PEE-TIRE, JENDRY    
[Source](http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/Pronunciation_guide) 




 His first chapter and a half were dreadfully dull, but after the Asha reveal there's just this funny air about the everything else in it. Listening to him feeling insecure while everyone else has fun was hilarious. Asha is described as this cute badass chick, his uncles are cool and he's just completely intimidated. It really gets to him. I loved it. 




 Jon not coming back is absolute blasphemy    
    
That's exactly what they meant. 




 Game of Thrones' score has significantly improved since the early seasons, which I thought had a pretty bland score. True Detective has a great *soundtrack*.    
Also, [your example sent me on a nostalgia trip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_btA1bS53w). 




 Don't talk trash about St. Tyrion! 




 The polar bear one is hilarious when it's a genuine complaint.  




 Okay, so it must just be certain territories where it's in two shortened parts. Thanks. Hope you enjoyed it! 




 Just know if you watched it on Netflix in two parts, you're missing more than 10 minutes. Seek out the 105 minute broadcast cut! 




 So you're saying that I have to get shafted to realise I was shafted?    
    
Kinda, yeah. There's a lot about this show that's worth watching. I definitely didn't call *you* pathetic, just the assumption you and many others have made - I worded that badly (and it made me sound like I was trying to insult you, which I wasn't. sorry). What I meant was that there's a lot of circlejerk over how Lost was or wasn't total disappointment, and then there's valid reasoning about whether it was or wasn't a disappointment. From your comment, you seem to assume that those who circlejerk over how *utterly offensive* the overall outcome and big picture of the show was, are correct. I never felt shafted, and plenty of people didn't. Season 1 was almost entirely character-centric, and expecting answers at the end of that kind of premiere season is, ya know, still valid, but nothing to be offended over. The show answers all of those questions in time, though with varying *relevance*. The relevance of those answers led some viewers to believe that certain answers weren't there, when they totally were - they were just pretty anticlimactic (in almost universally agreeable terms). This only speaks to several of the mysteries. And, like I said, they were not dead the whole time. Many people who even watched the show misinterpreted the ending. They all believe they were shafted and shout it from the rooftops. From hearing what aspects of the show you valued more, I can see you being disappointed in the ending, but you can never know. That's why I don't agree with you. 




 ...holy shit, I missed that anecdote! 




 [Lost spoilers](#s "They weren't dead the whole time.")    
    
edit - fixed tags 




 The reason I love LOST is because the awesome journey and extensive interesting and often heartbreaking character backstory and development made the ultimately pretty fucking silly destination feel worthwhile, because the characters got the ending they deserved. Yeah, it doesn't always feel "complete" and "all tied together" by the end if you look back to episodes like "Special" and "Dave" which try to make a big deal about things that ended up being irrelevant. There are plenty episodes that feel frustrating on rewatch because of this. However, I don't blame the show for that. Every series has its shortcomings (I love BrBa and GoT, but they certainly have their hits and misses). These are my favourite TV characters of all time. LOST accomplished so many spectacular things, and to completely overlook its achievements just to be salty about it missing small details, *especially if you only watched 24 episodes (/u/horsenbuggy)*, is a bit pathetic.    
I've heard fantastic arguments why the show is an ultimate disappointment, and I agree with many of their points, but...you can't assume one argument is right when you haven't seen the majority of what they're talking about. 




 I just spent ages reading that. Fucking hilarious. 




 You've certainly got a valid reason for disliking it. [Here's the interview where Lindelof recounts what Cuse told him about meeting GRRM](http://youtu.be/NzRjHDAgRmk?t=1572). Of course, Lindelof has always been salty about the backlash, so he may be stretching the truth. 




 Not a fan of the on-island ending? I didn't mind it. I mean, the show gets silly very quickly. There's a massive turning point in season 4 where it goes from still semi-realistic to completely batshit insane, and they resolve that specific cliffhanger in season 5 with an answer which was even more batshit insane. It was around that point where they dropped flashbacks for good (except for the occasional episode) as a means for characterisation. That's where it dropped most of the viewers. I'd say if you missed any episodes before you watched the finale, you haven't given it a fair chance. As for the ending, it was just as silly as everything else had become on the show. That's kinda what I like about it - they committed to the lunacy they'd built up to. 




 Nope. 




 That's what people say, mmm mmm. 




 Apparently when Carlton Cuse approached GRRM about why he didn't like the ending, GRRM said "I didn't like the fact that *they were dead the whole time*". GRRM didn't get the ending. I wonder if he would have liked it more if he understood it. 




 Maybe he did think they meant the scripts. Victoria did screw a couple of things up, like parts of discussing him being dissatisfied with Mr. Eko's death. 




 It's a reference to a time when some politician got a flan thrown in her face, apparently. 




 Oooooooooooooooooooooh, deary me... 




 Pizzolato and Fukunaga don't get along well anymore, which is why Fukunaga didn't return for True Detective S2 :( 




 He's directed some of the best TV episodes I've ever seen - ["Through the Looking Glass"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9ybaLbpQ-4), ["Live Together, Die Alone"](https://youtu.be/s4LvBV1GbtM?t=121), ["Happily Ever After"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65T-xl24W4E), and the classic [Walkabout](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYfKHVdmjzQ). (these links contain **MASSIVE Lost spoilers**)    
I couldn't be more stoked. 




 You could say the song is...**too old**. 




 Don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you dare, don't you flan in the face. 




 *rubs head* 




 (Pilot does not mean premiere. A pilot is a proof-of-concept episode given to the network before a show is green-lit for series. Most shows use their pilots as their Season 1 premiere episode because of how expensive they were to shoot. Almost all of the footage from GoT's pilot episode was discarded, as was with the pilot for Sherlock.) 
























