 What i don't get is why I a "loyal" customer have to pay full price for the service, but people who are flaky customers, on again off again, repeatedly get the discounts for introductory offers...why do i stay in business with them?  Bring on Google Fiber, I'm ready for a change. 









 I wasn't sure what this was until I did some googling and reading...http://yacy.net/en/index.html 




 Cool, I was wondering how you guys would do with this new update. 




 I'm working my way up to running, I just quit 74 days ago and I've gained some weight, been walking daily, but plan to step it up to running soon. 




 That's hilarious 




 That would be awesome. 
























 This is actually quite common, see number 7 on this list:
http://whyquit.com/pr/100305.html 




 yeah i like all of Ken Burns stuff, I LOVED the baseball one. 









 I'm the complete opposite, I drink more soda after quitting. 







































 I just hit 200 days smoke and nicotine free.  According to my quit smoking app on android (QuitNow!) i have avoided 8003 cigarettes saved $2000.75 and added 33 days and 8 hours to my life.  I don't even miss it anymore. It was a long and struggling couple of years to get here also.  I made a new years resolution to quit on Jan 1st, 2012 which lasted 3 days, started and stopped over and over for a couple months in early 2012, abandoned the quest for a while, made a few other daring quit attempts in 2012.  In 2013 I hit a 3 month span (my longest ever at the time) where I quit but I got complacent and fidured I could have "just one".  There is no such thing, a few more small attempts then August 8th, 2013 was my last cigarette, now at 200 days smoke and nicotine free, just over 6 months,a nd I'm NEVER going back.  :)

EDIT: after my last relapse, summer 2013, I was really depressed over failing yet again, my dad told me, "The man who never gives up, never fails." which fueled me to push on in this quit and make it succeed.  I am 34  years old, and have been smoking for 17 years, and towards the end I was up to 2 packs (40 cigarettes) a day.  Freedom! 




 Praise the Sun! 




 thanks :) 




 It was tough at first, REALLY tough, and I had several false starts, but after about 30 days I stopped obsessing about it and started to feel normal again.  Now I'm 4 months and change and it's easy and trigger come once in a blue moon but they are so quiet and so quick that it is of no consequence. 




 there aren't any T-shirts on the official arch schwag site, but I've bought some lanyards and other stuff from them here:
http://schwag.archlinux.ca/

Also as mentioned by Jethro_Tell zazzle has a lot of t-shirts and other Arch merch:
http://www.zazzle.com/arch+linux+gifts   




 it has NO features other than a back and forward button, but here is a script I use (I didn't write this) for a python browser using pyqt4 and qtwebkit https://github.com/train_subject3168/Random-Scripts/blob/master/pybrowser.py save and run with python3 




 I think the average smoker starts at age 13...I would advise quitting earlier instead of thinking "I can always quit later" cause that's what most of us thought, before we knew it decades had passed. 
























 Which was my point, a website cannot go down, or people go somewhere else.  Hopefully it can be reliable now, so I can start posting there and learn some python :) 




 It's the most interesting story related to a history of a forum.  Most are just like, "Dude, I just created a forum for such and such, go post there."  Lol. 




 cool, you got the flair working!!! 




 also metulburr, i might add, that currently only fill_array() and display_array() functions work, the swap() function is only used in the sort_array() function which i have commented out at the bottom so the function is never called.  I still have to figure that part out. 




 How weird is that, I didn't read Mekire's thread before posting mine, but it mentions about sorting methods which coincidentally are the same things I'm reading about in my textbook right now.  Taking a peek at: https://github.com/Mekire/pysort/blob/master/pysort.py 




 Ok so you guys probably know my little brother, metulburr, I am train_subject3168. I am pretty new to python and just learning. I'm a computer science major in college at the moment.  Anyway, in a programming structure and logic class I'm in (intro level) in our textbook, the chapter I just read described the bubble sorting algorithm for sorting data, it has flowcharts and pseudocode and I thought I'd try to translate it to python (I'm using python 3.3.4 right now) I have functions for filling an array and sorting the array and then displaying the array, the filling and displaying work now, I still gotta fix the sorting one, but the real question is, my brother was noting that it shoudn't work at all because I have global variables and I use them in my functions, well look at the code:
    
    array_size = 5
    scores_array = []
    comparisons = array_size - 1
    x = 0
    y = 0
    temp = 0
    
    def fill_array():
        x = 0
        while (x  array_size):
            userinput = input("Enter a score:\n")
            userinput = int(userinput)
            #for i in range(5):
            scores_array.append(userinput)
            x = x + 1
    
    
    def sort_array():
        y = 0
        while (y  comparisons):
            x = 0
            while (x  comparisons):
                while (scores_array[x]  scores_array[x + 1]):
                    swap()
                x = x + 1
            y = y + 1
    
    def swap():
        temp = scores_array[x + 1]
        scores_array[x + 1] = scores_array[x]
        scores_array[x] = temp
    
    def display_array():
        x = 0
        while (x  array_size):
            print(scores_array[x])
            x = x + 1
    
    fill_array()
    
    print("\n")
    
    #sort_array()
    
    display_array()

now what is interesting is my brother pointed out to me that the code above runs with no errors, yet the code below throws an error "UnboundLocalError: local variable 'var' referenced before assignment"
in this code:
    
    var = 0
    
    def addone():
        var += 1
    
    print(var)
    addone()
    print(var)

Why is this? Does anyone know why the latter code throws the error but the first doesn't?
 




 I don't know the guy currently running the python forums website, as I'm pretty new around the forums, but it seems to be down an unacceptable amount of time, rendering the whole forum useless. 
























 yup, here it is, my ~/.i3/config:
http://pastebin.com/BSqZFpUY 




 no, that didn't work...same behavior. 




 Okay, so I've been using i3 for a while and love it, but I have one issue I still have yet to resolve that bothers me.  I use 9 workspaces and they are usually all filled with something, be it terminals or a web browser or whatever.  

If I am on one workspace, say workspace #3, and I want to move a window from it to workspace #5 (there are already things on workspace #5) then mod + Shift + 5 on the selected window creates a NEW #5 workspace instead of putting it on the existing 5th workspace, so now I have 2 "#5" workspaces.  Ideally I would like it to move the window to the existing workspace #5.  Any ideas as to how to accomplish this?  Thanks. 




 free as in beer, or free as in speech?
AKA cost vs open-source 




 http://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/what-is-the-difference-between-linux-and-unix/ 




 I'm having the exact same issue.  I keep getting Error 118.  Total store, community, groups, etc lockout.
 




 Keep strong...it will pass.   
























 I quit August 8th, 2013, and now less than 3 weeks until my one year anniversary of being smoke and nicotine free, I feel like I can breath and that I've broken free of something and completed a task that for years I had deemed "impossible".  A person who never gives up, never fails.  




 Wow! Amazing seats! 




 Oh, i didn't know it had it's own video, I saw it as part of something else, like a Not Poop Games.  Thanks though. 









 I also run a headless arch server and have been running it for the last few years.  I'm wondering why would anyone run a server that wasn't headless? 




 *facepalm* I'm dumb, thanks, that did it /u/dangersalad and /u/mrkipling  




 and my ~/.i3/i3status.conf:
http://pastebin.com/6ZCYUWK5 
























 I use vim for everything. 




 awesome, yeah i didn't hear back from you as to whether or not you had success. 




 hey g33kdad, I talked to you on #jupiterbroadcasting yesterday, did you end up getting the touchpad working on your i3? 




 In this world gone mad, you don't fuck the Hulu, the Hulu fucks you. 




 Hulu Plus works in linux natively...fuck Netflix. 




 Congrats to you, I'm approximately 36 hours from hitting my 1 solid year smoke and nicotine free myself.  Smoking is ass. 




 Trust me, there were a lot of false starts before I actually quit.  I mean my new years resolution for 2011 was to quit smoking, it only lasted a few days, but it started a series of quits that led to this year long one.   
























 Congrats!  I haven't thrown a perfect game in any baseball game since EA's MVP Baseball '05 on PS2. 




 awesome 




 This looks like Mitt Romney. 




 Yeah my dude is sporting what I call the "Abraham Lincoln"

 




 Too many activation attempts. 




 are any of these still available? 




 excellent book, congrats on your early successes. 
























 Leopold "Butters" Stotch is the best person to explain Game of Thrones: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sz2DNYa-lbQ 




 I think this should serve as a warning to anyone entertaining the idea of having "just one" cause there's no such thing, you are reawakening your addiction. 




 #QuitNow! Since Aug 8, 2013: 
617 days smoke free,
24705 down,
$6,176.25 and 102d, 22:35 saved! 




 Ha ha! Yeah come to think of it was usually the same people always doing the interpretations at that church too. 




 Back when I was a Christian, I attended a Pentecostal Church, and even then I was suspicious of speaking in tongues.  But at that church the pastor had said there should always be a translation of the person speaking in tongues.  So there was designated time during each service where people were suppose to be "led by the Holy Spirit" to speak in tongues.  Someone would stand up stand up and speak gibberish: Assata ma ta ta ta la bella.  Then another person would stand up and speak the "translation": "Go forth my people, leave Gilgal..."  It was always conveniently on topic with whatever the church was talking about at those particular weeks. 




 Wow, that's awesome! 




 I want your job. 
























 I guess the thing that I find most interesting is that this "crush" also known as transference, from what I've read online, can be a very useful therapeutic tool and can be used to figure out a lot of things from my past.  So I mean as awkward as it feels, and yet still feeling like it's awesome to talk to her, apparently it could play out for the benefit of my mental health.  Assuming she's comfortable enough with taking on this thing. 




 So, I'm a 35 year old guy.  Since I was 16 I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and I have generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder.  I have been on medications and in therapy almost the entirety of the last nearly 20 years.   I have had many different therapists over the years.  Some I outright hated, some were just kind of meh, and some I thought were awesome.  

So a year ago I got a new therapist when my old one left the agency.  Up until this point all of my therapists had mostly been older women, motherly or grandmotherly.  I've had a couple male therapists and I noticed I tend to butt heads with them or just feel like they are aloof or don't care.  But I always purposely avoided younger female therapists.  This new therapist I have had the last year is maybe a 30 year old woman, very attractive, and very funny.  I was leery of sticking with her after our first few sessions as I felt uncomfortable around a younger female therapist as I always felt like I was being judged or something.  But I figured I'd stick with her for a few sessions and see how it played out.  To my surprise, I found myself more comfortable and safe around this therapist than any I've had with any in years.    

I've gone back to college lately and have been working on my degree, and I had a bit of a mental breakdown towards the end of the last semester.  I started to put schoolwork on hold as my therapist was insisting for a while now that I write her a paper explaining why I am the way I am.  This paper ended up turning into over 80 pages of typed history from my past, hospitalizations, suicide attempts, old girlfriends and relationships, old friendships, etc.  Since writing all this I've started to have crying spells again, I haven't had these in years.  I also keep ruminating about the past now.  So in the last few months I started to notice that I was starting to feel like I had a crush developing for my therapist. I always look forward to my therapy sessions, and even sometimes count down the days to the next one,  and in the past therapy was more of a chore to get over with, and many times I would blow it off or outright cancel appointments.  I haven't done either since I've had this therapist.     

Now my therapist is married, but even despite that, by virtue of being my therapist she is literally the most unattainable person for me on the planet. I fully understand the ethical and legal ramifications of any breaking of the therapeutic boundary. So I know my thoughts are unrealistic. But I can't stop thinking about her.  I was disturbed by this as I had no idea what it was and I did some googling and discovered that what I was experiencing was called transference.  I also got the impression that this is something I should tell my therapist about and try to work through as it probably reveals something about my past.  It took me a couple sessions to work up the courage to tell her.  My fears were that she might refer me to a different therapist, or being that the atmosphere of my sessions are very light hearted and joking, I also feared that maybe telling her would make the sessions more rigid and stuffy.  After telling her she assured me neither would happen, but other than that she seemed unphased by my confession.  She simply said, "I must remind you of someone.  Do you know who?"  I don't know who.  This will probably be a discussion for future sessions.  But it still bothers me that between sessions I still think about her more than what feels healthy and how overwhelming the feeling is.  Has anyone else here experienced this? 




 I play this same conversation in my head. 




 Sex. 




 The point is it's not real...actually.  I don't REALLY know her at all, and that's by design in the therapeutic relationship.  By feelings are not really for HER.  It's something that I'm projecting onto her that speaks to something in past, that's what we need to get to the bottom of. 




 Well for starters, I haven't disclosed this information to my therapist yet.  As far as currently it means in regards to my treatment is that I never miss an appointment, but like right now she's on vacation and I've been having a rough time and I feel kind of slighted that she's gone when i need her.  But I know she has her own life but I've decided I HAVE TO tell her or else this is going to impede my treatment and actually after googling about it a bit, I found it's so common an occurrence that there is a term for it: transference.  Apparently also this can be therapeutic to work through as to why I am having these feelings, so when she returns from vacation I intend to actually share this with her, not because I think anything will become of it, because she is most certainly, by virtue of being my therapist, the most unattainable person on the planet for me, but because I need to work on whatever underlying issues are causing these feelings to be projected onto my very attractive, very young female, married, therapist. 




 I have a crush on my therapist right now. 




 I had a math program from the 90's that had a catchy theme song called Blaster Pals that I remember and found here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1PnP11Dgw0 
























