 I take it you don't eat junk food then.  




 Black holes are the buttholes of the universe.  




 Don't rape the messenger 




 Lies! OP said 2 cute girls. I only see 1 




 Left over chicken soup + pizza. Reddit,you failed me.  




 Destiny. One of the most boring games I've played.  




 This deserves more up votes 




 When they were your age the economy was stronger and the cost of living was lower.  




 Areola grande 









 While I agree that you get what you pay for (your example of the $50 dollar dj), I don't see the reason for the vinyl supremacy.  

It doesn't matter what medium you store your music on, there are talented djs in all facets.  




 Biscuit in the US is basically a baked roll of bread.  




 Dildo blades 




 So did you fry it or bake it?  




 $98.50 daily for me. Living in Orange County CA. Lol! It's damn expensive here. 




 See the link for more info :)

http://www.ssa.gov/survivorplan/survivors.htm 




 It depends on your diet but if you're on a ketogenic diet,  I find that hunger is not a huge issue. 

The ketogenic diet trades out your dependency on carbs and forces your body to use fats for energy.  I eat foods high in fat and stay away from carbs. I find that hunger strikes less often and I can go longer between meals.  




 Social worker here. You and your siblings may be entitled to survivor's benefits from the government. It should be a few hundred dollars a month for each person. Get in contact with your local social services agency.  I'm sorry for your loss.

EDIT: posting link for survivors benefits site. 

 http://www.ssa.gov/survivorplan/survivors.htm 




 I AM that guy so I always end up censoring my interesting fact and go with something more mundane,  like hiking ( which I don't actually do). 




 I just wash my ass after shits. 




 Did OP just watch human centipede recently? Or more shocking, OP is researching to see if s/he can make a human centipede. 




 I assume you're talking about your computer not WIRELESSLY connecting to your router. I'm going to state the obvious, but have you checked to see that you didn't accidentally turn off the WiFi on your laptop? 

If that's not the case then I suggest connecting the computer directly to your router using the LAN cable (in order to access the internet) and downloading the wireless driver from the hp website and try reinstalling it. 




 You never go full retard. 




 Headphones, my friend. 




 Not just yours, but everyone's. Have you read the book Sperm Wars? 




 Every pack is a family pack if you put it on wrong. 




 My small penis 




 It had to be said lol 




 Liege waffle is king! Other than that, I prefer a triple stack of pancakes, of which I will eat 1/12 of it and discard. 




 People who love Apple 




 People who poop on me while I'm eating. 




 Green glowing antifreeze 




 Sorry, I should have elaborated. I work at a fed agency. I clicked a link on reddit and it logged it into my system as porn. Which it was not btw :( 




 I'm just guessing but I think it has to do with your saliva breaking down the structural bonds of the gum. 




 Agree, I just got done reading about black holes and quantum physics.  




 Well at least you're spending that quality time with your father that you've always been missing. 




 Communication is key. I just come to an agreement that works for both parties. It's nice to talk to each other sometimes. 




 When I was old enough to realize that the teachings I was receiving in bible class were hard to believe. Upon questioning them I was only given circular arguments which basically boiled down to, "we are adults and we know more than you, so listen to us."

In my middle school years I learned more about history. I learned about how past civilizations had gods for things in nature that they didn't understand and couldn't explain (Roman god of the sun, etc.) We look back on it now and think they were silly for having a god if the sun or god of the sea, yet we (organized religion) have a god that created the universe, since we can't explain that (yet).

 




 Well, anything that breaks the ice, leading to conversation is always a good start.

I wouldn't say it was the most effective way to pick up girls; that's entirely up to how well the resulting conversation goes combined with her actual interest in you.

They were a good ice breaker is what you meant. 




 Gotcha :) 




 The article states that he was not in the same town at the time she claimed the rape occurred. She blatantly told a lie.  




 If it's already been proven that he is not guilty then why isn't the accuser instantly punished? You get punished for falsely screaming "fire" in a crowded building. 




 Masturbate furiously. Or alternatively, I listen to music. 




 I clicked on a reddit link and got flagged for porn. Now it's logged into the browsing history. 




 Bed full of lesbians. 




 I would say the latter, since it is widely accepted that the light that we see from stars occurred eons ago. Therefore, the present is not observable while it is happening. 




 I'd rather not be famous and dead.  




 Yeah, but he got killed. 




 Would you wish for a lawyer? 




 Do we ever really live in the present? Everything we see, feel, hear or sense has to go to our brains and then be processed. Even though it takes milliseconds to process, we are never truly experiencing "the present."

 




 "When I was 4 years old, I started walking. When I was younger, I could not walk." 




 Why were you thinking about penises in the shower? 




 /end thread 




 Indeed, signing a check does increase the paper that it's on. 




 Neelix doesn't look like he enjoys performing as a DJ and his style of music is very progressive. It's great for listening to at a desk but at a festival it's boring, for lack of a better word 




 It really depends on the crowd and what he "thinks" the crowd is receptive to. I was at a private show he did in Hollywood last weekend and he stated that he was playing a Perfecto Dark set but the crowd was a bunch of hipsters who barely even knew who he was. 

Only about 3 tracks in, he started to progressively get more mainstream with a more "pop" sound. The last song, all the hipsters jumped up and sang along to. I had no idea what song it was. So as a DJ he completed his job to get the party going, but I can't say I enjoyed his set much.

TL;DR He will play what the crowd is receptive to, whether it be pop or more underground. 




 You might try looking into minimal techno or minimal trance. Although when you mention "slow, darker" trance in your title, I'm inclined to think progressive psytrance, but that's just me haha 




 Obviously drinking more. Also I like to DJ. 




 Make myself owner of Earth.  




 At speeling correctly 




 I try not to associate with people who cannot keep commitments. Either that or very harshly ridicule them. 




 Hitler's ghost 




 4 - The first computer to pass the Turing test.

Already happened [here](http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/computer-becomes-first-to-pass-turing-test-in-artificial-intelligence-milestone-but-academics-warn-of-dangerous-future-9508370.html) 




 If you're at a psytrance party, then the people who came want to listen to psytrance. I hate it when they put artists who play radically different styles back to back at a festival. It really breaks up the musical flow of the night. 




 What record pool and what genre is most prominent in it? 




 Wait, hold on. "Forced to fuck?" That's the definition of rape. lol 
























 This is why I don't go to coachella 




 TIL you're a bigger bitch than your dog.  




 PLEASE STOP. I NEED MY FRONT TEETH 




 Can confirm. Have no property, am depressed.  




 The cops showed restraint and handled the situation well, yet you're sitting there and saying they shoot people?  What is wrong with you?  




 So the maggots ate the bone of his jaw? Ughhh 




 Where's the rest of his jaw?  




 If you're going fast enough to pull off this maneuver then the initial jerk of the wheel is enough to swing the car around 75% of the way, if not all the way. 

If you were trying to do a 360 then use of the brakes is necessary to add rotation to the car.  




 What does it mean when it's purple? 




 If coworker didn't stop and check out the gif with you then he's no one you want to hang out with. Trust me, all of us at corporate know this.  Nobody likes a stiff. 




 So the question is: did you hit? 




 It would be as full of made up stories as the ones in TIFU 




 The snigliest 




 Correct. Gender discrimination law applies when renting a private residence. When sharing a room or a house with common areas, gender is not protected under the fair housing laws.  




 Next time, maybe just say you're not dressed.  




 Have you considered that your brain will also age with time and eventually fail?  




 I can tell there are no hipsters here.  




 "Take a knee! " 




 Better, better yet. Throw it in reverse, snap wheel to the left, clutch in, snap wheel to the right while shifting into 2nd, clutch out, gas it.  




 What are you talking about? I don't have any friends.  




 2 fast 2 serious 




 Fat Mexican cats 




 I've never had to buy a BIC lighter ever.  




 I make my mayo fresh at home.  




 I'm also excel guy at work. I just document the hell out of it and require that any time someone asks me for excel help, they have to email me the request and cc my boss. 




 You obviously haven't been in prison before.  




 If you had no shame, would you have no decency either?  




 If it fits, I sits.  




 Every mom on the planet.  




 I started getting tired of having sex with girls who were horrible at sex. Until I had sex with one who was really,  REALLY good. 

Then I realized why she was probably really good.  




 Or you can use it to your advantage to leverage a promotion.  




 THIS 




 Oh yeah. Boob. Hmm, this ass feels nice. Boob! Lick the nipple. Must squeeze boobs. Ok, back to grabbing booty. I wonder if I can fit my entire hand around this booty. Nope. Man, I love underboob from this angle. Oh, shit! Almost forgot to lick the boobie. Pinch the nips. Oh, she likes that. I think I'll suggest tacos for dinner. Boob! Ok, back to grabbing booty. FUCKKKK

"Hey, I think we should get tacos. " 




 But op doesn't kiss and tell. 




 Unless the candy is ecstasy.  




 Getting a degree will not guarantee you a job.  




 Aborted fetuses and chocolate chip cookies.  




 "Lol" 




 LIFE.

I did nothing to deserve this hell. 




 Good. I don't want to be the one who takes your virginity.  




 And never again will you be guilded in the next 50 years.  




 In 3rd grade i heard that the class clown got sent home for writing the f word in the boys room.  I quickly went to see what it was but it was already removed. So close. 




 Hopefully the extinction of the human race.  




 Yeah, but a machine with those specs are less than half the price you paid. And with newer processors. 

I guess my point is, it doesn't matter what you buy in regards to electronics.  In a couple years, it quickly losses its value (monetary). 




 Have you tried emailing Serato support or going on their forum?  




 Most technology losses half of its value in 1 year and are basically worthless in 2. 




 I didn't know what the "F" word was until 4th grade.  




 You neither need the apostrophe in the word "kids" nor "apostrophes." 




 And 3 in the butt 




 Good idea. Throwing ice cubes in there will keep the coffee warm. 




 If godblow is OP's screen name then daughter's name is blowgoddess? 




 Youtube doesn't have porn.  




 Well obviously my TV is not as big as the theater screen. I'm saying that the movie theater industry is suffering. Even with ticket prices double what they were a decade ago, movies still have a difficult time grossing record numbers. 




 Maybe more people are realizing that McDonald's food is garbage.  




 It might help if you include your location. $800 a month might get you far in Montana,  not so much in New York.  




 Thanks for the laugh 




 3d movies are a gimmick to try and give movie theaters a competitive advantage over in home theaters, but the theaters and movie studios are fighting a losing battle. 

I prefer to watch movies at home and my TV is plenty big. I'm sure there are many others who share my same preference. The draw of 3d and big screen is not enough for me to pay $15 to $20 bucks for a theater ticket.  




 I think it's because watching movies in theaters is a dying trend. Most people will torrent the movie or just wait until it comes out in digital format.  




 A honey badger 




 Well that escalated quickly 




 Remember, you aren't stuck in traffic; you ARE traffic.  




 Sounds like a sticky situation 




 Not a bad job but as others have mentioned. It looks a bit top heavy.  




 My dad left me when I was 4. 




 You can wear eyeliner 




 You're obviously not in the industry. 
























 LPT: always look ahead of where you're driving and scan the horizon. Do not ONLY focus on the road 20 feet ahead of you. 




 It didn't help that he cranked the wheel more when he started understeering. 




 I would have gotten out and continue the beating (off camera). 




 It's probably a big-rig. 




 I still look both ways when driving through an intersection on my green. If there's a car running the red light, that split second could be the difference between life and death. 




 She ded 




 Why is everyone getting golded in this thread?  




 Casino Royale, ball torture scene.  




 Then it would, by definition, be a day's worth. 




 I didn't come here for a math problem! Take your upvote and go.  




 Step 3: ???

Step 4: profit? 




 You should really get glasses. I'm -.75 and I use corrective lenses. Quality of life is so much better. 




 Armed, as in, has a weapon, specifically, a gun. 




 It's a game where friendships are made and destroyed. And where you'll discover the friend who has a strange affinity for sheep. 




 What if the other person is armed? 




 Except the victim always trips and sprains their ankle. 




 Hey, by all means, bate away until your dick gets moldy.  




 Infected?  Do you not wash your dick? You do know you're supposed to pull it all the way back to wash it right?  




 I'm not OCD, but this pisses me off! 




 The flame kind of looks like a nebula and the sparks are stars. 




 When a DJ is noticeably drunk and playing like shit I usually get as close to the booth as possible and yell obscenities. 




 If it was a Louby, she would have taken it with her. 




 It's all the weapons companies that need a reason to invent new weapons so they can get government contracts.
 




 Is that Macallan?
 




 Does it really matter who you find attractive? You shouldn't let other people's opinions determine your actions. What you find attractive about a person is so subjective that anyone else who judges has no validity.

Interracial couples are great because each person gets to experience, learn and adopt a part of another culture. They get to share traditions and food. It's a positive for all since each person becomes more cultured by the experience. 




 Weak ass click bait title. 




 Does this mean I have to unsubscribe to /r/spacedicks 




 That sounds like anti slut defense. She probably lied about it being a joke just to save face with her friends.  




 Wood of 




 thank you gentle fellow pirate,

tips *pirate hat*

FtFY

 




 I thought the USA would be Hot Pockets. 




 Hey mommmmmm. Dad's on Reddit again!  




 Oh, AOL floppy discs 




 Indeed you can 




 I meow like a cat.  




 But you would never know that you would meet them the next day. It would just be like any other day.  




 I think he's talking about:

1. Be attractive
2. Have money if unattractive

FTFY 




 ... 




 You can always get another job. People have a propensity to be short  sighted.  




 God killed a lot of people in the bible man.  




 No need to shave your pubes if you light up a match after lubing your ass with wd40. 




 Or you can work for yourself. (Not trying to be condescending) 




 Take a number buddy.  Back of the line is that way.  




 Ah, that's unfortunate. Well maybe you can search around for underground events and see if you can get to know the promoters. I find that fans who attend underground events have more music knowledge and are more loyal. 




 Getting shot in the shoulder is not just a flesh wound that you can shrug off. Your mobility in that arm would be severely limited. 

Also in car scenes where the vehicles are traveling at a high rate of speed and then come to a dramatic, sideways skid to a stop. The actual distance you would skid in real life is wayyyyy farther.  




 Gonna make like a used tampon and get up out this bitch. 




 It does.  




 Because the clitoris is so sensitive, Brandon says, she sees women being more specific about their preferences for how they want to be touched. "[Men] rarely tell me, 'She touches too hard, too soft, she tickles, her hands are cold.' Women say those things all the time about how men touch their vulvas, clitorises included. Women are finicky, and so are their clitorises." 

Men rarely say anything to women because they're either too shy or too awkward to voice their concerns or they think criticizing the way a womam touches their penis will discourage further handjobs.

Well, I'll do a service for most men by saying: Most women's handjob technique is horrible! Guys, speak up and tell your women how to properly give handjobs. 




 10/10 would hit.  




 I concur.  




 My friend's girlfriend did this at my house and flooded the bathroom. Shit was everywhere. Friend had to clean it up and his girlfriend tried to blame it on him, in order to save face.  




 This now here.  




 Came here to say this. 

Shifting in corners is a bad habit.  




 Check around for vacant warehouses and see if the owner will rent it out for an "art gallery" event. Throw the party there.  




 

Can confirm. Am wife's car. 




 Now that, is a real *tearjerk* 

FTFY 




 Nice, but what happens if you forget your password (to the website that you signed up to)? How would you reset it? 

Edited for clarity. 




 There's 2 cops and a mob of people. What do you think is going to happen if they go to the ground in order to immobilize 1 person? And let's keep the name calling out of this, unless that's your petty way of trying to assert your dominance in this argument.  




 Tips anus 




 Hey, that rhymed. Kind of!  




 Sure they did. They built the railroads.  




 He stood on the first bucket and then put 2 more buckets underneath himself.  




 Really? My summers were always filled with teenaged angst and awkward boners. 




 Right in the gooch. 




 Had a prof once who gave take home tests, but the questions were extremely difficult and took about an hour each to complete. 




 So Netflix?  
























 Hold my sister, I'm going in!  




 Ah, the Ole Reddit Truckaroo. 




 So you're basically saying that the only difference between a creeper and an attractive mate is the money.  Gotcha. 




 Step 1. Break into your pool

Step 2. Drown

Step 3. Sue

Step 4. ???

Step 5. Profit.

Yep, I thought that one through.  




 So...like every other day on the Internet then?  




 Is that Bob Saget? 




 I usually masturbate in the shower, which still leaves me with at least 2 minutes to shower.  




  Reading is hard 

So am I. 




 Nah, I usually beat off during the loading screens.  




 Why are you cooking beer? 




 Does that mean it just leaks out of your ass?  




 "Jason Derulo."

-Jason Derulo 




 Let's say you borrow 100k and end up not paying for it. The company that you borrowed money from would rather get some money than no money, so they sell your 100k debt to a collection agency for 10k. 

Now the collection agency "owns" your debt of 100k and can come after you for that amount. Since they only paid 10k for your 100k worth of debt, they may try to offer you a "deal" by saying they will settle with you for 50k. 

If you end up paying the 50k, you think you have a good deal and the collection company makes away with a cool 40k profit. 

This is how many private loans and credit cards work. 
 




 Gandhi SMOKED that real shit

FTFY 




 Make sure you remember to sell right before 2008, then after the crash, buy low. 




 A nice ribeye steak. I'll admit I can only eat one once a week, but still... 




 I didn't want to get THAT meta. 




 morning wood 




 You know what they call it in France?  A normale, with cheese. 




 Mom's spaghetti.  




 I like serving my steak on a cutting board sometimes too, but I'd suggest you get a couple cutting boards; one for raw food and one for cooked food. 




 Totally watched this at work and showed it to my coworkers.  




 Well, from the way you type, it makes you seem like a white American kid who grew up in a black neighborhood.  




 Everybody was Kung-fu fighting. 
 




 Heyooooooo 




 Cocaine is your friend 




 5 is my favorite but why don't you try listening to them before you buy them?  The quality isn't great but all those albums are on YouTube.  




 You should try "consulting" as a tutor, if that's what your expertise can offer.  




 Ah, the Ole reddit dickaroo. 




 Rip lordFAPquadd

FTFY 




 It seems like you might enjoy In Search of Sunrise 5. 




 Anybody else read the entire article in a Russian accent?  




 Women.  There, I said it.  




 Water bottle. Have the Australians say THAT!  




 Is it gross to use the club restrooms barefoot since club restrooms ate always wet? Why doesn't he use slippers when using the restroom?  




 Once you hit a glass dick, that's all you ever think about. Sweet, sweet dicks.  




 Circle jerk  




 Preparation H 




 So you're telling me that an "easy target" such as someone laying on the floor will get ignored because the shooter would rather try to aim for those scattering in the distance?  




 Confirmed, op is wife. 




 It's, uh, it's ectoplasm. 




 Hell, it's the best thing since sliced bread.  




 What's wrong with this driver? Could they not judge that the cars ahead are fully stopped? 

When driving, always look ahead to the horizon. Most people just look down at the road 20 feet in front of them. That's why things like this happen. 




 F 




 I found that I burned approximately 900 calories when doing insanity. I'm 6ft, 160 pounds. 




 It hurts me to even read this thread.  




 The people telling you that you can sell your car with a blown engine for anything more than a few hundred dollars are deluded or misguided. 

Try to get as much from the mechanic as you can and just take his settlement. Don't keep the car to try and sell because it will be more trouble than it's worth.  




 Not sure, but the word "user base" comes to mind.  




 Incorrect, the higher perceivable frequencies are more damaging.  




 No pussy is worth 18 years of child support.  




 I'm not sure how voting works on reddit 




 I still rock these at the raves.  




 LPT: don't eat at panda express 




 You ever been snowballed? It's when you finish in a girl's mouth and she comes up to give you a kiss. Except she still has jizz in her mouth and spits it back into yours.  Snowballed!

Fucking shit. 




 You monster!  




 Are you 5 years old?  




 I know it probably sucks right now but you have to look at this in perspective with your whole life. You sound like a young guy so you should have many years ahead of you. This event in your life is rather small compared to your whole life. 

Learn from this and grow from this. They're not worth your trouble being bitter over this. Think about what you gained: the knowledge that life does go on after a "serious" relationship. You got rid of 2 shitty people in your life. 

Chin up man.  You'll be okay.  




 It's very difficult to "force" genres on anybody. Especially when it's something as subjective as music.

You should try to stay true to music you enjoy or you'll find that you get bored very quickly. 

Try building your own following and then try finding some underground promo groups that like dnb. 




 Hmm, I know exactly what you mean by being cliquey. You just have to put in time and get to know them without actively trying to get a gig with them. Build the relationship first before trying to ask for a gig. It's also difficult if they don't like the genre you play. You might as well go another route if that's the case. 

About the cd thing. I find it more effective than telling people to visit your SoundCloud  (or whatever). Because let's face it, how many times have you met a dj that you liked and then remembered to visit there page the next day? Now imagine a dj you don't know asking you to visit their page. You'd probably politely say yes, but never comply. If you hand them a cd with your info on it, they might actually listen to it. 




 I make the same observations as you. I know a lot of mediocre djs who shamelessly promote themselves online and have managed to garner a decent following. I say shamelessly because their mixes range from awful to decidedly mediocre, yet their audience does not seem to mind, and neither do they. Maybe the audience is not knowledgeable enough to discern the mistakes?

Out of respect for myself and the art of djing, I hesitate to release mixes that contain amateurish mistakes such as trainwrecks, extended periods of off-key mixing,  or uneven eq-ing of tracks.

I'm not any way hating on them. We all have to start somewhere. I like to think that they don't know they are bad because they are ignorant to what "good" is. They don't even know that they don't know. 

I think if your goal is to dj to a larger crowd then you have to market yourself. Create an online presence, network with other djs and promoters, attend club events and mingle with the crowd, pass out demo cds. If you are as good as you say you are, naturally you will gain a following because you are offering a superior product compared to the other (worse) djs.  




 Found dad.  




 She'll probably break that chair over your back, but yeah... 




 Too soon, junior. 




 Big dicks in your ass are bad for your health.  




 But I do porn 




 Well thanks for ruining the ending for op 
























 I have more than one set of bed sheets. How poor are you?  




 No, only I call him Zuck, because we're, uh, cool like that.  




 Found your mom's dildo! 




 Found the wife!  




 I feel the same way when I'm having sex with her.  




 Bird is the word? 




 9 and 3 because race car. 




 The op with the tattoo should copyright the charmander picture so he can sue all of you for reproducing it lol 




 Just curious as to what equipment you've been using to mix or practice on that you don't know how to to set up your laptop.

Just a word of warning, set up a time before your gig so you can hook up all your equipment and make sure it works. A few days before the gig if possible, sinceb it sounds like you don't even have all the equipment you think you need. 

I'd also have a back up plan, like having a bunch of tracks prepped on a USB drive in case you can't hook up your laptop. I'd suggest setting them up in rekordbox if you're using CDJ's.   




 You must be young because you'll soon find out that owning a dick in Vegas is very expensive.  




 If I was a girl, I would not be bragging about sleeping with an idiot like will I am. 




 Well he IS in a Mets jersey.  




 Fuck the textbook industry! Bunch of crooks.  




 The clap!  




 Ha! Joke's on you. I've broken plenty of condoms and have never gotten my hands pregnant.  




 Is OP Paul Rudd? 




 Hold my balls, I'm going in.

FTFY
 




 Not trying to be a dick, but are you really asking people on the Internet how something "feels?"

I'd recommend going into a music store that would have the same model on display so you can test the feel.  




 Wouldn't this be more aptly called "core licks?" 




 Was THAT sarcastic?  




 LANAAAAAAAAA 




 Now my penis is depressed.  




 Does she jump into the toilet bowl before you have to pee? 




 It's more comfortable. 




 The biggest thing that everyone is overlooking is the fact that you would remember nothing from the future,  so it wouldn't make any difference when you "saved."

You would just wake up at your "save" point like any other day and continue on with life as you would always have.  




 People who work there are empowered to take care of the customer as they deem fit. It won't hurt the bottom line much if you realize just how many drinks get thrown out in a day.

Also, giving away a drink and then having that person, most likely, share their experience with friends or on social media is probably one of the cheapest (and most effective) type of marketing they can buy.
 




 If a place accepts tips then tip them. 




 Correct. The iced venti cup is 24oz. 




 He's got the right idea.  Coke is expensive, you know. 




 Fuck! They're on to us.  




 The air filter replacement prices are such a ripoff. You can buy them for much cheaper at almost any auto part store and replace it in a matter of minutes. A simple youtube search will yield instructions.

*on most cars. 




 Not to mention pubes. 




 That's what we call "gambling." 




 If you put it on your butthole, it will go numb. 




 And everyone wins. 


Wait, did I do that right?  




 From the title, I thought they discovered 100 billion barrels just out in a field somewhere.  




 Get away from him, he's foaming at the mouth!  




 What!? 




 I think I have that set as well. Not a bad set. 




 "I never looshze"

-Sean Connery 




 You silly goose. The happiness lies in the experiences you share with people, while doing drugs, not in the drugs itself. 




 I would say professors have never seen the cleverest way to cheat because the cleverest cheater has never been 

(_) 

( _)- 

(_) 

caught. 




 Ha! 




 OP is now dead from a car accident. 




 You can eat a lot of fish. 




 Golded, golded, golded.

Is it ironic yet?  




 Looks like you got golded again for it. 




 A posh wank 




 When you bust before the picture fully loads and you didn't see any nudity because it loads top to bottom.

Man, I hate 56k.  




 Burger King is still in business?! 




 Remind me again second second base is? Is that hands stuff? 




 Clicked on the subreddit and the first 2 links were purple. Oops 




 I'm old school, I use a hand held torch.  




 That's a few seconds too long.  




 I rarely ever look at a person's username.  




 You should talk about ideals and your philosophy on life. You should let them share there point of view with you. If you end up sharing your life with this person then it's critical that you both have simular ideals about life. 

Gender roles, the belief (or lack of belief) in a god, ethics, food, long term life goals (like what/where you want to end up so that you'll feel happy), and family goals (like when/if you want marriage and kids). These are some heavy subjects but eventually you'll  want to discuss them. 




 I hate it when unexperienced guys sleep with virgins. They're always too eager and don't know how painful it can be. This is why I try to avoid virgins. 




 Meow meow meow 




 A+++++ would read again!!! 




 I sucked a dick for $20 bucks.  I'm not gay, but $20 bucks is $20 bucks.  




 Ne pas toucher. 




 Cheenis 




 LA has underground trance and psytrance parties. 




 Some ways I've seen people tip:

* $1 per drink, regardless of price or effort.

* $1 per drink for drinks that only require pouring (ex. beer, a shot, a glass of wine, etc.)

* $1 per drink, and will increase with difficulty/complexity of drink being made. (Usually an arbitrary amount decided by the patron).

* Percentage of total (usually 20%).

**Bartenders:** How much do you expect to be tipped? What is the amount of tip that can be left, where you will still feel stiffed, even though a tip was left? Do you ever feel that, due to slow service or messing up an order, you deserved a lower than normal tip?

**Bar patrons:** How much do you tip your bartender and what is your reasoning behind it? 




 Cumming so hard that your spinal cord snaps and you lose consciousness while laying in a pool of your own liquid.  




 Some lives you kill more people.  
























 So is spelling. 




 Or give it a Coca-Cola. 




 May the fourth be with you. 




 Shh, patience... 




 especially after having to deal with shitty Apple products on a daily basis for several years

You know, you do have a choice to buy other phones right? 




 An innuendo would not be one if you didn't understand it.  So therefore the thought was already in your head.  All he did was make you consciously aware.  




 It's never bothered me. I've earned my red wings more than once.  




 Actually you can.  I'm at work so I'm not going to search for it but maybe someone will chime in.  




 Huntington Beach? 

Edit: thanks for the gold.  




 I expected this. 




 Good job, but the funny thing about real life is, your GPA doesn't mean shit in a few years. 




 It was the juice cleanse that dealt the final blow. 




 Hey, you've already done all the hard work so whatever intern picks up your story will look like they are smart and did some work. 




 The pictures are eerily similar to how the 4th dimension was depicted in the film Interstellar. Which would be accurate since space (x,y,z axes) is 3 dimensions and time being the 4th. 




 I used to try and butcher people's names as much as possible because I knew it would give them something to instagram about,  so that they can feel that the people following them online really give a shit about anything they have to post about. 




 Gaytheist

FTFY 




 Looks like an intimate crowd.  Those are fun shows to play. 




 But was the weed even good? 




 Mitch, 2pac   biggie dropping a collab. 




 Too soon... 




 Pulling out is not the best contraception method. 

Waiting for TIFU and got my girlfriend pregnant post. 




 Too bad OP is a liar

http://imgur.com/q1Qz49i 




 they got kicked out for looking too young even with proper id

The fuck 




 Muricunts 




 You should see the patient transfers.  




 Yeah.  Everybody knows that you triple bag it. 




 Bigotry is learned.  




 Come on babe

(   ) 




 It's not lupus. 




 It's all ~~protein~~ brotein , bro!

And if you jizz in a frying pan, it fries up just like egg whites. Or so I've heard... 




 I'm going to, er, "confer" with my gf and check back tomorrow. For science!  




 You should taste it and see!  




 Sorry, I should have, expanded on that. (I don't think I've been on Reddit that long) 




 You lie!  




 What the hell is that?  




 Swedish cop mafia 




 When will they learn? No texting and flying! Damn kids! 




 Hey Jim, I love your character in The Big Bang Theory. Can you tell us how it's like to work with a hottie like Kaley Couco?  




 Or fearing that her parents might pick up the line while you're having a phone sex session. 


3 way ftw! 




 You compare the act of running a red light to the crime of shooting someone.

Does running a red light constitute a crime? Is it an immoral act? 




 Oooooo, I got this reference. Although I don't remember from where.  




 Awesome! This is great for road trips since you can stream from Spotify.  




 I have an office job so I listen to tracks at work. 




 If you can't discover new music on Spotify, there must be something wrong with you. 

There are tons of playlists to explore.  




 Some of the top earners make in the millions.  




 That was his cell phone.  




 Aw, I hate it when that happens.  




 I'm more shocked that the most expensive thing on the menu is under $5 US dollars.  




 Saving up for a week in order to afford coffee? You can make enough money for coffee in an hour of panhandling. 




 Google the MTV show "Jersey Shore" to get an idea of what American Italians are like.  




 Spreading a rumor requires that you know a network of people who will listen to you. 




 At a restaurant?  




 This question, or a form of this question, pops up every week in this subreddit.  




 There's 3 kinds of mothers that I don't mess with.  Mother nature, mothers in law, and mother fucking Samoans.  




 Booze alone doesn't cause fights.  Booze + insecure egos = fights.  




 ONE OF US. ONE OF US. ONE OF US. 




 Whoosh! 




 TIL I am a Greek god. 




 That's a lot of sunshine.  




 I live in California,  so yeah.  




 Well you better start getting active on the social media pages then. Go to the event page on Facebook and post on the wall that you have tickets for tomorrow's show. 




 Or just eat varied food that is cheaper than ramen. It's not impossible to develop a diet for yourself that is cheaper than ramen, just requires a little bit of effort.

You talk a big game, but I seriously doubt you can put your money where your mouth is. 

 




 You've been djing for 5 years and you don't have enough of a following (or a group of friends) to which you can sell 20 tickets?  




 I got a pocket, got a pocket full of sunshine. 




 Oy vey 





























 At a rave in southern California called Escape from Wonderland in 2014. 




 Armin would be fantastic because of all the other djs you would meet. I'm not so sure I would want to listen to every one of his sets though. Haha 




 You probably wouldn't play many shows then, since he doesn't really like spinning that much. 




 PvD was drunk off his ass the last time I saw him. His mixing was horrible and only topped by his, even worse, track selection. A huge disrespect to the thousands of fans he is PAID to perform for. 




 Art is so subjective 




 Crack head crimes 




 If you knew anything about making fresh pasta, you would know that you cannot make it "al dente." Fresh pasta should have a slight chewiness to it.

Al dente is not even an Italian "thing."  




 I would disagree. Yes, the questions are topical but what John says very much reflects my sentiments. 

People should embrace change and advances in technology. It applies for everything else in the world, and so too for the dj world. 




 You just typed a transcript of my entire sexual career. 




 [Here's one I recorded over the weekend. Tracks from Lostly, Indecent Noise, John Askew,   Liam Melly] (https://youtu.be/xBBf9xeiFqY)

Let me know if it sucks.

  




 I'd say 25-28% 




 Manual transmissions are usually $1-2k cheaper on most vehicles. I don't know what you're talking about. 




 Why the hell would your pubes be that long?  




 Here here! 




 Its actually relatively easy to do it yourself. Go into any Auto zone and they sell a oil change "deal" that includes all the things you need including an air filter for a reasonable price. All you really need is a screwdriver and to get your hands a little dirty, but an oil change is super easy.


Air filter?  Screw driver?  

Last time I checked,  you don't need an air filter for an oil change.  Maybe you meant oil filter? 
 




 Gato 




 Using five 20% coupons at once would save you 67.232% 




 Are you done yet?  




 I already [do](http://imgur.com/QLP6oZr) 




 When I walk into Home Depot, I always scream, "where the hoes at?" 




 Instructions unclear. Drank gasoline. 




 Driver picks the music. That's like rule #1 dude. 




 I had to pay late fees =( 




 That's expensive. Isn't a 36 pack of Budweiser about $25 bucks?  




 Yeah, what gives? 




 But he never has to pay a toll again because, you know...he's dead. 




 "Cute pussy gets licked and then eaten." 




 I never said people don't make typos. It's the people who are too lazy to correct typos that irk me. 




 

Personally I wouldn't engage in some pissing match that accomplishes nothing over the spelling of a trivial word that doesn't matter. But that's me.

But yet you have responded twice. 




 Doesn't Ruby Skye in SF book good trance artists? 




 Unless it's digital  




 WHAT IF I am the face palm, for not turning off notifications?

Cue Keanu meme.

No, but seriously, I did turn off notifications afterwards. It's annoying that the default of the app is to bomb you with notifications. 




 So you don't think attention to detail is important?

Do you think it's okay to make small, preventable mistakes? It would seem like it from your attempts to rationalize the whole thing. 




 A massive wall of notifications from the redfin app 




 /r/djs is definitely the sub for beginner djs and all around noobs! Or at least that's what one would deduce from most of the threads posted here.  




 I give a shit about spelling because it reflects on a person's character. Someone who can't be bothered to use the correct pronoun contraction not only shows their lack of education, but it shows they lack the attention to detail required to function at a high level.

Sometimes a mistake is a mistake, but why let a simple spelling or grammar error undermine your whole argument? 









 I'm more upset that no one seems to know how to use this meme. This is "malicious advice mallard" aka a duck that gives bad advice. It's NOT an angry duck. 

Make the distinction people!

/rant 




 (cat 2 was a fat old fuck)

Excuse me!? 




 I haven't looked at the pictures or thread (at work), but how does looking at pictures equate to cheating? 




 Everyone wants to fuck everyone, but nobody wants to admit it. 




 I was hoping you would understand the question is a rhetorical one, given the context and the forum in which it is posted. 









 For the price, you can get much better sounding headphones.

 




 You sound a bit salty. Are you ok? 









 I meow all the time. 




 All these people telling you that you NEED to go to college don't know what they're talking about.

You have the job now, it pays well, stay with it since it makes more sense financially. You always have the option to go to college later on.

Not having a degree won't impact your hireability (is that a word?) since you'll have your work experience to back you up.

To paraphrase a friend. 
   You may be a college graduate applying for the entry level manager position, but the guy that dropped out of high school to work for the company, applying for the same position, has 6 years experience on you and he already works there.  




 "How to fall asleep in under a minute."

You mean chloroform? Only down side is that you wake up with a really dry mouth. And occasionally it makes your buthole really sore. 




 When I was 10, I dated 12 year olds. Booyah 




 Google keyboard's text prediction is horrendous. It always corrects to stupid ass words I never even try to type. And the actual word I'm trying to type never even appears on the suggestion box. 




 Somebody's been watching too much food network. 




 A urologist perhaps?  




 So do I. 

(   ) 




 I think your estimate is off if you are truly walking around on your whole shift. When I used to be a nurse, I'd walk something like 14 miles in a shift. 




 I can't tell you anything about it because I don't even know that I don't know about it. 




 Proof? 




 Who knows, she might be into golden showers.  




 Gin   tonic with a lime wedge is nice. Beware though, tonic still contains sugar. You can opt for sugar free if you're being extra strict. 




 It's from being dehydrated. Keto already requires a higher intake of water as it is. Keeping your electrolyte balance is crucial. I take potassium supplements. 




 I like you. 




 J'aime 




 Gossiping coworkers. 




 No, you're doing it wrong. The fact that you down vote him means that you acknowledge that you're a fag. 




 You know what they say about people with big pockets 

(   ) 





























 I have a ddj sx for home use and it's more than capable of serving my needs. 

The only down side is that it requires a laptop and Serato. 

It's time consuming enough to keep your music collection updated and organized in Serato, but you would have to prep your tracks again in rekordbox if you want to use them with cdjs.

If you're set on a controller, I would recommend the xdj rx. It's a standalone unit that doesn't require a laptop. It uses rekordbox so you just have to manage one music collection. It has the stacked wave forms (Which I think is the major advantage of software driven setups).



 




 This guy, asking the important questions. 




 So they can reach go marry their own respective gay lovers. The long con... 




 I've easily filled up a 750ml wine bottle before. 




 It would probably help I'd you mentioned if it was a male or female vocalist. Who the dj was, that was spinning the set. 

No luck whatsoever trying to pin down your track. 




 Darude - Sandstorm by Darude 




 I either go with Magnum or Blue Steel. 




 Confirmed: op is black. 




 You bastard. You made me go back to look at your nipples. 




 Holy shit, you don't even look like the same person. Good work. 




 Not sure why people are hating on your nice mattress. 

Your debt shouldn't be that difficult to overcome. Like others have stated, get your spending under control. Plan to "disappear" from the social even for at least 6 months. Find a hobby that costs little money. I'd suggest done self improvement, like working out.

This way when you get home from work, you have your obligation to go work out and you won't be tempted by vices, such as going out.

Budget as much of your income as you can to paying off the credit card. And I mean actually sit down and draft a budget.

In 6 to 8 months you'll have made a significant dent in your debt and you'll be a healthier you. 




 Get off reddit and go practice driving. 




 Ouch, this cuts deep.  




 Justin Bieber. He wasn't even 18 years old and he was with more than $100 million dollars. Tell me you wouldn't have been a bigger douche than him at that age with that money. 




 www.investopedia.com

You can register a user name, invest in the real stock market with fake money. 




 Erektified 




 Sweet! Time to cancel the gym membership. 




 Checking in from r/keto just to say this will NOT clog your arteries. 

 




 That a penis sits on a vagina kind of how a hotdog fits in a hotdog bun and that's how sex works. 




 You might like Allen   Envy, they do a lot of vocals, but I tend to get tired of their bassline after a while.

Try these tracks

Allen   Envy - The Heart That Never Sleeps (Allen Watts remix)

Sneijder - Letting Me Go

Indecent Noise - Glitches (Matt Bowdidge remix)

Dash Berlin - Never Cry Again (Jorn van Deynhoven remix)

Dash Berlin - Waiting (Sean Tyas remix)

Giuseppe Ottaviani - Angel (Vandit Night mix)

Lostly - I Tried (vocal mix)

Aly   Fila - Running

Aly   Fila - We Control the Sunlight

That's all I got off the top of my head right now.  




 If you're just into vocal trance then you're better off looking for specific tracks, not djs, as they do not always produce vocals. 




 What is this sorcery?! 




 I'm going to a lot of butter. 




 Shut up jaden 




 Can confirm -active here in the LA underground scene. 




 Jorn van Deynhoven

Adam Ellis

Neptune Project

Bryan Kearney

Sean Tyas

Sneijder

James Dymond

Darren Porter

Reorder

John Askew

Greg Downey

Temple One

Ferry Tayle

Driftmoon

Solarstone

Cold Blue



I would suggest you go on Spotify and do some searching yourself. Tons of great uplifting artists out there.


Edit: added more 




 Does this comment make you a snob snob? 




 Great way to get someone to fart into your mouth.  




 Go search for his high school photo 




 I was going to post this but was too lazy to type it out. Glad to find your response. 




 The Samsung Galaxy S6 




 Well I'd rather look at a red pancake than a blue waffle, but that's just me. 




 Well eventually this happens:

Lobbyist: "If you don't vote for free bacon, we will stop donating."

 




 He was wearing jeans and a grey T-shirt but police say it was likely he had changed his clothing.

Police are on top of things. /s 




 It would have to be administered by a high priced hooker. You know, to go along with the expensive bottle. 




  If there's anything else? I was trying to type never even appears on the suggestion box. I'm not referring to all the time difference between a good idea! I'll take a bit longer be working with a warm and you want yo, the line of the car, so I know what terminal to wait in that I would immediately toss out your whole argument, but I think it's okay to make sure you addressed everything else in the world of pure imagination. 




 I would suggest going to the most expensive body shops you can find.  




 Rekt 




 Looks like the guy from the movie Fury. 




 The prize will be airfare and hotel accommodations to Vegas. 




 

Jesus christ. "Just following orders" is great and all, but there's a very obvious line where that needs to be broken for the sake of not being a fucking idiot.

You're giving them too much credit by assuming there was a single person in this situation that wasn't an idiot. 




 ALE HOUSE 




 It's ok. No need to get upset about it. In fact, it's useless to give diet advice to others. I avoid giving advice unless it's solicited of me.

I always post pictures of bacon, steaks, korean bbq, and other "fattening" foods on instagram. When people ask how I stay slim, I tell them it's because I eat bacon all day, everyday. 

They laugh because they think I'm joking. 




 **Things I have done:**

- Graduated college (BA in Business).

- Lost 30 pounds (180lbs to 150lbs, 6ft tall).

- Broke up with gf, got a new gf.

- Got a new job.

- Wrecked my car, got a new car.

- Paid all credit card debt.

- Quit smoking (after 10 years).





**Things I've yet to do:**

- Get my own place.

- Open my own restaurant.

- Take an actual vacation to Europe/Asia.




Insights: thanks for this OP. I was feeling down about myself, but upon reflecting, my life isn't so bad after all. I just need some capital to start my business.  




 Your assumption is incorrect. Skype and telephone calls both have delays. You can test this out by calling yourself from another phone. 




 Baby don't hurt me  




 Doubt she was hot. Looks like she has cankles. 




 Upon closer inspection, you can see the ink is rather of poor quality and detail. 




 Lil nigga tryna get dunked on. 




 I have the strangest boner right now. 




 No they don't. 

On an unrelated note, would someone call an ambulance. Time is somewhat of a factor. 




 Maybe it's the same person who posted it, but they just went back 2 weeks ago to post it. 




 If it's very minor damage then you'll be lucky if your insurance company can get his insurance to pay for a new hood and bumper. More than likely, it will be a repaint.

You need to call your insurance company and tell them what happened. 

You should go to at least 3 body shops to get an estimate on repairs. Estimates are free. I would suggest going to the most expensive body shops you can find. A higher estimate is in your favor.

Once fault is determined, your insurance company will offer 2 ways to receive payment: either they cut the check to the body shop that you fix your car at or they issue you a check.

I would choose to take the check personally. Then go to any body shop and have them repair the car.  




 Lol 




 Even with oil prices down, gas prices in California have risen.  




 Climbing into bed at 3am, while your wife is asleep. 




 I'm longing for WaW zombies 




 Well how do you think I got so fat? 




 Number 5 will shock you! 




 Ouchi indeed 




 Forshizzle 




 Everybody at my office thinks was sick for the last 3 days and have been coming by constantly to see if I'm better.

In reality, I woke up on the floor of a hotel room Tuesday because I had been partying with my dj friends for the past weekend until yesterday.

 




 Cunt punt! Cunt punt! 




 All for Silas! 




 I just checked. He's telling the truth. 




 I'd rather get my teeth drilled than listen to dubstep. But thanks. 
























 Not with that attitude. 




 Download viber 




 Tacos. Tacos any day and every day. 




 www.meatspin.com 




 Plot twist: OP does not work in a dental office. 




 Wait, why are you mentioning Serato? Hook the cdj up to the laptop to load songs from rekordbox.  




 As low as your standards will go, I suppose.

Also, /r/beatmatch 




 I thought you just had to hook one cdj to the other, then hook the second to the computer? 




 1. Spend all your free time honing and perfecting your skills.

2. Blow all your hard earned cash on gear and tracks.

3. Attend lots of local events and gain a humble following. Okay, well not a "following," but people might say they've "heard of" you.

4. All your years of hard work and dedication have paid off and you KNOW that you're better than most big djs you see.

5. Fail to get any gigs and become bitter and jaded. 




 Drugs 




 if you are characterizing it like that, what *does* suck?  when would it be correct to use that word?

When referring to OP's mom. 




 I have a grumpy cat mug with the word "No" on it. 




 Would the bird that got swallowed not be able to peck its way out? 




 If you have to bend over at all, then the table is too low. If standing, you should be able to touch your set up while your back is fully erect. Being hunched over will cause back, neck and shoulder pain, as you've described.

 




 M'iscarriage 




 _

 




 Very accurate depiction of what I observe on a daily basis. I'm from the newest generation of workers, fresh out of college with a results oriented culture and I work at a government agency where there's a lot of bureaucracy.

People are lazy, incompetent, and inefficient. It's just the culture here. I tried to outshine other peers when I started here but it was met with a negative response. I was seen as over stepping my bounds. It's all about seniority here. It's not about how much work you do but about how long you've been here.

 




 Proctology 




 "It's the fucking Catalina wine mixer!" POW POW 




 Not at all. My remark was just about jack stands being unnecessary for a tire replacement. 

I know people who have died because they didn't use jack stands while underneath a car. It's not pretty. 




 I think you missed the point. The original post was about replacing a flat tire. Most people would just use the car jack. Using a jack stand to replace a flat shouldn't be necessary since you shouldn't be under the car while replacing a flat anyway.

Any time you are underneath the car, it is crucial to use jack stands. 




 While replacing a flat on the side of the road? 




 Plot twist: they're all dead. 




 You know how I know that you work at a big firm? Because you use dated business jargon like "mission critical." ;)

Edit: not sure what's up with the down votes. I thought the winky face smiley made it clear that it was a light hearted dig. I guess it hit a sore spot, you turds. 




 Sir Meowington 




 Well aware ;) 




 So a lesbian trapped in a man's body. 




 Because on certain other months, I don't drink beer! Haha. Sorry for the lame answer, but it's just my way of limiting beer consumption. 2 months no beer, 1 month beer, repeat. 




 Gin   tonic is my friend. I love beer but I only drink beer on certain months. 




 I prefer the "Family Van"

2 in the front, 5 in the back. 




 Is this the site that the one guy made that so called "hacked" the system to find the cheapest flights? 




 Wearing your gym uniform. Usually a t shirt and gym shirts 




 No. If your purpose is to waste time, and someone's post wastes your time, then you've achieved your goal.

 




 I hope they get this working for Stephen Hawking soon. 




 Let the dumber people get the grades they deserve. You're only doing a disservice to yourself, and society as a whole, when you help dumb people misrepresent their qualifications. 




 I don't mind when they screw up either. We're all humans and can't be perfect. I mind when the dj is obviously too shitfaced to play properly. 




 I heard that if you put cardboard cut-outs on a toy train set and play Christmas music, it also deters burglars. 




 I'm not sure if he's an alcoholic but, living the life of a super star dj, it's hard to turn down all the freebies offered back stage. 




 Solid advice here. 




 You know he's mixing live because he consistently screws up. I'm sure being drunk all the time contributes as well. 




 YouTube, but you would have to convert your music file into a movie file in order to upload it. 




 Right there with you. But man is it "heavy." 




 I still have some kikwear jeans with 40" leg holes. 




 Well, I mean, I just left them in there.I never used them. 




 http://imgur.com/UW3P4a5 




 I do 




 Chicken satay

Shrimp curry

Duck salad

Siam seafood

Fried whole fish


Plenty of other lo carb choices there. 




 Thanks for the info. This comment should be number 1. 




 Hey, you might as well enjoy your vices, but in moderation. 




 I limit myself to drinking only on the weekends (2 days). So I don't keep track of my carbs very closely on those days. 

I figure if I'm going to drink I might as well enjoy myself. Sorry, I don't have any accurate numbers for carb comparison for you.

I did a Google search and for 12oz of St. Bernardis I'm seeing 20-30g of carbs. That's no where near the 3g of carbs from Michelob ultra, but the choice for me is piss water vs. something I like to drink.

Edit: I scanned the bar code on a 12oz shock top just for fun. My fitness pal lists the following: 168cal, 15g carbs, 2g protein. 




 I'd like to offer an alternative train of thought. 

I drink beers with the highest alcohol content I can find. Gulden Drak, St. Bernardis ABT. 12, Delerium Tremens, La Fin Du Monde, are a few of my favorites.

They are all close to 9-10% abv. I would rather drink less beer with higher alcohol content than drink low carb beer, but end up drinking more. Added benefit, the beers are much better tasting and because I'm drinking less fluid overall, I feel less bloated. 




 My dj name is my real name. 




 Thanks. I figured I should eat more since, on my last set, sometimes, I'm really gassed. But I know it's not muscle failure because I've completed a higher number of sets before with little difficulty. 




 Thanks for taking the time to respond.

To answer your question about my goal weight. At 164lbs with 18% bf I have about 29lbs of fat. At my GW of 160lbs with 12% bf, I'll have about 19lbs of fat.

So my transition from 164lbs to 160lbs would involve losing fat at the same time, gaining muscle. Not a huge weight difference but my body composition would change. 




 Sounds like you've been slapped on the head too many times. 




 Hello, I've been doing keto for about 2 months now and have stumbled upon /r/ketogains 

I'm trying to get some more muscle definition and size but I'm unsure if my current method is the most efficient.

Right now, I'm working out about 4 days a week (mostly lifting). I'm on a 18% calorie deficit. I've noticed some size and definition but from reading around, I can only surmise that this may be "noob gains." 

It makes sense to me that in order to gain muscle, you have to eat more calories than you expend, so those calories can go towards muscle growth (to put it in very simplified terms, I know it's more complicated than that).

I noticed also though, that I've begun to plateau as far as seeing the quick results as I did from the beginning. Can I have some feedback? I'm worried if I eat at a surplus, I will gain fat as well (along with muscle, hopefully).

Is it possible to lose fat and build muscle while on a caloric deficit? Or should I bulk and then cut?
---
*Generated by [Keto Calculator](http://keto-calculator.ankerl.com) 8.5*

27/M/5'11" | CW 164 | 18% BF | Mostly sedentary | GW 160 @12%BF

* 1710 kcal Goal, a 18% deficit. (1288 min, 2085 max)
* 30g Carbohydrates
* 110g Protein (81g min, 134g max)
* 128g Fat (81g min, 169g max)

----
 




 Try adding some chopped green onions/scallions for extra flavor. 




 Sounds like a headache if you break up. 




 Ha! I don't even read the titles of posts. I just go into them. 




 More than you can afford, pal! 




 Yo momma so:

- fat, that when she hauls ass, she has to make 2 trips.

- stupid, she sits on the tv and watches the couch

- dumb, she threw a rock at the ground and missed.

- stupid, she stole free samples. 




 Be not fat. 




 Heavy cream beat into scrambled eggs. Best eggs ever. 




 

but given the nature of her work, she more than likely has dudes pounding her inbox, so we will see.

_ 




 He ded 




  mostly relevant 
























 Fat cat, you say? 









 Prefect meal for later 




 That's not it? 




 Come on Jacky boy, we go a go. 




 ITT, redditors have girly hands.

Maybe the girl just works out. 




 He's 19. I'm going to guess, no. 




 I had an ex do me one better. We had a birthday, anniversary, Christmas happening 3 consecutive months. 

I bought her a flatscreen tv, 2 purses (LV   Coach), a bed room set, took her on a snowboarding trip to mammoth, bought her full snowboard, boots, bindings, clothing for the trip. 

She waits until after NYE to break up with me because we had plans to go to Vegas.

I spoke with a close friend after, who told me my ex was cheating on me for about a year, but my friend didn't want to say anything to me because she thought I looked happy, and she didn't want to be the one to break up a happy relationship.

Yay me. 




 Americans are terrible at geography. 




 I have a few British friends and at first I would talk politely with them and, to me, it would sound like they were being polite with me.

But they would laugh to themselves at certain things they would say. Or after I said certain things.

After a while I came to realize that they were making fun of me and I had not even realized it. The sarcastic fucks! 

Some of the slang they used were unfamiliar to me, so that could have made things more difficult for me to understand.

Needless to say, we get along better, but I know them for the sarcastic, wankers they really are. 




 OP, we found the culprit. 




 Came here, saw the comment, and face palmed. 




 I'm sorry 




 [Business time?](https://youtu.be/AqZcYPEszN8) 




 Anthony Bourdain 




 Working out produces an increase in testosterone. Maybe your girlfriend can smell it and it turns her on. 

-My very unscientific bro science explanation that I pulled out of my ass 




 RIP in pieces inbox? 









 If it's Facebook official, then yeah. It's real. 




 People cheating on each other. It happens all the time. Get over it. 

If someone cheats on you and you don't like it, that's the best reason to find someone else.

Humans weren't made to be monogamous.

(Flame suit on) 




 He's lost his touch" the cdjs though.  




 Hey, they still have to sell tickets. These bigger names are obviously more well known which means they have a bigger fan base. Even if that fan base has only "heard of" them.

I'm sure there will be some proper underground djs there as well, but they definitely won't be announced with these "headliners." 




 Quit being so jaded. I'm jaded as fuck and so far, I think the lineup is good. No misses yet. 




 If you can get a used SX for $600, it's a good deal.

I'd spring for an SX2 if it's not too much more. The colored pads help tremendously when it comes to quickly accessing hot cues. 




 Baby opens door and falls out. Random person sees it and puts the baby back in. 









 Just reading some of the responses here, your question has already been answered. 

You will not be able to buy good speakers for $200. 

Even though the majority of responses say that quality speakers will cost more, you refuse to accept that truth.

If you want to spend bottom dollar, then just go do it. No need to ask for advice if you're not going to take it.

Not trying to be a dick, just trying to make you realize that you asked a question and you refuse to accept the answer because it wasn't the one you're looking for. 




 So did he slay that or what? 




 Thatsthejoke.jpeg 




 Computer porn.  




 That restaurant really looks like a public restroom. 




 I'm not sure. I've only used a friend's set up once. 




 I came here to suggest this. /u/Nukemi

By far the easiest option that would provide you with hundreds of thousands of songs. And it's relatively inexpensive. 

You can take any and all song requests all night.

Things you need:

- Djay app 

- Spotify premium

- Apple computer or laptop

- Reliable internet connection

- Compatible hardware controller

If you already have cdj 2000nxs and a mixer, you're good to go. If not you can buy an inexpensive controller, like the Pioneer DDJ-WeGO3 which is about $300. (You can always return it after the gig)

Good luck and have fun! Remember, the night isn't about you or your ability to dj, it is about the bride   groom, and what their guests want to hear. 




 In the heat of the moment, all that rational thinking goes out the window. 




 Try this shit in the hood and you'll get your head stomped in. 




 ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY? 




 Carbs one meal is not going to kill you.

On the other hand, if they're a close friend, I don't see why explaining that you don't eat carbs would be a big deal. 




 We did it Reddit! 




 Is that chicken fresh or frozen? 




 The SX is a great unit but you'll need to spin from a laptop with Serato. You can't use rekordbox with the SX.

The CDJs can be used stand alone with a mixer.

So consider that. 




 3 pinches of salt = 1 dash 




 Fuck the trees, I'll take the $10k 




 I don't know man. Because we're jaded trance fags who well argue about anything. 




 Time and Space was at a beach in Mexico. Serenity Gathering was a weekend rave in the mojave desert. Not sure what your definition of a festival is. Sorry that these parties aren't by mainstream promoters. 




 Defcon's subliminal message

Pulsar pres. Astrometric

Underground heroes Ascension

Love Party

Serenity Gathering

Time and Space

Vangar pres. Sensory Sessions

Pulsar pres. Nebula




  - There, you happy? 




 Rekt 




 9/10 people approve of gang bangs. 




 Tons of underground trance festivals. Just because they aren't mainstream doesn't mean they don't exist. 




 You name all these sub genres, then you say there hasn't been an all trance festival.

0_o 




 Please name 1 all trance festival in the US then

I'm waiting to see the lineup for this. I don't think "trance" means what you think it means to insomniac. 




 first trance festival in the US

Lol wut 




 Beach side in November? 




 This has got to be one of the top reposts. Or I have deja vu. 




 That's not how that works. 









 Half life 4 confirmed 




 OP has never driven past a car dealership before. 




 Was expecting an ass spanking. I'll see myself out. 




 Yet OP mentioned that he liked Armadillo by Solis   Sean Truby.

That song is pretty orchestral and cheesy. 




 I'm confused. You don't like cheesy and you don't like 140. 




 Hold my Chinese finger trap that I have attached to my penis, I'm going in. 




 Those eyes...they've seen a lot of shit. 




 Why, are you running out of ideas for your dungeon slaves OP? 




 Dogs live everyone's dreams. 

To be able to lay around all day, getting fed, having people pick up your poop, being able to lick your balls. And never having to worry about paying a bill. 




 If that's the case, then there are actually more families being created. 




 Dane Cook

Carlos Mencia

Aziz Ansari 




 Someone needs to turn this cat into a hipster. 




 Lay on your back, feet flat on the ground and knees in the air. Then raise your hips up. 

Or, lay on your stomach and lift your leg up. Keep your leg straight.

You should feel your glutes flexing while doing both of these motions. 




 What's the point of having a big ass lawn like that? (Can you tell I live in California?) 




 Unsubscribe 




 Much card. So celebratory. Wow. 




 For the next one, you need redditors to send picture proof. Erect penis next to a ruler. 

Edit: Jesus Christ. I never knew an off handed comment about penis would garner so many responses. 8=====D 




 I'm going to go next year. 
























