 Happy reddit Birthday iglooman 




 Update 0436 PDT: Both crew members have been safely recovered. 




 correction: ... *was* to new iPad buyers 




 Link to Tsunami arrival times for various cities on the U.S and Canada west coast: 
http://wcatwc.arh.noaa.gov/2011/03/11/lhvpd9/07/webetalhvpd9-07.txt 




 Happy Reddit Birthday! 




 I think the special prices are relative to the monthly prices, not relative to the one year price. You get a savings on the one, two or three year prices if you use any of the monthly prices as your reference. 




 It may be photoshopped but funny nonetheless 




 These were also the first two points of Tyler's UCLA career. 




 Particles from the sun, such as those from a solar flare, travel much slower than light and therefore the delay. 




 The article loses credibility when the title states "... Should Hit Early Tuesday Morning (2/13/2011)"  Tuesday is not 2/13. 




 Not really.  The difference between a hard drive and a solid state drive is more than semantics.  They are physically quite different approaches to storage.  I'm betting it's an error in the ad. 




 Exhume?  I think we should just leaved this one buried. 




 Anyone notice the 32GB hard drive in the Best Buy ad?  *Hard Drive* ... really? http://www.bestbuy.com/site/Motorola+-+XOOM+Tablet+/+NVIDIA+Tegra+Processor+/+10.1%22+Display+/+1GB+Memory+/+32GB+Hard+Drive+-+Licorice/1946179.p?id=1218305636450 skuId=1946179 st=xoom cp=1 lp=1 




 You took it up a notch with the incorrect spelling as well - two kittens get punched. 




 I tip my hat to you sir/ma'm - well done. 




 True, but receiving stolen property is a crime if you know it was stolen.  




 The make-up looks more like a mask. 




 In terms of solar masses, the MW black hole is not 1,000 but 4,000,000.  The article states the M87 black hole 6.6 billion solar masses, while the MW black hole is 4 million solar masses.

6.6 billion / 4 million = 1650 so the M87 black hole is a 1650 times more massive than the MW black hole.

 




 The existence of anti-matter has been proved by many experiments. Scientists generate and measure anti-matter particles every day in particle accelerators. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antimatter 




 mr_lightswitch is correct, I should have stated "... over a thousand times more massive that the Milky Way's central black hole" 




 Thank you! Up vote. 




 See comment from Zephir_AWT: 
http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/ez3bt/identification_of_supermassive_black_hole_in/ 




 Too late, I closed my account with B of A 15 years ago.  The reason? They said my account was overdrawn.  I checked my account balance and had more than $2K in it.  I called them up and they said, oh sorry we made a mistake.  Two weeks later same thing happened so I went into the branch.  They looked up my account and said, now Mr. Sheridan, we've had this conversation with you before and this is becoming a recurring problem.  I said, no shit, this is a recurring problem. Now close my account and give me my balance right now. They finally realized there was a different Mr. Sheridan whose account was overdrawn.  It was disturbing they couldn't even keep the accounts of two people with the same last name straight.   




 The article should have said the Tesla is using two Tegra 2 chips, one for the infotainment and navigation information for the screen and the other for the instrument cluster. 




 Ted is on WCNI radio and got an offer to work for Cleveland Cavaliers and a house.  w00t!
http://www.wnci.com/main.html 




 Notice he doesn't sit in it. 




 Yes I am aware this sub is for technology.  I also posted this to Science, which is where it probably belongs, but alas no comments.   




 A better shot  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVyLuosZ1rY 




 A better shot  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVyLuosZ1rY 




 Good to see we have an active subreddit here and thanks for the advice.  I think I'll steer clear for the time being unless I watch something I must post.  Then I'll post and stay confined to responses to avoid spoilers. 

By the way, just noticed the up/down votes are knives ... nice. 




 Yeah, is that fairly recent?  I don't remember so many ads on physorg. 




 Well, at least up to a mass of 3.54.5 TeV for a range of theoretical models that postulate extra dimensions. Those were the ones that bothered me most. 




 Good catch. 




 Actually she stole it from the restaurant who stole it from George Burns.  So there's plenty of blame to go around.  But yes, I should have given Lindsay credit. 




 Good night. 




 Best tweet I've seen recognizing Leslie's humor from @Lons: "Leslie Nielsen died today at a Florida Hospital. It's a big building with doctors and patients, but that's not important right now. RIP." 




 And why the heck do they need to demonstrate that old technology to bring them back? 




 Yeah, not sure how the heat is dissipated with that approach.  The foam would seem to be a good insulator. 




 Buzz does look pretty proud of himself. 




 Yeah, kind of a 90's thing to do for a company that's supposed to represent the future. 




 Where's the Digg button on this article? ;-) 




 to whom *does* this apply? Everyone 




 Here are additional details:
http://ltgenpanda.tumblr.com/post/1403230157/did-digg-game-its-own-system-to-benefit-publisher 




 Agree - it's an improvement 




 I'll say 




 I think it's just poor graphsmanship 




 Hmm, there seems to be a missing comment. 
Wonder why it's not there? 




 and here's the making of Dot
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTbzSiwbRfg 




 searched for it and couldn't find a previous post 




 Yea, Molly and Tom made a great tech pair. 




 I feel for your pain living near LA. 




 "At the moment, it is necessary to consider that once installed in the console the PS Jailbreak cannot be removed." 




 Thank you for the translation SpyRaven. 




 More content. 




 Evo vs. iPhone - nice. 




 Here's the original story:  
http://www.siliconvalley.com/ci_15773966?nclick_check=1 




 Favorite line from the doctor: "Do you know what it's like to be around these people?  It's pretty f ^*ing annoying." 




 Best line: I need to create a way to blog that is as random and incoherent as writing on a bathroom wall. 




 His first meal in the hospital contains peas. Someone at that hospital has a sense of humor. 




 I am shocked ... simply shocked! 




 Example 2:  The cones on the engine inlets moved in and out to account for the shock wave developed by traveling multiple times the speed of sound. Without this feature the engines' compressors would stall at high mach numbers due to lack of airflow into the engine. 




 Impressive aircraft in many respects.  Example 1: It was designed to leak fuel while on the ground (ok, maybe they couldn't help this) then seal itself as thermal expansion of joints took effect when the aircraft came up to temperature due to heating from air friction at operational speeds. 




 Yea, but eventually he does answer that it took well over a hundred shots. 




 Don't feel bad - this guy has been compared to Einstein. 




 Black   White Cat: If you hit it hard enough it'll stop! ... White   Brown Cat: No, you have to cajole these things. 




 No 




 Yea, and one more childhood edit (depending on how old you are) ... the USSR no longer exists.
 




 Yea, I think it's him
http://www.appelbaum.net/ 




 Can someone please confirm if this is really Jacob Appelbaum's Twitter feed?
http://twitter.com/ioerror 




 Apparently you don't see the number of down votes you're receiving and recognize you're way off base, at least with respect to leading scientific theories.  

Maybe you're starting your own dark matter theory here on Reddit.  If it blows your dress up, go for it. 




 Once you create a facility that deep, you get multiple uses since many experiments are corrupted by cosmic rays. The mine is used to detect muons (product of cosmic ray collisions), neutrinos and dark matter.   




 I've stopped trying to figure out the rationale for up vs down votes. 




 Not to be argumentative, but dark matter is not the same as a black hole, at least according to the leading theories.  Dark matter appears to be more or less uniformly distributed within each galaxy, not necessarily between the galaxies and not tied up in individual localized black holes.  It is affected by gravity but not other forces such as electromagnetism.  Therefore dark matter is gravitationally attracted to galaxies as is ordinary matter.  

Dark matter is the only explanation scientists have for the orbital velocities of galaxies in clusters and the rotational speed of individual galaxies (spinning on their own axes).  Without the extra unseen mass explained by dark matter, galaxies would not behave as they do as they spin.

The vast majority of the dark matter in the universe is believed to be made up of nonbaryonic particles, and thus not formed out of atoms and not wrapped in the confines of black holes.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_matter 




 Now that wasn't called for. 




 Ok, here's a link to a site with minimal ads:  
http://cnettv.cnet.com/caught-tape-whale-crashes-boat/9742-1_53-50090678.html 




 Wonder how much Red Bull Felix is downing before he steps out of the capsule? 




 Downloading a PDF without warning? ... Not cool!
cubeeggs - Has anyone told you that PDFs can be fairly easily exploited?
Bad web behavior. 




 At the rate it is traveling (~17 km/sec) it will take Voyager about 60 billion years to arrive at Andromeda, our nearest galaxy at a distance of about 2 million light years.  Keeping in mind our entire universe is a only ~13 billion years old, it is doubtful the sun and earth, let alone the human race, will even exist if/when it arrives.  Doesn't sound like a practical solution. 




 Agreed 




 I see 




 I don't know about that.  You can't ask a book a question and get a direct answer, even if through a mechanical sounding voice. 




 Here's a link to the video the viewers in the U.K. saw on the ITV HD channel:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bz6vxPkMR0 




 Here's a link to the video viewers in the U.K. saw on the ITV HD channel.  

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bz6vxPkMR0 




 I second The Elegant Universe recommendation.  

A couple others I recommend are 'The Fabric of the Cosmos: Space, Time, and the Texture of Reality' by Brian Greene and 'Black Holes and Time Warps: Einstein's Einstein's Outrageous Legacy' by Kip Thorne 




 reddit FTW! 




 Wow, great collection of photos.  Thanks! 




 I wouldn't rule out HDTV just yet.  The technology has caught on enough that sales overtook SD in 2008 
http://broadcastengineering.com/news/hdtv-sales-overtake-sd-models-1110/

I may be a bit biased here but unless you're watching an SD YouTube or other web vid or an oldy, HD is clearly better than SD.  Aspect ratio alone makes a statement on the screen, let alone resolution.  And 5.1 rocks! 




 nice 




 By "accepts wind from any direction" I mean from any direction in the horizontal plane, not from above or below.  This is true because the device is circularly symmetric so wind striking it from N, S, E or W will have the same affect on the turbine's rotation. 




 Yea, would like to see some numbers.  The best we have to go on is "... final costs of about $1.50/watt rated output, which is roughly 2/3 the cost of comparable bladed units."  Not a huge improvement but significant enough to pursue if it can be put to practice. 

I don't think the bladeless turbine needs a swivel base since it accepts wind from any direction unlike a bladed turbine - another advantage for the bladeless design. 




 Better coverage here 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lC2oArZP8wg 




 Article says the series starts in May in the U.K., but in the U.S. it begins tonight on the Discovery channel.  The documentary is technically called 'Into the Universe with Stephen Hawking.' 




 Wow, I'd give 5 up votes if I could.  I submitted a link about the photos but this video is simply spectacular!   




 Good link. Yet another source for layman's physics info. 




 Thank you for that explanation.  Another response from an expert - two for two today.

Follow up question to your statement that we can measure dark energy.  How is that done?  Is the estimate based on the acceleration of the universe's expansion or some other method?   




 Wow, a response from an expert - thank you.  

Do you think the same is true with dark energy, that is no connection with hidden dimensions? 




 Thank you for the correction.  Wikipedia confirms you are correct
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apollo_13 




 Yes because it is one more step to help industry move toward html5 - a move that will be good for all of us independent of Apple or the iPad. 




 HTML5 will make Flash obsolete - just a matter of time. 




 Live webcast at http://webcast.cern.ch/lhcfirstphysics/ 




 Los Alamos National Lab also trained bees for the same task: 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_T7d0bze4kM 




 Other articles:
http://www.techeye.net/hardware/invisage-claims-quantum-dots-will-revolutionise-digicams

http://www.pr-inside.com/invisage-unveils-quantumfilm-image-sensors-r1787800.htm

http://www.nanowerk.com/news/newsid=15435.php 




 Actually if you consider both Northern and Southern hemispheres each have a Vernal and Autumnal equinox, just 180 deg out of phase with each other, the article is correct in saying the Vernal equinox happens twice each year.  




 Correction, GMT-7 not GMT-8, at least for the next couple weeks until the rest of the world goes onto daylight savings time.  I really hate that the U.S. decided to mess around with the daylight savings time dates. 




 The article is a bit misleading when it says the Vernal equinox occurs twice a year.  Actually an equinox occurs twice a year but one is the Vernal and the other is the Autumnal.  They sort of clear it up in the last part of the sentence when they mention both. 




 You are correct but the planned shut down won't be for a while.  In a couple weeks they will start slamming the beams together to achieve 7 TeV collisions and keep that up for 18 - 24 months.  After the 7 TeV tests they plan to shut LHC down for a year or more. They need the break to complete repairs for an electrical failure that occurred in 2008 and to prepare the collider for the maximum 14 TeV collisions.  That'll be when the real sparks fly. 




 Have you switched from a Mac to a PC or are you limited to using a PC in this case?  When it comes to video editing you can't get much easier than a Mac. 




 This report claims fat is a sixth taste separate from umami. 




 That is sufficiently close to sunset for the satellite to still be in view of the Sun and then pass into the Earth's shadow. 




 CliffDropOver is correct.  Eventually the satellite will pass into the Earth's shadow and appear to fade away.  How close in time to sunset/sunrise were you when you saw the satellite fade? 




 Oh, thanks for the clarification. 




 By the way, reddit put the NSFW tag on the link so they would seem to agree. 




 Some companies do not allow nudity of any form to appear on company owned computers, no matter the context.  I agree the subject should be ok for a work environment, but the photo may not be.  I don't make the rules but often have to follow them. 




 This is fairly recent (see link below).
Albert Einstein is the name of a prestigious position at Princeton. Steinhardt is the "Albert Einstein Professor in Science" at Princeton. It's a position of honor. 




 Not sure this is the article grrow was referring to but it's close enough. 
http://www.wired.com/science/discoveries/news/2008/02/qa_turok 




 No one has mentioned security yet. OSX has security vulnerabilities just like any OS, but Apple does not respond to these vulnerabilities as quickly as they should. Microsoft has shown an increased vigilance that Apple could learn from. Because Apple has enjoyed decades of small percentage market penetration theyve lulled themselves into thinking theyre more secure, but its really because they havent been attacked. The numbers are growing dramatically, and in my view it's simply a matter of time before the Mac OS experiences a big time hack. This is from a Mac fan boy. 




 I believe you are correct.  The sun is much larger with respect to the planet sizes than shown at any of the planet scale slider settings.  Also the planets are much too large in relation to their orbit sizes when the setting is at 1.0. 




 If so, God help us. 




 I am an electrical engineer and of all the classes I had at the undergraduate level, thermodynamics was the worst.  I could relate entropy to chaos but I couldn't translate the concept to "practical" problems. I'll never forget the problem: "A drop of rain falls from the sky into the ocean.  Does the entropy of the universe increase or decrease?" I had the class for 10 weeks and still couldn't get the answer to make intuitive sense.   




 I believe a photon is a fundamental quantum particle - doesn't break down any further (at least with today's physics). 




 nice 




 Couldn't agree more.  My wife and I who are both Apple fans bought one.  Weren't satisfied with its restrictions so we hacked it with ATVFlash to get more control and access of media not on iTunes.  Hack was too quirky and unreliable so we sold the AppleTV after a couple months and bought a Mac Mini instead.   We realized we needed a much more open media center, not a device that operates through iTunes like a big iPod (or should I say iPad?) 




 I like your take on this and have changed my mind.  U.S. broadband speeds are not shameful, just disappointing.  But I can (and obviously will) live with it.  We are fortunate to live in the times we do. 




 Magnetism is a subcomponent of light.  Light is an electromagnetic (electric + magnetic) phenomenon where both are intimately and orthogonally coupled.  So yes, the effect of magnetism travels at (not less than) the speed of light.

The answer to your question is yes, the other magnet would continue to repel for the time it took light (electromagnetism) to travel the distance between the two magnets. 




 Yes it's much more practical and economical to implement higher speed broadband in smaller countries.  Here's a site to give you a feel for broadband speeds in the U.S. http://www.akamai.com/stateoftheinternet/ 




 Understand and it probably won't come to pass, but look where the U.S. broadband speed currently stands wrt other nations http://www.worldpoliticsreview.com/Images/commentarynews/broadbandspeedchart.jpg 




 here's a better quality video of the same http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsjU0K8QPhs 




 Exactly, I like that a cord is hanging from the metal rod. 




 Yeah, I agree they had no idea what harmful effects x-rays may have had at the time.  But wouldn't she have been a little apprehensive putting her hand under an experimental contraption that allowed her to see her bones through her skin? 




 If you read or hear the words "zero point power", "infinite power" or "generates power indefinitely" your spidey sense should be activated. These would come in handy right now in Haiti but you won't be seeing any of these fictitious devices. 




 Why do I feel apprehensive about pushing that big red Test Me button? 




 Don't they need to address the other end of animals to tackle their aggravation of climate change? 




 Couldn't they have thought of a 10th? 




 I would like to believe this is true but would like to see evidence explaining why the photo shows the ball is moving toward the plate.  Movement is not easily shown by a single still photo. 




 At least Shaq is licensed to carry. 




 I think you are correct and the word was improperly used in the article.   




 Patrick Stewart -- Jean-Luc Picard -- Star Trek: Next Generation -- Science Fiction -- Technology (ok it's a bit of a reach) 




 True, but I'm betting another directive will be issued after this one expires. 




 Yes, that's why I changed the title - it didn't make sense. 




 I searched for Symphony of Science in /r/science before submitting this link and found a link to another YouTube video (http://www.reddit.com/tb/a82cy) but not this one.  What previous old favorite reddit link are you referring to? 




 Good list.  I would add one more priceless twitterer to follow: 
http://twitter.com/shitmydadsays
His bio reads:
* Name Justin
* Bio I'm 29. I live with my 73-year-old dad. He is awesome. I just write down shit that he says.
(He has over 990K followers) 




 Nice 




 Thanks for the link.  Aldrin's quote is summarized here:
"There is a monolith there, a very unusual structure on this little potato-shaped object that goes around Mars once every seven hours. When people find out about that, they are going to say 'who put that there?'. Well, the universe put it there, or if you choose, God put it there." 




 Thanks, now that is helpful.
What did Aldrin have to say about it? 




 That's helpful. 




 So what would cause an optical illusion such as this? 




 I'd go for the PS3.  I watch blu-ray and my son does gaming on the PS3.  It has worked well for over two years for both applications.  

Not sure if anyone has mentioned it here but I believe the PS3 is still the fastest at loading blu-ray disks.  Some players take a long time to load and that can get really annoying. 




 I feel sorry for anyone who invests money in this venture. 




 Might this be the link you were attempting to post?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEheh1BH34Q 




 The angle subtended by the black hole would be minuscule compared to the angle subtended by the massive galaxy, assuming the black hole was about midway between the Milky Way and the other galaxy.  This means the black hole would create a very small area of distortion in the image of the galaxy as viewed by a high power telescope (say Hubble).  Although some of the galaxy's image will be directly blocked (absorbed) by the black hole, much of this dark area will be filled in by light being bent (due to gravitational lensing) around the black hole.   




 Black holes theorized to be at the center of most galaxies are not good candidates for direct observation.  A black hole in the center of a galaxy is obscured by numerous stars, dust and other galactic debris shrouding the center.  That includes the black hole in the center of our galaxy.  Galactic centers are pretty dense areas. 




 I believe we can estimate the mass of a black hole pretty well for the case you give (a binary system containing a black hole and a star) for the reason you stated.  The path of the visible star is affected in a measurable way.  Scientists can estimate the mass of most visible stars pretty accurately based on distance and brightness.  Given the mass of the visible star and the diameter of its rotation around the unseen object (black hole) they can measure the mass of the black hole fairly accurately.  

I may not understand what you're getting with your comment on the "extra gravity".   You may be thinking that dark matter is matter that falls into a black hole?  If so, that is not dark matter.  Scientists theorize that dark matter is generally distributed around the galaxy and is not localized within black holes.  Although any matter can fall into a black hole (dark or energetic) and increase its mass accordingly.  It's all the same to the black hole.  Once it falls in, it is no longer defined as dark or anything else, it's just added mass to the black hole.

Yes, the black hole's event horizon will increase in size as it becomes more massive and this extra mass is quite measurable when the black hole is paired up with a star.  Other methods can be used to measure a black hole's mass such as gravitation lensing.

Another example of matter that interacts very weakly with other matter is the neutrino.  Neutrinos have almost negligible mass, no charge, travel nearly at the speed of light and do not interact with matter (almost). The mass and speed of neutrinos are still not certain and are being investigated. 




 Tyson is using the term "us" loosely.  Dark matter does not interact with us as individuals in a way we can measure directly on Earth.  But it does interact with the rest of our Milky Way galaxy and other galaxies as well as larger structures (galaxy clusters).  Astrophysicists have measured the rotation of these galaxies and stars within the galaxies.  They can't explain how the galaxies' rotations occur when they consider only the visible stars.  Keep in mind the rotation is not just the galaxy as a whole but the rotation rates of stars within the galaxies at varying distance from the galactic center. The only explanation that explains the internal rotations is additional mass distributed in and around the galaxies that cannot be seen (dark) and does not interact with electromagnetic energy.  
 




 Much better video.  Thank you. 




 A solar system reference frame is defined by the Sun not the Earth.  The Earth revolves around the Sun at many thousands of miles per hour.  If the helicopter is fixed with respect to the Sun, the Earth will immediately either slam into it or zoom away from at many thousands of miles per hour (depending on which side of the earth the helicopter is located with respect to the Earth's motion around the Sun) as it revolves around the Sun.  The pilot will either be crushed by the collision or be left in space to suffocate and freeze.  This won't take 12 hours but seconds
 
Did you possibly mean the Earth as the reference frame?  That is the only reference frame where fractions of a day (12 or 24 hrs) come into play. 




 Yes, you can have a point fixed in an expanding universe.   Think of an expanding balloon where the surface of the balloon is the reference frame. As the balloon (universe) expands, the point will expand with it.  Locally it will appear fixed but it will be moving away from other fixed points like points on the balloon's surface.  

You don't need to have a center to have a fixed point.  In this analogy, the balloon's surface has no center (the interior of the balloon is not part of the analogy, just the surface).  The same holds true with the universe. 




 No 




 Your scenario about a "fixed point in space" is ambiguous.  Space has many frames of reference: the earth, solar system, galaxy, galaxy cluster, super cluster and universe.  Each of these "space" reference frames moves at a different speed and rotates (and expands) at a different rate.  So first clarify your reference frame ... do you really mean the solar system or the earth or something else as your reference frame?  The answer to your question depends entirely on your reference frame.

When I think of a "fixed point in space", I think of the universe. 




 When it comes to advancing science at this level we often can't predict what the benefits will be.  Consider when the lasing effect was predicted by Einstein then later confirmed in the 60's through the invention of the laser.  Uses for the laser are almost too many to list but I'm guessing Einstein or the inventor or even the science community at large had no idea what the laser would eventually bring to our world.  
























 No pun intended. 




 I just asked my wife and she said, sure I'd do it.  She is tech oriented but that kind of blew me away. 




 Most impressive is the material from which the mirrors are made and the process used to form/polish the secondary's and tertieary's surfaces.  




 I'd say that's a pretty good estimate.  Imagine a plasma tornado 2 to 3 times the size of the Earth. Kind of makes an F5 Earth bound tornado seem tame. 




 I wonder how accurate and reliable this test is.  Any data available? 




 You can vote here: 
http://www.plutorocks.com/ 




 You can vote here
http://www.plutorocks.com/ 




 Amazing how they captured the crashing sounds of the CME ;-) 




 Well put. 




 I concur with what you're saying, but one point of correction:

 Many particles, such as electrons, are considered "point particles" in that they have zero dimension and take up exactly zero space. They have zero mass as well, and as such, travel at the speed of light.

That is not correct. You may be thinking of a photon. An electron does have mass and does not travel at the speed of light, maybe close but not equal to c.  




 Agreed.  A great many of the empirical tests they ran in '59 would now be run through simulation on a computer. 




 Not sure, but I'd like to know. 




 No, the headline is correct - the first thief reports the (implied second) theft to the police.  Reread the story. 




 I have them an use their color options on occasion.  I agree with Algorab.  The app definitely needs an upgrade.  

I cannot find a way to make the timer in the app be permanently set.  The timer appears to need a confirmation each cycle to retain its on/off timing settings - what good is that?  Anyone have better luck than me with the timer? 




 I don't think a shuttle was docked with the ISS when this photo was taken.  The photo appears to have been taken on 4 Jan 2012 and the last shuttle (Atlantis) docked with ISS on 10 July 2011. http://www.space.com/12230-shuttle-atlantis-space-station-final-docking.html 




 It is the International Space Station (ISS) 




 Wish they'd use the tech more often for Apple events. 




 Although technically not an Apple event, Macworld/iWorld 2013 will be from Jan 31 to Feb 2 in San Francisco.  http://www.macworldiworld.com/ 




 Turns out the Apple/Waze deal is not actually happening.

http://techcrunch.com/2013/01/03/apple-not-buying-waze/
 




 Link to download CarrierEditor app on OS X: http://mcmx.in/carriereditor

After installation, carrier logo update is performed through iTunes. 




 Explains why the airlines treat passengers like sacks of potatoes on flights. 




 CERN, it's time to say you found it. 




 Yeah, that's what you get when you let elementary school students choose the names. 




 Very cool - think I'll just let this one run for a while. 




 According to Flava the amount is fair because the movies in question were downloaded a total of 6,632 times.  




 It represents the search for knowledge, for things larger than ourselves, and for our origins.  Plus the things you find there are just fucking amazing. 




 Correction: Except for the mass that has recently been pulled in from outside of the black hole.  But that is insignificant relative to the mass within the singularity. 




 Yes, all of the mass is located within the singularity, not distributed throughout the black hole. 




 Hey, I didn't even notice - thank you. 




 Note the statement is viewable only by scrolling, resizing the window doesn't do it. 




 Sorry, take off.  And the time has been jumping around.  Take off now scheduled for 10:00 am EDT. 




 Fantastic shot.  What camera did you use? 




 Couldn't quite understand you - think your tongue was in your cheek. 




 His tweet: https://twitter.com/WilliamShatner/status/248580375176163328 




 I went to the site and can not find the post.  I think they took it down. 




 Click the "Show Press Release" button to see more detail.  Note that they start the 3 day trip on Sept 17 when they depart NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida and fly to various areas of the Space Coast, including Kennedy, the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Patrick Air Force Base.  Then on Sept 20, after a few stops, they fly to LA and land at LAX. 




 I enjoy that the manual was created by Captain James Razzi, former Commander of the USS Constellation which was decommissioned in 2003. 




 Here's an example from page 72.  
http://i.imgur.com/XqUqb.jpg 




 If everyone were holding those up to take vid/photos, the subject would not be viewable. 




 It sure is.   




 Link to headphone video that is not private https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVGmOzZyueA 




 good point 




 Unfortunately, C is for Crash. 




 I have observed this with several people.  It's not guaranteed but Apple will usually do this if:
1) you don't lie about the water damage
2) you are polite to the Apple employee 




 Patent filed a year ago, disclosed this morning. 




 I find it very surprising Apple's graphics chipsets don't support H.264 encoding in Macs as late as early 2011 given 1) how firmly Apple supported this standard and 2) the chipset is in iPads but not Macs.  Does Air Parrot perform the same function in software? 




 My favorite equation.  It brings so many mathematical properties together.

https://www.google.com/search?q=9%25+of+69.99 rlz=1C1CHMZ_enUS487US487 sugexp=chrome,mod=11 sourceid=chrome ie=UTF-8#hl=en gs_nf=1 gs_mss=e** tok=HL0G63A1WOteQ3hw8aHVtA pq=1%25%20of%20pi%20x%2010 cp=7 gs_id=5c xhr=t q=e**(i*pi) pf=p rlz=1C1CHMZ_enUS487US487 sclient=psy-ab oq=e**(i*p gs_l= pbx=1 bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.r_cp.r_qf.,cf.osb fp=9bbc30a1cd66fab9 biw=1350 bih=758 




 Favorite part of S05E01: Jesse comes up with the idea to use a magnet.  




 Good question.  I would guess the overall mass of the proton is the determined by the quarks' direct interactions with the Higgs field plus the mass equivalent of the interaction energy between the quarks interacting with the Higgs field.  Otherwise the proton's mass would just reflect the measly sum of the three quarks' mass.   




 Note the comment "all **eligible** Apple products are back on EPEAT."  The intentionally unstated point is that fewer Apple products will be eligible for an EPEAT rating. 




 I have a V shaped scar on my side just below my ribs. Happened when as an 8 year old I was climbing a tree with a friend.  He was out on the end of a branch and i was near the trunk on the same branch.  He climbed out a bit too far and branch gave way. We both fell.  He fell into a mud puddle and I fell onto a wire fence which impaled me in my side.  Luckily no internal organs were damaged but I received 32 stitches in the shape of a V.  I'm amazed I don't have a fear of heights and still like to climb. 




 Ah, I see it is but from another paper (NY Times vs CNN). I checked for the same link before I posted but didn't check for other similar links. My bad. 
 




 Yes it does, but it didn't here. Some people who check the LosAngeles sub reddit may not have visited the other sub reddits that contain this link.  




 Please and fucking don't go together. It's one or the other.  




 Isn't there a K in that? 




 Let's hope he doesn't inadvertently initiate a Facetime session. Would give new meaning to the term. 




 Here's a much less expensive (free) summary.
http://www.popsci.com/science/article/2012-07/cosmology-breakthrough-astronomers-measure-dark-matter-bridge-between-galaxy-clusters 




 I know, the name is misleading.  They are actually a fairly reputable and unbiased source of information. Their reporters have been awarded 7 Pulitzer Prizes over the years and they are known "for avoiding sensationalism, producing a "distinctive brand of nonhysterical journalism". 




 Normally I wouldn't post this, but the WSJ is generally accurate with Apple rumors. 




 I like his delivery style.  Like a big kid who can't quite contain his excitement. 




 Yeah, not much of a surprise. 




 Yes, we're buying them. 




 its not it's

It's confusing because you'd think that you should use the apostrophe for the possessive, but in the case of "it" you shouldn't.  The apostrophe is reserved for the contraction of it is. 




 Check out the D8 interview. My wife attended and during the Q A at 1:26:35 she asked Jobs a good question about DHCP. 
 




 Good answer - thanks. 




 That would make much more sense. 




 That was a request, not a demand. 




 Camera settings were: 200 mm, f/40 1.6 sec, ISO 6400.  I used three layers of 5% visible light transmission window tinting film.  I think that means there was only 0.05 * 0.05 * 0.05 = 0.000125 (0.0125%) transmission.  That would explain why I needed such a high ISO setting and exposure time. 




 The Milky Way looks WAY to small relative to the Earth. 




 Come on people, the clue that he WASN'T talking about L.A. was the term "Midwest".  How often do you hear people refer of the Midwest area of L.A.? 




 Western Canada is in the path of the partial eclipse so at least you get to see something (see animation above). 




 Interesting.  I've tried this with other color balloons and red seems to work best.  Some other colors don't pop at all.  That would imply red absorbs this laser light better than other colors. 




 Electronista has more info on this http://www.electronista.com/articles/12/05/11/domestic.shipments.ups.fedex.unaffected/.  You could be referring to this statement in the article:

"Other countries have less stringent rules allowing cellphone, iPod, and Kindle batteries to be shipped to other countries, yet prohibiting laptop batteries with their larger weight and higher amp-hour ratings." 




 UPDATE: RIM Australia issued a statement this morning May 1 9:20 AM AEST, with Richelle Gillett, Account Director from Spectrum Communications for Blackberry confirming:

We can confirm that the Australian Wake Up campaign, which involves a series of experiential activities taking place across Sydney and Melbourne, was created by RIM Australia. A reveal will take place on May 7th that will aim to provoke conversation on what being in business means to Australians. 




 My wife noticed it while we were catching up on season 6.  She had just interviewed Robert and he showed us the products he's invented.  I wouldn't be surprised if there are other TV commercials of his products on Dexter episodes. 




 Good point, I should've posted that.  Robert was very careful about spoilers. 




 She clearly is a non technical person who should not attempt to convey technical concepts. 




 They have to shut down the LHC every winter because its high energy requirements are not compatible with the sourrounding population's higher energy needs during the winter (i.e. not enough power to do both). 




 Some people don't like Physorg in general. 




 Gotta be an April fools thing. 




 Update: Apple offers refund over Australian 4G iPad confusion   http://www.engadget.com/2012/03/28/apple-offers-refund-over-australian-4g-ipad-confusion/ 




 It's kind of like asking why Meg Whitman isn't more like Steve Jobs. 




 He's dead now. 




 Correction: Should be 64GB, not 32GB 




 Well, about 56% right. 




 ... to you. 




 Here's a video of a Heatmaps interview we did at Macworld 2012.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMjxvQw4ILk 




 I've never seen an auto generated TL;DR.  Is this a new feature of reddit? What initiates an auto TL;DR? 




 Well spoken. Couldn't agree more. 




 Woody Harrelson turned into meme after spectacular social media fail
    
http://news.techeye.net/internet/woody-harrelson-turned-into-meme-after-spectacular-social-media-fail#utm_source=thetecheye utm_medium=twitter utm_campaign=default
 




 spAnser: You were picked up at CNET:  
http://news.cnet.com/8301-17852_3-57359241-71/google-blurs-womans-street-view-pratfall/?tag=mncol 




 Freaking weirdest funeral procession I have ever seen, probably due to North Korean editing. Commentators are over the top with emotion. The background moaning is a bit much and clearly looped. 




 yep 




 The light source in the middle of the Einstein ring is a luminous red galaxy (LRG) as stated in the text, not just a single star.  It looks like a star since it's so far away and all of the stars in the galaxy appear to be collapsed to a single blob. Sniperchild is correct that the galaxy has a black hole in the middle, as almost all galaxies do.   




 ditto 




 A single atom does not have sufficient density to form a black hole because an atom is mostly empty space - very small nucleus surrounded by a relatively large cloud of light electrons. You have to get rid of the electron cloud and compress the nuclei of multiple atoms to get a sufficiently high density. 




 The point of the article is that a mass of 3x the sun is sufficient, but just barely, to form a black hole.  This does not mean that all stars with a mass of 3x that of our sun are or become black holes.  It requires special conditions for a black hole of such a low mass to develop from gravitational collapse of a star.  Also, black holes with a mass much less than our sun are postulated to exist.  These primordial black holes do not form from the gravitational collapse of a star but are remnants from the big bang.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Primordial_black_hole 




 These are pretty cool, but Day 25 with the dual deer heads looks like a law suit waiting to happen. 




 Title should have read "sadly, its 1 of just 11 states to have done so"  




 The videographer shows himself at 2:11 




 http://vimeo.com/30167914 




 ~25 sec into this Youtube video  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyjuoM4pQa4
Two car thieves led Los Angeles police on a bizarre high speed chase that at times was reminiscent of the Keystone Cops. The driver was literally driving in circles around the pursuing cruisers, which made for an entertaining chase at times. (1998) 




 ... but how many of those 155,000 people had the impact on so many people's lives as Steve Jobs. 




 The mom elephant is looking back thinking, what are you laughin' at?  She doesn't look pleased. 




 Try this link http://www.geek.com/articles/mobile/htc-android-phones-leak-personal-data-to-any-app-with-internet-permissions-2011102/ 




 Favorite line: "Where's the bar?" 




 You mean about his Myspace reference? 




 One word: Cajones! 




 Not clear why he would need to be arrested for the investigation, unless he isn't cooperating with the authorities. 




 I believe Vegas is starting to take bets on this one. You could really score big time with this precise knowledge! 




 Well stated.  

I'm convinced that in addition to science   technology influencing scifi, the converse is true as well.  I'd like to think people who make decisions that affect society in significant ways are influenced by the type of messages Star Trek delivers.  But even if not, positive change can come in small ways by people like us. 




 Yeah, I noticed that.  I think his/her thought was in the right place even if the words were not. 




 I hear you. 




 And the white one is still to be released. 




 Had to be said. 




 It's the Lady Gaga iPhone edition. 




 Agreed, and is that a button I see in the upper right? 




 Yes he is - no fluff on what he says. 




 Oh, that's a softball.  Batter up!... 




 Found the resolution  - only 500 x 500.  You can get an enlarged version at 665 x 665 but still poor.   




 Still looking for it.  Will post when I can find it. 




 You're right - we know of no planets within a 100 light years that could support life capable of receiving our broadcasts.

However, SETI isn't about someone else receiving our broadcasts - it's about us receiving someone else's broadcasts.  If some day they are received, those transmissions will likely have been traveling much longer than 100 years. 




 I see that it has been posted elsewhere in reddit, but I don't see it repeated in TechNewsToday.  Did I miss another post? 




 Reminds me of how M-theory is described, but in only 2 dimensions rather than 11. 




 Why would anyone want to do this? 




 We just celebrate ours a bit later
/American
 




 Why do I have the feeling this has a bad ending? 




 Up vote cause I like your podcast (and I was going to post this as well) 




 Yeah, really liked the face plant. 




 link to the reddtor Ellinika's post: 
http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/ipvbd/i_am_currently_holed_up_in_an_apartment_complex/ 




 Thanks for the translation. 




 I think they have a long way to go. 




 "... will make its five-year home in the Earth-Sun L2 Lagrange point ..."  Isn't that where Webb is supposed to park?  Hope they coordinate their parking spots. 




 Sorry about that.  I think that's a limitation of the html5 player. You can download the episode but maybe more of a hassle than it's worth. 




 Comparison of Webb to Hubble http://www.nasa.gov/externalflash/webb_hubble/ 




 Ok, Atlantis is landing (and staying) at Cape Canaveral. 




 Hear, hear! 




 Yep, one of the options they list. 




 Look at the bright side - one big cookie! 




 Yeah, to have that larva pop out of you and survive? ...
That's like having the Alien pop out of your chest and survive! 




 Wikipedia says 23 million light years, so yes this old news ... just new to us. 




 Given that supernova occurred 23 million light years away, that's pretty bright. 




 I was kind of hoping the track was going to be a loop followed by a jump ... wishful thinking from days gone by 




 Faceplant 




 Was it my delivery? 




 Well done! 




 Much better than the alternative http://xkcd.com/695/ 




 I get goosebumps when I see photos like this.  




 http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/sports_blog/2011/05/real-life-iron-man-to-attempt-flight-through-grand-canyon.html 




 http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/sports_blog/2011/05/real-life-iron-man-to-attempt-flight-through-grand-canyon.html 




 http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/sports_blog/2011/05/real-life-iron-man-to-attempt-flight-through-grand-canyon.html 




 That umbrella would be toast if it were a real lightning strike, but it seems to be intact. 




 Tell him to imagine himself poised precariously on a ledge 20 stories above the street. Then tell him he has the potential to release a lot of energy by simply jumping and plummeting to his death. Lots of blood, broken bones and a high probability of losing his life. Where did it all come from? Potential energy that was turned into kinetic energy then impact. Then  ask if he believes in potential energy. 




 Yes, the Very Long Baseline Array is impressive, but it is an interferometer with lots of spatial ambiguity.  This array would yield more of a focused main beam with very low sidelobes.  That is one of the reasons the individual arrays are somewhat randomly rather than periodically placed.  

The toy comparison was a bit charged.  I am completely enthralled by the LHC and can't wait for full power operation.  I was only indicating it is small in size compared to this array. 




 That's like saying "The pixel on a CCD would fit comfortably in this period."  But that's not the entire sensor.  Sure the central region would fit in the LHC, but the entire collection of arrays spans over 3000 km (see the end of the video).  The LHC at about 9 km in diameter is tiny compared to the entire array.  This array would derive its very fine spatial resolution from its large dimension.  That is what makes it impressive, not the central region by itself.  

Admittedly, this array may never be built.  But the scope would be impressive and the performance unprecedented if it were. 




 Our Sun is quite a dynamic star. 




 Yeah, that's annoying.  SAI seems to enjoy spreading these things over many pages, probably to get more hits. 




 Yes, but in addition the odd shaped earth shows the strength of gravity varying around the globe with the yellow and red areas being the strongest and the blue areas being the weakest.  




 ... and it happens to be April 1st in Europe. 
























 Why does it suck?  Is it not accurate?   




 Good explanation, but how does mutual annihilation result in a Higgs boson (vs. two gamma rays)? 




 Bears ... Beets ... Battle Star Galactica! 




 I don't see how this European law can possibly be implemented in a reasonable manner given the number of requests that will eventually be submitted along with their subjectivity.   




 What is dark energy and how does it work? 




 Granted the "dark side" of the moon is an incorrect term (should be far side or opposing side), but it's a term that is generally accepted and understood ... and it makes a great name for an album. 




 Gold is inert to all chemicals it encounters inside the human body, which is probably why it is used in this application. 




 Instead, the [near-infrared laser] light excites the free electrons on the gold nanoparticles and causes them to heat up and generate energy, eventually making the cancer cells to explode.

Your guess is probably correct. The expansion/explosion of the cancer cell is likely caused by liquid within the cell that is heated by the gold particles and turned into vapor. 




 Yes KAM1KAZ3, thanks for the link. 




 Here are the ISP speed ratings from Netflix: 

http://ispspeedindex.netflix.com/usa 




 Link to Street View scene: 
https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@55.973489,-3.172656,3a,75y,50.01h,62.08t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sJdIklfy2tDmAMlP8j6dbmg!2e0 




 Yes. 




 If all else fails, you can watch using Safari on an iOS device running 4.2 or later. 




 Good idea.  Think I'll send him a tweet with that recommendation for when he visits LA. 




 My guess is Apple will be on this very quickly.  It's not good press to let this issue linger. 




 Could it be due to this?

http://www.macrumors.com/2014/05/25/apple-software-update-invalid/ 




 This method may have been used to get in a quick and easy fix without requiring a restart. 




 Thank you very much! 




 Good editing showing the optical sensor scanning the scene to determine a landing location. 




 Brand new look?  Reminds me of 50's SciFi space suits. 




 It depends a lot on what you want to get out of the meet-up, but yes to all of the items you mentioned for Tom's meet-up.  I think this is one of the many methods Tom uses to build a strong community.  For me its a chance to meet and talk with people who are interested in technology.  Generally I find a connection that I didnt expect to make with a few people, and its not always about technology.  That's what makes these meet-ups interesting.  Tom was a very gracious and engaging host and Jennie was very good at introducing each attendee to the group. 

I asked my wife who also attended for her response to your question and this was her reply: 
 
 Definitely meetups are informal and are what you choose to make of them.  Expect to introduce yourself to people and try to find things you have in common. If you go expecting people to start the conversation for you, you may be disappointed. You dont have to imbibe in alcoholic beverages - some will, some wont but its non-discriminatory. 
 
 The subjects in which we engaged last night included:
 
 * Star Trek
 * Captain America/Agents of Shield
 * A guy walked by with an xkcd shirt on so that made for easy conversation
 * Whether to add an SSD to your computer
 * Whos still using XP (through no fault of their own)
 * The future of journalism (and what does it even mean)
 * Youtube subscriptions vs. Podcast subscriptions (and is it too hard) 




 Photo credit to @charltonweb (taken with Glass) 




 Good point regarding the mass of this body more likely putting it in the rogue planet vs. brown dwarf category. It appears the mass threshold for deuterium fusion is not precise and is more of a rule of thumb.  

From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gas_giant:

 The 13 Jupiter mass (MJ) cutoff is a rule of thumb rather than something of precise physical significance. Larger objects will burn most of their deuterium and smaller ones will burn only a little, and the 13 MJ value is somewhere in between. The amount of deuterium burnt depends not only on mass but also on the composition of the planet, especially on the amount of helium and deuterium present.[5] 




 Here's a good diagram showing the closest systems to our Sun including WISE's recent brown dwarf discovery.

http://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/pia18003-full_0.jpg 




 Question: Is it correct to call a prop driven by electricity a jet engine? 




 Any place that has a good, clear view of the southern sky. 




 You can see it on the east coast as well, but pretty early the morning of April 15, ~1:00 - 3:30 am. 




 The point Rene Ritchie is trying to make is *not* that Apple won't have another product that becomes a hit, but that they won't (at least in the near term) produce a product that has dominated the market and their bottom line like the iPhone has. As Rene puts it, 

 But there will be many, many things that, taken together, make the iPhone much more valuable.  




 Mods, please allow this one to remain.  




 Yes, comets travel at very high speeds, but so do all the other bodies in space.  A comet's trajectory can be accurately projected for a rendezvous with a spacecraft, until/unless it comes close to the sun which may change its trajectory.  After a close encounter with the sun (if the comet survives) the trajectory will stabilize and can be recalculated. In any case, it is an impressive feat to land a probe on a comet.

Comets are significant in a few ways.  They contain information that sheds light on the formation of our solar system.  Many scientists believe that comets colliding with the Earth during its formation brought much of the water we have to our planet. There are also theories that comets may have brought life or the building blocks of life to the Earth since organic molecules have been detected in them.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comet 




 Evidence of primordial gravitational waves is the leading contender for the announcement.  
http://www.theguardian.com/science/2014/mar/14/gravitational-waves-big-bang-universe-bicep 




 For a summary of the paper see this article: 

http://phys.org/news/2014-02-massive-neutrinos-cosmological-conundrum.html 




 Astronomers detected an exploding star in the M82 "Cigar" galaxy. It is most likely a Type Ia supernova, but yet to be confirmed. Type Ia supernovas are created when a white dwarf star collects so much matter from a neighbor that it becomes unstable, collapses upon itself and explodes in very predictable manner.  

Type Ia supernovas are used as "standard candles" to measure distances to very distant galaxies and how fast they are receding from us to determine the rate of acceleration of the universe's expansion.  Since M82 is so close, this is one of the rare Type Ia supernovas that can be observed by amateur astronomers. 

Here's a link to a related article in ARS Technica that might load for you: http://arstechnica.com/science/2014/01/astronomers-rush-to-study-new-nearby-supernova/ 




 No announcement or release of a 4K Apple display? Apple has a prime opportunity here. 




 Oh thephantom, you haven't heard of the emerging Big Band model where various states of matter and energy are represented by harmonics produced by a large collection of saxophones, trumpets and trombones? 




 Here's an article on the exoplanet discovery that's a bit easier to digest:

http://www.geek.com/science/new-impossible-exoplanet-is-11-times-heavier-than-jupiter-1578981/ 




 Ooh, that is interesting.  CNET changed the article since my original post but didn't note their edit.  I (and CNET) stand corrected. 

Edit: CNET did acknowledge their edit: 
Updated at 9 p.m. PT to correct that the company has ceased sales of the testing kits. 




 No, it's the other way around. They have stopped selling the kits (to comply with demands made by the FDA) but will continue to provide analysis results. 




 Read replies above to the same question. 




 Tom has tweeted that he will not continue with FrameRate. 




 Tom's "replacement" will be Mike Elgan.
http://twit.tv/2013/12/05/changes-twit-part-2 




 The post from Leo stating his decision to let Tom go was from today.  Tom will remain with TWiT/TNT until the end of December. 




 Well stated Bishma. 




 Here's a more technical explanation of ISON's fate.  
http://www.isoncampaign.org/potw-dec02

Bottom line is that ISON was sheared into smaller pieces as it passed through the Sun's corona.  Although some of the larger pieces could be seen exiting the corona, those pieces continued to evaporate/disintegrate (still pretty hot there) and nothing sufficiently large to observe as a comet now remains. 




 Now behind a paywall. Any other sources? 




 Two fairly good articles below:

http://earthsky.org/space/big-sun-diving-comet-ison-might-be-spectacular-in-2013
http://www.cnn.com/2013/11/29/us/ison-comet/

Summary: it appears some piece(s) of ISON survived, but how much of it survived and how bright it will be is unknown. 




 I'm curious, what browser and version are you running? 




 Good on ya Tim Cook. 




 Why am I still not seeing this Google doodle in the US?  Anyone else?

Edit: It finally arrived in the US, two days after New Zealand. 




 Is the Doctor moving to the location you've selected?  If not, select a square you want the Doctor to move to.  If there are no blocks, gaps or robots in the way, once a square is selected and outlined in yellow, he will move to it.  If there are obstacles, you need to manipulate the game using the available levers/knobs to make a continuous path. 




 And this was live test 6.  Doing it once is impressive, but six times? 




 And this was live test 6.  Doing it once is impressive, but six times? 




 GOCE is expected to begin disintegrating at an altitude of about 80 km.

http://www.spaceflightnow.com/news/n1311/10goce/#.Un_ztJQadzs 




 Here's another site that offers satellite tracking info, including for GOCE.  

http://www.satview.org/decay.php

At this moment in time GOCE's altitude is 138.7 km and falling.  Projected to re-enter between 1:30 pm and 7:00 pm EST today. 




 That's a good point aero_space.  As orbital decay gets going in earnest, the orbital prediction will become increasingly less accurate. 




 Hmm, still working for me at this link: 
http://www.foxnews.com/science/interactive/2013/11/08/track-europe-falling-2000-pound-satellite-in-real-time/

Possibly a location dependent block? 




 The odds (as of Saturday morning) on the GOCE satellite crashing down on different continents according to British gaming company Ladbrokes:

North and South America: 6/4

Russia and Asia: 2/1

Africa: 4/1

Europe: 5/1

Australia: 10/1 




 The odds (as of Saturday morning) on the GOCE satellite crashing down on different continents according to British gaming company Ladbrokes:

North and South America: 6/4

Russia and Asia: 2/1

Africa: 4/1

Europe: 5/1

Australia: 10/1 




 I'm completely sold on it.  For me it's been very reliable.  I feel more secure now that I use a passphrase (e.g. for unlocking after restart or changing security settings) rather than a four digit passcode.  I want all of my future iOS devices to have Touch ID.  I only wish Apple would open up the API to developers.  Maybe over time they will.   




 The link takes you to the answer. 




 I agree with your assessment, but I suspect Sony was not pleased with the outcome. 




 Air is largely composed of Nitrogen (~78%) with most of the remainder being Oxygen. 




 I've had my black leather iPhone 5 case for about a month and it appears to be holding up well, so far. Here's a photo: 

http://i.imgur.com/flItOH0.jpg 




 Huh? 




 A GRB would require the collapsing star be 40 solar masses and meet other special conditions. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supernova 




 We can observe supernovae much more often than once every 50 (or even 30) years, but it's very rare to have one occur within our own galaxy. Which type are you referring to, internal or external to the Milky Way? 




 Let's just hope it's not too close. 




 Wow, that is subtle - didn't notice it.  Thanks! 




 Just noticed the TM rotating arrow still appears during backups in the Finder window sidebar.  Don't always have a Finder window open, but I can adjust.  




 I was mildly distracted when I heard my external drive getting accessed, but this feature helped to nullify the distraction. 




 Currently (as the earnings call occurs) AAPL is down by 2.59% to 516.14 relative to today's close in after hours trading. 




 It's implied given that it's not feasible to determine the mobile phone habits of all children in the world.  Of more significance is the sample size and margin of error.  From the report:
 This report is based on a nationally representative survey of 1,463 parents of children age 8 and under including an over-sample of African-American and Latino parents. The survey was designed by Common Sense Media and conducted by GfK from May 20 to June 12, 2013. ... The margin of error for the full sample is +/- 3.5 
percentage points.  




 Here's a little more info from Fox about the series. 

http://www.fox.com/programming/shows/?sh=cosmos---a-spacetime-odyssey 




 Very well done. 




 Nope, will remove. 




 You don't need to use an Apple thumbdrive.  Any standard 8 GB or larger USB flash drive will work. 




 So Phil Schiller is DM'ing the OP?  Really?  I'd like to see the entire direct message thread including the OP's original message.  This is still not convincing, although I'd like it to be true. 




 Why does this message not show up on Schiller's Twitter feed?  Looks suspicious.  Would be more credible if you posted the link to the tweet rather than an image capture. 




 You can't direct message someone on Twitter unless they follow you (I doubt Phil Schiller follows you) or they enabled the feature to allow DMs from those who don't follow them (I doubt Phil enabled this feature). The fact that your reply has an error shows he doesn't follow you.  Let's see your original DM to Phil where you called him out for saying Black Knight.  




 These directions worked for me:
http://www.gottabemobile.com/2013/10/22/perform-clean-install-os-x-mavericks/

Similar to a Mountain Lion disk image, but a couple differences. 




 Yeah, I first read the title as working on a James Bond submarine car vs. on a working James Bond submarine car. 




 Plus you have to swipe rather than lightly press to get your fingerprint to register. 




 I originally posted this based on a post from Twitter assuming it was true.  Later, based on reading the comments on this post, I did the analysis showing it is not. 




 You can get a free copy of the paper at the prl.aps.org site using this link 
http://prl.aps.org/pdf/PRL/v13/i16/p508_1


Unfortunately Reddit's version of the link doesn't support the pdf download.   




 Ok, I suspected this might not be the F, A, C, E musical notes. Many of your comments motivated me to analyze the notes since I don't have perfect (or even decent) pitch.  See this image for a visual of my analysis: http://i.imgur.com/O8JwHHK.png

Thanks to scottjenson for the Facetime ringtone which I used for this analysis.  

First I copied the ringtone into Garageband to visualize the notes in the time domain.  I suspected the first two notes were different from the rest in timing and pitch (maybe the F and A?).  Garageband showed me the timing of the first two is different, but of course nothing about pitch.  

Now to the frequency domain.  I downloaded a free app called iSpectrum which analyzes sounds played in real time through an audio input to your Mac.  I then played the Facetime ringtone and adjusted iSpectrum to focus on the frequency range from 1.0 kHz to 2.6 kHz.  I used the waterfall display where audio amplitudes (highlighted in magenta) are plotted as a function of frequency in the horizontal axis and time in the vertical axis (similar to what sonar operators use).  You can see I played the ringtone six times.  The magenta highlighted areas on the left are the first two notes (short in duration) and the highlighted areas on the right are the note pairs for the remainder of the ringtone (longer in duration). 

Unfortunately, the frequency resolution is not very good.  However, it's good enough to see that the first two notes are around 1.6 kHz while the trailing pairs of notes are around 2.45 kHz (+/- 100 Hz). 

I then went to the phy.mtu.edu site to see how musical notes map into frequencies.  I could not find any F notes that are close to 1.6 kHz nor could I find any C notes that are close to 2.4 - 2.5 kHz.  

My conclusions are 

* The Facetime ringtone notes do not spell FACE
* I'm spending way too much time on this

I'm out. 




 My thoughts exactly.  I'm guessing more info will emerge. 




 I assume you're referring to the statement: 
 There is a bit of a discrepancy regarding what to call the planet, as some astronomers demand that the definition of planet be considered a mass that is tethered to a sun.

The article is not well written.  I think the author should have stated that being tethered to a sun is one of the requirements some astronomers believe a planet should satisfy.
 




 Thanks hokie_u2 - that is helpful.  

I don't agree with Tyson's tweet "Mysteries of #Gravity: Why we enjoy a SciFi film set in make-believe space more than we enjoy actual people set in real space."

I've thoroughly enjoyed actual people set in real space over the years including the Moon landing, Felix Baumgartner skydiving from 128 kft (almost space) and Cmdr. Hadfield performing Space Oddity from the ISS, to name a few.  Knowing it's real makes it that much more interesting and enjoyable. 




 But these quarterly results will include a significant increase in sales of Apple's leading money maker. We'll see how this translates into revenue and profit. 




 I think the problem is that Misek is assuming Apple will react to other mobile phone manufacturers' trends when they have not shown this behavior in the past. 




 SpaceX says "we have no reason to believe there was an explosion of any kind" on the Falcon 9.  

http://www.businessinsider.com/report-explosion-on-elon-musks-spacex-rocket-falcon-9-2013-10 




 If not, a serious omission.  




 Nice! 




 Birchman is correct, you can export the HD video using AirDrop.  Surprisingly, you can also Message the HD video to anyone, including yourself.   




 Why make this comment on this post?  Seems like my post on r/apple might be a more appropriate subreddit.  

But since you commented, I'm a long time Apple consumer and happy with their products but I'm not their PR.  Believe me, I would love Apple to pay me for my comments, but no luck.  

Regarding posting to two threads quickly, I do that all the time.  It has nothing to do with pretending - it is due to the limited time I have to review reddit and make posts. 




 Doctored.  This is Section 3 from Apple's EULA for iOS 7.

 Transfer. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute, or sublicense the iOS Software. You may,  however, make a one-time permanent transfer of all of your license rights to the iOS Software to another  party in connection with the transfer of ownership of your iOS Device, provided that: (a) the transfer must  include your iOS Device and all of the iOS Software, including all its component parts, original media, printed materials and this License; (b) you do not retain any copies of the iOS Software, full or partial,  including copies stored on a computer or other storage device; and (c) the party receiving the iOS  Software reads and agrees to accept the terms and conditions of this License. 




 I was 12th in line at my local AT T store and had no trouble getting a 32 GB Space Gray, very efficient operation.  They only carried Space Gray (no Gold or White) but they appeared to have many more in stock.  I've been hearing from friends that very few stores are stocking the Gold/White today and those are in very short supply (~5/store).   




 Been using Touch ID extensively for about 2 hours now since I've had to reload several 10's of apps.  The function is very accurate and responsive with the 4 fingers/thumbs I've used thus far.  I'm sold.  Can't wait until the API is provided to developers.  

One item I wasn't expecting is the passcode is still required after a restart.  




 The only way I was able to update was through the iTunes store.  OTA was just not working.  Note you need to first download iTunes 11.1 before downloading/installing iOS 7.   




 Let us know if you're successful. 




 My bad - here's the Kickstarter link to Occipital:
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/occipital/structure-sensor-capture-the-world-in-3d?ref=search 




 Yeah, I can't imagine this thing will actually take hold with most people. 




 Although I am a long-time Apple consumer, I stopped posting anything positive about Apple on r/technology long ago.  They don't want to hear it. 




 Ironically, NASA says that although Voyager 1 has entered interstellar space, it hasn't yet left our solar system.  Apparently there is an overlap of the two regions from the Heliopause through the Oort Cloud. 




 See post from a couple minutes ago.

http://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/1m4jva/apples_september_10th_keynote_is_now_available_to/ 




 Also available under Apple Events on the Apple TV.
 




 Further indication that McAfee is living:
https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/status/377142571740315648/photo/1 




 Further indication that McAfee is living:
https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/status/377142571740315648/photo/1 




 Given McAfee's recent Twitter post, this may be a hoax or just misreporting.  
https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/status/377115874655612929 




 Given McAfee's recent Twitter post, this may be a hoax or just misreporting.  
https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/status/377115874655612929 




 The DJI Phantom is a good prosumer entry level quadcopter for very light weight cameras (e.g. GoPro).  To get decent arial footage, I recommend you get a gimbal to stabilize the image.  Although it's a bit of a hack, the Zenmuse H3-2D gimbal works well with the Phantom.  Realize that this can get expensive pretty quickly - what is your budget? 




 I'm guessing a rescue attempt of some type will be in the plot. 




 Although not confirmed by Apple, WSJ's AllThingsD has confirmed the Mavericks release. 

Mark Gurman at 9to5Mac reports, and AllThingsD has confirmed, that OS X 10.9 will not launch this month, but next.

WSJ/ATD is about as close to a confirmation as we'll get without an Apple confirmation.

http://allthingsd.com/20130906/apple-likely-to-ship-os-x-mavericks-in-october/?mod=atd_homepage_carousel 




 Favorite line: "I think there's this profound and enduring beauty with how much we're able to get away with, and we push that ... as far as we can." 




 I'm not sure, but it may have to do with the presence of water/ice on Mars and the possibility of finding some evidence of life on Mars.  The chances of finding signs of life on Phobos would be much smaller.   




 Thank you.  I also think r/space is an **awesome** subreddit.   




 If you're referring to its odd shape, it's not Phobos' fault.  There is something called the "potato radius" above which objects in the universe become sufficiently massive to form a sphere.  That radius is ~200 km for icy objects and ~300 km for rocky ones.  Phobos has a radius of only 11 km, so it has no hope of becoming spherical.  
http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.1091 




 Cool, I didn't know about the Island of Stability.  Thank you. 




 Isn't that the case with most things that are "discovered"?  I think the word has taken on a different meaning in these contexts. 




 This is a confirmation of an element that was initially discovered in 2003.  The element's temporary systematic IUPAC nomenclature is Ununpentium or Uup.  The element's name will change with its confirmation.  
http://www.webelements.com/ununpentium/ 




 Airplay is not related to networks so an "Airplay-app" doesn't make sense, unless I'm not getting your question.  Airplay is an Apple app supported by newer Macs and iOS devices that allows you to send whatever you are viewing on the device to your AppleTV and view it on your TV (known as mirroring).  

For older Macs that don't support Airplay, I use AirParrot ($9.99 US) to perform the same function. Doesn't perform quite as well as Airplay (likely due to running on an older Mac) but it gets the job done. 




 Why does it only have 2 stars in the App store? 




 I've been there. Next time. 




 Good work kbuis. Thanks. 




 I hadn't heard about Bluetooth Low Energy technology until this article. As I was reading, it hit me: BLE would be perfect for the iWatch (or whatever Apple chooses to call their wrist-worn personal device).  This revelation assumes that Apple will not stream music from the iWatch or place other high data rate requirements on the device.  

Below are the paragraphs from the article that got me thinking:
The tradeoffs of choosing BLE over standard Bluetooth are that BLE only supports very low data rates, so you wont be streaming audio via BLE any time soon  but you can send small files if youre creative, and it works extremely well for small data packets sent from sensors.

Devices built with energy efficiency in mind can achieve battery lives of several years running off coin-cell batteries like the CR2540. This makes them ideal for wireless devices that stay in one place and would be annoying to recharge. 




 I just realized the last sentence is similar to the Wizard of Oz's message to the Scarecrow. 




 Yeah, that is what I would call a really bad day. 




 Yes, but if you're a Dexter fan, it's a big deal. This is how to encourage torrenting the show. 




 Fortunately we are in an area that also has FiOS.  We are switching in the next few days, not just because of this (which will be resolved soon I'm guessing) but because the up/download speeds are pretty snappy. 




 At least those of us who don't pay for the WSJ can read a summary of the article at BGR. 




 Yes, there are conflicting reports, but WSJ is usually accurate with their Apple reporting.  




 Here's a video of the event

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FM8lQlMVI1k 




 I don't think you'll see Retina iMacs this fall.  I've seen no credible reports to indicate there will be but I'd be happy to be corrected here. 




 Here's a good example of Cosby's work from a few years ago. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tf1K1P2Skw[1] 




 Here's a good example of Cosby's work from a fews years ago.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tf1K1P2Skw 




 Maybe she picks up where Cmdr Hadfield left off? 




 Read the post again, slowly. 




 You can take a tour of the island on Google Maps Street View here:
https://www.google.com/maps?ll=32.628992000000004%2C129.73861300000002 cbp=%2C80.06%2C%2C1%2C-22.949997 layer=c panoid=W9OeMqdw-o94Il7EoQWSFw spn=0.18000000000000788%2C0.30000000000000676 output=classic cbll=32.628992%2C129.738613 




 ... but you would then need to take the stairs.  Now that's a workout. 




 The prices are at the top of the embedded tables which may not be available at the mobile site.  Can you see the tables? 




 Actually it is both.  The super-massive black hole is still there (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sagittarius_A*), but there are additional postulated smaller black holes orbiting the big one.  




 Sounds a lot like what Tim Cook said to the U.S. Senate a few days ago. 




 Very close to the Newton.  The circular shape on the watch face would suggest the Newton.  But 1) the circle on the face in the ad is proportionally larger than the Newton's, 2) the watch face in the ad is missing the bezel that surrounds the Newton's watch face and 3) the watchband in the ad does not taper outward to match the size of the watch as the Newton's band does.  This looks like a 6th gen square nano with a different watch face applied, possibly for obscuration? 




 They actually play this song (and many others) and are accomplished harpists, although I'm sure this recording is "finger synched" given the environment they're in. 




 Yep, that's the problem - your density is way too low.  A neutron star has a density of between 3.710^17 and 5.910^17 kg/m^3, which is about 14 orders of magnitude higher than the density you're using.  The material about to compress into a black hole would have an even higher density than a neutron star. Try the neutron star density and see what radius you get. 




 Where did you get that density? 




 I'm not sure what density you assumed, but your radius looks way to large to be the minimum radius required to form a black hole.  You may have used the density of iron that we observe here on Earth.  However in the process of forming a black hole, iron atoms are highly compressed so that the nuclei are nearly in contact with each other.  This is a form of iron that is many orders of magnitude more dense than what we observe on Earth.  The much higher density allows the minimum radius for black hole formation to be much smaller than your estimate. 




 First time for me as well.  I looked for an original post but couldn't find one. 




 I'd say a pretty good production ... FROM FRICKEN SPACE! 




 I can only hope that was a joke. If so, good on ya.  If not, heaven (or what ever your belief) help you. 




 * Symbols are color coded and organized by alliance, with Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader as far apart as they can get
* Each element uses the small template to organize information about the first appearance of the character, initials of the actor or actress who played the character, and the cast order
* Initials and numerals are all coded in a Star Wars inspired font and code, which are explained in greater detail on Disney's website http://etckt.com/2013/05/07/elements-of-star-wars/ 




 * Symbols are color coded and organized by alliance, with Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader as far apart as they can get
* Each element uses the small template to organize information about the first appearance of the character, initials of the actor or actress who played the character, and the cast order
* Initials and numerals are all coded in a Star Wars inspired font and code, which are explained in greater detail on Disney's website http://etckt.com/2013/05/07/elements-of-star-wars/ 




 I like his rendition of 'Chain Gang' with a nice beat at 1:21. 




 I recommend getting in touch with Allison Sheridan at http://podfeet.com.  She has been producing the NosillaCast Mac podcast for 8 years.  In addition she has produced a 12-part series companion podcast called Podcasting on Podcasting which is focused on helping people create their own podcast (http://www.podfeet.com/wordpress/podcasting-on-podcasting/).  

Allison learned from other generous podcasters and loves to pass on her knowledge to others. 




 Microsoft is maintaining the tradition of releasing a problem OS on every other major rev. 




 Is that you Pat? 




 That's look of minimalism. 




 That's pretty creative, except it violates one of the main design features of a manhole cover - they are usually circular so they cannot accidentally fall into the hole they're covering.  Any other shape, including this one I think, will allow the cover to fall into the hole if correctly (or incorrectly depending on your point of view) oriented. 




 Yeah, but it's a first step (of many). 






















































































































































































































 I think one of WhatsApp's main appealing features is that it's cross platform compatible (mobile for now).
 







































































































































































































 Trains with frickin' LASER beams... 











































































































































 The study found that two long wavelength (infrared) photons with the same wavelength striking the retina about the same time can be perceived as one photon with half that wavelength and therefore in the visible range.  So it would *look* like normal visible light.  The color would depend on the wavelength of the two infrared photons. 



































































































 Even if funded, I have my doubts that this product will behave as shown in the video in the near future.
 




 Even if funded, I have my doubts that this product will behave as shown in the video in the near future. 




 Even if funded, I have my doubts that this product will behave as shown in the video in the near future. 




 Good work sto-ifics42.  Are you an engineer by chance?
 




 Your eyes don't see ultraviolet (UV) light and this frequency is most damaging to your retina since there is much higher energy per photon. Yes the visible light (along with UV) from the sun is substantially dimmed by haze and reducing the time looking at the sun lowers the risk, but damage can be done to your eyes before you know it as the haze subtly clears. You might be safe but do you feel lucky?   




 You're walking a very fine line of safety with your eyesight. 




 Estes FTW!  I had many enjoyable launches and (more than I would like to admit) crashes using Estes rockets. The real crowd pleaser during my 7th grade rocket club was my Estes Saturn V rocket with 4 engines.  Unfortunately only two engines ignited, and even more unfortunately the ones that ignited were not diagonally opposed but adjacent engines.  The result was a launch that went from vertical to horizontal then started dipping downward, ending with a parachute ejection into the ground.  I will not forget the applause to this day and that was 44 years ago.   




 Thank you, I need to check out the SoundLink Mini. 




 How does it compare in sound quality to the Big Jambox? Or is it more comparable to the original Jambox? 




 How about a Mac mini upgrade - it's been 2 years. 




 Here's CNET's take on why the auction was terminated: 

http://www.cnet.com/news/alleged-iphone-6-prototype-ebay-auction-ends-with-no-sale/

TL;DR 
CNET speculates Apple asked for or demanded the return of the phone and the seller complied.  




 The "prototype iPhone 6" reached a peak bid of $100,100.  I revisited the site around 5 pm PDT on Oct 6 and the item was no longer available ... two days before the auction was to have ended. The seller must've pulled the phone off the market.  Sounds pretty suspicious. 




 Interesting, just went back to the site and the item is no longer available ... two days before the auction was to have ended.  Sounds like the guy pulled it off the market.  Sounds even more suspicious now.  




 And it took out Touch ID. 




 Yeah, I think 8.0.1 was the shortest lived iOS update in Apple history. 




 You must be prescient. 




 Pretty sure the video was intended to be humorous.
 




 Thanks, makes sense.  
 




 After a little reading it appears the most currently favored cosmological model for the universe's expansion is the Lambda-CDM model where Cold Dark Matter and Dark Energy dominate the energy-density of our universe (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lambda-CDM_model). This model appears to support observations that our universe's expansion is accelerating, although I can't determine what the model predicts for the end state of the universe, but it does not support a Big Rip as you indicated.  However, if the acceleration of the universe's expansion is left unchecked, it would appear the Lambda-CDM theory model is inconsistent with the theory proposed by Dr. Padilla and the resulting Big Crunch.  Am I missing something here? 




 I thought it was an interesting theory, but I'm dubious. The theory Dr. Padilla describes directly contradicts the generally accepted theory that the universe's expansion is accelerating and the end result will be a Big Rip (where even subatomic particles are torn apart due to the expansion of space) rather than a Big Crunch. 




 Comment by Mr. Rhodes:
 "We've shown time and again that if there's a counterterrorism threat, we'll take direct action against that threat if necessary."

He must've meant terrorism threat. 




 That happened to me as well.  I restarted the process and it worked quickly the second time. 




 Thank you AlecPeters for injecting facts and some first-hand information into this thread. You and the team are doing a great job securing funding for Axanar. Can't wait for it to be completed. 




 Live streaming of ISEE-3 lunar flyby in progress now. 




 Good on ya jacobgold!  What is planned for the lunar flyby tomorrow? 




 Not clear from this article.  All they say is 

Through various partnerships and reverse engineering engagements, Fox-IT and FireEye have ascertained many of the private keys associated with CryptoLocker.  




 That must be a new rule.  I've submitted my own titles before to /r/technology without any issue.  I'll be careful to use the exact title in the future. Thanks for the heads up. 




 Thank you for the clarification Ghoda.  I wasn't aware of that detail on Rosetta's orbit.  Are you involved with the Rosetta mission?  




 This is a result of particle/wave duality.  Quantum theory says that energy carried by a field (or wave) can be broken down no further than its quantum component.  In other words, all fields have a corresponding minimum energy particle and vice versa.  It's like the difference between the electromagnetic field and the photon.  They're the same but exhibit field (wave) behavior or particle behavior depending on how they are observed. 




 Wish I could give that two up-votes.
 




 They may also want to map and characterize the comet's surface from many different aspect angles before they land. 




 Favorite line from the article:
 ... bar Yahoo and of course Bing, which rather embarrassingly had to volunteer to be included in the whole affair ...

Poor Bing. 




 The article says the 5 mile exclusion zone applies to large and medium sized airports, not small ones.  But I don't know what defines an airport as being large or medium vs. small.  Anyone know this? 



































































































 HeadSmart Labs announces findings from a study on football inflation levels in different climates. The study indicated that the pressure in the footballs used in the AFC Championship game could have dropped 1.95 PSI from weather and field conditions alone.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxsXFX3tDpg 














 It's iMore's (Peter Cohen's) title - but agreed, it is misleading. 




 Thanks, I missed that line. 




 When Turing finally gets his decryption machine to work, he realizes that he cannot use the intelligence it provides without revealing his team's success to the Germans. So he tells his team they cannot reveal their success to anyone, even to his boss Commander Denniston. He then decides to go around his boss to the head of MI6, Stewart Menzies with the information.

How does Turing and the team continue to use the machine to decrypt German messages while keeping this fact secret from Commander Denniston who was intently interested in the team's progress and gave them one month to complete their task? 










































































 Just saw the Imitation Game - excellent movie but I don't understand one point.  When Turing finally gets his decryption machine to work, he realizes that he cannot use the intelligence it provides without revealing his team's success to the Germans.  He tells his team they cannot reveal their success to anyone, even to Commander Denniston.  So he decides to go to the head of MI6, Stewart Menzies with the information.  

How does Turing and the team continue to use the machine to decrypt German messages while keeping this fact secret from Commander Denniston who gave Turing only one month to complete his task?  











































































































































 Hey, it happens to the best of us.  I've slipped a few orders of magnitude before ... and it will happen again.  

I just checked and ironically the LSST site states the sensor has 3.2 gigapixels, so Wired and in turn ARS got it wrong.  

http://www.lsst.org/lsst/science/concept_camera 




 This camera has 32 gigapixels, not 32 petapixels. 




































































































































































































































































































































 Love my Apple TVs but would get more use out of them if they just supported Amazon Instant Video. Will likely never happen. 








































































































 Ah, should've checked the page before I posted. Understand.
 








































































































 This was posted 2 days ago: 

http://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/2wjv07/apple_will_fight_ios_bugs_with_firstever_ios/ 




 Several theories have been proposed but we don't know yet. It's one of the unknowns that keeps astronomers and particle physicists striving for an answer.  

A good layman's summary (although not brief) can be found in Wikipedia:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_matter 
























 The star passed through the Oort cloud at a distance of about 51,000 astronomical units (A.U.) from our Sun, very far beyond Neptune's orbit. Neptune is only 30 A.U. from the Sun (Earth is 1 A.U. from the Sun).  That huge separation combined with the star's small mass translates to its gravity having a negligible effect on Neptune's orbit. 




 Yes, by the same technique they used to determine that Scholz's star is receding from us.  


































 Yes, but it is rarely a pristine reflection so the reflected signal does not completely cancel but usually partially cancels the primary signal. Also there are usually many signals from several reflection sources so the cancellation is highly position dependent and it gets complicated very quickly.   

WiFi is usually a 2.4 or 5 GHz RF signal so it bounces off of anything that conducts, like metal used in building materials.  It can also partially reflect off of and be partially absorbed by other surfaces like walls, floors, ceilings and objects in homes.  




 The low signal areas are generally caused by a combination of 1) blockage of the WiFi signal by materials that attenuate or reflect the signal and 2) partial/full cancellation by the WiFi signal as it destructively interferes with a reflected version of itself or other RF sources. 

Predicting the RF pattern caused by the many attenuation, reflection and interference sources in a home is a very difficult thing to do, which is why measurement is appealing.  





























 I hear you, but these days the terms have become synonymous, and drones is just shorter to type. 




 7th paragraph from the bottom of the article:

 The new FAA proposal doesn't apply to hobbyists. The agency already issued a policy for recreational use, with rules calling for flying less than 400 feet high and within sight of the operator, while keeping clear of other aircraft and notifying air-traffic control when flying within 5 miles of an airport.


FAA's new proposed rules apply only to commercial use of drones. 




 7th paragraph from the bottom of the article:

 The new FAA proposal doesn't apply to hobbyists. The agency already issued a policy for recreational use, with rules calling for flying less than 400 feet high and within sight of the operator, while keeping clear of other aircraft and notifying air-traffic control when flying within 5 miles of an airport.

FAA's new proposed rules apply only to commercial use of drones. 















































































 Good point, I lazily copied the title from the article. 




 Yes, it is quite possible.  I believe Dr. Burrage is aware of this but didn't emphasize this point in her talk. 














 The graphic shows planets (one dot per planet) discovered over time, initially in 5 year increments and later in 1 year increments when the discovery rate picks up.  The vertical axis is the planet's mass relative to the Earth's mass and the horizontal axis is the time it takes the planet to make one orbit around its star (i.e. the planet's year) relative to an Earth year.  The initial discoveries (dark blue dots) are planets within our solar system and the later discoveries are outside of our solar system. 

Link to the author's blog post: http://www.hughosborn.co.uk/2015/02/09/a-history-of-planet-detection-in-one-animation/ 




 It was likely Ceres which was discovered 1801 and originally classified as a planet.  Later in 1851 it was reclassified as a minor planet along with 14 other similar bodies (I don't believe minor planets are included in the graphic).  

Source: http://space-facts.com/ceres/ 






































































































































 Thanks for the update. That's a relief, but sure hope we're able to see the video from the 1st stage tomorrow, assuming they launch. 




 Yeah, they reported an avionics issue earlier and it's not clear it was resolved when the range tracking issue was reported.  But they clearly cited the range tracking issue as the reason for the abort.  Hopefully we'll hear more on this. 




 Next opportunities are Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. Monday launch would be at 6:07 pm EST.   





























 Yes, that point is (indirectly) confirmed at NASA's DSCOVR site:

http://www.nasa.gov/content/goddard/dscovr-offering-a-new-view-of-the-solar-wind/index.html 




 Summary from Wikipedia: L1, L2 and L3 are normally unstable but semi-stable halo (or Lissajous) orbits around the Lagrangian points do exist.  Since these are not perfectly stable, small amounts of thrust for station keeping are required to maintain these orbits over long periods. For most spacecraft, the preferred amplitude of the Lissajous orbit around Earth-Sun L1 is 62,000 to 124,000 miles.  This keeps the spacecraft off the direct line between the Sun and Earth and reduces solar interference when antennas on Earth are directed at the spacecraft for communication.  

I assume that since since spacecraft near L1 follow fairly sizable orbits around the point, there is plenty of room for many spacecraft to occupy those orbits. 

Answer to bonus question: Either "Lagrange point" or "Lagrangian point" are correct, but Lagrange is directed to Lagrangian in Wikipedia.

Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lagrangian_point 




 Replay of pre-luanch news conference on now at 
http://www.nasa.gov/multimedia/nasatv/index.html 







































 I've looked for an archived version of this talk on the CERN website but I can't find it. Anyone else?  


It may take CERN a few days to get it up on their site.
 































































































































































 Yes.  












































 Ok, that works. Thanks for the clarification. 




 I understand the repetition of an article being a reason for removing a submission. However the first link was to a Scientific American article which references the paper. I thought a valid submission needed to link directly to a peer-reviewed in which the paper is published - Scientific American is not a peer-reviewed journal.  Has that rule changed?  Isn't a link to the original peer-reviewed journal a better reference to the topic? 














 The news is that the results of a *joint* assessment between the BICEP2 and Planck Consortium teams was finally documented (and prematurely released by the Planck HFI team.)  Yes, the assessment confirmed the initial suspicions that the signal BICEP2 detected can't be separated out from other distorting effects, such as our own galaxy's dust. 





























 Whoops, I'll delete 































































































































































 I think you're on to something.  But with that in mind, I don't want to see the newly discovered Miss Piggy. 







































 It took only 3:30 to encode a 4:45 video (shot in 1080p) to 720p. Used to take about 16 min to encode the same video on the same Mac using the previous version of Compressor.  Apple, I am impressed.  [iMac12,2, 3.4 GHz Core i7 w/ 4 cores, 16 GB RAM] 




























































































































 I hope he's right.  Apple TV seems like a logical platform in which to base a home automation system. 












































































































































































































 Most of my favorites are listed here, but a sleeper space movie that I thought is worth a mention is Silent Running with Bruce Dern. It presents a strong ecological message and has decent effects for its time (1972).  Loved the personification of and interaction between the drones Huey, Dewey and Louie. 



















 I would say more complex and richer with additional tones. 









 Samsung produced both chips. 


















































































































 Wow, really taking this April 1st thing all the way.
 









 Good on ya /u/nty!
 









 Ah, I see April fools day is coming early this year.  I guess it's April 1st somewhere in this world.  




 Well this is interesting.  Going to /r/apple takes me to the Android subreddit.  Apple subreddit hacked? 



































































































 From JPL's Dawn website: 
 The three principal scientific drivers for the mission are first that it captures the earliest moments in the origin of the solar system enabling us to understand the conditions under which these objects [minor planets] formed. Second, Dawn determines the nature of the building blocks from which the terrestrial planets formed, improving our understanding of this formation. Finally, it contrasts the formation and evolution of two small planets that followed very different evolutionary paths so that we understand what controls that evolution. 

Source: http://dawn.jpl.nasa.gov/mission/goal_index.asp 




 A very good bet that will happen, as a minimum. 
















































































































































 Yeah, kind of ironic.
 



















 Here's a more easily digestible version from Science Daily:
http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/05/150513145509.htm

In summary 
... the CMS and LHCb collaborations established a new and extremely rare decay of the Bs particle (a heavy composite particle consisting of a bottom antiquark and a strange quark) into two muons. 





































































 They'll get the data from us one way or another.
 




 Here's the Wolfram site: https://www.imageidentify.com 




 Here's the Wolfram site: https://www.imageidentify.com 




 Here's the Wolfram site: https://www.imageidentify.com 











































































































































 From Phil Plait's Bad Astronomy site: 
 Like the Milky Way, Andromeda has vast spiral arms that extend well out from the core. From Earth, the galaxy appears to be more than 3 degrees across.

That's about six times larger in diameter than the moon appears. 

http://www.slate.com/blogs/bad_astronomy/2014/01/01/moon_and_andromeda_relative_size_in_the_sky.html 












































 On a related note, it appears you can store/play only music on Apple Watch currently. I'd like to see a native podcast player on Apple Watch, one where I can store/play podcasts on the watch.  Would like to run and listen to podcasts without having to carry an iPhone.  Guess we'll have to wait for a third party native Apple Watch app? 











































































































































































































































































































 Thank you bot. 







































 It may not be overt humor but I find the article subtly funny.  From the removal of my post, I infer that subtle humor is not the purpose of this subreddit.  


























































































































































 Check this out:

http://www.lanl.gov/orgs/ees/ees11/geophysics/staff/andersond/pdfs/06AndersonBSSA.pdf

Let us know if you can summarize in layman's terms. 




 I don't think the mask does any focusing.  At 3:45 into the video, Professor Merrifield says "... by the time you get to the hard x-ray end and gamma ray end of things, nothing you can do will focus the light effectively ... All the mask does is throw a shadow."  So the mask only tells you what direction each x-ray or gamma ray point source is coming from.  They must use some sort of deconvolution algorithm that processes the multiple copies of the overlaid/shifted mask shadows striking the sensor to determine the position of each source.  I imagine without the ability to focus, the telescope's resolution is limited by the sensor's pixel size and is not very high.  

























































































 FCC's letter to PayPal located at http://www.scribd.com/doc/268494817/FCC-Letter-To-PayPal 




 FCC's letter to PayPal located at http://www.scribd.com/doc/268494817/FCC-Letter-To-PayPal 




 FCC's letter to PayPal located at http://www.scribd.com/doc/268494817/FCC-Letter-To-PayPal 




 FCC's letter to PayPal located at http://www.scribd.com/doc/268494817/FCC-Letter-To-PayPal 

















































 Flare selection: He's on a different planet. 



















 I think the strongest statement that can be gleaned from this article regarding the Philae lander's position is that it *may* have been found.

From the article:
 But is this really Philae? Unfortunately, it is impossible to be sure. 
















































































































































 At least one dictionary* defines Deep Space as regions outside of the Earth/Moon system (where DSCOVR's orbit would qualify), but most define it as regions outside of our solar system.  In any case, I hear what you're saying. Maybe they were searching a bit too hard for a good acronym.

*Source: http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/deep+space 




























































































































 Dug a little bit to find PayPal's updated ToS:

From Amendments to the PayPal User Agreement, the PayPal Privacy Policy and the PayPal Acceptable Use Policy, effective July 1, 2015:
 
 1.10 Calls to You; Mobile Telephone Numbers. You consent to receive autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages from PayPal at any telephone number that you have provided us or that we have otherwise obtained. We may place such calls or texts to (i) notify you regarding your account; (ii) troubleshoot problems with your account (iii) resolve a dispute; (iv) collect a debt; (v) poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires, (vii) contact you with offers and promotions; or (viii) as otherwise necessary to service your account or enforce this User Agreement, our policies, applicable law, or any other agreement we may have with you...

There's more, but you can read it. It was enough for me.

Source: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/upcoming-policies-full 




 Dug a little bit to find PayPal's updated ToS:

From Amendments to the PayPal User Agreement, the PayPal Privacy Policy and the PayPal Acceptable Use Policy, effective July 1, 2015:
 
 1.10 Calls to You; Mobile Telephone Numbers. You consent to receive autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages from PayPal at any telephone number that you have provided us or that we have otherwise obtained. We may place such calls or texts to (i) notify you regarding your account; (ii) troubleshoot problems with your account (iii) resolve a dispute; (iv) collect a debt; (v) poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires, (vii) contact you with offers and promotions; or (viii) as otherwise necessary to service your account or enforce this User Agreement, our policies, applicable law, or any other agreement we may have with you...

There's more, but you can read it. It was enough for me.

Source: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/upcoming-policies-full 




 Not psychic, just reading PayPal's upcoming ToS.  

From Amendments to the PayPal User Agreement, the PayPal Privacy Policy and the PayPal Acceptable Use Policy, effective July 1, 2015: 

 1.10 Calls to You; Mobile Telephone Numbers. You consent to receive autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages from PayPal at any telephone number that you have provided us or that we have otherwise obtained.  We may place such calls or texts to (i) notify you regarding your account; (ii) troubleshoot problems with your account (iii) resolve a dispute; (iv) collect a debt; (v) poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires, (vii) contact you with offers and promotions; or (viii) as otherwise necessary to service your account or enforce this User Agreement, our policies, applicable law, or any other agreement we may have with you...
 

There's more, but you can read it. It was enough for me.

Source: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/upcoming-policies-full
 














 I e-mailed Nomorobo with my question about their business model and they responded quickly:

 Thanks for asking, 
 
 Our business model is based on licensing our blacklist data to carriers. The incoming call data from Nomorobo users powers the detection algorithm.
 
 That being said, your personal data is never shared with anyone else. It's only used to detect when one number is calling LOTS of consumers. Then Nomorobo knows to blacklist it.
 
 Did that answer your question in enough detail?
 
 Aaron

Sounds like a credible business model.  I signed up and it was a fairly easy process. 




 That sounds like a great service (it won the FTC Robocall Challenge).  But I wonder what their business model is.  Are the users the product? 























































































































 When you get your watch, open the Apple Watch app on your iPhone, go to Privacy, select Motion   Fitness, then toggle off Heart Rate monitoring.   




 Apple was very careful about power conservation in designing the Apple Watch.  The Watch activates infra-red LEDs to measure heart rate during normal (non workout) activity which requires additional power and reduces battery life.  Apple probably made a trade-off between battery life and how often heart rate is needed during normal activity and arrived at 10 minutes as the balance.  Still, it would be nice if the user could set the heart rate sample interval.   









 Yeah, it does seem odd.  During workouts the green LEDs stay on continually even though they are sampling heart rate every 10 seconds.  It may be that the sample window is 10 seconds long but every 10 seconds the watch repeats the sample so the entire timeline is filled with sampling, it's just updated every 10 seconds.  

I have found that if I forget to end a workout and accidentally leave the green LEDs on, the battery drain is significant.  The only times I have run out of power in less than a day is when I've forgotten to end a workout. 




 Regarding your statement
 I agree that if it's inaccurate that this would be a wise move. However, I do not see why this would be the case if we are relying on the heart rate sensor during work out.

Your first sentence makes sense, but the second sentence implies the heart rate sensor used during normal activity is the same as the one used during a workout.  This is not the case.  The heart rate sensor used during normal activity is a pair of infra-red LEDs that sample heart rate every 10 minutes while the sensor for workouts uses green LEDs to measure heart rate every 10 seconds.  The latter method is designed to be more reliable in measuring heart rate than the first at the expense of drawing more power from the battery.

Edit: Correction that the infra-red LEDs are not passive - they emit infra-red energy that is detected by the same photodiodes used to detect the green LED energy. 

















































































































































































































 Yeah, saw that typo well after I submitted, but you can't edit submission titles after the fact.   














 Instagram has apologized to Andres Iniesta:
http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-33592599 

















































 What was the link that you posted?  Same article from nbcnews or a different one?  The site can make a difference to the mods.
 
























 Our POV being Earth is kind of implied. 




 But not when viewed from Earth. 



































































































 Agreed, the one I posted was the official image from NASA's site.  I think the image that is still there was posted earlier, but you'd think /r/space would keep the official image and delete the other posts. 




 Yes, it appears it was deleted but not sure why.  Probably multiple postings of the same image. 



























































 I grabbed this screen shot as soon as I saw Madrid antenna 63 receiving a signal from New Horizons at 12:52 am UTC - this is how it looked the moment the signal was initially received.  


















































































































 You must not have watched Jeopardy before.  The host (Alex Trebek) reads the answer to a question from the category and the guest who hits their button first provides the question that best matches the answer.  To be scored as correct, the guest's response must be formed as a question. 




 The video clip shows one of the three categories included in the Jeopardy episode.  This article mentions the other two categories included were "Live 'Long'" and "Prosper":

http://mashable.com/2015/07/12/leonard-nimoy-jeopardy/ 




 It was the July 10, 2015 episode - this past Friday. 
























 They do have 4 nucleotides in nature.  The researches synthesized two additional nucleotides to see how they fit with existing DNA structures.  It turns out they fit nicely.  
























 Luke, Leia, and Han Solo just reunited on stage at Comic-Con. 

http://www.theverge.com/2015/7/10/8931699/luke-leia-han-solo-reunite-star-wars-comic-con-2015 




























































































































 Apparently the grounding of United Airlines flights has now been cancelled. 

http://www.fly.faa.gov/adv/adv_otherdis.jsp?advn=32 adv_date=07082015 facId=DCC title=UAL+GROUND+STOP+CANCELED titleDate=07/08/15 



























































 The Apple Watch is rated at IPX7 which is fairly decent, but a swim longer than 30 min or a dive might pose a problem:  

 Ingress of water in harmful quantity shall not be possible when the enclosure is immersed in water under defined conditions of pressure and time (up to 1 m of submersion).  

IPX7 test duration is up to 30 minutes.

Source: [Wikipedia - IP Code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IP_Code) 











































































































































 The Project is fully funded as of June 30th!  Congratulations to Adam Nimoy and the "For The Love of Spock" team.  I'm really looking forward to this film. 


































