 Thanks, appreciate it  




 Yea I've learned that now, being from the northeast I thought it was always sunny and nice there, learned my lesson on that trip  




 Yea I realized after I submitted it that messed it up but didn't feel like changing it, my bad  




 Yea, the cat is always the master in the relationship  









 It was taken on Atlantic, it had been raining my whole trip and then the clouds broke while I was going to lunch  




 Yea we did, it was an awesome place and nobody was around, we couldn't believe it  









 Yep, my girlfriend and I were playing cards up on the lookout when I took this  




 Lexington Park here, just joined Reddit and found this, I've been here a little over a year
 












































 Your username is awesome, I feel like we're late to this game, but we were pretty pumped about it 









 This one was the only one we had a hard time with because he had such a good personality and we got attached but the others haven't been bad. We've fostered probably 10 now. 









 Normally just microwave them  









 It's going over the bridge on Atlantic  




 http://www.fatgirltrappedinaskinnybody.com/2011/04/bacon-egg-cups/ 














 Thanks! 




 Never been to Wisconsin though I have spent some time across the lake from it in Michigan 


































 He must've worked for this company

 http://assmann.us/ 









 Taking me to Uganda, and then it's a flip between typing N for United States of America, or S for USA 









 We were happy with the turn out  




 I actually read your first comment wrong and thought you were asking if it was ice cream, sorry. If it was ice cream, there wouldn't have been time to take the picture because we would've eaten it already. 




 No, it's just layered white cake and red velvet. Then the blue is white cake with blue food coloring. 












































 Its normally $8.99, but it was their lunch special that day so it was $7. 




 That's it, didn't even know that they had a website, just found this place this week.
 




 The mayo is actually the bit of green on the bottom layer since its mixed with pesto 




 St. Inigoes General Store in St. Inigoes, MD 




 Really? Whereabouts? 




 BTW, the place I got this is a little general store called St. Inigoes General Store and it was a huge surprise when I found out they served food this good. 




 Mozzarella 




 East coast, the Chesapeake Bay area, sorry 




 Its mozzarella, and it was delicious 




 I live in southern Maryland 




 $7, not a bad deal
 









 Rumors today were that apple is releasing a gold colored iPhone for the 5s  
























 I really don't know looking back on it, regret not keeping him sometimes, but I'm glad he found a good home though.  




 We actually had a really hard time letting him go, surprised we didn't keep him 




 He got adopted and is in a good home  









 Blue Moon 









 I was trying to throw it from the sink behind my back into the trash can and it miraculously landed up there, horrible shot. 









 Exactly, you got it  









 Must've been it, how thoughtful 









 Cool, I live about an hour south of DC  
























 Yea that's the point I've reached after biting it for the 30th time during breakfast this morning. 









 This actually made me lol  









 In a 400 level electrical engineering course:

*Awkward guy in class raises hand in the middle of the lecture*

Guy: Whats a derivative?"
Professor: You're telling me that you're getting ready to graduate with an engineering degree and you don't know what a derivative is?"
Guy:Well I know what it is"
Professor:Well then explain it"
Guy: ............."

*Class busts out laughing and the teacher goes back to teaching* 




 In a college algebra class as we're discussing inequalities:

Girl: Wait, why are there letters and where's the equal sign?"
*Class gets awkwardly silent and the teacher stares at her for a good 10 seconds in silence*
Teacher: The letters are variables or numbers we dont know yet and there's  no equal sign because this is an inequalitity"
Girl: If there's no equal sign then you can't do anything"
*professor turns back around and goes back to teaching

She dropped the class the next day 




 No, Maryland 









 A little back information: my Dad and Grandma were notorious for playing pranks on each other when they'd visit each other, putting stuff on each other's face while they slept, my dad hid a full bag of trash in her car when she went on a trip back home, etc. Well it was Christmas in like '97-'98(I was about 9) and we had received a package from Grandma and were supposed to open it on Christmas Eve. We open it to see a bunch of what look like gourmet chocolates, so we all enjoy the evening and each the chocolates without anyone noticing. We get a call from our family who lives near my Grandma and they're just laughing it up and barking throughout the entire conversation, come to find out that she ate all the actual chcolates and dipped dog food bits in chocolate and repackaged the box. Come to find out, apparently chocolate covered dog food isn't that bad tasting. 



























































 I did in r/pics when I first started submitting to Reddit, was going through old posts and noticed that I probably should've put it in r/gaming. 









 Scumbag: So who's the new boss?"

*homeless guy walks in*

Scumbag: Oh Shit"  














 I know its not the same kind of cat, but this reminds me of Homeward Bound so much  












































 [Sunset Brown](http://www.orionleathercompany.com/32mm-sunset-brown-dress-work-or-casual-belt-p/32hsnstcfstdloopl3370govblk.htm) 




 Which one would be more versatile, Natural or Sunset Brown? 




 Ah, thanks for the offer but those are a little too small for me 




 Thanks for the info and pics, it's nice to see how they wore in and they look in good condition for 4 years in. That's definitely a huge plus for the Nike canvas if I can get them to last that long. 




 Okay, I'm looking for a pair of gray sneakers that will be versatile and be able to be paired with outfits for the spring/summer. I've narrowed it down to three pairs but would like an opinion which is best or if there are any other suggestions for versatile casual spring/summer sneakers. Here are the three I'm considering: [New Balance 574](http://www.amazon.com/New-Balance-Lifestyle-Sneaker-Silver/dp/B001AO20BW/ref=sr_1_1?s=shoes ie=UTF8 qid=1395191429 sr=1-1 keywords=new+balance+574) [Nike Canvas](http://www.amazon.com/Nike-CANVAS-SKATE-SHOES-MEDIUM/dp/B004W4T11Y/ref=sr_1_3?s=shoes ie=UTF8 qid=1395191503 sr=1-3 keywords=nike+canvas) [Adidas Campus II](http://www.amazon.com/adidas-Originals-Campus-Sneaker-Micinder/dp/B0021AF6QU/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8 qid=1395191544 sr=8-3 keywords=adidas+campus). Also, wondering if I can get any of them cheaper anywhere else. Thanks! 




 As of last night this was still a valid deal, I just bought some more
 




 It's on the last page before you actually place your order, you can apply it and make sure it is applied before placing the order 




 That really sucks, I wear a size 10 so the medium's max size is my size, but I like my socks to be tight, hopefully they get some in stock for you soon 




 I just bought a pair of white color size medium about a half hour ago, maybe its just certain size/color combinations that are sold out.  




 I haven't actually worn either of these but I purchased the ninjasox just now based on this thread http://www.reddit.com/r/frugalmalefashion/comments/1d48s1/no_show_socksseriously/ 




 Really good no show socks for loafers or boat shoes.  


































 STELLLLLLLAAAA!!! 




 CANTSTANDYA! CANTSTANDYA! 




 I've never had a tinder myself but my buddy has shared a couple interesting stories with me. So back story, there's a college near where I live and this friend would come down on the weekend, find a girl on tinder that was from the college and go perform the deed with her. On one occasion he went over and started chilling with her friends in the dorm room and whatever, after awhile the friends left and him and the tinderella(stolen from another part of this thread) began hooking up. At the end of the performance, she wanted him to finish in her mouth, after he did, she looked him dead in the eyes and winked. He said he didn't know how to react and it was both awesome/awkward. Another story involved him going and picking up a tinder slut from the college and bringing her back to the spare bedroom that my friends and I had in the house we shared. Since he had brought her back after my other roommates were asleep they had no idea there was a girl in the spare bedroom. My roommate busts in the room at around 7am with them both butt naked and yells HEY BRIAN!!!!!" to see both Mr. Tinder and Ms. Tinder in all their nakedness. Made for some good stories before he found his SO. 









 Forgive People 




 We had somebody in college who would poop all over the common bathroom and the write The Poopster was here" in his own feces on the mirror. He disappeared for awhile until one night when we saw The return of the Poopster" written on the mirror. The Poopster was never apprehended. 




 Thanks OP! Got mine shipped for $60.82, I told myself that is buy these if they went down to the $50-$60 range, this should be my last S/S item I needed.  




 There's a bar near where I live that makes every person who has a hat on backwards turn it around and if they refuse then they are kicked out. Apparently one time they had someone with a backwards hat on start a fight so now everyone who wears their hat backwards is looking to fight. Makes no sense. 




 Thanks man, good find, I was really wanting a sea stripe sweatshirt and was able to get one. You got an upvote from me.  




 Here's a canvas leather belt, I don't actually own it but I've been thinking about buying it for awhile and I think they might still be having some good sale or something. http://www.gap.com/browse/product.do?pid=941520042 locale=en_US kwid=1 sem=false vid=1 sdReferer=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gap.com%2Fproducts%2Fmens-belts.jsp 




 The exact point where you move from conscious to unconscious when falling asleep, there has to be a certain point where you switch over and I just can't grasp when or why that happens. By the way never think about this while trying to get to sleep because you'll be up all night.  




 A guy I know drove the opposite way while heading back to his hometown. Was supposed to be driving west and actually drove 2 hours east and ended up at the beach. In the same trip he also ran out of gas because he wanted to stop at the same gas station he always stops at on his way home. This was last year and he had a GPS and Smartphone. Also, he once told us that he wouldn't ask the bank to send him a new debit card because he didn't trust the mail, when we asked him how the bank received a debit card to give him at their building he said I thought they just had a machine to create them in the back." Another time, he attempted to do a backflip off the side of an in ground pool and busted his face on the side of the pool, this guy is a huge guy and stated that the chances of me hitting my face on that pool were astronomical." There are more examples but I'm starting to feel bad.  




 If you can find it on sale ever, Dolce Gobanna The One is my favorite cologne, smells amazing. 
























 I think it's just how they are spelling deli 



















 They had just finished eating so that's partially true  







































 When I was young, maybe 6-7, I woke up in the middle of the night to my mom looking out the window and mumbling. She kept saying some like How come the sun isn't up? Its going to be in so much trouble when I tell its mother." I was understandably confused and kind of scared and when I asked her what she was doing she kept mumbling about the sun not being up. She then went to bed. I brought it up to her and she swears it never happened. I've always just assumed she was sleep walking but it was super weird. 




 I like good sushi a lot but I know what you mean, I'm never full after eating it and neither is my wallet  




 WaWa coffee is the best for a gas station, way better than Sheetz 




 I've never heard of this place, where are they? 




 They were pretty decent before they became a nationwide chain but now sadly I would have to agree with you. I do still buy their salt and vinegar dry seasoning for use at home, shit is delicious.  









 FRANK AND BEANS 
























