 wat? 




 Why does it make matters worse that he's happily married?? 




 http://www.youtuberepeater.com/PlayMiniVideo?t=0 s=1 e=13 vol=90 v=TAryFIuRxmQ 




 I hitchhiked in Guatemala. It's kind of the way to get around - just jump in the back of the pick-up that they are invariably driving! Completely uneventful - it's honestly the taxi service when you get out in the country  




 As a student, you kind of have to accept that you will be asked to participate in ways - ways that you may not exactly enjoy or perhaps not see the value in. The best policy is to buck up and get to it. It will last a semester, and then you can go back to not participating on facebook. If you object to sharing personal information - then don't. Put the minimum up for participation in class and then delete afterwards. 




 My husband managed to get through all of law school by only buying one book (one that he actually wanted to keep). His secret? Interlibrary Loan.  




 The fuzzy gum drops showed up on a golf cart. Crowd immediately congregates. I snap some pictures and catch one of the first-responders who had touched one of the mascots. In the photo she is looking at her hand as though she had just gotten to touch Jesus Christ himself.  




 My family was at a Catholic festival next door to our house, and my dad was playing craps. My brother, probably about 4 at the time, yelled "COME ON, DADDY NEEDS A NEW PARACHUTE" 




 There was also an incident when I was in kindergarten where my mom had volunteered for a field trip and the teacher had written her name on the board. I came home and told my mom that the teacher had misspelled her first name, which is Amy. How had she spelled it? Mrs. 

I think it was the three letters that thew me... 




 Saw a Civil War chess set being advertised on tv (Limited Time Offer! Buy now!) and asked my mom what the "Silver War" was. 
 




 Just got back!! It was awesome! :) 




 Most of the witch hunts didn't happen during the medieval period/Middle Ages - it happened in the oh-so-enlightened Renaissance. The Malleus Maleficarum, (literally "Hammer of the Witches", and essentially a "how-to" manual for witch hunting) wasn't written until 1486, and subsequently published in 1487. It was helped on massively by the advent of printing in the West (1450s). It was so inflammatory even the Catholic Church condemned it as false in 1490. 




 Also ladygamer - I honestly sometimes just avoid multi-player altogether. I like to play after work to de-stress, and hearing an array of sexist insults (kitchen jokes on the low end of the spectrum here), getting hit on (uh just want to play my game, oh, and I'm married), and then being called a tease because I'm not interested is not exactly relaxing. I end up playing single player games just to avoid the abuse. Which I will be the first to recognize is not helping - but my evenings are precious and I don't want to spend them trailblazing.  




 I have flat feet which in turn cause an internal leg rotation which in turn equals ouch knees and hips. My doctor actually recommended that I sleep with a pillow between my knees! 




 I even have a puzzle of the center of the triptych :) 




 I have always loved this building and the behind the scenes tour is definitely worth it. Not shown in the post is some views from the catwalk that goes atop the entrance way (not inbetween the front windows) - it allows for a great view of the murals. Also, there is more to see in the president's office - perhaps I'm a nerd, but I thought the built-in file cabinets are sweet. Last but not least - the private dining rooms, especially the ceiling fresco of Cincinnati, but also the upper conference rooms that have been restored fully as well. 

Loved it so much I got married there a little over a month ago :) 




 China even falls under these same categories - it has a very large number of minority groups and have been ruled by a few of them over the many centuries. The whole conflict over Tibet is a great example of this. Whatever we may think most current nations really are "made up" and fabricated over centuries - even well established countries. Even countries isolated to an island have had multiple ethnic groups with multiple countries (Hello, Scotland succession!). Even Japan, a traditionally homogeneous gene pool have had it's conflicts (southern islands, Ainu, etc.).  




 At least in some states there is a committee that flags questionable vanity plates. A friend of mine interned there and had found one with "PONFAR" on it. She flagged it and then had to inform the entire committee about the Vulcan mating ritual. By all accounts they stared at her for about 30 seconds and let it through :) 




 I've been inspired - I would definitely love to attempt something like this soon! 




 Especially if you've seen Doctor Who - DON'T BLINK 




 And as always in art, the details have always been the difference between the real deal and a knock off.  




 More brutal...and she already has a boyfriend. 




 I have to put forth Jim Grobe at Wake for doing the  most with the least. I mean this in a broad sense of not just talent, but also dealing with resources. Let me explain:

Wake has never been known as a football powerhouse - hell, we're the third smallest FBS school (behind only Rice and Tulsa) with only 4,000 or so undergrad students. That's not a whole lot of alumni to draw from in terms of funding...they're dedicated; but it was pointed out in the Orange Bowl in 2006 (which they lost against Louisville), that if every living alumni and student went to Dolphin Stadium...they still wouldn't fill it up more than half way. 

So, they comparatively don't have the alumni base to donate the big money for the football program. Being a small private school also means that we don't have a ton of in-state or other fans just because...say like, UNC or OSU.

Secondly, Wake is a top 25 school that is highly competitive and academically very challenging. It's hard for dedicated athletes to keep up with both. And there are definitely not a whole lot of majors to "hide in". The classes sizes are very small and the faculty is not disposed in the slightest to give the athletes any extra leniency.

All of these things lead to smaller resources, and fewer opportunities to recruit top athletes. Yet somehow, Grobe has managed to make competitive teams with what he has.

TL;DR: With few monetary resources and an environment not conducive to big programs, Grobe has managed to make something out of nothing.  




 I have to put forth Jim Grobe at Wake for doing the  most with the least. I mean this in a broad sense of not just talent, but also dealing with resources. Let me explain:

Wake has never been known as a football powerhouse - hell, we're the third smallest FBS school (behind only Rice and Tulsa) with only 4,000 or so undergrad students. That's not a whole lot of alumni to draw from in terms of funding...they're dedicated; but it was pointed out in the Orange Bowl in 2006 (which they lost against Louisville), that if every living alumni and student went to Dolphin Stadium...they still wouldn't fill it up more than half way. 

So, they comparatively don't have the alumni base to donate the big money for the football program. Being a small private school also means that we don't have a ton of in-state or other fans just because...say like, UNC or OSU.

Secondly, Wake is a top 25 school that is highly competitive and academically very challenging. It's hard for dedicated athletes to keep up with both. And there are definitely not a whole lot of majors to "hide in". The classes sizes are very small and the faculty is not disposed in the slightest to give the athletes any extra leniency.

All of these things lead to smaller resources, and fewer opportunities to recruit top athletes. Yet somehow, Grobe has managed to make competitive teams with what he has.

TL;DR: With few monetary resources and an environment not conducive to big programs, Grobe has managed to make something out of nothing.  




 I definitely talk like Toki and Skwisgaar for fun. Hilarious with metalocalypse fans....fuckin' bizarre when they're not 




 Freeze them!! FREEZE THEM NOWWW! /endAaahnoldvoice 




 How cute!! 
Google Translate didn't lead you wrong...at least not too much! That is indeed the kanji for carp, but often times Japanese people just use the katakana -  - which is, admittedly, not as aesthetically pleasing. So using the kanji is just somewhat formal. 

I could nitpick your kanji form - but that would just be insufferable - and it's definitely good enough for non-Japanese speakers!!

I too am in the same boat of hyperactivity - no Crisco exorcisms though! I haven't been able to just watch television since I was a kid - I always have to do be doing something with my hands! 




 Moxie is also older - 1876.  




 yeah it really is just because of the "Iron Man" connection - which was played in Iron Man 1. 




 I find that most bands will usually only have one design in a female version...if  even that. The options are usually pretty slim... 




 I love this building so much I'm getting married there in about 3 months :) 
























 You may or may not already have help in this area - but if you are interested in some resources regarding incunabulae (books printed in the first 50 years after Gutenberg), I'd be happy to help.  




 Okay, so clearly your second comment was awful - but perhaps worse, why would you deliberately call her out, as though she was not genuinely amused by this. Why would she fucking post it? I have a feeling if a male friend of yours posted this your response would not have been the same 




 I distinctly remember eating sand when I was a [really] little kid because I thought it was brown sugar. That shit is awesome 




 What game is this from?
 




 I agree - slightly deeper 




 BRB Clearing browser history. 




 Me too...I wish it were a gif :(
 




 Zach Braff, no one cares that you met someone. This isn't facebook 




 Yeah for real! I used to be very anemic all throughout high school - and I was a consummate tea-drinker as I didn't drink coffee at the time and most energy drinks didn't really exist at that point...so my best caffeine resource was tea! 

There are probably other factors, but I drink coffee now, and lo and behold I'm not anemic anymore! 




 I too work in a museum (assistant curator) - and while this is all highly amusing, the real potential problem with this is the risk of mold, insects, and other things that can be brought introduced to the museum that could damage the art in the collections. People pull this every once in a while, and half the time it's a painting that has sat in the attic forever....then actual expensive art gets infected with mold. Which costs the museum a lot of time to have conservators work on it... 




 Also a lady (who also took the survey) - I've played for 15+ years :|
 




 Look at Heidi Klum - she's a supermodel and every year she goes all out on over-the-top antithesis of "sexy" costumes. They're fantastic! 




 I would tend to agree with this - as someone who makes dumb cheddar by essentially being an intellectual, I'm usually greeted with enthusiasm and interest. Even by the branch of my family that are dyed in the wool conservatives and would be most people's conception of the "ignorant American" 




 Is it made by the Triangle Waist Company...? 




 Richard Branson needs to buy this place and make the world's scariest haunted house 




 My two favorite, no less! 




 Lies! I see new, still-in-plastic textbooks...FOR MUSIC. 




 Does he cheat or lie for apparently no reason in other situations? He may habitually lie - a problem that some people have - and this is just another extension of that. 

 




 Voyager.........:| 




 Make sure you clean your A/C grate! I find that it will get very dust quickly. A lot of people overlook it, but it makes a big difference in air quality as well as appearance. 




 Well George tends to get drunk and forget. 




 I'm not going to smile, best I can do is stand here awkwardly. 




 AND HE HAS HIS BUCKET 




 Take pictures dressed up in theme costumes or recreating movie scenes. Do at least one or two a day and then have a ridiculous album waiting for them when they return. 

 




 The question to ask is what he is will be wearing instead of a tux? If it's a nice suit that's relatively dark, don't sweat it. But anything else? Get le pissed. 




 Everyday coworkers and I go outside to eat lunch, and everyday the friendly desk attendant will push the button for us to exit - though sometimes they'll do it when we are coming back in - more than once this has almost hit us in the face 




 Hi! 

First piece of advice: people will not obsess over the things you say - good or bad. For the most part, people enjoy spending time with people and won't think about an awkward moment or awkward phrase. I think realizing this for me helped me gain confidence in what I was saying! Don't worry about it, because in all likely hood, nobody is really going to think about it that much! Plus, you'd be surprised what can really spark conversation.

My other tip, is that even as a pretty social and confident person, I occasionally "prep" if I'm going to be hanging out in a one-on-one situation. So, I'll look up some things in the news, or just funny pieces of trivia, etc. Just so I always have a few topics of conversation on tap, as it were.

Plus, sometimes a drink or two (nothing overboard!) can really help conversation flow and allow people to talk more freely
 




 One, two, three, four! Four counts of wrongful incarceration! ha ha ha 




 What's WRONG with me?? 




 I want to go to there 




 It's "student"-athletes like this that really cause most faculties to really resent athletics programs, and football in particular.  
























 My expertise is earlier than the 19th century, but I would say this looks pretty legitimate. Most forgeries or imitations typically would be of something more historically important (i.e. the bajillion copies of the declaration of independence). Something like this is certainly beautiful and can have personal value, but it doesn't have much monetary value.
TL;DR: LEGIT 




 I feel traumatized for having just read that.  




 This saved my skin (literally!). I had a waitress drop a pot of boiling water (for tea) right on my lap causing second degree burns. A few centimeters and it would have gotten my lady bits! A friendly chemist in the Blue Mountains recommended the oil and a vitamin E lotion. Absolutely no scarring whatsoever. 




 I should have been more clear - it's not the *certification* that is as important as the **training**.  




 Wow, thank you!! This is great, I too wish I could give you more upvotes :) 




 The thing to keep in mind is that if anything happens to a human being, you can be held liable. Your dog can be the sweetest, most non-violent pup, but therapy dogs are trained in order to be safe around all people, especially the most delicate.

Imagine the scenario: you are in the hospital visiting an ill or elderly person. A medical alarm goes off. You non-violent pup reacts as many creatures would - with surprise. It might do something as innocuous as jerking its head up or jumping off the bed. This could cause any number of problems like bruising or scratching a fragile person, pulling out IVs, etc. One of the main pieces of training for therapy dogs is to NOT REACT to these sorts of stimuli. To become certified there are tests like being put in a room and have various loud and unexpected noises (boxes dropped behind them, etc.). They must remain calm and fairly still to pass. 

So just please keep this in mind. I'm glad you brought happiness to someone, but realize that a golden is a pretty big dog to take a chance with all of these things.

Source: my mom has dog that she has specially trained to be a therapy dog to elderly and dementia patients. 




 I would like to see this with Bran and Hodor instead... 




 It wasn't. That's why absolutely everyone drank beer, ale, wine, fermented drinks...all of which involve boiling up until essentially the modern era. Water killed you. Well more precisely, the microbials in water, but they didn't have germ theory either. 




 Ctrl+F: Doctor Who. [Good.](http://i.imgur.com/aOehksN.gif) 




 Lord Finkleroy, the ruler we've been waiting for 




 All things serve the Beam 




 I mean, at least its not a uniform.  




 The [murals](http://www.indiana.edu/~benton/) are dead on though 




 Thought that the wikipedia article would be safe to figure out what this is. NOPE. 

 




 I love the [sausage festival!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddCKs8NmHfM) 




 Gothic cathedrals were also painted. [Amiens Cathedral] (http://www.france.fr/en/art-and-culture/amiens-cathedral-colour) has reproduced the effect by projecting images onto the southern portal: 
 




 Best way to convince your girlfriend to have anal sex? Definitely ask to put in her pooper. Pooper.

Pooper.

Sexy. 




 Yep, the adjudication of the cases more than triples when the death penalty is sought.  




 Do you actually have any obligation to send emergency vehicles, or talk them through crap like this? Can you actually just hang up on someone? 




 My husband is the same way! From my understanding, it's a histamine reaction; and yes, cooking fruits and veggies helps. When we make guacamole, we microwave the mushed avocados and it doesn't affect the taste. 

All of this works out perfectly because since birth I have hated most fruits. Especially anything orange-like. 




 Yeah my mom used to bribe me with quarters. I also refused them unless I had my Batman pillow.  




 It's cool to see him applying it himself...builds up the Bowie mythos even more in my mind 




 Also, when you're playing some of the early games, part of why you're even playing is to get the cred fro beating it. And part of the cred is playing with an original controller. Because when you put up with hand cramps and making sure the buttons are the right amount of jiggly and sticky...you're a real champ. 




 This will get buried, but a co-worker of mine knew John Wayne Gacy really well. To the point that Gacy painted a picture of his son.  




 I definitely read this as though you snapped your fingers...[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/edSgh0f)
 




 I knew Chris when I was at Wake, he was a year ahead of me. He was a genuinely great guy who was very down to earth. Legitimately intelligent too. I worked as a tutor for student-athletes, and he  had a reputation of excellence. I was sorry to see him go after his sophomore year, but at the same time I completely understand the career move. Glad he is still working for his degree. I was thrilled to see them retire his jersey, I only wish I could have been in W-S to see it! 









 I never quite understood why it was so freaking difficult. I was seven or so when it came out, and like many young girls at my age, was obsessed with dolphins (thanks, Lisa Frank). I had been gaming since birth (my dad bought me an NES when I was 2), so I had a bit of a leg up on many of my  girlfriends who desperately wanted to play. That and I already had a Sega Genesis. I still think I only would get to level 3 and fail. I even went back a few years ago to give it a shot, and got about half way through before rage quitting. It just boggles me that you would make a game where you are a freaking dolphin at the height of dolphin craze, a *perfect* way to get young girls into gaming...and then you make it stupidly hard to play. Asinine.  




 Man, I was just talking about that game with my husband last night. I was a huge TMNT fan. So of course I had both of the NES games. Being four, I was awful. I would usually just play the first few levels, then die. I haven't actually gone back as an adult to try my hand at them.  




 You're doing God's work 




 Well, there certainly was a majority of religious texts, but it wasn't exclusive. William Caxton, the first English printer, for example, printed the first editions of the Canterbury Tales. Printing presses actually spread like wildfire in the first 50 years, starting in Germany and then through the rest of Europe. The first 50 years is an admittedly artificial delineation (nothing really changed from year 50 to year 51), but it is very helpful for book historians, as it really was the period with printing spread throughout Europe and became common. People were actually pretty aware that it was a Big Deal. Between 160 and 185 copies were originally printed of the 42-line Bible (the commonly called Gutenberg Bible), and there are close to 50 surviving copies and numerous other fragments, which is a great retention rate. 

As for fonts, most of the early books were trying to mimic the handwriting of manuscripts at the time. From the pictures you posted, your book definitely follows this pattern. This font is usually called Gothic Textura, though paleography is quite the rabbit hole you can fall down. In terms of people developing fonts, gothic-type fonts were certainly popular in the early days, but as the Italian Renaissance started to take hold, many printers opted for the Roman monument font, as it represented the Classical ideas. It also helped that it was quite easy to read. Gothic scripts, and really all scripts in the medieval period, were systematically abbreviated for practical reasons (if you're writing absolutely everything out by hand, you build in some short cuts), but can be very difficult to pick up on if you aren't trained in reading them. I could go on, but like I said, it's quite a rabbit hole. 

Just at a cursory glance from the photos, I would say that the pages were trimmed at some point to be rebound. The binding is probably early, but not contemporary. 

I'll post some books later if you are interested in learning more about incunabula in general, Albert Magnus, or anything else you might like. I have an extensive bibliography at my home office, though with Valentine's Day it might not happen tonight :)
 
























 There is a [May Festival performance](http://www.mayfestival.com/festival.html) that evening - Wagner and Verdi! Definitely fancy, and great, classic song selections; one of which is the Bridal March, so you know, romantical (if you don't actually pay attention to the plot of the opera.) If you used that in your wedding, it might be double romanticals.  




 or not. Let's have a 3 up 3 down 9th! 




 Oof, I would love to see them pad the lead here in the 8th - come on Bruce! 




 If you have a smartphone or tablet, you can listen to 700 WLW on the [I Heart Radio app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.clearchannel.iheartradio.controller). It's free. It's supposed to be online as well, but I was having difficulties. Oh, and here's the link of you're an [iPerson.](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/iheartradio/id290638154?mt=8) 




 Check out the [Cincinnati Art Museum](http://www.cincinnatiartmuseum.org/visit/info/employment), they're always looking for part-time security guards, and I think they might be looking for cafe servers right now. It could be something to tide you over! 




 If you're up in the Mason area, I've always liked [Natorp's](http://www.natorp.com/). 




 Sorry to see a business close its' doors, but I don't think they'll have issues filling the space. Didn't have a great experience there though - it was for a bridal shower and the hostess had reserved their "party room." It was not totally closed off, which was fine, but then they kept seating other patrons in the area, even though the rest of the restaurant was open. Just...odd. 




 Thank god I'm not the only one! I thought I was taking crazy pills. I also had the distinct misfortune to post something snarky to Cubbies on facebook. I think ESPN should have to pay for my embarrassment.  




 I have friends swear that the place is haunted.  




 I don't think you have to have a ton of background in finance either. I had a friend get a job there recently with a marketing/photography background. 




 Homer isn't even his real first name - it's David. He took Homer as a nickname [after his grandfather, apparently.](http://cincinnati.reds.mlb.com/news/article.jsp?ymd=20070219 content_id=1808414 vkey=spt2007news fext=.jsp c_id=cin) 




 I found an article when [Reggie Sanders charged the mound in 1994](http://articles.latimes.com/1994-04-14/sports/sp-45939_1_perfect-game). I don't have any evidence that this is the most recent occurrence, but that's the latest I've found with minimal research. 

I don't think Choo will though. He seems too even-keeled for that. And I don't think anybody wants another [Carlos Quinten](http://i.imgur.com/kKzlslW). 




 Upon seeing an advertisement for a Civil War Chess Set on TV, I asked incessant questions about the "Silver War." 

 




 My parents did it themselves - and while quite a bit of work, it's not terribly specialized. The brunt of the work was leveling the ground where they were putting it in. I'm sure the folks at Home Depot or Menard's would be able to advise as well.  




 The [Crafty Supermarket](http://craftysupermarket.wordpress.com/) in Clifton is that day too! 




 [Here's looking at you, Sanabia.](http://i.imgur.com/3Mf9Hxk) 




 I'm glad you finally got to see a great game - and that you stuck it out to the end! I fell asleep with the gamecast playing on my tablet in the 11th. It was great news to wake up to though! 




 Ha, yes, I was! It was really awesome, it was my first year too. Bruce was definitely great; I thought everyone was really super.  




 Not quite, but I was [Votto adjacent](http://imgur.com/jcAA94D). He seemed to be only taking pictures with kids, which, you know, fair enough.  




 Almost everyone. Votto and Frazier were definitely there, but they seemed to be only taking pictures with kids. I was standing next to two cute kids, so I was able to take creeper photos. The only players (excluding DL) I didn't see were Heisey and Chapman. And they had said in the invitation that the day's pitcher and catcher wouldn't be out, so no Bailey - though I did get one with Mesoraco! I also got pictures with Paul, Simon, Ondrusek, Broxton, Cingrani, Hannahan, and Robinson. Latos and Arroyo were there too, but I was busy getting another picture and I didn't manage to catch them.  




 My brother went with a [blank back style](http://shop.mlb.com/product/index.jsp?productId=3462659 cp=1452348.1452717.708007) - always relevant! Women's jerseys only come in [blank/personalize-able or Votto](http://shop.mlb.com/family/index.jsp?categoryId=1503775), so I decided to become part of the team :P  




 Thanks!! I really had an awesome time - my heart *was* racing at times! Go REDLEGS! 




 Season tickets! They sent us a invitation/ticket and you had to rsvp. It started at 10:30 before Sunday's game. You entered the park near the bullpen, and could get a spot anywhere around the outfield. Then the players, coaches, and announcers started making their way around! Everyone was really nice. I have others as well - but I only posted the highlight reel.  









 Well that was a beautiful thing to see upon waking. Now, I have 15 hours to get this nightmare fuel out of my brain 




 For everyone interested, ESPN is actually [filming a documentary](http://cincinnati.com/blogs/tv/2013/04/05/espn-films-teddy-kremer-for-e60/) about Teddy for their E:60 series. 
 




 He also asked for 11 K's - which they also got! For those who aren't Great American Ball Park regulars, everybody in attendance gets a free LaRosa's (4-topping, small) pizza! 




 This is going to sound harsh, but don't. Unless they specifically have put out a call for pieces, they don't want to hear from you. Museums and curators get a million calls from people that want them to look at their stuff. And many of you may find it cynical, but we generally don't care unless you are interested in donating it. And half the time not even then. It's an issue of being underfunded and understaffed (a fairly universal problem in the world of non-profit museums) that we just don't have the time to look at everything that comes around. A lot of museum's do have days in which members can bring one or two pieces in to consult with a curator. Think Antique's Roadshow style, where we don't tell you the value. I know some of the auction houses even do it. 

For what it's worth though,  it is a very lovely piece, I just wouldn't bother a museum unless you really want to part with it.

Source: (assistant) Curator

 




 I hope your girlfriend also got you a pillowcase 




 Yep, I have family that chastise me and get upset when I say "oh my god," and I'm almost 30. I just don't bring up religion with them. It may be disingenuous, but they're my family that I hardly ever see.
 




 I had a class with a Allen Mandelbaum whose translation of Dante's *Divine Comedy* is very well-regarded. For his class he assigned the [cheapest, paper-back copies of his translation.](http://www.amazon.com/Inferno-Bantam-Classics-Dante-Alighieri/dp/0553213393/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8 qid=1365800058 sr=8-2 keywords=allen+mandelbaum) Once class convened, he even asked us if the price was okay, and if it was too much he might be able to help.   
























 Super sharp white cheddar cheese and cherry Capri Sun. 




 Outside where I went to school (both middle and high) was an extensive network of fountains. It was tradition on the last day of school to throw your friends in the water. It was also tradition that once they were picked up by your posse, you emptied their pockets and took off their shoes. 

My first time round, at the end of 7th grade, a boy pushed me into the water without taking such precautions. I'm sure it was a juvenile attempt at flirtation. My new cellphone (it was Japan, everyone had cellies) was in my pocket and got ruined. It was a Christmas present from my parents and I really treasured it, so I didn't want them to think I didn't care for my nice things...so I made him go tell my parents. I think he even wrote a note in which he managed to apologize a multitude of times - I remember my dad finding it absolutely hilarious. The young man moved that summer and I never saw him again.  




 **WARNING: RAMBLING ART POST AHEAD**

I am an (assistant) curator at an art museum, where *many* of my colleagues are artists. Many of them are quite successful in the local art scene. Every one of them still keeps their day job. It's not even be an issue of marketing. The fact of the matter is, that most artists, but especially drawings don't earn big art money, even when you can market and sell them well. Even masters' drawings don't comparatively sell for a lot. A recent Picasso drawing [sold for $123,750 at Christie's](http://www.christies.com/lotfinder/drawings-watercolors/pablo-picasso-deux-personnages-et-tete-5678112-details.aspx?from=searchresults intObjectID=5678112 sid=f2dd6a3f-ab0c-495b-a096-df2efccb3001). Which, granted is not chump change. But compare that to the [$106.5 million one of his paintings sold for in 2010](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/06/arts/06iht-melik6.html?_r=0). 

So I clearly understand that your friend is not Picasso, but go ahead and google "ink drawings for sale," and you'll probably find plenty of places selling prints. People who make money drawing make prints, because you can take your hours and hours of work and then sell it many times for a small(er) amount of money. If you're wise, an amount of money that the Average Joe is willing to shell out an an art fair, say $25-50 for an 8x10. Less for greeting cards.

The other thing is subject matter and the idea of an artist. Most people now-a-days think of the artist as a true, pure, creative soul unburdened by the practicalities of the world. This is a *fairly* recent concept, and throughout most of history artists were considered and considered themselves more like craftsmen. And like craftsmen, they were dependent on commissions and patrons. Most artists were **told** what to draw. Artists today can certainly do that. But I think savvy artists can take advantage of an existing market. Take a look at top etsy and deviantart sellers, they create art from fan-favorite shows, sports teams, universities, etc. People love to buy pretty art representing things they already love. 

So, for the unsolicited advice to nobody in particular: If you want to make money drawing, make beautiful drawings of the favorite historic building downtown or at your local university. Make prints, put it on mousepads and coffee mugs and greeting cards. Sell it at local stores. Frame the original and sell it for 10-15x the asking price of the print. 

You still might have to keep your day job. 

He is very talented though. :) 




 The tickets have been claimed, thanks! 




 Hey Pittsburgh! I just received two tickets at my workplace (out of the blue) to the [Silk Screen Asian American Film Festival](http://www.silkscreenfestival.org/). Only problem is, I live in Cincinnati and have no plans to make it out to Pittsburgh in the coming week! The festival is from Today (May 10th) through the 19th. They are $10 face value, and are good for admission to any film presentation at the Regent Square Theater, Melwood Screening Room, or the Carnegie Museum of Natural History. It does say it is not valid for special events.

If anyone would like these two tickets, I will gladly send them to you in the mail - just PM your address! 




 Please tell me this is called, [The Colors of the Wind](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diQgSDWJL7o) 




 There are a myriad of reasons why its happened over the centuries. Many early medieval manuscripts were cut up in the later medieval period to provide scrap material for the creation of new manuscripts (paste down pages and binding strips, etc.). Essentially they were using old-fashioned codices to create fancy new ones. Useful, in their eyes, especially as vellum was costly. Some of these fragments have been preserved because they were used in this way! This continued on for a long time. 

Nowadays, it still happens as rare book dealers can get a greater amount of money by breaking up a book rather than selling it complete. The best example of this is the Audubon Double-Elephant folio. Double-Elephant is a reference to the size of the paper. Audubon wanted to render the birds as life-size. So the large paper format allowed him to fit in the larger birds - many are [craning their necks to fit in the page.](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_U3smsd2mIlI/TMOBcAE-H9I/AAAAAAAAEKs/W1QC8zBbafA/s1600/American_Flamingo.jpg) He then issued these out as a series to subscribers. Not every subscriber went the full length of subscription, so a full set is fairly rare to begin with. The most recent set sold at auction for $11.5 million. Now, dealers will get a hold of these volumes and obviously want to make as much money as possible. So, instead of trying to find *one* buyer willing to spend $11 mill., they will find *many* buyers who are willing to spend some thousands to buy a *leaf* from the folio. Some of the large birds can go quite high, into the six figures. And often, when you add up the sale price of all of these individual prints, it will exceed the cost of the complete set. The prints are highly desirable as individual plates also, because they are easier for collectors to display and look great on a wall. 

I agree that it is awful. You should try and preserve things as much as possible. Some of the early stuff though happened 800+ years ago, and it's hard to get angry about it. It is part of the object's history and often is very enlightening to the period. The manuscript you looked at is very fine and quite complete - this isn't your typical example! There are tons of fragments and single leaves that can also be beautiful and illuminating.

For a fairly detailed analysis of the price break-down on Audubon's folios: http://blog.audubonart.com/?p=81 




 I just wrote a lengthy response to /u/element4l about my specific path. It was both a combination of education and practical experience.  




 Oh and I forgot to mention this in the tome I wrote above, but be aware of the programs. Frankly ranking and regard of program are considerations. At least in the United States, to work in any library you must have your MLS. This is somewhat problematic as there are wildly divergent needs at different types of libraries. Rare books and university librarians do generally need the rigor of a Master's program to best serve their patrons. Generally speaking, public librarians, school librarians, etc. shouldn't necessarily need a Masters degree. The perpetual complaint of reference librarians at many of these institutions is that they never actually answer reference questions - just where the bathroom is. Because of these disparate needs, there are many programs that cater more specifically to the latter group. If you are serious about Rare Books, Archives, or Museum work - you need to find a top program that has highly regarded specialties in your chosen field. For MLS programs, you need to look at the top tier and really investigate their specialty programs. 




 Thanks! I certainly think so! :) 




 Thanks! I find it to be - I absolutely love what I do. I wrote a very long response to /u/element4l above. Short story is that it's a life-long passion that I worked quite hard for.  




 Yes! Sorry for the out of the blue reference. It's very lightweight but quite durable. It's almost translucent. It was used a lot for carbon copies and for air mail correspondence (light weight = cheaper) in the past, so you do run across it a lot in manuscript collections.  




 Well, I will say it was a lot of hard work and a good dash of luck. I'm happy to share my story though. I absolutely love my job. I will give a word of warning that as you are already in you mid-twenties, you many have a steep road ahead of you. But nothing is impossible! This will be somewhat long!

**1. Education**
When I was an undergraduate I majored in History and Medieval Studies - a very interdisciplinary field that has served me well in both graduate school and my career. I then continued on to obtain my Master's in Library Science with a specialization in rare books and manuscripts. You can major in anything and go to Library school. There are also Museum studies programs that typically require an art history or history background, which can also be good options. Pay attention in your classes and develop relationships with professors in fields you are passionate about. When they know you really care about what you are doing, most professors are happy to help you in any way. Sit down and chat with them one-on-one. I went to a school that had very small class sizes and professors really cultivated student relationships which was wonderful. Ask them for advice. And yes, go talk to curators if you can. Start at your university's museum if they have one. We're busy folk, so you might not always get a response out of the blue. Try going to smaller museums in person and seeing if someone has the time to show you around and talk about their path. Everyone's is certainly not identical to mine.

**2. Language**
A big part of what helped me to get where I am is languages. I grew up in Japan and learnt Japanese, I then picked up Anglo-Saxon/Old English and Latin in college. Both of these helped me to be somewhat proficient in both Germanic and Romance languages, respectively. If you don't have a foreign language, start one today. Pick something that interests you and that pertains to the field in which you are most passionate. I learned dead languages because the objects I work with are written in them. If you are passionate about Greek art you better speak Greek. It is discouraging to many, but you will be a much better curator and you will be far more interesting to future employers with language skills. 

**3. Practical Experience**
When I was an undergraduate I worked in my university's library, just at the circulation desk, but was able to get some shifts in the very small rare books reading room from time to time. The minute I got to graduate school, I went to the rare books library and told them, "I want to work here, I'll do anything." Which worked, I was able to get an entry-level position that then allowed me to advance in the ranks.
While at graduate school, I did an internship with the curator of Manuscripts. I was able to time this well that I worked from start to finish on an exhibition of 100 medieval manuscripts. Also in this project we published a fully illustrated catalogue that was written by the leading expert in the field. I learned so much not only in terms of manuscript studies, but publishing, exhibition design, interdepartmental cooperation, and more. 

**4. Attitude and Decorum and Getting Your Foot in the Door**
 I cannot tell you how important a willing and cheerful attitude is. And not just when you are getting to handle the beautiful pieces. This is very important and I think would serve many people well, not just in the arts - **you have to be willing to do bitch work.** I know so many people who feel that it is beneath them to *insert menial task here* because they have a *insert higher degree here.* I have never had that mentality and always been a type of person who will pitch in to make things happen. I have quickly made myself a reliable and dependable person who is willing to just about anything to get the job done. Again, when I first started working at the rare books library, it wasn't anything glamorous - I essentially sat at a desk and made sure patrons didn't go into closed off areas. Was it bitch work? Yes. Did it require the amount of education I had already amassed? No. Did I whine about it? Absolutely not. I was happy to be there. And I met and became friends with everyone on staff. So two months later when a reference position opened up, guess who was at the top of the list to be promoted? THIS GIRL. I also made a point to dress professionally, even when it was not mandated. Most of the other student workers would wear normal casual clothes - t-shirts, jeans, etc. I never did and I noticed that I generally got treated more seriously by both staff and patrons. A second story to drive the point home: when I graduated I was job hunting and moved to a new city (for various reasons). Again, I went, *in person* and offered my services to even volunteer at a museum. They didn't have an open position but I began to volunteer a few times a week. (I was working other places at the time to support myself.) A few months later, an assistant curator position was funded, and having plenty of connections and friends at the museum I was able to easily get an interview and was hired.

I hope this helps answer some of your questions! If this generated more, please ask.  




 These programs are typically designed for someone going into a more traditional conception of librarianship. This would not be useful for someone interested in archives or rare book librarianship (different things, mind you!), both fields where practical experience with the physical objects is very highly regarded.  




 Thanks! I love what I do, and I both worked incredibly hard, but I also got very lucky. 

In undergraduate I majored in History and Medieval Studies - very interdisciplinary study which helped me greatly in graduate school and in my career. 

I also picked up a number of languages. I grew up in Japan where I learned Japanese. In college I studied Anglo-Saxon/Old English and Latin (both of which open doors to later Germanic and Romance languages, respectively). 

I obtained my Masters in Library Science, with a specialty in rare books and manuscripts. I went to a school that has a very highly regarded rare books library and program. Many Library schools don't have this, and a general MLS will typically not serve you well. Also, rare book library/museum work really values having worked with the art objects themselves.

Upon starting my program, I was able to get a job at the rare books library where I was able to work with amazing materials every day. I also got an internship in which I worked one-on-one with the Curator of Manuscripts. From start to finish on the creation of an exhibition and catalogue of medieval manuscripts. 

Upon graduation it was a combination of this practical experience, education, languages, plus a good dash of being in the right place at the right time that helped me get my current job as an assistant curator at an art museum.  




 It's certainly not the worst sin in the pantheon of rare books. For a fascinating and agonizing read, get a copy of [Cutting up Manuscripts for Pleasure and Profit](http://www.amazon.com/Cutting-up-manuscripts-pleasure-profit/dp/B0006QLXZ4).  




 Gesso is a form of sizing, which is a broad category which (at least in terms of gilding in manuscripts) refers to any substance which aids gold in adhering to the surface of the page. In medieval manuscripts in Western Europe gesso was far and away the most common. In early manuscripts, you do see other adhesives being used. The 'flatter' gold here, in the foliate border, is probably more likely to be shell gold, which is powdered gold that was mixed with gum arabic, creating a gold ink. The initials are still likely to have a gesso base.  




 First off, I'm a rare books librarian/curator whose specialty is medieval manuscripts. What other people have said regarding the use of gloves is absolutely true. Generally, most constrain your dexterity to be compromised with gloves, which is a big concern when turning pages of books or letters ( especially onion skin!). This, however, is not the case in every library, and you should always follow the rules of the institution. 

Another facet of vellum/parchment is that your hands can actually be beneficial. Vellum/parchment is untanned animal skin that has been treated in various ways. It is, in some ways, akin to leather. And just as leather is improved by periodic conditioning, so too is parchment. The natural oils in your hands can help to keep the parchment supple. Makes sure you don't have heavy lotions though. You must, however, be *very careful* to not touch any of the ink, pigment, or gold. This is much more sensitive. Just watch your  hands OP, that gold is very delicate! Its microns thick and applied to a layer of gesso (a chalk like substance). 

edit: I accidentally a word. 




 The key would be that we're talking about a great-grandfather. For most reddit users, their great-grandfathers were probably born in the late 19th century or early 20th. Most rural locales did not get electricity until later in the 20th. My own grandfather (not even great, mind you), grew up on a farm in Tennessee and remembers when they had their first lightbulb - probably in the mid-to-late 1930s. Given that this great-grandpappy was a rancher in Texas, they probably didn't have a electricity or a telephone and probably just rode his horse to visit his friends. 




 I think I remember the place! Never tried it though - I always saved my stomach space for [MOMIJI MANJU](http://i.imgur.com/SdFROwK) when heading to Miyajima!  




 Fellow Kobe-jin! Give me Kansai-style or give me death! Also, where's the mayo??  




 I want to shower you with sugar lumps, and ride you over fences! 




 We got a product called 'stimulo' which is essentially a tray with short tubes in which you put food. It helps the cat too slow down and simulates their kitty brains. But this should also be combined with portion control 




 I believe that it is actually a tenor recorder! I was in an early music consort in college, and they get even bigger (contra-bass are huge!); I never played on public transport though... 




 So, is there a subreddit for those sleeping with their cousins?? There's certainly enough of you.
 




 The real question is how Patrick Stewart got a hold of the Cup of Christ after it fellow in the crevasse. 




 Glad to hear you're in agreement! Peer review is a wonderful thing. 




 First off, I'm a rare book librarian/curator that specializes in Medieval Manuscripts. The notation method is known as [neumes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neumes), the predecessor to our modern musical notation. It appears as early as the 9th century, though this is obviously much later. To my eye this is definitely mid-15th century. It is written on vellum/parchment, and has been repaired with the same. 

You had a picture of the "interesting repair work"...this is some vellum from a smaller (in actual size) codex; you can tell from the line of prickings along the edge. [Parchment would be folded and pricked](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0akEes4NNw), that way, when the scribe was writing out the lines of text - they would be in a uniform spot throughout the codex. It looks like they got prick happy with the rest of the corner and ended up using it as repair spot.

The stitching was fairly common in poor quality vellum. When you create vellum/parchment it involves stretching the skin very tautly on a frame and then scraping it with a mezzaluna knife to remove skin, hair, etc. To an inexperienced maker, they can easily rip holes. Sometimes, they occur naturally - perhaps a cut on the animal prior to death. While finishing the vellum, they would sew up the holes and you can often see it in manuscripts. Sometimes scribes would [even write around the stitching or existing hole.](http://library.osu.edu/blogs/rarebooks/files/2008/12/gui_mss-hole.jpg). [Here's one where the stitching has fallen out or disintegrated over the years](http://library.osu.edu/blogs/rarebooks/files/2008/12/gui_mss-hole.jpg).


This is an old binding, but not original. The main reason I can tell is that your text block has been trimmed. If you look on your first illumination page, you can see where the top is cut off. I would also say that this might only be part of the original book. 120 pages seems quite short for an Antiphoner of that size. I wouldn't be able to tell for sure though without examining it more closely and whipping out some collational formulas. Don't worry, this is very, very common with old codices. If I were to guess at this point on the binding without examining it, I would say that it probably 16th-17th century. 

Lastly, for the time being, I don't know who your friend talked to, but this is worth far more than a few hundred. Just the fact that you have (at least) a partial codex it's worth much more than that. It's frankly, not in *great* physical condition, but I've certainly seen worse. Unless the dealer thought it was fake, I see absolutely no reason why he would quote them such a low price. And to my eye, it looks genuine.

 




 It was a hell of a play!  




 OH AND CHAMPAGNE. You can get champagne. Chicks dig it when you give them champagne.  




 Also, pro tip, bring some cash to get chocolate from Divine's at the intermission. Most things are only a few bucks - a wide selection from chocolate covered pretzel rods (white, milk, dark) to fancy shmancy truffles. 
























 I've been looking forward to this, I loved Infinite and I hope that the story dlc will be worth the wait. I'm hoping that the extra time equates high quality! I'm especially looking forward to playing as Elizabeth! 




 Yes! I sprung for the Season Pass and I have definitely gotten my money's worth.  




 She's probably thinking you're the oblivious one, op. 

Talking ad nauseum about another guy is probably an attempt at gently letting you know that she is not interested in you romantically. She likes you enough to not reject you outright, and is hoping you get the hint.

EDIT: To be clear, I am not endorsing this behavior - just pointing out her possible motivations.  




 This! I've been on birth control since I was 15 to control my periods - I definitely was not sexually active until much later. Even if she is using it for its intended purpose though, be happy that she is proactive in her own health and that she trusts you enough to be involved! 

Make sure she knows the importance of taking the pill regularly and at the same time as it can affect efficacy. And that it doesn't prevent STDs - there's a lot of really bad information floating out there. Knowledge is her (and your) best friend. 




 Pretty great - it won both 'Most Creative' AND 'Best Overall'! 




 Thanks! I spent all day on them while he worked on the chili. I was pretty pleased with how they turned out  




 There were name tags with a spot for "interests," I put "arts and farts." 




 Nope, what with intellectual property I don't own and all. Just made the one-offs!  









 Original Poster - i.e. the person who authored the post.  




 Try searching for urban impressionists, or impressionistic cityscapes. Good luck! 




 That would be awesome but no de-contamination chamber. In the most general sense, "closed" just means that it is only accessible to library staff and the public can't browse the shelves. Closed or not most libraries try to have climate control, as extreme temperatures, humidity, etc. are awful for conservation. This becomes more important for rare books/manuscript libraries.  




 Also the light is a big issue. If it were up to librarians, there wouldn't be any windows in libraries at all. Take for example [Herman B Wells Library](https://picasaweb.google.com/lh/photo/u8bS2__uK8-jaeX1AM4xxg) at Indiana University at Bloomington. It was designed without windows because it was intended as a closed stacks library - meaning patrons would have to ask library staff to retrieve a book for you. This quickly didn't happen because most students wanted to be able to browse the stacks. So, they opened it up, but still no windows. Almost every rare book/manuscript library will be closed stacks though, and I find many European/British research libraries tend to follow this model as well.  




 Yes. And OP, and everyone else for that matter, **please** always give proper credit to the artist when you post their work. For reference this piece is by [Hsin-Yao Tseng](http://www.hsinyaotseng.com). This is copyrighted work, and I'm sure he doesn't appreciate this infringement without lack of credit or proper citation. Not to mention mis-attributing the city.

He has a show opening on October 5th at the Waterhouse Gallery in Santa Barbara, CA. SoCal Redditors should go and support great art! 




 I know the person who is Almost Politically Correct Redneck. The picture had made the rounds of the internet before its current incarnation, and he was aware of that. I'm not sure he realizes quite what it has become now-a-days.  




 I've started playing DOTP and really enjoy it and would like to start playing MTG IRL - but I'm having a hard time finding a good transition format.  




 I think I would be the one convincing my husband...
 




 I love my visible hair! A lot of people think I don't have any it's so fair. T 




 I'm not sure it's still open, can't seem to find a website, but Miss Annabelle's in Loveland was cute 




 This will likely get buried but it's a pretty bizarre story:

While I was in middle school and high school, my family lived in Japan as a result of my dad's job with an American based company that transferred him there. My mom, brother, and I were in the United States for one summer and had taken a trip to Cedar Point in Sandusky, OH - not our home town. It was a hot day and we took a break to sip some beverages on some "jungle cruise" type attraction. The host of the ride was engaging the passengers and asked where everyone was from. It came round to us and we said our city in Japan. The guy in front of us then turns around, and says, "Oh, are you with BlankCompany?" Which was correct, and odd as most people assumed military. My mother affirmatively; he then asked our last name. She then, somewhat hesitatingly replied. He then asks, "Where's Librarnox'sDad'sFirstname." After we got over the shocked silence, we find out that this was the guy who had been doing our taxes for the last 5 years. My mom knew his name from paperwork, but had never actually met him IRL. To add another layer, he wasn't from Sandusky either, I think he was from Pittsburgh or something.

Oh, and just the other week, my soccer coach from Japan showed up randomly to an event at my place of business - in the mid-western United States... 




 In an otherwise great show, they have a scene in *Orange is the New Black * when Pennsatucky gets picked up by a super-right-wing/Christian law firm and she walks into the court room, there are people with signs, cheering, etc. Would not happen in a court room. Though strangely enough *My Cousin Vinny* has some of the most accurate representation of court room procedure! 




 I believe it said something to the extent of "happy birthday, I'm glad you're trail brought you here"

I bought this for a friend a week ago, and it seemed at, as she had relocated within the last year. 




 I think there's at least 3 for each brewery, not sure which specific brews 




 Check out the Lebanon, South Lebanon, Morrow, Kings, Landen, etc. They are all not far off of 71 and the state highways in and out of Wilmington. Close enough to easily get to Cincinnati if you are so inclined. There's plenty of apartments there! 




 5:00 to 9:00 - The event itself is free and its $10 for 10 tastings (for either chili or beer!), $20 for a wristband for 30!

Breweries 50 West, Blank Slate, Great Lakes, and Rivertown will all be there.  




 The tail was full of demons. 




 It was boring until my brain was on autopilot and I slammed on the brake as though it were the clutch...

Luckily just jerked my friend around a bit. I love my stick. 




 Level 5 and 9 are low enough that it wouldn't take terribly long to get back up there quickly if you just want to start a new character. You could play a new Siren - you're fully up on the skill trees and what works well. If you want something more long range, Zer0 is good, but I find that he works best when paired with another character. Axton's turret is bonkers, and can be used to good effect - much more in the thick of things. And I do have to put a good word in for Salvador - he is fun as hell to play. But I always love berserkers :) 




 The Gorge is great - the Hocking Hills are amazing too. Basically anywhere in Vinton county - the least populous county in the state! 




 I feel 100% confident that Mozart would tweet the shit out of everything. And be a selfie king. This is the same man who wrote [Leck mich im Arsch](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leck_mich_im_Arsch), or "Lick me in the Ass." 




 This. thisthisthis. It was a low point in my life when I had to essentially put a used tampon in my purse for later disposal since dude-bro didn't have a trashcan in his bathroom. This was just at a random party. Do this even if you don't have a female significant other. 
























 This may not be what you're looking for if your problem is just seasonal - but I have pretty dry skin and this used to be a big issue for me. And I found that getting your skin in as good shape as possible is really key to making it look good. I make sure I wash my face really well - I just use a basic cleanser but I use a clairsonic - I think it really works wonders. Next use a chemical exfoliant. I'm addicted to Dr. Dennis Gross Alpha Beta peel (aka Black Magic Face Pads) but they are NOT cheap. If this is not a constant issue I don't know that you would find the investment worthwhile. There are other peels that have some of the same ingredients though. After that, I then moisturize giving time for it to sink in well, and then I follow with primer - also giving it sink in time. Then I use my Bare Minerals foundation that I use all over followed by the tinted mineral veil. I'm using the compact formula now which has a bit more coverage than the loose powder - when I used that I would use a powder concealer to touch up any red still shining through. This way it was easy to blend it into my overall foundation.

I sometimes find with blemishes and nose dryness liquid concealer can often get cakey especially as the hours pass on.  




 It would afford the same control the pill gives to women - having personal and discreet control over your re-productivity. It was probably more revolutionary when it was made available to women because the other methods are often complicated, unreliable, or unavailable to women of social status. [Try getting  getting your tubes tied or even getting an IUD as a woman who hasn't had children *now, much less 53 years ago]. 

Men do have the option of condoms, though I understand many men don't like to use them, and relatively easy access to vasectomies (which can be reversed). The pill however is a discreet and simple way for personal control. 




 This is a well-meaning and legitimate question: why did you take your kids with you to Ikea?

We live near one and my husband and I go fairly often just to eat meatballs and stock up on tealights and crab paste (KRABBA!). But I see kids swarming all the time; I almost stepped on one when it divebombed in front of me. But I've *really* always wondered why they are even there. And if they are, why they aren't in Small-land? 




 I tend to blend my Milk base out, especially around the edges, with my fingers. I don't typically wait terribly long, but a minute or two, and then I just apply my eyeshadow with brushes as normal.  




 When I was in high school my mom gave me a few Bobbi Brown lip palettes. I never really used them - but I wasn't very into lipstick or very serious about my makeup. Luckily I saved all the things (and they held up) and now  ten years later I use them pretty frequently!  




 I know of at least a few stores where it has nothing to do with my perception - these gendered sections are in fact *labeled* as such. I was at a chain store specializing in scrapbooking materials that had a labeled "BOYS" section, where the Star Wars stickers and paper was located, and the "GIRLS" section - no Star Wars. 
 




 You look fantastic! 









 As a lifelong (female) Star Wars fan I get super mad when there are stores where things are categorized by gender and Star Wars are under the 'boy' section. I have to restrain myself...
 




 YES! This was my first time using it and it was instant love! Prior to getting on MUA, I had really only used pencil liners. I picked up a liquid liner a few weeks ago (Loreal Lineur Intense) but wasn't too pleased with it - didn't really have the opacity I wanted.   




 Thank you! 




 I uploaded this on my tablet and didn't have a chance to write up a product list, but here it is:

* **Face:**
* Olay Fresh Effects BB Cream (light to medium)
* Bare Minerals (Medium Beige)
* *Contouring with:*
* Bobbi Brown Bronzing Powder (1 Natural)
* Bare Minerals Eye Brightener (Well-Rested)
* *Blush:*
* Bare Minerals (the Aphrodisiac)

* **Eyes:**
* NYX Jumbo Eye Pencil (Milk)
* Elf Geometric Eyeshadow Book (Glam - used some of the green shades)
* Maybelline Eye Studio Gel Liner
* Maybelline MegaPlush Mascara

* **Brows:**
* Benefit Browzings (medium)

* **Lips:**
* NYX Soft Matte Lip Cream (Sao Paulo)

edit: formatting 









 I missed it too! ALAS :( 




 This is so BADASS. 
 




 Delivering something warm? Or perhaps with catnip? :) 




 Not Python related, but Michael Palin, I adore your travelogues. Pole to Pole is probably my favorite - I love the vastly different cultures you encounter but I have to imagine that passing through the USSR just as it was on the brink of collapse was shocking. I was amazed that it did not seem at all imminent to many of the people you met. What has been your favorite trip so far? 




 When I was in elementary school I was home sick and my mom rented me Holy Grail. She said she thought I would like it and went out to run errands. I loved it, and when it got to the end I actually sat through all of the music after the film ends. I sat there waiting for the movie to come back before I realized that it wasn't. Then I sat and laughed my ass off realizing it was actually the best way it could have ended. 

To this day, I still watch it when I'm home sick. I'm convinced it has healing powers. 




 The part of "The Universe" when Eric and Terry are in space and the big green grid comes up is where I always conceived of all maths happening. Thank you, it makes maths much more enjoyable. 

It starts at 1:35
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWVshkVF0SY 




 Document everything and GET A LAWYER!! Good luck! 




 [ugh](http://imgur.com/y1hV9pt) 




 Depending on how old grandma is she may not know the neighbor girl's age. When I visit my grandparents' assisted living home some people ask when I'm graduating from high school and others attempt to set me up with their sons who would be my father's age. I'm in my late 20s. I've just realized that at a certain age, you stop caring or being capable of determining young people's ages. 




 My dad (an engineer) has always said that "big ass" is a technical term.  




 In high school we read the play "'Master Harold'...and the Boys" by Athol Fugard - a play that explores institutional racism in apartheid-era South Africa. People were so uncomfortable calling the characters black (or white), that my teacher had to routinely tell people to stop calling the black characters African-Americans. I recall him yelling, "THEY'RE JUST AFRICANS." 




 The beer shampoo  interesting... my (American) mother used beer on her hair when she was growing up. I think it was supposed to increase shine. She wouldn't really drink beer until she was in her late 40s because for her it was akin to smelling like soap! 




 I would highly recommend you talking to a counselor or administrator of some kind to get *something* on the record. Also, keep all those texts. Given his aggressive behavior, it would be wise of you to have a record. Since he is your professor, he is in a position of power over you, and he could use that to your great disadvantage.  




 SWEET SWEET PEARLY 




 My husband and I have played through TTAODK two or three times and I have cried EVERY DAMN TIME.

But then Butt Stallion makes it all betta. 




 My guess is that someone Axebombed the place. When I was in college, Axe would send a lot  of the frats boxes of sample sizes. The bros employed them by duct-taping the sprayer down, threw them into suites, and held the doors closed.  




 I know I enjoyed it because while the plot could be understood, it did put faith in its audience and put some challenging ideas out there. Also, the way the stunts were done (largely without CGI) were incredibly and really added to my enjoyment of the film.  




 I will say, while the plot, dialogue, and characters were as thin as Chinese gymnast, the reason to enjoy that movie is the incredible set design and costumes. But then you should probably watch the 'making of' videos instead of the movie itself... 
























 I absolutely love mine. I use it daily to cover my under-eye circles and my quite red nose. I use the shade Vanilla and use it under the Nars powder foundation (Deauville) and it lasts all day without creasing. 

I would recommend putting it on in stages and working fairly quickly. If you let it sit too long on your skin before blending it can get wonky.  




 I would recommend going to Sephora or another makeup store that has a good reputation. I then wait to ask a SA that has foundation that looks good. Then I ask them for help. 

The other factor that I had to overcome is speaking up when a foundation isn't what you want. If it doesn't look right on your skin, say so. They will bee understanding and try again. 




 I THIRD this recommendation - I'm actually glad you have the link because I got these as a stocking stuffer at Christmas and I LOVE them. They work really, really well.  




 I think this is an amazing tutorial by MonsiieurAlex on applying blush: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mq_IRULlz4w

He is gearing it specifically towards red blush but it applies to any shade. It is perfect for highly pigmented blushes (think Nars, Tarte, etc). It really revolutionized the way that I apply blush - even with bright/bold shades you have a refined and polished look. 




 I am an art curator and my colleagues and I had the wonderful opportunity to see an advanced screening of The Monuments Men last night. I thought it was delightfully entertaining and did a tremendous job of getting people to care about art. So, thanks. I hope you enjoyed portraying my profession, albeit in a far more dramatic time. 




 Well, I can vouch for the trains in Japan (at least in the Osaka area). If a train is even slightly delayed the board will show how many minutes behind it is and when you disembark if it has been late longer than a few minutes, they'll give you a slip as you pass through the turnstile. 




 I got a Target coupon the other day for this - I was excited before but now I'm SUPER JAZZED 




 Having once been a poor teenager myself, keep an eye out for 2 for 1 deals. I occasionally see them at Target for CoverGirl mascaras. Its a fantastic deal, just keep the second tube sealed until you need it!  




 I was going to say the same thing about the mascara - I would suggest getting a new tube. You'd probably have more volume and less clumping of your lashes. I love the way you created this - I like seeing each step! 




 What area of town would it be in? 




 The high pigmented matte pencils? I do love the colors but I haven't tried that formula. I do, however, love the Cashmere lip cream - it lasts all day for me. 




 I've always noticed it too - I'm sure the main reason is not verisimilitude but a more interesting shot. It's way more compelling to see people moving and different situations than just two people sitting at table. And especially if you're a crime show where you are constantly questioning people, it would make for some pretty static television.  




 Word. My chow absolutely refuses to come inside when it snows, its the climate he was bred for and he absolutely loves it. 




 In the United States, if you donate art you can get:

* An immediate income tax deduction
* Avoidance of the tax on capital gains on appreciated assets
* An estate and gift tax deduction

I believe there are similar incentives in other countries. 

On the museum side of things, it is a form of income, and therefore is valid to their taxes. But it is also important for them to have an accurate understanding of value for insurance. 

TL;DR: Tax write-offs 




 I'm not familiar with the laws and regulations in Slovenia but many countries do have [laws](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treasure_trove) requiring finds to be made known to the government. Typically, if the government is interested in keeping the find, the finder is compensated monetarily. 

Even if Slovenia doesn't have this sort of regulation, it is wise to have it appraised. Typically though, a reputable museum would require you to have an appraisal before a gift was made (for tax reasons - both yours and the museums).  




 What a great opportunity for you to educate him otherwise! And if still feels that way he can go fuck himself! 




 I think this is a really beautiful "no makeup" look - I think a little pop of color would had a lot of punch! You have such lovely skin tone I think you would look gorgeous with a dark lip 




 I will say, I think you're 'everyday look' brings polish to your look - you definitely look gorgeous either way though. 




 Ha, I make sure that the label isn't facing out - no matter what it is or what I use it for - Monistat just makes people think of yeasty vagoos. 




 PREACH 




 Needlepoint/Cross-stitch is pretty great too. You can get all the materials for quite cheap and a project can really last a while! I've worked on some for years on end. It's not super hard either - so it's perfect to do while watching tv or a movie. 




 You're most welcome! 

As for getting color matched, the service is indeed free! Just be honest with them, I've never felt pressure when I was up front about my intentions. A sales person at Sephora or a department store will understand the importance of figuring out how a foundation wears throughout the day and not in the first five minutes you have it on. Just the other day I went to test some products in order to make a wish list for Christmas. I told this to the salesperson at the start, and she was very helpful in picking out products, colors and application. If you feel nervous still, say something like, "Hi, I've never used a whole lot of makeup, but I'm interested in getting a foundation but I have no idea where to start. I want light to medium coverage and my price range is $xx-xx. Could you help me get color matched and find some options? Since I'm so new to this, I would really like to test one or two out before I commit." 

As for your brows, too bad about the Brow Bar! I've heard great things about it - but I actually only had my brows shaped once and I have just maintained them since. Maybe ask among your friends if anybody has a person they trust? And yes, typically if you have long hairs I just take tiny scissors (the same I use for my nails) and I just trim them. 

I also forgot to mention that it might help you to have some basic make up brushes. The ELF brushes are very affordable and will be better than the small applicators that will come with makeup. To start out I would recommend a brush for blush and two eyeshadow (one for blending - the package will probably use this as a descriptor). 




 No. 12 Corail Fauve is my jaaaam! 




 As for your skin - I would say that you probably have combination skin. Do you have a typical routine? Perhaps consider getting into a basic skin care routine. Start out with basic cleanser (I actually just use plain [Neutrogena glycerine soap](http://www.amazon.com/Neutrogena-Original-Formula-Soap-Ounce/dp/B000052YLL/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8 qid=1387228154 sr=8-3 keywords=neutrogena+glycerin+soap) which retails at $5 or less) as well as a moisturizer. Some that many people like are [Olay Regenerist Micro Sculpting Cream Fragrance Free Moisturizer](http://www.amazon.com/Olay-Regenerist-Micro-Sculpting-Cream-Ounce/dp/B0012J30LY/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1387228237 sr=8-1 keywords=Olay+Regenerist+Micro+Sculpting+Cream+Fragrance+Free+Moisturizer) (Retails around $22, I personally use this and love it. I have skin more on the dryer side of combination) or [Aveeno Positively Radiant Daily Moisturizer](http://www.amazon.com/Aveeno-Positively-Radiant-Daily-Moisturizer/dp/B001IM5VT4/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8 qid=1387228270 sr=8-2 keywords=Aveeno+Positively+Radiant+Daily+Moisturizer) (retails at around $15). Feel free to experiment though. Try using both at least daily - see how your skin feels after about a week or so. 

In addition to this face care - I would recommend getting an eye makeup remover if you are planning on wearing any kind of eye makeup. I think the [Up and Up brand at Target](http://www.target.com/p/up-up-makeup-remover-5-5-oz/-/A-11573878#prodSlot=medium_1_1 term=Up+and+Up+makeup+remover) is fantastic. Use this with some cotton pads or even TP, and it will be much much gentler on your eyes than just soap. 

Since you have typically not used a lot of makeup I'm assuming that you would not be so keen on a full coverage foundation. You have quite nice skin so you can definitely use something on the lighter side. A great concealer that many people like is the [Hard Candy Glamoflauge Concealer](http://www.amazon.com/Hard-Candy-Glamoflauge-CONCEALER-pencil/dp/B009Z3MG0K/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8 qid=1387228376 sr=8-3 keywords=hard+candy+glamoflauge+concealer) (retails Around $8.50). If you want more coverage, perhaps [Cover Girl Clean Foundation](http://www.amazon.com/CoverGirl-Sensitive-Liquid-Makeup-Bottles/dp/B003FBRVCQ/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8 qid=1387228411 sr=8-6 keywords=Cover+Girl+Clean+Foundation) is quite nice ($5-6). I personally feel more comfortable with more coverage and I am willing to splurge for something that works really well for me. If you feel you might like something more - consider going to [Sephora and getting color matched](http://www.sephora.com/color-iq). Then test more than one and ask for samples. Don't buy on the spot - see how it feels and looks throughout the day, then buy. 

In terms of blush, I would try the [Nyx Powder Blush](http://www.ulta.com/ulta/browse/productDetail.jsp?productId=xlsImpprod3020029#). I think the Mocha or Desert Rose shade would be really nice with your coloring. 

I think your brows look fantastic - you may want to have them very slightly shaped. [Benefit Brow Bar](http://www.benefitcosmetics.com/brand/boutiqueoverview/browbars) can help - they are typically pretty great. It doesn't look like you need to fill them in at all. If you want to have them held in place consider a clear wax, but it may not be necessary. 

Eyeshadow and eyeliner can really help your eyes pop from behind glasses. [Maybelline Eye Studio gel liner](http://www.amazon.com/Maybelline-Studio-Lasting-Eyeliner-Blackest/dp/B0030HNNS6/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1387228796 sr=8-1 keywords=maybelline+eye+studio+gel+eyeliner) is crazy fantastic but it might be above your skill level if you're not used to lining your eyes. It comes in a small pot with a brush. It is wonderfully opaque and I find a lot easier than liquid eyeliner. If you would prefer a pencil eyeliner, consider [NYX Slide On Eyes pencils](http://www.ulta.com/ulta/browse/productDetail.jsp?productId=xlsImpprod3490137 _requestid=394187#). Feel free to have fun with eyeshadows - I think you can get some fun shades from both [ELF](http://www.target.com/p/e-l-f-studio-geometric-eyeshadow-palette-36-pc-glam/-/A-14653350#prodSlot=large_1_11 term=Elf) or [Wet 'n' Wild](http://www.target.com/p/eye-shadow-380b-ic-13oz-eggshell/-/A-13966411#prodSlot=medium_1_27 term=wet+n+wild) and they are super cheap. Mascara - I think [Cover Girl Clump Crusher](http://www.target.com/p/covergirl-lashblast-clump-crusher-mascara/-/A-14293835#prodSlot=medium_1_32 term=Cover+Girl+) (green tube) is some of the best. You have really gorgeous brown eyes - I would consider some subtle green tones, or even shimmery brown neutrals. 

As for not rubbing eyes - a lot of self control! When you get an itch - try delicately using the tip of your fingernail.

I hope this helps! I tried to cover the basics - there is of course more you can get into, but this is a good place to start. Check out the sidebar on the MakeupAddiction page - it may help you further. 

 




 I have perpetually dry skin but it is much worse in the midwestern winter. Are you using any kind of exfoliate? That is what has revolutionized my skin. I use the **Dr. Dennis Gross Alpha Beta Peel** which I call Black Magic Face Pads. They are not cheap but they are worth every penny. I use them daily in winter and usually every other day in the summer months. I follow up with any moisturizer - I've been using **Olay Regenerist Micro-Sculpting Cream** recently, but I have used others in the past. The great thing about the Black Magic Pads is that it really *fixes* your dryness. I can wear *any* foundation.  




 I *love* the YSL Glossy Stains. I just got one for my birthday - they are my go-to lip colors! 




 These are fantastic! I've been doing another playthrough on 1999 Mode and have gotten a bit stuck - I think this is just the motivation I need to power through! 




 Oh most certainly - I guess I've just seen it manifest itself in troubling ways there. 




 Mine broke a few weeks in - it came off in one piece though - so I can put it back in its position. I then just lift it out and use either side.  




 [Ugggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh](http://imgur.com/UH7RPYF) This stuff is Tumblr gold and it is so depressing. Its common with the extrovert vs. introvert dichotomy too - there's a ton of comics, etc. that portray introverts as beautifully misunderstood intellectuals who just want to read and extroverts as piggish idiots. 

I personally don't want to be defined by a stereotype and I embrace my idiosyncrasies.  I am an extrovert. I am a librarian. I am a Makeup Addict. These aren't contradictions.  




 I really love that lip color - do you have a product list?

Also, I love your username :) 
























 I'm in enthusiastic agreement with you 




 OP, THANK YOU for clearly and explicitly crediting the artist in the title of your post and linking to their site. Artists everywhere rejoiced. 




 At Wake Forest University, if you're interested! 




 [J.K. Rowling has written new material about the Time Turner on Pottermore](http://pottermore.wikia.com/wiki/Time-Turner) and specifically states that "the longest period that may be relived without the possibility of serious harm to the traveller or to time itself is around **five hours.**" 




 You can even get a lot of books through the library as long as you're proactive about renewing and don't care to keep it at the end of the course. Check your university's library's consortium or get it through Inter Library Loan (ILL) if yours doesn't have it available. 




 I was really hoping that your story was going to end with that royal jackass getting fired for sexual harassment, or something...but now I'm just sad.  :( 




 "my fiancee" /Mississippiaccent

I was a little sad to actually get married because I really enjoyed calling my now husband that.  




 It does put me in a awkward position vis a vis my progeny! 




 This is a tip for ways of acting **before** you even get to the wedding. 

Do. Not. Ask. To. Be. Invited.

Just, don't. Making a guest list is one of the most gut-wrenching and difficult processes in planning a wedding. Weddings are expensive as balls and *most* couples simply cannot afford to have everyone there that they would like. It gets even more complex when there are family pressures - which can be more difficult the larger the family or if you're dealing with divorced parents. (Not always, just sometimes :)) So, don't assume anything, and don't ask the couple. If you receive an invitation you should feel pleasantly surprised and honored to be invited. 

When I was getting married people asked me if they were getting invited after having met them that day. Or old friends of my brothers. Most of these people I genuinely liked, but when you account for the fact that we had to accommodate our two large families and our best/closest/oldest friends...we just didn't have the money or space. 




 Yeah, I remember seeing this on /r/funny a while back and it just made me sad. At a wedding the golden rule is: "It's not about you, asshole." And this is a great example of this. 

Also, most brides pay extra to have a tossing bouquet as they keep the one they used in the wedding (e.g. drying the flowers, etc.). So congrats dude, you should give them $40 bucks.  




 THIS. My husband has a very large family and it was important to both of us to have all of our families there. Because of the size, however, we only extended a "guest" invitation if the couple was engaged, no boyfriend/girlfriends unless the other would already been invited regardless. 

One cousin called to try and convince us otherwise. We explained the situation and offered to take him and his girlfriend out to dinner when we got back to town since we live in the same city. He called another two times in an effort to change our minds. He ended up just bringing her anyway. 

I honestly have no idea where they sat her or how it got paid for, but the real problem was that now all other 40+ cousins who had politely respected the invitation were now wondering why this jackhat got to bring his gf. 

For the record, they split up two weeks later. And that cousin had barely spoken to either of us before or since.  




 This reminds me of when we read Athol Fugard's play "Master Harold...and the boys" in high school. To summarise, it is about race and class relations in apartheid era South Africa. My teacher lost his shit because everyone kept calling them African-Americans. An abiding memory is him nearly yelling, "they are ALL just AFRICAN." 




 Thank you for sharing your experience, I'm sorry for your loss. I suppose this is all the evidence to see that it takes all types. I had a very different reaction to when others responded with their own stories.  




 This can be good, but sometimes it still serves as a 'one-upping' experience. It's best when you actually reference or relate to the original story. Even if it's a similar experience, unless you engage the stories, it can feel very much like you're ignoring the person. Even just acknowledging the story can work wonders, too often people are just too eager to throw in their own story that they won't even let you finish!

Also, when it comes to tragedy, DO NOT RESPOND WITH YOUR OWN GODDAMN STORY. Unless it has happened concurrently, this isn't about you. By doing so, it immediately makes the conversation about you, and makes the person's grief feel trivial. Just don't. 




 When my brother was very young he said he wanted to be a dog. When informed that wasn't possible he change his answer to cat. Explaining in more detail that he couldn't change his species, he then went with "bad guy." 




 Ask her best friend to find out. She could ask in moderately normal conversation or hey could go shopping and just try rings on for fun; even some place with costume jewellery. Just have her take note of the size, even if it's a relative size to her. For example friend knows she wears X size ring, future fiance is close but a little bigger.

But when in doubt, go larger, it's usually easier to size down and a lot less costly since you're not adding more metal. And you won't have pictures like this, that asshats on the internet feel the need to laugh at.  




 Aaaand probably in '94....maybe even '70...

I mean, let us not forget that Brazil has more World Cup championships than any other team 




 The best. My husband and I went there the first night we met. Seals of approval all around. 




 When he passed away in 2011 me and a few friend had a Redwall Feast where we made food described in the books (e.g. Hotroot Soup) and drank a whole lot of lambics. I think it was a fitting memorial and one that I think he would have appreciated.  




 I see myself drafting an Astral Slide early and then picking a whole bunch of other cycling cards and going 0-3. I also see myself splashing a Vampiric Tutor to try and make it better. Slide forever! 




 You can also draw the game if there are no other valid targets for the Animate Dead. The loop must continue. I have no idea why you'd do this in VMA sealed. It used to be a potent trick back in Extended. You could cast Dark Ritual, Entomb, Animate Dead and loop the game to draw it. In vintage, I have entered the mythical land of Game Four a few times. A friend of mine who judged in the Extended Entomb era said that the most draws he ever saw were on a matchslip with the following record: 2-0-21.  




 Is cute supposed to be bad?

It's more about nostalgia than broooooken draft combos you can easily assemble. But for the record, thirteen of the combinations involve only one rare or mythic (setting aside Stroke in the first example.) If someone didn't play fifteen years ago, they might not know that High Tide + Turnabout makes mana. There's even other, smaller historical ones like Frantic Search + Thawing Glaciers, which old Time Spiral decks played. For that matter, they might not know that Gush with Psychatog turns 1.5 damage into 6.5 damage.

Which reminds me that if you played at one point, you know the significance of this algebra equation: 1.5x + 0.5y + 1 :)

 




 It's won me many a game : ) 









 There's a 111% guarantee, so if you sign up and don't like it, QS will pay you back more than you paid for the 1-month sub. No way to lose : ) 




 You can sharpen them - it fits the NYX sharpener best (SHOCKING, I KNOW).  




 I have found with the stats in general that they won't update until you log in next time. So if you were checking immediately after playing, they aren't showing your current session's stats 




 I had one of these before and about half way through it stopped advancing product into the sponge. They used to have translucent tubes where you could actually see the product. I ended up throwing it away because I didn't really love the product...but I thought this was going to give me an answer! WHOMP WHOMP.  




 Geeze, it sounds like you've tried almost everything - I don't envy you. You've probably already tried it, but my last suggestion would be to make sure you apply the concealer very thinly and gradually and build it up in thin layers. Then I would apply a quality powder on top with a beauty blender (or dupe - I use the [Cheeky blender](http://www.amazon.com/Flawless-Foundation-Sponges-Blenders-Cheeky%C2%AE/dp/B00BMLOJK8/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8 qid=1393001753 sr=8-6 keywords=beauty+blender+4+pack) and it works beautifully). By doing the bouncy application with the blender, you get a very smooth finish but a very light application. Godspeed sister. 




 That's rough. :( Have you ever used a peel? I use the Dr. Dennis Gross Alpha Beta Hydroxy Peel Pads - my husband and I call them "Black Magic Face Pads" though. They completely revolutionized my skin when I started using them. It's kind of the nuclear option in terms of peels, but if you really have issues with texture, etc. it can be worth it. I used them daily for a full cycle and they have broken my skin out of its dehydrated/dry state to where I can now get away with using them less frequently. They are expensive, but I was able to get some samples at Nordstrom and Sephora before pulling the trigger. You could also try with other peels too. Lactic acid will be gentler, and there are a lot of other options.

I would really recommend checking something out as I find the peel can really transform your skin's texture and quality which moisturizers and oils can help further improve and maintain.  




 Before makeup I use a personal blend of oils designed to moisturize and calm my skin's redness (apricot kernel, sweet almond, meadowfoam, borage, and sunflower seed). I follow that with CeraVe moisturizing cream (the one in the tub). Its fairly rich but absorbs nicely and plays well with makeup. For both of these I give them a few minutes to sink in. I don't actually use a primer at all. I've done A-B testing on a bunch and not seen a big difference for my makeup is staying power.

At night I use a real basic cleanser with Clairsonic, remove my eye makeup with up   up remover, and then every other day or every third day I use Dr. Dennis Gross alpha beta hydroxy peel pads (60 day). Then I follow with the oil and CeraVe.

This is probably way more info than you bargained for, but I'm pretty passionate about skincare. I have naturally very dry skin and it has taken me quite awhile to get my skin to where it is (I'm 28, fyi). I hope this helps, pm me if you want to chat more about it! 





























 Meanwhile, in 'MURICA, women don't have the right to paid maternity leave for giving birth to actual human babies.  




 Hell, if you want to be really "fancy" make your own pasta - you have eggs and flour, which is all you need. With $10 you can be pretty liberal with whatever sauce/topping you want. You could do a classic tomato sauce - be sure to get San Marzano tomatoes, fresh garlic, and fresh basil. Or something like brown butter with sage and mushrooms. I mean literally anything. You can easily impress by putting in a little bit more effort. 


 




 There most certainly are. I'm on my phone, about to go to bed otherwise I would post some links. Long story short, the Japanese government banned graphic representations of penises. As a work around, the already existing erotica industry created the tentacular substitute. 




 Coat hangers are my personal nemesis. 

They always get tangled in impossible ways and never behave the way that I think they should. I've broken a lot. And thrown piles of them around in rage. Now, I put them down and leave the room/closet for a few minutes.  









 Check to see if the formulation has changed. Even if it is only slightly changed this could be enough that it no longer jives with your skin. 




 I was 12 and had been to a concert with my family. Afterwards, we were outside waiting for a shuttle. I, being tired and bored, leaned against a pole. A car full of dudes drove by and yelled "HOW MUCH?" to me. I didn't even know what they meant. My mom had to explain to me about stereotypical prostitute poses and what they may signify. I was mortified.   




 I remember being on a JAL domestic flight in the early 2000s and it was actually on the very last day that smoking was being allowed on airplanes. This had the effect of every smoker trying to smoke as many cigarettes as humanly possible. I remember the dude getting well into his second pack - just going from one cigarette to the next.  




 Is that a yatsuhashi stuck in the side!? My favoriiiiiiiiite!!
 




 I've heard more than one say that he is a young Sami 




 I have a legitimate question. And I'm too afraid to actually google it. 

Is each waifu pillow unique? Like could two people run into each other with the same pillow? And then would they create an elaborate twin fiction? Or can you customize it?  




 I sometimes do this to my husband. And my cats. 




 Can we appreciate the dude on the left's cheekbones? Damn.  




 I have been to plenty of onsen and ofuro, where, depending on the size, you could be with anywhere from 5-20 people. And yeah, not a big deal. It was the best, really. 

I have been hanging out naked with probably upwards of 250 people. Maybe more. 
This was in a magical place called [SPA WORLD](http://www.spaworld.co.jp/english/). 

It is a huge 8 floor building in Osaka, Japan. The main attraction is the "Onsen from Around the World." There are two separate floors, one is themed to different Asian spas, and the other is European themed. And depending on the day, one will be for women, and the other for men. 

So the day I went, women got Europe. There were hot tubs, onsen, ofuro, saunas, cold baths, weird showers - all of them themed to different countries. The place is huge - you can walk around for hours and still not try every type of bath. I remember their was a a fancy Parisian-type bath next to a cafe where you could have a croissant or cappuccino. The Finnish one had a sauna and a cold pond. And everyone is naked. Even the cafe. 

I think there's a kid's water park (be-swimsuited), and some other stuff there too. But you go their for the glorious, naked, global onsen.  




 Oh god yes. I tried in vain to make this point to a friend. He kept waiting for the "perfect moment" to express his romantic feelings for a woman. I urged him for *months* to just do it and stop trying to create a movie scene. The perfect moment never came and she got back with her ex, and moved to New Zealand.  




 I have done the same thing. I had just met up with some friends when someone decided to surprise jump on  a friend's back. They tripped and the jumper went face first into the pavement. Folks wanted to call an ambulance, but since she hadn't lost consciousness and I was able to rule out a concussion (I had up to date first aid training) I convinced them not to call an ambulance and I took her to the emergency room myself.  




 OMG, this is irrelevant to the cuteness of your puppy - but I HAVE THE SAME MUG AS YOU. It's from Starbucks probably over a decade ago. It's technically a Christmas mug but I think it's so pretty I keep it in the cabinet year round. The other Christmas mugs get jealous, but I tell those creepy nutcrackers that they should just be less creepy and maybe they would get to stay too.  




 He has already played him, albeit briefly, in the ["Maya Angelou Prank Show" Sketch](https://screen.yahoo.com/maya-angelou-prank-show-000000680.html).  




 How is this not the top comment? This isn't fucking rocket science!

Full disclosure I'm a lady with lady parts, not man parts. But I have long pondered why men just don't use toilet paper. Also, dear /u/GregtheMad has indicated that he uses the "normal toilet," presumably in a stall. Why don't urinals have stalls? There seems to be so much anxiety over people standing next to you, watching, etc. JUST PUT UP WALLS. Why is it necessary that you pee in front of each other?

I JUST DON'T GET IT.

 




 Generally, we know more about history now - mostly in part due to the advancements of technology and the widespread availability of information.

1450 happens to be right around the time Johannes Gutenberg invented the movable type printing press which revolutionized how information was spread in the Western World. The technology spread like wildfire in the first 50 years and became adopted all over the continent. Coincident with this, you have the greater availability of knowledge to a wider group of people. It is no coincidence that the spread of ideas and technology happened much quicker after the 1450s. (C.f. Protestantism, Age of Discovery, Age of Enlightenment, Revolutions across Europe, etc.) 

Prior to this, in Western Europe, there was certainly knowledge of the past but it was typically only accessible to small groups of people, and even then, only a select amount of information. So, let's say you're a scholar in the 800's. You're probably a man, and you're probably a monk. The knowledge you have is contained in your monastery's library. You may have a hundred books, and that's pretty good. You may travel to a few other monasteries, and they may have some books that are different from yours, and you may be able to read them. And if you have a lot of time and money, you may be able to create a copy (by hand, remember), of that interesting book and take it back to your monastery. To make a codex/book at this point, you would need enough animals to make enough vellum for all the pages. You would need the time and labor to copy the book word by word. So you see, the information was quite limited, difficult to come by, and even harder to disseminate. There was a guy called Gilbert the Universal (died 1134, Gilbert Universalis), who was a bishop of London (1127) who was so named because he was widely judged to know pretty much everything. I think if anyone were to make that claim now-a-days, they'd be laughed out of town.

Things did get easier over the medieval period, as literacy, infrastructure, and the efficiency book production did improve. This was also helped by the foundation and development of universities. 

I hope this helps answer your question - not a scientist, but a rare book and manuscript historian/librarian.  If you have any follow ups...hollaaaaa 




 He was super nice! 









 When I took my driver's ed test in North Carolina about a decade ago, I took it in my manual.  




 But hey, medieval studies actually did something practical! See dad? My degree chosen field of study has saved someone's LIFE. 




 At the end you can tell he's like, "shiiiiiit, that was on camera. STRAIGHT FACE IT UP, ABBOTT." 




 I know those people. If a horse were to whisper in their ear to murder their whole family, they would do it without question. 

My husband and I have a plan to convince any children we have that horses are mythical creatures. 




 They are called "supertitles" because they are above the stage rather than below - 'super' being Latin for above. Conversely, subtitles mean that they are below the action (typically the case in tv shows, movies, etc.) - sub being Latin for below. 

So - same thing, just different positioning! :) 




 My life, or rather death plan, is that if/when I reach a ripe old age and if/when I outlive my husband, I will get a one-way boat to Svalbard where I will promptly find some polar bears and snuggle them to death. My death. 

 




 Well, it could be worse. It could be one or two toothbrushes for three people.

Also, I keep trying to pluralize toothbrush to teethbrush. 

 




 Haha yeah, a testament to my passion for rare books and manuscripts I suppose.. 




 Yeah I do! I love to pause it before they give their valuation and my husband and I try to guess correctly. 

I think a lot depends on their expert. I've seen plenty where I think they are pretty accurate, but I've also seen some where, in my opinion, they've given very poor valuations. In particular, I saw one with a First edition of The Hobbit that was shockingly undervalued, especially since out had a near mint dust jacket (a big.deal with modern works). I had just seen one in worse condition sold at auction for much, MUCH more than what the appraiser told then. So as tricky as hard valuation can be, certain things, such as something with a good history of auction results and is perennially popular for the last few decades (i.e. The Hobbit) is easier to put a value on. But I suppose everyone has an off day :)

In general, the more unique something is, the harder it I'd to value. Manuscript collections are a devil to value...
 




 Hi! I'm a rare books and manuscripts librarian/curator. I'm on mobile so I can't really do any research for you, but first off OP well done for keeping good care of your family's book! It looks to be in a presumably acid free box and that's just what you want. When looking at it try and make a cradle for it so the covers aren't bending the spine. We typically use big foam wedges for so etching of this size.

In terms of valuation, looking up books from around the same year won't give you a clear idea of its value. The Bible, like it or not folks, is the most printed book ever. There are thousands of editions of early Bibles, and their value can be determined by a lot of things such as it being the first Bible printed in a certain geographic place or the first edition to include a particular new translation, etc. So you see, the specific edition and year of publication can make a huge difference, for a second, third, or fourth edition printed someplace new, is not nearly as I interesting as the first edition.

Quality and other factors unique to the book are also important. Yours looks to be in quite lovely shape, but a detailed evaluation would have to be made to figure out the collational formula.* OP, is there any place in the book where someone has written a family tree or anything close? It maybe in an unexpected place. This can often be of interest to collectors. There are a lot of lovely graphics in your copy, which could also certainly be of interest to a buyer.

Long story still long, you aren't going to get a good valuation simply by googling. That being said, a complete codex from the 17th century is rad and its very wonderful that your family has kept good care of it. Get an appraiser to take a look at it if you want a value. Don't take it to a museum or library. We can't give you a value, its a conflict of interest.

One last word on value. Most people tend to want a hard and fast dollar amount for something. But rare books and manuscripts have their own markets that fluctuate and have their own trends. It can also be finding the right buyer. A lot of times dealers and auction houses are making educated guesses.

*a collational formula is a rendering of exactly how a book is gathered physically together. This tends to be pretty straightforward with modern publishing. So, for example, you might have a very logical 20 gatherings of 12 pages each. With old books, it is rarely so neat or tidy. You often find huge idiosyncrasies from gathering to gathering. Librarians do this for two main reasons: 1. It helps them to see what changes the publisher may have been making during the printing process. Often publishers would make edits and changes while in the middle of printing a single edition. 2. This allows us to figure out if/how a codex has been altered over time. Are pages missing, replaced, or added? This is the best way to find out.  




 I always preferred, "don't be a fool, wrap your tool!" 




 Ugh, as a former Barnes and Noble employee...this is about on par with finding porno mags hidden in an Algonquin dictionary.  
























