 At that height and speed, he might as well have belly flopped on concrete. 




 They can have a 1 trillion pixel camera for all I care, the nexus 5 has an awesome camera from a hardware perspective.. Instead of making the phones bigger and the screens clearer, Google needs to fix their camera software!!

My old Sony Ericsson K810 takes better photos than every Nexus I've owned. 




 They can have a 1 trillion pixel camera for all I care, the nexus 5 has an awesome camera from a hardware perspective.. Instead of making the phones bigger and the screens clearer, Google needs to fix their camera software!!

My old Sony Ericsson K810 takes better photos than every Nexus I've owned. 




 Unfortunately Australia isn't the friendliest of countries when it comes to running a business. Taxes, and overheads are out if control, so completely understand.
 




 She was executed with a shot to the heart.. 




 Also this.. http://youtu.be/y6120QOlsfU 




 I was about 8 or 9, and it was horrible. 

I remember everyone telling me "you're still young, you'll like it when you get older".

Nope. I still don't like beer, but spirits on the other hand..

Nothing like a good 18 year old Glenfiddich on the rocks.  




 Congrats guys, the more of shops the better it is for us consumers.

A little feedback though, your juice prices are a touch expensive for flavours we can readily get from other suppliers that have B M's... 




 Does not wanting to watch ever again count? If so, Anything with Pauly Shore, especially bio-dome. 




 The 1.5mm drill bit for my dual coils and 2mm for my single coil build. 

That's all you need :) 




 That staff is such a great looking dog, thanks for the links, as pups they look really similar, I guess once it fills out you'll see the differences  




 If you went and fucked yourself that would be perfect.  




 It doesn't look too pitbull, a common problem we have here in Australia is that people register american pitbulls as Staffy's, then when they attack it gives the staff a bad name..

Either way, its a good looking pup! 




 Is that an American Staffy? 




 Which Reddit app are you using? 




 Is that like Gargamel from the smurfs? 




 Have you got pictures of the engine layout and how they look? Having 2 engines with that much power is awesome.

Being methanol, they should be running icy cold 




 This has probably been the most insightful post on Reddit so far.

I had no idea he was involved in so many shows and was so talented.

I'm definitely giving your recommendations a go, I need something new to watch! 




 Its a shame that the show was cancelled. 

I used to watch it here and there as a kid, but never really appreciated it. 

I recently 'backed up' all of the season and watched it from season 1-13, and it is brilliant. 

The show didn't dumb down like the Simpsons did, and managed to stay true to their story line.

Dale Gribble.. I wish there were more episodes devoted to him. 




 I'm 50/50 on that one, its ok, but not my cup of tea! 

At least the royalties from King of the Hill would've tied them over for a while! 




 Is it true that they based the look of Dale a lot on the voice actor that played him? 




 That's an awesome pickup! I thought it was the earlier seasons that had it and they dropped it later on 




 I never realised it was an actual track, thanks for the link 




 Mate, they've been there for a while.. Hopefully they don't remove them 




 The provari is a huge upgrade, the Nautilus is a downgrade. 

The protank has a much better vape and it's cheaper! 




  http://youtu.be/8TJ_LlGilLo 




 Yup' some champion uploaded full episodes to YouTube. Makes my days at work fly by, I tell you h'wat 




 Dale, do you think using a backhoe to open a beer can is a good idea!? 




 I have a feeling Katrina will start playing a bigger part after this 




 I know, sorry mate.

I surf Reddit via mobile 99.9% of the time and don't know how to do it from a phone 




 Streaking around the quad : http://youtu.be/BhIpPeOmCR8 




 12:39 - has me laughing every time.

It has to be my most favourite moment. 









 Here's something for you!

 http://youtu.be/5Ja64ZWv3Ck 




 Not anymore though, he's walked into Jessica's office to fess up? 




 He wore sneakers.. For sneaking! 




 They needed more Dale Gribble centric episodes. He was hilarious.

Shi Sha!! 




 I'm watching Season 3 and it was the Angel episode.. Shit episode.

Never a fan of Buckley, glad they dropped that character. 




 Depends on your country.. Lion Heart was released as Wrong Bet as well. 




 You want me to break my leg?? 




 Kickboxer is also one of those gifs.. 2 best movies of all time.

Kickboxer and Bloodsport. 




 For some reason I find the period panties less disturbing than panties with the weird goop you guys discharge randomly all month long. 




 Mate god knows what they were thinking with the UC Torana, it was an after thought of a car to bring in the VB commodore. 

My first car was a 5.0L VL Calais.. 

Memories. 




 All credit to the XA and XB for ride and comfort, I don't mind the front end, it's more the rounded back that I wasn't too big of a fan of.

My most hated car of that Era when it comes to Holden and Ford would still be the UC Torana.. and I'm a Holden boy.

You're lucky to be still holding onto one, they're hard to find these days, or priced so high they are out of reach! 




 Someone messed up and spelt Cassandra wrong. 




 Scrappy fucken Doo

'Let me at him, let me at him' fuck off already! 




 Rolf Harris!? Maybe he was upset you didn't put out for him? 

You were 13 right? 




 Never liked the XA or XB shape, but for its age it is brilliant.

XY shape was a lot nicer for me, but not as nice as an old A9X SS :) 




 Yeah, nah.. I'm not claiming I'm a foreigner if I am proven wrong.

I'm not in the US, I am in Aus, this nobody, is just that.. a nobody here.

Maybe the title should be 'US only famous rapper', or 'famous rapper to 16 year olds'.. 

Famous rappers would be, Dre, Ice Cube, Eminem, Eazy-E, Snoop insert animal, 2Pac, etc..   




 Nope.. Well not to me anyways buddy.

It had me scratching my head on what you were rambling on about, so at least you win that prize! 




 Haha I get it now!!! You hijacked someone else's post and now its yours!

Well done buddy, hope she works out well for you and you get to claim the points when they come along.

At least it wasn't a gonrwild post, you might've had some explaining to do  




 So you're not Lisaslover? Dude, you have me scratching my head on what's going on. 

Its making me laugh trying to figure out your little saga. 




 Are you arguing with yourself? Im confused on what's going on here  




 Sometimes it makes you wonder if the $200 price tag for the Nemesis is actually justified.. I have a clone that set me back $20 or so from fasttech.. 3 months and kicking strong. 









 I honestly dont get it. 

I have a son and am no longer with my wife, when I see my son and am with him, everything else in the world is non existent, its just him.

When I'm not with him all I think about is him and hoping he's smiling and playing. 

There is no chance on this earth that I would ever chose anyone over him or his love. 

All I hope and wish for is that one day he says 'I want to live with dad'.. My life would be complete.
 




 Mr Vain only came out like 10 years ago ... Damn. 




 I sighed when I read this.. The sigh of understanding.

Same boat as you.. It sucks either way.. With them and the life without them.

Sigh. 




 Did you? 




 I rather this than hearing about dogs being pitted against each other  




 I'm guessing you have quite an old / early built house.. 




 Coming from a person that doesn't even like cats, I even knew which gif it was going to be. 

After a while Reddit becomes a giant repost. 




 I'm guessing you're referring more to when you have a bloody nose? 

If so, I believe this has to do with the majority of taste being attributed to smell, and with the blood already in your nasal passages this would increase the strength of the taste vastly. 




 www.nicvape.com

This will last you ages

http://www.nicvape.com/store/p/45-125-ml-of-100-mg-ml.aspx

Let me know how big your juice bottle is and the mg you're after, I can help you out with the mix you need 




 Its a bit shitty looking, but its not really a bad tattoo.. 




 Is that another satirical sub? I'm just not sure anymore.. 




 Not sure if you're being sarcastic or honest.. 

If this was Australia and they decked out in all Australian flag gear, the only the thing they won't be getting is laid.

I admire the American patriotism. 




 Thank you. All I saw was a blurry photo of nuts and chips. 




 In the later seasons I would definitely agree, once she straightened her hair etc, she looked awesome, but early on in the series, not really my cup of tea 




 I'm going out on a limb here, the Elaine in this case seems a little prettier to me 




 I work for a large company, one that FORCED everyone to only use Blackberry.. Now with the move to Outlook for an email client they doors are open to any phone.

Samsung and Apple.. There is not one blackberry in sight. 




 Fuck you OP, I've watched this about a thousand times and almost know it word for word!

This has to become the new SMS tone. 




 On my android - Reddit is Fun 




 Thanks OP, finally a post in /r/WTF actually made me say.. WTF! 




 Spearmint goes awesome with my coffee.. Its kind of like having a mint slice biscuit..  




 Watermelon, Rock Melon, Honeydew Melon, all these melons are awesome.

Mango is another that I could easily devour half the tree. 




 Yeah, I can see your point, and you get to see his highlights..  




 Really? Why? 

I'm honestly intrigued on why international folk like this guy so much? 




 You're not alone mate, I'm sure 90% of us have. 




 Your cotton might be too thick , also as above the ohms might be too low, I have mine at 1.2 and its awesome. 




 Why would they do that!, of course it would.. 

I guess this is why you pay what you do for a clone.. 




 You're right. No one ever WANTS to watch season one, you have to. 

As much as I love Seinfeld, I only watch seasons 3 and above 




 Damn!! Everything about the panzer I'll hate except for the  button.

Thanks for the feedback 




 Thanks mate, what do you mean by painted threads?? 




 Bingo dude, get the aerotank. When you're back on home soil you can start start the coil process. 




 Mate you've gone that far, the Nautilus will let you down on what is an awesome setup.

Bite the bullet and get the Kayfun lite clone they have and get coiling.

You will then have my exact setup and you'll never look back.

I'll come off as the most negative person for stating this about 30 times in this subreddit, the Nautilus is RUBBISH. 




 What's the Panzer like? I have a nemesis but thinking of trying the panzer out.  (Clone) 




 When I was using the protank or just a standard evod, I always vaped a doubler as the flavour was quite muted.

When I went kayfun and cotton, the doubler was VERY overpowering.

Now I vape a errr one.fivebler.. I leave 3/4's of the doubler and VG the rest.. I like getting a good flavour smack.

This also depends on the flavour. 




 Yep.. Hop onboard buddy..

Unfortunately, 3/4's of the AMA's are the same deal..

"I was that extra, in the background on a show that no one watched.. AMA!" 




 You didn't read what I wrote, you pretty much just jumped the gun.

I have no issue with you replacing smoking with vaping IF you actually smoked.

My dilemma is having teens that have never smoked actual cigarettes picking up vaping, just to have them blow clouds in a bus or a train thinking everyone is looking at them in a positive way "they all think I'm cool".

I was a teen once, and this would've been my mentality, same mentality I had that got me smoking.. 

 




 To be honest, we only know about who is what in the US via commercial radio in Aus, this guys hasn't made it here yet.

Sorry about Guy Sebastian though, you can keep him.. 




 He is one of the best, he's hilarious to listen to as well.

 




 Thats not the issue, I started smoking at 14, and would've loved for someone to switch me off them.

It's teens that NEVER smoked, but pick them up solely to cloud chase.  




 Dude, we know what you're trying to say, but your logic is flawed.

We aren't taking stabs at you, and me calling you ignorant is probably a fair comment, look up what the true definition of ignorant means. 




 he might be more of a US thing...  




 you are ignorant and making yourself look even dumber with every post. 




 I got my hands on a fresh batch of Banana Custard from Steam e-cigs on Saturday, and boy am I glad I did.

It is the usual 50/50 mix that they dish up, although I purchase doublers and mix the rest with only VG.

Even with the VG content being so high, the flavour is rich and full, definitely a single shot type juice and no need for a stronger flavour mix.

Taste - This is one of those rare juices that you can 100% put your finger on and call it as soon as you taste it, it tastes exactly like Banana Yogo!.

It doesn't have that chemical candy Banana taste, it literally tastes like Banana Yogo / Custard.

I have been vaping crazy on this juice and definitely will be keeping it as a part of my all day vape collection.

They have modified their 'Sins of Vanilla' from a pure vanilla juice, to more of a pastry vanilla, but not quite sold on this yet.. the team have advised that there is a custard in the works, so I'll hold tight till then.

 




 Guys what am I doing wrong?

My 18490 in my Zmax is making plumes of fog from the Kayfun, where the Nemesis seems weak and no where near as powerful..

I'm on a 1.8ohm coil and running on 9w on the Zmax

What's going on here!?

Edit: thanks to all that helped! I made a 1ohm coil (single), it now hits like a truck and the flavour is on another level!!

On a negative note, I've now threaded the screw on the kayfun block.. FFS.. I can't win. 









 Hoping I can get an opinion or review from an owner in here.

What's the size like?
Durability?

Etc.. 




 I'm sure there's a few owners on here..

+How did you start?

+How does supply work from manufacturers? (As in do you pay upfront etc)

+what's business like?

I'm happy for a PM if you don't want to publicly post..

I'm interested in opening up a store down under as its a market I can see exploding soon, and there is hardly any stores here at all. 





























 He cringes even more when he vapes it and I tell him that he's got my PENIS Juice in his mouth. 




 I can't remember his name on here, but if you see this, thank you for the naming idea! 









 Yep, if that's the risk you have to take, so be it.

The US does it all the time, they apologise for it, and the world forgets.

We live in a shit world, and that's the reality of it. 




 Thank you.. As someone who never has and never will bookface, you're a champ. 




 Thankfully the sound also failed on the video. 




 Peggy!, the boy. 




 I just googled up Zoe Quinn.. 

It would need to be a cold day in hell and about 40 bottles of JD before I would even consider seeing her naked. 




 So you're running a single coil and not dual?

I'm waiting for my first dripper to arrive and not sure if I should hit a dual coil or single coil setup.

I did a dual .8 coil setup in my Kayfun and it was horrible, but I'm guessing it will be different in a dripper.

I was planning a single 1.1 coil as I prefer the cooler Vape 




 I sold mine by word of mouth to a fellow vaper that was on an evod..

The SVD is a great unit, but it's too big and ugly  




 What's your setup mate?

Mod, tank, coils etc 




 You're being down voted for expressing your own personal opinion.. 

Post a cat video, that's what this place (Reddit) thrives off.

I'm with you, fuck ISIS and nuke the shit out of all of them.

 




 Fat Bastard from Austin Powers - 'I'm sad cause I eat, and I eat cause I'm sad, its a vicious cycle' 




 That cop at the end had the same attitude, he was walking up like a curious bystander with his hands behind his back..  




 Yeah Nah, the professor Finks on here ruined that for me. 




 Thankfully I'm using Reddit on the mobile, each link comes up with the address instead of launching. 

Its 11pm here and really didn't feel like making any of them purple if they were live leak vids :) 




 All was awesome in your post, until the last line. 




 Hmm.. Poor bastard suffered the whole way through, there goes my theory and hoping he had some sort of luck in the situation. 




 Sex, wife and condom.. One of the three don't fit in the equation. 




 It would be terrifying but probably not painful?, I need someone sciencey to back me up, but he would've knocked himself out with the lack of oxygen that he used up and the carbon dioxide that he was exhaling..

I reckon drowning would have to be the most terrifying way to die. 




 Not specifically for heating in the use you are after.

Where are you based? As you can buy the stuff for a dollar a meter at most vape places 

 




 Hats, t-shirts and kids parents telling stories about their kids saying Yolo and when they did it. I blame you America. 




 Haha, my background is eastern European, I can relate. 




 Australia is late to catch on to American fads.. Its here and its painful. 




 In your awesomeness, can you please kill off yolo as well? 




 Your post reminds me of that old meme where there is a smoking hot girl in the pic, sub titled 'she's someone else's headache' - so very true. 

 




 I gave you an upvote, a sympathy one.. 




 Yup.. Only thing I change is the cotton when I'm switching flavours or if its starting to taste a little burnt. 

A couple hits of the coil dry burns all the crap off it ready for a re-wicking. 




 What's their stance on abortion? 




 I read all of these articles and it still doesn't change the facts of our society and world we live in.

Breathing in vapour will always be safer than inhaling burning matter and smoke, but the amount of money governments will lose on tobacco tax won't help us get vaping mainstream.

All smokers have basically covered themselves and 2 others for medical bills when it comes to the amount of tax being paid per packet smoked.

The only way I see vaping getting anywhere is when it is taxed severely and vape companies start donating ludicrous amounts of money to government parties.

The tobacco industry has been a controlling asshole for many years, and will continue to be.

tl;dr - government will lose too much money if vaping takes over, tobacco industries will always stranglehold us. 




 Why don't you just remove the legs? 




 Mine is on its way as we speak :) 




 I did, I never said I realised it was only for AMA's did I? 

Now fuck off back to your hole you crawled out of. 




 Installed  opened  love the design, hate that its only AMA  uninstalled 




 Thanks mate appreciate it  




 I remember watching the behind the scenes of that episode, the cast and crew actually didn't know what her name was going to be until the very end of the shoot.. 

One of the crowd members guessed it as Delores, and funny enough they only thought of the name a few moments before  




 I have a Nemesis clone which is now all battered and bruised.. Is the stingray clone any good? 

I have a Chi You, but its too chunky. 




 I read your comment in Samuel L Jacksons voice from Pulp Fiction.. When he was discussing his knowledge of giving a foot massage.. "I'm the foot fucking master" 




 Check the post history.. The same tone of comments are littered all across Reddit. 




 The troll seems legit..

From the post history, I can make out that she's a fat black woman that was more than likely backhanded a few times.  




 Exactly my story, same as Seinfeld as well. 




 That's the one!! 




 Where are you flying from?

I was up there over the weekend and I don't know what it is with that place, my tank kept on leaking like a bitch of a thing! Must be the humidity or warmth etc.

Drove me insane.  




 Dale, why are you removing the bug from the Bugabago?

 




 You're doing gods work there son, 




 There was a clip of the wedding where they were shaking hands in front of the cake..

Hank is so square and PG that it just makes his character funnier. 




 This one actually made me laugh out loud. Well done 




 I'm sorry, but on Reddit the majority come across just like he did 




 Settle down there Neck beard.

r/atheism wants you back over there.

Fucking atheists are worse than hardcore religious types. 




 Lol you know some of the words I said? :)

Mate, I'm happy to help you out with whatever you need to get started, PM me any questions you may have.. I started off on the evod and every single step between till I found my mech mod and tank that I love.

 




 I literally just drove back from Qld, I spent the whole weekend Vaping, and not a word said by anyone.

The only thing I heard was someone whispering 'look at his ecig thing.. Its a bit big' - had my nemesis running an 18650 and a Kayfun. 




 My dad was using YouTube to Google search up until 6 months ago.. No matter how much explaining I do, it will all just be jargon.

He knows the 'Blue E' is how he gets to Google.  




 This is what I worry about on a daily basis 




 It might, but it works a lot cleaner and smoother than IE 




 Haha I did that with Chrome. 

Its cut the 'what's wrong with the computer?' Phone calls by over 80% 




 Count me in as a PM target as well, happy to chat and with some experience behind me (personal) 




 Flick me a PM mate, I'm now 30, all was going well in life for me until s lot of crap came my way and sent me in a spiral. There is light on the other end and I'd be happy to chat with you whenever you feel. Anytime. 




 I was home for a week with a bad flu, did 1-13 in a row! 




 There is more to every story than what the media portrays to you.

There is always a LOT more.

In the case of Aborigines, unfortunately, the majority ruin it for the minority, and not the other way around.

There are a lot that genuinely try hard, are successful, and lead a great life.. Then there are the ones that take everything for granted, get given everything on a silver platter, get free housing, free schooling, free medical, free or heavily subsidised EVERYTHING, and still manage to ruin it and disrespect it.

I'm not racist towards any race in particular, I'm equally racist towards everyone. 




 Oh really?.. 

Don't worry about WA, go for a walk through redfern and then tell me how many 'Aboriginals' even deserve to see a doctor (paid for with my tax dollars)

This is a bait thread.

 




 Because, too-tsunami must not use the phone! 




 Will this work at officeworks in Australia? :(

We rebadged your store. 




 The commercials here in Aus always state 'if you're a non smoker, the average price will be...' Technically I'm not a smoker.. Considering its not smoke I'm inhaling. 




 www.nicvape.com - buy the nicotine, then support your local vape shops and buy juice here.. It tastes awesome and you'll get it straight away. 




 The ironic part of it is, this table doesn't exist in Aus..  




 Fedora, Trilby, same-same.

Still tacky as hell. 




 Well... I guess you are!

Where's your falcon? 




 Shi SHAAAAAH!, Squirrel Tactics! 




 We are just backing up the internet in case it breaks one day.... 




 No!, this is why his wife left him, and why he's fat, and Bald. 




 OBJECTURE! 




 I am Dale, shut up Bill. 




 I'm sorry, but I'm a stickler for finishes, and they way you have that installed looks absolutely horrible.

You could've at least used clear tape and not that bright blue painting masking tape.

 




 Haha 




 I'm doing 3ml a day at the moment... In a Kayfun 




 I thought that was Dennis Leary 




 For the life of me, I've never heard of someone polishing off a 15ml bottle of juice in a day!

That used to last me 2 weeks in my Evod! 




 The only company that hasn't fucked me around yet is nicvape. 




 What's wrong with the button?

All I did was the magnet upgrade and it didn't even need that 




 Most reliable for me is my Nemesis clone and the Kayfun clone. 

There isn't anything to really malfunction here.

Most reliable VV has been my SVD with a protank 2, and least reliable is my Sigelei Zmax v5. 




 Google it! 




 That's horrible. 




 Can vouch, watched a few docos on those guys.. Seriously evil bunch. 




 They MS13 for short? 




 Ohh nooo.. The card says Moops! 




 Moops 




 This video doesn't show a crazy girlfriend, it's just a video of a soft-cock that will always be treated like one if he keeps this up. 




 Never really knew remixes like this existed, some of the other tracks are even better  




 Because they're a bunch of fucks that were raised in a shitty family and were starved for attention.

Now that they're grown up, they'll do anything to get that attention, even if it means making others suffer.

I hold a special place for people like this piece of shit, and it's called 'I hope he gets hit by a car driven by that boys parents'.  




 No lie, everyone has their own beholder. 

You may not be attractive to one person but you may be very attractive to another. 

So, I_have_so_many_names - you're a beautiful person too. 




 Don't stress OP, I think you're pretty / handsome in your own little way. 

Everyone is.

 




 Anyone have a list of their own personal Dale Gribble episodes they recommend?

Shi Shaaaa! 




 The Amiga 500 




 He might've been checking if the grass really was greener on the other side? 




 All I need now is a portable Amiga 500 




 Hucci - Cashmere.

The best part of the track is in the video.. The rest of it is pretty ordinary 




 Hey bud, you've become my favourite reviewer. Keep up the good work and humour!! 




 Or that being too clever can make you look like an asshole. 




 I've so far seen a guy jam an elephant sized dildo up his ass, a hand blown off, a hole in someone's face, all whilst I've been in this sub.. 

This has been the most mentally disturbing one of all, it had me physically cringing as well.

Those kids will be mentally scarred for life  




 That is some interesting info and thank you.

I've seen the hardware get better and better, and with the new software and control it will bring, hopefully the 2 can  match.

The OS is where it needs to be from a look and feel perspective, its buttery smooth, its fast, and now can work on minimal hardware specs. Its about time they sort out the camera. 




 Boop 




 Really though? Isn't it just another interface lift? I haven't really seen much posted about camera improvements on the N5, hoping someone running L can verify the difference for me, if any.. 
























 You need some scratching up on your Major League movies there Roger Dorn! :) 




 I know Georges line, but the free and clear reminded me of the scene when Pedro Cerano says Free and Clear, but Charlie Sheen asks 'did he day Free and Queer?' 




 Reading your title, have you watched the movie Major League part 2? 

 




 Yep, so have I.

I abandoned them when they were full blown iOS fanboys, but now they're less biased. 




 Josh went to the New yorker or something posh like that, didn't he?

He was a bit of a pretentious wanker at times, but he got the job done.

Jon Rettinger is probably one of favorites and I should visit technobuffalo more.

For video reviews, Jon and MKBHD are my top picks. 




 The verge is now the old Engadget. 

Engadget has now become what the verge used to be.  




 That I'm aware of, then again I'm sure parts of Asia are 240v too.

Holidaying in the states, the ex didn't shut the hell up about her hairdryer not working properly EVERYWHERE we went. 

She was hoping it worked differently when we went from San Diego to New York. 




 You guys 240v? I thought that part of the world was the 110-130v range too.

Well, looks like my hairdryer would work fine there.. If I had one, and if I had hair. 




 Its Reddit. There is a subreddit for every weird bit of obscure shit in the world. 




 240v ? Aus or NZ? 




 You need to post this in /r/NSFWmomoftheyear 




 Well hang on..

I did the ota manually to lollipop. 

So far I've had no dramas, the battery is better than it was on KitKat, the phone is still very snappy and quick, and it might be a placebo effect but the camera seems better.

The only issue I have is that the 4chan app Chanu no longer works. 




 I think its time for a r/bootgirl sub to be made specifically for her.

Trashy or not, I'd sub to it. 




 Well... Maybe her crotch looks like a worn boot 




 As long as that's not my family or SO in the pic, I'm all good with this post.

 




 Ooohhhh she's wearing boots.

Didn't see that till it was pointed out. 




 Mine showed the 'error', then told me to download it again, crashed the second time and now no new update is available.

They can't even get the bugs in the bug fix sorted 




 Nothing but a positive experience every time I've dealt with Vapeking 




 Oooohhh.. THAT Herman grid illusion... Oh yeah, I knew it was that I was looking for  




 Any episode that's Dale centric is a winner for me.

A firefighting we will go is awesome as well, not Dale centric, but plenty of his awesomeness  




 Thanks mate, what about battery? 




 Thanks mate, pretty basic, compared to the nexus 5..

- battery life
- camera
- sound quality
- screen quality

 




 Bingo.. Well 5.2 inch I believe.

The only down side is that it doesn't have dual front speakers. 

If the Aus play store sells out of the Nexus 6, then I can be 100% sure that they only released 15 phones on launch day.

No one can be stupid enough to fork out $800aud+ for a nexus.

I cringed at paying what I did for my Nexus 9, but at least thats a tablet. 




 Well either way, this just reaffirms that the Moto X will be my replacement for the Nexus 5 I have.

Fucking nexus 6 and its stupid size. 




 - The Sopranos
- Seinfeld
- King of the Hill


This is my top 3 which I've personally accomplished. 




 It was one of the nicest built phones back in its day.

From memory I think HTC released it with windows on it too 




 You're thinking of the HTC Dream / G1 




 We had that design in Aus, it was called the HTC Legend 




 Where does he find those shirts? And noticed the 360 on his wrist 




 4 chan less /b/ro 




 Being in Aus, that date made perfect sense to me.

It's only you imperial loving clowns that get confused :)

 




 How's your tailbone? 




 All I'm seeing lately is that The Verge has hired all of the reporters Engadget once had and vice versa.

Engadget was just a tech site for Apple fanboys, not The Verge has taken over that role. 




 Meh, I'd still tap it. 




 Metalife isnt a scam, I feel so refreshed and full of energy. I've lost 5 pounds and haven't even left the couch.

Idiots. 




 Huh? Their Banana custard rivals all the crap I've paid a fortune for from the US 




 Bosco? 




 My Nan Nan?! 




 That's the exact same path I'm taking.. The nexus 5 was a done deal for me, but a monstrously big phone with a hefty price tag isn't something I'm willing to just buy Willy nilly! 




 I bought one on release day by sheer fluke.

I was one of the 8 people that got the first run of the Nexus 4. 




 Count me in the club. 

I don't mind their shitty built plastic phones, with horrible battery life and over saturated screens, its Touchwiz that pisses me off the most.
 




 I have a Nexus One, Nexus S, Galaxy Nexus, Nexus 4, Nexus 5, Nexus 7 and just ordered a Nexus 9.. 

This sub isn't condescending at all, everyone is really friendly.

Oh.. Wait...

 




 This whole screenshot with the OP and 'creep' is worthy of r/cringepics 

'Welcome to r/creepypms, say cheese!'

The cringe.. 




 Mate, you're not alone, I thought the same thing.

Now they just have to make their phone's take decent photos 




 Even if it didn't, the lovely Nerds on XDA would surely conjure something up for us! 




 I have a N5 and a 2012 N7,

I pulled the trigger and pre-ordered a 32gb N9 the day it was open for pre-order.

I buy every Nexus, including the dreaded heap of shit Galaxy Nexus.

The Nexus 6 will be the exception, I don't mind the price as you're paying for what you're getting, but 6 inches is just too stupidly big.

Project Volta better sort out my Nexus 5 battery life, or I'll be updating to the 2014 Moto X instead.

Just when Google finally release the dream Nexus phone, with all the hardware and build quality we have been waiting for, they fuck it right up by making it the biggest phone on the market.

Where's my Nokia 8210, I'm going back to the days when my battery lasted 3 days and the phone fit in my pocket. 




 It's awesome that Google is listening to their userbase and including functions that have been on custom roms such as CM for a long time now, but they should've had these functions included a long time ago.

Especially the flashlight functionality, that should've been included with stock Android from the moment they made a phone with a camera and an led flash. 




 That whiney American accent made me internal rage throughout the whole video.

She sat there filming and barking orders instead of actually doing anything.

 




 Remember to pass it back on to someone who is now in the same shoes you once were. 




 Well as per some of the below comments, I hope its not.

5.9inch is fucked.

The nexus 5 is the border for me.  




 Order it to an address in Ballina :) 




 I knew exactly what the video was going to be before I even clicked it.

Still watched it in its entirety. 

One of the best clips. 




 I hope you're right  




 You need to remember, cigarettes tasted ok when we smoked, but you never had 4 in a row, you could see when you ran out and were left with just the butt.

When vaping, we are inhaling all types of flavours that taste awesome (most of the time) and if you really wanted to, the only stop would be you running out of juice in the tank or battery.

You definitely had too much nic and that's the feeling you get.

If you're a chain vaper and are on it quite a fair bit, maybe drop the nic to 8mg .. 




 I've been saying this since Gingerbread.. 

I want to be able to finally to a backup of my phone and then restore it app for app, message for message, icon on home screen for icon on hone screen, when I login to my new phone.

It can't be that hard.

I don't care about my music, photos are already backed up to google..  




 You forgot the 21. Do  a gonewild post, claim I'm shy and a virgin, but show everyone on the internet what I ate for breakfast 2 weeks ago, with a cat in the background and an anti religion poster on the wall. 




 I wish I didn't watch that.

I automatically thought of my son and almost shed a tear feeling the pain the dad was in the video.

 




 You need to cross post this to /r/justneckbeardthings 




 That episode had the best Dale moments in it.. Especially when Hank finally let Dale rip on Bill 




 They spelt what hwat wrong. 




 For any absolute beginners, I always recommend an Evod kit.

They're cheap and come complete ready to go.. If Vaping isn't for you and you don't like it, you're not stuck with an expensive bunch of equipment  




 Ha! As a kid when one of our family picnics went down the usual path of one of my drunken uncles getting into a fight with another picnic goer.. 

He threatened my uncle with "you want to take this outside??!!"

The response was an instant "We are outside you fucken idiot!" 

Needless to say, everyone laughed and situation was defused. 




 From memory, I remember reading somewhere that its the bodies way of checking that the old fella still works and the plumbing is all ok as it does its system checks and mainframe restarts while you sleep.. 




 I'm probably doing it wrong, but I'm not enjoying dripping at all.. I have a Stillaire on it at the moment and its not for me, the Kayfun lite and the Stingray are a perfect match. 




 Funny this, I'm having this same issue with mine and its a day old..

Gonna try and change the pin out as a first step..

It is probably the best mod I've owned so far, especially that it's smaller than the nemesis as well!

The nemesis is now in the draw. 




 Is your name actually Yatzi? I don't know any Jewish names but that sounds Jewish. 




 Spare some change for an old buccaneer? 




 That's not too bad, I'm trying to grow hair in general. 




 I almost drowned as a kid when I was caught in a really strong rip..

This article is 100%, screaming for help for some reason was the last thing on my mind, I did everything the books tell you not to do such as panic and swim against the current.

It took a while of struggling before I realised what I was doing and started to swim away from the current and not against it.

Needless to say, it scared the shot out of me and reaffirmed why I hate the beach so much.

Now that I have a son, I'm even more cautious when he is next to water. 




 Nancy, Why is John Redcorn in our shower? 




 He's copying this guy - Trent from Punchy: http://youtu.be/0RjC-vh06_c

I hope to good he doesn't get a following, that was painfully annoying to listen to and watch 




 MY NAN NAN??!!! 




 r/wtf has basically turned into r/mildlyinteresting 




 SPEAK UP FAGGOT!  




 Ha! Spacedicks is my go-to subreddit for when people ask me to show them what Reddit is.

Its the 2 girls 1 cup of Reddit.

The rest will remain Blue.

Ok I lie.. I just clicked on clop clop to see what it was.. Sad world we live in. 




 You are a gentleman  




 You want to advertise the bottle don't you! :)

Let me make some up mate and I'll give you a yell 




 Once you start with this stuff it's bloody life consuming!

The hardest thing I've found is a balance in making the juice strong enough for evod / clearomiser users but not too strong from Kayfun / RDA users!

Strawberries and cream is sickly sweet 




 I think I might need to register a new account with PENIS_Juice as the username :)

Thanks again mate and the work you did is absolutely brilliant. 




 Its the one that gets the most laughs!! 




 You are a gentleman and I would be more than happy to share my recipes!

At the moment I'm only really kind of happy with my banana custard and strawberries and cream. The grape is ok but nothing crash hot in my opinion.. But I'm a little finicky! :) 




 Mate you have outdone yourself.

I mean honestly outdone all expectations I had.

Bottles will be mixed up this weekend and on their way, I have all your details via pm as well.

All I need is your mg preference or do you want to mix your own? 




 Lol not attached to fonts colours etc.. And all my bottles are the standard 30ml size.

The ONLY thing that can be changed is maybe dropping the penis and balls off Nut Butter.. I love the joke being subtle :)

The grape isn't quite ready yet, but my Banana custard is and so is my Strawberries and cream.

Your concoction sounds bliss!

I have a bit of a sweet tooth, so be warned.. All my mixes are 70vg 30pg at this stage :) 




 Damn it, I haven't even sold a juice yet and I already have 3 employees on the books.

Fine, you're hired.

Plus you get a free bottle of Statutory Grape from PENIS Juice Down Under (Being from Aus, this only makes sense to add to the name)

No, honestly, PM me details, I'll pay the shipping etc and send you a bottle of Juice for you to try out and tell me what you think. 

Even though technically I can't sell Nic based juices in Aus, doesn't stop me selling to the US! , So let me know the mg.

 




 I sometimes spell Jerry with a G.. And an I !!! 




 I don't think you people understand that I will now make this a reality.

426 upvotes, to me means 426 possible customers with a sense of humour.

Thanks to User u/GhotiOuttaDHMO - I will make 'Statutory Grape' a my first flavour and send out the samples as a free give-away, 




 You are the WINNER!

Some of them made me actually LOL

You will be my PENIS Juice Chef. 




 I can make that juice a joint venture with you, 

A part of the new and improved PENIS range of Juices..

My PENIS Juice will be spread around in mouths world-wide, being sucked on by many people of many cultures and races..

Then it will be second hand inhaled by non vapers.

My PENIS Juice knows no bounds. 




 Veeeery good, but I'm really liking the other recommendation of 'Baby batter' 




 hehe, I have.. well, About 5 mins ago I asked him how he likes my Juice in the back of his throat. 




 Not available in my country... Damn it. 




 Not sure what Chicago flag stars look like, the only stars I know are on the Aus flag :) 




 Hmmm... let me consult google on this one. 




 You have now just labelled my Beehive Blend.

'Milky Man Honey' 




 See, this is clever.

Very clever.

It will be my Cookies and Cream name. 




 Well Mr Floorspud - thank you!

You're little comment has now become a reality.. Like that guy that watercolours everything. 




 It sure is, one of the events girls photoshopped the bow-tie on him 




 That boy ain't right. 




 Ooohhh that's a good name.

I've been trying to figure out funny names for the juice flavours. 




 Ha ha yes!! 




 Well that bottle was Strawberries and cream. 


Extra creamy 




 I'm going to show him the comments, the guy is basically Hank Hill, his squareness will make his cringe face even better  
























 PS I'm from Aus, we bastardise the language the most. 




 Now you're just being silly, France would quit that battle within minutes.

Colour  Color 




 Does the same to me with Z. Chrome is confused. 




 Lol.

You Americanised the English language. 

You see how I used an s in Americanised?

REAL English.

Vapour. 




 Any episode with Dale is a great episode.

One of my favourite Dale quotes about Bill when Dale took all of his money "Bill would've just spent it all on something stupid, like himself" 




 Oh, you're bald.. And my the attractive type of bald. 




 Use actual english and not American English and you'll be fine.

Vapour. 




 I was always told that a 'poor man always pays twice' which is so true.

If you skimp out on a product, you'll be paying for another one very soon.  




 Thank you! 




 Which ep was this? I vaguely remember it.. 




 /r/dadjokes would love you over there, you sick freak 




 Video has been removed, any other links out there?

Edit:

Larry Stogner News Reporter Announces ALS Diagnosis   retires on LIVE TV...: http://youtu.be/mDeQ1IU8QFM 




 I started on Liqua as well, damn its a horrible juice once you figure out what else is out there.

Buy your juice locally if you want to, I use Steam E-Cigs in Sydney, then go to nicvape.com and buy your nicotine.

Mix it up yourself dude and you'll never go back, you'll enjoy great tasting juices and can make them as strong or weak as you want.

Careful with liqua as there are a lot of fakes out there. 




 In Aus Dairy Milk is classified as bottom end as well, in my opinion it shits all over the expensive competition. 

Dairy Milk that's on the border of melting is the bomb. 




 This was posted  a year ago, still made me laugh now like I did then.

Don't bother we watching the whole movie, its beyond shit. 




 That stupid HTC bar is still there taking up real estate pointlessly 




 Fucking Strobe.. Best track released by far. 




 Mooooooooom!! 




 If anything, the guy filming is a total douche.

Get the fuck out and see if the driver is ok, instead of just filming him 




 Great to see a fellow Aussie tackling the tech world. Keep it up bud 




 That's a Nexus 5? Great idea though mate, but if any phone needs it, its the Nexus 5.. At least you can get 64gb on the Nexus 6 




 Depending on where you live and who you are, this could be a good and a bad thing 




 How come your pillow is so shitty compared to hers? 




 A lot of these publications still have old writers employed that think it's still 2008.

They have an iPhone and never used anything else 




 Bingo.. Very well put mate 




 Don't worry, eventually sex becomes overrated. It becomes a chore.

I now completely understand why Al Bundy used to groan and moan about it. 




 No probs, some juices do it faster than others 




 5% of the worlds population pick their nose for sexual gratification. 

Holding your pee in and then that awesome feeling of releasing it, is 5% of the feeling of an orgasm 




 Dude.. Your phone is on silent, it's doing what you've told it to do.. Be silent.

Try using a free trial of Poweramp, I think from memory that paused music.. And it's a shit load better than the base music app 




 She looks tougher than most male cops I've seen.

She'll fuck you up! 




 A couple things here mate..

The juice has nicotine in it, as your tank is not airtight, the nicotine is oxidising, this makes it go brown.

The other thing that might happen is that the cotton or wick is so dirty in old coils, it may discolour your juice a little.

My first scenario would be the main cause though  




 Be careful.. Adrenalin is a hell of a thing, if you're in a heated fight, your opponent might be buzzing with adrenalin, that ball kick will be useless.. 

Not to say it won't hurt like hell an hour later though. 




 She squeezed a box in her.. Box?  




 Well maybe that's what the beheading is about.. No one really eats the head I guess.. 




 Brand identity? Blackberry? Not a anymore..  




 "Ohh I like the new camera that Sony has released, I'll pick up the block next week" 

No need to change the whole phone, just change the camera module.

In a world of so much waste, you'll actually now keep
Your phone for 2 years + as you will just change the pieces as you need to.

Removable batteries are back! 




 The 2 finger pull down reveals the whole settings section of the phone once again. 




 http://youtu.be/DnJsv46c8rw

Documentary I'm watching about it.

Being Aus, we have heaps of places similar to this but they're easy to avoid..

Anywhere extreme west of Sydney or anywhere with a large aboriginal population is a no-go zone 




 My Aspire Nautilus always used to gurgle and definitely muted the flavour production. Even with the holes opened full pelt the vapour was low compared to the standard Kanger tanks you get with the starter kit. 

Later versions may have fixed these issues, but for me, it sits in a cupboard and gathers dust.

I should be thankful, the Nautilus is what pushed me over the edge to try mechanical mods and start building my own Kayfuns. 




 100000000000% 

Piece of shit, ugly ass looking tank, with no flavour or vapour.  




 ABCDEFGHIJKRMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ 




 Could also be the top of a foreskin 




 There's another Babka? 




 The fact that you fell for this is brilliant 




 My Muslim mate married a Catholic Italian girl.. He eats pork, he loves it.

Everyone loves pork. 




 Dogs aren't stupid.. He knew what you were doing in there. 




 Can it be changed to 18490 or is it an 18650 tube only? 




 Clip your nose hairs Al, it looks like a giant squid is trying to reach out and take the kids 




 Shazam / SoundHound no good?

Hmm hmm hiiiiiiim.. 




 Leave the title as is, we all knew what you meant, but it still gave us a laugh. 

From personal experience, start of with an evod kit to see if you even enjoy Vaping / Gaping.

Kanger products for a first timer are great, there are a lot of fakes out there so make sure you buy from someone reputable.

The aspire Nautilus is a heap of shit, ugly, massive, tasteless, tank. 

If I hadn't smashed mine out of anger I would've sent it to you for free. 




 You're the 3 J's - a Jew, a Ginger, and you're from Jersey. 

Strike 3 Kyle!  




 I'm thinking it's something else system based, my nexus 5 started doing this after 5.0.1 




 If only the babies head wasn't in the way.. 




 According to my chrome dome, no, no it doesn't. 




 I have an iPad air 2 from work and the nexus 9 that I bought myself.. 

As much as I hate iOS, the iPad is definitely better in all other aspects. 

Even the front facing speakers aren't too crash hot 




 Err.. They look like mother and daughter.. As long as she's over 18, all power to you. 




 March 6th is my 1 year anniversary since quitting analogs. 

Started when I was 14, am now 30, this is the longest I've ever stopped smoking, and to be honest, there's no chance of heading back. 




 Samsung has a better one called the SBasket, Apple doesn't invent everything you fanboy. /sarcasm 




 Can confirm, 30 year old here and already had New Years last night.. 2am we all packed up shop and hit the hay. 

Was a good night. 




 Well, the cover / magic case, is a heap of shit / 10 




 Folio Cover is what they're usually called? No?  




 I hate you so much you brilliant man / woman!

Where we're you a week ago!

Thank you so much mate, ordered! 




 Annnnnnnd its out of stock

:) 




 So, I just received the folio today from Google, and bought the indigo colour.

Colour is beautiful, not too bright, not too extravagant, just a nice mint / blue mixture, like putting toilet blue in an algae infested pond.

The fit:
This is where it fails miserably, it does everything you want an original cover not to do.

1) it doesn't sit on the device properly, it constantly moves and shuffles over the device.

2) the magnets are WEAK. It will constantly fall and pull off as you use it. 

3) the folding of the rear tabs will almost certainly pull it off the device.

4) for what you're getting, its expensive.

The good.

1) If you leave it in the TV watching position and don't touch it at all, it works fine.

2) Google ships it in a box that can fit 80 of these cases in there, it won't feel suffocated or uncomfortable in the box during shipping.


Overall Score: 3/10

Edit - Nexus 9 Smart Cover: http://youtu.be/vW_0F6UYOu4

I added a video of it. 




 I love my Nexus 9, not sure I'd recommend it though.

Its like Google found the perfect way to piss me off this year.

Release a 9 inch HTC tablet : shit build quality, shit screen bleed, shit price, the shittest folio cover and shit screen flickering.

Release a new phone: make it gigantic and unusable with one hand. Make it overly expensive.

Google this year has pissed me off 




 Good find.

All you need to find now are those blue shipping containers  




 Ha! When I couldn't find tape, I'd jam rolled up balls of paper on there. 




 And they're ripping / on-selling steam e-cigs juices and naming of the juices..

That's a shit effort.  




 Can't help with Juice at this stage, but steam e-cigs in Roseberry is a good B M to shop at, and its about 15 mins out of the city. Relatively close to train stations as well. 




 I didn't realize pagers still even existed  




 You in Aus? 




 This is why we also have /r/nsfwmomoftheyear 




 According to Google, they release stock every Wednesday 




 So now I have a video of a tranny dancing in my YouTube history.

Good quality video though! 




 What scares me is doctors saying that everyone will experience one in their lifetime. 

 




 For fucks sake, I don't give a fuck about the rest of your comment, but stop referring to people from Arab countries as wogs.

Europeans don't want to be entangled in the same web as being Arab.

Its an insult worse than being called a wog. 




 - "how's about Nooo!, you crazy Dutch bastard". Austin Powers Gold member 




 Or leave it a full speed.. The slow-mo ruins it for me 




 Really? To the kevels of countries where gun laws are relaxed?

I dont think so. 




 Fight or Flight.. 

And this guy had the balls to fight, what a champion, and will be remembered as a champion.

I hope his family and friends find solace in knowing that he saved many lives at the cost of his own.

The other positive is that the cunt holding them hostage was shot dead.. As usually they'd arrest him, then hold him in prison where tax payers will feed him and clothe him, along with some fuckwhit lawyer that would be fighting for his innocence. 

Secondly, what's up with the bonehead news reporter from the US claiming this wouldn't have happened if we had more relaxed gun laws?

Let's compare the shooting / murder rates between Aus and the US per capita. 




 They're saying 'slut' in all the magical different ways. 




 Stupid Jimmy. 




 Fraser island in Qld Australia has the same clear water 




 The N9 contrary to everyone else bitching and moaning about it, is actually a fantastic tablet.

Coming from a N7, the 9 is blisteringly fast and with 5.0 is a perfect match.

The only down side to the 9 is the crappy power and volume buttons that are sunk in too deep, and the screen bleed. 




 I'm an android fanboy, I have the nexus 9 and an iPad air.. When it comes to build quality, the iPad is far more supreme 




 This is brilliant. 




 no no.. Scholar first, to become a Gent.

 




 Well, smart phones didn't have a decent camera till about 2008. My guess is that he/she (redditor) would now be about 12-14 




 Am I the only one that has actually had a positive experience with my N5 and battery life?

I'm getting at least 10-15% more battery life over the day  




 Just fixed my auto correct.

Same here, I have no issues with vaping being restricted to smoking areas and cubicles when taking a dump. 




 Yep, you just can't puff on it in the office at your desk 




 Why are the greens in general such a negative impact to Australia and its society?

You always seem to team up with the worst government at the time and do nothing but slow the economy down.

How are you going to change this and actually be more productive? Along with breaking the stigma that you're just another bunch of tree hugging hippies?.

We know all about global warming blah blah blah, what are YOU actually going to do about it rather than just telling us what you WOULD do if you ever had power..

Why would you even join the greens knowing well that you'll never stand alone as a party and will always be a tag along?

Sorry for the multiple questions, but you're the one on the stand doing an AMA, and this is my 'anything' I'm asking. 




 Go and buy a metre of plastic hose for fishtank pumps etc..

Cut it into tiny pieces that cover the tip.

This is how my local vape shop does it 




 5.. Fucking 5.

I can't get more than that and it frustrates the shit out of me.

Lollipop and the android flappy bird ruined my Nexus 5 




 I always thought the audience was behind the TV? 




 Yeah well, I have an Aus made car with an LS1 In it. I need both socket sets to work on it.  




 Well, I'm having troubles at home  




 Your response was one of those 'well that escalated quickly' although in reverse.

Nice post though dude / dudette. 




 I just wanna see it on my wrist for sizing 




 Inbox sucks. 




 Its not very often that something actually makes me 'lol' .. Your comment is today's winner 




 Try turning the notifications off? That's the main reason why you now need to swipe  
























 I'm confused on this one..  




 You matter to me buddy. 




 Go on? 




 Do you strap yourself in and feel the g's? 




 I'm not seeing this as a link to your username you've chosen  




 Indians did 7/11..

FTFY. 




 Your username is probably used in countless other places on the interweb, how did you choose this alias? 




 Without even checking the sub, I read that in the accent as soon as I seen the title. 




 It's not a club with minimal members buddy. 

I'm there with membership as well. 




 I'm a guy, I've been with many girls and so far I'm on a solid 0.

Same thing as anal.. Damn porn, lied to me again. 




 I checked the profile to see how long its been in action for.. I've never been so scared to look at someone's profile before.

The fact that its a gay guy just made it even more unsettling. 




 What song is it? 




 Sunny D and Rum? 




 Much of a muchness really, when you're trained to fight in a street scenario it's never about death, it's always based around defusing the situation and making sure you're not in danger anymore. 

This can be by walking away from it, or if you really do need to fight, it's about disabling your attacker as quickly as possible, then walking away.

You're taught which spots can kill, and these are generally the ones you avoid.

Source: Am 30 now, and been training on and off since I was 7 in 3 types of martial arts. 




 Thanks mate..

Poor bloke. 




 Paddlin' the school canoe?  




 I like to put my feet up 




 Sign me up buddy, happy to write full length reviews for you to post as well.

Edit: confirmation email doesn't send.. Haven't received anything 




 What's his story? / was his story.. 




 Beat me to it. 




 Why the fuck am I on Brain detail?? 




 It exists.. /r/showerthoughts 




 Yep.. Went really sweaty and cold at the same time.. Next thing I was on the ground breathing heavily. 




 No Timmy, unfortunately people like this are real. 




 You need a head in your skull!  




 All jokes aside, I actually like Dr Pepper.. Shit is rare as hens teeth in Aus. 




 Here you go 

Extreme Cheapskates S03E03: http://youtu.be/ho0D7pGJRg4 









 You must be new to this guy.. Watch his video about saving a ladies eggs. 

The closest he'll ever get to eggs and a woman in the same sentence.

Edit: here it is.. Enjoy..

 Her Eggs Made Me Feel Like Batman: http://youtu.be/OF2P-hLAZZ4 




 He looks like a thimble. 




 There is drinks other than mountain dew? 









 LOL.. 

I'm exempt, I'm one of those pains in the ass that resists, so they've let me keep my iPhone 6.

The Nexus 6 is my personal, so I look like a drug dealer with 2 phones everywhere I go. 




 Well.. My work is now pushing windows phones to everyone instead of blackberry as we have now merged over to Exchange and Outlook.

Gone from a shit phone to another shit phone.  




 Congrats mate, mines coming up on the 6th.. 




 What do you mean by full screen mode? I'm pretty sure it does have it mate,  




 I had no idea that its an official Reddit app. 

It always crashes when you're trying to edit a comment you've already posted. 

I've found myself picking up my droid device to fix up the spelling errors I did with my ios device. 




 Will do mate, thank you  




 Nexus 6 / 9 type larger screens? 




 Say "what does the fox say" 




 And regrets it - Steve Ballmer on His Biggest Regret (Oct. 21, 2014) | Charlie Rose: http://youtu.be/v9d3wp2sGPI 




 Having to sync with a PC was another downfall.  




 I use both Android and iOS, alien blue is a heap of shit. Constantly crashes.

Reddit is Fun for Android is probably the best one I've tried. 


Edit: I have the PAID version of Reddit is fun. Supposedly no one buys android apps....
 




 Most of the unknown subreddits, I reckon Reddit has probably created a few serial killers  




 Kind of gives a new meaning to /r/eyebleach though.. 




 I'm as close to being a 5 year old mentally as you can get.. The first 2 paragraphs nailed it perfectly. 

 




 Animals itch for a variety of reasons. This annoying sensation can becausedby dry skin, skin irritation, dirty skin, insect bites, disease, parasites such as lice, or even forpsychosomaticreasons. Researchers believe this sensation came about as a way of teaching us to avoid irritants and preserve the skins health.

Scientists have made progress in identifying neurotransmitters responsible for causing the itching impulses in the brain, a team from the National Institute of Health has been able to identify which of those factors is primarily responsible for driving the sensation. The research was led by Michael Iadarola of the NIHs Department of Perioperative Medicine and the paper has been made open access in the journalMolecular Pain.

Itching is believed to be caused by gastrin releasing peptide (GRP), natriuritic precursor peptide B (NPPB), and neuromedin B (NMB). A study published inSciencein May 2013 identified a significant part of the pathway that NPPBwhich is produced in the heartuses to trigger the itching sensation in mice. The authors of that paper worked on Iadarolas team to make quantitative measurements about the potential role each neuropeptide plays in causing itching.

The current study used a technique called RNA Sequencing (RNA-Seq) to identify where and in what quantity the itch-causing neuropeptides were being expressed in mice, rats, and humans. The results supported the previous study inSciencethat implicated NPPB as a primary cause of itchingat least in mice. As it turns out, rats and humans dont express NPPB in their sensory ganglia. However, all of the tested species expressed NPPA, which acts on the same peptide receptor as NPPB.

NMB was expressed in high levels at sensory ganglia across all three species, hinting that it has been evolutionarily conserved. The results also showed that GRP was not expressed in any of the three species, refuting the long-held notion that it plays a role in producing itching. The misidentification likely came from interactions between anti-GRP antibodies and NMB in the sensory ganglia. This could mean that previous studies based on GRPs supposed role in itching need to be reevaluated.

While scratching acute itches can bereally, really satisfying, certain conditions can trigger the desire to scratch excessively, which can break the skin and haveserious consequences. Understanding the pathway involved in causing the itch sensation would allow researchers to potentially create a way to block those molecules. If the pathway could be altered, it could be used as a treatment and bring significant relief to those suffering from psoriasis, eczema, and other chronic skin conditions.

www.iflscience.com 




 Perfect for those who lung hit 




 Hope you're ok..

Usually the story goes "if it wasn't for that pole, he/she would still be alive" 




 If melb holds a vape convention, I'd fly down for it.

Melb does shit way better than Sydney does.

I was at Steam today when they were discussing attendance at the meet.. They weren't taking anything or doing anything apart from just hanging out.

I don't want free shit etc, but a meet like they have in the US would be awesome.. Something along the lines of a convention. 

With a convention you get to see what people are doing, products that you weren't aware of etc.. 




 This is especially true if your box is running batteries in serial 




 What exactly is this meet?

Will there be anything interesting going on with suppliers etc, or just a bunch of peanuts vaping away in a beer garden? 




 Sorry to hear mate 




 I love that this is your personal favourite, meaning there is more of his antics to report on. 




 Chinese new year celebrations? 




 I picked one up last week for $49 from steam e cigs.. Brilliant little unit  




 Being bald and reviewing balding cures.

Losing my hair at 19+ made me an expert in all the crack pot and medical remedies out there.

Here's the Jazz people, nothing works except for implants.

So get get that razor sharpened and join the dome. 




 In Macedonian and other eastern European languages we have a similar concept.

Directly translated the term is 'babied', as in, the words used are given a slight twist to make them 'cute' and baby like.

E.g -  and  (sock and err.. Socky?) "Where are your sockies" .. Hope this makes sense  




 Don't concentrate on the finger, or you'll lose all that heavenly glory... 




 On Fasttech there are hundreds.

I'm using the Lite version 3.1.  




 It shrinks?? 




 That episode is one of my favourites 




 As much as it might upset some people, grab a Kayfun Lite from Fasttech, clone or not, I have 2 of them and there is no difference to my real one apart from being 1/10th of the price 




 Took what out? 




 My George isn't clever enough to hatch a scheme like this! 




 They called Cartwright, no one answered so she hung up. 

Who's Cartwright?

I'm Cartwright. 




 Coco! Hi five. 




 But where does the meat go?  




 You know, it's just like a normal salad.. But bigger! 




 Might have custom protection, but there are only so many cell manufacturers..

I want to open my 30w up and put in a VTC instead  




 What battery brand do you use in the istick 30w? 




 She was bald Jerry, BALD!! 




 They were floating.. But they were out there Jerry 




 I was a 40, now I'm a 42, I'm huge Jerry!


Just let them rip people! 




 Their should've been a mango in the picture somewhere! 




 Lol - NUT 




 Got to agree here.. It's just a huge nexus 5. 




 Mine is on its way.. With the logo 




 Thanks mate, I'll pass.

Not a massive fan of nut flavours 




 Where are you based and what do these flavours actually taste like? 




 I bought my Nexus 6 because my Nexus 5 was doing this constantly 




 Give google a call and see what they say.  Might be worth a shot 




 Call him Gammy!   (Gammy's getting UPSET!!) 




 Please, from now on call me T-Bone 




 I was at the gym and I saw him.. He 'was huge'  




 Sorry mate, I received it as a an MMS ,  saved it and shared it.. No manipulation of it from my end 




 He is a sexy fellow, can't believe Hallmark haven't invested in him for Valentines day cards yet.. 




 Not sure that burnt cock breath will be worth it.. 




 Well, I had sex.. With your wife!! 









 The Walky has to be one of my most favorite cars. I had to watch the gif twice because I missed the prank the first time  




 I just went from the n5 to the n6 solely for the camera.. Definitely not disappointed. 




 Thanks mate, never read anything so boring yet interesting at the same time  




 So I'm guessing you all have it memorised? Seems painful. 




 All ya'll Muricans' - what the hell is a social security number and what does this club membership get you?

I'm gathering your birth is registered as it is in most other countries, although from what I gather, you're given a SS number, when and how is this number used in life? 




 That was a great video. Your voice is so well suited to tutorials as well 




 Looks like big bird from sesame Street 




 XXXX Summer Bright 

I hate beer, but this beer goes down so easy.

Now, just to kill the arguments, Yes its a 'girls beer', I know. 




 Sorry mate I didn't finish it until 10pm last night Aus time, 

Its now day time and I'll add a few more pics  




 Black Honda Accord Euro / Acura TSX.

Used Nu Finish scratch doctor, then the once a year protection they sell.

Scratch doctor was ok, but not as good as hoped for the bonnet, previous owner had tree sap on it and it's permanently ingrained in the clear, I might try Meguires Ultimate Compound on it  




 Thanks mate! No idea it existed 




 6 hours later and it's done. Love how the car and the fence outside blend in together.

2010 Honda Accord Euro / Acura TSX for my US friends  
























 Nope have a nexus 5 and 6 on 5.1 and still get it. 




 Nothing says I'm reading a post by an aussie as when you see 'these cunts' 

Fucking brilliant.

But yeah, give us some examples dude, you can't just slander someone's business and not back yourself up  




 No! No! stop it! Stooop!!!! 




 Anonapotimus? 




 Please make sure you also send your CVV number on the back. 




 My brain went straight to "cruising down the street in my '6 4' - Eazy E 




 Season 1 episode 1, the pilot  




 Just ride it out dude, it does get easier. 

 




 What season and episode is this from? Is a null comment  




 Until then, I'll keep on watching the seasons I backed up from the internet should it ever go down 




 You're good. Hats off to you, even gave the back story! 




 Fuck.. Me too.. 

Exactly the same thing here. 

It definitely kept me sane by keeping my mind off it as much as possible.

For me it was Seinfeld and KOTH, so far I've watched them both back to back about 6 times. 




 Hi guys, 

Can we make it a sub rule that when referring to a pic, gif, video clip, that we include the season and episode in the title?

This would make it a lot easier to refer to the scene and would stop a lot of the "which episode was this?" questions. 




 No one is an outcast or a freak mate, you just haven't found the people that share the same interests as you. 




 Been there too buddy, I made another post in this same thread explaining it as well 




 I now have a little boy of my own, I'd hate for him to ever experience bullying, let alone ever become a little asshole that does it. 




 You live in bankstown and feel a little outnumbered?  




 Compared to the rest of Sydney.. I beg to differ.

I don't mean this in a derogatory manner, just stating the facts. 




 Bankstown is predominantly Muslim.

Sausage sizzles generally aren't halal and nor should they be.

Pork sausages rock.

Go for a drive to a bunnings outside of the bankstown area and get your fix. 




 I was a cunt of a kid.. These days in the office environment the world of bullying and teasing to some extent still exists.. 

In a way of trying to amend my ways, I'm still a cunt, but am protective of the guys on the receiving end of bullying and teasing. 

One of my close friends at work is a bit of a super nerd, he games hardcore, loves Star wars, collects figurines, grows a weird beard etc etc.. He doesn't have a bad bone in his body.

I'll watch upper ranked management at my level and above snigger at him, give him pointless chores etc, and time and time again I'll step in and tell them to fuck themselves on his behalf. 

He knows I'll always laugh at his little batman dolls on his desk, or his little yoda thing, but I'll also take the time to let him explain why he likes them etc. 

He tells me that at school he and his group were always picked on, and that outcast group that people used to laugh at.. I was one of those cunts on the giving end. 

To all you peeps that felt left out, bullied, picked on or made an outcast, I'm sorry. 




 "He would do his little cape thing" - this line got me smiling and laughing.

Being an adult, you see that as being cute in a way, but as a kid, he would be seen as a freak and constantly bullied where I went to school. 




 T 




 Oi Ben! 

Oi Ben: https://youtu.be/2GLFzhYV5S0 




 Where was good Hank? He must be all grown up now  




 Well, to you and that kids mother in the posts, I hope you both live a long, healthy and fulfilling life by transferring all of your illnesses to people like this buttplug that claim they are sick to earn fake internet points that mean absolutely nothing. 




 Thanks so much for this 




 When Dale takes Bill's money from his account after the million dollar bet - "he would've just spent it on something stupid.. Like himself!" 




 Thanks mate 




 What does the A stand for ? 




 Mine is the opposite. I have it set so it only works when the phone is on the home screen.

When I press the power and put it on standby, it has to count down till it password locks itself, during the 5 min period until it locks, ok Google works with the screen off. 




 These guys Aussie? 




 In Aus, we refer to it as a sausage sizzle.. No buns 




 Side loading the OTA doesn't involve root access.

You're just doing the job of google manually by installing the update yourself. 




 adb sideload update.zip 

This is all you need to remember.

Been on 5.1 for a little.. It's a bit of a 'meh' update. 




 Fuck! I thought it was just me!

It freezes and sounds like a pair of barber clippers on a rampage.

Only way to fix is to reboot.

At least I now know it's not just my Nexus 9 




 It's nor racism if it's actually the truth. 

I'm just calling a spade a spade. 

Sorry if I hurt your little tree hugging spirit.  




 Welcome to Australia's aboriginal communities 




 Ha! Added.

 




 What is NC?

My next US trip is going to be all the southern states. 




 When I travelled to the US, this is the type of stuff I wanted to see.. 

I was disappointed.

I guess New York, Vegas and San Diego only have skinny people. 




 These are banned in Australia now, you can't own a tanning salon  




 Right you are! I've only ever owned K series engines, so I assumed they are all chain.

As for Subaru, had many of those fuckers and their belts 




 And Honda  




 Following the usual google schedule, it will be November -December this year, with rumours and a full leak of the device by July. 

The next one will more than likely be a blip better than the N6 as hardware is now kind of stagnating.. It will either be a little quicker and a little more RAM, both of which you won't notice as Lollipop hammers along even on the lower spec devices. 

All I want is for the next Nexus to last 2 days on a full charge and heavy use.  




 Haha, mate I was talking about phones.. I would never buy LG or Samsung home appliances (actually Samsung TV is ok) 




 To google I go  




 I have the N6

You made the right choice  




 I remember that! 

Was the camera any good? 




 What on earth did I just watch? Haha.. It wasn't about the phone wasn't? It couldn't have been!? 




 Get the Nexus 6.. Same sized screen (even bigger) and you get the updates! 




 The G3 is a pretty awesome bit of gear dude.

But I'll stick with my N6 ;) 




 I'm from Aus.. I don't remember the juke.. They rename most of the phones here different to the US (They used to) 




 They have upped their game mate, the N4 and N5 that I had are both still working as good as the day that I bought them.

Build quality and screen quality are great.

The biggest downfall of LG in the past was horrendously bad software and the cheapest hardware.

The software now being pure android, means that its controlled by google and it's silky smooth. 

Hardware wise, the build of the N4 is more premium, but I don't recommend it over the N5. 

The N4 had its last ever update, I doubt google will push the next greatest version of Android to it. The N5 still has another update left in it. 




 My first ever phone was a Motorola Star-tac :) 




 I still have mine in mint condition, I still marvel at how nice it was designed and the feel in the hand. 

The N5 was nice, but cheap when compared to the N4.  




 Nexus 4 is still the best looking Nexus ever made in MY opinion.. 

Too bad about the battery life and the speaker on the back, which was completely muted when the phone was placed on anything. 




 Be that as it may, it was a pretty crappy phone!, 

Remember the 'Chocolate'? damn that was a terrible bit of gear. 




 I went from an iphone 4 to the Galaxy Nexus, I remember just staring at the phone thinking 'this thing is rediculous'.. 

Side by side, the G Nex and the N5 are exactly the same size.. even though the N5 has a bigger screen. 




 Well, lets face it, 6 inch is the limit.

I have the Nexus 6, and I still think it's too big.

5.5 inch with the same bezel sizes etc, would have been superb. 




 I never thought I'd see the day that anybody actually WANTED to buy an LG device..

Wind back the clock 5 years, you would have laughed at any phone built by LG and moved on to buy anything else.

Well done LG, you definitely have turned the tables. 




 Take a hike cojack  




 Hey, you owe me a high five. 




 Potato Man.. 




 Thanks heaps mate, appreciated  




 That is sensational! How do I get my hands on a copy?? 




 And Troyboi... Listen to 'Do you' 




 3, you missed trap music  




 A) who gives a fuck

B) who gives a shit

C) who gives a toss.


Open it, close it, no one really cares.

So over this cafe and all the media around it since the siege.

 




 Can't comment on the white, but the blue is a little slippery on the back, I got a DBrand skin with the metal finish which has helped immensely with grip.

Burn in? Mine was purchased originally in Jan and it has none.

Vibrate motor, yep it rattles a little but works fine. I don't have haptic feedback enabled so I rarely notice it.

Battery, iPhone is way better.. But then again I do a lot more with the nexus 6 that would be processor hungry I guess.

Charging, charging is quick, for a phone this big with a battery so meaty, it does charge up quick.

5.1- phone is even faster than before, a lot smother and way less buggy. Since KitKat, the nexus has been iPhone smooth, now it's even smoother.

Camera, camera is great, compared to the nexus 5, a potato takes a great photo. As the others have mentioned, HDR+ gets you some great pics, especially in daylight.

Size, its a big fucker. I'd NEVER consider going bigger and still wish it was a touch smaller, but once you get over the hand cramps, its quite hard to use a smaller screen.

Speakers, sound is good, its not as bassy as I'd like, but its definitely loud, and has great stereo balance.
Build quality, she's good.. Not iPhone good or HTC, but very close.

Any other questions, hit me up buddy, I'll give you my honest opinion. 




 Well done, you played that very well! 

I'm watching the episode where he is donating his kidney, as we speak. 

"NOT THE MASTER COMPUTER!" 

"Ahhh.. I think it was a Dell" 




 You're a Gem.. My N5 and N6 are now both on 5.1.

My N7 5.1
My N9 ...... no love yet. 




 Completely agree with all.. Except for the stingray :)

The Lemo come to think of it would be a great tank  




 It's not hard to wick a KF?.. it's what I used to learn on..

But the Kanger Sub-tank takes all the pain of RBA's but keeps all the benefits.

As for the Stingray, I love mine, it has the Magnetic button, and definitely doesn't have a crunch to it.. you might be thinking of the Nemesis 




 LOL thanks mate.. god knows what I was looking at, everything was referring me to the SDK 




 Chicken butt. 




 All of that effort and not even a wireless keyboard 




 Isn't that the infamous "THATS MY PURSE! I DONT KNOW YOU!" Episode?

All respect to your Bobby Tatt, but Gribble is the best character of that show, with Peggy my most hated equally with Buckley.  




 Start off easy..

Get an istick30 and a kanger sub tank mini.

You'll get a .5 ohm coil and 20w is about all you need to cook it good and proper.

Later on, jump on fasttech, get a fake Kayfun Lite and a stingray mod.

Build a 0.5 ohm coil and wick it how you want with the cotton you want.

I've gone all the way to mech mods and tanks, now am using a stingray and kanger sub tank.. The sub tank is a brilliant tank. 




 4.4 was definitely better..  




 I've given up, my phone says I need a newer version of adb 1.032 or something.. I really don't want to download the whole SDK  




 A smack. 

This kid needed to be smacked when he was younger.

Many times. 




 Its definitely better. Not great, but better. 




 It's lollipop.

Wait for 5.1 to be pushed out, it supposedly fixes the issue.

I'll let you know in 15 min when my one finishes  




 Australia chiming in.. Downloading and installing as we speak. (Google OTA)

Hopefully 5.1 will bring it back to its former glory. 

At the moment its a paper weight during to how slow it was with 5.0

I have a 2012 Nexus 7, 9, 5 and 6, the 7 always gets the update first. 




 Is there 13 others before you though? 




 There is a lot of words you have written that I don't know. A lot. 




 Na na na na leader. 




 I want to genetically modify a cow and a pig together to have a cow sized pig.

Bacon would be sublime. 




 Good on you lad, the only thing that will stop you is you.

Sometimes things will be hard, but you would have never know what hard was if there was no good before and after it 




 Why so serious buddy?

Put a king of the hill twist on it hwhy_so_serious 




 Credit to you, I'd prefer fat dog over fat cat. 




 It does count mate, my elevation is 3 steps. 




 A lot of your life is already mapped out for you buddy, that's what I believe.

What you can do is guide yourself through it the way you want to travel it.

Example, you have a passion for cars? You can become a mechanic and be paid miserably and be dirty, or you can be an engineer.. Get paid highly and be clean.. Either way, you're following your passion. 




 So, really.. You want 'bitches' swooning all over you.

I get this. 




 I like this one, clever.

You made the best of a bad situation. 

 




 Yup. 




 I remember 1996.. I was in year 7. 

Fuck. 




 What's holding you back? 




 Awww.. You a little sad buddy? Why don't you just downvote the thread and move along? 




 FUCKING LOL. so far you are the clear winner. 




 In the mountains? Which country?

Its good knowing real mountain folk still exist! 




 I tried Rusty Shackleford, it was taken. 
























 That's awesome. A semi trailer worth of fuel a second.

 




 Ha! All of our goods are taxed before they hit the shelf, then we pay another 10% tax on top of the existing tax.. 

I get taxed 33cents out of every dollar I earn. 




 Won't be so funny when these crooked fucks in government slam me with a 70% tax on ecig products.

A pack of cigs in Aus cost $20.. $14 of it is tax. 




 You're having dreams about my sweet Nan Nan!!?? 




 Usually Korea.. Same as the Simpsons too. 




 I wouldve asked her if it was OK to brush it off.. 2 second fix in Photoshop 




 Minh.. 




 You can only catch it once... 




 China or Korea? 




 I knew the price was something 'astronomical'.. Thanks heaps for the reply.

I recently read that the non solid fuel rockets burn half a tonne of fuel a second.. Shit like this amazes me. 




 Thank you Mr Scorpion  




 Out of curiosity can someone do the math on what that actually cost to get up there?

Isn't it so ridiculously expensive price for every bit of weight sent up to space? 




 http://imgur.com/fOtVc6z

Here you go buddy 




 I bought a DBrand skin for mine, it's absolutely seamless and looks better than the blue. 

I have the fake brushed steel look going on, in gunmetal grey 




 This was me the first time I took a hit off my freshly juiced .5ohm dual coil build.. I had to clear the steam out before I could even take off. 




 I.HATE.PEGGY.SO.MUCH!!!

But I guess that's the whole point of her character, you either love her or hate her, but she ties the show together so well, especially when Gribble takes little swipes at her in front of Hank  




 Doing it with jeans, no one was a winner. 




 Used to be able to punch out a whole SMS without looking at the screen once, T9 on the 5110. 




 Dale Gribble "Towel Manager" 




 Google is a champ. 




 road was that greasy? or did you have the hammer down a touch too hard? :) 




 this is true, but you wouldn't really be doing anything, except being on the couch, under a warm blanket, watching TV, pigging out of the fridge, chasing your little one around the house to make him / her smile and laugh.

I wish I was home :( 




 Looking over botany, there was brilliant blue sky..... for all of 10mins.

Looks like it was just the eye of the storm, I find the wet weather the most productive to be at work, cause you're not really missing out on anything outdoors if you were home. 




 Nothing worse than feeling strangled by your power. 

Having a few loose elctricities laying around the house can come in handy from time to time. 




 When my half yearly review comes up, they better remember this! 




 More of an encouragement that if you have the option of not heading in, don't.

 




 8/10 Would read again.

Judging by your username you're born pre-internet days. Reach back and try to remember the days of no internet, you'll be a lot happier!

Just make sure you're home before the street-lights come on. 




 I did the same with my team, they got their wakeup SMS at 6.00am 




 Its just as bad as yesterday and overnight.

Those of you who can, work from home. Its not worth risking the roads and the mess to get into the office.

EDIT: Some of the comments in this thread are hilarious, keep it up. 




 I just ordered my watch, I hope to god you have tiny wrists and the watch isn't that gigantic?? 




 Great reading, considering I'm waiting for mine to be delivered! 




 Love this site because it just keeps auto looping it for me..

Also, you appreciate the brilliance of this, how do writers even think of this stuff?? 




 Jam Butties!

Tea and Crumpets is more of an Aussie breakfast these days 




 I get it in PG, they have a shipping calc on the site and quality is bang on for me 




 Go to www.nicvape.com and buy the 1/100mg mix of non flavored nicotine.

In a 30ml bottle you'll need (buy a 30ml bottle of juice and tip some out)


7.2ml for 24mg

5.5ml for 18mg

3.5ml for 12mg

1.8ml for 6mg


If you're vaping for the first time ever and usually smoke 12mg smokes, I recommend starting off on 18mg juice then quickly ween yourself down to 12mg.

Enjoy and keep off the smokes!

 




 I think it's time for a sinus rinse.. Baby shampoo you say? 









 My son is 2 and infatuated with his junk. 

Its a guy thing. 




 Had nothing but English Staffies all my life. 

They can catch a piece of dried kibble thrown from 20m away with complete accuracy. 

Never get in the way of food and a Staffy. 




 A few countries I visited let you use the bathrooms in the tourist hot spots for free...

But if you wanted toilet paper - $$ 




 Was it a wriggler??? Wrigglilililililig! 




 The article is wrong.. It says that Microsoft has almost no market share with their own mobile OS.. Oh.... Wait... 




 This makes so much sense that it actually left me fulfilled and happy with the answer. 

Kind of like when you're starving for something in particular and there it is in the fridge. 




 is it just my phone or is this the way they made the Nex 6?

Having 2 front firing speakers, you would've thought they would use both speakers to crank out the speakerphone rather than just the 1 top one. 




 Mine started a day or 2 after getting Lollipop on the Nex 5, 

It was the last straw for me, and I bought a Nex 6... that backfired. 




 Dammit Dale, that's a Fiat! 




 My Nex 6 and 5 both do this. 

It's a lollipop issue 




 I ain't your M'friend, Pal! 




 Most certainly M'buddy 









 The standard Messenger app from Google is pretty hard to compete with these days.

Thank fuck they realised that not everyone wants Hangouts. 




 That looks fucking sick!! 

Google should've done that from the get go. 




 I'm from Aus and hardcore was always the type we are referring to :) 




 When I read hardcore, this wasn't the music I was expecting.

I was waiting to hear some gabba. 




 What did you 'backup' that got you that letter?

I see GOT season 5 is out, feels like a trap 




 Well this was first hand info from a guy that I worked with a few years back and became a firey.

Fuck you Reddit fucks are a bunch of bitches. Geez. 




 People off the street? Hardly ever.

Best step is to become a volunteer firey and then work your way into the force.

99.98% of the time, volunteers will get in before you do. 




 Nope, it's "Bill's A vole" 




 Shamelessly link my own clip :)

http://youtu.be/ywl_w7fvkVE 




 Sunshine lollipops and rainbows.. 




 Nah mate, unless I missed it, I couldn't see anything but shiny silver. 

I looked to see who makes the battery as well, but nothing there at all  




 I have an iPhone as a work phone and Nexus as personal, when I had the Nexus 5 I also had the 5s, the iPhone made the nexus 5 look like potato cam.

In really good lighting the Nexus 5 was brilliant, but the Nexus 6 is fantastic in both good and not so good lighting.

Now using Nexus 6 and iPhone 6.. Both are equally good as each other. 




 Sorry dude, I already put it back together.. Also the battery didn't have many markings on it, where would I find the details on the battery? 




 http://imgur.com/ODiyT28

http://imgur.com/vwVf7uX

http://imgur.com/4vrpAk6

http://imgur.com/xKZQxrv

http://imgur.com/QfdXLOV

http://imgur.com/eRI5DXb


Here are some pics of my istick 30w pulled apart.

Anyone wondering if it will be easy to open and repair if a wire comes loose, the answer is - very easy.

Photos taken with a Nexus 6.. The nexus has come a long way in its photo taking capabilities! 




 That is brilliant, it was from Bill and Ted, yeah? 




 My ecig juice..  




 He will forever live on... Through Billy Birmingham 




 Was I the only one thinking about how dirty the floor is? 




 I'm out.. 




 Good run* 




 This scene out of all 13 seasons is my favourite Dale moment. 




 God dammit Dale! 




 84... That's a good wicket  




 You're always consuming data through cloud storage.

In aus, data on your plan is precious 




 The Little Doer Carpets TVC: https://youtu.be/YTFH9TAmwhY

This is what your comment conjured up and now I can't get it out of my head 




 All good mate, I finally found the one sub that doesn't exist.. android stereos!  









 I'm dealing with a set of damaged ribs at the moment, how I envy you at the moment. 

Sleeping on my stomach is the only way I can get a good night sleep 




 Say what you like, but our police force a bunch of pussies due to the shitty politically correct society we live in.

We need to wind back the clock a few years before we all went soft and allow police to start using their batons again. 

A few busted knee caps would make sure this never happens to an ambulance or any car for that fact. 




 Why is /r/spacedicks not listed and voted as number 1? 




 I read Nikolas book about his life.. Poor bastard. 




 What do you mean by "throw away these patients"?

Is this referring to them as being a lost cause for surgery? 




 I don't get it, you were looking for shemale hookers, you found one, and now you're surprised??

Haha.. Too much internets for you. 




 He survived??!!

 




 Honest question for you, how much funnier is it when you fart and you get that reaction from smell only, rather than her hearing it and having time to move? 




 So.. What I'm reading is, 'yes, trained people aka doctors, will need to cut and splice' 




 Orthodox priests can marry and have kids.. This is a very defining point for me. 




 Have to make the standard "coffee with Cream" joke. 




 In ELI5 fashion, lightning can definitely blow up more than just your PC.

If lightning hits the power lines coming into your house for instance, it can provide a sudden surge of power over and above what your appliances can handle, thus cooking them good and proper.

Most of the time if you're lucky it will just fry your power supply.

I'll need someone a bit more scientific to clarify, but it wouldn't be so much the voltage that will blow it all up, it would be the amperage. 

In Aus, all appliances (generally) are rated for 240v @ 10amp.. Lightning definitely beats both those specs.

A surge protector does what its name says, it would be fused up in there to limit the total voltage and amperage although be a lot more sensitive than a normal house fuse.. Once it goes over its rated amount it will trip.

I'm sure someone will disprove me completely, or hopefully just clarify and clean up my post a little. 




 I met a 25 year old girl recently that's still a virgin.. 

I'm a 30 year old with a little boy I'm trying to raise, I ended it.

I knew that she has a whole life ahead of her and doesn't need the life I would provide, and as hard as she was pushing for me to be her first, it's not something I was willing to do.

Apart from the above, being with a virgin is a guaranteed dud root. 




 So I'm guessing the eyes are fully formed under there?

Hopefully its just a matter of sedating the baby and getting a scalpel ready 




 I think now that's it's officially here, use your US login account you created and it all should be there. 

I may be wrong, but I think I might've heard about this working the other day.

Either way, I have unblockus working through my router and heavily enjoy Hulu and Netflix from the US. 

Fucking hope foxtel burns in hell for its rort of a price all these years. 




 Were they the double coat? You can't be king with the standards these days  




 I thought it was a waterbed? 




 The best description I've ever read was 'salty milk' 




 As long as it helped you mate.

As for my marriage, I could really care less about her, it's my son that I needed the most help for to keep me sane between the times I wasn't with him. 




 Every single Kickboxer after 1 




 S6 edge Nexus would be brilliant. 




 You've got to be joking..  




 The .5 coil on my istick 30w is a cloud chasers dream when its open full.

I already opened the coil up and rebuilt it myself with a .5/.6 ohm build  




 Dude, I started off with Kanger as a beginner then went into mods.. 

I would never have considered them again, I gave the Sub Tank a shot and DAMN! it is brilliant.

Its definitely worth a shot. 




 I don't know, if you compare the first 10 seasons of each show, overall the Simpsons wins it for me and was quite clever.

Problem is that fox has milked the Simpsons 15 years too long.

Seinfeld  Simpsons  Married with Children. 

I do agree though, seven was a cunt when he was introduced to the show.

One thing MWC managed to pull off was the introduction of Jefferson, it was one of the few times on a TV show that the replacement character was better than the original. 
























 He quit on his own.. He left the show cause it was to much for him.

I think season 7,8,9 were Larry free. 




 I used windex / glass cleaner on mine and it cleaned it all up 




 Love his reviews.

I have the moto and still love it. 

Everyone I know that has a smartwarch always comments on how much they prefer the 360 and wish they bought one of these instead.. (They all have either a Samsung or Sony) 




 It had its merits, but compared to the rest of the seasons, the finale was mediocre at best.

They invited Larry David back to help write the last episode, maybe that was the ingredient that ruined it. 




 Or that Hank isn't drinking Alamo 




 Mine worked with no side loading or anything, best of all it works for my Nexus 6 and my iPhone at the same time!! 




 There is soot under my boys fingers!! 




 I think even Arnie knew this would be posted at some stage. 




 Hey Cotton, come meet Hanks new neighbour, he's Japanese.... 




 /r/trashyboners 




 Your username.. "Its pronounced Khan, right?" 




 I have every nexus device (except the 10) and currently have an iPhone 6 and an iPad Air 2 (both work), the Nexus 6 is still phone I prefer to use (just edges out the iPhone 6) and the Nexus 9 is always my goto Tablet (Massively wins against the iPad).

You will love the Nexus 9.

 




 That's ok.. Kickass.to is the way to go these days. 




 I kind of figured as much, although the more I read it, the more my head hurt. 




 Cats are shit and they suck. 




 The dark web is pretty much dead, it's slow and pointless.

Obviously their are probably some dirt bags out there looking at shit they shouldn't be.

What are you trying to find on there? The dark web isn't that safe environment it once was, where you could find interesting leaks and conspiracies etc, its now just like using the web back in the dial up days before google existed. 




 I'm stuck trying the figure out what you're asking, and I'm male. 




 Keep in mind, 99% of people will jump online and bitch and moan about how bad their device is, no one goes onto forums to start a new post of "I bought a Nexus 9 and it works fine"

A lot of us haven't had any issues at all, knock on wood, mine has been brilliant and stable since day one, and I was an early adopter. 




 That's what pissed me off the most about her! 

That part was voiced and written perfectly.  




 That was the best relationship, he always took little stabs at her, you don't know if she was ignorant, or purposely ignorant to them. 




 Competition to a brilliant already existent,  free service? 




 Peggy aggravates me so damn much!

You either love her or hate her.  




 Other way around for me, I never had issues on 5.0.2, the upgrade to 5.1.1 has made it a touch snappier if anything 




 I received 5.1.1 through Google as an OTA update..

Nothing to write home about. My N9 works the same as it did before 




 Yup.. this is in 5.1, or am I getting my 2 phones confused? (I have an iphone 6 as a work phone) 




 You were unlucky. 

Just install the update again. As a precaution, enable OEM unlock 




 Well written mate, 

The quick reply from the notification is already there as a part of 5.1 




 I've seen this so many times, but never seen the video.. Is there a clip of this? 




 All of these are great inclusions, but not something I see as being a milestone build like 6.0..

I think Android M will be 5.2 and will slowly integrate features like this. 

I wish the developers of Android would read threads like these out there more often and see what the basics are that people want  




 Hangouts should die a firey death. 

Thankfully for people like me that just want SMS, google released Messenger. 




 THIS!

I have a little bit of OCD, and it takes me forever setting up folders and icons 




 As sarcastic as your post is, it unfortunately looks like it's heading this way. 




 Like the Surface? 

I don't mind this idea, but then again, isn't an Android tablet the same thing? 




 isn't it a basic part of the build? 




 All the apps download and my wallpaper is there, but  that's it..

Positions don't get recreated, SMS through messenger isn't backed up, music is lost, photos are lost (yes I have them in drive, but it's not the same). 




 Haha.. I'll pay that one 




 But play services could control it? 




 Yeah but I need to root for that. Why should I have to root to get basic functionality 




 Google services has been nothing but a pain in the ass. 

Especially location services, they destroy my battery  




 Even better, I want to be able to read or dismiss an email for instance, and it be dismissed on ALL of my devices.  




 This is what I have been hoping for since I first had an iPhone 3g.. As much as I hate iTunes for everything else, the backup process is flawless and apple should be commended.

I want to be able to factory reset my phone and then be able to restore it to how it was the last time I backed it up.  




 What do you think Google will do with this update?

- Material design is too new to be altered, unless they make minor improvements.


- Volt revisited? Better battery life and CPU management?


- Give us back the led control?


- Further ingrain your phone backup with google drive? 




 Not gonna hold my breath.. 




 Well, how would each manufacturer have their way of modifying the image and apps for their devices?

(Not being arrogant, genuinely asking your thoughts).

Google did this with their abortion of a nexus, the Galaxy Nexus.. That brief moment where a Nexus wasn't a Nexus. 




 Who sends them is what I was after.. 

So, all manufacturers needs to have their replies / images back to google, then google will release it hey?.. that's good in a way, means that all watches should uphold the 2 year support. 




 thanks mate, 

To be honest, I have been really surprised by my Moto, and it's a fantastic device so far.

If they release the same size but thinner, I'm all over it. 

The basics will be that it has a better screen when it comes to resolution and tech used... well, you'd hope so. 




 Thanks mate, great reply.

The only one of those changes that I am a fan of is probably the WiFi support.  




 Is there then a 'Nexus' type watch? one that Google uses as a Guinea Pig? 

Please say it's the Moto 360 :) 




 With Android wear basically being the 'nexus' ROM for watches, are all consumers receiving the updates from Google or do the individual manufacturers play with them first and then releasing them?..

 




 EXACTLY what my Moto did a few days ago, I was ready to launch it through a window thinking something was wrong with it.

As soon as I placed it on the charger it sprung back to life instantly. 




 Is this the update that bring WiFi support to the Moto 360 and others?

Apart from that, what else is 5.1.1 tagging along with it?

I received my 5.1.1 update for my Nexus 9 this morning, and 'meh'.. Once you're on Lollipop it's all the same. 




 Dropping it.. 




 This.

I wish they would just activate this from factory 




 I'm guessing she took a tumble?

If I zoom in on your screen, it actually makes a cool looking wallpaper 




 I find this post just as I start updating my N9..

 




 If I could go back to when I was 14, I would punch 14 year old me in the mouth the moment I touched that first cigarette.

Nothing cool about smoking or vaping.

I vape cause I used to smoke, now I'm giving up vaping. 




 I got it too, started from 5.0 and hasn't happened since 5.1.1..... Yet 




 That was done perfectly.

For some reason, I wish it had a little of him from episode 1 where he talks about the spark plugs and how the go BOOM BOOM! 




 I think MKBHD has started dropping his quality lately.. I just don't get that same quality vibe from him as I did a year ago.

Michael has always been consistent. 

To both their credits though, they are both very non biased. 




 Not me specifically, but I would love to fuse a cow and a pig. 

Imagine having cow sized bacon pieces!!

I have even named it as a Pow. 




 Well, fish can stay under that menu... 




 The Slavic Squat. 




 Dunno, anything before the Nexus 4 was a little iffy in my books 




 3 years ago we would've cringed at the thought of an LG phone!

Give huawei the chance that we all gave LG 




 Grab the free version off the play store as a sample, but I can assure you it's well worth it.

Just remember, the only limitation you'll have is what the manufacturer will let you see via the port.

Codes has worked on all my cars so far. 




 Really??

Like enginuity or openecu, but mobile?? 




 Pretty simple really, I don't want to.. 

Time and engineering making a tube with threads.

Still not buying your argument, completely understand where you're coming from, but don't agree that it costs that much for a mech mod. 




 Most people these days (majority of Reddit) wouldn't really know what the cycle duty of an injector meant, Torque as an app definitely needs some advertising.

A good ODBII scanner can cost a fortune, and going to a dealer to clear a code can be quite costly.

The full app costs $4.00, this is a tiny fraction of what a scanner can set you back.

I replaced a faulty 02 sensor on my Subaru a while back, I knew it was the 02 sensor because of Torque Pro, and then cleared the code using the same app.  




 Fantastically. 

The full version is great. 

It also depends on what info your ECU will relay out via the ODB2 connection, but for the most part it will show pretty much everything.

I love using it to view and clear codes as well. 

In the past I've used it to display water temp, boost, vacuum, injector cycle duty, etc.. 




 Funny enough, my 2012 Nexus 7 has the 5.1.1 update this morning.. 23mb! 

 




 Torque Pro

Get a $10 obd2 sender from eBay first 




 Thanks mate :) 




 That's quicker than my nexus 9 




 Completely understand that, but a mechanical mod? Really?

Provari have an awesome lab and some great techs there,

 you can't tell me it was that hard to design a logo to be etched on a tube when it comes to mech mods

All that separates most mechs is the button. 




 Yup.. With moderate use and ambient screen off, from 8am to 10pm I'm averaging about 50% battery at the end of day. 




 That band reminds me of that old brand that you don't see anymore.. UCB - United Colours Benetton, or however it was spelt. 




 Whats with all the hate of fasttech?

As listed by others, they always deliver, they refund, the have pretty much everything for sale at a great price.

You're paying $7 for a Clone of a Clone, what do you expect?? They sell pricier clones and they're brilliant.

Every one of the clones I've bought from fasttech have been fantastic.

There is a lot of people on here that will bash them purely cause they are a little butthurt for paying 30x the price of the clone, but that's their problem.

If you can afford the original product, that's fantastic, and all power to you. 

Let's be realistic here, a copper tube with a little imprint on the side is definitely not worth $150+

Explain to me how Kayfun can justify their prices for a tank?  




 It took me a while, but I got there eventually 




 Sure is, but still so relevant.

I hate you. 




 I'm not racist, I just hate everyone equally. 




 This is the only form of 'social networking' I do.. 

Facebook taking over would fuck me over royally.  




 Bhahaha 




 Depends on what type of asshole you are.

I had one girl literally stalking me, telling me that she loved how much of arrogant asshole I am.

I was conflicted on how to accept the compliment.. (Think it was a compliment) 




 From reading the sob story, the first thing I thought of was "maybe there is something wrong with this guy"..

Yup. 

He sounds like all the people out of /r/justneckbeardthings. (The memes, not the members) 




 All I need is king of the hill and I'm set 




 There is always the other way of winning a boxing match, one person pays more to the judges than the other to win the fight.

 




 I was given a HTC M9 to check out and play with, within 15mins the google launcher, messenger and keyboard were installed. 

Within 45 mins I was back to my Nexus.

Enough said really, stock Nexus is perfect. 




 It's all good.

I had my vape and had my nic hit ;)

 




 I always tried to swipe it in the hope it would just fuck off! 




 Now I know how people feel when they have their own stuff reposted.. 

 




 Brilliant look
 




 As dumb as fuck as this is, its quite clever. 




 You need 'Wild Thing' and Pedro Cerano.. 




 What is it? I've installed and all looks the sane, where is this feature? 




 Or it could just be a female with a dodgy looking vagina, hence - "she's got a shit cunt" 




 That's coz' you're a shit cunt!

The most inoffensive insult known to all Aussies.

Being called a cunt is pretty much a positive thing these days. 




 I have shitty little wrists and the 360 is fine. 




 $459 AUD 




 The gold hey?... Hmm... I like the old skool classy look of the gold and a brown leather band, very corporate and formal.

But I do really enjoy the all black look these days  




 Yup.. I have a VPN and no dice for me either.. 

I might wait it out for the Moto 360 2 




 What about when he played Octavio in King of the Hill? 




 No harm at all, Maths is way beyond my strong point.

But yes, a pack still costs about $6-$8 depending on the brand, and the rest is all tax. 

Then when it's been taxed before it hits the shelf, once on the shelf the retailer adds the 'Goods and Services Tax' (GST) of 10%.

A 25 pack of Winfield blue at a service station is ~$25.00 
























 Make me 3.. 




 I think that may be the car from the TV show called Fast N Loud..

There is a matching motorbike as well 




 Who?! Who doesn't want to wear the rrribon! 




 "I made dinner for you just the way you like it.. Perfect"


Makes me rage so much! 




 That's more of a bonus rather than a side-effect 




 To add a little more onto this, it  helps trigger us off at the same time (well for me anyways) 




 Timeless song. 

Could be worse.. Could've been Sandstorm. 




 What's 25i? 




 This made me laugh way more than I should've. Well played, son. 




 Get a dog that will grow up to be short and fat, call him FDR  




 Keep in mind that the cold weather does have some bonuses, in Sydney we need to drive for hours to see any snow, and for the same price it would cost you to fly to Thailand, get 1 week accomodation and all food paid for, you get 3 days at the snow for that same price. Not including lift passes, food, equipment.  




 It's the middle of winter and it was a cool 19 degrees C today..  




 I don't know what you call it in the US, but that would have nothing but 'boot rattle!'  




 Which team was which? 




 She kept on saying "uhuh hunny" a lot.. 




 Well said, even made me feel better than I did 5 mins ago.  




 Does the grate remove? 

You're going to need to get into the piping and clear what's blocking it.

Their should be another drain in the middle of your bathroom floor, is the water overflowing from there? If not, its the pipe from your tub to that drain.

If the water won't drain from the tub, its too late to pop in a pipe cleaner liquid like Drano, you'll need to clear the blockage. 

You may need to get yourself a snake (whatever you guys call it in the US) and break down the blockage. 




 When people breath through their nose and it makes that fucking whistling noise. 




 Not a quote but a scene.. 


Dale: 10:15 hank picks up Hal (into tape recorder)

Bill: What?

Dale: (rewinds tape and replays his message with Bill recorded asking 'what')

Dale: I SAID 10:15 HANK PICKS UP HAL!! 




 Online and cheap? Fasttech. 

Slow shipping is what sucks  




 Thanks mate 




 Awesome clip.. Thanks for making it!

What are you using to cut the clips? 




 Ooohhhhhhh, now I get it..... 




 It is when you're using eftpos 




 Me too 




 Growing up in a European family, that smack is the first thing I would've copped after my parents checked I was OK.

Not sure why you're being downvoted. 




 The update wasn't worth the factory reset.. Kinda wished they at least gave us a new watch-face to chose from.

The Wifi bit is cool though. 




 The factory reset worked for me. I got the update straight after it.

 




 No worries, thanks mate.

I'll wait patiently, it will drop sooner or later 




 Does your phone need to be on Wifi, or can it just be on 4G/LTE to pull the update? 




 That's a point to MS from your point of view, still doesn't change GNows ranking  




 Its like an episode of Seinfeld now, the one where George wants to use his comeback. 




 Still better than having nothing at all! 




 Yup, Verizon is Telstra. 




 Thanks mate. Was that your work? 




 Why? I don't need it to. 




 Verizon sounds like the Telstra of Australia.

I only buy Nexus devices because of the update schedule, except for the blip when Google released that heap of shit called 'Galaxy Nexus'.

Having carriers control the majority of the updates was a STUPID idea. 




 If pictures could make noise.. "WHOOOP WHOOOOP!" 




 Why didn't I know about this reply 30 years ago ! 




 Yup.. My social media extends to Reddit. The end.

The new generation are getting dumber and more pretentious with social media backing them, to top it off, they are socially awkward as fuck. 




 Nope, can confirm first hand that Google Now is the champ. 

Cortana is ok, but Google Now is vastly more polished. 

With Android M, I'm hoping that Google Now can do more and more  




 haha, well then, it was directed to me, I just didn't understand how beams covered in wood got me a response about Diabetes and Obesity 




 That boy ain't right  




 ahuh, cool.. 

Make sure you put a nice stain on it, will look good when all done 




 err.. I think this reply was meant for someone else. 

But thanks anyways, good to know! 




 What's up with that random timber box around your ceiling beam? 




 PS3??!!  




 The difference between a Mech and a Box mod.. 

I miss my Mech, but love the battery life of my regulated box mods. 




 I believe you buddy. 

But, if you're lying, I'll hunt you down with my pitchfork.

So, explain to me what is different with the watch now? (Your credibility hangs on this) 




 It begins.. 

Next is a bunch of S-sheep lining up and camping for the next Phone. 
 









 Fair call, well, wish you the best with everything. 




 What about permanently tattooing them on? 




 Nah, that bar was put there to hide how fugly the AU falcon was 




 I answered the 3 questions honestly and it recommended the Nexus 6.. 

I have the Nexus 6.

I guess that's somewhat of a win. 




 It looks good though.. That's the only real reason I want it.. It would be rooted within minutes and would run some stock version of lollipop :) 




 The N6 is my pride and joy.. I have one, I was more talking about getting one as my work phone (paid for by work).. Might look at something else instead though! Thanks for the comment / review  




 I'm thinking I'll apply for the S6 edge for me.. I like what they've done.

I answer approx 30-40 calls a day averaging 5-10 mins a call, receive approx 50+ emails a day, watch YouTube whilst taking a dump (15 mins), receive / send ~ 200 sms. 

(IT manager / on-call) the Nexus 6 wouldn't come close to what the dreaded iPhone offers for me. 




 If you can, try and hold them and see how you feel about them.

I have the Nexus 6, I love it, but I would never rely on it for heavy business use.

The G4 has been receiving awesome wraps lately.

The only downside is that you won't have pure stock Android with the other phones. 




 As much as everyone will argue it, the N6 is a gigantic phone with 'OK' battery life.

Be prepared for it, one handed use is a No, full day of battery won't happen.

I have a work phone as well as my personal, I can choose any phone I want, I HATE iOS, but for my work phone I use an iPhone 6.

I'm on the phone all day, including push emails, and the iPhone will die at 9pm from a 7am disconnect of charger.

The Nexus 6 at the same use would be dead at 3pm.

Get the Galaxy S6 edge and install the google launcher. I would've done the same but the S6 didn't exist at the time. 




 Props to you for having an actual credible reason to an incredible scenario.

I accidentally rubbed 100mg un flavoured Nic straight into my eye, you'll be fine.
 




 Winrar.... Best free trial ever. 




 Yep, HTC have been a little cunty lately, especially when giving honest feedback on their products.

I use my Nexus 6 turbo charger on the 9 and it works fine. 




 Mine does this at 15%  




 I didn't think magpies had a nice bone in their evil swooping bodies 




 Steam E-Cigs in Mascot.. They're a good bunch 




 Technically anyone of any age can buy a mod online.

The B M's I visit, refuse to sell to minors. 




 Un-installed.

Thanks to other comments in here, I now have Opengur instead, a LOT better. 




 Not in Australia they didn't. They never do. 


Cunts. 




 Directory assistance too 




 Awesome, thanks mate  




 Are most of them sideloadable APK's or do you need to flash the package from recovery? 




 Use nicvape for flavourless Nic.. Never let me down 




 I have the 12 edition since launch, its a little slow these days, but never bricked or skipped a beat. 




 Have replied to you via PM buddy. Pencil me in, give me a time and place and I'll meet you there. 




 Yeah me too.. I'm in. Happy to raise some awareness of vaping.

And no, I'm not a hipster that 'chucks clouds', I vape cause I hated smoking.  




 Looks great and all, but I'll suffer with this gigantic Nexus 6, until I see some front facing speakers on the new N5 or whatever other phone they release. 




 Huh? 




 The Simpsons.

It was one of those shows that I grew up with and can still quote line after line.

Ever since season 13ish onwards, it's been getting worse and worse. 




 The Lemo is a great tank, value for money, she's a great unit.

My B M I visit, use the lemo as the test tanks for all the units 




 Dripping isn't all its cracked up to be for me, you take away all the convenience of vaping. 

You need to carry a bottle of juice with you and keep on priming the coils.

Flavour and clouds are good, but not good enough for me to drip full-time.

I have the subtank mini as well, and the flavour and clouds are brilliant, even better than the Kayfun I use. The only reason I prefer the Kayfun is because its tiny in size as I have the Bell-Cap on it 




 Me too.. I'm now at 14 months of vaping 




 He looks like that Canadian astronaut 




 Yup, I've been through the ranks where you kick off with an evod, then you get your regulated Vamo, then you chase power and clouds which gets you on RBA's / RDA's and a mech mod, I'm now at the final stage of settling with an istick and a cloupor.. That's it for me.

I don't need or want a 5909w unit to fire a stupid quad coil, Jean zipper, rip tripper build.

Kayfun, single coil micro, .8 ohm on a regulated LITTLE unit is all I need. 




 If you have bought organic cotton specifically for vaping, don't bother.

If you have cotton from a chemist etc, I boiled mine. 

Some say flavor is better and others say it's to get rid of the treatment chemicals etc, I boiled a handful of cotton, strained all the pieces like a big ball in my hand them spread them out to dry in the sun. 

That handful will last you forever as you only need a fraction of a cotton ball when wicking.

As for coiling over a screw? No good.. How will you slide the coil of if it's stick between the threads?

The aim of the game is to have it tightly wound with all the coils in a perfect row together. When you fire the unit, the coil should glow from the middle then out to the edges perfectly. 

Kanthal is ready to rock straight off the roll, you'll fire it a couple times when you first build it, that will burn anything on there, straight off.


Get yourself a subtank mini from Kangertech.. It has coils that are pre-made, and gives you the option to build. This tank goes toe to toe with my Kayfun 




 Exactly the same here..  




 I've watched people burnt alive on liveleak, and it's this clip that had me cringing the most 




 I use 28g coil, 7 wraps over a 2mm drill bit gets me approx .8-9 ohms. 

It's technically 'sub ohm' but not really. Flavor and vapor is perfect for me at 18w.

Depends what you're using to fire the tank, you won't need an ohm reader. 

I have gone through all the units including multiple mech mods, now I'm sticking with an istick 30w and a cloupor mini as my all day drivers, both have an ohm meter built in.

Pm me or reply here and I'll try answer any fiddly questions for you from my own experience.

As much as the internet bashes Rip Trippers, his tutorial on basic coil building is all you will need. 




 If you quoted that all off the top of your head, you are the KOTH winner.

The "when shame eats too much stupidity" line, was my ultimate favourite in that rant. 




 Torrent. 

Watch all the KOTH you want, without Ads or headaches.

 




 The best part of this episode is when Hank allows Dale to let loose on Bill, but still makes sure that it's all above belt-ish. 




 Bill, have you been working out? 




 Hey, thanks Bro-bot. 




 uhh hmmmm. 




 What part of this is cringe?

The guy tried and got shot down. 

These days no one knows how to talk face to face anymore  




 So surprised to see that 'religion' wasn't the highest voted comment.. 




 A little while ago yes, but now a lot of planes offer WiFi, and their inflight entertainment also connects via WiFi so you can use your own device.

I flew Virgin Arline's not long ago and it felt so weird not hearing the "turn off all electrical devices" 




 Did you get up her shirt? 




 Huntsman.. Those things are ok.. 




 Larry's humour is still great, but you're right, it's very dry and at times a bit risqu.. Where Jerry's humour starts to trend towards slap-stick (well sort-of).

Both brought a lot to the show in their own way, but Kramer developed into an even better character once Jerry took control. 




 Fucking redback spun a web around the handle of my bin. Wheeling the fucker out last night all I could think of was where the cunt was hiding! 




 The Merv Griffin show was one of my favorite episodes. It's like Kramer's character found an extra gear when Jerry took over 
























 He also sold tractors as well. 




 *because, once you ride a Mason, nothing else cuts it.. Vroom! Vroom!* 




 You were one of the good ones Hank..

But your son's a jackass.  




 "What's a Vole?"

"Dunno, let's find out. Falcon! Bring us back, a Vole"

"Huh!, so Bill's a Vole" 









 Not according to this article.. 

http://www.smh.com.au/business/world-business/apple-loses-us62b-in-minutes-as-shares-crash-on-disappointing-results-20150722-gihqz0.html 




 Could this just be a combination of people waiting for the iphone 6s, and the Apple watch not moving as expected? 









 They're some good looking kids, for 2 ugly people...

Another classic nerd moment for Hank - "yep, you have 4 power outlets and theyre all grounded" 




 I'll be honest, I don't believe you.

One of the fastest tablets I've ever owned or used, yet, somehow yours is unbearably slow.

Get it replaced for a new one. 




 Honestly? I would've been OK with $349 AUD for the 32gb model I have. 




 Enable OEM unlock in developer options.. 




 Unfortunately, giving them away is the only way Google will increase the numbers of the Nexus 9 out in the wild.

It's a great tablet, but not worth the money I paid for it. 




 We should do this at least once a week! 




 When it comes to full sugar, I still lean towards coke, but when it comes to sugar free, Pepsi Max smashed coke Zero and Diet in every way possible. 




 For science, check out these 2 sites and tell me which one you think is owned by Rupert Murdoch.. 

Www.Smh.com.au


Www.News.com.au

 




 Ha! Hopefully it will be running android.. I'm sure I can get root access, install a custom ROM, and make it show everyone at fault.

I better make a nandroid backup in case I get the car stuck in a boot loop. 




 Am I the only one admiring his lawn? 




 There is always a light at the end mate, not sure what it is or when we'll get there, but we will.

You doing / taking anything to control it? Don't let it get the better of you  




 Is it just me or is it blurry as fuck? 




 Pulp Fiction.

Every part of that movie could be a ride. 




 You have to be a firm 'cunt' in my role..

I try not to bring that attitude home with me.

And yes, IT role. 




 Could be mate, but I'm not really one to be diagnosing that for you.

You going through anything in life at the moment that could be causing it?

I was going to add that in there, but I didn't really think people felt that way just because I do. I've had a rough 2 years and get that same feeling, bud. 

You're not alone. 




 Out of curiosity, are Chinese restaurants still a thing in the US?

Down under, they are closing up daily, Thai restaurants are the new 'in thing' 




 Because you probably feel like you're drifting apart from them and they don't share the same interests as you.

Another could be tbat they are friends of convenience, but you're at a different stage of life. 




 Being at work, thanks for the NSFW tags, I'll wait till I get home.. :) 




 Not really argue worthy, but I have seen "what to do" many times on /b/, and never as a meme.. 

it's always some stupid picture with "you walk in and see your .... doing....., what to do?" 




 Well, I'm in it more for the 'Service with a Hug'

Then there is also the propane tanks that have been freaked by Jo-Jack. 




 You were one of the good ones Hank.

But your son's an Ass. 




 well.. keep in mind, Bobby lost his marbles when Bill told him he will forever be alone, trying to get Connie back with everything he could. 




 As soon as I read it and seen the "what to do" I knew it was fake.

It had the typical /b/ written all over it. 




 Jokes on you, I watched a McDonald's and and didn't even press skip. 




 Was kind of hoping the OS was Amiga workbench

Or at least have the boot up screen as being the hand holding the blue disk 




 To OP's credit (even though he is a bundle of sticks until proven otherwise) you wouldn't post your own selfie in /r/trashy 




 I'm using the istick 30w and it has been great.

This is something for all to consider - no one will get onto a forum and start a new thread going on about how well their product has been working, but EVERYONE will go on there and complain about how bad their one is.

I'm sure there is a few lemons out there, but the majority are working fine. 




 This is the main reason why I've moved away from Mech mods and have gone back to Regulated.

Although the iStick might be a crappy device to most on here, for me it does the job perfectly, and it has Micro USB charging. 

No matter where I am, It's not hard to find someone that has an android charger in their car or around the office.  




 So Hank, are you going to meet with him again?

- it was just a one time thing with a guy in a parking lot. 




 It's come to the point where I read all of the responses in their related characters voices.

I still love that her ringtone for Redcorn "She's my cherry pie..." and the photo of him posing on the screen. 




 Where can I find a L pipe? 




 Maybe he really was there the whole time to be close and spy on Dale?..

All that Alien urine must have tipped them off. 




 Nexus 5 is my backup 




 I think M will have a lot to do with Battery life.

Now that we can restrict apps from accessing individual functions, I'm going to disable every single app from getting even remotely close to the GPS chip.

Anytime GPS is used, it's an instant killer. 




 *Sigh* Where would I find a Hammer?!

ps, I HATED BUCKLY SO MUCH! 




 I never really understood it either, but all the same it was a twist that you never expected and really they didn't have to even include it in the episode. 

It was a way of giving the audience a quick piece of closure, that people didn't even really think about too much. 

Weird though, 

Hank - Propane at Strickland

Dale - Exterminator at Dales Dead Bug

Bill - Barber at the Army Base

Khan - Systems Analyst / Car Wash Tycoon

Peggy - Teacher

Minh - err.. Homemaker?

Nancy - Weather Reporter for a news station

Boomhauer - ???????? nothing at all till the last season.  




 Definitely no Cotton in that episode. 

There is Hank's Mum though.

"Dad, can I have permission to say Hell yeah?" 




 He's a Texas Ranger.. 

Makes some of the conspiracy theories that he's there solely to spy on Dale, more credible and funnier. 









 Legend, thank you 




 That's a erfect story to tell. 




 Gribble is going to need that spoon to go with his knife. 




 Sirloin for sure,

The episode didn't have as much Dale as I would've liked (hehe) but the ending was superb.

Hank could never relate to Bobby, and as much as he loved his son he always missed that special bond.

Peggy always tried as hard as she can to create that bond although it was a fruitless effort.

At the end, it wasn't sport, or beer, it was meat.

That same meat that clogged his colon in the first season is the same meat that brought Father and Son together.

What better way to cook that meat, than on glorious propane and propane accessories. 




 You're doing God's work, son. 




 This song was catchy as anything, even though I don't understand a word of it.

Juanes - La Camisa Negra 

https://youtu.be/kRt2sRyup6A 




 Blocked in Aus too. 




 "Reddit jumped the gun" 

This sounds all too familiar.. 




 No Ad Blocker needed, and works on mobile.

Enjoy my KOTH friends.

http://kisscartoon.me/Cartoon/King-of-the-Hill 




 I see your point, it's frustrating though.

I sit here with my Nexus 6, great screen quality and large display, but its all meaningless if the battery dies at 1pm  




 With every user complaining about battery life of phones, you think they'd concentrate on that before screens. 

There is only really so much the human eye can pick up on, and how much media are you really going to consume off a ~5 inch device. 




 Well said. 




 Why?

In all honesty, Why? 




 This should be interesting, I've always appreciated the effort BlackBerry used to put into their devices and how they used to dominate the corporate world.

Their biggest mistake was continuing to make phones for companies rather than the individual.

With Android and BlackBerry teaming together, I'm hoping for a near Nexus experience using vanilla Android, but with all of the BlackBerry secure traits written in the background.

Not sure about a physical keyboard as I hate them, but horses for courses, release 2 versions where one is all touch and one has the Keyboard. 




 That'll do me, thanks mate. 




 I'm genuinely surprised.. The sport here is what needs attention and crowd funding, well actually, it just needs crowds. 




 My Google play services is always at top, even higher than screen usage.

Fucking Google play services.

Your app might have locked up and was sucking some serious CPU juice, was the phone warm?

I use Reddit is Fun as well 




 Is there a TL;DR? 




 No problem at all, 

No one got in contact with me at all over it, it was stuck at Alexandria for over a week and I had to wait it out. 

Usually I get my order in 2 weeks from Nicvape but that one time it took 3.5 to receive it.

Mine wasn't through FedEx it was sent via USPS then delivered locally, so not sure who did the scan, but I'm guessing it was customs. 

There were no updates, no calls, no anything, it just said that it was at Alexandria and that was that.. 

I'm guessing each shipping company will have their own tracking and comments that they release to customers. 




 Looks like your parcel was selected more than likely as a part of a random sample to be inspected.

When / if they contact you or you could contact them, let them know that it's for personal use in your e-cigs.

Yours won't be the first or last bottle they come across.

My bottle was picked up and they had it for a week before I received it. You could tell that the package was opened.

Mine didn't come labelled as being nicotine so I'm guessing it was caught in a scan.  




 I bought mine off ebay for 220 Aus, it was more of a taste test for Android Wear and whether I would like it.

I had it synched to the iphone and it worked fine for me, The biggest issue was the lack of auto reconnection.

My goto watch is still my Tag Carrerra :) 




 You, I like. 




 Don't wanna be 'that' guy, my Moto 360 let's me read the full email and then delete it as well.

I can see why you'd be pissed.

For me, the smartwatch wasnt meant to be so much of a companion device, but a device that meant I didn't have to pull my phone out.

Having a Nexus 6, and device that means I don't need to fumble around with this gigantic device is a winner. 




 That was my risky click for the day 









 Your username a throw-away? If not, you should keep it 




 I love this notion of Australia being a country of rich, where everything is easy to get cause of how much we get paid etc.. 

Until you've actually experienced it, you'll have no idea.

The one thing I love about this country where a developed nation such as the US has royally fucked up, is healthcare.

But then again, we also pay another subset of taxes for that as well. 




 Yes cockface, but everything else costs triple here as well. 

Its comparative. I been to the US and EVERYTHING is much cheaper than it is here. 




 4chan would have a breakdown with this.  




 You obviously haven't bought cigarettes in Australia yet have you?

Try $20-25  




 Same phone without a hardware keyboard, and I'll be all over it. 




 I have a Moto 360 and a Nexus 6.. No dramas here with either of them (knock on wood).

The last Moto product I ever owned was a Star-Tac 




 Same as Aus 




 Really? I have a 250ml bottle, but then again I use it up in 6 months as I mix up juices for mates as well.

What happens when it 'goes off'? Is it just a matter of the nicotine level dropping? 




 How long does it last when it's not in the fridge? 




 Its not that bad of a design and is quite futuristic, but its leaning towards the feminine side.. 




 Credit where credit is due, that vagina has awesome detail in how its been drawn. 




 $600 for a root??

That's both class hooker prices. It better have been one of the best roots you've had!

:) 




 Really? I honestly didn't notice 




 If they made /r/nexus6 private, imagine how mad all 8 of us would be. 




 All jokes aside, the explanation you gave is actually an ELI5 post I would expect.

At least you abide by your rules. 




 Question is, who the fuck gave her gold? 




 Think of us as little brother. 




 Depends on the area / city you are from..  




 A common one liner from our own version of rednecks is "fuck off we're full" or "go back to where you came from".

This T-shirt was a pg version.

Then again, this country is fucked at the moment, people are too scared to fly an Australian flag in fear of it being a sign of racism to others.

This is how socially retarded we have become. 




 Summerfags everywhere. 




 Good move.. Definitely not a place I would want newbies visiting.

End up buying a mech mod running an evod tank and a trustfire battery.

Worst part is that they openly started battering other stores and their owners.

Bunch of wankers. 




 No no no.. Don't be stupid!

You don't want Greece to drown, what you want is for Turkey to bail them out and then claim it as their own.

That will make me all the happier. 




 There is another one in Sydney based in the Sutherland shire.. Probably better you didn't include it.

Imagine a shop that sold the worst of the worst clones from Fasttech at original model prices..

If they were at least good clones I wouldn't mind. 




 Sydney is such an un-tapped market,

If I had the balls to give up my day job I would open up a store.

Until I can sell Nic juices, it's just not worth it in my opinion.  




 I'm 31, watched it since ep1 and haven't stopped since.

Remember, there is more to the world than just the U.S.. 

We down under folk don't mind it either.  




 Someone that gets it. 




 This was social justice. Completely justified as well. 


He will know for next time. 




 Nah mate, it goes back almost like normal. 

 




 But, if you had to choose one? 




 Looks more like Cheech  




 I wouldn't call what you guys speak over there as being 'English'

Then again, Australians bastardised the language as well, but we keep as close as we can to it! 




 wrong thread buddy :) 




 Can you mow your lawn in a hurricane? I don't think so! 




 Huge props and thanks to the people / person that put this together.

He is one of the best characters on tv, animated or not. 









 What do you mean? 




 "He wouldve spent the money on something stupid anyway.. Like himself." - Dale Gribble. 
























