 I love this story of his!  I've heard him tell it in a recording of a 3 hour lecture, just before a break.  Great punchline... :D 




 3 




 Why show up in the thread if you only came to impose a hierarchy, where only your version of anarchism is allowed?  It's evident in this thread and elsewhere in the sub that at least a few anarchists disagree about the particulars of personal property. 




 This is an effective response in many situations where people want to talk about "good cops."  Of course police officers are human beings, and many of them are reasonably nice people; as mentioned elsewhere, police work is attractive to a certain set of society for purely practical reasons (e.g. nice pension   pay, no degree required).

But these folks have dedicated their careers to actively supporting and taking part in a system that violently oppresses entire classes of society.  Debating whether the people involved are good or bad is generally a diversion from meaningful discussion about the causes of police brutality and possible solutions. 




 Wow...beautiful track.  A bit simplistic, but nice. 




 I recently acquired a few ounces of Plum Pudding, which is the first genuine English style blend I've smoked.

My first reaction was...wow.  How many distinct flavors can there be in one tobacco!  In particular, I was amazed at how nuanced and unique the smokey flavors of (I believe) the Latakia were.  I've smoked and enjoyed many blends by now, each with their own character and evolution...but nothing with this level of complexity.  And yet, I didn't find it harsh or overwhelming.

For those of you who are familiar with many English blends and with Plum Pudding - do you find the general qualities of this blend are common to many other English?  Are there specific other blends you'd recommend, knowing that I enjoy Plum Pudding?  How does it compare?

Have you had a similar experience when you first tried English style blends? 




 Other people are debating already.  Debate can be a powerful learning process; you don't have to be knowledgeable in a subject to have a useful debate with someone on that subject. 




 Ah, yes...these are all good points, and that is a fascinating read.

In fact, it offers solutions to most of the problems posed by OP. 




 Those are bold claims.  You believe that lobbying is less powerful as a political force than decentralized communication between individuals on the internet?

Why is it, then, that [voting behavior in America serves the aims of capital holders at the expense of the people](http://journals.cambridge.org/action/displayAbstract?fromPage=online aid=9354310)?  




 In actuality, I'd probably contact all my friends and relatives and see what they were doing about it.  Isn't that what most folks would do?

I'm pretty sure with 100 or so twenty and thirty somethings + their parents and no private property rights we could figure out a reasonably self-sufficient existence for ourselves.

But how does that relate to my hypothetical?  You think everybody would get food by doing oddjobs for this guy? 




 No, no.  I appreciate that OP is genuinely trying to debate this, and that they have some basic understanding of debate being a contest of ideas, where one tries to show through reason that an idea is true or false.

There are many folks in this sub who think it's a great place to call people names and dismiss their ideas as unworthy of discussion on the basis of their ethnic, political, or ideological group affiliation.

At least OP is trying.  Why not try to refute OP's ideas, or to convince OP of some alternate point of view? 




 I guess you've abandoned the claim that 3rd world labor exploitation is a problem with non-capitalist 3rd world governments, and isn't a fault of capitalist systems and firms. :P

...

You've offered several ideas about how to keep capitalism and lose exploitation of labor from poorer countries.  Imposing a minimum wage on foreign labor sounds like a great way to drive innovation in robotics and artificial intelligence, which would certainly reduce exploitation of labor forces.

I doubt that it could ever pass in a country committed to capitalism and democracy, though.  Just imagine an American Congressperson introducing such legislation!  It'd be political suicide; their capital-holding supporters would withdraw their financial and mainstream media support and pour millions into pro-exploitation opponents in the next election. 




 It's not necessarily idealistic.  I think gigacannon is saying that it's *possible* to create a good anarchist society, and that we could do it together *with a great deal of hard work, without which it would fail*.

Sounds pretty realistic to me.

Where does gigacannon assume that everyone will commit their time and effort?  While we're at it, why should such a thing require *everyone*? 




 I don't believe that's true at all, in this context.

If I had no means of obtaining food, I would not cling to my individualism and start looking for seeds in the wild so that I could grow something and eat it.  I would look for others who knew how to get some food, or who had food and might give it to me.

I don't believe that I'm unique in that.

If everybody had to work directly with others to survive because no imposed system existed, I imagine most people would start working together.

That doesn't require that everybody become selfless or that nobody ever screwed anybody else in order to get what they want.  It just requires that it's in most people's apparent self-interest to cooperate.

Incidentally, that's what we've got right now:  it's in most people's self-interest to go along with whatever imposed system exists in order to get their needs met, so that's what people tend to do.

Perhaps anarchist systems exist in which it's in most people's interest to cooperate with others in a decentralized, non-hierarchical way. 




 Hmm...I'm not sure that's relevant to Nihilozero's objection.  Don't you see how exploitation of 3rd world laborers, accomplished through the control of capital by multinational corporations in order to export and sell goods in capitalist economies is relevant to your claim that state and corporate capitalism isn't working?

If you believe that the problem is with the governments in countries where laborers are being exploited, and that existing capitalist systems are not responsible for it, you should at least formulate an argument in favor of this view.

It seems fairly obvious to me that the entities doing the exploitation are responsible for their actions, and that the system that enables concentrated control of capital by those entities is also responsible. 




 That's a very different and more reasonable claim than the one you led with.  I wonder if the anarchists here have a good reply. 




 Most of this is not true; you seem to have false beliefs about what we know about prehistoric humans.

We don't know that prehistoric humans had single leaders.  We don't know that they lived in small, scattered groups; there is some evidence that they lived in small family groups during some periods, but we certainly don't know. We have no reason whatsoever to believe that they lacked complex emotions *or language*, nor that they were any less rational than humans are today (unless you go back to other *species* with a smaller brains; farther than the time you're talking about).

Where you getting these ideas?  Has some great scientific discovery been made of which I am ignorant? 




 Pot calling the kettle black :/  PM_ME_YOUR_BBQ may not be familiar with anarchism, but at least they have some understanding of debate and are attempting to engage in it. 




 Interesting...

How can socialist economics be implemented without a governing body that collects taxes under threat of force? 




 Ah, for sure.

Without the deterrent of existing criminal justice systems, violence and fear of violence would be widespread? 




 You're saying that without a government and police force like we have now, individuals would have inadequate defense against the violence of others.  Right? 




 I suppose those things are both true.  How does that imply that anarchism could only succeed if all people were perfect? 




 It's a necessary and good comment for this sub; I hope to see many more like it.  /r/Anarchism is filled with hierarchies. 




 Go outside and play! 




 Then why are you posting in /r/DebateAnarchism? 




 OP made an argument in support of his claim.  You claimed it was a straw man.  You each have a burden of proof, but only OP has attempted to deliver.

If you want to debate, it's on you to show why OP failed.  Simply claiming that he has is no refutation. 




 Why isn't it true?  This is a debate subreddit. 




 Why couldn't it work without everybody being perfect? 




 Is there any specific statement made in the OP that you take issue with?  Your comment adds nothing to this. 




 You might really enjoy taking MDMA with a friend you trust, or perhaps alone.  Since you have a tendency toward anxiety, you should only take it if you can get a reliably pure and measure dose, and take a small dose to start.

[MDMA](http://maps.org/research/mdma) is a very beautiful and healing substance in the right setting.  At low-moderate doses (~100mg) with good hydration and no overheating it is perfectly safe.  It can help you get back in touch with feelings of love and empathy for yourself and others.  It's not a psychedelic drug, but it has some similarities.

Taking psychedelic drugs is a more challenging thing for a person prone to anxiety and perhaps depression.  You will almost certainly experience anxiety on psychedelic drugs.  It can be very good - a transformative experience, even.

You can also have very difficult and unpleasant experiences.  You anxiety could come up, and grow, transforming into a psychedelic fueled beast.  There are many things you can do to influence the kind of experience you have, and techniques that you or a friend can use to guide psychedelic experiences.  But you can't necessarily control this experience, and you may be terrified by that at times (as most people who've used psychedelics sometimes are).

So I see psychedelics as an undertaking, especially for folks who come to them with a particular negative experience they'd like to transform.  A noble and good undertaking!  But not one to be taken lightly.

I encourage you to try it out, though.  You should only use psychedelics if you can obtain a reliably measured and pure dose.  For example, you could buy a few grams of shrooms and a scale.  2 grams of psilocybe cubensis is a good starting point; it won't be very strong, so you can get familiar with what shrooms are like without feeling overwhelmed.  Then you can try 2.5 or 3 grams next time, if you like (a week or more later). 




 Psychedelics can burn you hard, but the mental health industry can easily convince you that there's little hope for great change and that you have to take these little pills forever that block out many aspects of human experience.

Whatever you decide to consume, be careful. :) 




 In many psychedelic and consciousness expansion oriented communities, I see this strong interest in forming new ways of conceptualizing or explaining consciousness and/or reality.

It seems to me like the most wrong-headed approach a person could possibly take, short of setting out to confirm an existing conceptual model of consciousness / reality.

In my life, the most important thing I have learned from my efforts to learn by exploring the depths of human experience is to accept the primacy of subjective experience.  I know that everything I have experienced and ever could experience has been just that - a subjective experience.  Every conceptual model of reality, every idea, every perception, everything has been just that.

You say:

But folks, it's just in your brain. Breathe, close your eyes, exhale taking your horizon to the farthest stars, the depths of the mind, reckon reality's weight, open your eyes and realize it's all in your head.

And I'm with you - with one small, but extremely important shift.  That idea, that perception, that this is all in a *location*, and in the *brain* in particular, is itself subject to that same truth - this is all in my head, my brain.  The idea and experience of location is located?  In my brain?  And what is a brain?  Another idea, ultimately.  You might say "no, no - the *actual* brain, the *actual* location!"  What's that?  It's the idea of a brain beyond the idea of a brain.

If I truly believe in a brain, that belief seems psychotic - it contradicts itself in an infinitely repeating spiral of brains.  It's not unlike the belief that "everything is one."  ^Everything ^is..^one?  ^^What's ^^one?  ^^Is ^^one ^^one?  ^^^AGHSGHGHGh

Similarly, if I believe my experience to be a completely separate entity from some other existent something somewhere else, that belief contradicts itself.  My conception of a separate entity is part of this experience; my conception of subjective experience is part of this experience.  There's no escaping this; nothing outside this, and nothing beyond this.

As human beings, we have this tendency, this habit, to go about conceptually modeling our experience.  It's an imperfect system.  In my experience, examining the edge case contradictions carefully has relaxed my attachment to it and allowed me to see it for what it is - an imperfect tool for dealing with practical problems.

So I don't try to conceptualize reality as an end in itself.  I'm curious about future conceptual models, especially those that come from analytic philosophers operating on the findings and ideas of scientists.  But I have no expectation that they'll come up with a model that doesn't suffer this same problem, because it's not a problem of lacking information - it's a problem with the system of mind.  Mind did not evolve in order to apprehend the absolute truth of reality.  It appears to exist in order to solve day-to-day practical problems well enough to keep us animals alive long enough to successfully breed.

...

That act, though, of looking up into the stars, of taking in the most vast and expansive scene...and acknowledging that it's reality.  I don't believe that the words, the conceptualization if necessary.  It can provoke an incredible shift, to acknowledge that this experience of vastness is apparently quite small, between my ears, and so on.  The activity of a brain.

But to stick on that idea, believing it to be true...what a mistake.  Not to say that you've made that mistake, in particular; your thought gave me quite a platform to launch from, but I do not know what was behind it (nor do I mean to assume that you believe any thought I've shared above).  Look at what is there, before your eyes!  In your mind!  In nobody's mind!  Before any idea about any brain or cosmos or you ever happened at all... 




 He's pretty easy to deal with before he's snowballed on ganks.  He has terrible stat gain and limited late-game damage.  He can be hit with untargeted spells while invisible, because his position is revealed.

What's the big deal? 




 Fuck that.  I see people in all kinds of ethnic groups espousing naive liberal bullshit. 




 He didn't say they fired live ammunition - only that they pointed guns loaded with live ammunition at him.  It's a big deal. 




 Oh god no please don't this swimming nonsense into reddit. 




 You've assumed that the pineal gland and the third eye are synonymous.  Why? 




 I've experienced strong effects from binaural beats and other forms of brainwave entrainment.  I've never used streamed audio for it; I wonder if the effect still works on heavily compressed source material. 




 I see "check your privilege" as one of those memes that only this special brand of simple-minded idiocy brought to you by years of mainstream/social media consumption can make appealing.  It's function seems to be to let you feel knowledgeable and superior while crippling any meaningful discussion of the complexities of life. 




 Not checking privilege is not an error in reasoning at all; it is simply an omission, a non-act.  A fallacy is a specific use of faulty logic.  It is like making a mistake on a math problem; when revealed, it is indisputable.  Ignorance alone is not a fallacy.

In this example, the error is the assumption that one's own experience is great evidence for what others have experienced.  It's pretty easy to point out this sort of error to a somewhat reasonable person in a way that they can hear and consider.  This is a great way to change the view of an intelligent person who's not on the defensive.

Aggressive demands like "check your privilege" are not a great way to change a person's view.

Just imagine...

"Check your privilege!"

"Why should I check my privilege?  I don't see any reason to believe I'm privileged - I worked hard for what I have.  All you see is an educated white guy, but I grew up poor and my grandma is from Israel.  Anyway I feel assaulted and this person is rude and doesn't make sense.  Fuck these anarchists - I'm going back to /r/politics!" 




 To me, that seems like such a strange thing to care about and identify with.  A person who is 1/8th Native must have about 7/8ths of other ancestries - and likely another ancestry holds the majority.  Why should such a person identify so strongly with their Native 1/8th as to be saddened by their lack of obvious Native features?

I don't mean this to be dismissive or unkind - I'm genuinely curious about your views on this, as you obviously have first-hand experience and care about it a great deal.  But on reading this now, it seems to me that I have about as much reason to identify as Irish, having an Irish-born great grandparent in my family tree.  But it would be a bit silly for me to lament my lack of visible Irish traits, wouldn't it? 




 :/ 




 Why is that a sad fact?  What's wrong with looking white? 




 What use can it serve to reply to a fallacious argument with "check your privilege," which would not be better served by pointing out the error in reasoning?  Any time fallacy has been committed, a direct and straightforward refutation can be made.

Why respond to faulty logic in a way that invites the person to miss the point entirely, when you could simply point out the faulty logic? 




 I don't believe that such people exist; there's no way to answer this question without acknowledging its baseless assumption that drugs turn people into nutters. 




 Hmm...yeah, sure.  Though it's far off topic.

You said:

 News is easy to digest. The media feeds us small bites of trivial matter, tidbits that don't really concern our lives and don't require thinking.

 lol, no it isn't. maybe the news you read is like that, but most news that actually is interesting enough to read has humoungous complex ramifications that not even a expert could fully understand on their own.

The article says that news is easy to digest.  Indeed, a great deal of news is easy to digest and trivial.  Instead of disputing this, you say that the claim is false because any news that's "interesting enough to read" isn't this way.

On a strict literal reading of the article's statement, you might think this is just fine.  But the argument's intent is clearly not to claim that every bit of news ever made is trivial and easy to digest.  It's talking about the general trend, the majority.

That there is some interesting and thought-provoking news somewhere is no contradiction to the claim that the vast majority of news is simplistic drivel.  In common speech, that would be said "News is simplistic drivel."  Kind of like how we can say "cats have four legs."  I'm not claiming that there are no three-legged cats when I say that.

* News is simplistic drivel
* But *real* news is actually quite thought-provoking
* Therefore news is not simplistic drivel

The conclusion does not follow.  You could characterize this as a variant of "No True Scotsman."  Is there some news somewhere that's actually quite complex and thought provoking?  Perhaps.  Does that change the rest of the news?  No. 




 I guess it doesn't bother you then.  You have patterns of thinking that lead to false conclusions, and you like it that way.  Oh well! :D 




 Haha, yeah.  If you accepted the idea that claims argued poorly are necessarily false, you'd have quite a collection of false claims... 




 There are important differences.  In particular, using a loan to start a business doesn't satisfy the hypothetical situation posed by your capitalist debate partner.

Although plenty of people use cash to start businesses, and occasionally even small businesses, this hypothetical is irrelevant to most compelling situations where anarchists and capitalist libertarians disagree.

Yes, sometimes a worker is able to generate enough money or equity to acquire means of production and work for themselves or even start a corporation.  But this represents a vanishingly small proportion of economic activity in capitalist economies on the scale of an actual state (let alone multinational economies).  In reality, the vast majority of economic activity comes from a relatively small number of entities that together control almost all capital.  

Do workers ever start small businesses?  Yes.  Marxism has a word for these folks, and it isn't flattering.  They do not matter, and it does not matter if their contribution to the economy is simultaneously capitalist and ethical.  In any existent capitalist economy, they are utterly dwarfed by the true players - whose actions cannot, by any stretch of the imagination, be construed as ethical.

For what it's worth.  There are many ways to go with this kind of hypothetical, but I honestly don't have any patience for it.  It's just a diversion from the actual problems of capitalism, imo. 




 Yeah...it's not salvia, and there's a good chance that its impregnated with dangerous novel synthetic chemicals.  Don't test it on human subjects. 




 Of course, of course.  It won't hurt, but it isn't something to rely on either.

Urinary pH influences the rate of elimination of amphetamine; perhaps taking a large dose of vitamin C or of citric acid (juice) would influence this enough to reduce the duration of an experience already underway, but I'm quite skeptical.

Coadministration with acidic juices is another matter, and certainly can effect absorption of amphetamine on an empty stomach. 




 Yes, that's true.  Although half-life doesn't translate directly into duration of effect, given such a long half-life I wouldn't expect the effect to be mostly gone by hour 6.

My experience with IR adderall was that I would not sleep for at least 8 hours after a low dose (10 or 20mg).

People do vary quite a bit in their ability to sleep on the trailing end of a stimulant drug experience, though.  I wouldn't take oral amphetamine past noon if I wanted to sleep at 10:30, but I also wouldn't drink a cup of coffee past 2pm. 




 This isn't true at all. :/ 




 That's highly unlikely.  I did a quick search but was unable to find an easy, kitchen chemistry method for defeating the time release of dextromethorphan polistirex.  Perhaps it's out there.  There are whispers all over drugs forums about some post somewhere that reports a lemon juice method that works, but I couldn't find a reliable description.

If you're dosing tonight, I'd just take it as is. 




 Yeah, I have no problem with your answer dude. 




 The degree of dependence differs between them.  It's relevant.  Askdrugs is a harm reduction sub. 




 Dependence will occur with regular use of benzodiazepenes at a decent dosage in just about anybody...it should certainly be a factor considered in a decision between benzodiazepenes.  OP's doctor has surely considered it, and that may even be their primary reason for switching OP off Xanax. 




 Lorazepam (Ativan) is shorter acting than Clonazepam, which makes it a better candidate for recreational use.  However, it is slightly more habit forming; you'll likely have greater difficulties with dependence and withdrawal on lorazepam than clonazepam.

They have quite similar effects apart from duration in my experience. 




 Well, I think you'd benefit greatly from reading through your post with the poster up, identifying each fallacy you used.  I don't imagine you care.  But I thought I'd give it a try.  The errors in reasoning are there; your thinking is faulty.

Doesn't that bother you? 




 For sure...I had a good chuckle at the irony as I began reading, too. 




 It's not a news article.  It's a reprinted excerpt of an essay. 




 This is an edited extract from an essay first published at dobelli.com. The Art of Thinking Clearly: Better Thinking, Better Decisions by Rolf Dobelli

It's ironic for the Guardian to republish an extract of this essay, but it's not a news piece.  Did you read it?  It's quite obviously an analytic essay, which is about as far from news copy as you can get without being a novel. 




 This is an edited extract from an essay first published at dobelli.com. The Art of Thinking Clearly: Better Thinking, Better Decisions by Rolf Dobelli

Reading news inhibits your ability to distinguish the source of the material you're reading! :P 




 It's no refutation to simply claim that an argument is baseless, its author a moron, and so on.  You would benefit from a [basic education in common errors in reasoning](http://i.imgur.com/OOA8QzF.jpg).  Most of your replies contain at least one - all of which can be found on the linked poster!

If you truly believe that any specific statement in the article was false, you could do yourselves and us a service by attempting to refute it.  Go ahead - find a line or reasoning in the article with a conclusion that you believe doesn't follow, quote it here, and then show why it's wrong. 




 (Just in case anybody cares to read this long, tangential rambling)

Well...I don't have a particular take on plant consciousness, I guess.

But I don't have a particular take on human consciousness, either.  I studied cognitive neuroscience, comparative neurobiology, philosophy, and psychology for a few years at university.  I've practiced mindfulness and used psychedelics and other tools to learn about human experience directly.  I lost a lot of beliefs about life and consciousness through all of this, because I realized that I have no reason to believe that I am conscious - that consciousness is in any way particularly associated with me or my humanness.

There are things that it's like to be human.  There's something that it's like to see blue, to feel a touch, to think a particular thought, and so on.  These experiences depend on different parts of the human body functioning a certain way. Some of these dependencies are well mapped by scientists, like the parts of the visual cortex that do the calculations that map the edges of objects.  You won't see edges without that activity occurring.

But there's no particular reason why those cells relating to one another that way should look like edges; they do the math that calculates edges, but so can many things.  They're cells, but so are many cells.  People have told me that the perception of edges must be in the neurons that calculate the shape of edges, and other variations on that theme.  Well, which part?  Is it this neuron, or that?  Is it the whole network?  If so, then shouldn't any network of neurons have a subjective experience associated?  And what about other cells?  And what about non-cell molecules that are arranged similarly?  Etc.

There doesn't seem to be any way to draw a line between any particular thing that has subjective experiences (like a part of a network of cells, or a brain, or an organism) and some other thing that doesn't without entailing some logical contradiction.  And when I examine my own experience directly through mindfulness, I notice that things I take to be conscious, to be me, easily lose that quality of seeming awareness and dissolve whenever I cease to identify with them.  Subjectively, there doesn't seem to be any entity that consciousness is associated with in particular.

But there's something that it's like to experience everything I've ever experienced, and I have no reason to believe that's different beyond what I can experience.  So, I imagine there's something that it's like to be a plant, or some part of a plant, or any part of a plant, and that it's related to the way that plants interact with other things (the way that the particulars of human visual experience are related to the way our eyes and nerves and brains and so on interact with our world).  And I imagine there's something that it's like to be dirt, and rocks, and air, that's somehow related to what air and dirt and rocks are from other perspectives.

...

It's quite funny to me, now, that to many people, the idea that plants (or bacteria, or rocks) have some kind of experience is controversial, is a claim that requires evidence.  Has anybody ever seen anything that wasn't some kind of experience?  Of course not.

So shouldn't the controversial claim, the claim that would require some great weight of evidence, be the claim that something somewhere *isn't* having an experience? 




 Great article.  Much of what they say about news applies equally to most of reddit. 




 Only the orientals are safe 




 Seconded.  Remember not to scrimp on quality thermal compound, either.  Correctly applied, it'll drop your core temperature by 12 to 16 C. 




 Really?  I read through the thread and I honestly can't see how banning Nyoza would improve the subreddit.  Is the goal to become a circlejerk where everybody sees everything exactly the same way? 




 I resonate with much of what you said, but I do feel that it's oversimplifying very complex social dynamics.

I see your opening as a kind of false middle ground appeal.  The existence of extremes doesn't imply that a middle ground would be superior to either extreme, nor that both extremes have their place - any more than it implies that one or the other extreme is superior.

Do you know what I mean?  It's very bold to claim that some balance between violence and complete obedience is the way of progress.  Many great things have been accomplished through violent revolution, and many great things have been accomplished through pacifism.  It's not obvious what any particular person or movement should do at any particular time. 




 Ho ho!  May the clear light of an unclouded intellect shine upon your ebony man-curls as the first rays of dawn!  May the frigid salty spray of incontrovertible insight dash upon the rocks of your chiseled captainesque countenance!

edit: seriously I wish you no ill.  cheers.. 




 I never called you childish - I called your line of reasoning childish.  Was it a personal attack?  I don't think so, but it's debatable.  In the context of that conversation it was no more impolite than what it followed.

Anyway, goodbye.  I only have so much time and I'd like to spend it another way now.  I wish you the best.  May the light of reason one day shine upon your blessed black beard! 




 It's no lie.  Look at each reply you made.  Not one of them addresses the *actual claim being made and its underlying reasoning*.  You quote me, and then you attack me.  But what you don't do is make any specific logical objection to any specific thing I've said.

Debate is not just vehement disagreement going back and forth.  When you quoted me saying that your definition of racism is not common or useful, you support that I never claimed it was not valid.  You know why?  Because I never used the word valid, and you didn't make any argument to show that my argument entailed it not being valid.

If you had, then I could have conceded the point or offered  rebuttal or whatever, and we could debate.  Because all you've done is quote me and express violent disagreement, there is no debate to be had.

Do you see the difference?  It's about reason.  Logic.  Addressing the idea instead of making it personal. 




 Really...you tell me that pointing out flaws in your reasoning and trying to convince you to address the idea instead of abusing me *in a debate subreddit* is bad because I should "refute the central point, and not the character of the person" as per the rules.  In the same post, you look up my posting history, call me a libertarian because I've posted in r/bitcoin, and tell me to go back to /r/libertarian and leave /r/debateanarchism?

Meh.  I guess I'll give up on you seeing reason for now.

I keep trying to think of something to say to how you still think I've questioned whether your definition of racism is valid, but all I would say is what you already quoted me saying.  It's as though you don't speak English. :/

Ok bye. 




 I have seen similar things.  It's a real bummer to meet people who seem to be into anarchism, freedom, dismantling oppression, etc...and then it turns out they're the evil twins of white bigotry.

Like most anti-rational hate mongering, this too is weak and failing.  Yay :D 




 Come on!  I am not arrogant and I'm not a troll.  I'm trying to get you to engage in debate, which is the purpose of this sub.

Debate can only happen when at least two people agree to engage in rational discourse.  When you reply to my postings only to insult me or to pretend that I've said one thing when in fact I said another, no debate can occur.

Which is a bummer, because debate is excellent!  That is why I keep suggesting that you address the logic, the reason.  You know things that I don't know.  I know things that you don't know.

I could be wrong about everything I've claimed in this thread!  I don't know yet because nobody has attempted to refute me. 




 Why don't you follow the rules of this subreddit and its topic?  This is a debate sub.

If you disagree with an argument I've made, please tell me why it's flawed.  Then we could have a debate ! :D

I never questioned whether it was a valid definition, whatever that means to you.  It's internally consistent.  I said it was a useful concept.  But it's not a common definition.  I did a little reading and learned that it's a significant, but fringe definition used by some sociologists.  Perhaps its also common among some anarchist subcultures? 

Your source wasn't relevant to my claim that its not a common definition.  You have yet to address that..

edit:  /r/Libertarian is not how I came to this sub.  There is little or no good debate to be had there. 




 Hey, I made a light jab at you while making a relevant point about your linguistics derail trolling, and I moved on.  My jab doesn't change anything about the value of the arguments I've made before, during, and after it.

Whether any particular argument I've posed to you is sound remains to be seen, as you have yet to address anything I've said...

Or, for that matter, anything anybody has said.  Every reply I see by you here misses the point and attempts to refute a straw-person.. at best. 




 Capn Blackbeard, I'm beginning to suspect that your interest in posting in /r/DebateAnarchism is not, in fact, to debate anarchism.  I've pointed out a clear and, at this point, obvious flaw in your reasoning - and your response is to flame me.

Why?  Why not refute my reasoning, as I appear to have refuted yours? 




 I never claimed that you are the only person who uses the definition of racism that, in this thread, only appears to be held by you.  I claimed that it is not a commonly held or particularly useful definition of racism.  That it's been used in a book, a blog post, and on an anarchist website is no contradiction.

Perhaps it would be more useful to discuss the use of this definition within various subcultures at present, or to discuss the merits and detriments of various definitions of racism, or to discuss anything at all without resorting to faulty rhetoric and personal attacks. 




 Blatant straw person argument - come on, Capn Blackbeard. blackrosesinwinter did not claim that words work just fine without any consensus of meaning at all - they simply claimed, quite reasonably, that language works without "having strict definitions for every word."

You're not trying to understand other people's point of view, or even to understand their posts in the most basic sense.  Why even talk? 




 I'm with you.  Capn Blackbeard has a boner for making everybody use their definition of racism, correcting people for using language the way they use language.  It's childish and accomplishes nothing. 




 You're just nitpicking semantics now.  Like several others in this thread, I don't think your definition of racism is commonly held or useful.  You should find a new word.

edit:  It's a useful concept, it just doesn't make sense to call it racism when the etymology and common usage of the word directly contradict your preferred use. 




  I really don't agree that they "only perpetuate racism," as using racism like that robs it of any power. If we can say that me calling a black person the n word, and them calling me a cracker are both racism, then its useless as a word because those are such qualitatively different things.

I suspect that you have a good point, but you've overstated it so strongly as to be absurd.  There is use for a concept that captures derogatory use of the word nigger, that also captures derogatory use of the word cracker.  If you think that racism should only refer to discrimination based on race that is directed toward people who aren't white, you should present an argument in favor (or at least present a coherent, rational position). 




 I've dealt with a fair amount of psychedelic anxiety.  My approach has been to buy a scale and measure doses, taking fairly low doses often as a way to engage with my anxiety and learn to relax with the experience of a drug.  It's worked well for me.  Over time, I've grown much more accepting of the loss of control that comes with high doses.

A scale that can accurately weigh doses of 10, 20, or 30mg is fairly expensive, but is an absolute necessity when preparing doses of a substance like psilacetin.

Psilacetin is comparable to psilocin and shrooms.  Just use the same literature as a guide you would use for shrooms, but dose according to specific advice for dosing psilacetin (like the advice from tozy92 above). 




 No - it's not normal.  But for now, try to take your mind off it, stay hydrated, don't take any more drugs until you've come down.  Relax.

But unless you start feeling worse, the best thing you can do now is to chill out and sober up.  If you feel worse, go to the ER.  Otherwise, call a doctor tomorrow, tell them you had chest pain that scared you, and get your heart checked out.  It's the only sane thing to do.

And, of course, **don't do any more stimulant drugs**.  And lay off the weed as well until you've seen a doctor and confirmed that you're ok. 




 Sounds like a pretty normal low dose experience.  Visual effects come at higher doses than effects on internal perceptions, mood, thought process, etc.  Though most would experience some visuals at a 3 gram dose, people vary in their response, and shrooms vary in potency.

I'd suggest trying the same dose with a proper week-long break from the SSRI before upping the dose, though.  But if that yields a similar result, he could try 4g after that.  Could be quite a different experience. ^_^ 




 I disagree.  It sounds to me like he was quite conflicted, and tried to change what was happening while working there until he finally gave up and then *continued to try to change it from the outside*.  There's no need to demonize someone just because he happened to be a cop for a few years. 




 You shouldn't have.  Almost every piece of writing intended for popular consumption has some disgustingly common misuse of jargon that will offend any person who knows the field where that jargon originated.  Why let that stop you from reading a thought-provoking and insightful opinion piece by a former cop who should really know better than to call a magazine a clip? 




 The internet, unlike real life, never forgets.  That isn't a good thing.  People change constantly, and their past should be allowed to soften and...well, pass.

Yet I see a string of hateful comments from people who won't accept your apology, or at least keep their anger about things long gone to themselves.  Why hold on to things said years ago, views expressed that are no longer held?  Life is not like that.  Why behave so childishly just because you're on the internet?

If you can't forgive, at least let your misguided anger go unspoken.  It serves no useful purpose. 




 The negative effects that marijuana has on memory are substantial, and you have good reason to be concerned for your girlfriend's ability to perform in school.

Perhaps you could help her by sharing this excellent news from the world of science: [at least some of the negative effects on memory can be blocked by pretreatment with an NSAID or other anti-inflammatory food or drug](http://www.scientificamerican.com/podcast/episode/in-mice-anti-inflammatories-amelior-13-11-21/).

Your girlfriend could keep smoking just as she is now, but add some anti-inflammatory foods to her diet (e.g. ginger, turmeric) and take less of a hit to her memory. 




 If it does effect the trip, it will only reduce the effects of the shrooms.  So you have nothing to fear from an interaction; the worst case is disappointment.

Although by now, I suppose you've already tripped.  Please share how it went!  It could be useful information for another Celexa user searching reddit one day. 




 Yes, whey protein is absorbed very quickly relative to casein and common whole food proteins.  This is probably why it's so effective post-workout. 




 Yeah...JigabooFriday needs to share more details, this doesn't sound like any DXM-only reaction I've ever heard of. 




 That's true, but misleading.  Black market synthetic drugs often contain active byproducts of the production process.  Perhaps purity is not the right word here, as it's common for amphetamine to be combined with an inert binder and pressed into pills (which is obviously not a problem).

At any rate, I can't advise you about judging the quality of black market amphetamine as I haven't used it since my early college years.  It should be easy enough [in this day and age](/r/darknetmarkets) to buy some diverted pharmaceutical amphetamine if you have concerns about the quality of what's available.   




 If you get reasonably pure amphetamine, there should be little or no noticeable difference.  The only significant difference you should find is with Adderall extended release.  You can approximate the effect of extended release by dividing a single dose into two doses, taken several hours apart.

There will be minor differences in the effect and potency because of differing ratios between the two isomers of amphetamine.  Amphetamine is a chiral molecule; it exists in multiple, chemically equivalent forms that mirror one another but behave slightly differently.  In the case of amphetamine, the difference in activity between the two isomers is not great.  Adderall has a set ratio between them (1:3).  I'm not sure about street amphetamine's isomer ratio, but I imagine it varies.

That said, you're unlikely to be able to tell the difference at equivalent doses. 







































 Hello!  I've been smoking a pipe for a few months and enjoy it quite a bit.  I'm about to restock on tobacco and am looking for suggestions.

I've only tried a few blends so far.  I tried Orlik Golden Sliced and didn't really care for it.  I enjoyed Peter Stokkebye Luxury Bulls Eye Flake quite a bit.  I didn't like the smoky taste of a generic English blend I found locally, nor the ketchup of a Mclelland's bulk Virginia/Perique.

I don't have a clear understanding of what flavors and characteristics correspond to different varieties of tobacco, beyond some basics (e.g. Orlik probably burned hot because it's mostly Virginia, Latakia is smoky), so I'm at a bit of a loss going forward.

Anybody have a suggestion that someone who enjoyed Peter Stokkebye Luxury Bulls Eye Flake and doesn't like smokey Latakia flavors or ketchup might enjoy as well?

edit:  thanks for the suggestions, plenty of good ideas to go on for this restock. :) 
























 Be careful!  The linked procedure is quite dangerous to attempt without some education in chemistry and lab safety. 




 It would make sense for DMT to show cross tolerance with other tryptamine psychedelics, but there are many anecdotal reports suggesting it doesn't.  Also, one of [Rick Strassman's studies on DMT](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8731519) demonstrated that no tolerance to psychedelic effects develops in response to repeated doses of DMT in humans.  It seems that DMT has different tolerance mechanisms from other psychedelics. 




 You sure about that dose?  Maybe 100mg? 
[package insert suggesting 50mg is the low end of a clinical dose](http://www.fda.gov/ohrms/dockets/ac/04/briefing/4006b1_06_zoloft-label.pdf) 




 Probably not.  7 doses just isn't much to build dependence.  If you're concerned, I suppose you could skip a day in the middle just to be certain. 




 Pinker ignored or misrepresented the interesting points of Gray's piece, which wasn't a critique of Pinker's facts, but of his reasoning and the conclusions drawn from them. 




 I wouldn't base a decision like this on anything but solid scientific evidence.  Unless this yields a link to a peer reviewed study of long-term ibuprofen use, you should consult a doctor.  You could really hurt yourself.

If you want to take an NSAID in relatively strong doses a few times a week long-term but can't establish safety, you might consider using a natural one with a long history of human use (e.g. [ginger](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20837112), [turmeric](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17569207), or extracts of either). 




 Salvia divinorum can be grown as a houseplant in most climates.  The most challenging part is obtaining cuttings and getting it established, as it can't be grown from seed.  It isn't legal everywhere, but even where illegal it's unlikely to ever be an issue; it just looks like a nice houseplant from the Salvia genus, of which there are many.

You may be skeptical if your only experience with the plant is from smoking or vaporization.  It has much greater depth and ease when used orally. 




 What garbage!  This article is just an excuse for advertisement, and is both ill-conceived and misleading. 




 Who cares?  The individual experience of performing guard labor isn't what this article is about; the implications of having a large part of an economy's labor force dedicated to guard labor are more important. 




 I'm not advocating for one over the other; it'd be a false dichotomy anyway, as they aren't mutually exclusive by necessity.  My point is that the ideals of science are good for doing science, but aren't necessarily good for all situations and purposes.  There are plenty of situations where something else is better, or where science is not the only useful perspective.

edit:  I am quite troubled by the role of religion in modern society.  It seems to encourage a lot of anti-rational, backwards thinking. 




 But analytic philosophy isn't based on tangible reality - its based in reason, which is intangible.  It is consistent over time and it can adapt to new information, though.  But it isn't always helpful!  I can imagine many situations that would be greatly worsened by the introduction of analytic philosophy, that could be improved by use of religious ideas.

Take, for example, a religious person with stress induced heart disease.  They believe that God created the universe, and reject evolution and science as hogwash.  They find comfort and relaxation in thinking about God and reading the Bible, and so on.  But they're deeply troubled by challenges to their faith - especially from atheistic disciplines like science and philosophy!  What's most important for this person is that they relax and not stress, as stress will worsen their disease state.

Would that person's situation be better served through rational discourse on science and philosophy?  Or could a religious counselor be of better help?  If the latter would be more helpful, doesn't that contradict your criteria for deciding what is helpful and what isn't? 




 What makes one helpful, and the other not? 




 You're too attached to the idea that science is the only valid approach to consider the logical foundations of that idea and their flaws.  Religion, here, is only an example to show errors in your reasoning.  You don't know whether I agree or disagree with you about any particular application of science or religion; I didn't claim that religion is better or worse for anything. I did attempt to show how your logic can go either way (and is therefore questionable).

It's no good for science when it becomes a dogma, a collection of other people's beliefs for you to accept or reject on the basis of ordinary thinking, without critical examination.  Science grew hand in hand with analytic philosophy for good reason - it *requires* rigorous logical examination to remain science. 




 Ha.  So instead of considering the possibility that your view may not be perfect, you've endorsed first-person, qualitative investigation by children as a form of science? 




 How do you know?

And...wait, who cares?  You're ignoring the point.  I could just as easily frame it like this:  you can't make spiritual decisions (like how to deal with troubling visions) on the basis of science - whose domain is physical - that would be chaos!

Same logic...the only difference is in which system is assumed to have dominion over the phenomenon in question. 




 Well, I can't say that I follow your reasoning about health and western thinking and so on.

Examples?  I suppose the easiest examples to make relevant are from religious worldviews.

How about some form of Buddhism?  There are many variations, but it's safe to say that none of them are science and some of them are rational, and some the rational variants have useful implications for people whose subjective experience of life is especially problematic.

Why not frame it in a Buddhist worldview, instead of a scientific one? 




 I've found the beverage resulting from this method to be quite enjoyable:

 * 3 - 6 tbsp powdered kava
 * .5 - 1 tbsp soy lecithin
 * ~1tbsp cocoa
 * ~1tsp (not tbsp) each cinnamon, cardamom
 * 12 oz water

I put all this in a blender, blend for 2 minutes, let stand for 2 minutes, and pour into a glass through a sieve (not cloth - just a metal sieve to get any coarse fiber).  I let that settle for a minute and drink.  I take care not to mix it up after the fact, and I don't drink the very end of the glass (which is largely fiber).

It tastes great and is reasonably strong.  I even find it enjoyable when warm.  Can be blended once more for a second round, but the third blending invariably yields nothing but fiber. 




 ruh roh  




 The question assumes a conceptual framework itself: one that includes professional mental health advice.  This makes it very challenging to answer without supporting your position.  It's not unlike asking whether I've stopped beating my spouse.  I can't answer that question without implying that I have beaten my spouse.

What about using any of the myriad systems of understanding human experience that aren't based in the last few hundred years of western thinking?  You could look at it so many ways.

Why frame it as mental health at all? 




 Huh.

When I was at university working towards my BS under a bunch of scientists, they had a different definition of science, and quite different ideas about the history of science and other conceptual frameworks.

Your science = evidence and replication, everything else = guessing dichotomy seems quite limited by comparison.

Too each their own, I guess. 




 Those are the only possibilities you can conceive of - science, or literally guessing?  So you believe that before ~65 years ago (around the time genuine scientific investigation of mental illness began), all anybody ever did about mental health was to literally guess? 




 Why? 




 Haha - where would I even begin?  I'm having a hard time imagining anything worth typing in reply to such brazen naivete, anything that could lead to rational discourse and mutual understanding.

Of course I wouldn't advise anybody to use cider vinegar to treat their schizophrenia.

However - it does seem absurd to me to believe that of all the myriad conceptual frameworks human beings have devised over the last few thousand years, there is only one which can serve as a rational basis for giving people advice.

Science is how we learn and understand things. Without some sort of scientific proof or research, we're just pissing into the wind hoping not to get wet. 

Do you really believe this?  If so, how do you decide (for example) what to do in relationships with others?  What would you do if a friend came to you and was very sad?  If you hugged them and said comforting things without first checking Pubmed for a double blind placebo controlled study on alleviating sadness in friends, would that be just pissing into the wind and hoping not to get wet?

And what about all the things you learned growing up about how to form relationships and care for others?  You didn't learn that stuff from science - you learned it by being with people, observing them, trying things out and getting feedback, thinking about it, and talking about it with others.  Is all of that understanding garbage, simply because its not from science?  Or, is it possible that some of that understanding is valuable, and could perhaps serve as a rational basis for giving advice? 




 Perhaps you have some insight into schizophrenia, and perhaps you don't, but it would be far more productive to make specific critiques of specific statements than to simply bombard your apparent opponent with rhetoric and insults.

Angry ranting from an assumed position of authority is not going to change minds on the internet... 




 It's rational to doubt a pharmaceutical company's research, but it's irrational to go to the other end of the spectrum and give out advice on things with no scientific basis whatsoever.

Why?  This statement seems to rely on an unspoken assumption that the only rational basis for giving advice (or at least, advice on this topic) is science. 




 Haha, thanks...but that isn't a source for those claims at all; it's an article in a chiropractic web magazine.  It has inline citations, but no list of references...all it tells us is that someone writing for a chiropractic web magazine believes those are true absorption rates.

edit:  here's a source showing that folic acid supplements are absorbed about the same in tablet or liquid form [pubmed](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22579722) 




 Do you have a source those absorption rates? 




 You don't chew it like normal gum.  You just crush it once or twice with your teeth (not difficult) and then tuck it between your cheek and teeth to be absorbed.  You could probably use the gum just fine and in my experience the gums are superior to lozenges.

You could even crush it with your hands and then put it in your mouth without chewing at all.  The nice thing about the gum is that you can modulate the rate of nicotine delivery by how much and how often you break it up, which isn't really possible with a hard lozenge. 




 GODOGDGHRFNEFEOFENIEKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKEKEKEKEKKEKEKEKEKEKEKFUCK 




 Sadly, I am not. :(  I would love this /r/nootropics if it were a parody of itself where people intentionally distort the limits of human knowledge on substances to suit their apparent desires for ironic comedic effect.

It amazes me how much dislike one can get on science oriented subs for advocating for the position that we know slightly less than some of us seem to believe.  Actual scientists believe very little; "science-oriented" internet posters believe whatever is convenient, often. 




  So the supplemented dosages of L-theanine used today are comparable to the amount of L-theanine a relatively heavy tea drinker **could** get.

She tried very hard to make it sound certain, but had the good sense not to make a ridiculous claim as L-theanine levels are usually closer to 0 than 50mg. 




 Really?

The first quote is about the safety profile of L-theanine being equivalent to that of water, which is obviously false although the post above this one implied it was true.

The second is about whether L-theanine has a long history of human use as a significant component of tea, which is unknown.

One thing can be known while another is not...please, if you're going to post, at least *try* to understand what you yourself are saying first. 




 A cup of tea can have anywhere between 0-50mg of L-theanine. People don't always just drink one cup of tea, they could easily drink several in one sitting. So the supplemented dosages of L-theanine used today are comparable to the amount of L-theanine a relatively heavy tea drinker could get.

Perhaps; as you say, it's unknown.  Heavy tea drinkers *may* consume similar doses of L-theanine to those commonly taken by supplement users, and they may not.

So we don't know whether L-theanine as a component of tea has a long history of human use at these doses.  It certainly doesn't have a long history of human use by itself.

If people are going to worry about things just because they're concentrated and isolated then virtually everything you buy in the store is suspect. That threshold for worry is just way too low for most people.

:/

To be honest, I find that point of view quite naive and irresponsible.  Scientists are constantly examining the safety of various natural product components - often long after they've been released and marketed as health supplements.  Many "natural" supplements have been found to have negative effects at some doses and in some combinations, usually after they've already penetrated the supplement market and been taken by thousands of people.

Perhaps most people can't be bothered to consider the safety of supplements they put in their bodies, but they probably *ought to*.

I use an evidence-based approach to decide what supplements to use and at what doses, because I understand where scientific knowledge comes from and know enough about physiology to have a healthy concern for chemicals with unknown safety profiles.

If you have a basic understanding of how to research supplements and distinguish good evidence from internet garbage, it really doesn't take much effort to learn whether a particular supplement use is likely safe.  Often a minute or two reading on webmd is sufficient. 




 I'm sorry, I don't think you understood any of my points.  I don't really understand yours, either; you didn't even bother to write intelligible English.  If MisterYouAreSoDumb knew his or her stuff, they would not make such ridiculous statements.  If you object to any specific statement I made, you ought to share your understanding of why I am wrong.

Spending time in car traffic is actually quite dangerous, and a person who drives daily is reasonably likely to suffer health consequences as a result.  But that does nothing to establish the safety of any particular supplement. 




 Really?  You're equating the history of human use of alcohol, caffeine, and L-theanine?

L-theanine has a long history of human use in low dosage as a component of tea, and an extremely short history of human use in higher doses as an isolated supplement.

Alcohol has a long history of human use across the entire usable dosage range, and a fairly long history of use in the most concentrated forms that are commonly available.

The date of the patent on L-theanine is only tangentially relevant; it does nothing to establish a history of use at specific dosages.  The fact that it's an amino acid does not alone establish safety of any particular daily dose.

...

Although many things are dangerous at a high enough dose, substances differ markedly in the ratio between an effective dose and a dangerous one.  Low doses of arsenic, lead, mercury, and so on are safe and well tolerated - yet these substances are not equivalent to water in their safety profile, and neither is L-theanine.

Come on.

MisterYouAreSoDumb's post is a compelling argument for **ignoring redditors who dismiss important questions about supplement safety**.

That his post is heavily upvoted, and the only objection yet posted is heavily downvoted strongly suggests that /r/nootropics is a bad place to ask advice about nootropics... 




 me, with ego death, to sort of analyze my shortcomings and things that I need to improve about myself

Well... no.  *You will actually die when this occurs.*  It's quite literal that way.  People are terrified by this and resist it very effectively, more often than not.

Ego death is not an experience that you can have; it's the end of you, for awhile anyway.  You will cease to arise.

The only parts you could seem to experience are the beginning and end of that death.

It could lead to some personal insight or growth afterwards, as you'll experience the reboot of you.  But there's no need to seek out your own death for personal growth; if you want that, you could just seek that when you trip. 




 Wakeupwill probably doesn't.  One genus of grasses has several species that contain DMT and related compounds, but I couldn't find any source suggesting that grasses in general contain them. 




 if the masses haven't dropped gmail and hotmail for more secure providers after snowden, they never will.

Meh.  You don't know that.

as far as peer to peer email and other hypothetical technology sure advances could be made and yeah it might even become extremely popular with gamers or activist or some other circle but it will be a cold day in hell before my auto mechanic asks me for my bit message address or asks me to exchange keys with her. never gonna happen.

Yeah, you don't know that either.  You just believe it strongly.  Before Gmail came out, would you have believed that a company would offer free unlimited email storage?  Of course not.

Why believe that you know what will happen next, when these things are so obviously unpredictable? 




 Very interesting conversation.  Thanks :)

 




 So what if you access nonduality. You still need the subconscious to be purged, for the root of ego to be uprooted, for psychological wholeness to occur. You still need to access the Divine via the Soul. You still need to access what lays just prior to Nondual conscious, and yes, there is something even prior to it.

Haha!  Who could ever access nonduality?

And if there is a need, who needs it? 




 You should learn to write in clear, straightforward English.  Most of the words in your posts can be cut with no loss in meaning.

Why not celebrate privilege?  Isn't privilege an expression of genetic fitness?

It seems obvious to me that privilege is less a product of genetics and more one of social structures and culture.

But if we suppose that it is a result of genetics, does that lead to the conclusion that it should be celebrated?  I don't see how it could.  Is there something inherently good about having genetics that lead you to dominate others? :/

I just don't see the connection. 




 Yes, of course Gmail would not implement that themselves; their business model is built on harvesting your private information.  But privacy oriented paid subscription email services have already done this.

I'm saying that complete email privacy through encryption could become a popular subscription service, and that encryption for data transfer from client to server is already ubiquitous.  We may even see peer to peer encrypted email systems arise and become extremely popular.  I see no reason to believe your claim that encryption will always be fringe; it's not fringe now, and more powerful applications of it are becoming *more* mainstream, not less. 




 [It's pretty bad for your lungs](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25401045).  You might consider eating it or using a vaporizer. 




 Make sense to me; perhaps there's a justification for direct action against police forces as a means of self defense on the class level, but to murder them seems utterly disproportionate and unnecessary.

Why go from self defense straight to murder? 




 My point is that if anybody knows the reality of the system, it would be Michael Browns parents and Eric Garners wife.

This makes no sense to me.  If anybody knows the reality of grieving for the sudden, violent death of a loved one, its those folks.  But I see no reason to believe that their views on systematic oppression by the state are any more nuanced than the typical views of working class Americans.

Odds are they are well-programmed drones, utterly ignorant of the realities of class oppression. 




 So what?  I don't base my views on the opinions of others, in particular - and I don't see any reason to place the family of police brutality victims on a pedestal, nor to view their opinions as a valid means for calibrating my own moral compass. 




  encryption as we know it today will never be embraced by the general public. it will always be a 'fringe' technology. 

I dunno, that seems pretty ignorant imo.  Anybody that uses Gmail uses encryption every time they check their email.  Encryption can be a seamless experience for the end user.  For simple encryption of data in transit implementation is simple.  But services like Gmail could also implement encryption so that the company never possesses cleartext data from their customers, and do so in a way that is seamless for the customer. 




 yay psilocybin :D 




 It'd be fairly straightforward to integrate the output of a btc client with financial or other record keeping software.  Beats physical inventory... 




 Well...I feel this comment obfuscates an important difference.  Paypal will take $0.40 to move a dollar; bitcoin only ~$0.20.  One of these systems is *better* for microtransactions, though not ideal. 




 Yeah - I've smoked a ton of weed and had plenty of respiratory complaints when I did.  Most longterm pot smokers I've known had obvious respiratory complications, smoker's coughs, etc. as well.

But I base my beliefs on things like this on scientific evidence - not a casual survey of reddit users.

Again, has a single person on here ever experienced lung irritation from smoking a lot of weed? I seriously doubt it. Do you know anyone who's had that problem? Probably not- that's because it very rarely happens. 

Well, that doesn't appear to be true.  In fact, study and study has shown that marijuana smokers have inflammation in their lungs and a substantially increased incidence of respiratory complaints that increases with frequency and severity of use.

Is it the same as in tobacco smokers?  No, probably not.  Is marijuana a wonder-drug that never harms anybody ever because of it's anti-inflammatory excellence?  No, it isn't.

The anti-inflammatory properties of cannabinoids are not sufficient to counteract the pro-inflammatory effects of marijuana smoke.  That fact has been clearly established in the scientific literature and is pretty well documented in the review I linked for you. 




 No, you didn't; none of those was a review and none of them advocated for the position that marijuana smoking isn't associated with substantial respiratory harm.  Most of what you linked isn't published scientific literature at all.  As I replied to you elsewhere in this thread, the first of your studies explicitly affirms the existing scientific consensus that marijuana smoking causes substantial respiratory harm.

Did you even read the things you linked?

The second is an opinion piece, not published in the scientific literature.  It references one large, long-term human subjects study, which found no cancer link.  It then references the first study you linked above, which actually *affirms* the scientific consensus you're arguing against as mentioned above.

After that they also affirm that consensus, although they frame it in a way that deceptively minimizes the harmful effects.  Then they talk about in vitro THC/cannabinoid cancer studies, which are irrelevant to the fact that marijuana smoking causes respiratory harm independent of carcinogenicity and have no direct relevance.

Finally, they suggest that switching to a vaporizer will lessen the known respiratory harm caused by marijuana smoking - and cite a study on marijuana smokers with lung problems switching to vaporizers.  Of the 20 smokers in that study, 12 improved when they quit smoking, and 8 worsened.  The authors conclude that more research is needed.

After that you link to a google search and a youtube video.  If you want to find out what the science says, look at the science.  Search pubmed.

Find us one study in the actual scientific literature that contradicts the established consensus.  I doubt there is a single one! 




 :'O 




 I'm guessing a lot of the replies in this thread are from Americans.  Cops fuck poor and none-white people up constantly here.  All police carry loaded firearms.  It's not like the UK.

I'd probably call the cops too if I were in the situation you described in the UK.  Not here though. 




 I've seen it used that way as well, but it's just about the worst slogan to express that idea.  It comes across as "all cops are bad people." 




 Those are fair points, but I feel they aren't relevant to the claim that marijuana smoking produces short and medium term negative effects on respiratory health that are comparable to the short and medium term negative effects that tobacco smoking has on respiratory health.

As the review I linked above helps to show, that particular finding is very well supported by a good number of well designed studies (e.g. good sample size, multiple reproductions finding the same effect, strong control of confounding variables).

What's not so clear is whether there's a lung cancer connection.  There may be; there may not be. Nobody knows yet. 




 Well, sure...I don't think any of the things you described are problematic, nor that there is any value in calling them "cultural appropriation."  It's more like...a normal process of culture evolving.  I think its very good. 

The only thing I take issue with at all, and think it'd be useful to have a word for, is the negligent misrepresentation of things taken from other cultures. 




 Show me one study that contradicts the finding that marijuana smoking produces short and medium-term harmful effects in the lungs that are comparable to the harmful effects of tobacco smoking.

[The review I linked above](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4226845/), which you replied to, cites about two dozen studies that support this finding. 




 Uh...are you reading the actual studies?  They contradict some of what you're saying.

From the first study linked: 

Prior studies of marijuana smokers have demonstrated consistent evidence of airway mucosal injury and inflammation as well as increased respiratory symptoms such as cough, phlegm production, and wheeze, similar to that seen in tobacco smokers

It seems that the authors of the study you linked believe that marijuana smoking is harmful to the lungs in a way that's comparable to tobacco in the short-medium term. 




 All that matters is how you relate to it.

I disagree.  There is meaning and value in maintaining an accurate account of what people at different times and places have believed and practiced.  Doing so does not inhibit people from adapting language to suit their purpose.

What I object to is the misrepresentation of a word being used in a novel way as being the same or similar to that word in some particular past meaning.  I see examples of this constantly in Americans who are interested in New Age woo-woo and various foreign religions; they learn a little bit about something, project their own thinking onto it, figure they get it, and proceed to talk about what the Buddha said or whatever.

It's this kind of contagious ignorance - and its accompanying obfuscation of the host culture from which the word was borrowed - that I object to.  I'm suggesting that this sort of thing might reasonably be referred to as cultural appropriation.

Declaring that "Something" means "Only This" is inherently false because your definition of it is only one possible way to perceive it.

But I never said anything like that, and never would.  To impose such an extreme restriction on language would betray a profound ignorance of what language is. 




 ...

I cited a review paper - it isn't a study at all.  And it makes an excellent case - it references and briefly summarizes several dozen studies, many of which looked at fairly large groups of marijuana smokers and found them to have serious respiratory problems at rates similar to tobacco smokers.

That paper is filled with references to a body of scientific evidence that, taken as a whole, establishes beyond any rational doubt that habitual marijuana smoking has a negative impact on respiratory health that is comparable to that of habitual tobacco smoking.

And it's not as though I cherry-picked it - I could not find another review advocating for the position that marijuana *isn't* associated with substantial respiratory harm, as that position is untenable.  What better case could I make? 




 Hmm...I think there may be some validity to the concept, though I see what you mean and agree in some sense.

But using the example of dreadlocks... Hopeium framed the example as a person from outside a group adopting a style used by that group for *aesthetics only*.

But what about an outsider adopting the aesthetics, and also claiming to adopt the deeper meaning *while parading their own, bastardized version of that meaning?*  There is something very ignorant about that, which I would object to as well if it were done with something from my culture.

It reminds me of people who dabble in "eastern spirituality."  They may speak at length and with confidence about the nature of reality, using a vocabulary borrowed from a half dozen religions whose cultural context they have no real knowledge of.  It leads to these bizarre misunderstandings about what any particular eastern religion *actually was or is*.

So, I think there is a harmful way to go about adopting things from other cultures, and perhaps some valid use of the term "cultural appropriation." 




 Well...I see it as a mixed thing, but leaning towards a step forward.  But I agree with most of what you said.

I just value the side effect more, and think it will be very significant.  It seems to me that cannabis has a quality of bringing people into their bodies, their feelings and sensations, and interrupting the grip of mind and understanding.  Not in every person at every moment, but in general I see this trend across the many people I've known who use it.

I think that quality of cannabis could have a very positive balancing effect in our culture.  People these days just don't seem very in tune with their feelings, their bodies, their surroundings.  Our country could benefit a cannabis induced perspective shift. 




 We might also need an alternate universe, as plenty of research has already been done and it directly contradicts hashmon's post. 




 [It's unhealthy](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4226845/) 




 This is far off topic but I just have to point out...

[You're wrong](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25401045): there is more than enough scientific evidence to conclude quite firmly that smoking cannabis produces respiratory problems.  Whether it causes lung cancer is still unclear, but it otherwise damages the lungs in approximately the same way as smoking tobacco.

You don't even have to accept the author's analysis linked above; that review offers several citations from well designed studies that assessed the short   medium-term effects of marijuana smoking   tobacco smoking independently and found them to be quite similar. [free full text too](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4226845/) 




 Different plant feels?  Deadly nightshade vs cannabis 




  If the point is that you can't blame people for not knowing what will be

My point is more that we don't know.  You don't know; I don't know.  It's possible that things will turn out similarly to the way you've imagined in this thread; it's possible that things will turn out similarly to the way I've imagined in this thread.  It's probable that in hindsight, it'd look as though neither of us had a clue.

I wrote what I wrote not because I think X is true and just have to tell everybody; I wrote it because I saw perspectives expressed with a fair degree of certainty that couldn't accommodate what seems like a reasonably likely outcome to me.
 




 You have bigger problems, my friend - problems extracting hydrocodone from Vicodin could never solve.

Seriously though, you've got to put in a little more effort to get good answers out of the internet.  There are at least a dozen recreational drugs that a technique called "cold water extraction" might reasonably be applied to.

edit:  [hey look, I found a solution for you!](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=vicodin+cold+water+extraction)   




 Eh...I think it'd be worth your time to find a friend with a scale and weigh it, they look well short of an 1/8 if I'm looking at it right.

You'll be better off weighing to split the dose as well; you really can't eyeball that accurately unless you put them through a grinder first.

Also /r/darknetmarkets is a great place to go if your local sources are a bad deal ($40 / eight is a bad deal, you could easily get that for $20). 




 Yea, but from the context this is almost certainly correct.  Where ng/ml comes up as a measurement of drugs in human beings, it's almost always a volumetric measurement of unfractionated blood. 




 I dunno...I don't see drugs being a solution to this problem at all.  Only way I could see drugs solving this is if you tried running on a psychedelic or perhaps MDMA and thereby found a way to connect with running in a new way and dissolve boredom.

But you could just as well do that without drugs. :P 




 Pretty much, yeah.  THC evaporates at a lower temperature. 




 Ask a friend to do it for you. 




 You probably won't have much luck unless you get off the antipsychotics first - though there is some variation between them, some block the effects of psychedelic drugs.

Once you've got yourself doing well enough to remove the mind-crippling drugs from the equation, I imagine some psychedelic exploration could be very healing.  Especially if you can find a trusted friend or two to explore with. 3 




 Well...I resonate with most of what you said.

But on the whole, I don't believe small businesses have an advantage in this shift.  At present, automated robotic systems are used on a massive scale in many industries - and most of this use is by massive corporations, like automobile manufacturers.  These corporations have a great deal of resources devoted to developing and anticipating new technologies that are relevant to labor automation.  They also have scale, which will generally make it *less* expensive to adjust their practices, not more (e.g. they can buy 1000 robowidgets for $18,000 each instead of 10 for $26,000 each; if they incur a loss while switching, they're more likely to have the savings to absorb it).

I agree with everything you said about consumer technology products getting cheaper faster than expected.  But that doesn't address *how most people will receive income*.

Similarly, while economies and careers have gradually shifted over the last few thousand years, there have also been periods of rapid, even sudden change.  There are things about this time period that suggest a sudden change is coming.  It doesn't necessarily have to be a good change, and it doesn't necessarily have to follow any prior pattern.

This makes me think of the people who lived just before the Industrial Revolution, perhaps just after the invention of the steam engine.  Could they have expected what came next?  It seems to me that by your reasoning, they should have figured that things would carry on about as they had for the last few thousand years - perhaps with greater efficiency and scale.  It's unlikely that many people could have imagined the drastic changes to society that would soon come.

We could be in a period just like that, in which the drastic transformation society is about to undergo is strangely beyond our imagination, but will seem obvious and kind of boring to high school history students in a few generations. 




 This is a good approach.  Asking a friend to mediate sales repeatedly with no compensation isn't any good.  Half the difference is quite generous if your friend can pick up without much hassle. 




 I find this topic intriguing, and enjoyed the article...but I hate to see an article state so many things as fact that are absolutely not supported by evidence.

I'd love to see it rewritten with inline citations for those claims that have support, and all unsupported claims removed or reworked as potential avenues for future exploration. 




 Hmm...I dunno about this.

You say that people in general would have more discretionary money, because (I think) the goods they buy are now being produced cheaply without human labor.  But before the reduction in human labor use can lead to cheap goods, a large proportion of the population have to be laid off as their careers cease to exist.  The goods might be cheap, but anybody whose primary revenue stream came from providing that labor is unlikely to have extra discretionary money.

Your second point seems more viable and interesting to me - new automation technology could be inexpensive enough that small businesses or even working class individuals could reasonably acquire it.  Perhaps this will be a revolution for capitalism - a technologically driven decentralization of the means of production.

What if I could buy an adaptive, general-purpose autonomous robot for $1200, that could repair my car, build me a house, maintain a year-round vegetable garden, and run my small business selling unique knick-knacks on ebay for me?  That could be a real game-changer.  




 Yes - there are actually studies examining this, as many scientists have also noticed the limited generalizability of studies in stressed, isolated animals far removed from their natural environment mainlining coke in high doses.

My strongest takeaway from drug addiction literature was that it's very easy to become hopelessly addicted to opiates, gaba drugs, and stimulants if you use them several times a week or while in a dark period of your life. 




 German

Also sadism is close, but different.  A sadist enjoys inflicting pain on others; shadenfreude is happiness that comes from learning of others' misery, without necessarily inflicting it oneself. 




 Those are interesting ideas, but I have a hard time believing that they're a realistic alternative to an economy where human labor is a necessary, substantial component of most major industries' production.

How much income will people have when most peoples' primary revenue stream comes from selling non-essential knick-knacks to other people whose primary revenue stream is also to sell non-essential knick-knacks, while all the worlds' major corporations own massive robot armies that can produce whatever they like (including said knick-knacks)?

At present, artists, musicians, and craftspeople are a vanishingly small part of the economy.  It doesn't seem realistic to believe that this sector of the economy will somehow flourish while almost all necessary human labor is replaced with robots and AI. 




 I dunno; it has implications for the future, though.  As automated labor (today, AI   robotics) improves, demand for human labor decreases.  Automated labor has been improving for a long time and will continue to. 




 If they're all underpaying their workers, another land owner could reap the profits by offering them all higher wages. 

If this were true without qualification, wages would approach infinity. :P

In fact, it is only true while there is a shortage of labor.  If there is enough labor to meet demand at a fixed low price, then no landowner would have a strong incentive to offer a higher price, and the low price would remain. 




 I wouldn't, no.  We could debate that, I suppose, but it's not the question at hand; I'm trying to learn whether sexbeast420 has any foundation for their claims about the worst case scenario for primitive accumulation.

I mention the industrial revolution because it has implications for sexbeast420's casual valuations of workers' labor.  Physical labor had relatively more value before the industrial revolution than after, because so much of it was needed to accomplish anything. 




 Well, I dunno about that.  It seems to me that the vast majority of worker's labor today is worth so little that they couldn't become self sufficient if they lived for 300 years.

The industrial revolution happened between now and the times of widespread subsistence farming being used as examples in this thread.  Physical labor is not worth anything near what it was then.

Do you have any concrete reason to believe that labor would be so valuable under an alternate capitalist system? 




 No, it can't; wards don't cost 4k gold.  Because wards are cheaper than gem and comparable to sentries, there is a healthy back and forth between wards   true sight in the game. 




 /r/darknetmarkets 




 No worker's value is so low that they couldn't even earn any capital,

and once they start earning capital, they'd eventually be able to get some land and begin working for themselves

How is this a certainty?  Couldn't workers' earnings be so low that it would take more than a lifetime to earn enough to become self-sufficient? 




 Yeah.. if that.  I see this as just another way of looking at things.  If you believe in a universe with things in it that are made up of other things, then yeah, I guess we just move the pieces.  But such beliefs aren't supported by scientific consensus; it's hard to imagine anything that could establish an atomic view of reality as "truth."

Just a point of view. 




 I don't see much value in psychologists studying spirituality or spiritual phenomena; they simply don't have effective tools to apply to such things.

There are some use cases for psychedelic drugs that could be studied by psychologists (along with scientists from other disciplines, like pharmacology) to great effect.  MAPS's work with MDMA-assisted psychotherapy is, in my view, a great example of effective psychedelic research conducted by psychologists (and others).

That kind of research could be extremely beneficial, because it could lead to widespread adoption of new, effective psychedelic-assisted therapy modalities.

But as far as basic research into the nature of spiritual phenomena - psychology has little to offer.  They can have you take a survey about your experience, or maybe track or eye moments or blood pressure while you meditate, or whatever.  But who cares.

Neurobiologists and cognitive neurscientists may have a great deal to offer to basic research into the nature of these things, though.  Their results could lead to new drug targets, a better understanding of how psychedelics and spontaneously arising spiritual experiences relate, etc. - because they have the tools to actually investigate the mechanisms of experience directly. 




 Thanks for the reminder.  Some police brutality news is relevant, but there's no need to fill this sub with it. 




 Haha!  Incorrectly.  I took the area as diameter, like a fool.  Same numbers as hyperben edited in above.  
 




 I ~~compared the areas~~ done goofed.

~~The spawn aoe increases by ~48.6%, and the aoe of an individual explosion increases by ~44%.  I'd call that a negligible difference; the spell should hit just as reliably inside the larger aoe.~~

~~Another way of looking at it:  in the old version of the spell, each explosion took up ~53% of the spell's aoe.  In the new version, each explosion will take up ~51.6% of the spell's aoe.~~ 




 so you're probably **right**.

 Oppression! :O 




 I believe that I agree: like every other spirituality whatever, it is another belief system.  There is no perfect set of ideas that transcends idea-ness.

Maybe I'll never get there 

Get where?  Get what?  If you could get it, wouldn't it be like any other thing - a passing experience?

I want to know what's true, and I want to tune into the source (or whatever you want to call it

It seems to me that knowledge is always a part of the conceptual system, always in some gross or subtle way another object of mind.  An abstraction; an idea.  An observer to interact with it.

But as for tuning in to [the Noun]: it is only an idea, which takes the appearance of something profound while being itself another fleeting appearance of some object of mind.  There is no [Noun] that isn't an object of mind.

Well, there's my belief system in short.  It seems to me that every spiritual person I've ever met that's really engaged with it spends most of their days worshiping metaphors, with varying degrees of subtlety and grace.  Buddhists, yogis, new-agers, and so on; I have met very few who aren't playing some path game, with brief gaps where it falls away.  I only keep a belief system for the purpose of housekeeping; it's a reminder for when I've gone off believing in some ridiculous story told by the shadow of old habits.

Cheers. :) 




 That said, people have been taking quite large oral doses of b12 for years now, apparently without any substantiated reports of ill effects (I couldn't find any).

Apparently there are known, serious adverse effects from inappropriate or excessive injections of b12.  It wouldn't be surprising to me if some ill effects of excessive oral doses of b12 became apparent soon in certain populations.

There are plenty of multivitamins on the market with a simple %100 DV dose of b12 and other b vitamins for anybody who's concerned about overdoing it. 




 It's normal for the color of your poop to change with your diet.  If you're concerned, switch back for a day and observe your poop that day and the next to see if it reverts to its former rich chocolate tone.

There's no need to see a doctor just because the color of your poop changed when the color of the food you eat changed.  I wonder whether some folks in this thread know where poop comes from (hint: it's food!). 




 Water soluble vitamins are not a free pass at massive over-supplementation; there are plenty of documented instances of [negative effects caused by excessive supplementation of water-soluble vitamins](http://www.drweil.com/drw/u/QAA50582/can-too-much-vitamin-B-cause-problems.html) (link gives a few examples). 




 Agreed.  Nutmeg is an interesting drug, but I see few similarities between it and classical psychedelics like LSD and mushrooms.  I don't believe it has much value as an entheogen.

I feel compelled to add that when I've taken enough nutmeg to induce a powerful experience, the interesting   desirable effects have always been accompanied with intense drymouth, confusion, and histamine-like sedation. 




 Mmm...I see what you mean, but I object to the language of it.  I see no value in obfuscating the space between wholly political and wholly insurrectionist events with black and white thinking.  Events can have qualities of both.

Your example of ELF attacks makes a strong point, though - there are ways of going about direct action that the media wants nothing to do with, that can't effectively spun.  ELF is effective at harming capital holders who harm the environment, and there's no way for media to spin a story to serve their narrative.  Publicity for ELF is just plain dangerous.

But the riots now aren't just spin material, either; publicity for them has its own danger.  What if they started growing?  What if they continued indefinitely?  Media would want to pretend they didn't exist - but it would be too late.  You can't just pretend all is well and there's nothing to see here a 3500 strong riot is burning down storefronts in Manhattan.  You can when ELF bombs a housing development; it just doesn't effect that many people directly. 




 How is it even somewhat outside the realm of politics when the base foundation is inherently political?

For the same reasons I said: it has practical effects outside the political realm.  It damages the assets of multinational corporations.  It wears on the human capital of police forces (e.g. by accelerating burnout   encouraging retirement).  It increases the cost of violent oppression by government bodies (e.g. overtime   hazard pay).

You say that the ongoing riots are not wearing down on the system, but I don't see how that can be true.  Is the system vast, deep, strong, and many layered?  Yes.  Are riots destroying it?  No.  Are they visibly taxing parts of its infrastructure?  Absolutely.

These are not political results; they're practical results.  They could be celebrated as small victories by those who want to dismantle the system.  The motivation that led to rioting doesn't define the nature of their results.

I don't claim that this is an insurrection; it obviously isn't.  But I wouldn't be at all surprised if it went down in history as the beginning of one. 




 I see what you mean, but the continuous, consistently disruptive demonstrations that have occurred over the last few weeks seem like something more than what you describe.  These demos, in particular those that shut down infrastructure and target corporate property, are having a strong effect outside the stage of politics.

This shit costs money.  It costs human capital.  It disrupts the veil of ignorance that our corporate / government overlords perpetually maintain over the eyes of the people.  It forces mistakes on the part of those who enforce oppression.

The continued violence is wearing on the system.  It's not an insurrection, but it could reasonably be characterized as laying the ground for one in a way that goes well beyond politics. 




 Excellent read - thank you!  :) 
























 Could be a failure of the imagination... 




 IN THE GAMEEEEEEEEEE 




 Dragon Knight's stun is the worst scaling stun *in the game*!

Dragon Knight's stun is the worst scaling stun.

I know many of you would prefer the first - but consider why.  The phrase "in the game" is constantly used to express emphasis, often as part of a hyperbolic rant about how much a hero sucks or is OP.  What's really meant is something more like

Dragon Knight's stun is by far the worst scaling stun; it fucking sucks.

Consider this: all of the mechanics we will ever discuss are, in fact, in the game.  That phrase adds no coherent meaning to the sentence, and is only included for emphasis or dramatic effect.

This might be fine if it were a rare occurrence, as it once was - an occasional cry of emphasis from casters.

But now, the community seems to have such a limited collective vocabulary (or is so intensely hypnotized by fluff casting diction) that there is hardly a thread that doesn't invoke this idiom at least once.

And so, from just outside, the community begins to look like a collection of underage hyperbolic cunts with no awareness of the vast and diverse array of adjectives just begging for use as emphasis in some inane diatribe about Lina's shit attack animation or whatever.

So uh...please use real words instead. 

Cheers. 




 What is the dose? 

 




 I don't see why not.  Composting works better... 









 So far, none of this conversation has been quantitative except my $.35 btc.

In economics, supply and demand are often represented as functions of price.  This is where the common visual of supply and demand curves intersecting comes from.  Supply at various prices and demand at various prices are plotted in one coordinate plane; the intersection point is a theoretical equilibrium, a price at which the two should be equal.

Perhaps in the future, bitcoin will be supremely useful, but only a tiny amount of coin will be needed to make complete use of it.

In this future, one would expect an equilibrium price to be quite low relative to a future in which bitcoin's utility was as a direct currency instrument.  You could call this "low-demand," though I think it would be better to think of it in terms of price.  People might buy it all the time!  But it would not cost much. 




 If you believe that an idea about supply and demand contradicts the possibility of bitcoin being profoundly useful for everyday transactions and also dirt cheap, then we probably disagree about supply and demand.  I'm quite comfortable with that. :P 




 Did you read the OP?  It seems like a reasonable assessment to me:

The explanations is and has always been simple. The REAL price of bitcoin was never so high yet, and it's is better for everyone to have a properly priced asset and not an over inflated bubble. Maybe current correct price is under $200, like it or not, but that alone doesn't remove the huge potential for bitcoin. 




 Such profundity! 




 Bitcoin is entirely unique by being the first time anyone has been able to directly invest in a technology.

Perhaps that is true, and means something, but I don't see how it has any relevance to what I've said above.

What is Bitcoin worth if it makes the internet 10x valuable as it is currently?  Well, nobody knows.  I think that's one of the main points of the OP.

Perhaps the next phase of bitcoin is to become so profoundly useful for everyday transactions that it transforms life as we know it and we reach a singularity hive mind consciousness that explodes the fucking galaxy into a cosmic mindfuck jism explosion of funkadelic sex magic, while also being worth about 35 cents apiece.

In that case, it would have been a pretty shit investment despite all its utility, as in this scenario the utility of bitcoin for any particular person is independent of the magnitude of that person's bitcoin holdings. 




 Very interesting...

The trolls worked in teams of three. The first one would leave a complaint about some problem or other, or simply post a link, then the other two would wade in, using links to articles on Kremlin-friendly websites and comedy photographs lampooning western or Ukrainian leaders with abusive captions.

Marat shared six of his technical task sheets from his time in the office with the Guardian. Each of them has a news line, some information about it, and a conclusion that the commenters should reach. One is on Putin offering his condolences to President Franois Hollande after the Charlie Hebdo shootings in Paris.

Vladimir Putin contacted the French leader immediately, despite the bad relations between Russia and the west, reads the section explaining the conclusion the troll posts should reach. The Russian leader has always stood against aggression and terrorism in general. Thanks to the presidents initiatives, the number of terrorist acts inside Russia has decreased dramatically. 




 This seems like a good argument to change OP's view.  College education can be made free without inviting everybody to enroll, or stay in school if they're already there.  We could make admissions requirements higher and raise the minimum GPA to avoid expulsion. 




  Supply of Bitcoin is decreasing while users are increasing. Who's selling? Who really knows? Probably the miners paying for their bills. Next year when the supply of BTC halves that may be just enough to get the swing going back to Bull.

What are you talking about?  By your language, it sounds like you're equating creation rate with supply.  Is that right? 




 The two categories are not mutually exclusive. 




 The supply is decreasing?

Are you sure you're not thinking of the rate of bitcoin creation?

edit:  I also took an econ course or two in school.  It is not so simple and straightforward to apply elegant quantitative laws of supply and demand to real life.  In that context, you do not actually know the supply, demand, or even the price of Bitcoin with precision.  Economics, like science, is math.  If you can say it in English without referring to a chart full of numbers, it's not economics.  It's not science. 




 That is not a good summary of the findings at all.  Also, the parts you quoted above are actually part of their introduction; the authors are referencing prior work in those sentences, not the work being reported.

The relevant bit is actually

Results demonstrated a duration- and dose-dependent reduction in cell viability with each cannabinoid and suggested that THC-BDS was more efficacious than THC-P, whereas, conversely, CBD-P was more efficacious than CBD-BDS.

and then 

Similarly, pretreating cells with THC-P and CBD-P together for 4 hours before irradiation increased their radiosensitivity when compared with pretreating with either of the cannabinoids individually. The increase in radiosensitivity was associated with an increase in markers of autophagy and apoptosis. 




 Yes, those are all fair points.

I find this interesting, in particular:

5-10 years down the line Bitcoin could be a million a coin. Or it could be zero. Who knows.

My understanding is that there are many commodities that offer a much more predictable return.  There are also many other potential tech investments with an uncertain fate.

If your goal is profit, investing heavily in Bitcoin makes little sense.  Bitcoin is not special in this regard; it is a risky investment that has its place, but should not be expected to pay off huge just because it possibly could. 




 That is an interesting point of view, but it is irrelevant to this particular conversation.  Vlarocca was talking about investments, and I am curious about Vlarocca's reasons for investing as they seem to believe there is some compelling reason to expect a high return. 




  hey found that cannabis in combination with chemo yields better results (generally) compared to chemo alone.

You misrepresented the study as only investigating the combination, and were arrogant about it.  You were wrong; the study specifically tested both the combination and cannabinoids alone.  Doesn't that bother you? 




 The fact that it did is compelling reason enough to believe it will again.

If this were true, then all commodities whose price ever rose substantially and then fell should exhibit infinite cycles of substantial growth and decay.

But they don't... :/ 




 You seem to have misread the study's abstract, which contradicts what you've said.  According to the scientists themselves, this study tested whether specific cannabinoids inhibited glioma growth with and without radiotherapy, and found them to be effective in both conditions.

 Cannabinoids have been shown to specifically inhibit glioma growth as well as neutralize oncogenic processes such as angiogenesis. In an attempt to improve treatment outcome, we have investigated the effect of 9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD) both alone and in combination with radiotherapy in a number of glioma cell lines (T98G, U87MG, and GL261). Cannabinoids were used in two forms, pure (P) and as a botanical drug substance (BDS). Results demonstrated a duration- and dose-dependent reduction in cell viability with each cannabinoid and suggested that THC-BDS was more efficacious than THC-P, whereas, conversely, CBD-P was more efficacious than CBD-BDS.

Then:

Similarly, pretreating cells with THC-P and CBD-P together for 4 hours before irradiation increased their radiosensitivity when compared with pretreating with either of the cannabinoids individually. 

**You should do your homework before pontificating on the errors of others.  You were wrong; they were not.** 




 I have lost money on my bitcoin investments. I will continue to buy faithfully. Bitcoin will go through strange changes, still I am excited for it's future and believe it will succeed.

What do you mean by success, though?  If you keep buying because you believe that you will profit in the end when BTC inevitably rises in price, then you are not a wise investor; there is no compelling reason to believe it will rise substantially again.

It seems to me that OP's most important insight above is that success for bitcoin does not necessarily require a high USD value. 




 You should not combine amphetamine (Adderall) with an MAOI because of the potential for physical harm from the interaction.

Combining low dose amphetamine with LSD should be fine if you're used to the dose. 




 This image is being reposted a lot lately.  I don't see how it contributes to discussion here. 




 That is not necessarily true.  The law you quoted was not made to be interpreted on Reddit, nor to be left open to interpretation as you have just done.  It is not as simple as it might seem.

There are many ways in which the actions Edward Snowden took in releasing classified information may not satisfy the conditions in the law you quoted.  Perhaps because he gave the information to American journalists, it cannot be said that he furnished it to an enemy.  Perhaps it cannot be shown that the information released has any tendency to weaken the power of the United States to attack or resist its enemies.  Perhaps there is important context not in the words quoted (hint: there always is) that could disqualify his actions from applying.  Etc.
 




 That hardly seems like a fair assessment; he's been quite consistent, honest, and straightforward so far as a senator, and has often voted against party lines. 




 All people's fingerprints are unique; no two people have exactly the same fingerprints. However, Leo's fingerprints contain the Mona Lisa on them. Therefore, Leo's fingerprints are ______.

What is the most correct English way to describe how Leo's fingerprints go "above and beyond" the normal level of uniqueness associated with human fingerprints.

Such a person's fingerprints are no more or less unique than any other fingerprint - all fingerprints are unique in exactly the same was as each other.  They are either unique, or they are not.  There is no problem.

It is like the number 5.  I either have 5 digits on each hand, or I don't.  It doesn't matter how incredible the fingers on my left hand are; they are either 5 in number, or they are not.

What you are probably looking for is a word describe how peculiar, unusual, distinctive, or remarkable this person's fingerprints are.  "Very unique" does not accomplish any of these ends.

The same problem affects phrases like "very pregnant." English does not have an easy way to compare someone who is 3 months pregnant vs. 6 months pregnant vs. 8 months pregnant.

Sure it does!

"She is pregnant." 

"Oh really?  How pregnant?"

"6 months pregnant!" 




 I have noticed the GMO downvote/flame phenomenon and found it surprising.

If I had a large stake in a product whose adoption depended, in part, on the views of educated 20-35 year olds, I would devote some resources to influencing views on Reddit.  It makes sense that companies like Monsanto would, too.  It would be very inexpensive and easy to do.  You could even do it with a small botnet and a simple AI that creates new accounts, browses Reddit making generic posts here and there, and frequents science subreddits to downvote anti-GMO posts.  It wouldn't have to be perfect, but just good enough to have a net pro-GMO effect.

Come to think of it, there are probably systems like this already acting on many different issues where stakeholders exist who have access to strong IT resources.

I don't necessarily disagree with your assessment of Monsanto activity on Reddit, except that I do not believe I *know* what is happening.  I was hoping you would share some evidence (e.g. a link to a fairly transparent shill post). 




 Well that's all true, but hardly relevant.  Rodney King was beaten by LAPD almost 25 years ago.  Few would argue that police brutality in the United States has improved in that time, yet nobody can deny the awe-inspiring growth of technology over the same period. 




 Prohibition has delayed the growth of scientific knowledge and public understanding for a long time, but at this point it doesn't seem to matter nearly so much.  There is a great deal of research happening now.  In some ways, we have a better understanding of cannabis as a whole plant drug than we do of tobacco (where research is mostly about isolated nicotine). 




 Well, those are very extreme statements.  Information technology has empowered ordinary people in privileged countries to create and distribute media, and this has led to some change in people's views and increased awareness of some issues.

But neither of those things is as extreme as you state - plenty of people were aware of police brutality before Facebook and smartphones existed.

But there is no evidence that I've been able to find that police brutality has decreased in the United States due to these changes.  I do not see how a modest change in awareness and public opinion is evidence that society's progress is matching that of technology. 




 I think reasonable people could disagree about most of what you just said.

You cite social networking and videos of police brutality as evidence of social progress.  To me, these things both seem like clear evidence of how sick our society is. 




 Wow.  That's a really interesting take on how augmented reality could play out. 




 They look fine man, don't worry.   But 1.3 grams won't get you very far. :P 




 cheers 3 




 Sounds like you vaped pretty fucking hard before you typed that sentence. :P  I have no idea what you're saying, but it sounds like you don't understand that there is no conceivable health risk from the copper in this device except through drinking acidic bong water repeatedly.

OP established that very clearly.  There are no copper fumes coming from the device. 




 So you have nothing behind it.  I could just as well say later that I encountered a paid shill whose job it is to make people who support Monsanto look like paid shills.

You're undermining the position you claim to support by making such obviously unsubstantiated claims. 




 I'll still try to minimize any health-concerning weak points I see when it comes to the colorful spectrum of things that go inside me.

If that's true, then you should use a vaporizer before concerning yourself with a little copper in your bong water.  Whatever tiny amount of copper that you might ingest from the bong water that may have trace amounts of leeched copper in it is benign compared to the relatively large quantities of known carcinogens in the smoke.

  You eat copper every day, you know - if you didn't, you'd get sick.  It's food. 




 Perhaps it's actually quite common, but stoners are, as a group, very slow to change their views. 




 The pH of the water doesn't matter anyway, unless you plan to drink it.  If copper leaches into your bong water, you'll have copper laden bong water.  So what? 




 Copper also has low toxicity. 




 Oh yeah, no worries.

If you verify that it is fully dissolved and agitate the pan before introducing the blotter, then yes - you can safely assume that the LSD is evenly distributed. 




 Yeah.  By measuring an amount of LSD into a volume of fluid (e.g. alcohol) that you know can be absorbed by a sheet of blotter, and then laying the blotter in a pan of that fluid, you can have precisely measured doses with minimal variation between them.

Dropping LSD on individual squares is rare, and introduces far more error into the process. 




 The only reason to think it wouldn't be is if you see signs that the tabs have had LSD solution dropped on them with a dropper.  This would mean that your LSD was laid on blotter by an amateur; LSD is properly laid on blotter whole sheets at a time, usually in flat pans.  

In all my years of taking LSD, I only ever saw this problem once. 




 Well, I'd like to think he has a better reason than that.  Maybe he'll surprise you? 




 Ugh.  All this mancentric language really turns me off.  Why talk in such a backward way? 




 It is a bit ridiculous.  But the power of self-interested corporations to skew the availability of scientific evidence is not trivial.

Science follows money; if you don't have funding, you can't do research, and you can't make a living as a scientist.  Because large corporations will pay for work that makes their products look good, and will not pay for work that makes their products look bad, these corporations do exert an influence over the relative availability of research into various questions.  Corporate funding for science rivals that of governments, and is a major force in the scientific community.

This isn't necessarily bad, but it is one form of bias that exists in the literature.  This is one reason why it is important not to weigh the existence or lack of evidence too strongly when reviewing evidence for or against a particular point of view.  There are plenty of bad ideas that have yet to be refuted, and plenty of good ideas that nobody has yet investigated. 




 Come on...if you're going to make a claim like that, you should provide examples.  Anybody can say that; why should anybody believe you? 




 No anti-LE posts will be tolerated, posting something that even remotely resembles anti-LE, baiting an LE poster or "poking the bear" you will be banned, this is your only warning.

Ask law enforcement - for all those questions you've always wanted to ask a cop, as long as those questions make us look good. 




 Rest in peace in peace? :/ 




 Also some kind of multitap delay, or a series of long feedback few hundred ms ish delays, and some kind of relatively fast (1hz ish) modulation on the reverb  




 Makes sense to me too.  I think it's important for the psychedelic community (in the broadest sense of that term) to continually explore potential harm from psychedelics and how to care for and prevent it. 




 Well...I guess there are a couple of assumptions there.  One is that these stories are approximately true (I can't comment, never having seen such a story), and the other is that the causal attribution made is accurate (that psychedelics caused the troubles).

Those seem like fairly large assumptions to me.  If psychedelics actually permanently fucked people up, I'd expect to at least be able to find a case study or two on pubmed.. 




 I'm going to be honest, here. I love the header image, I think it's an awesome piece of art. That being said, to the average person, it is a bit... scary. Does that makes sense?

Yup.  It's a very dark image, and to be honest I never liked it; I don't believe it communicates the intended vibe of the sub.

Perhaps it would be good for those active on the sub to discuss what feelings and ideas they'd like to communicate to newcomers at first glance; the header is a powerful part of seeing a new sub for the first time, and it could be used more effectively.

Unless the consensus is that this sub is about darkly trippy third eye new age duders :P 




 Seldom will anyone in these circles admit that the drugs they do ARE dangerous and that they DO fuck people up (sometimes permanently). They can be psychologically devastating.

Well...I was with you for most of this, but I feel that you've gone well beyond established fact with these statements.

What evidence is there that psychedelic drugs have permanently fucked anybody up? 




 No, it wasn't.  He didn't say "look here's a study showing why psylocybin in particular will probably produce a nasty withdrawal."  He said 

psilocybin affects the levels at least three known neurotransmitters (and probably a host of unknown ones) that can be adversely affected following a withdrawal

and therefore

Abruptly stopping a microdosing regimen of psilocybin will almost certainly have ill effects.

That conclusion can't possibly follow from the argument, as all kinds of substances that affect those neurotransmitters *do not* produce withdrawal at arbitrarily low doses.  And it is not specific to psilocybin: it is a general assertion about any substance that affects those neurotransmitters.

What you consider yourself is not relevant; if you can't comprehend such a simple line of reasoning, you are either very naive or you do not value reason enough to have learned how to use it effectively. 




 Rude... 




 His argument was not specific to psilocybin.  He claimed that any substance that altered levels of neurotransmitters would produce a negative withdrawal if taken regularly.

No evidence has been provided to support that idea so far.

edit:  I guess this is an anti-intellectual sub. :/  Disappointing. 




 The same way history is written: by whoever wins. 




 I am not misrepresenting his argument.  He is claiming that any substance that alters neurotransmitters will produce negative withdrawal effects if taken regularly and then quit.  I pointed out one instance in which his argument produces a false conclusion.

That is not a straw-man argument.  A straw man would be if I created a new argument that resembled his, but with flaws of my own making, and then pretended that my new argument was the original argument.  That is not what I have done.

I'm beginning to wonder if this is just a stoner sub. :/ 




 It's not a straw man at all :/  Your own exact argument entails a ridiculous conclusion.  Doesn't that bother you? 




 If you have basic soldering skills and an hour or so to spare, you could make your own and save a good bit of money.  I make my own audio cables using parts from Redco.  Even if I only bought the gear to make a single cable at a time it'd be cheaper for me to build my own high quality cables than it would be to buy the worst cables in store. 




 I understand your claim very well!

I simply don't believe that it's true!  :D  What's so hard to understand about that?

Ingesting chemicals known to affect neurotransmitter levels and processing in the brain, for a prolonged time, and then abruptly ceasing that chemical is known to most likely cause side effects.

By this logic, if I ate .000000001 grams of chocolate every day for a prolonged time and then stopped, it would most likely cause side effects.  You have yet to make any quantitative claim or provide any quantitative evidence.  

How do you know that this level of use will produce a significant withdrawal effect? 




 Troll post 




 Did you even read the pages you just linked to?  They aren't primary sources, and few of their references are either.

It's not purely chemistry and physiology - it's purely speculation!  Physiology doesn't happen with a logic like "X affects serotonin, serotonin makes you happy, therefore X could make you happy!".  Physiology is an extremely complex science and happens more like [this](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25342005).

Interesting that I've been downvoted for pointing out that your bold claim had no apparent evidence behind it.  Is psychonaut an anti-skeptic / anti-science sub?

edit:  If you truly have seen clear evidence to support your claim, link to an actual study that supports your claim directly.  Not speculation about psilocybin having some vaguely defined effect on a vaguely defined neurotransmitter system - actual evidence of a specific effect that could be harmful. 




  Abruptly stopping a microdosing regimen of psilocybin will almost certainly have ill effects. Just prepare yourself.

That's quite a leap!  You have no way of knowing it will have negative effects.  It seems just as likely that there would be no ill effect. 




 Pretty garbage article.  What makes this relevant to /r/anarchism? 




 No - this is not a trivial problem.  If demand for desalinized water exceeds demand for the salt produced by it indefinitely, there will never be a time when the excess salt is needed. 




 Well, that view is contrary to the article's main premise and it seems implausible to me.  You really believe those graphs and the article's systematically biased wording are the result of naivete?  Why? 




 This hardly seems relevant; this article isn't about ineptitude, it's about deliberate obfuscation. 




 Just edit it so that the specific employee can't be identified.  You have important feedback for them - don't just sit on it. :) 




 Wow...great read. :(

[google map of the 'lake' showing its size relative to nearby cities](https://www.google.com/maps/place/40%C2%B037'32.9%22N+109%C2%B040'10.1%22E/@40.6401853,109.6958997,6916m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x0) 




 The way the word is used now, it often is no different.  A cooperative *can* be structured so that the workers own the fruits of their own labor and collectively decide how to run their business.

But in practice, most cooperatives function as small businesses that pay workers a wage to obey a boss. 




 Hey, it was a fair question.  People toss words like that around all the time on reddit and the definitions tend to slip.  It's good to clarify yourself when borrowing vaguely defined buzzwords. 




 Well, ok then.  If you're determined to ignore studies that contradict your point of view, I can't stop you.  I really think you should read that last link I sent though.  Science doesn't work very well when you pick and choose what results to believe on the basis of ordinary thinking.

edit:  It is interesting how you can't produce a single reference to support your view. 




 Welcome to /r/philosophy!  This is not like some of the subs you may be used to, where snarky one-liners with only a tangential relationship to the OP are taken as valuable contributions.  Please read the sidebar and FAQ! 




 Dude I have stuck with scientific evidence.

But you refuse to acknowledge any scientific evidence that contradicts your predetermined views.

Why?  Doesn't that seem odd to you?

There are plenty of studies done on mice including live ones too that show it has the opposite effect.

Link to one study that shows the opposite effect (hint: there are none).

The study you showed me I had read about when it first came out. I studied it and wasn't convinced because in much better conducted and well performed studies including tests done on live humans or apes there wasn't a correlation between THC and brain damage.

Show us one study in live humans or apes that could detect such inflammation, or the behavioral expression of it (e.g. memory impairment), that gave a contradictory result.  I doubt any exists.

And amandine is different if it wasn't, there would be no point in using THC. The difference is THC is more stable and dosent break down as easily making it stay longer. However fact remains that it is only a partial agonist to the cannabinoid receptors it still isn't strong enough to do massive damage to the body that just doesn't make sense.

I don't see how any of this contradicts the finding that THC produces inflammation in the hippocampus.  And inflammation is not massive damage - it's part of the body's natural response to injury.  But chronic inflammation often causes damage over time.

...

You keep bringing up reasons why the finding could not possibly be true, which don't actually contradict it's being true.  In science, theoretical understanding *comes from empirical observations*, not the other way around.  If our theoretical understanding (e.g. your idea that THC can't cause inflammation because it is similar to anandamide, which you assume does not to cause inflammation) is contradicted by an observation of reality, then the theory must be abandoned or changed to match the observation.  In this way, our theoretical understanding gradually approaches a perfected model of reality.

If we threw out observations because they contradicted our theoretical understanding, we would no longer have an empirical discipline, and our theoretical understanding would gradually decay into a fairy tale with no particular correspondence to reality.

edit:  [Here is a helpful chart and explanation of the scientific method and it's excellence.](http://www.sciencebuddies.org/science-fair-projects/project_scientific_method.shtml#overviewofthescientificmethod) 




 This has no relevance to the OP. 




 I see...well, without some explanation of the standard they use, and some quantitative expression of how "low " or "high" your hormone levels are, the test results don't really mean much, right?

Maybe your estrogen level is dangerously high, and you need to take a drug right now to prevent developing breast cancer next year.  Or perhaps it's actually within what a health professional would call normal limits, there is nothing wrong at all, and any attempt to change it would only introduce unnecessary risk.

Given the information available, it's hard to see how the internet could possibly tell between these two scenarios.

If you have cause for concern, a doctor can surely help you to sort it out. :) 




  Every time it's done on live animals or live subjects it's completely different.

That's not true - I just showed you two studies, one using neurons in a dish, and another using live mice, each showing the same result.

In fact, cell culture is an invaluable and highly reliable tool for investigating the effects of drugs, toxins, and nutrients on various types of cell.  Your ideas about it consistently producing wildly incongruent results directly contradict established scientific consensus.

For other studies similar things happened. They used tissues or neurons from the animal and placed them in dishes. Than they used live animals to test out there hypothesis. Huge differences, it always seems that thc in tissue samples in dishes, are much more negative compared to tests on real animals.

Except in the two studies I linked to and summarized above...the cell culture study and mouse study showed the same result with the same mechanism. :/

There is so much evidence on both sides to this plant. And on to what you said earlier, about how you can't ignore that THC causes memory impairments. Of course it does. That wasn't what I was referring to, all I said was the memory impairments were due to different neurotransmission which is a fact. This is how every drug works whether there are a depressant or a stimulant or whatever they all act on increasing or decreasing chemicals. To say that THC causes brain inflammation in the hippocampus, and that is what is responsible for its effects is irrational at this point.

How is that a fact?  I provided you a study from last year that established the fact that - at least in mice - THC induced memory problems are caused by COX-2 signalling (inflammation).  How is it irrational to accept an established scientific finding?

By that logic, every day we would get brain inflammation from anamidide since it works in the same pathways as THC.

Not necessarily; you're assuming many things about *how* THC produces inflammation in the hippocampus, which may not be true at all.  Perhaps there is some meaningful difference between [THC](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4c/Tetrahydrocannabinol.svg) and [anandamide](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b7/Anandamide_skeletal.svg)?  They sure look different to me...

What about other drugs? Drugs like cocaine, and amphetamines increase brain function. Does that mean since the hippocampus is more active, these drugs cause the opposite effect? Well we know these drugs are neurotoxins despite there excitory transmissions. So Obvisouly just because they temporarily increase brain function doesn't mean there healthy. Hard stimulants are some of the most neurotoxins out there.

I don't see how this is even relevant.  Why not stick with the science and consider what I've shown you in the actual research literature, instead of speculating about other drugs?

edit:  I forgot to reply to the bit about lung cancer.  [Smoking cannabis can increase one's risk of lung cancer](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/resp.12298/full)


 




 You should consult a medical professional before screwing around with your hormone levels.  There's a lot of garbage on the internet about this kind of thing; these systems are incredibly complex and generally poorly understood.  You can hurt yourself.

Who did the testing?  Did they tell you anything about the results' clinical significance?  Do you have any reason to believe that anything bad will happen if you do nothing? 




  If cannabis were legal it would be great, because than we could do studies on actual live humans, people who smoke the flower, and test there hippocampus to see if it is inflamed one way or another.

Hmm.  I have two questions for you:

How many studies have there been in the last decade in human cannabis users?  (hint: many)

How would you design a study that could test for inflammation in the hippocampus of a live human subject?

edit:  wait, you never did answer this...If THC doesn't produce inflammation in the hippocampus, why did [Hippocampal Neurotoxicity of 9-Tetrahydrocannabinol](http://www.jneurosci.org/content/18/14/5322.full) find that THC produced COX-2 mediated neurotoxicity in hippocampal neurons in a dish in 1998 - and why did [9-THC-Caused Synaptic and Memory Impairments Are Mediated through COX-2 Signaling](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2013.10.042) that THC produced COX-2 mediated neurotoxicity in hippocampal neurons in mice in 2013? 




 Personally, I think the robothooker would be far *more* desirable than a human - assuming they were indistinguishable.  Prostitution is not an easy line of work!  Given the choice, wouldn't you rather enjoy uncomplicated roboconsensual sex instead of weird, potentially traumatic, wage slavery sex? 




 Huh...well, good luck with that.  I don't think you understand how science actually works; it's not a process of deriving new truths from old truths by thinking about it.  It's an empirical discipline; ideas about what might be true are generated by thinking about things, *and then tested in the real world to produce scientific findings*.

I read you drawing many conclusions on the basis of your own sense of how thing seem, or ought to be in your view; this kind of process is only tangentially if at all related to science and isn't a reliable means of producing knowledge.

The study of cannabis is about as confusing as the study of any drug or collection of drugs - it's a very complex, but ultimately straightforward and well established science.  It doesn't require guesswork or speculation.  You can go read the studies and learn things about what THC and other cannabinoids do in the brain, and you can come up with new hypotheses that could be tested as well.

But you can't decide that THC doesn't inflame the hippocampus - it does!  You can't just decide that THC doesn't cause memory impairments - because it does!  These are well established facts.  There's nothing confusing or ambiguous about them. 




 Haha!  I apologize for my mistaken assumption; something about your writing style suggested to me that you were probably a teenager asking on your own behalf.

 I'm going to have to somewhat disagree because THC has been shown to be a potent anti-inflammatory drug, this is why is is very medically beneficial to patients with inflammation or disorder or conditions that cause inflammation. The main reason (based on what I researched) for the hippocampus related deficiencies was due to the differentiated neurotransmission that goes once thc has entered the body. For example we know that THC and the endocannibinoid system work uniquely because the system works backward.
 So rather than the pre synaptic cell transmits to the post synaptic cell it works backwards. This allows the pre synaptic cell to limit the amount of neurotransmission that occurs such as dopamine, GABA, etc. so the deficiencies in the hippocampus I dont believe are related to inflamation but rather the reason there are problems with short term memory and learning is because the amount of neurotransmission is decreased if it's decreased this means the hippocampus is going to work not as well because it's getting certain neurotransmitters blocked which are important for memory and learning.

But how do you explain studies (e.g. [9-THC-Caused Synaptic and Memory Impairments Are Mediated through COX-2 Signaling](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2013.10.042)) that demonstrated a causal relationship between THC induced inflammation in the hippocampus and specific memory problems?

Your ideas about cannabinoid induced synaptic feedback mechanisms are interesting, but I don't see how they would contradict the finding that THC induces inflammation in the hippocampus, thereby causing specific memory impairments.

Also, do you have a link to a study demonstrating this feedback mechanism?

edit:  there is often confusion about inflammation and anti-inflammatory drugs.  Many compounds have the potential to produce inflammation, even those that also have the potential to inhibit it (e.g. [counterirritants](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Counterirritant)).  So there is not necessarily any contradiction to the finding that THC causes inflammation in the hippocampus if THC is found to have anti-inflammatory effects as well. 




 I dunno about that; I think there are euphoric states within the psychedelic experience rival the euphoria of opiates.  I don't think most people experience them on psychedelics, though.

With opiates, if you get the dose right you *will* experience unbelievably strong euphoria.  It's reliable.  But I don't think it's necessarily the only way to experience such strong euphoria. 




 If you're not going to shoot it, though, there is really no point in using heroin.  You could get the same or stronger effect with a known pure dose by using one of the euphoric pharmaceutical opiates, instead. 




 Forget the bullshit about metabolism - it's a vaguely defined pop health concept that has no particular relevance to your problem about drug testing.  If you need to defeat a drug test, there are specific, evidence-based, well established methods for defeating them.  The method used will depend on what drugs are in your system, in what amounts, and what will be tested for.  You could use google to find the answer, or reformulate your question and get great answers here.

edit:  Damn bro, you should eat more. 




 Grapefruit juice actually prolongs the time it takes for many drugs to be processed by liver and thereby removed from the body. 




 The mechanisms are, of course, dependent on the drug being used, and likely on a variety of other factors related to the individual's health.

But the mechanisms aren't really what matters to you - you need to know whether you're going to fry your brain!  The answer to that question is:  you may, and it's much better to be safe than sorry.  There's a big difference between once a week and twice (100%), but either may have lasting detrimental effects on your development.

Anyway, your question:

The main source of cognitive impairment from cannabis is likely due to it's toxicity in the hippocampus, a part of your brain that creates and works with memories.  This is why you often can't remember a fucking thing when you're really, really stoned.  Where are my keys?  Why did I walk into the kitchen?  I don't know, because my hippocampus is inflamed as fuck right now.

Could inflaming your hippocampus once or twice a week as a teenager affect your cognitive development?  Of course!  Is it certain to?  No.  But is that risk worth it to you?  *How much* risk of lifelong memory impairment is worth it to you?

Although it's been reasonably well established that marijuana use in adolescence can cause lasting cognitive impairment, the mechanisms of that impairment are not, so far as I could tell, known.  Scientists have learned a great deal about the mechanisms of acute impairments caused by marijuana - for example, we know that THC causes inflammation in the hippocampus, and thereby impairs memory.  But I haven't been able to find any studies proving that this change in the brain remains after cessation of use, nor any that examine the mechanisms of impairments that are found to endure in some populations.

I think it'd be good for you to study some more science.  This is how I came up with the answer above:

[I searched pubmed, the leading database that biomedical researchers use to find each others' work](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=marijuana+adolescent+mechanisms)

Then, I skimmed a few abstracts (research summaries) to refresh my memory.  Stuff like this:

[Mice on cannabis are dumber than mice not on cannabis, for really interesting complicated reasons](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25036610)

[THC is toxic to the hippocampus](http://www.jneurosci.org/content/18/14/5322.full.pdf)

There's a vast wealth of information out there if you know where to look and how to read the language.

edit:  I almost forgot.  If you're going to smoke marijuana, it's a good idea to protect yourself from some of its harmful effects on your memory by taking an anti-inflammatory drug or plant medicine (e.g. ginger).  [THC's effects on the hippocampus can be somewhat blocked by NSAIDS](http://www.elsevier.com/connect/preventing-marijuana-induced-memory-problems-with-OTC-painkillers) 




 Ahh - I'm afraid I can't recommend anything in particular.  It seems to me that most vaporizers of that quality and design are in the $200-$300 range these days.

I will say this:  although I almost never use the vaporizer away from home, I love the portability of it.  I guess part of this comes from being used to pipes; the thing fits in with my usual routine of going about my business while smoking.  If I owned a hookah or a stationary vaporizer, I'd probably never use it unless I was entertaining friends.

If you don't care about portability, there have been a few vaporizers of [this](http://dabuddhavaporizer.com/index.php/dabuddhavaporizer/da-buddha-vaporizer/da-buddha-vaporizer-blue.html) design over the years and they seem to work really well for plant material.  There used to be one like this that was quite good and ~$100, but I can't recall the name (this is was in 2005 or so).

There a many cheap vaporizers on the market now that are intended for use with hash oil and/or nicotine bearing liquids, but which are unsuitable for tobacco and other herbs.  You want a vaporizer that heats plant material with hot air, not a hot surface; the experience of vaporizing plant materials with a conduction (hot bowl) vaporizer is not pleasant.

Anyway, best of luck.  Feel free to run different finds by me if you like. 




 You're quite welcome. :)   




 You're using an incorrect abbreviation.  CBD is commonly used as an abbreviation for cannabidiol in particular, both in popular writing and in research literature (e.g. [1](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25799920) [2](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25779454) [3](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25777582)).

edit:  in general, it's very easy to learn the accepted convention for any particular abbreviated term in the research literature; simply search for the term on pubmed or the appropriate service for your discipline and check the first few articles' abstracts for the convention used.  There is usually a clear consensus. 




 Just want to second the vaporizer suggestion: they're way better than e-cigs as a pipe replacement.  I have a [DaVinci](https://www.davincivaporizer.com/davinci-vaporizer-black-bundle/) that I've used for pipe tobacco and occasionally cannabis.  I imagine my experience would be similar with another well designed convection vaporizer (like the Pax and many others).

It works very, very well with the pipe tobaccos I've tried it with (VaPer's and English, no goopy aromatics).  I like that I can adjust the temperature quite precisely, and that the tobacco remains highly responsive to the frequency and strength of my draw.  In some ways, the flavor can even be better than smoking; it tends to complement fruity, floral, and sweet flavors very strongly. 




 You could list it on ebay and offer local pickup as a shipping option, then link to the ebay listing on craigslist.  This removes the cash problem and allows either person to ask ebay for arbitration if something goes wrong. 




 We, inside the bodies, are still the same individuals; it's our ability to act through them that is impaired.

This makes no sense to me. :D  When I drink (or sleep poorly, or take a drug, or whatever), I *feel* and *think* and *perceive* very differently that when I don't.  It doesn't seem like there is any separation to me. 




  When we die, we are exactly the same individual as we were before death, except that now we don't have a body.

I see no reason to believe this is true.  When I drink alcohol, I become a new person.  If I suffered a head injury, I would become a new person.

The person arises from the body, in a sense; the person's qualities are dependent on the body's functions.  When the body is changed, the person changes.  Why should the person stay the same when the body changes so dramatically that it's no longer a body? 




 "Causal questions get causal answers" was meant to be the reason the statements are contradictory.

In that case, I believe you have misunderstood Chalmers' statements paraphrased in the OP.  Anyway, I don't see how the statement "Causal questions get causal answers" demonstrates any contradiction.  Could you explain? 




 Yes; Chalmers used the word consciousness to mean what chaosmosis would call experience[ness]. 




 Causal questions get causal answers.

Seems reasonable enough.

To exist is to have experiences. 

Whoah!  Now you're positing an answer to the hard problem by proposing that existence entails consciousness.  David Chalmers actually discussed this exact answer in a [recent talk](http://www.ted.com/talks/david_chalmers_how_do_you_explain_consciousness?language=en).  But you were in the middle of talking about a contradiction in the problem itself...

...which I don't see.  How do the two statements OP made contradict one another?  Could you be specific about that contradiction? 




 What would suffice as an answer, then? If you define a problem to be insoluble, you'll obviously never solve it. In what sense does Chalmers mean "why"? If it's not in the causal sense, I'm inclined to think it's a meaningless question. 

[He means it as a causal / explanatory why](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hard_problem_of_consciousness#Chalmers.27_formulation); it's not a meaningless question.  He did give it some thought, you know! 




 I think it was opium dissolved in ethanol. 




 If you buy a cutting or whole cacti, you could juice it instead of having to make tea or ingest powder.  Probably more enjoyable. 
























 Kava is definitely one; at comparable levels of intoxication, it's probably safer than alcohol.

Same for marijuana (no combustion) if you don't mind having shit memory.

Nicotine is probably fine as well (no combustion, no funky e-juice) if you can successfully avoid risk factors for heart disease.

Same for caffeine and most other stimulants (including amphetamines) - it's fine if you aren't at risk for heart disease and keep the dose reasonable.

Opiates are generally safe if you have a clean source, don't combine with stimulants or alcohol, can keep the dose reasonable, and you do something to counteract the chronic constipation.

All the classical psychedelics are ok too, though tolerance will prevent use more than once every 3 days, and chronic use in combination with stimulants could wreck your circulatory system over time.

Novel psychedelics (research chemicals like the nbomes) are a big question mark for safety.

Coca tea can be consumed daily with no ill effect, in large enough doses to have a stimulant effect comparable to coffee, if you aren't at risk for heart disease.

MDMA is out.  Can't be used safely more than once every week or two.

Etc.  Most drugs are fine if you can keep the dose reasonable, avoid nasty combinations, and aren't at risk for heart disease.  One of the main reasons people can't sustain drug habits is because of interference with daily life, or because dependence and tolerance lead to unsustainable high dose habits. 




 Do you have a reference for that? 




 It's a false dichotomy; the two categories are not mutually exclusive. 




 The prevailing wisdom is that one should hold it under one's tongue for a few minutes, then swallow it.  This way, it really doesn't matter which one is more potent.

One common cause of failed attempts with tryptamine psychedelics like LSD is interaction with psychiatric medications, such as an SSRI.  It's also true that people vary in their dose response to psychedelics; perhaps you require a higher dose, just because you're you. 




 I realised that life doesnt need to have a meaning and we are just naturally curious about our existence does anyone feel that way when they drop acid

I feel that way often, if I understand you correctly.  Meaning is a human activity, a part of this evolved system of subjective experience and interaction with whatever unknowable reality there is beyond it.  Meaningness seems to be a habit of human beings, not something inherent in some substance beyond our subjectivity. 




 Yeah...but it's small consolation, because everybody thinks you're out of your fucking mind health food crazy if you ask the questions you need to ask as a celiac to eat safely in a restaurant (e.g. can you have the prep cook change gloves).  It was easier when nobody knew what gluten was - then we could just explain ourselves as a novel food allergy.  Now that it's a pop culture thing, it's just embarrassing to be associated with.

(I had celiac before it was cool) 




 That's quite a collection.

Just use [ULTRAHANGOVER 6000](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) - it has them all! 




 Stop smoking immediately.  No other change is necessary until shortly before the test.

Two days before the test, start drinking an extra half-gallon of water per day.  Do it the day of the test as well.

At the same time, begin taking a high dose B vitamin supplement and normal dose creatine supplement.  Take these supplements each day leading up, and also an hour or two before the test.  Drink a few extra glasses of water in the hours leading up to the test.

This method works quite well, and can be found in many mild variations all over the internet.  This is how it works:

By not using marijuana, your levels of THC metabolites will naturally fall.  A regular smoker should leave at least a couple weeks of abstinence before a drug test.

By drinking extra water before the test, you ensure that your urine is dilute.  By taking B-vitamins in high dose, you ensure that your urine is still yellow.  By taking creatine, you ensure that your urine levels of creatinine (a metabolite of creatine that is sometimes tested for to check for diluation) are normal.

Neither the supplements nor the water do anything to eliminate THC metabolites from your body; drinking extra water will do nothing but dilute your urine, and so is not necessary until the test is imminent.  The supplements are only there to end up in your urine to make it appear undilute.

Best of luck.  You should be able to pass using this method alone.  The few weeks of abstinence are important for it to succeed - you can only dilute so much. 




 The time required will probably vary by substance.  5 minutes is probably sufficient if the supplement is known to absorb sublingually in appreciable amounts. 




 Drink plenty of water prior to and during your alcohol infused evening. 




 Hmm.  Think about it, though - if plant growth is not influenced by sound, how can you explain the results of the two good studies cited in that article?  Why assume that there is no relationship when you have good evidence that there is? 




 Sure, sure - establishing mechanisms is a very important part of physiology.  I just don't believe it's appropriate to maintain extreme skepticism of the results of well designed experiments that don't establish a mechanism, but do establish causality.

At that point, it seems the burden of proof is on whoever wishes to dispute the finding. 




  I'll remain highly skeptical of this until I hear a plausible mechanism

Why?  A well designed experiment could ([and apparently has](http://news.psu.edu/story/141343/2008/08/25/research/probing-question-does-talking-plants-help-them-grow)) already established the effect.  A plausible mechanism is not necessary in any way. 




 Unless you have a reason to suspect deficiency (e.g. you're a vegetarian), you probably shouldn't supplement it alone.  Too much zinc can inhibit absorption of copper.  It is probably better to take a multivitamin or multimineral supplement that contains both in similar quantities, if you really want to supplement.

Supplements are heavily marketed by companies who have a solution they need to sell you.  It's difficult to sell solutions to people who don't have problems, so a lot of material out there is designed to make you think you have a problem that supplement X will solve.

In reality, most supplements in most situations are unnecessary at best. 




 No need for a necklace if you get the timing and depth right, but you should really be asking /r/opiates .  Plenty of info online about how to do it right.

Or you could just harvest and dry for making tea.  Include the stalks. 




 Poppy tea has identical effects to extracted opium if both are consumed as a liquid beverage at comparable doses. 




 Are you *certain* that you're not a white man?  This is all very disconcerting... 




 Haha!  All a matter of perspective, isn't it?  This is an odd moment for the field of mental health; psychedelic drug use of any kind is defined as abuse, yet psychedelic drugs are being actively researched as interventions for mental illness. 




 So many comments assume that OP is a man... :/ 




 Taking a COX2 inhibitor (e.g. NSAIDs like ibuprofen, natural anti-inflammatories like ginger and turmeric) can reduce or entirely block the negative effects of THC on memory.

[9-THC-Caused Synaptic and Memory Impairments Are Mediated through COX-2 Signaling](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2013.10.042) 




 **SHUT THE FUCK UP AND GET A LAWYER**

**public defender is ok**

p.s.  No animosity is intended.  But you really do need to keep your mouth shut, anything you say to anybody who isn't your lawyer is likely hurt you in court.  You shouldn't even deny anything, just stop offering free information to the prosecution.  You should try to get your folks to stop talking to anybody about this to. 




 It's fairly common for practicing therapists with a terminal master's degree to have personal experience with what, in that field, are known as "drugs of abuse." 




 I think it is a better term than African American / Hispanic, because in truth the police are aggressive toward African Americans, Hispanics, Indians, Native Americans, Middle Easterners, and so on in very similar fashion.  It seems like they really do target people by the color of their skin, and not by specific ethnicity. 




 The only time I've felt LSD come on anywhere near that fast was one obscenely large dose that started coming on around 15 minutes in.  I think it's safe to say that if you're sober enough to post on reddit 6 hours later, you have no concerns. 




 Beautiful..

Would you explain your technique for us?  It sounds like there are a couple of layers, one of which is a looped clip or delay pedal - but perhaps this is an illusion, and there is only one layer, and this goes through a delay.  How did you make this? 




 I would debunk this for you, but I'm afraid you're just too young to understand.  




 I really enjoyed the vibe and sound of the first track.  I like that you're doing this with piano and a bare, relatively untouched sound.

I'd be curious to hear how this set sounded if instead developing thoughts by adding melody, you developed the harmony, voicings, and texture.  To me, there was far to much melodic and rhythmic content for it to sound very drone. 




 That isn't true at all.  You can't use 1040EZ unless your income is extremely straightforward.  You can't use it with dependents.  You can't use it with self-employment income - even if it is quite small (e.g. a one-off contracting gig). 

There's no way 9/10 taxpayers are using that form. 




 Not in my experience.  Just about every daily user I've known had obvious, substantial cognitive impairment until they quit (if they quit).

edit:  Speaking only of typical recreational use, not high CBD/low THC strains or carefully managed edibles. 




 The distinction between physical and psychological addiction is misleading and fairly unimportant.  Marijuana can produce profound addiction, complete with a physically manifested withdrawal and severe cravings that last for weeks, which is mediated by an imbalance of neurotransmitters in the brain due to adaptation that occurred in response to regular use. 




 Indicas and sativas have similar levels of CBD, though.  CBD is not what gives indicas their uniquely stoning quality.

High cbd strains come in a wide range of THC:CBD ratios.  Some are actually quite intoxicating, but don't wipe your memory so severely.  Others are extremely mild and seem to have little or no effect on memory. 




 This seems to be true in my experience as well, and it makes sense; CBD is a CB1 antagonist, and the hippocampal neurotoxicity of THC is mediated by CB1 agonist.  This is actually a central finding of one of the studies quoted above. 




 Hey, they jive reasonably well with what I've seen of cannabis in my life.  Most people I've known to be regular herb smokers are pretty fucking dumb, myself included, until they've been off it or mostly off it for a few months.

But it wasn't until I'd actually stopped for a few months that I could see the difference and believe it. 




 I've posted info from some of the same studies there and in /r/drugs before, and found that people were not interested in hearing it and didn't believe it. 




  These data indicate that THC toxicity is mediated through CB1 receptors and not caused by nonspecific interactions with the membrane lipid phase... On the basis of the data presented in this study, we conclude that binding of THC to cannabinoid CB1 receptors in hippocampal neurons leads to neuronal death.

To be fair, this excerpt refers to an experiment in which cells in a dish were bathed in a solution containing ~10x the THC concentration in human blood after typical cannabis use, according to the paper itself.  And the effect is blocked entirely by a CB1 antagonist - a finding that should extend to other CB1 antagonists such as CBD. 




 I'm not talking about conservatives - most liberal people think hard drugs should be illegal in some form.  Not to mention other forms of crime that could be aided by bitcoin!  It's as though you believe that the views of the vast majority of people don't matter - that bitcoin will do just fine if only a tiny minority of libertarian tech enthusiasts use it.

I don't buy it. 




 I've set myself up to sound like I'm just making a no true Scotsman...but I stand by what I've said.  It isn't clear from the brief quotations in the article precisely what is meant by that statement, but it's safe to say that whatever math was done is probably correct, and if the method were actually described the meaning of the result would be apparent to any educated observer.

Because the article doesn't share any of that information, it's fairly obvious that they're trying to manipulate you.  Not by giving you fake statistics, but by showing you an isolated result with no context or even clear explication of the result itself.  That is a very specific, limited form of manipulation which is very, very commonly used when popular media cite statistics. 




 That isn't true.  You're promoting a dangerous and false perception that statistics are completely open to manipulation.  In fact, statistics are open to specific, limited forms of manipulation which do not include the method you've proposed. 




 You have given an uncharitable characterization of what I have said, and then argued against that characterization.

Most people are anti-drug (in that they reject hard drugs and endorse their illegality), and most people are ambivalent about bitcoin (in that they are unfamiliar with it).

It would be a good thing if this sub had some decent answers for those people.  If I were anti-drug and knew nothing about bitcoin, and voiced my concerns about bitcoin and drug crime on here, I would expect to be turned away and not have my concerns taken seriously.  That would leave me with a bad impression of bitcoin. 




 You should consider how other people see this, though.

Some people think that bitcoin is more advantageous than cash or credit/banking systems for those involved in criminal activity.  In their view - which may well be correct - fiat currency and bitcoin are **not equivalent** in their potential to serve criminal ends.

Beyond that, not everybody thinks that these crimes should be solved by changing the law to make them not crimes.  Actually, most people think that things like human trafficking and hard drug sales should be illegal.

So perhaps you don't care and think this is all stupid - but that's hardly going to help spread the good news of bitcoin, is it? 




 This is a self-defeating attitude, though.  If /r/bitcoin ignores facts about bitcoin that reflect negatively on it from a mainstream perspective, and ostracizes those who express those facts, it merely serves as an echo chamber for a small slice of potential bitcoin enthusiasts.

This limits the potential of /r/bitcoin to serve newcomers, and makes the community appear distasteful.  




 I think the comment was highly relevant.  But I suppose we wouldn't be able to agree about that.

Usually when something is unoffensive but irrelevant, it just sinks with  few up or downvotes.  It seems very unlikely to me that the comment would get 10+ downvotes simply due to a perception of irrelevance. 




 two video's nothing to do with the article,

[How to use apostrophes](http://www.scribendi.com/advice/using_apostrophes.en.html) 




 Well...it seems that you've taken my plain, factual assessment that bitcoin makes illegal trade over the internet easier, and erroneously concluded from it that I think this means bitcoin should be destroyed.

This is exactly what I'm talking about!  This sub should not downvote people for saying things that are true about bitcoin, just because people are uncomfortable with these truths.

Similarly, we should not conflate statements of fact and their truth or falsity with statements of judgment about right or wrong, ought or ought not.

Bitcoin makes some illegal activities easier.  That is a simple statement of fact.  It isn't a judgment about what is good or bad, nor about what ought to be done.  It's like saying the Earth orbits the sun.  Whether that is good or bad depends on your point of view. 




 /r/bitcoin seems to have a problem with the truth.  Bitcoin provides a cash-like medium that can be easily, conveniently traded anonymously and without physical contact.  **Of course it makes it easier to sell drugs over the internet**
 




 It would be far more efficient to produce in a laboratory.  One person with a couple hundred square feet of space and access to ideal precursors could produce psilocybin at a greater rate than a warehouse sized grow op.

Also, you can create precisely measured doses, which is impractical / impossible with dried fungal matter as you cannot reasonably establish precise potency. 




 It's not just "more science is needed."  It's "more science of this type into this issue to answer these questions" is needed.  There's nothing to "debunk," because there's no lie.  But there are nontrivial, falsifiable claims. 




 This seems like the most important claim that actually has a coherent meaning:

Himalayan salt consists of mineral packed crystals that are formed naturally within the earth, and they are made up of 85.62% sodium chloride and 14.38% trace minerals such as sulphate, magnesium, calcium, potassium, bicarbonate, bromide, borate, strontium, and fluoride (in descending order of quantity).

This may be true, it may not.  Many pink salts have more sodium and less trace minerals.

But supposing it is true - does it matter?

Of course not!

By the time you eat enough of this salt that it serves as a good trace mineral source, you'll have eaten enough sodium to seriously endanger your health (assuming you do this regularly).  You can handle a couple grams of sodium a day.  If you ate a couple grams of this salt, you might get 2000mg X .15 = 300mg of various other minerals.

That's about as much dietary non-sodium mineral as you can get by eating a cup or two of cooked broccoli - along with very, very little sodium.

If your reason for eating this salt is because of it's mineral content, you'd be better served by buying plain cheap salt and a vegetable. 




 There's no result, really.  They needed a placebo group that didn't receive treatment.  Perhaps the homeopathic remedy did nothing, and the conventional treatment slightly prolonged the timecourse of recovery.  Perhaps the entire conventional group would have recovered on the fourth day!  Who knows.

Their only strong finding was that the homeopathic group didn't require antibiotics - a suspicious finding, for the reasons above and because they don't seem to have used a double-blind design (so whoever evaluates whether a person has improved may also know the treatment condition the patient was assigned to). 




 It's all relative.  It depends on what you're looking for, and how large your effect is expected to be. 




 It's unlikely that there is anything substantial to debunk in this paper - it's peer reviewed scientific literature.  If it were so ill-conceived that random people on Reddit could destroy it in a few paragraphs, it would not have been published.

However, the paper's claims are fairly modest, and are primarily a call for further research.  Anybody using this paper to claim that fluoride in drinking water in the United States is dangerous, for example, could be easily debunked by showing that this paper did not examine such low levels of fluoride, and provides no evidence for or against their safety. 




 The paper isn't arguing that fluoride in drinking water is deadly - it's arguing that there is strong enough evidence for developmental neurotoxicity that further research is warranted.

From their own conclusion:

In conclusion, our results support the possibility of adverse effects of fluoride exposures on childrens neurodevelopment. 

Future research should formally evaluate doseresponse relations based on individual-level measures of exposure over time, including more precise prenatal exposure assessment and more extensive standardized measures of neurobehavioral performance, in addition to improving assessment and control of potential confounders.

Nothing you said is particularly relevant to this claim, the central claim of the paper. 




 Rural Chinese water supplies are not known for their purity besides from fluoride levels, either. Arsenic and heavy metals are known to be present in high levels in both water and soil. Fluoride pollution in massive doses is almost certainly going to be connected to a number of other pollutants.

How do you respond to this (from the paper's discussion section), which directly addresses your objection?

Several studies (Hong et al. 2001; Lin et al. 1991; Wang SH et al. 2001; Wang SX et al. 2007; Xiang et al. 2003; Zhao et al. 1996) report other exposures, such as iodine and arsenic, a neurotoxicant, but our sensitivity analyses showed similar associations between high fluoride exposure and the outcomes even after these studies were excluded. Large tracts of China have superficial fluoride-rich minerals with little, if any, likelihood of contamination by other neurotoxicants that would be associated with fluoride concentrations in drinking water. From the geographic distribution of the studies, it seems unlikely that fluoride-attributed neurotoxicity could be attributable to other water contaminants.

That was a fairly unconvincing debunk, considering that you didn't bother to read the paper... :/ 




 Well, the ideal record would be a timesheet that was endorsed by your employer in some way (e.g. signed by your boss).  But since few businesses use paper timesheets anymore, its unlikely that you have that.  So a personal record that you kept may be the best you've got.  If it was recent enough, you could contact someone you worked with and ask them to verify your hours during that time on paper, and send that.

But if you don't have a record already, it seems like too much work at this stage to go through the effort of constructing one; it's also reasonably likely that they intend to pay you and it just hasn't got to you yet.

You can make a request for payment without the exact record; it just doesn't set you up as well for a lawsuit if you need that in the end.  But you can always add records later if you come by them. 




 No...you've stumbled on a stroke of genius, my friend.  If modern graphical user interfaces are too much for your parents, teach them command line systems instead!

"Honey, I'm just calling because I sent my email and now I want to read it again but I already sent it away and -"

"Mom, press the windows key and type "cmd" and hit enter, then "help" and enter.  All the answers I possess are now at your fingertips!" 




 You'll probably crave it in some way forever. 

Haha - dangerous advice for a guy who is freaking out about withdrawals from a single dose.  Tons of people take IV opiates without developing any cravings whatsoever - they are common in hospital settings.  It's not a big deal, and in all likelihood it will pass as soon as OP stops thinking about it and sobers up.

But OP - **do not dose again.** This drug is obviously not for you. 




 It's all fantasy; you live in your head too much.  Go talk to people, meet new people, make love to them and be rejected by them and learn.  This isn't a fucking romantic comedy film.  It's life.  The people you see, they are people like you - not like people in movies (nobody like that actually exists).

The feeling you have started in your testicles and has been fed and grown by your ideas about it into this behemoth of OMG HOW DO I MAK EMY MOOOVV.  It doesn't really matter in the long run.  If you want to find out what she is like, talk to her.  Say "Hi, I'm mlgfap and I like your skirt/top/smile/whatever.  What's your name?"  And have a conversation.

Then she'll be receptive or she won't be and you'll like her or dislike her or whatever and you can move on with life. 




 Yes - what material and how is it built?  If it is a bulky wooden stool, it may be trivial to add a few inches of height. 




 Well...wow.  Perhaps your parents really never allowed themselves to experience the natural emotions of being a parent. :/  I dunno.

My parents were really messed up people, and I can relate to some of what you shared in a first-person way.  I had a very traumatic childhood.  But my parents really did love and care for me.  I just didn't get to see much of that growing up.  Maybe your parents also love/loved you, in a private kind of way.  There could be some potential, some possibility there for a better relationship.

But you shouldn't feel guilty or ashamed if you don't want to deal with them; you're not doing anything wrong by protecting yourself.  It sounds like you'd be justified in leaving them behind. 




 **Yes**....teach them Unix. 




 If it is just a coincidence, and she's not interested, she will let you know very early on - as she will assume that you took it as a signal of interest.  So assume that she's into it and have a good time.  There's nothing special that you have to do, no approach you have make etc.  Just enjoy yourself and whatever happens will happen naturally. 




  Affirmative consent is the only way to ensure that it isn't weird.

That is simply not true.

I have never, ever, past  my awkward teenage years, said a single word about consent (do you want this, can I do that, whatever) during a first sexual encounter; there has never been any question about it.  And I've been with rape survivors etc, often having sex very early in the relationship, no problem at all.

Sex is not an intellectual act, and consent with formal asks is often very awkward.  It's easy to feel what's good or bad, whether a person wants more or less so long as everybody is reasonably awake and sober. 




 It's easy to take your parents for granted when you're young and they're alive and well.  It's likely that you'll feel very different about spending time with them when one of them has died.  It's unlikely that anybody will care about you the way your parents do - that relationship seems to be just about unique.  Your parents can love you in a way that doesn't depend on anything you do for them.  Nobody else is going to love you that way.

That said, it sounds like your Dad is a piece of work.  Guilting and shaming a 12 year old like that...ugh.  Still...they're your parents.  You shouldn't feel ashamed or guilty if you don't want to take care of them, but (as odd as this may sound) I think you may be missing out on something very precious. 




 If you have any record of the work you did, make copies and send those along with a letter explaining how much money they owe you and the address where they can send a check.  Send it to their HR person.  Don't send originals.

In most states, you have to do something like this within a certain period of time (often a month or two) after the job ended in order to ensure that you have a right to sue later if they don't pay. 




 To expect it, no.  But there is enough evidence supporting it as a reasonably likely outcome of the next 30 years of research that it shouldn't be dismissed as impossible or extremely unlikely without strong evidence.

You can find a lot of optimistic, yet pragmatic and evidence based commentary by searching for a scientist   science communicator named [Aubrey De Grey](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aubrey_de_Grey). 




 Unless I'm terribly mistaken, the controlled substances act authorizes the attorney general, not the president, to do this, and it is not by executive order.  That said, the president could tell the attorney general to do it.

However, this process is not necessarily straightforward.  There are limitations on what the attorney general can do and when.  For example, they cannot reschedule a drug in a way that would violate an existent treaty obligation of the United States. 




 Yes - major error in the title of this post.  Not about Mars at all. 




 Executive orders aren't able to change things like that, though.  They can't contradict existing law, for example. 




 The penny's add a little more pressure to keep it snug.

Pennies.  Penny's would be a way of saying something belongs to the penny.  You can't make plurals with apostrophes with normal nouns.   




 Sugar alcohols are a common cause, and are often found in bars.

Also certain spices - especially garlic / onion type. 




 Hmmm...that hasn't been my experience at all; do you have a reference?  I imagine these things could vary substantially between individuals, but I would think that most people could absorb a few hundred milligrams of protein any time...

 Amino acid chelated minerals are absorbed via the mechanism that absorbs that amino acid normally (usually quite efficient), whereas minerals in an ionic compound that dissociates in water are absorbed via a mineral-specific mechanism that can be easily overwhelmed by high doses.  This causes diarrhea when the mineral passes unabsorbed into the large intestine, where it draws water out of the intestine's lining via [osmosis](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osmosis).

The reason magnesium oxide so reliably produces diarrhea is because it does not readily dissociate in water, and so most of it passes to the large intestine and draws water out from the body through osmosis.  Magnesium citrate does dissociate readily in mildly acidic water, so it is better absorbed, but will still cause diarrhea in large doses because the absorption mechanism cannot handle so much at once. 




 I don't know - I did a quick search but it didn't turn up anywhere near as much as the probiotic supplements.  Perhaps it just hasn't been studied as much.  Medical researchers tends to explore things that can be turned into pharmaceutical products much more readily than it does traditional medicine or food based medicine; it's one problem with the scientific community's dependence on corporate funding. 




 Well...the review references many studies, performed in a variety of human populations with varying states of intestinal health and bacterial colonization.  But it is true that the review primarily established the effectiveness of probiotic and synbiotic supplements as disease interventions.

However, that does not mean we can conclude that probiotics don't do anything in other individuals.  Most of the disease states explored in the studies referenced by the review are small intestine disorders - these people have normal stomachs.  That probiotics and / or synbiotics are able to survive these people's stomach environment strongly suggests that the would survive healthy people's stomachs as well.

Because probiotic supplements are quite affordable, easy to use, and safe, and there is some evidence that they help in various disease states, it seems reasonable to give them a try when faced with chronic digestive complaints that may be related to gut flora (i.e. almost all chronic digestive complaints). 




 If your team is oriented around the five-man deathball, though, go for the agh-refresher to **compliment** them.

[Complement, not compliment.](http://www.elearnenglishlanguage.com/blog/english-mistakes/complement-vs-compliment/) 




 Yes.

Most of the amino acid forms, including glycinate, are better absorbed than citrate. 




 No - in truth, probiotic supplements are often indicated for a variety of gastro-intestinal disorders.  Of course, a good diet is important, but BrainEnhance is simply incorrect in their assertion that probiotics are ineffective.  See the above review for more info. 




 That is not true - you are ignorant of the scientific literature on this topic.  Probiotic supplements have been shown in well designed human trials to survive and colonize the digestive tract, and to compete effectively with existing bacterial populations.

Don't take my word for it.  Read this recent review (free full text): 

[The Role of Probiotic Lactic Acid Bacteria and Bifidobacteria in the Prevention and Treatment of Inflammatory Bowel Disease and Other Related Diseases: A Systematic Review of Randomized Human Clinical Trials](http://www.hindawi.com/journals/bmri/2015/505878/) 

[pubmed listing](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25793197) 




 Psyllium husk etc are mostly not fermentable fiber anyway - they pretty much just past through unchanged.  It shouldn't be expected to help, but probably wouldn't make it worse. 




 (off topic now)

Do you cook your own beans, or use beans from a can?

I've found a huge difference by soaking them overnight, tossing the soak water, and cooking them in fresh water afterward. 




 I think this is a great response.

But I would also like to add that you may find it much easier to explore these things if you found a more comfortable and supportive environment in which to use psychedelics.  In my experience, psychedelic experiences of fear are often heavily influenced by my state of mind and the setting I'm in, even if they are also a part of an existential crisis of some sort.

I've found it much easier to relax with these deep fears when I'm in a good setting and mindset. 




  You have provided no evidence that would convince anyone that supplements are a good idea. That alone is enough of a reason to not believe in them.

Why?  I'm just some random voice typing on Reddit.  Because I haven't provided evidence that supplements are effective at preventing MDMA neurotoxicity, you can conclude that they are not effective?

Doesn't that logic seem a bit...flawed? 




 If having a PharmD is evidence enough for you to believe yourself, then you really did miss the point way back in your undergrad when you learned the basics of science. 




 Yes...you do not understand the logic behind the science you're trying to debate.  Bye. 




 I think part of it is that many people just eat the mushrooms, which is not pleasant.  Because of this, people tend to dose low.

If we all learned to make shroom tea like proper psychonautic adventurers I think we'd see more interest in the drug, and more understanding. 




 You really don't understand.  Go back to philosophy class - you're not done learning! 




 Sort of - but in California, most of that demand is from out of state (or even out of the nation).  The state's water supply is being drained to serve an economic pressure that has very little to do with the state's residents. 




 It's not grammar, but intent.  And I won't - you're trying to get me to argue in favor of your straw man.  Why would I do that?  I have no interest in trying to establish a false claim. 




 Ah - that's different.  I live in a state with medical, and assumed this was a dispensary product.

Interesting...be careful with this stuff.  If eating it produces pronounced psychoactive effects, you should assume it is unsafe and may be synthetic cannabinoids. 




 , if any, 




 Of course not.  But many of the supplements people suggest taking to reduce the risk of MDMA neurotoxicity are approved for human consumption already, without human testing, because they are nutritional supplements.

So I do not think it is a reasonable comparison.  If somebody advocated for taking a research chemical with CNS effects in conjunction with MDMA as a harm reduction measure, and claimed safety on the basis of a mouse study, that would be extremely foolish (for the exact reasons you mention). 




 [watch this - it will sober you up fast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaHOvWMPeJA) 




 Yeah, some people are in quite deep with the propaganda machine.

In my experience it's really not worth getting upset about or trying to change much, but when I do come in contact with it, I try to find some way to offer a different perspective without forcing the issue.  Something that they might consider later, like "huh...I wonder why he saw it that way."

Because there rarely seems to be any possibility of really breaking through that kind of ideology in one go.  It's really up to them. 




 Most people who get into kava and enjoy it use the root itself, usually purchased in powdered form.  Kava supplements are generally regarded as crap that should not be expected to produce a good effect.

This won't help you for your presentation, but I strongly encourage you to try the real stuff if you're prone to anxiety.  It's great!

/r/kava 




 Yeah, sounds like some bullshit an extrovert would say while pointing to a chart in front of a room of people like a dick. 




 Whoah, whoah.  I know all of that.  I'm not here to debate the details of running a mining operation; I posted only to clarify an apparently mistaken analogy drawn between miners and bank-like entities.

edit:  Wow, just read your post again.  So rude!  Back away from the computer...go and play outside! 




 Could be, but it could also just be that there's CBD and THC together in this oil, and they're not heating it enough for the CBD to come through. 




 Perhaps there is substantial residual THC, which is vaporizing in full before any CBD comes through.  THC by itself yields an intense, overwhelming high at a proper dose - which could be a single toke if you're vaporizing refined oil.

You could test this hypothesis in part by eating a dose.  If it yields a potent high like it does when vaporized, you can assume that the oil is not CBD dominant - in this case, it may be synthetic cannabinoids mislabeled as another person suggested.

If it yields little psychoactive effect taken orally, then you may have an oil that is primarily CBD with a significant amount of THC as well.  This seems to be a very common product among CBD oils offered today. 




  I have the desire to be an educator 

whenever I get into a comment section like that I just go berserk with fact checking and proving people wrong... yet they all are so narrow

If you want to educate people with views like that, you're going to have to get more comfortable with exposure to those views.  People do not want to learn from somebody who is upset, hostile, or in any way overly invested in changing their view.

Teaching is a challenging, demanding activity.  It can be great fun!  But it does seem to require a great deal of acceptance of what your students are actually like.

It's very difficult to work with ignorance if you find it unnerving. 




 You got too high and likely had a panic attack.

This seems like the most probable explanation for the incident you described, OP.  And now, you have strong, visceral negative associations with your memory of the experience (sounds similar to PTSD).

It seems most likely that there isn't a direct causal relationship between the event and your symptoms over the following year, in the sense that it probably didn't "damage your brain" or something like that.  More likely, you got really high and also are prone to anxiety / panic symptoms, and this experience either triggered or coincided with the start of a chronic anxiety / panic problem. 




 The miners are not responsible for anybody's bitcoin, though.  It's not the same.

If they mine, they get new coins.  If they don't, they don't.  If they mine incorrectly, they don't.  But they have no liability as a result of anybody else's coins.

A better analogy would be a bitcoin exchange; if you keep bitcoin in an exchange, that entity likely has a liability as a result of your asset.  The difference, then, is that one can easily use and hold bitcoin without using a liable intermediary (like an exchange). 




 I think of it more like a psychedelic than like a depressant or simple buzz.  But I don't think of it as much like either; for me, it has a category of experience all to itself.

Cannabis is an amazing plant. 




  There is little, if any, evidence that they actually do anything. 




 Those are all fair points, and of course animal model studies don't offer direct recommendations for human  use.

But your language is too strong; it makes no sense to equate evidence from animal models with no evidence at all. 




 You're overstating yourself.   Why discount animal model evidence entirely?  The scientists that produce this evidence don't. :/ 
























 It's not anything like that.  It's a courtesy to you, so that you have ample time to refill at your convenience before you run out of meds. :/ 




 If I were in this situation, I'd either mail some to myself or empty all but the amount I need into another container for storage, and bring enough for the vacation in the original branded bag.  Either one seems like a safe bet to me, given the relatively low stakes. 




 The only problem is with the MSM being mistaken for some other illegal substance (cocaine, anthrax, etc).

You should not bring more than you need, and should bring it in its original labeled container with the supplement label etc.  You shouldn't declare it or anything, but you also shouldn't try to hide it.  Just pack it in the bottom of your bag.

You're probably better off putting it in your checked baggage if you have any, as the standards for screening checked baggage are less strict than for carry on luggage (baggage that you have no access to doesn't pose the same security risk).  There is a chance they will find it and throw it away, leaving you to buy new MSM at your destination. 




 Yeah - this is terrible advice.  It basically guarantees that if discovered, the MSM will be assumed to be an illegal drug and OP a smuggler. 




  I think I'm more on the opposite end of semantics here, in that I think the distinction is meaningless because what we think of as "material" includes things like gravity and consciousness; there is no "immaterial" point of reference. We can safely assume that these properties are part of the material realm because we can't go about seeing if those things exist in the absence of any physical matter whatsoever (and given what we understand about space and such, seems like in the closest thing to that kind of setting, those things don't show up). As in, the whole idea of "immaterial" doesn't make sense because it lacks reference to anything we could experience. Our being there to experience it would necessarily invalidate what it is. Hopefully that makes sense. It's late and that was a long one.

I'm having a hard time seeing how your view here differs from the apparent neutral monism you say it contrasts with.  How do you define "material" and "physical"?  From your treatment, it almost seems like you've assumed our observations of reality are of something material as a starting point. 




 Food for thought... 




 What you smoking marijuana for?  You gay? 




 Sacramento is a huge liberal city.  The rest of the central valley is a rural conservative farmtown wasteland. 




 Well, perhaps it could happen there; I could also imagine it.  But the vast majority of Americans, including me, don't live in small towns where everyone knows each other... 




 Haha - OP isn't even addicted to opiates.  Kratom's only indication in assuaging the effects of withdrawal is as a replacement for another opiate - sort of like methadone treatment.  Replace one addiction with another.

But OP doesn't even have an opiate addiction to start with. :P 




 Ah; I understand now.  I had thought that your mention of Lexapro was only tangentially related to your withdrawal, having assumed that you were addicted to an opiate or stimulant.

It seems unlikely that your main complaints were caused by the reduction in your dose of Lexapro; the % change in dose is small, and you're still solidly within the normal therapeutic dose range.  If your symptoms were caused by the drop in dose, it is unlikely that you'll continue to experience them for long.  SSRI withdrawal generally resolves within a week-ish, and intense symptoms are usually even more brief.

Have you considered the possibility that your symptoms are being caused by something else?  Perhaps you could investigate other potential causes that you could eliminate (e.g. hormonal birth control, stress, diet / lack of nutrition, lack of exercise, lack of social contact, some bodily illness or infection).

There are many ways that a person could come to feel anxious, nauseous, and alone - most of which have little to do with small changes in the dose of an SSRI. 




 :/

I didn't say "let's debate it right here and now"; I merely stated that it is open to debate.  You seem to agree, considering your attempt to debate the topic with me. :P 




 OP, what drug are you withdrawing from?  What was your habit like, and how long did you have it?

I know your life must be very painful right now, and apparently has been for awhile...but this *will* pass, and you *can* endure it and come out the other side.  Try to keep a larger perspective, consider how short this time is relative to what time lies ahead for you. 




 The lecture itself, which ended before the linked section from the OP, is much more dense with content than is the Q/A.  At least watch the second half of it (starting ~20 minutes in) so you will understand what Chomsky is on about when he says there is no body and that physicality is so ill-defined that no coherent mind-body problem can be posed.  It isn't so naive as it might look if you just stumbled into the Q/A without an understanding of the topic at hand. 




 Chomsky is building on a foundation that he laid out earlier in the talk.  You would probably understand where he is coming from when he invokes the non-existence of body and the lack of coherent meaning in the term physical in the Q/A if you watched at least the latter half of the talk itself; he offered considerable context from analytic philosophy and science.  Whatever flaws exist in the ideas Chomsky presented in the lecture and Q/A, it is unlikely that any of them arose from an ignorance of the literature.

The talk begins ~1 minute into the video, and concludes ~40 minutes in with the start of the question / answer period. 




 Your initial comment *was* reasonably inflammatory.  You seem to think you're on the moral high ground in this thread, but you are antagonizing your partner in debate.  Neither of you is writing in a manner consistent with the etiquette of this sub. 




 That's a ridiculous way to frame the systemic problem of police brutality in the United States.  If it's all about individuals and their failings, why is the justice system organized so as to encourage this kind of behavior and protect those who do it? 




 Makes sense; thanks for sharing.  Where I come from, if you created such a scene like that running from police, when they finally did catch you (and they certainly would), you'd likely be surrounded by highly aroused shouting cops with firearms drawn.  You'd be fortunate to survive the arrest without injury, and to afford bail so as not to wait several weeks in jail for a court date. 




 Where did this all take place, your story from your teenage years?  In America, where I am from, I seriously doubt running from the police like that could lead to anything but arrest and likely injury. 




  And what if the state is absolutely terrible in providing education and health care? What if the state does other things with the funds it takes in, things that are not only not beneficial to society but destructive? 

This is what keeps libertarianism relevant, in my view.  Parapolikala's state enforced taxation to provide everyone with the basic necessities of modern life as a fair compromise would be very appealing **if it worked.**  Whether it has been shown to work is, I think, quite open to debate. 




 LSD and peas and carrots go together like music? :O 




 Fair enough, yeah.  There wasn't much to the post and it did seem a bit moralistic. 




 I understand your point, but disagree that this would necessarily solve the problem of excess salt.  If that were true, then surplus would never be a problem. 




 There's a lot there; some of it is plainly absurd, such as the claim that the cardiac cycle has been refuted as the driving force of the circulatory system.  Other parts of the article seem quite reasonable, such as the brief review of the lack of scientific consensus on the role of mattress / bedding selection in the treatment of lower back pain (nothing to debunk there - results are conflicting and few).

Much of the article consists of non-controversial statements of fact, such as the fact that hard surface sleeping has long been common in Japan.  Nothing to debunk there - it's true! 




 /r/hailcorporate ? 




 Misleading title. Not the UN, but one individual who used to work in the UN. 




 Similarly to the Mona Lisa example, the title To Kill a Mockingbird invokes a far more specific image, and one that is far less relevant to contemporary art than is the image of the dark side of the moon.  The fact that "the dark side of the moon" is the title of an album does not mean that the only use for the phrase is to reference prior work. 




 Wait for her to come home one night and just start a conversation about anything, then if you notice her pupils are dilated you could call her on it. 

This sounds like a great way to alienate your sister, OP. :/ 




 I don't see how there is any conflict no matter what I admit or don't.  Who cares if two artistic works invoke the same image? 




 Octarine core gives 450 HP and +4 HP regen, +400 mana and +100% mana regen.  It has a decent build up if you start with the soul booster, aiding in survival and mana pool in the early midgame if timed correctly.

But it is questionable, as you said, to build such an expensive item that gives no stats for your illusions. 




 Are you REALLY CLAIMING that the artist who titled this song didnt assume that 99.9999% of people would think of pink floyd when they heard the title.

Not in particular, no.  I'm saying that there are plenty of reasons to reference the dark side of the moon in art that have nothing to do with an album by Pink Floyd.

A person can have more than one reason for doing something, you know.  I don't see a problem with it.

Dark Side of the Moon was a great album that invoked the image of the dark side of the moon; this was a nice song that invoked the image of the dark side of the moon.  Where is the conflict?   




 As a vegetarian, I honestly have no attraction to eating meat - with the possible exception of fish.  I would eat lab-grown tofu, and possibly lab-grown fish, supposing that a reasonable expectation of safety could be established. 




 That may be..but don't you think the stance of U.S. politicians on this topic is heavily influenced by the religious views of the country's massive Christian population? 




 Pshh, you just came here to be cranky. :P 




 I disagree.  Your only possible reason for calling your painting the Mona Lisa is to reference the existing painting called Mona Lisa.  There are plenty of reasons to reference the dark side of the moon in art that have nothing to do with an album by Pink Floyd. 




 http://www.threyda.com/collections/Simon-Haiduk

This is the artist's page on the site written in the lower left of the image.  It's apparently sold there in high quality prints. 




 Yeah, Tahoe is nice. 




 There are different kinds of probiotic supplement.  Follow the directions on your supplement.  Most are intended for use on an empty stomach. 




 I guess we disagree, haha.  I think it's disrespectful to unnecessarily limit the range of today's artists on the basis of what a past generation did. 




 And the endless suburban sprawl heat island thing 




 Eh...it's a powerful, fairly obvious image.  I don't think there having been one great album with that title should preclude its use in other artwork indefinitely. 




 That is not necessarily true.  It could be that pizza shops of that size, profit margin, and rent are no longer viable businesses. 




 Geordi killed the shapeshifting alien with his phaser in Aquiel (Season 6). 




 Wesley took part in illegal maneuvers with the academy flight team that resulted in one member's death (bit of a stretch) in Season 5. 




 I think there is definitely influence, but nothing nearly this strong.  I've witnessed several DMT-naive people - people who had little or no exposure to writings on DMT, to whom the experience had not been particularly talked up - use DMT for their first time.

Not all of the people whose first time's I've witnessed experienced explicit entity contact, but all reported a sense of contact with another presence or consciousness, and about half reported explicit contact with entities external to themselves.

This, combined with the general culture around DMT, and the results of Rick Strassman's work with it, have been enough to convince me that DMT has a direct effect on humans that tends to produce entity contact experiences.

In my view, it takes quite a lot more mental gymnastics and evidence denial to believe that DMT *doesn't* have some entity contact experience producing effect.  

edit:  I remain agnostic as to the actual nature of these experiences.  It seems quite clear to me that nobody knows what's going on with them, except in those cases where the experience is clearly generated from one's personal psychology. 




 That's not true in many industries.  Labor is often the largest single cost by far, especially in service industries.  This is almost certainly true for the restaurant in the article.

According to the article, the owner has 12 employees.  The minimum wage went up by ~$4.  Supposing the workers average a 30 hour work week, the new minimum wage likely cost an additional ~$7000 a month.

Profit margins are usually quite low for small restaurants.  $7000 a month isn't trivial. 




 Heh...no need to be rude.  It's not such a difficult error to make. 




 I think you missed my point.  What do you think the gap of 80.2 represents?  Do you believe that it represents a difference in pay between men and women working similar jobs with similar levels of experience and education? 




 There are only 4 participants in that study, and comparisons are only made within subjects. :/ 




 The supplement's label answers your question.  To be sold in the United States, supplements must conform to very specific labeling requirements.  Notice that the label states zinc content, *not* zinc monomethionine content.  It also states the % of the FDA's recommended intake.

Serving Size: 1 Tablet

Zinc (as zinc monomethionine [OptiZinc])	30 mg	200%

Take one tablet a day or less.  Don't take more - excessive zinc supplementation can hurt you fairly easily. 




 Yes - this could be a great improvement on existing treatment.  But it's true that this treatment is little more than a revision of the L-dopa approach.

Can't make enough dopamine?  Buy these magic nano-dopamine pills from me for the rest of your life...  




 Sure thing - glad to help.

I'd just buy a creatine supplement, the cheapest simplest one you can find, and take the recommended dose for a few days before the test (including the morning of the test).

Drink whatever feels normal, then add a half gallon or so to that.  You don't want to give them a water sample, but you do want it to be dilute.  You can get a feel for this by doing a test run where you take the B-vitamin supplement and drink a ton of water, then see if your urine is still yellow. 




 I agree.  It is still worth discussion - and worth investigating, understanding better, and changing.  But that doesn't change the fact that it is disingenuous for a politician to use misleading figures such as the 78% gap to try to gain support from ignorant voters.

Bernie Sanders apparently called out for "equal pay for equal work" to correct a 78% pay gap that **does not exist**.  That is objectionable. 




 Nobody can reasonably claim that there is no gender gap at all - but the gap is only substantial when differences in career choice, hours worked, and years worked are ignored.  If you read the linked sources in their entirety you will see that they support Gottlob's position and undermine the position that a substantial gap exists.

The numbers you've quoted do not take these factors into account. 




 He should do it in short videos that show a before / during / after of him enjoying the product. 




 It's really just down to how you feel about it.  There won't be any danger nor any cross-tolerance.

I don't think it's a big deal.  If you feel up to it and want to trip again, go ahead. :) 




 The method I linked to addresses this, has for a decade+.  You just supplement creatine; creatinine is a metabolite of this. 




 The artist works in a grocery store. 




 Hopefully that's just for the scans... 




 Being slim may give you some advantage, as THC and its metabolites are stored in fat.

Drinking water will not increase the rate at which your body processes and excretes THC and its metabolites - that is false.  The rate depends on things like liver enzymes and fat metabolism, not urination and kidney filtration.  Exercising may, as it could increase the turnover of THC and metabolites stored in your body fat.  This is more likely to be of importance to an overweight person with a heavy load of THC / metabolites in their fat; for you as a slim, light user who has plenty of time to abstain, it is unlikely to matter.

I think your chances are quite high.  Obviously, there's no good data on this; no scientist would study this, there's no reason and no grant money.  But I have personally passed a couple tests this way under worse conditions than yours, and have seen friends do the same.  This advice is quite old - I first used it nearly a decade ago - and there are many anecdotal reports online spanning that entire time period, of people using it successfully.

For what it's worth, if I were in your shoes, I wouldn't sweat it.  If you want some assurance, you could do a home test using this method a week from now and see if you pass.  Or you could even pay a testing company to do you, if the job is really important.  Just don't use the same one as your employer, haha. :) 




 Ah - good reply, you gave a ton of useful info.

You should be able to pass if it's at least two weeks away, and you're willing to abstain completely until the test. :)  It wouldn't be worth trying to pass a fake sample unless the situation makes it quite easy, or abstaining would be extremely stressful.

Employers rarely do drug testing themselves, but instead have you go to a testing company that they pay to collect and analyse your sample.  Often there will be somebody watching you through a one-way mirror.  Not right in front of you, but back and to the side.  So there is some privacy, but not too much.

If they are conducting their own test using a cheap kit, then you can probably pass that with ease through simple dilution + B vitamins - and you can predict the result by testing yourself as you suggested.

But even with the lab testing (which is cheap and quite common), you have every reason to believe you can pass.  
[Just follow the standard method summarized here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/33vb0i/i_have_to_pass_a_drug_test_in_three_weeks_and_i/cqop3vx)
 




 It really depends on what drugs you use, how often and at what doses, how soon the test is, and on how likely you are to succeed if you attempt to use something other than your own urine.

In most drug test/screen (synonymous) situations, it would actually be quite difficult to deliver anything but your own urine, coming out of your own body, without being detected.  It is also pretty easy to clean up your own urine if you have a few days (most drugs) or a few weeks (marijuana) of lead time.  Therefore, it is usually preferable to use your own urine and try to make it as clean as possible.

How soon is the test, and what will it involve? 




 Sure, that seems fair enough.  But I guess nobody else in /r/trees cares about the actual definition of socialism. 




 This isn't the question though.  OP wants to understand *why*. 




 It's reasonably likely that clonazepam that can be absorbed sublingually can also be absorbed through insufflation. 




 **ALWAYS.** :O 




 Expiscor is correct in their assessment that socialism requires collective ownership of the means of production and an overthrow of capitalism.

That doesn't mean socialism and communism are one and the same; it just means they share this feature.

This isn't a matter of public opinion, but of political science.
 




 No - ephedra is legal, though much more difficult to get in the US these days.  Though in many regions, it can be found growing in great abundance.  It is very easy to make tea from, but basically impossible to dose accurately unless you have prior experience and are willing to titrate the dose (start small, slowly build up).

Supplements derived from it are illegal, though. 




 I don't know; a quick google search should turn up a range of recommendations.  Ephedrine is sometimes used as a bronchodilator for people with asthma; if you're reasonably young and healthy, you probably can't go wrong using dosage recommendations for that as a starting point. 




 Well, sure - low gi filling foods + calorie counting are a pretty good way to create a caloric deficit without feeling like you're starving yourself.  But that alone won't prevent muscle loss while dieting; you need to lift, eat enough protein, and use a reasonable deficit and cycle length.

Stimulants have long been popular with dieters because they allow you to more easily create and tolerate the caloric deficit.  You can't lose much weight without changing your diet; EC stack will not create a deficit large enough on its own.  But it can make dieting easier. 




 I can't say whether you should or shouldn't, but assuming you're in good health and not at risk for heat stroke or something (e.g. you don't work outdoors in the heat all day, you aren't a senior citizen) it hardly seems like a big deal.  Lots of things increase your body temp.  If you get too hot, you'll feel too hot.  As long as you're in a situation where you can sweat and drink water, and find relief if necessary, I don't see a problem. 




 Jackolysis is right, as far as I know; you can buy it in any pharmacy.  But it's kept behind the counter in some regions, because of abuse potential.  It's still a non-prescription medicine, though, so you can just walk up and ask for it.  If they want to know why, you could say your doctor told you to use it for your cough/asthma/etc.

As for Ephedra...I don't see any advantage.  It's the same active chemical.  But using a pharmaceutical version allows you to take precisely measured doses, which is very important for safety and comfort when using strong stimulants. 




 If you want to lose fat, you have to eat less energy than you use; there is no way around this, none at all.

Whether you create an energy deficit with supplements + diet + exercise, or just diet, or diet+exercise, you have to deal with potential loss of muscle mass. 




 [Asked once before, apparently has worked for one person](https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychonaut/comments/24mwrc/lexapro_escitalopram_and_lsd/) 




 Just because an act is performed by a group does not mean that it is a communal effort.

And just because each individual in the group has their own selfish motives, doesn't mean the act isn't collective.  It's a false dichotomy.

Looting has a necessary collective aspect, which is that it involves a group of people all shoplifting together (as All-the-post-leftist pointed out). 




 Certain stimulants can be used to make the not eating and cardio easier, and to give a *modest* boost to resting fat metabolism.  Everything else is either bullshit or has such a small effect that it really isn't worth worrying about. 




 Good to know; do you know why it's not recommended? 




 ECA stack (ephedrine / caffeine / aspirin).  Won't kill you unless you already have heart disease, in which case it'll kill you.  Works primarily by destroying your appetite, but also increases thermogenesis.

Most other fat burning supplements are lies and/or unicorn tears. 




 In short - no.  His work can't be ELI5ed.  But if you put some effort into reading *Being and Time*, as H_C_Everybody suggested, and then come back and ask for clarification, you'll probably be able to wrap your head around it with minimal effort. 




 Sure, I mean, that sounds great...but so what?  I enjoyed the Power of Now and feel that it's a valuable book.  I've recommended the book to friends before.

But I still find it disingenuous of Eckhart Tolle to present other people's ideas, slightly reworded and simplified, without offering readers some mention of the context these ideas came from.

To be fair, he often mentions other traditions in his work.  But I found he also often left out the source of his ideas.

It's a reasonable critique. *shrug* 




 Sure.  We could easily agree to condemn looters, but it remains utterly irrelevant to the larger political action that occurred / is occurring in the form of riots and demonstrations sans looting.

A minority of participants looted, yet media have been successful at making looting a huge part of every conversation about the riot.  Why? 




 Great analysis.  There may be room for some extremely useful innovations with things like high value craigslist purchases, car sales by owner, etc, if a good in-person sale escrow system can be implemented. 




 If you're open to using powders, you can save a lot of money by purchasing bulk powder supplements online - especially on things like EGCG, 5HTP, and joint supplements. 




 Instead of trying to figure out what it is, why don't you just do it with your friends repeatedly...and gradually slip in turns of phrase used by Vulcans.  If you start slow, you could eventually cultivate a local group of trippers who get together to take a drug called Logic and talk like Star Trek cosplayers.

Isn't that possibility more important than determining the exact identity of this substance?

Logic demands it! 




 /r/iamverysmart 




 That isn't a fair assessment at all.  *Some* people seem to have taken advantage of the situation to loot.  So what?  That doesn't make the entire effort illegitimate. 




 That's disgusting...and what the fuck does it have to do with /r/trees ?  Come on. 




 I have, at least most of it.  I haven't looked at any of Eckhart Tolle's work in a few years now.  I enjoyed *The Power of Now* a lot.

I found it very accessible, but somewhat disingenuous in that his work is extremely derivative - at times, to the point that he is simply restating Buddhist teachings in simplified form - but he often presents his ideas as though they're original. 




 You're not broken. You're just less attached to the material world. 

Ehh...to me, that really feels like writing a fairy tale about why it's ok not to feel sad about it.  Just because OP isn't having a natural and expected emotional reaction to the death of a loved one, doesn't mean it's because OP isn't attached to the material plane.

It seems more likely that OP is emotionally repressed, disconnected.  Maybe intellectually dominated.

Nothing to celebrate or bemoan, but something that can easily pass with some space and time.

OP if it bothers you, you might try setting aside more time to exist in your body, without a goal or purpose.  Like, time to watch clouds go by and walk down the street aimlessly or to do yoga or something. 




 [HAIL CORPORATE](/r/hailcorporate) 




 It appears to only count one vote per IP. 




 You're welcome, yeah.  I wish I had a good article handy to link to; you could probably find one in /r/kava .

The reason I used alcohol is because it is widely used, has a long history of human use, and is generally recognized as safe for daily use in strict moderation (1 or 2 drinks, depending on your liver capacity).  It is very dangerous for regular use at higher doses, and in single very high doses.

But it serves as a good comparison, I think, because most people will accept a drug that is safer than alcohol as safe for daily use. 




 I've always found a better price per gram of DHA/EPA by buying it in softgels.  It's also more convenient if you're travelling to have pills instead of a bottle.

Just be sure you're comfortable with whatever number of pills you'll have to swallow to get the dose you want.  A lot of companies offer really low dose softgels that aren't worth the inconvenience. 




 My understanding is that there are a couple of very specific scientific findings and a lot of speculation in that paragraph, but that there is no clear evidence for the timeline you propose.  Do you have a reference for that timeline? 




 This is what I mean, though.  You're assuming the worst about this person's assumptions.  They're been quoted saying 

This research is unethical.

and you've taken that to mean something like "genetic modification in humans is unethical, both now and for the foreseeable future."

You say that 

He's saying even researching the concept to learn how to do it safely is wrong.

But how do you know?  Perhaps what he said was in the context of a reasonable, though bold, critique of this specific experiment.

Even if his comment was in fact meant in the worst possible interpretation, by giving a charitable interpretation, you could add something to the discussion by exploring reasonable critiques to this sort of research, instead of childishly lampooning an obviously untenable position. 




 That isn't actually quite true.  The kava liver toxicity was from extracts sold in pill form, occurred in a very small number of people relative to the number of people using it, and hasn't recurred.

Yet even if that level of toxicity occurred at that same frequency in traditional kava use (which it doesn't), it would still be safer than alcohol - which is well known to cause liver toxicity with regular use.  :) 




 That hardly seems like a charitable interpretation.  It seems quite obvious to me that reasonable, well-informed people can disagree about the ethics of human genetic engineering at this stage of scientific understanding. 




 Oh come on. :/

Everybody knows that rectal administration is the only way for a modern Kantian; the science-camera-hole method died out in the mid-90s (thank goodness it did).

Other than that, I'd say this is about right, and certainly enough to cover the scope of your assignment. 




 Whatever, dude.  If you have good information to the contrary, please share it.  Otherwise, I'll remain agnostic about the exact threshold of MDMA neurotoxicity in humans... 




 Haha...yeah, that's pretty much it for side effects for folks with a reliable pharmaceutical grade source who don't do risky combinations and either don't IV or use correct IV practices.

Doesn't seem like a bad deal until you do the price math... 




 To be fair, I didn't say that it was - only that it certainly isn't safe any more frequently.  It's possible that people can safely take low-moderate doses of MDMA every week or two; I don't think it's known either way. 




 Try practicing mindfulness meditation, following your breath.  You can get instruction easily by going to local meditation group if you haven't already learned, or if you aren't able from a book.  This way, you can hone your awareness and ability to place that awareness on an object, and thereby observe more closely what is happening with these visions.

Most likely they will pass on their own, and aren't of any real consequence. 




 Fair enough... 




 What makes you think that it's true? 
























 As for "liberating the concept of authority," why muddy the waters? Will you "liberate" the idea of the curve to talk about straight lines?

No, of course not.  But this is just sloppy rhetoric - the relationship between authority and individual or communal autonomy is not necessarily one of mutual exclusivity, as the relationship between straight and curved lines is (i.e. although any line that is curved must not be straight, some instances of authority may also be instances of autonomy).

Incidentally, there is obvious value in contrasting curves and lines when discussing one or the other.

You keep saying that you are familiar, but your basic problem with my position seems to be that you object to an "anarchy" that is as radical as the word sounds.

I don't believe that I have objected to any particular anarchist idea in this thread.  I have rejected some points of view about how one can and cannot rightly describe anarchist ideas, but I don't believe this results in a limitation on what can be described.

The anarchy of the anarchist tradition is arguably even more radical than the word sounds. We live in the midst of disorder, so nobody is likely to be scared of that, though they may not wish to increase it. But anarchy means approaching the way we live together in an entirely new way, which should scare us a little.

It seems to me now that you don't have any logical objection to my reframing.  Instead, you reject it as a useful endeavor on the grounds that anarchism *should* sound objectionable to sheltered middle class liberals (or whoever it is who might find a reframed anarchism more palatable) - not on the grounds that my reframing misrepresents any particular *idea*, but on the grounds that it doesn't feel objectionable enough.

So why shy away from the word that expresses our desires and invokes an appropriate level of discomfort?

Why frame my effort as cowardice?  My goal is to consider new ways of discussing anarchist ideas with those who would reject them if discussed in the dominant vocabulary, because I believe (and here, assume) that spreading true understanding of anarchism is a good thing.

 




 Huh...thanks, I guess.  At least half the words in your post add nothing to your meaning.

You say:

any element anchored in will-to-power will quash elements that are not

Why is this so?  What specific elements will quash what other specific elements, and how is this a certainty? 




 That hardly seems like a reason to stick with the word 'anarchism'.

"Any car you buy will eventually break down - so why bother replacing your broken car with a new one that can drive?" 




 The subject of this thread is the language used to communicate anarchist ideas - in particular, the possible drawbacks of the word anarchist itself.  The topic is not "humanispherian please teach train_subject1632 about anarchism, they're using words wrong."  I am here to consider how anarchist ideas could be communicated with alternate language, so as to more effectively communicate these ideas to groups that have difficulty understanding the existent dominant vocabulary.

I am familiar with every topic you just invoked, and I am certainly not suggesting that voluntarism and anarchism are equivalent, nor that capitalism + voluntarism is anarchism.  It isn't just not anarchism - it's not conceivable, as the blanket adoption of capitalist ideals can only occur through coercion.

Why not liberate the concept of authority and use it to talk about anarchism?  I see no particular reason not to, when communicating with an audience that sees authority as necessary or desirable. 




 You did not understand what I said.  You are assuming that I am using the word authority in the same way you are, which is obviously not the case if you actually read and understand what I just wrote.

Your statement is equivalent to saying that there is oppressive power in allowing individuals to consent or withhold consent without coercion, and to decide what they do with themselves and other consenting individuals. 




 I disagree, but suspect this is only a disagreement born in semantics.  If authority is distributed to such an extent that any person's authority is simply over their own consent and behavior, that hardly seems different from abolishing authority so that individuals may govern their own behavior (and each others only through consent). 




 That is a far less bold and sweeping claim than you led with a few comments above.

It seems to me that there is no necessary connection between order and a hierarchy of centralized, violent authority.  Anarchy is not about inducing chaos - it is about decentralizing authority by removing hierarchy.  Authority rests with individuals, or groups of individuals (communities).

People are not naturally inclined to chaos; they are naturally inclined to order.  Because of this, various anarchist political theories are actually quite practical - in the absence of oppression, a set of sane, sensible, equitable social orders can emerge in a decentralized, human process.

I don't see anything about that that particularly implies a loss of order - only a replacement of the mechanisms by which order is maintained.

 




 We may have our problems but it's no where near on the same scale.

I don't believe that it is, and I'm not alone in that belief.

Read some history.

I have a decent education in the recent history of the United States, including the civil rights movement of the 1960s and the many race riots that have followed up until the present day.  It is quite arrogant of you to assume that I am ignorant of history simply because I disagree with your beliefs about the prevalence of racial violence over the last ~50 years.

If you wish to assert that systemic racism has been substantially diminished over the last 50 years, perhaps you should cite some data to back that assertion.  History does not seem to support your view. 




  Not a single one of those other labels actually indicates what is radical about anarchy. And, of course, each comes with it's own baggage. We're not going to sell anarchy to people with closed minds by wrapping it in some seductive packaging. If they bought into something that they thought was "nice-sounding," they're likely to experience a pretty serious case of remorse when they realize just what anarchy really is. 

I disagree.  There are plenty of labels that capture the meaning of anarchy as well as anarchy does without invoking the negative frame and connotation of that word.  The plain synonym "non-heirarchy" even does this reasonably well.

And why should a person feel remorse, having learned the true meaning of non-heirarchical political theory?  There is nothing about it that necessitates chaos, violence, or anything else that a modern social liberal should find surprising from an ideology so named.

Your rhetoric sounds appealing, from a certain point of view, but I don't see any particular reason to believe it. 




 Nope. 




 I've had a good experience using L-theanine to induce mild relaxation.  For nausea that doesn't originate in the GI tract, very low doses of cannabis work better than anything else I've come across - far better than any non-prescription anti-nausea drug.  If you don't already use cannabis, the dose should be incredibly low.

I can't recommend combining all the things you listed, especially the last two, with each other and your SSRI.  5HTP, in particular, is [not safe to combine with an SSRI](http://pennstatehershey.adam.com/content.aspx?productId=107 pid=33 gid=000283#Precautions) at all. 




 There also used to be a time where police dispensed street justice, beating the shit out of people that talked back or were standing on the wrong corner.

That time is now, and has been for decades.  It just doesn't happen often to the privileged middle class people that make up much of the population of Reddit; they have to actively research to learn about police brutality, instead of it being an ever-present threat in their daily lives. 




 Coconut oil actually raises blood levels of both forms of cholesterol; this article claims that it only raised levels of HDL, which is false.  It does increase HDL more than it raises LDL, and so has a positive effect on cholesterol balance.  But major health organizations generally say that more research is required before coconut oil can be recommended as a major fat source in the diet, because it may present a cardiovascular risk - it might be bad for you, it might be good for you, but we don't know enough to say.

[This article has a cite for the effect on HDL/LDL](http://www.webmd.com/diet/coconut-oil-and-health?page=2) 




 That sounds appealing in a way, but it obfuscates the fact that one could use different words to impart the same ideas without also evoking the same frame or connotation.

To give a simple example, we could use all the same definitions and political theories, but call anarchism non-hierarchical democracy (or some similarly nice sounding semi-novel term).  It would convey the same meaning, but would not evoke in privileged white liberals the idea of chaos and disorder, black blocks and burning cars, etc.

This could make it easier to convey the actual meaning of some set of anarchist ideas to people who would not otherwise be able to keep an open mind long enough to understand. 




  I quite thoroughly think that the more egoistic elements of Anarchism must fundamentally come to grief with the social elements by their general outlook.

Would you elaborate on this?  What particular elements are you referring to? 




 There isn't anything on that page that could be construed as a claim that this "isn't studied in the west because you can't patent mushrooms."

Also, the author appears to have been on faculty at a university in Israel at the time of publication.  Israel is not an Asian country. ;)

So what are you asking us to debunk - your unfounded assumptions about this research?  You didn't offer any statement actually found in or supported by the linked article. :P
 




 I build my own cables from parts I buy at redco.com, and audio parts supply store.  If you have basic soldering skills and you're making at least a few cables at once, you can get the same or better cables than you would have for ~1/4 the price + 15 minutes of easy work. 




 Section 4A001.a.1 of the DSGL lists electronic computers and related equipment, electronic assemblies and specifically designed components that are specially designed to operate at an ambient temperature below 228 K (-45C) or above 358 K (85C). Software and technology for the 'development', 'production' and 'use' of these computers is controlled.

Sounds kinda like my graphics card :-/ 




 There's nothing to debunk; this is peer-reviewed scientific literature, and its claims are likely to be true (and also quite specific and modest). 




 They suggested that I be a marine biologist or astronomer...didn't see a hint of military anywhere. 




 Well, you sure called that bluff... : / 




 That hardly seems like a charitable interpretation.  You darn libertarian Daoist metaphysicians and your irreverent remarks. 




 Haha - I can see you've considered the evidence for neurotoxicity already.  You seem to have the odds in your favor - I hope all goes well, and that there is no cumulative damage. :) 




 That's high enough that you should be concerned about single dose neurotoxicity.  If you're set on doing this, you should be certain to keep hydrated and keep yourself from overheating during the experience, and should not dose again with another psychedelic or amphetamine for the following week or so.

I must respectfully disagree with Quasarstoquark's somewhat carefree assessment of the risk.  There is good enough reason to be quite cautious about doses much higher than 100-150mg, and there is no good reason to believe that it is safe to combine MDMA with LSD, or to take it soon after 5-Meo-DiPT.  The stakes are very, very high - acceptable risk should be quite low. 




  I have no doubt it's LSD

Why?

Without testing it, you likely have no idea whether it is LSD or another psychedelic - potentially a novel, dangerous one - that can be laid on blotter.  You can't reliably tell by trust, appearance, size, print, taste, nor by effect unless you've compared a known sample of LSD to a known sample of not LSD.  And to obtain a known sample you have to test.

Testing kits are quite inexpensive if you plan to buy LSD a dozen times or so in the next few years.  Even if you only use it a few times, it's probably worth $10 or $20 to avoid taking a dangerous novel substance instead of LSD. 




 You can actually read the full text of the papers published in Nature that are linked in the article, by clicking the citations at the end.  It's a complicated story, spread across several studies...the short version: there's a source of trace nitrogen in the medium the yeast are grown in.

As for resonance - there's no contradiction, as biological systems are known to commonly produce molecules that exhibit resonance from molecules that don't. 




 I think you missed the point.  If making morphine were as easy as home-brewing, few people would be willing to spend very much money on it. 




 Easier than developing this technology, sure.  But not easier in the long run on a $ / dose basis.  It takes a lot of poppies, which have to be grown for months, in dirt, with fertilizer and water and sun and so on.

Yeast are far easier and cheaper to produce: air, water, sugar, and a few days to a week from inoculation to harvest.  If they make an comparable amount of morphine by dry weight, the yeast production will certainly be more efficient once developed. 




 No kidding!  All it would take is one tiny sample, liberated by one sympathetic (or entrepreneurial) graduate student, to populate every willing clandestine morphine brewery on the planet within a few years.

Beyond that, it's likely that within a few years the techniques of GMO yeast production would be within reach of a DIY bio lab anyway. 




 The difference between 2 and 4 grams is huge.

For many, 2 grams of shrooms will induce a mild intoxication with light visual distortions, not unlike a moderate dose of cannabis - while 4 grams will induce a full on psychedelic trip, complete with objects morphing into other objects, near death experiences, and all kinds of strange things you can't even imagine not having experienced them.

I recommend starting with 1.5 to 2 grams, considering your situation.  Don't worry - just start small, and you'll have plenty of space to venture into this gradually. 




 Angry people aren't very good at identifying workable solutions to complex problems, nor at convincing others to change their views.

It seems reasonable enough to me, to be in favor of progressive taxes and also the removal of tax exemptions for wealthy entities.  I don't see any particular reason to group these two issues.

But I don't think your interpretation of Rand Paul's proposed tax reforms is accurate. 




 Pshhhhh 




 I've read that after a few days it can be dangerous due to mold, but other sources claim you can just boil it all the way down to a resin. I would assume boiling everything away except the alkaloids would leave you with a bacteria / mold free product.

Well, you're assuming that boiling it down to a resin *would* boil away anything but alkaloids - which isn't true.  All kinds of stuff will be left over.  If the brew contains toxic secondary metabolites from bacterial or fungal growth that occurred over the last year, it's likely that some of these will remain.  There may even been viable endospores in the remaining substance, which could germinate in your stomach and grow out until they [explode through your chest](https://youtu.be/LsD6AL3HJtM?t=43s) and devour all your friends.

Since cacti are relatively cheap, and easy to obtain in the wild in many regions, you're probably better off seeking out new material. 




 A flat tax doesn't mean there are no deductions.  Part of Rand Paul's proposed flat tax is to remove almost all tax loopholes, which would raise the effective tax rate for many wealthy entities (individuals   corporations) by eliminating their ability to shelter income from taxation.  At the same time, it could well decrease the effective tax rate for many working class people, by offering them a higher default deduction (which would still exclude the poorest people from paying any income tax at all).

Your post betrays intense anger and frustration which, I think, has impaired your ability to accurately comprehend the ideas you claim to be rejecting.  What if you're wrong, and a flat tax could actually be a good way to achieve ends that you would like to see in society? 




 Interesting...  I don't know what synthesis engine it uses; I couldn't find a schematic and wasn't able to figure out how the synthesis worked, though I have identified which boards perform it.

Any ideas?  I could take photos if you're interested. 




 **Printed bases remove the problem of logistics**

...

:/ 




 If you're not here to debate the topic of the OP, leave.  The start of the debate does not need to be a question. 




  ...in generating a drug source that is self-replicating and easy to grow, conceal and distribute, the work could also transform the illicit opiate marketplace to decentralized, localized production. In so doing, it could dramatically increase people's access to opiates.

Oh no! :O 




 I understand the effect you're replicating; in my experience, it is present but never so obvious and overwhelming.  Even at very high doses, other visuals will come on much stronger and overwhelm the visual field before this became so marked. 




 Well, you do seem to have given this some thought - and I certainly don't intend to insult your intelligence.

But what I said about the small chance of you totally freaking out and endangering yourself isn't dependent on your approach or attitude towards psychedelics.  People with perfectly sane approaches and mature attitudes have terrible experiences sometimes.  Some people only have terrible experiences on psychedelics, and therefore cease use after a few tries.  You don't know - you could be such a person.

MDMA is a drug with an intense positive push - it does have some effects that are similar to some effects of psychedelics, but it is really quite a different beast.  It's difficult to have a bad time on MDMA unless you can't tolerate stimulants, or you take it a stressful environment, because MDMA is an inherently pleasurable drug.

Anyway, I don't mean to say you shouldn't do this, nor to be a complete bummer.  But I didn't see this perspective being presented at all and I feel that it should be considered.

Wish you all the best in this. :) 




 Well...you should understand that there is some risk involved.

You don't know how you will react, and you don't have any guarantee that the dose is accurate.  Most people have a reasonably good time on LSD, but occasionally a person will totally freak out and do all kinds of strange, potentially dangerous things.  That is why it is generally best to have someone accompany you when you first use psychedelic drugs - in particular if the dosage is unknown (as yours is, as you cannot measure the amount of LSD in your tab and lack strong evidence that it is accurate).

Consider the possibilities.  Is a very small risk of totally catastrophic results worth taking in this case?  What alternatives are available to you? 




 Yes, it can - sometimes modestly, as in the case you mentioned, and other times quite dramatically.

If you're curious to learn more about this, consider reading about the [variable bioavailability of epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG)](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3189735/).  This somewhat popular supplement has terrible bioavailability by default, but has been studied enough that the causes are understood and can be effectively addressed. 









 More dangerous than what?  It's more dangerous than cold storage, but it's clearly intended to host a spending wallet - they aren't competing solutions. 




 :/  The brain itself is about 60% fat - not omega 3's in particular, just fat.

The highest estimate I have seen suggested that ~8% of the brain, by mass, is composed of omega-3 fatty acids. 




 That isn't true...and it's especially objectionable for a sub devoted to skepticism to tolerate baseless attacks by people who haven't even bothered to hear the argument being condemned. 




 Awful joke. 




 Why do you say that? 




 ~~Plutocracy is a form of oligarchy. :/~~

Derp nvm just understood what you meant. 




 Yes - there is no practical takeaway from the literature reviewed in this video, as common organic pesticide metabolites were not tested for.  What if those graphs had included such metabolites?  We might have seen inverted curves showing a shift between different urinary pesticide metabolites as subjects changed between organic and conventional diets, instead of a reduction. 




 I disagree with SugarRush - there is no cause for concern about theophylline.  It has a similar safety profile to caffeine; it is only a few atoms away from *being* caffeine, and occurs naturally in tea and coffee in trace amounts.  It is present to fill the role guaifenesin fills in Bronkaid (to help loosen mucus in the lungs).

However, you should break the tablet in half, or even quarters to start.  48mg of ephedrine is approximately two times the usual dose in the EC stack.  You don't want to overdo this - you can hurt yourself.

Using a half tablet gives you about 100mg of theophylline, as well.  ~300mg is a typical dose for a teenager with asthma.  A healthy adult can take this without too much concern - certainly less concern than a healthy adult taking yohimbe + caffeine! 




 :/

The video poses a clear and precise question, comparing organic foods to conventionally grown foods through a literature review.  If you can't bother to watch the video, don't comment. 




 Psilocybin mushrooms don't usually turn a person's eyes red.  Perhaps you rubbed your eyes and forgot about it, or you have seasonal allergies you aren't aware of.

Many people find that tripping through the transition to night-time can turn a trip dark.  You might be happier starting your trip in the late morning, so that you are done by nightfall.

However...psychedelic drugs have a dark side that you can't just avoid.  You will feel discomfort, fear, confusion, and other unpleasant things from time to time when you take psychedelics.  They aren't like marijuana, alcohol, MDMA, etc, which can offer a consistently pleasurable experience time after time if you get the setting and dose right.  Psychedelics will sometimes confront you with things you don't like, through no fault of your own.

Of course, sometimes you'll notice that something in the environment is making you feel bad, like an ugly noise or dark shadows or a person you feel uncomfortable about.  It's good to change those things immediately (move away from the noise, excuse yourself from the person's company, turn on a light) so you don't feel bad.

But other times, you'll feel bad for no apparent reason.  Unconscious fears often come to the surface on psychedelics; death-like experiences are common.  Scary stuff happens.  You can learn a lot and grow and change etc, if you're open to experiencing these unexplored aspects of human experience.  Or you can have some really shitty experiences trying to resist this stuff; it tends to feel a lot worse and stick around a lot longer if you push against it.

In my experience, everything that comes up on psychedelics is workable and good if you can just relax and let it happen.  Especially with psilocybin - it's a very laid back and easy molecule relative to something like LSD, but you do have to let go and allow it to work.

Or you could just lower the dose and trip in chilled out environments when you're already feeling good, basically using it like cannabis.  But that really limits what you can experience of these amazing substances. 




 I agree.  I also think that it's good to cultivate a habit of grounding one's awareness, and the sensations of the body are a very useful resource for accomplishing that.

Those sensations will be destroyed in time, like everything else you've ever known and everything there is about you.  There's no sense in opposing an experience of dissolution, or oblivion, or whatever.

But grounding in the body in daily life is a very powerful method for working with fear. 




 There's no apparent contradiction. :P 




 If he believes Noam Chomsky contradicted himself, then he should have a specific example of contradiction that we could all read and consider.  Apparently he doesn't. :/ 




 Perhaps...or, it may be that you would have had this experience if you had stopped after the first 6 months - it could just be that your brain and body react to SSRI withdrawal this way.  The dependence can happen very quickly with most drugs.

In any case, it can't go on too terribly long.  It'll pass. :) 




 Here's the kicker though: he said that it might not be withdrawal, it might be that my body needs to stay on the drug. 

Well...that doesn't make much sense to me.  Perhaps you misunderstood him?  Then again, a lot of psychiatrists don't make a whole lot of sense.  It's one of the easiest specializations you can do after med school, and tends to attract folks who weren't so great at medicine. :P

Suppose you had heart disease, and needed to take a drug to keep your blood pressure normal.  You feel better and so you and the doctor reduce the dose, but then your blood pressure rises and you go downhill.  The doctor says "well, I guess your body needs the drug" and restores the original dose.

In this case, it makes sense - your body actually needs that statin to maintain normal blood pressure.  Without it, you should expect symptoms and eventual death.

But you are not taking a statin for heart disease; you're on an SSRI, a drug whose sole purpose is to address psychological difficulty by altering the way the brain functions.

There is no reason for your *body* to needs an SSRI to function normally - except for physical dependence.  Bodily symptoms from lack of the drug perfectly match the definition of withdrawal.  Your SSRI is not treating an underlying GI condition, for example; it is either unrelated to your GI symptoms, or it is *causing* them as a withdrawal syndrome.

You know what I mean?  In the case of this drug, there is no difference between saying it is causing a withdrawal syndrome and saying the body needs it; the only reason your body could need it is because of physical dependence. 




 Physical dependence can occur without addiction.  Most definitions of addiction include an experience of craving, and many also include physical dependence.  The popular idea of physical vs psychological addiction uses physical dependence to differentiate the two.

For example, you could become physically dependent on a nasal decongestant spray if you use it daily for a week or two; you would have to keep using the spray to avoid severe rebound congestion, as the body adjusts its mucous production to the presence of the drug.  You would exhibit a withdrawal syndrome.  But you would not *crave* your decongestant, as you would nicotine if you were dependent on it. 




 Great article.  But you should review the meaning of "its" and "it's," and their appropriate usage.  Several captions use "it's," a contraction meaning "it is," in the place of the possessive form "its."

[How to use its and it's](http://www.its-not-its.info/) 




 The claimed relationship isn't quantified, and there is no citation of peer reviewed scientific evidence.  It's not even appropriate to try to debunk the supposed correlation; it hasn't been established.  But if there were a strong correlation, even that would not imply a direct relationship without further evidence (as others have mentioned). 




 Haha.  Anything that isn't a psychedelic should work, in that there should not be any cross-tolerance.

I guess it depends on your tolerance to cannabis.  Like if this were me (very occasional cannabis user), I'd just make myself a dank brownie.  But if you have a decent tolerance you'd have to dab all day to get that kind of effect, right?  Or you could do MDMA.

For a festival, I don't see that many options; you don't want to do DMT, nor ketamine or any of the other great psychedelic like drugs that don't exhibit cross-tolerance, because they're not compatible with crowded loud places. 




 There is truth to both comments. 




 What are some good ways to drop? I want to be able to trip BALLS all three days, but don't want to overdo it.
My initial plan was to take 2 the first day, 3 the second day, and 4 the last day.

I doubt that would be enough of an increase.  But I also doubt that you'd want to trip the third day anyway, having tripped balls two days in a row.  Consider tripping the first and third days, and doing something else the second day.

That said, if you are set on tripping balls all three days...

A good rule of thumb is to double the dose to trip two days in a row.  For the third day, double the second day's dose (e.g. 2 tabs, 4 tabs, 8 tabs).

You might adjust this after the second day, if that was stronger or weaker than you wanted.  For example, you trip balls day one (2 hits), trip EXTRA balls day two (4 hits), so you only take 6 hits day 3. 




 Species is a concept that we apply to populations of individuals that can interbreed and share certain characteristics.  How can a concept suffer?  That makes no sense.  Individuals suffer, not ideas.

You seem to use the word species in several different ways, in fact referring to different things.  When you say the species can suffer, you seem to mean that a particular group of individual animals will suffer; when you say a species of chicken is lost, you mean a particular breed of chickens; when you say that loss is a "loss to the species," I imagine you mean to refer to the domesticated chicken as a species.  Your argument would be more clear if you expanded your vocabulary so as to avoid confusion caused by using one word to invoke several distinct concepts in rapid succession.  It may be an effective rhetorical device in casual debate to slip referents like that, but it is not an effective means of rational discourse.

If a certain subspecies failing to maintain its population led to suffering for remaining subspecies of chickens, of course that would be lamentable as it would have caused many animals to suffer - not the dwindling population, necessarily, but those future chickens whose quality of life was harmed by a loss of genetic diversity.

But if every domesticated chicken were rendered sterile tomorrow, I would not see any problem for the chickens themselves.  Those chickens could live out their lives, and leave no offspring behind to suffer in captivity.  Where's the harm in that?  Who suffers for it?  Chickens that were never born?  The idea of species? 




 The way I see it, there is no problem with a species dying out.  Every organism will die, whether the species lives or dies.

If a species ceases to exist because enough members die that no sustainable breeding population remains, that is not necessarily worse than the species surviving in captivity.  From a human perspective, perhaps something is lost.  But a species doesn't suffer; individuals suffer.  It may be better that there be no individuals than suffering individuals. 




 Huh.  I wonder about the safety of this.  :/ 




 But why will the first person to trade useful goods for this currency do it?  Why would the first thousand?  Before people are trading it, it will be worth nothing.  If you have no plan for how it will get from nothing to so valuable it replaces fiat currency, then you have nothing, really.  That's the whole problem with introducing new currency.  You can't rhetoric that away. 




 Well, suppose that is all true - of course, I may well agree with you on all those points, yet still not be convinced that this currency would be valuable to people.  Why would anybody trade your currency for valuable goods (e.g. factors of production)? 




 Himalayan salt is a neurotoxin that closes your third eye :O 




 https://youtu.be/xefyXb5u658?t=3m40s 




 But for 5 coins to buy you a basic meal, someone has to be willing to exchange a basic meal for 5 coins.  Why would anybody do that? 




 You misunderstand.  An example of how it might function isn't what I was after - I was after some explanation of how such a currency could be expected to succeed.  If a currency has no value, it will not be used.  You have no explanation of how this currency would ever have value. 




 :/

Doesn't it seem a bit naive to think that a group of engineers who actually conceived this project and carried it to fruition didn't every stop to consider obvious alternatives before going forward? 




 Well, thank goodness we had you here to point that out.  Have you mentioned this to the people who *have actually built this*?  I'm sure they never thought of such an idea! 




 You could just emphasize all the qualities and interests you have that happen to be very common among stoners your age. 




 **Don't say another word about the theft to anybody but your lawyer.** 




 You're both missing the point of the article.  It isn't about people leaving the country - it's about people renouncing their citizenship.  You're conflating the choice to live abroad with the choice to renounce citizenship. 




 Yay :)

It seems to me that psychedelics in general exhibit a kind of plateau effect, yielding qualitatively distinct effects at different dose ranges (instead of a quantitative increase in effects already present).

Sounds like you found the right dose. 




 Sure, but you just said remove an X.  The result would actually be something like [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turner_syndrome).

Oh god I hope someone doesn't shop up a Turner syndrome Drow now. :/ 




 Come on - this is not an honest attempt at rational discourse.  If you have nothing nice to say, at least say something coherent. 




 You certainly can get some like-minded people together and build a new town, and elect your own leaders.

:/

You would still be subject to all the existing laws of that state, though.  You would need to pay taxes, comply with business regulations, comply with laws about how city governments operate and conduct elections, and so on. 




 That isn't universally true - there are many cities in the United States that are laid out in a bike friendly way, either in full or in certain neighborhoods.  Many cities have protected bike lanes and dedicated bike paths along major commute lines and between residential and retail zones. 




 Even that isn't true.  There's actually a design very similar to this where I currently live (a city in the US), which affords the same degree of protection (bikes move with traffic to left turn or cross, but have protected right turns any time). 




 By setting permanent, ideal subsidy levels for the different primary markets, the value of those coins is loosely pegged to the value of the resources and labour needed to produce them.

Ok, this is interesting.  This theoretical currency's value is pegged to the value of goods.  How is that value expressed quantitatively?  In $? 




 That's an interesting piece of science fiction, but it doesn't address anything I said in that last post... :/ 




 Sounds like the kind of endeavor that can only end in tears. :'O

Better to convert it to a salt and dissolve it in an aqueous solution and plug that.  Poor solubility in water tends to undermine absorption through mucous membranes.

You can easily learn how to do the conversion by searching for things like "DMT freebase to salt".

(this is the kind of chemistry crack cocaine addicts with no high school diploma can do in a mobile home's kitchen, successfully.  no big deal) 




 So..the truth comes out :O 




 I would only accept the coins if I had reason to believe they were worth the trouble.

There is *always* a penalty for trying - this is one of the most basic concepts in microeconomics, taught to high school students etc.  The cost of lost opportunity incurred by making a choice.

If you dropped a handful of pennies on a dirty floor, would you pick them up one by one, or just sweep them into the dustbin?  Is a minute of your time worth 4 cents?  To make a rational judgement about this, you need some conception of what *else* you could do with that minute.

I could obtain darkcoin or litecoin or dogecoin or monopoly money with very little effort - yet I have none.  I can obtain bitcoin, but only by spending a decent amount of money - and I have some.  Why?

The bitcoin seemed worth my time and money; the dogecoin did not.  The bitcoin was worth it primarily because other people figure it's worth it (i.e. it has exchange value) and it's very easy to transfer and hold.

I'm curious about your idea of obtaining coin only through transactions with verified entities.  Perhaps this could create some kind of value?  Can you explain how you see this functioning in a concrete example? 




 I disagree that the exceptions have anything to do with hate speech.  Perhaps this is just a semantic disagreement (i.e. we may disagree about what words to use instead of what is true), but it seems to me that the main point of the article is that hate speech is an ill-defined term from which no legal exemption from freedom of speech protection can be derived.

There is a connection between unprotected speech and hate speech sometimes, because sometimes hate speech *is* unprotected.  But the speech's unprotected status is always due to some other cause; the *exception* has nothing to do with hate speech. 




 You can do it! :D 




 The author goes on to discuss many specific cases of unprotected speech that were hate speech, but were specifically unprotected for reasons other than being hate speech.  He uses sets of cases to demonstrate specific general principles used to exempt speech from First Amendment protection in court - none of which has anything to do with hate speech in particular, though they may exempt speech that happens to be hate speech.

The article does not imply that there is never any connection between hate speech and unprotected speech - it in fact discusses at length the many ways that hate speech *can be unprotected speech*.  But it does show how hate speech is not unprotected *because it is hate speech*, because the First Amendment provides no such exemption. 




 The article discusses this exact point. 




 Makes sense to me.  Or if you plan to work out in the afternoon, you could delay until then; it's a great pre-workout stimulant.  But I wouldn't take it after the latest hour when you'd be down to drink a cup of coffee (whenever that is for you). 




 Why would anybody value this currency?  Bitcoin has potential because it has value - many people voluntarily exchange $ for bitcoin every day.  Arguably, this value is the result of a carefully planned and executed system of scarcity-regulating mechanisms (mining) and utility of the network as a cheap, convenient means of exchange.  This leads to perceived value because people have a reason to use the software as it is, and must obtain bitcoins to use it - yet bitcoins are scarce.

If your currency appeared tomorrow, who would care?  It seems like a lot of poor people might have some numbers in an account, and have an incentive to unload them - but where would anybody else get an incentive to trade valuable goods for these poor people's novel digital currency? 




 I thought the whole point is that they're building a physical space to layer VR over, for example  so that the wall *would* be there.. 




  guaifenesin 

If you're concerned, follow the recommended dosage on the package and don't combine with other drugs besides reasonable caffeine use.  That dose is safe for folks with asthma who are otherwise healthy and not aged.

The recommended dosage on the package is probably a good place to stop regardless.  Cutting is achieved by maintaining a caloric deficit, primarily through diet, while sustaining protein intake and a scaled back lifting routine.  The supplement helps you cut calories and work out by making you feel jacked and not hungry.  Its direct effect on thermogenesis is a bonus.  It's best used as a modest aid to cutting; you start to get diminishing returns pretty damn quick as you raise the dose. 




 Sounds like a job for MDMA. 




 Ah, well...that does suggest that what you're experiencing is not particularly related to cannabis use.  If it were me, I'd give it another month dead sober to see what happens.  Mild persistent visuals are common and usually resolve with a little time. 




 How long have you had HPPD?  Have you been a somewhat regular cannabis smoker for that entire time?

I had reasonably strong HPPD for several few months after some decidedly modest psychedelic use and moderate regular cannabis use.  It remained until about 2 months after I quit using cannabis.  I still experience it somewhat readily if I smoke cannabis, but only then.

Perhaps the HPPD would go away if you stopped using cannabis. 




 A series of psychedelic experiences catalyzed the end of my time as a heavy cigarette smoker, making it much easier for me to go through with a cold turkey quit.

However, I did find I was able to start the habit again years later and become re-addicted quite easily, once the situation was right for it.

So in my experience, psychedelics did a great deal to dissolve the existent addiction.  And I did stay away from that addiction for years without much difficulty at all.  But my experience shows that they did not, for me, remove the potential to build new addictions. 




 I have some experience with this problem personally.  I've have found the psychedelic experience to be very healing, but also extremely challenging and at times quite traumatic.

I strongly encourage you to explore psychedelics, but to do so...conservatively.  Carefully.  Slowly.

/u/_space_wolf_ has a very good point, which seems true to me as well - whatever thoughts, emotions, perceptions you bring to a psychedelic experience will tend to be amplified.  In my experience, this isn't so obvious and predetermined as they stated; there seems to be a great deal of room to steer the experience, at least if you have a reasonably stable awareness.  For me, having a regular mindfulness practice has been the most helpful thing for cultivating an ability to guide my experiences on psychedelics toward relaxation and ease, and away from or through strong negative emotions like fear and panic.

I don't recommend that you begin with LSD, as it tends to be a little *more* anxiety provoking than other psychedelics in many people, and also because doses vary so widely.  One little white square may barely produce an effect, while another may blast you off into 12 hours of kaleidoscopic where the fuck did my body go tripping.

Dimethyltryptamine, I similarly don't recommend at first, because few people possess the equipment and expertise to reliably deliver accurate doses.  If you use DMT a few times, you're likely to have at least one unbearably strong experience, which could easily turn you off from this wonderful substance for life.  Better to wait until you've got comfortable with...

Psilocybin mushrooms!  These are, without a doubt, an excellent beginning for the anxiety prone would-be psychonaut.  Buy a bunch of them (1/2 oz or so), and start by taking 1.5 grams boiled into a tea, in a comfortable setting with no responsibilities or possibilities for interruption that day.

In all likelihood 1.5 grams will do very, very little to you.  So next week, try 2 grams.  Keep upping the dose by .5 as you feel comfortable, but never dose more than once a week.  Most people have some kind of interesting experience by the time they hit 2.5 grams, and some actually trip fairly intensely at that dose.  By the time you reach 3.5 grams almost anybody would be full-on tripping.  You don't ever have to go that far to get a lot out of shrooms, especially if your intent is some kind of introspective growth process.

I hope this is helpful.  Psychedelics have an incredible potential to help transform anxiety, depression, trauma, and all kinds of mental and emotional afflictions.  But they can also burn you if you approach them in a naive or careless way.  By starting slow and choosing a predictable, easy to dose psychedelic, you can ease into the experience at a comfortable pace.  No need to dive in head-first. :)

edit:  Some people insist that new psychedelic users dose with a friend or sitter.  I personally think this is insensitive advice when given to introverted or socially anxious people (whether that describes you, I do not know).  There is no harm in tripping alone, so long as you dose responsibly and ensure that your environment is safe. 




 Hello!

I have a Kurzweil Ensemble Grand Mark II that I've decided to pillage the keyboard from to convert to a standalone MIDI controller.  I hate to see the rest of the instrument go to waste, and am offering all parts except the keyboard and the board that generates the MIDI signal for whatever it costs to ship +$10 per shipment (e.g. if you're in the US, you could have all the boards and transformers for $10 + a first class parcel and a priority flat rate box).

The instrument plays fine, but some patches won't activate.  I believe all the circuits are in good working order but can't guarantee anything.

If you can think of a better place to post this, please let me know. :) 




 It seems to work fairly well for the state... :/ 
























 Ah, yeah.  I see the goals of the sub-bass range in drone and trance as quite different, but that may just be a reflection of the kind of drone I like (i.e. I like drone that uses the bass instrument to add harmonic content across the low midrange in addition to the sub-bass fundamental).  You could do it with sines and have a very clean sound for bass, too.

I don't have an example to pull up right now, but I will try to come back to this tonight and offer something. 




 [Sure...](https://soundcloud.com/exuberant_void/1292014a) 




 This album...I never got the appeal.  To me it sounds very pretentious, yet generic and bland at the same time.

The time-stretch seems like an improvement, but...meh.  Those intervals... 




 We could make a wiki linked in the sidebar. 




 Can't access - did you leave the playlist private? 




 That's a lot of four on the floor and melody for a drone 




 Sine waves are pretty boring because they have no overtones (so you can't get anything out of them with a filter, etc).  An overdriven sine wave with a tight lowpass that sweeps a bit could give you a versatile, simple bass drone, as the overdrive adds overtones (duh).  But even easier would be to use a saw with a tight lowpass (resonance mid-high, cutoff low) and sweep (modulate cutoff with an LFO) that a bit.

To make it pulse, you can modulate its amplitude with another LFO, or just duplicate it and make the duplicate very slightly out of tune (so they go in and out of phase, sometimes doubling each other and sometimes canceling each other out). 




 Before you ask he is on no medications nor has he ever been on any ssri's or anything of that nature.

What about supplements, herbal teas, etc?  Perhaps there is some non-drug substance that you or he ingests that influenced the rate at which MDMA was metabolized.  Many popular herbs, supplements, and spices influence the expression of various liver enzymes. 




 Looks like the kind of tube some dispensaries will sell you pre-rolled cones in. 




  I'm wondering if that is what he truly feels or if it was just the drugs talking

I think this is a false dichotomy; it doesn't have to be one or the other.  I don't know you all, but if I had to guess, I would guess that this is how he really felt in the moment he said it.

But that moment was partially drug-induced, right?  Depressants don't make people think other people are their soul mates, but he wouldn't have said that without taking the depressants.  So you should be a bit skeptical, and so should he.  If he isn't, then it sounds like he's not being very realistic about his own thoughts and feelings.

But you know, I don't think it's a big deal.  If you two love each other, you'll be able to talk about it and grow closer through that (regardless of the outcome).  Just be honest with him and talk about your experience. 




 I like it.

The lack of bass and inclusion of creepy intervals gives it a distinctly 1980's science fiction feel to me.  At times it feels sort of melodramatic (kinda like 1980's sci-fi, haha) because of this, which I would tone down if it were my work.  To do that, I'd probably just pull back the velocity on the creepy sounding notes, but I might also add / lower the hz of the lowpass on the reverb.

You could do a lot with the sub-bass and bass ranges if you wanted to.  I could hear a sub-bass tone pulsing around .5 to 6 hz really easily, which could add a lot of complexity and change over the course of the piece.  I think just adding a continuous sub-bass tone because it ought to be there would be a mistake, though; the drone has a cool sound *from* the lack of bass, I wouldn't give it up without getting something in return. 




 There is a lot of information on that page, but I didn't see anything that resembled a probable mechanism, nor any direct biological evidence that DMT in concentrations likely to exist in vivo could reduce cellular oxidative stress enough to extend life during hypoxia.

If the information is there, would please you restate it in clear, concise English?  As it is, it hardly seems worth digging for; most genuine funding proposals *lead* with the science.  This leads with new age mumbo jumbo and a ton of name-dropping. 




 Yes, of course - I don't intend to misrepresent you as thinking COX2 is the whole story, nor as thinking that potency and efficacy can be equated.

But despite the disclaimer, your post implies that this difference is highly relevant to the OP's belief that they are similarly powerful.  It really isn't; OP is about right in believing that ibuprofen and curcumin are similarly powerful medicines. 




 No it isn't - it just assumes a synthesis-naive student audience. 




 Ibuprofen is more powerful than Curcumin, atleast at COX-2.
Curcumin's IC50 is 15.9m. Ibuprofen's is 1.5m.

I disagree - it isn't this simple.  I searched Pubmed and found the same two numbers; I don't dispute them.  But these numbers only inform a comparison in COX2 inhibition between equal plasma concentrations of these drugs, not in their efficacy during actual use.

It appears likely that curcumin can be tolerated at higher doses for longer periods of time than ibuprofen can.  In this case, the difference in effect for users may be greatly diminished.  For chronic conditions, curcumin may even be more effective, or similarly effective but with reduced risk of ill effect (as ibuprofen is not tolerated in sustained high doses).

More importantly, the [mechanisms by which curcumin works](http://www.mdpi.com/1420-3049/20/5/9183) are numerous and varied, going well beyond inhibition of COX2.  The [mechanisms by which ibuprofen works](https://www.pharmgkb.org/pathway/PA166121942) are also quite varied, though COX inhibition is often heavily emphasized.

I doubt that it is possible to present a rational argument that one or the other  can be known to be a more effective treatment for any particular inflammatory disease state without relying on empirical data from a clinical study comparing both drugs at work in a diseased population.  Pharmacology is very, very complicated; scientists have good reason to use pharmacology to inform the development of treatments, and not as a means of developing them.  Clinical trials are necessary to test hypotheses about the efficacy of potential treatments; pharmacology is necessary to generate new hypotheses and inform trial design. 




 It's worth looking into, in my opinion - the obvious choices haven't worked for you, CBD has immense potential as a treatment for social anxiety, and many states now have CBD-only prohibition exemptions. 









 500 to 1000mg is a common dose, and has worked well for me personally.  A wide range of doses have been used in the clinical literature; there is quite good evidence that curcumin in this dosage range or even below it can help inflammatory disorders.  For example, [this study](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21194249) used a dose of only ~100mg curcumin twice daily in the form of two Meriva tablets, and found benefit for knee osteoarthritis.

I wouldn't worry too much about the acute effects that you notice; pain is highly subjective anyway, and it's unlikely that you'd be able to distinguish the effects from placebo if you were given curcumin in a single-dose blind test.  This is also true of ibuprofen, etc. - likely true of most pain meds that aren't opioids.

That doesn't mean it won't help you over time, though - there is plenty of evidence that curcumin reduces inflammation to a clinically relevant extent that improves inflammation dependent disease states over time.  It's a good medicine for what it does, and could be a good adjunct treatment to help manage the stiffness and joint pain associated with TMJD (which obviously needs to be treated through other modalities as well). 




 The answer depends on what you want from curcumin, and on how long its effects last.

Do you want to build up an ongoing anti-inflammatory effect to treat a chronic inflammatory disease, or do you want an acute effect to treat acute pain?

Curcumin takes about an hour to reach peak levels in your blood, and has a half-life around an hour as well unless delivered in certain nanoparticle preparations.  This suggests that its action begins within a half-hour or so of taking it, and trails off about three hours after that.  Taking it with a meal should stretch this out by an hour or so.

Meriva apparently uses a time-release formulation, but according to the data on their website it doesn't actually seem to change the time course outlined above.  I'm not confident about this - their presentation is confusing.  Generic curcumin+piperine supplements are far cheaper and have strong research behind them; they'll probably yield a much better return on investment as you could buy two or three times the curcumin for the price and get the same or better bioavailability.  Any supplement with 5mg+ piperine per 500mg curcumin will do.

Anyway - if you want it to have an ongoing effect, you'll have to take it a couple times a day.  For example, with breakfast and at bedtime.

If you only care about it working at night, then you could just take it at night.

Given that curcumin is so cheap if you take a few minutes to find the best deal online, and taking a pill with breakfast is easy, it seems worthwhile to take it 2x a day if you have a chronic condition that it could help. 




 Well, you've tried a lot of the things that are commonly recommended...on to the slightly more obscure, I guess.

If it's available where you live and you can afford it, you should consider cannabidiol - either as an isolate/extract, or in the form of high cannabidiol low THC cannabis.  There is a decent body of scientific evidence supporting its use as a treatment for social anxiety.

For examples, read the introduction of this paper:

[Cannabidiol Reduces the Anxiety Induced by Simulated Public Speaking in Treatment-Nave Social Phobia Patients](http://www.nature.com/npp/journal/v36/n6/full/npp20116a.html).

There's also a strong body of anecdotal evidence available on reddit and elsewhere for CBD or CBD+THC's efficacy in treating social anxiety, generalized anxiety, and PTSD-like symptoms (for what that's worth). 




 Debunk This: Cold Showers Helpful for Depression/Anxiety

The title of your post, the first line of which is a link to the study.  That is the misrepresentation, because the study does not claim this at all.  It claims that more research should be done to find out *whether* cold showers are helpful for depression/anxiety. 




 Whoah dude 




 When administered with piperine, curcumin reaches its maximum levels in blood serum within an hour or so, and shows a half-life around an hour as well.  One nano-particle formulation has shown a much longer half-life, but with comparable peak levels etc (mentioned in the examine.com link).

Ibuprofen, a popular synthetic anti-inflammatory, also takes an hour on average (varies by preparation) to reach max levels in blood serum.  This doesn't mean ibuprofen takes effect in the same amount of time as curcumin, as their mechanisms of action differ (they produce very similar anti-inflammatory results, but in different ways).  But they are probably quite similar in their time to action.  Ibuprofen is often said to have an onset time around 30 minutes.

[Bioavailability of ibuprofen following oral administration...](http://www.biomedcentral.com/1472-6904/9/19)

A small amount of piperine must be included for curcumin to be absorbed in humans at all; you shouldn't use any curcumin supplement that doesn't include at least 5mg (more is not better; 5mg piperine per 500mg curcumin is more than enough).


Sources for curcumin's pharmacokinetics etc:

[Examine.com: Curcumin](http://examine.com/supplements/Curcumin/)

[A Comprehensive Review on Pharmacotherapeutics of Herbal Bioenhancers](http://www.hindawi.com/journals/tswj/2012/637953/) 




 Ganoderma is a genus of mushrooms.  It is not an herb. 




 Guys, quick!  Tell the editors at [Nature](http://www.nature.com/nphys/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/nphys3343.html) about their terrible mistake so they can revoke publication! 




 In that thread, it was strongly implied that there was a middle manager whose *personal* views about bitcoin were causing Google as a company to avoid innovation involving Bitcoin.  I did not find that particularly believable.

What you're suggesting is quite different (a senior decision carried out by a middle manager), and much more believable. 




 There is an important difference.  Using the statue you linked as an example, the key phrase pointing to this difference is

until the warrant is executed. 

Of course search warrants are not a matter of public record *before they are executed*, because this would undermine the purpose of the warrant (to obtain evidence by force).  FISA court records remain secret after the warrant has been executed. 




 3  




 That is not true at all.  I guess you care more about being right than anything; no point in corresponding further. 




 The court is considered "secret" because its proceedings and records are all classified.  This might not seem like a big deal if you're ignorant of how the United States' legal system is designed to function. 




 It isn't considered secret because its *existence* is secret, but because its hearings are conducted in secret and all substantive records are classified.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Foreign_Intelligence_Surveillance_Court#Secrecy

That might not sound like a big deal if you don't know much about how the United States' legal system is designed to function.  In brief: courts are public for a very good reason, and when they aren't, more abuse happens. 




 I seriously doubt that's where the downvotes come from.

Perhaps gossip was too strong a word - but I doubt I would have been spared the downvotes if I had just called it a lousy primary source. 




 That success could very easily be due to initial good decisions, and have very little to do with the quality of strategic decisions made now.

Hmm...I don't believe that it could be so extreme.  Google's initial success was about 15 years ago, and most of their growth occurred over the next decade after that.  It seems to me that they have demonstrated much more than successfully executing their early ideas. 




 For the most part, I agree that we should condemn driving under the **influence** of psychedelics.  But I have yet to meet a person who can't understand the difference between *no effect at all* and *some effect*.  When people make ridiculous statements, it discredits them.  To claim that there is no safe amount of drug to drive on is obviously ridiculous, because there is always a dose that has a no effect at all, and doses whose effects are marginal, etc.

I would drive after a half-glass of wine with dinner, because it does not effect my perceptual or attentive abilities.  I would drive 3 hours after taking LSD that barely did anything.  I would encourage anybody else to do the same, and I would attempt to refute anybody who claimed that I was being irresponsible in doing so. 




 You edited your posts to include brain regions...nice.  At the time of my writing, it was true. 




 If I read that same primary source in an article by the New York Times (or whatever secondary source you like) I would think it was a crap article.  It's just gossip, no matter who delivers it.

It's like reading a "news article" on Reddit whose sole source is a post on Reddit from last week.  Who cares?

edit:  Ruh roh, I'm disagreeing with popular opinion on /r/bitcoin.  Downvotes incoming. 




 Google remains an outlier.  I'm not saying they're the best company ever, or that their business practices are admirable, or anything like that.  I'm saying that they are unusually successful, in a tier above most other companies in terms of *success*.

That is true.  Look at their stock price.  Compare it to their competitors.  Laugh at how ridiculous MoDuReddit's comment below appears in the context of data. 




 Huh...well, what you said is true, but you're using this phrase "like every company" in a very different way than I meant.

I did not mean "Google is a wonderful good company where nobody makes mistakes."  I meant "Google is an unusually successful company."  That is true.  It also suggests that they have overcome some problems that other companies have not.

Apparently /r/bitcoin doesn't like that fact stated.

Sigh...echo chambers. 




 Oh dear - thank you for correcting me.

There I was, adrift in the dark seas of ignorance, believing that validity and soundness could be rightly equated...but lo, the wise and wonderful /u/MagnusT came and enlightened me with their profound nibblets of truth and reason...from /r/bestof ! 




 Well, all kinds of things are possible.  Mere possibility accompanied with a couple sentences of gossip hardly merit a front-page article. 




 Hmm...it seems to me that whether an excellent emulation of emotion would be good enough (or desirable) is open to debate, but could not reasonably be known until it had been tested repeatedly.

But I disagree that it is necessary at all.  For young children, teaching could be done by AI accompanied by one or more babysitter-like adults (or teenagers).  So the AI would replace the expensive teaching labor, and open up more inexpensive babysitting labor.

But for adults and perhaps teenagers and even older children, an AI teacher lacking emotional simulation may be sufficient all on its own.

Certainly AI without emotions would be sufficient for adults - college professors are not expected nor required to provide emotional support to students whatsoever.  You could learn from the privacy of your home, or in small study groups composed of your existing peers, in a private lecture and Q/A session from an amalgamation of the knowledge and teaching styles of the greatest minds in recent history...likely for the cost of equipment and little more. 




 I have no idea - I don't know Mike, and there was almost no content in the link about the Google claim...

But one middle manager 
there (who shall remain nameless) hates Bitcoin and has the ability to veto most kinds 
of work Googlers could do on it. I had to repeatedly go over his head in order to get 
bitcoinj released and most employees simply aren't willing to engage in that kind of 
corporate politics.

Is all I could find.  Seems highly improbable, and there is no evidence offered.  Perhaps Mike is lying; perhaps Mike is mistaken; perhaps Mike is very naive about management practices, and is honestly reporting an experience that is badly distorted by that naivete.  Who knows?

  I honestly don't understand why this thread exists; it should have been downvoted into oblivion as a crap source, as far as I'm concerned. 




 This does happen a great deal in the stoner echo chambers of Reddit and various social media sites.  But I am certainly not interested in discounting the findings of the study linked in the OP.  I have often championed negative research findings about THC in particular on Reddit. 




 This post is the first time you've discussed a specific brain region.  Doesn't that seem just a bit disingenuous for you to chide me now for criticizing your prior posts, given that they did not specify any particular part of the brain?

...

Also, I do not see how any particular thing you've cited and claimed in this reply contradicts anything I have said. 




 Come on, now you're making truly ridiculous claims.  Everybody has *some* non-zero quantity of humor, however small. 




 I don't see how it's relevant whether I've worked for a difficult middle manager or not, but for the record, I have (and I've been one).  I'm not saying that this never happens - just that I seriously doubt it is happening in this case. 




 Yeah, usually middle managers aren't a big deal at a huge corporation like that.  People often become a middle manager by accident, just by doing their job reasonably well and staying at the company for a few years. 




 Haha.  I find it quite believable for most companies (especially any one that I've worked for). 




 As stated elsewhere in this thread, the research you are considering relates to different parts of the brain from those reported on in this study; this study provides no evidence for your speculations.  I think this demonstrates my point fairly well.

Although it is popular nowadays to believe things about "serotonin levels" and "oxytocin levels" fluctuating in the entire brain, and this causing various affective states, there are no scientific bases for almost any of these ideas.  Even highly generalized neurotransmitter systems like the serotonin system make specific connections in specific areas with differentiated receptor subtypes and functions throughout the brain.

So you can imagine how skeptical a person might be when they read something like

lowered Oxytocin levels highly correlated with behavior patterns of long term stoners

if that person understands that the actual finding always specifies a specific location - and must do so, because oxytocin's role can only be understood in relation to what it is doing and where. 




 Your statement in no way contradicts it being safe to drive on a sub-threshold dose of LSD.  I'm ashamed to see this sub engaging in petty disagreement-driven downvoting. 




 Google is not like most companies; it is an exceptional company (i.e. it is an outlier).  I would not expect major decisions at Google to be based on the personal preferences of relatively junior employees such as middle managers. 




 I have a very hard time believing that these effects are the result of rogue middle managers. 




 How do you know?  If the effect is mediated by cannabinoid receptors, it seems the great coincidence would be if CBD *didn't* interact in that specific way (i.e. the way it has already been demonstrated to interact with THC and cannabinoid receptors). 




 You're being ridiculous.  There is some amount of LSD on which it is safe to drive.  You can't reasonably claim that a sub-threshold dose of LSD is unsafe to drive on, for example; it has no effect. 




 This presentation of data is profoundly misleading.  It implies that all members of each profession displayed are either Democrats or Republicans, which is obviously untrue.

[About 43% of Americans are independants](http://www.gallup.com/poll/180440/new-record-political-independents.aspx) 




 Google is a profoundly successful, massive multinational corporation.  I don't find it plausible that their decision making process about working with Bitcoin could possibly be this simplistic. 




 I believe so.  I searched for a couple minutes, but could find no suggestion that B6 turns urine yellow. 




 If it was only B12, then it doesn't matter.

The effect is mostly caused by B2, which is yellow and is rapidly cleared in urine; I believe some other non-12 B vitamins also contribute.  Almost any B-complex or generic "B Vitamin" supplement taken in a sufficient dose (e.g. 500% RDA, a common 1-pill dose) will turn your urine bright yellow. 




 Why not?  It seems like a reasonable hypothesis.  I was only able to access the abstract, so cannot tell whether the authors identified a mechanism; if these effects are mediated by a mechanism that CBD is known to interfere with, it would seem very likely that CBD could protect against this effect. 




 Perhaps such ideas could be used to generate hypotheses for further research, but stated as a series of  tenable conclusions your post appears wildly speculative. 




 OP is really small

 5'7 and 130lb with little fat

I doubt they could fail. 




 If the sample was yellowish and you didn't take a heavy B-vitamin supplement that day, it should not come up dilute.  Normal people who aren't trying to beat the test may drink as much as you did in the normal course of their day; if that qualified the sample for being diluted, they would have to either instruct you not to drink so much or reject a large proportion of their samples.

B-vitamin supplements will turn your pee very yellow for several hours if the dose is high, as it often is (even in multivitamins).  In this case, you can't use the faint color as a clear indicator of a lack of dilution. 




 The title of your post:

Debunk this: Cold Showers Helpful for Depression/Anxiety

The content of the link:

Depression is a debilitating mood disorder that is among the top causes of disability worldwide. It can be characterized by a set of somatic, emotional, and behavioral symptoms, one of which is a high risk of suicide. **This work presents a hypothesis** that depression may be caused by the convergence of two factors: (A) A lifestyle that lacks certain physiological stressors that have been experienced by primates through millions of years of evolution, such as brief changes in body temperature (e.g. cold swim), and this lack of "thermal exercise" may cause inadequate functioning of the brain. (B) Genetic makeup that predisposes an individual to be affected by the above condition more seriously than other people. **To test the hypothesis, an approach to treating depression is proposed** that consists of adapted cold showers (20 degrees C, 2-3 min, preceded by a 5-min gradual adaptation to make the procedure less shocking) performed once or twice daily. The proposed duration of treatment is several weeks to several months. The following evidence appears to support the hypothesis: Exposure to cold is known to activate the sympathetic nervous system and increase the blood level of beta-endorphin and noradrenaline and to increase synaptic release of noradrenaline in the brain as well. Additionally, due to the high density of cold receptors in the skin, a cold shower is expected to send an overwhelming amount of electrical impulses from peripheral nerve endings to the brain, which could result in an anti-depressive effect. Practical testing by a statistically insignificant number of people, who did not have sufficient symptoms to be diagnosed with depression, showed that the cold hydrotherapy can relieve depressive symptoms rather effectively. The therapy was also found to have a significant analgesic effect and it does not appear to have noticeable side effects or cause dependence. **In conclusion, wider and more rigorous studies would be needed to test the validity of the hypothesis.**

I don't think I was unreasonable in my assessment at all.  You misrepresented this work as making a claim it didn't make, and that was the only falsity presented.

p.s.
ETA:  estimated time of arrival. 




 that is a simple algorithm that picks one battery a sufficient distance from the last set and positions the next three relative to the first one so the closest (or axial) distance to the previous set is within a certain pre-programmed range. This is hardly an AI. This machine could be made entirely without any electronic sensors or programming chips, it could all be mechanical / analog, would you still call it AI? If you were to stack one battery onto another or get two stuck together it would likely make a mistake or crash.

Whether this is an AI or a simple algorithm (or both) seems like a potentially interesting discussion, but ultimately one of semantics - which algorithms qualify as AI, and which do not?  Whatever answer is "true" depends solely on the definition of AI; it's a question about how we choose to use words, not an empirical question.

It also seems to me that any AI *will be an algorithm* (or collection of algorithms).  A sufficiently complex algorithm that models intelligence is an AI.  So the difference between the sorting algorithm for that robot and an AI, for you, seems to be one of degree and not of kind.  If that robot sorter were complex enough, you'd call it AI.

AI complex enough to teach children is beyond our lifetime 

Is it really?  Well, this claim certainly doesn't follow from what you said before it.  Perhaps it is true, perhaps not.  It's an empirical question with only one right answer.

Here's an AI that seems somewhat more relevant, and certainly more complex:

[Deepmind artificial intelligence @ FDOT14](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfGD2qveGdQ)

I doubt this AI, given the sensory and linguistic capacity to interact with human children, and an understanding of the goal of the day's class, would choose such a terrible strategy for child education as the one you proposed (repeating "quiet please" endlessly).

This AI was presented at a conference last year.  It has, among other things, mastered a wide variety of arcade games with no instruction or specialized training, using a form of computer vision to interpret what was happening and what were good and bad outcomes.

That's quite an algorithm...and you really think we can't get one to model any useful teaching activity in the next 50 years or so? 




  Resting energy expenditure during the last 30 min was 4.5+/-2.5% higher in the placebo trial and 10.7+/-2.5% higher (P0.05) in the caffeine/ephedra trial

If that's coming from the 10.7% figure, you're badly mistaken about what that figure means.  It represents an increase in resting energy expenditure following a meal taken with ephedrine and caffeine.  The increase in resting energy expenditure caused by the meal alone was ~4.5% - only **6.2%** of the increase could be attributed to ephedrine, and this increase should be considered a peak effect - not one that can be expected to last 24 hours.

Furthermore, this increase is not in total energy expenditure, but in resting energy expenditure.  In a typical adult, this would never be 2000 calories, but more like ~1500.  This is because it does not include calories burned due to physical activity, which are not changed by ephedrine.

The evidence cited above does not support the claim that ephedrine will cause a 200 calorie increase in total energy expenditure.

edit:

I missed this before.  You said: 

A proper EC dose is 3 times a day, these studies are conducted with a single dose once per day.

This does not matter at all, because the study reported an increase in *rate*, not total expenditure in a day.  You would need additional doses to maintain the increased rate across a longer period of time, but these extra doses would not get you a greater rate.

 




 The only thing to debunk here is your misrepresentation of the paper.  The paper presents a hypothesis and a proposed research study.  You present it as a claim that cold showers have been shown to treat depression and anxiety, which it is not. 




 Where do you get 200 calories a day from? 




 Rocket engines carry their own reaction materials (e.g. fuel + oxygen). 




 https://www.usafreedom.fail/

This page summarizes important points, with links to the relevant sections of the full text. 




 It is!  I am using the board that generates the control signal and midi, and will scavenge the choke in the power supply.  But the rest is available.  I will try to post pictures later today. 




 There's a reason this study is not in their list of studies supporting increased metabolic rate in humans at the top of the page - it was conducted with only 

eight healthy subjects 

all of whom were about 24 years old ("23.4+/-0.8 years").

Incidentally, the authors of this study concluded that 

Although significant, the increase in energy expenditure is negligible in terms of weight loss.

How can that be? **10.7%**!!

That 10.7% figure is a misinterpretation; here it is in context, from the abstract of citation 7:

Resting energy expenditure during the last 30 min was 4.5+/-2.5% higher in the placebo trial and 10.7+/-2.5% higher (P0.05) in the caffeine/ephedra trial

This is an error on Examine's part, because they reported the figure as though it represented the difference between normal metabolism and metabolism on ephedrine, which it obviously is not.

The correct figure would be 10.7 - 4.5 = 6.2%, which approximately agrees with the other studies cited in that paragraph.  This increase is in resting energy expenditure, so does not include exercise etc.  So for a normal sized healthy adult you could be looking at 1600kcal * .062 = 100kcal / day according to this study, **if you assume this rate change lasts all day**...which is a huge assumption, and one the authors clearly didn't support, given their conclusion...

Although significant, the increase in energy expenditure is negligible in terms of weight loss.
 




 Can you link?  I've never seen anything reasonably applicable to human use over 5% (which is probably unrealistically high).

edit:  I looked at the two studies examine.com has for EC / ECA stack metabolic rate.  Each study examined the effect of a meal + ephedrine / EC stack on metabolic rate for the hour or few hours after the meal, comparing it to a placebo (just the meal, no drugs).  Only one study gave a quantified difference, which in the best case for non-obese individuals was about a .05 kcal / minute greater increase in metabolic rate post meal with the ephedrine.  .05 x 60 (minutes/hr) x 24 (hrs/day) = 72 calories a day.  But this calculation assumes that the increased rate persists for 24 hours, which is unlikely considering that it was measured just after a meal.

So it seems that the best case at a great stretch with much benefit of the doubt that examine.com's citations can support is about a 75 cal a day increase in metabolic rate. 




 So, education still requires a teacher.

But what makes you think that that teacher can't be an AI?

[Watch this video of a robot sorting randomly placed batteries](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ClXfa4stfJM)

This is the work of an AI that currently exists, and can perfectly sort objects in arbitrary two-dimensional arrangements.  It isn't following a pre-programmed motion - it decides how to move to sort the objects presented.

How is the task of teaching different from this?  What is so special about creative thought - what do you think creative thought *is*?  To me it seems obvious that it is different in degree - it is a more sophisticated and complex task - but not in kind.  It's the same kind of problem.  And it can be reduced to a series of deterministic algorithms that an AI can perform as well or better than a human teacher. 




 Basically any jobs that requires thinking or judgement calls on the fly. Sales, nurses, most skilled trades (electrician, plumbers, etc.), education, law, almost all coding related jobs, analysts, social work, management, etc.

If it requires creative thinking to do, even if rarely, that job probably can't be automated.

Why not?  What do you think is so special about creative thinking and decision making that it can't be done by an adequately sophisticated AI (or AI+ robot)?
 




 The figure I've seen is 4-10% piperine by dry weight.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9619120

in humans after a dose of 2 g curcumin alone, serum levels were either undetectable or very low. Concomitant administration of piperine 20 mg produced much higher concentrations from 0.25 to 1 h post drug (P  0.01 at 0.25 and 0.5 h; P  0.001 at 1 h), the increase in bioavailability was 2000%. The study shows that in the dosages used, piperine enhances the serum concentration, extent of absorption [yada yada yada]

So according to this, at least, about ~300mg of pepper (20-30mg of piperine) increases bioavailability by ~%2000.

That would be a good amount of black pepper - well more than a pinch.  More like a teaspoon or so.

But research is like that - dosage is high to ensure that you can find an effect.  I wouldn't take that figure as a dosage recommendation, but as an upper bound.  This is why I also based my recommendation on common product configurations.  Many use only a few milligrams of piperine (approximately equivalent to a pinch of black pepper).

If 20mg raised bioavailability by 2000%, how much will 5mg raise it?  Could be 2000%, could be 500%, could be 1.4355%.  But for various reasons that have to do with how piperine actually does this (see [this article](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3458266/) for more detail), I believe it's quite unlikely that the effect suddenly appears at the fairly massive dose of 20mg but is inadequate at 3-5mg.

...

I agree with your point about the practicality of dosing turmeric vs isolated curcumin as an antiinflammatory drug - you just need too much curcumin.  You can probably get a useful lifestyle enhancing / lifelong effect by eating curry all the time, but for an acute effect like you would get by taking an ibuprofen, you really should use an extract.  One or two capsules vs several tbsp of turmeric?  Easy choice.

But with piperine, I disagree.  The dose you actually need - not the research dose to confirm an effect exists, the end user dose - just isn't very high.  You can just eat a meal that includes a decent bit of pepper (what meal doesn't) and then dose.  If you're concerned, eat a meal that includes a bit of pepper and then dose with a supplement formulated with piperine for a wider margin. 




 There are strong relationships between cannabinoids and opioids, cannabinoid receptors and opiate receptors.  The systems seem to work together.

In any case:  a daily hit of endogenous opioids and cannabinoids can be yours for the rest of your life, at the low low cost of half an hour of cardio daily.

http://www.jneurosci.org/content/22/3/1146.full.pdf

http://www.jneurosci.org/content/21/14/5344.full

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/3033219

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neurobiological_effects_of_physical_exercise#.CE.B2-Endorphin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neurobiological_effects_of_physical_exercise#Anandamide

etc 




 Intense exercise may be another good one.  Doesn't work as well if you're out of shape - you have to do some work to get a decent psychoactive effect out of exercise.  But it does work, and via a similar route to opiates (maybe a bonus for you).

I doubt you'll be able to sustain habitual opiate, benzo, or alcohol use in this way without experiencing the ill effects of tolerance and physical dependence.  You'd be better off looking at lifestyle changes.  It takes effort, trial and error, etc...but you can actually gain a substantial, lasting positive change in your mood, motivation, attentive abilities, memory, and so on.  No drug habit will do that for you. 




 /r/hailcorporate 




 You need a lot of turmeric and a very little bit of black pepper, judging by the ratios that are common in research and offered curcumin/piperidine supplements.  Think 2tbsp turmeric and a tiny pinch of black pepper.  Take it after a meal that contains fat.

If you're anything like me, a few doses of that will get you thinking about buying a curcumin supplement in capsule form.  Turmeric contains ~2% to 4% curcumin, and you want a few hundred milligrams of curcumin to get a decent dose; that 2tbsp dose above was probably a bit small.  This stuff is pretty cheap if you shop online and know how to find a good deal; a potent curcumin/piperidine supplement can replace ibuprofen in your medicine cabinet and is worth a little cash imo. 




 Yes, fuck yohimbine.  Not safe in this combination. 




 CUTTING RAGE STRIKES AGAIN

CAN"T EAT MUST DESTROY NOOBS 




  does ECA stacks actually burn fat by themselves, or does it only cut your appetite?

It's a little of each.  It increases your resting metabolism a little bit (~50 calories a day), gives you a moderate energy boost, and usually destroys your appetite.

In practice, the increased energy and appetite suppression are the primary benefit.  It might not sound important now, but if you're actually dieting into a caloric deficit, that boost could make the difference between doing a decent cardio workout today and not; the appetite suppression can make the difference between actually dieting at a 500cal deficit and nibbling away 200 calories of it because you're hungry and bored.

That kind of thing actually adds up over a few weeks into a difference in fat loss 




 Can't read the article without registering. 




 Well said; I concur.  Better to err on the side of more philosophical discourse than less. 




 I think this is a fair point.  I dismissed the question above as misplace because I honest do not believe that the OP is seeking the kind of answers that would come from an actual philosophical inquiry into the question.

OP wants to know whether people who have had experience X ever end up having experience Y afterward.  That isn't an ideological question - it's an empirical question.

So it seems to me that the kind of answer OP wants - whether this phenomenon occurs or does not - is an answer from science, and not from academic philosophy. 




 I'd be happy to answer that - I think it's an interesting question.

But first: what does the word philosophy mean to you? 




 Sure...but this question isn't particularly relevant to the discipline of academic philosophy.  As others suggested, you'll probably get a better discussion in a sub that's about personal transformation etc. 




 Congratulations. :) 




 Any of the classical psychedelics (LSD, mushrooms, cacti / mescaline, DMT, ayahuasca).  Your intention and setting are important, as any of these substances could be used in low or moderate doses for entertainment as well.

If you have suffered any significant trauma in your life, are anxious or depressed, etc, then MDMA would be as likely as anything above to induce a life-changing experience.  It may be better to start here if you're inexperienced and seeking positive change to a painful life situation, as MDMA has a strong positive push to it that can clear a lot of obstacles that could be quite difficult for an inexperienced person to handle on psychedelics.

You must test any chemical substance (e.g. MDMA, LSD, mescaline, DMT) before use to determine that it is what it's been claimed to be. 




 I recently tried 3.5 grams of cubensis with much the same outcome--a come up really similar to the come up I get on MDMA, some minor visuals (textures, movement in things that are already patterned in "the real world," some slight trails) but the trip was really mild, really short...

This sounds like what many people would experience on a dose of 1.5 or 2 grams.  You could try taking 5 grams or so, see if anything changes.  Some people seem to require higher doses.  I have yet to find anybody who is naturally immune (but have met many who have temporary SSRI induced immunity, etc).

But first you should determine whether another substance you're taking is interfering, as this is a very common reason to have blunted or absent effects from psychedelics.

What medications, drugs, supplements, etc. had you taken recently when these experiences occurred? 




 Don't be silly.  The correct labeling of supplements depends on local regulation.  Looks like they're required to list the weight of the individual tabs and the total weight of the package contents, and that these figures are not intended to show the dosage (which is presumably listed in Chinese elsewhere on the label). 




 Don't freak out; you probably just need to know a little more Chinese to find the actual dose.  Extremely unlikely that they are selling tabs made of pure melatonin; 500mg is about how much a typical packed 0 capsule weighs.]

Why don't you show us a picture of the rest of the label? 




 It seems reasonably likely that the actual dose is written elsewhere on the package in Chinese, and that the 500mg per tablet 30g per package is a measurement of total mass, not the dosage. 




 This may be the winning answer.  It seems highly unlikely that these tabs actually contain 500mg of melatonin. A well packed 0 size capsule often weighs about this much total. 




 Have you abandoned your claim that the lack of non-human animal civilization is conclusive evidence that non-human intelligent animals are less intelligent than humans? 




 The story in that link is unlikely to be true; the behavior described is extremely unprofessional, and unlike anything I've heard or experienced of pre-employment testing procedures.  Results are not usually available until a couple of business days after specimen collection, and are not shared by word of mouth to the applicant, but through paperwork delivered to the *employer*.

If that's the only evidence against the product, and you have good reason to trust it, you should not be concerned. 




  I'm looking to know about when I will be able to pass an accurate urine drug test, ways to speed up the process, or cheat the system. 

You can't speed up the rate at which your body eliminates THC and its metabolites by any appreciable amount.  Don't waste your time and effort trying.

What you can do is cheat the system.  If your parents are going to test your urine with a kit they bought, you can probably fool this by drinking an extra gallon or two of water the day of the test (or every day until they test, if the day is unknown).  Also, you should not give the first urine of the day for testing.  Make some excuse to ensure that you can give a dilute sample.

If you're going to have to pass a real drug test, done by a lab, then you should follow [this tried and true method](https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/33vb0i/i_have_to_pass_a_drug_test_in_three_weeks_and_i/cqop3vx) if you have time, or else find a way to substitute fake or another person's urine.

I only smoke once every weekend

Oh, haha.  Actually, you can probably pass any test within a week if you follow the dilution method linked above.  Don't bother messing around with fake sample substitution.  Just delay for a week, follow the link above, and you'll pass anything. 




 Yes, of course intelligence does not cause civilization.  But do you understand why your argument is flawed?

However, some intelligence is obviously not sufficient, as there are many intelligent species that have not created civilization

You're assuming that the lack of non-human animal civilization is evidence of a lack of non-human animal intelligence, and ignoring all the other possible explanations of why non-human animals have not created civilization. 




 *Might* is the key word here.  You have no idea whether this is true, and have presented no evidence to suggest that it is true.  By comparison, there is ample evidence that bottle-nose dolphins possess similar cognitive abilities to our own.

Why not look at any of the other differences between human and non-human intelligent animals?  Of those animals known to have advanced cognitive abilities and complex social structures, humans are the only ones with hands.  Perhaps civilization can only occur if you have appendages that can be used to build complex tools.

edit:

Intelligence can be presumed as a prerequisite for forming a civilization.

Yes.

some intelligence is obviously not sufficient, as there are many intelligent species that have not created civilization

No.  You are arguing that 

A is needed for B

B has not occurred

Therefore, A has not occurred.

This logic is faulty.  Consider this:

Wood is required for a fire.

Fire has not occurred.

Therefore, there is no wood.

But what if I had wood, but no spark?  Then this argument would produce a false conclusion. 




  Not necessarily... we only have one example of human-like high intelligence, i.e. with the capacity to create a civilization.

Hmm.  Perhaps I misunderstood you.  The abbreviation "i.e." essentially means "in other words."  I took you to mean that in your view, the fact that humans created civilization shows that their cognitive capacity is beyond that of any other species that has not created civilization.

This conclusion obviously does not follow, as intelligence does not require civilization creating capacities.

There is plenty of scientific literature on the various cognitive, social, and perceptual abilities of human and non-human animals.  It does not support your assertion that intelligence in any broad sense can be adequately modeled as a continuum, nor that humans are far more advanced than all other known intelligent species. 

edit:  Even within human beings, intelligence cannot be modeled as a continuum.  The closest you can really get is a collection of continuous measures.  These might be used to derive a single IQ for practical purposes (e.g. predicting whether a child will need special education), but that IQ is only a summary of a series of variables used as indexes of various cognitive capacities (e.g. spatial visualization) - which are themselves indexes of still more specific capacities (e.g. mentally rotating a 2-dimensional figure). 




 It's easy to condemn people over the internet from the comfort of your home, or on your phone as you go freely about your day.

I saw the contradictions in his letter, too.  But how can I hate this person for regretting actions that have put him through the last year and a half of imprisonment and trial, and which will now take at least the next twenty years from him?

That is incredibly cold, and incredibly naive.  You should go commit some non-violent crime that puts you in jail for a month, and then see if you can still be so callous. 




 we only have one example of human-like high intelligence

It is extremely unlikely that this is true; that you offer this as an unqualified, unsupported claim suggests that you are ignorant of the scientific literature on this topic.

Although the suggestion that octopuses are a comparable intelligence is unlikely to be true, there are two other groups of species containing members whose intelligence may be approximately equivalent to our own: toothed whales and elephants.

Most of the scientific evidence we formerly used to justify human cognitive supremacy (e.g. brain-body size ratios, cortical convolution and relative surface area) can just as easily support the cognitive supremacy of bottle-nosed dolphins, for example.

Here's an article that discusses toothed whale intelligence and seems especially relevant to the thread:

[Dolphin social intelligence: complex alliance relationships in bottlenose dolphins and a consideration of selective environments for extreme brain size evolution in mammals](http://rstb.royalsocietypublishing.org/content/362/1480/587.short) 




 Sure - the metaphor only goes so far.  But your argument depends on inevitable expropriation being a good enough reason not to even *try* establishing new ways to express the idea of anarchism.  Doesn't that seem a bit ridiculous, considering that every useful thing has a finite (and often quite short) lifespan? 




 That is true.  It's also true that psilocin is quite unstable and most of it is lost on drying.  You're really just looking at small effects like gastric emptying time (slower absorption from whole mushrooms vs. isolated compound or tea) and traces of baeocystin as probable mechanisms for some minor difference in effect.

Every time I've used mushrooms was distinct from every other time I've used mushrooms, despite obvious consistencies.  The same holds for LSD and all other psychedelics I've taken more than once.  I wouldn't expect myself to be able to distinguish the difference between 4 AcO and mushroom tea. 
























 It could be a failure of their label printing procedure, and in reality they just didn't have a value for the CBD test (i.e. their software may be converting a null value to 0.0%).  Seems more likely than not as that figure with that precision being true is improbable without some GMO cannabis with the enzyme knocked out.  




 OP explicitly framed this as a hypothetical question not related to actual differences in cruelty within any particular existing supply chain. 




  It's one thing to breed a creature to be good food and then use it as food. It's entirely another to breed it to be a companion and then use it as food.

So in your view, what makes it wrong to kill dogs as food?  Because that's not the best way to use them?  I'm having a hard time seeing how the way human beings have bred the animal makes it better or worse to kill it and eat it. 




 So if Republicans do what they say they do, I am happy as my wallet is untouched (or less touched) and I carry on with my life

I don't think you have an accurate view of what Republicans say they want to do.  Like, I get they sometimes say they want smaller government and less taxes, but they also say they want:

* Increased military budget
* Increased domestic spying + budget
* Increased / maintained subsidies for agriculture and fossil fuel (varies slightly by state)
* Increased federal grants for militarizing local police forces to combat TERROERRISISMMMS

Etc.  These are all common public positions for Republicans these days.  It doesn't make sense to value their abstract statements of position (e.g. "I'm for small government") over the concrete one's (e.g. "Increase the defense budget!"); where they conflict, the concrete position is all that matters, as it is the only one that is reasonably predictive of behavior. 




 Well, that seems quite unreasonable.  Lets see some numbers to support your belief that live shows are what small-time artists live off of. 




 Take a look around bandcamp, for example.  There are a ton of small-time artists on there selling a lot of units and keeping most of the proceeds.  Their artists made ~$3 million last month from fans buying music and merchandise.  Artists keep 85% of the revenue when you buy music from them on bandcamp.  Lot of small-time artists sell a lot of digital albums there; when you're living on working-class level income, even just a few hundred dollars a month is a big deal (i.e. a few dozen albums sold).

Local and regional artists can sell a ton of digital tracks, but they can't play unlimited shows, and most of what they play doesn't pay very well.  When your gigs are in local businesses (e.g. bars, cafes, artist's collectives) and you play to audiences of a couple dozen, you make a few hundred bucks, split it up among the band, and hope to do this a few nights each week. 




 Go to a high end electronics store to try headphones out, then buy online.  If you're buying high-end phones ($200+) and you want to save money, buy a factory refurbished model on ebay for as much as half-price.

This is what I do, and have been doing for years, for my home studio monitoring and mixing phones.  Let's me buy much better headphones for my budget. 




 Yeah, /r/internetparents could be a good place to get advice.  Or just /r/askreddit or the superior /r/trueaskreddit . 




 Are there other, related situations that also scare you?  What was it about the grocery store that made you uncomfortable?

A lot of people will advise a young person who's apprehensive about getting work to go and do it anyway, as it's an important step in growing up, etc.  I pretty much agree, but I also think it's worthwhile for you to consider *why* this is so unsettling for you before going forward.  It sounds like you have much more apprehension than most people would in your situation, and I think you should go into the situation prepared with some awareness of why you're having this anxiety and what you can do to manage it. 




 I don't understand.  Your father won't let you go to college, or your father doesn't want to pay for it? 




 Perhaps a social movement toward communal, parallel support systems could come from the middle class but extend participation and membership to the working class once underway, if those involved were aware of the problems you mention.

For example:  educated middle-class anarchists could start an agrarian commune that then actively recruits wage slaves to join them and expand together. 




 If you go to the doctor with a complaint about magnesium deficiency (and they aren't able to convince you you don't have it), they can have it tested along with your usual stuff (same sample, nothing special).

if you have normal serum magnesium the odds are still pretty high you have insufficient quantities.

I wonder if you have any evidence to support this claim that isn't from someone trying to sell us magnesium...sounds like a proposition that won't allow itself to be refuted: "You probably have magnesium deficiency, but tests only show *severe* deficiency so your doctor won't be able to find it." 




 I think you're an outlier there; most people I've known who drink are pretty reasonable about it and have few negative side effects.  I have known plenty of people, myself included, who have no desire to drink more than one or two drinks over the course of any particular evening. 




 /r/stopdrinking isn't appropriate, because OP wants to get advice about how to figure out whether their boyfriend has a drinking problem, not only advice about how to intervene.  If OP goes to /r/stopdrinking they'll probably assume it's a drinking problem and go straight to the advice about how to intervene. 




 /r/askdrugs 




 I doubt you'll be able to find any source of magnesium glycinate or a similar supplement where the bulk material didn't originate in China.  If you do, please post here. 




 Sounds like you could use a new thread - that's a whole topic of its own.  I'd be happy to discuss it if you make a debate thread here. 




 I asked because you seemed to think it was strange for the initial shooter to have missed the crowd, which suggested to me that you were unaware of how difficult it is to actually hit anything intentionally with a firearm.

Is precisely why vigilante Uber drivers playing ametuer SWAT are bad policy.

I don't believe this is anybody's policy.  Like many people on this sub, I see gun control as a complex political issue.  A government monopoly on use of firearms in public is not necessarily a good thing, even if there are downsides to some or all of the alternatives. 




 Not that I saw, no.  I based what I said on the fact that their target was near a crowd of people, and they fired several shots into him.  Seems likely the second shooter was trained as they apparently didn't miss. 




 How about a sticky linking to a more appropriate sub in *not all caps* instead?

/r/tripsit 




 Do you have any first-hand experience with firearms?  It's common for an untrained or distracted individual to miss all kinds of large targets, even at relatively close range.

It does seem like the second shooter was very lucky not to hit anybody else, though. 




 There's no way you get this to work with a ping around 200ms, as others have said...way too high for this kind of gameplay.

But could this be done using a local network?  If you got the ping down around 20ms I think it should feel tight enough for something resembling SSB gameplay. 




 There is no evidence that the classical psychedelic drugs have any neurotoxic effects relevant to normal human use.  Most of them have been in use by humans for thousands of years, and all have been used heavily for the last ~60 years and have been studied scientifically to assess safety.  If there was a substantial risk of neurotoxicity in the usual dosage range and use pattern, we would know by now.

There is some evidence for mild cardiac risk, and individuals with heart disease / at risk for heart disease should exercise caution (as they must for any activity that strains the heart).

MDMA is a completely different substance and situation; it is an amphetamine with known potential for neurotoxicity, not unlike that in other amphetamines.  Existing data suggests that MDMA is sometimes neurotoxic at doses used recreationally, but much more research is needed to produce reliable, specific dosage and setting recommendations.  Recent studies have begun to establish safety for low-moderate doses in a controlled environment - you can read up on MAPS and their PTSD studies to learn more about this.

You say:

I really just want to live a healthy life with some experiences to the daily life. I want to keep both my brain and body in good shape, and have looked in to nootropics a bit, but perhaps should I keep the shrooms a bit more distant to my daily life if that's my goal.

In my opinion, you should just stick to the classical psychedelics.  Play it safe, at least until the data is in about MDMA - it shouldn't take too many more years to get a good, clear recommendation derived from good science.  The classical psychedelics will not break your brain, and in the low-moderate doses you're taking, negative experiences aren't a big deal anyway.

Perhaps in time you'll feel more comfortable and curious enough to venture into a full dose entheogenic experience; many people who've done this consider these the most profound and rewarding experiences they've had in their lives.  But you don't have to, and there is no hurry even if you are interested in it.  Good thing to read up on, and there is a wealth of good writing on the subject. 




 That is not relevant to mrdevlar's question, which was about finding evidence for MDMA's effects in isolation from other potentially harmful substances and behaviors. 




 I can't comment on the legal risk, which I assume would be highly dependant on what you said to the hospital staff, and on what region you live in.

But I will say that I think you and your partner should reconsider your assessment of whether MDMA is safe for her to take.  It sounds like she is prone to an unknown, potentially dangerous reaction to the drug.  I would not give MDMA to anybody who showed such a response unless I had a very strong reason for believing it was safe. 




 [9-THC-caused synaptic and memory impairments are mediated through COX-2 signaling](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24267894)

[Preventing marijuana-induced memory problems with OTC painkillers](http://www.elsevier.com/connect/preventing-marijuana-induced-memory-problems-with-OTC-painkillers)

The first link is to the best, most recent scientific evidence I'm aware of that supports this idea; the second link is a write-up explaining that evidence for laypeople. 




 It's already been tested by scientists; THC induced memory problems in mice are blocked by COX2 inhibition.  You can't learn anything new about this with an n=1 self-experiment, but you can reasonably expect pretreatment with COX2 inhibitors to reduce the severity of THC induced memory problems.

Don't exceed the recommendation on the bottle for any OTC pain med; you can fuck your organs more easily than most people expect.  For chronic use, you're probably better off using curcumin, which has a better safety profile than available OTC NSAIDS. 




 I think this experience is largely due to interaction with all the other drugs you're on.  In particular, the cannabis, benzo, antipsychotic (lamotragine), sedative/muscle relaxant (flexeril / cyclobenzaprine), and perhaps ashwaganda are all drugs that are reasonably likely to produce fatigue when taken regularly.

What you describe is not a typical experience of caffeine dependence, but does sound a lot like a person struggling with excessive sedation.  You're taking five different classes of drugs that are all known to cause fatigue.  Trying to reduce your caffeine consumption can only make things worse for you right now; sounds like it's your way of clinging to some semblance of normal waking consciousness.  Your lifestyle, nutrition, and general health are apparently all in order.  **The only reasonable course of action is to reduce / eliminate your intake of sedatives, cannabis, muscle relaxants, and antipsychotics.**

If your doctor won't help you do this, find another doctor who isn't a pawn for the pharm industry. 




 MDMA and amphetamines will be clear in 5 days.  But there are some substances that MDMA is sometimes cut with that could stick around longer and show up in a standard 5 panel.  You should invest in a testing kit and test your material each time you resupply.

[They can be quite affordable if you only need to test MDMA](https://dancesafe.org/product/mecke-reagent-testing-kit/)
 




 You *may* have had a reaction to the glycine.  It definitely wasn't the magnesium - you can get that much magnesium by eating a proper meal.  The sensations in your chest and stomach sound like GI complaints (it's certainly not your heart etc).  Perhaps your GI doesn't like glycine, or perhaps you just need to take it with food.

Regarding magnesium: **you don't know whether you're deficient**.  If you can afford it, you could just go see a doctor and get basic bloodwork done to find out.  You could also try taking the supplement more, but with food, or you could try a different magnesium supplement.  Tons of people have taken magnesium glycinate, and reports of intense side effects are rare - it's well tolerated.  But there are plenty of other forms you can try if you're so inclined.

Just don't go overboard.  You should probably pair it with calcium, but don't go overboard on that either - a 1:1 ratio by weight is fine (all that golden ratio stuff is irrelevant to amino acid chelates, and has to do with the absorption mechanism for dissociated ions).  Try taking ~500mg each and see how it goes.  It's low enough you won't hurt yourself, and high enough that it'll actually do something if you are deficient. 




 Sounds like woo-woo, yeah.  There are no miracles in medicine that you can prescribe yourself.  It's like the fad diet genre: no, you won't lose weight because you read my book.

 




 The more things you add in, the less predictable your result will be (unless you have good evidence for that exact combination).  If it were me, I would stick with caffeine + theanine and/or amphetamine/methylphenidate, daily exercise, and perhaps a mild, non-GABAergic downer for sleep.

Some will argue that you would benefit from adding a racetam to your stack, and perhaps they're right.

What you need to avoid most are overstimulation and burnout, and excessive use of anxiolytics/sedatives.  Ideally, you should keep your stimulant use low enough that you're able to relax and come down without any help.  Stress fucks memory, as so do most drugs that alleviate it. 




 I believe that any attempt to answer this is wrong-headed unless it considers how differently human morality would have evolved had we evolved as carnivores.  The human experience of morality is the result of natural selection, just as surely as our experience of visual perception is.

If we had evolved as a successful carnivorous species, we would also have evolved a sense of morality compatible with carnivorous behavior. 




 Uh...

Well, I imagine you'd start to feel pretty isolated after awhile.  And, of course, all the bad things that come with smoking a fuckton of weed daily (shit memory, mild-moderate respiratory complaints), and sitting around for hours watching as screen (out of shape / bad posture).

If you're a teenager, you can add the potential for persistent cognitive problems that comes with chronic adolescent cannabis use.

So...yeah, sounds like a bad idea.  Once in a while is quite different, of course.

(bring on the downvotes i said something that wasn't A+ supergood about weed use) 




  I prefer to take a slightly more "rigorous" approach, and say "well, yes, the fact that this person is themselves a member of this particular demographic gives some weight to what they're saying, but we should still consider whether their narrative is representative, whether their logic withstands scrutiny, and so on." (Which means having a grasp of statistics, an ability to think critically, etc.)

The person delivering an idea is only relevant in two cases that I can identify:  either they are reporting a personal experience, or the listener lacks the time or resources to fully grasp the idea, and must base their assessment on a heuristic analysis of the speaker's characteristics and claims instead.

In the case of personal experience, the speaker's characteristics are obviously very important, because the goal of listening is not to assess the validity of some empirical claim, but is to understand this person's experience.

In the second case, the listener is incapable of fully grasping what is said, and must make a judgement based on surface appearances - whether the speaker seems credible, is trustworthy, etc.  In this case, there can be no expectation of gaining knowledge, but if you have to act immediately it may be worth deciding whether to trust the speaker based on their personal characteristics.

But in any case where the goal is to gain knowledge, and that goal is attainable, the personal characteristics of the speaker are entirely irrelevant to the assessment of whether their message is true.  Your slightly more rigorous approach will sometimes produce false beliefs, because it bases belief formation on the qualities perceived in the speaker, and not in a rational analysis of the arguments presented.  It is, therefore, entirely inappropriate if the goal of listening is to consistently produce knowledge.

So why not throw out speaker characteristics entirely, if you have the time to listen carefully?  The only way to consistently determine whether a speaker's ideas are true is to actually consider the ideas themselves in reference to prior knowledge; anything else is a heuristic, which will have a non-zero error rate in all cases.
 




 Thank you for this thoughtful analysis.  Perhaps you can convince your stubborn friend to give it up and use /v/rationalfiction. 




 No - you're being seduced by very faulty thinking.  Zinc gluconate is a perfectly good zinc supplement, supported as a treatment for zinc deficiency by a fairly large body of scientific evidence.  It is not the best zinc supplement ever, but it is quite well absorbed (about 60%) and is perfectly good to use.

Who is more likely to be correct about this: the scientific community whose job it is to study nutrient absorption, or one user on Reddit? 




  To me this suggests that the zinc was not absorbed, since it's not showing up in any of the tests in significant amounts relative to controls. 

These were healthy individuals, not folks with zinc deficiency.  It is not necessarily a bad thing that their long-term levels did not change, and these results might have been very different in a zinc-deficient population.

Though a 10-person sample size is a bit small for my taste, this again indicates to me that Zinc levels remained constant with control levels, rising only after administration of Zn glycinate. 

It's not a matter of taste - it's a matter of mathematics.  This study was, by design, unable to detect anything but relative differences in absorption, and that is why the authors did not offer anything but a comparison between the two groups.  It does not offer any evidence whatsoever for a lack of absorption for gluconate - it only shows that glycinate was better absorbed.  This is counterintuitive for folks who have not studied statistics (and even some who have), but it is true.

This one confused me a bit, as it seemed to suggest that picolinate was absorbed to a lower degree than gluconate, but OP recommended Picolinate over gluconate while using this paper as a source. 

Your understanding of the article is correct - in this study, picolinate was poorly absorbed relative to gluconate, which contradicts some of the claims made in this thread.  It does offer further evidence that glycinate is superior to gluconate, and that gluconate is superior to picolinate. 




 The inconsistency is from you drawing your *own* conclusions, and ignoring the *authors'* conclusions.

 Conclusion: picolinate increased erythrocyte, gluconate did not.

No problem here, but it isn't relevant to the question at hand (whether zinc gluconate is an effective zinc supplement for normal use).

Conclusion: glycinate increased plasma, gluconate did not.

Wrong - the authors concluded that glycinate *was better absorbed*, and specifically declined to offer anything but conclusions about the *relative* differences between the two forms (because their design could only have found relative differences, not absolute).

...

The only argument you have that makes any sense is the difference in erythrocyte uptake of different forms of zinc.  But I don't see any evidence presented that this matters at all - why do you assume that erythrocyte uptake is relevant?  Perhaps that serum increase is all that's needed.

You might claim that the first study's results prove the importance of erythrocyte uptake.  But you don't know what those results truly imply; perhaps the increased longterm uptake in picolinate is excessive, and the subjects all had healthy zinc levels at the start of the study.

So unless you have some solid evidence that erythrocyte uptake is so important that it overturns [existing scientific consensus (that gluconate is good enough)](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24259556), I don't see any reason to believe you.



 




 Hmm...can you quote the part that you think suggests this?  I'm not sure your interpretation is correct. 




 If you're really curious, I strongly encourage you to read the links we each submitted.  My reply in contradiction is based on having actually skimmed the sources involved, which in truth suggest that zinc gluconate is pretty well absorbed.  Being able to quickly skim scientific abstracts for the relevant findings is a very useful skill, and one which can only come with practice. 




 [Here's a study that found quite good absorption of zinc gluconate and citrate in humans, same sample size, healthy population](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24259556)

[Here's one that found better bioavailibility for zinc gluconate than picolinate - it's the last study that you cited](http://www.fasebj.org/cgi/content/meeting_abstract/22/1_MeetingAbstracts/693.3)

In fact, the studies you cite don't support your conclusion.  They even contradict each other; in the third study, bioavailibility was greater for gluconate than it was for picolinate.  The first study didn't assess acute bioavailibility, but instead looked at changes in concentration in different body parts over a long period of time.

None of your studies' authors concluded that gluconate was poorly absorbed, either.  The closest any of them get is to suggest that glycinate is better absorbed than gluconate.

The studies whose design could actually determine whether gluconate is garbage found evidence to the contrary, while some comparative studies found that glycinate is superior to gluconate (which doesn't mean gluconate sucks - just that glycinate was better). 




 Secondly, I would like to know if where it says "Zinc 50 mg" is shorthand for the amount of Zinc Gluconate in the pill (I've read that 10mg ZG = about 1.5mg of Elemental Zinc), or if it's indicative of the amount of elemental zinc in the pill. I've searched the internet endlessly, but all I've been able to find are dead ends in this regard.

It's 50mg of elemental zinc, at least in the United States (labeling regulations may be different elsewhere, but here, mineral supplements list the elemental).

edit:  unless the price is about the same, there isn't much point in seeking out a superior zinc supplement.  Gluconate is good enough.  It won't all be absorbed, and that is ok - 50mg would be too much zinc if absorption were perfect.  People make too big a deal out of absorption for trace minerals; it only gets important with minerals you take hundreds of milligrams of (e.g. Ca / Mg), which will cause GI problems if not well absorbed. 









 Isn't this old news?  I'm not seeing any reference to something *new* that Rand Paul has announced... 









 [My first thought](http://i.imgur.com/yQmXC8q.png) 




 Haha.. in my experience, microwaving firecrackers works great as long as you grind fine enough and get good contact with the peanut butter.  Microwaving herb by itself sounds like a good way to lose your herb. 




 You'll probably get better results if you heat them.  Just a minute-ish in the microwave would do it (or you could do the equivalent on your stove in a non-stick pan, I suppose). 




 This article hardly seems worth the read, much less worth posting here.  It's an amusing fact, I guess...but the article itself adds just about nothing to it.  It's barely longer than the comment thread that's already built up here. 




 Hmm.

Your mom being a nurse doesn't make her word into scientific evidence, and that paper is not a scientific study - it's a letter written by a company that produces and sells ibuprofen.  It cites scientific evidence, but its conclusions are pure marketing.  Some are true and some are false.

This isn't about being for or against ibuprofen, to me; it's about knowing how to make an informed decision about how and whether to use ibuprofen.

I believe that ibuprofen is a useful short-term anti-inflammatory, and I also believe that its chronic use carries a substantial risk.  I believe these things because this is what the best evidence I've been able to find suggests.  I am a firm supporter of ibuprofen when I have a fever, and a strong critic when a friend asks me if she should take it every day for the rest of her life. 




 Well...the evidence is much stronger for curcumin, actually.  It's been found effective in multiple well-designed trials for various forms of pain and inflammation, with the best evidence in joint disorders (e.g. arthritis).

http://examine.com/supplements/Curcumin

High dose fish oil has been examined for effects on muscle soreness, but for the most part hasn't done anything.

http://examine.com/supplements/Fish+Oil/


 




 It's important to retain the same level of specificity as the evidence you are citing in this case.  You can't reasonably assume that a study lasting 2 weeks is applicable to continuous use for more than 2 weeks, for example - there is no clinical evidence in that entire document that supports the assertion that ibuprofen does not have deleterious effects on GI health when taken for long periods of time at OTC levels.

There is *some* epidemiological evidence for long-term GI safety presented, but most of it is not relevant to sustained use; either the study did not last long enough, or subjects using a decent dose chronically were rare.

They did present plenty of great evidence that you can take just about as much ibuprofen as you like *for 10 days*, or take a little bit occasionally forever, but I didn't see any clinical evidence, nor any strong epidemiological evidence, to support the notion that long-term high end OTC doses are safe.

Incidentally, that transcript reads like a gish-gallop attempting to establish that ibuprofen is safe for everybody any time forever cause its so great.  I wonder why...**ohhh**, it's because **it is**.  The document is an argument by Wyeth, the pharmaceutical company producing ibuprofen, which they presented to the FDA to argue their case for ibuprofen being the best thing ever.  That doesn't mean they're wrong, but it does, I think, establish that the conclusions of the paper should not be trusted naively - the *evidence* is what matters.  The evidence for long-term GI safety was not present. 




 I don't think there are any hard rules about this that apply across individuals and situations.

Judging for the large body of anecdotal evidence available online in the form of experience reports, it seems that when you get into the extremely high dose range (e.g. ~5000g+, or about half of a quality sheet), the incidence of reported persistent side effects increases dramatically.  Seems reasonable enough that it would, considering how ridiculously high these doses are relative to a typical mind-blowing dose of ~500g (and typical use doses of ~100 to 200g).  

So I personally would not take more than about a 10-strip of good LSD, because I am not interested in having persistent side effects (e.g. HPPD).

As for frequency...people seem to vary dramatically in the degree to which they can tolerate frequent psychedelic experiences.  And individuals vary over time, as well; a person who is stressed or depressed probably couldn't tolerate tripping once a week, while that same person at another period of their life might gladly trip 3x a week for weeks on end.

But nothing is certain.  You need to decide for yourself what you will do.  Does it seem like you're getting out of touch with reality?  Maybe you shouldn't trip so often.  Did the visuals from your last trip linger for days?  Maybe don't take three 10-strips next time. 




   The problem is that the moral relativist would have to give equal weight to my claim that all moral claims are absolute. In other words, the moral relativist would have to believe, simultaneously, that all moral claims are relative and that I have every right to believe that all moral claims are absolute. There's a contradiction built-in. It like saying, "All moral claims are relative except the claim that all moral claims are relative, which is absolute."

A moral relativist can defend against this by showing that claims about moral relativism or absolutism are not moral claims, but are instead are claims *about moral claims*.

For example,

In one culture, it is wrong for a man to go outside without wearing a headscarf that obscures his rugged facial features and other such masculine titillations.  In another culture, it is acceptable for a man to go in public with his head uncovered.

I believe that each claim is true in its cultural context, because I believe morality is relative to culture; I see no contradiction.

A friend of mine from the first culture believes that the wrongness of male facial exhibitionism is absolute - that it is wrong for everyone, everywhere.  We disagree.

But I agree with her about everything that is right or wrong *for her*, and right or wrong *in her culture*, because morality is relative to culture as far as I am concerned.  I disagree only about her claims about *morality in other cultures*.

Those are not moral judgements - they are essentially empirical claims about the internal states that other people experience or would experience in a hypothetical situation.

Etc. 




 herro 




 Scarcity to me means the physical reality of material, not the freedom of access to it.

Freedom of access to a good presupposes that the good exists, at least the way I've used it.  What could it mean to have universal access to food if there isn't enough food to go around?  It's a contradiction in terms at best.  

So when I say that post-scarcity requires only that goods are universally accessible, I mean that goods **exist** and are universally accessible.  Seems simple enough to me.

The universe has only so much matter. Human wants are infinite, physical reality is limited.

You're slipping types when you go from a finite universe to infinite wants; these are not compatible uses of the concept of infinitude.  Human wants are not infinite in this sense - they are constrained, just like every other aspect of human existence.

In the sense that is relevant, human wants are finite: for example, any particular human population has some maximum quantity of beer that it will demand, no matter how cheap beer gets.  At some point, nobody will want more beer.

Theoretically, humans will demand infinite beer at an infinitely low price (remember econ101 from high school).  But in reality, this never happens.  It doesn't even happen in actual scarcity-based economies.  You can't *actually* substitute beer for all other goods, no matter how cheap it is.

Just that are are limits to how much we can consume, because there is only so much stuff! An example of this is, the idea that if everyone lived at the American standard of living would require 2.5 Earths or something.

I agree that there are limits - I thought I made that clear.  But I disagree that the limits have any relevance to a post-scarcity economy.  They only come into play if the society is so large or so inefficient that universal access to goods cannot be ensured.  At present, our society is large and profoundly inefficient, and so we live in scarcity.

Your argument seems equivalent to claiming that it is impossible to play basketball indoors, because there is a ceiling and the ball will bounce off it and mess up the game.  Well, that would be true if the ceiling were too low.  But if the ceiling is high enough, there is no problem.  I don't have to prove that there isn't a ceiling to disprove your argument; I just have to show that it's high enough not to interfere.

I don't know at what level it would be true, but I believe it's obvious that post-scarcity human society is possible *at some level of scale and technological complexity*.  Imagine an Earth-based society with 50,000 people.  They're the only human beings on the planet, they're all educated at the post-graduate level, and they have access to all the technologies of today and the expertise required to use them.  How could they *not* produce more of everything than they want? 




  Irreverent. Post-scarcity is impossible. There will always be a limit, the Earth has a carrying capacity. Utopia is not possible.

Your conclusion does not follow.  Post-scarcity does not require an infinite planet - it only requires that there be enough surplus that goods are universally accessible.

At many population levels, the theoretical limit of production would never be reached - that limit is only relevant if all goods cannot be made universally available without surpassing it.

For example: carrying capacity is irrelevant if the total human population is only ~1,000,000.  In fact, it's difficult to imagine how a global technological agrarian society of that size could possibly fail to establish post-scarcity. 




 Awww 3

I just took a look, and yes - /r/debatefascism does have a friendly and open atmosphere on the face of it.  It seems to me that there are a lot of very frustrated people in /r/anarchism and /r/debateanarchism, who have too little tolerance for ideas they disagree with to engage in fruitful debate.

Perhaps this sub could benefit from stricter enforcement of the basic rules in the sidebar (essentially, posts that attack individuals without contributing to debate about *ideas* should be deleted).  I agree that any censorship based on views - even based on perceived naivete as to the nature of anarchism - is a very, very bad idea in a debate or political sub. 




 Is this meant to be ironic?  You're confirming zxz242's point rather well. 




 The fact that a person gets criticized for their shitty views doesn't mean that the people criticizing them are not anarchists.

Of course.  If criticism were all that happened, there would be no problem.  

But how do you reply to this:

Why do people identifying as "anarchist" on reddit feel that authority figures are needed to moderate human interactions (e.g. requests for moderators to censor and ban people with different views and opinions)?

Censorship and exclusion from social interaction are not just criticism - they are, if executed by a centralized authority, forms of oppression.  Do you disagree?  Do you believe such institutions are compatible with anarchism?  Why? 




 Yes - you could do this with spices themselves, but you'd have to take dozens (or more) of these caps to get a dose comparable to the therapeutic doses used in studies about the anti-inflammatory effects of these spices.

Studies of curcumin (the active constituent of turmeric) generally use doses of 500 to 1000mg curcumin - equivalent to 25 to 50 *grams* of turmeric.  An 00 capsule should fit about half a gram...

It'd take a lot of capsules. 




 That isn't true.  You can buy dextromethorphan only preparations at drug stores in many regions.  If it's not available in your region, buy it online.

[Dextromethorphan only cough gels on ebay, reasonably priced](http://www.ebay.com/itm/Dextromethorphan-Generic-for-Robitussin-Coughgels-Cough-Relief-20-ea-Pack-of-4-/171813862991?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0 hash=item2800e77e4f)

(I have no affiliation with the linked seller above, and the link is for legal otc cough medication) 




 You came and asked for advice about whether it's safe to take in this amount; the overwhelming response is **fuck no**.  Now you're arguing with everyone in the thread who has offered you sound advice.

Why even ask, if you're unwilling to accept that it could be unsafe? 




 Do you have a citation for that?  It'd be good to know if this is true. 




 It's likely that most or all of your brain fog is from your cannabis use; you probably can't improve on it much without addressing the cause (either by blocking the inflammation that THC produces in your hippocampus, or by reducing THC exposure).

One approach could be to use a high CBD low THC strain of cannabis, which should be readily available to you if you live in a state with medical cannabis.  CBD inhibits many of the harmful effects of THC (but not all its effects), and has potent anxiolytic effects of its own. 




 Every writer has their bias - and of course Glenn Greenwald's article has bias.  But it's an insightful editorial, and well worth reading if you've seen the NYT article. 




 Since you're a daily cannabis user, your best bet is to reduce or cease use of THC.

After that, introducing anti-inflammatory substances that inhibit COX2 or its expression could help, as [COX2 mediated inflammation is how THC fucks your memory](http://www.cell.com/abstract/S0092-8674%2813%2901360-3).  You could use ibuprofen if you want an ulcer, or else use a safer natural antiinflammatory like curcumin etc.

Finally, and especially since you seem to link anxiety with brain fog, you may get great benefit from some kind of mind-training (e.g. mindfulness practice).  Even just a consistent 10 minutes a day can make a big difference in your level of stress and distractability, once you've got into the habit and gained some proficiency.  You could do yoga, qi gong, walking meditation, or another awareness-based physical exercise if you're not interested in sitting down. 




 Firstly, this is blatant logical idiocy.

Point out the flaw in reasoning.  Otherwise your statement is equivalent to saying "I think you're wrong."  Who cares? 









 I disagree with this assumption that growth should be maximized.  Too much migration from Reddit could be harmful to the Voat community. 




 that was awful 




  In both cases, the members who broke with their caucuses did so in concert with their comparative level of contributions they received from pro-fast track companies.

It contradicts this statement, which is specifically about individuals and not averages. 




 I would expect it to keep indefinitely if sealed and frozen.  At least long enough for you and I to die of old age. 




 Haha...liberal reddit and its republican bogeymen.  It was probably true for the Democrats as well, but I was only curious to see my rep's vote (my representative is a Republican and his vote falsified the claim I quoted above). 




 I don't know.  It seems reasonable to believe that the lower temperature would inhibit growth of molds and bacteria that seem to thrive in cactus tea at refrigerator temperatures even without freezing (which halts all biological activity).  Would this be enough to preserve it?  I don't know.  It might, and it certainly wouldn't hurt.

If the alcohol percentage is high and the solution doesn't separate out into layers, though, it should preserve even at room temperature if sealed.  For example, hard liquors with an alcohol content around 40% keep indefinitely at room temp. 




 Freeze it immediately - cactus tea is highly perishable, and won't last more than a week or so in the best refrigerator conditions.

It *might* make the brew less palatable once thawed than it would be fresh, but the alternative is far worse - it will mold and sour and turn all kinds of disgusting if not frozen.  The mescaline will be unchanged.

Remember: aqueous solutions expand when frozen.  Choose your container wisely. 




 Just remember - more is not necessarily better.  You don't want to overdo it with Vitamin D in particular - just take the recommended amount.  For Thiamine, folate, etc - those are just b-vitamins, and you can (and should) get them by taking any common b-vitamin supplement or multivitamin unless a physician tells you otherwise. 




 Most of the yes votes were provided by Republicans, and the majority of the no votes were from Democrats. In both cases, the members who broke with their caucuses did so in concert with their comparative level of contributions they received from pro-fast track companies.

**Look at the actual data - this claim appears to be false.**  Many "No" votes came from individuals with majority pro-fast track funding according to the actual dataset linked.  E.g. Justin Amash, who voted no but had *only* pro-fast track funding according to their data.

It appears that the article used averages across *all* Republicans voting against the party line and used that to make the very specific conclusion above, which is false in several cases.  Not all representatives voted with their funding. 




 I guess we disagree about what insulting is.  :/

If you need a state to protect private property, you in turn need a state to protect common property to "protect" the ownership claim in either instance since both require protection from other peoples who will not recognize the claim to the land.

I don't think your conclusion follows.

Anyway, you're not answering my question.  It seems clear enough to me that private property and common property differ substantially, and that a state is necessary to maintain private property if substantial differences in wealth exist.  But a state may not be necessary to maintain common property, because it is common to large numbers of people who have a vested interest in defending their common ownership of it (which most particular instances of private property lack without state intervention).

Do you get what I mean?

So I'd be very interested in reading about a way that private property *can* be maintained without a state, because it seems implausible to me unless it is only on the scale of personal property (e.g. basic means of comfort and survival for individuals, not means of production).  You seem to believe that this possible, so I hope you'll share *why*. 




 There are a plethora of ideas about the particulars of how a moneyless society might work.  I believe you gave a fair example.

Noam Chomsky, when asked about particulars like this, has often elected to speak about the importance of experimentation and the utter impossibility of anybody predicting the details of such a complex social phenomenon.  That has always made sense to me.  It's important to envision various possible future societies, of course.  But how could you expect to know beforehand?  Human beings are complicated, and much of this is relatively uncharted territory when taken at scale. 




 Could you offer a genuine refutation or alternative view, instead of just insulting /u/dirtysquatter and expressing strong disagreement?  I don't find anything you said remotely convincing, but am curious to hear a decent counterargument from someone more informed than I am.

How could private property rights and capitalism be maintained without a state? 




 /u/FrY10cK was probably just looking for a good one-liner, and lacks a basic understanding of how scientific knowledge about drugs is actually made.  Animal research is a necessary tool throughout the entire process of drug development. 




 Sounds promising; I hope that development can get funded.  A novel ibogaine inspired compound with a stronger safety profile could go a very long way toward mainstreaming psychedelic therapy for addiction! 




 Look around California some time.  If I didn't know better, I'd expect that the state is tattooing that sign on every baby born in a California birthing center nowadays.

There is lead everywhere: in your body, in the dirt your veggies are grown in, in the veggies, in every supplement you buy, in the air you breath (from car exhaust).

The California legislature is full of idiots and big business cronies.  The warning doesn't mean anything, and isn't evidence based (i.e. it doesn't go on the actual high risk items, but on those that win points for politicians.  They calculate based on serving sizes to skew results across industries).

I buy supplements from companies that will give you a certificate of analysis on request; I check how much lead, mercury, etc is in the supplements I use in large quantity.  I do this because all supplements are from China, and occasionally a cheap supplement will actually have enough lead or something that I don't want it.

But if I don't use a ton of it (e.g. multiple tbsp's a day), I don't bother, because the dose would be small enough that it's comparable to the organic produce I buy at the store anyway.

...

That starts to look like a rant, but I hope it helps.  TL;DR - don't worry about it unless the dose is really high, in which case you may want to look into the *actual* heavy metal levels in your supplement when you stock up next time.  But I wouldn't worry about it this time around; the amount of lead you could ingest from taking those capsules at the recommended dose is miniscule.

[Here's a web site that actually gives some of the ppb (micrograms / gram) limits that lead to prop 65 labeling.  It doesn't take much lead to get a product labeled.](http://labs.naturalnews.com/What-Do-These-Numbers-Mean.html) 




 This appears to be an advert from an astaxanthin manufacturers' group.  The view it presents is extremely unbalanced and does not address safety, which is an extremely important concern with novel supplemental carotenoids. 




 I second this.    Very, very easy to use if you're remotely familiar with C family syntax (e.g. C++, C#, Java, PHP, etc).  If you're not, you can get the basics of C# or JS rolling with a couple weeks of short daily study and prototype your game from there.

Watch and build through their basic tutorials.  Then forget the physics engine, and use the built in pathfinding ("Navigation") to manipulate any moving agents in your world.  You can get point and click unit selection and movement (like in an RTS) going in about 10 minutes if you've watched the tutorial on Navigation and know C#. 




 That really isn't true.  As others have mentioned, land is quite cheap in many places.  If you have a decent income, little debt, and live frugally (big ifs, I know), you can probably save up and buy some workable land for this kind of project. 




 This seems disingenuous to me.

Scientific terms - which both sex and gender *are* - usually have a specificity that goes beyond the loose, context-dependent specificity of common language.

For example:

Ribose always has one, specific meaning, no matter where I use it.  If you know what ribose is, and you know the basic language of chemistry, then you know *exactly* what kind of molecule I'm talking about when I mention 2-deoxyribose - even if you've never heard of it before.

It would be counterproductive to have words for specific molecules that are context-dependent.  In fact, where such words exist, they are generally regarded as a nuisance; over time, their use is decreasing.  Context dependent terms for specific molecules would undermine the utility of the chemical language that has been developed, which allows for efficient, expedient, precise communication of chemical ideas.

This is a very special way of using language - it is nothing like the way we converse, really.  Most of our words are used to convey states of emotion and perception - and they necessarily use metaphor, connotation, subtle implication, imagery, and so on.  None of these linguistic constructs have any place in accurate scientific communication (except as human context, e.g. in an introduction or discussion section).

...

I would argue that as a scientist, you should accept that 'gender' has a specific scientific meaning - not in biology, but in psychology - that is different from 'sex', and the two should therefore not be confused.  This is not a radical view.  This is the dominant view in those fields that *actually use the scientific term 'gender'.*

If you tried to publish a paper that confused the two, at least one of your peer reviewers would demand revision.  If the paper was for a relevant field (e.g. personality psychology), your paper would be rejected - just as surely a paper in cell biology would be rejected if its authors confused DNA for RNA.  It shows that the authors are ignorant of the scientific literature, and have no business writing on the topic.

...

Now, you might say: look, I'm not talking about scientific communication - I'm talking about using these words in normal conversation.  In that case, it seems that your status as a biologist is entirely irrelevant.  You don't see sex and gender as interchangeable words *as a biologist* - you see them as interchangeable *as an ordinary person*.  But you think this quality of 'being a biologist' somehow stays with you when you engage in ordinary thinking.  It doesn't!  A scientist engaging in non-scientific thinking is no different than a non-scientist engaging in ordinary thinking.  There is nothing scientific about it, and the person's profession is irrelevant. 









 It's barely watchable.  Great concept, terrible execution...which seems to be about as good as it gets for big films. 




  The point which you missing is that so called rational science is having a hard time comprehending the things quantum physics tell us. 

You seem like a very arrogant person.  You don't know anything about me - not about my status as a current or former user of psychedelics, nor about my views on reality and so on.  But you freely assume all kinds of things and rudely suppose that you are setting me straight about the truth of reality.  Huh.

You say:

The point which you missing is that so called rational science is having a hard time comprehending the things quantum physics tell us. 

The problem with this is that *quantum physics is a rational science*.  There is no other *kind* of science.  You seem to think that quantum physics has some existence outside of human experience - it does not.

Quantum physics is a human effort to model reality in a particular way.  It is conceptual.  It is rational.  It is flawed and imperfect.  It is, at best, an accurate *conceptual model* of a very small set of phenomena.  You can't simultaneously reject rationality and accept quantum physics. 




 Ah, I see what you mean.  I actually enjoyed many parts of Interstellar, which is why I posted.  It was a good concept and a good story in principle, and at times I felt it was well executed.  I agree that accuracy and enjoyability have no necessary relationship in filmmaking, but that really isn't what I was getting at. 




 It's just that people think you're an asshole, and they're showing you the door.

I don't think this is be a fair assessment of why censorship is used on Reddit.  It *sounds true* because the comic has a very effective delivery.  But there is nothing in the comic that provides any rational basis for *believing* that its claims are true.  It's like a catchy pop song; it sounds true, it sounds important, but it's a trick.  Its content may be true or false, important or frivolous.  You can't tell without further examination than just consuming it.

Given a choice, I'd rather base my beliefs on a reasoned assessment of observable facts.  Reddit seems to use censorship, at the moderator level primarily, but sometimes at the administrative level, primarily to promote views popular in the mainstream semi-intellectual media (which are primarily shaped by the interests of their ownership and their customers, who are advertisers). 




 Like it or not, reddit is private property. This is not a government run website, your taxpayer dollars are not contributing to this website. As such, reddit is free to do what they want with it.

You seem to think that there is nothing wrong with this, and that that fact is so obvious it requires no support.  Many people believe that the combination of strong private property rights and the concentration of almost all wealth in a tiny elite has problematic implications for society.

Capitalism and private property are not physical properties of reality - they are social institutions.  If you believe they are good, that belief requires justification.  Given their unfortunate consequences for the vast majority of people, I think it would take some incredible evidence to demonstrate that they are good for society or otherwise justifiable. 




 I don't see how that is relevant to what I wrote. 




 Fair enough.  You don't have to.  But I think a reasonably impartial viewer of the science-fiction produced in the last few decades *would* admit this.

Incidentally, what I said can be true without the film being any "good".  I thought the characters were, for the most part, utter shit; their life stories and motivations made no sense to me at all.  What the fuck does NASA want with this burned out idiot?  They could build all these ships and run all these facilities, but they can't train one pilot...so they pick up this guy out of nowhere because his appearance feels like synchronicity?  And of course the female lead finds him attractive, in a snarky yet playful way.  Puke.

And then there are the multiple characters who are supposed to be highly accomplished mid-career scientists, who believe that love conquers all and crosses galaxies to deliver information to you about what you should do next in your scientific endeavors.  Bleh!  I honestly wondered whether the film's intended purpose was to brainwash naive science-minded teenagers into believing magical thinking and scientific thinking are somehow compatible and aligned.

So, I don't necessarily think the film didn't suck.  But I do think it made some strong depictions of plausible science fiction in ways that many past science fiction efforts have failed to do.  And I liked the premise, and enjoyed many short passages of the film that I found compelling (and which managed to gloss over gross character and story flaws that plagued most of the film). 




 Well, it's a good thing I've got you around to set me straight.  There I was, thinking that rationality existed.  But then, flexiverse came and told it like it is, and I've taken the courageous step of dropping these balls off the fence and choosing my side - the irrational side! /s

Flexiverse, you either have not bothered to try to understand what I mean and where I am coming from, or else you are very naive about how the mind and world function.

The scientific conclusion is time doesn't exist and the local effects of space and time are a complete illusion.

That is a very rough interpretation, and one so vague that it could mean many things to many people.  Scientific ideas in physics usually look more like [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schr%C3%B6dinger_equation#Time-dependent_equation); they are quantitative statements, perhaps wrapped in logic and understanding, but ~~rarely~~ never composed of qualitative language alone.  They relate experience to mathematics.  This is what allows them to be rigorously tested and eventually falsified if they do not adequately model reality.  These things are part of the rational basis of physics, which is a human endeavor to understand reality.

Now, that reality scientists are trying to understand does not have to be rational for it to be advantageous to use rationality to try to understand it.  It doesn't have to conform to our expectations, or behave in a logical sane way, or anything like that - I think the field of quantum mechanics actually supports this point, and undermines yours.  The *phenomena* observed by physicists increasingly contradict our common-sense notions of - even our direct experience of - reality.  So it appears that physicists have undermined any rational support for believing things about the nature reality on the basis of common sense.

That doesn't mean they have undermined support for *using rationality to try to understand reality*, though; it would be a circular argument to claim that they had anyway, as rationality is what got us all these ideas about physics in the first place.

Our understanding now must be convoluted and strange in order to approach an accurate model of reality, but that doesn't mean it has no rational basis...it just means we're using rationality to model something that may be "irrational," if such a term can even be applied to phenomena that arise from outside the human mind.

Einstein said if you truly understood the implications you'd be shocked. 

Good!  Einstein encouraged us to use our reason to understand things so unlike our ordinary experience of reality that they are shocking.  Sounds like a great advertisement for the **power of reason**! 




 You have to admit, the film depicted many things in a reasonably believable way.  There were large parts of the film and central plot devices that you just had to accept despite their impossibility (e.g. the male lead having any appreciable role in action of the film, much less a central one).  But I think it's fair to say that they made a strong effort, and to a great extent succeeded, in delivering plausible science fiction in many situations that have been poorly treated in past works (e.g. relativistic effects of mass on time during exploration of extremely massive planets). 




 That isn't true at all.  But you don't seem to be interested in a constructive discourse, so I suppose we'll have to remain in disagreement.  :/ 




 It doesn't matter who Allegro was.  You're aggressively demanding that we conform to a method of determining truth that has no rational basis.

Have the balls to pick a side?  Choosing that something is true in the absence of clear evidence, because you believe courage demands it...that is childish at best, and is obviously not a reliable producer of knowledge.
 




 You are being ridiculous.  This kind of thinking has no place in civilized society, nor this subreddit. 




 Ahh..

I really like the core of the sound, and the way it evolves and moves through different harmonies.  Love that Pink Floyd-esque sound enters around 2:20.

But do I feel strongly that it would be better to reduce the resonance on the sweeping filter to take out the siren-like effect it has.  Because it repeats so quickly, falls in the mid to upper-mid range, and is self-resonating (creates a note at the filter pitch), I found it became annoying very quickly.  If the resonance were reduced, it could become a subtle wave of textures instead of a clear siren tone.

When I use a self-resonating filter in a drone, I either keep the width of any cutoff variation for that filter very small, or I make it highly irregular (e.g. by varying it manually with a knob or mod wheel).  Like in [this](https://soundcloud.com/exuberant_void/1262014bbkje) piece, I use an ARP2600 3 osc broadband drone with a lowpass filter on the edge of self-resonance, and manually vary the cutoff and resonance to create a melodic center for the drone.

Of course, much of this is a matter of taste.. 




 I am planning on engaging in intense cardio and calisthenics everyday up until this urinalysis. I also plan on drinking excessive water and cranberry juice to flush it out of my system.

There's no evidence that either of these things will have an appreciable effect on your body's elimination of methylphenidate and its metabolites.  People often confuse metabolism of energy (i.e. "burning calories") with metabolism of drugs and toxic substances.  The only relationship between these is that they are kinds of regulated chemical reactions performed by your body; their rates can vary independently.

Low body fat makes a difference for substances that are stored in body fat, like THC and its metabolites.  But it doesn't matter for amphetamines.

The longest methylphenidate should be detectable in your urine should be about 4 days.  So...nothing to worry about.

https://www.erowid.org/pharms/methylphenidate/methylphenidate_testing.shtml

http://prescription-drug.addictionblog.org/does-ritalin-show-up-on-a-drug-test/

http://drug.addictionblog.org/how-long-do-amphetamines-stay-in-your-system/

edit: I overstated myself. Cranberry juice might make your urine acidic enough to slightly increase the rate of amphetamine excretion, but the effect is small and requires a lot of juice.  If you were in a crunch it might be worth downing a fuckton of juice on the off-chance that it would put you just under the limit.  But given how much time you have, it really doesn't matter. 
























 The vast majority of studies find limited or no interaction between dietary Mg and Ca intake and absorption of each mineral.  When massive amounts are ingested, the transporter proteins approach their limit; if one mineral is consumed in much greater quantity than the other at these levels, then it will inhibit absorption of the other.  Many studies have established that these effects are rarely, if ever relevant to actual human mineral intake (because the quantities needed to produce this effect are so high).  Note that this is only relevant if the minerals are taken in a form that will dissociate into + and - ions before absorption; this is probably not the case for amino acid bound minerals, which will generally be absorbed along with their amino acid.

The antagonistic effects referenced in the second paper refer not to absorption mechanisms, but to the ways that Ca and Mg interact once inside the body (i.e. after absorption).  This has to do with how the body uses Ca in muscle contraction and nerve signal conduction, and how Mg interacts with those systems because of its similar physical properties.  If you're curious about how these minerals interact inside the body, you would do well to pick up a basic physiology text and read the chapters on muscle contraction and nerve signal conduction.

That last paper was a study of only 5 individuals, conducted about 50 years ago.  It is not a good source of educational material for someone trying to understand how the body absorbs and uses calcium and magnesium, which is far better understood today than it was in the 1960's; its only relevance today is historical.

In practice, there is no need to consider absorption interference between minerals - as a consumer, you can just follow the recommendation of your doctor, or the sane advice of a respectable nutritional columnist (such as those you could find on WebMD, etc). 




 Bleghhh :(

An obvious fiction. 




 ###Submission Statement

This editorial presents a timely and insightful exploration of a passive, isolated, and entertainment dependent generation, with particular emphasis on the sociopolitical implications in our increasingly totalitarian society.

Not everything the author had to say is particularly convincing without prior agreement on the reader's part, but his writing is very thought-provoking.
 









 It wasn't a direct comparison, and I actually felt the example was appropriate.

I know it's popular on Reddit etc to dismiss anybody who mentions Nazism while discussing current events, but that doesn't mean it's correct.

Totalitarian societies, including our own, inundate the public with a steady stream of propaganda accompanied by mindless entertainment. They seek to destroy independent organizations. In Nazi Germany the state provided millions of cheap, state-subsidized radios and then dominated the airwaves with its propaganda. Radio receivers were mounted in public locations in Stalins Soviet Union; and citizens, especially illiterate peasants, were required to gather to listen to the state-controlled news and the dictators speeches. These totalitarian states also banned civic organizations that were not under the iron control of the party.


The corporate state is no different, although unlike past totalitarian systems it permits dissent in the form of print and does not ban fading civic and community groups. It has won the battle against literacy. The seductiveness of the image lures most Americans away from the print-based world of ideas. The fascination with the image swallows the time and energy required to attend and maintain communal organizations. If no one reads, why censor books? Let Noam Chomsky publish as much as he wants. Just keep his voice off the airwaves. If no one attends community meetings, group events or organizations, why prohibit them? Let them be held in near-empty rooms and left uncovered by the press until they are shuttered.

 




 I've actually researched this topic in some depth, and my views are based on my own review of research in curcumin bioavailability conducted over the last several years.  Anyone can google the subject and learn for themselves that the gain in bioavailability of expensive proprietary preparations like the one you recommend is actually quite similar to bioavailability of curcumin + piperine in the appropriate ratio. 




 I think your best bet would be to either google calcium and magnesium absorption, or pick up a basic physiology text and read the chapter on the small intestine (depending on your level of interest). 




 That doesn't seem like a fair characterization to me at all.  It seems like you came with the explicit goal of disproving *something*, without regard to whether that something was actually an intended claim of the author (or actually false). 




 What a pleasant surprise; it is long overdue for Reddit to have a place to discuss anarchism that is both civil and untainted by political moderation.  Thank you both for your work - I trust that the sub will improve immensely under your stewardship as a platform for reasoned debate. 




 Where's the **trigger warning** OP?  You patriarchist cisgendered white oppressor scum! 




 It's extremely rare for the best, most extreme version of a supplement to give the best return on investment.  Better to go with the advice of /u/Breal3030 above:  get curcumin and piperidine in some cheap form and take a little extra.  You'll get the same effect as spending $$$ on the ultra super bestest most bioavailable form. 









 I pretty much agree with your analysis, but reject the conclusion that only idiocy can explain David Cameron's position on encryption.

Politicians often push for legislation that they know will not pass, and which they do not want to have pass.  They may wish to force other politicians to commit to opposing the legislation; they may wish to create apparent evidence of their deeply held political convictions.  They may wish to distract public or political attention from some unrelated topic.  They may wish to pass related legislation that is less extreme or more nuanced.  Etc.

I think it is much more likely that David Cameron's position is simply disingenuous. 




 Fair enough. 3 




 Look, I get it - you think I'm a tool.  I don't really care.

My purpose in commenting here has been to expose a false claim, by showing why that claim was false.  I have not claimed any special authority nor knowledge.

I think you would benefit from some basic self-education in the methods and history of science.  Goodbye. 




 No; in fact, neither of us knows.  If you intend to post authoritatively in science-based subreddits, you should gain a basic education in science.  Everything I have said in this thread is implied by the basic principles of science. 




 Fair enough - I was wrong, that is the tolerable upper limit for supplemental Mg set by the NIH.

It's worth mentioning what that limit represents.

A Tolerable Upper Intake Level (UL) is the highest level of daily nutrient intake that is likely to pose no risk of adverse health effects to almost all individuals in the general population.

This is the amount that the NIH has good evidence is safe for anybody to take, every day, indefinitely. 




 That is true, and I'm aware of it.  However, this property of glycine does not imply that taking magnesium glycinate in any particular dose is likely to have caused the symptoms described.  An appropriate source would be something like a clinical trial showing that a comparable dose of glycine produced similar symptoms.   




 **You are not a source**.  You don't have any way of knowing why whatever experience you had occurred, whether it was caused by glycine or magnesium or something else entirely.

/r/Supplements is a science intensive subreddit, and for good reason - science is the best basis we have for making judgements about what supplements to take.  It is not appropriate to make authoritative claims about how supplements work and why on the basis of your personal experience. 




 I don't believe that this is true for amino acid bound minerals; they should be absorbed via the normal route for that amino acid, and not by the Ca/Mg ion transport. 




 Do you have a source for that claim?  It sounds plausible, but I have never seen any evidence. 




 I'm fairly certain that you're wrong about that.  Do you have a citation? 




 I wouldn't pay any attention to it either way.  When you notice that this sensation is distracting you, just return to the technique you're using (which, presumably, doesn't include messing around with emergent sensations in your body).

What you're describing sounds like a very common experience, and one that I've also experienced now and then.  Sometimes it comes along with other, stranger experiences, but usually it's just that forehead pressure.  I feel sensations in other parts of the body people like to talk about as energy centers sometimes, too.  I just keep doing my technique and let the experience be whatever it's going to be.

No big deal. 




 I guess we won't agree on this.

Why should you participate?  Because you care about other people, about the fate of your descendents, and of the species and the planet.  If all you'll ever care about is yourself, and you won't be satisfied until you're free, then your best bet is probably to kill yourself right now - you're in for a miserable life (ironically, one that seems to have been pulled right out of a Hollywood revolutionary meme).

Anyway, if you want to debate what makes a good life, we could do that - I think it's an interesting topic.  But somehow I don't believe you're interested in changing your views on that in the slightest, nor on presenting a genuine argument for your own views.

 




 All the numbers are right there in the passage I quoted...

Poll found 59% of Russian respondents saw US as a threat.
Of those 59%, 31% were worried about a possible invasion.
.59*.31 = .18, rounded up to 1/5.

Slow down - all you needed to understand that for yourself was a level of reading comprehension and arithmetic skill possessed by older children in most civilized countries.
 




 From that perspective, there is no point - I can see why you'd like to believe that immediate revolution is possible.  But strong desire is not evidence, and revolution is not possible in this political climate.

I hope you don't take what I've said as a claim that all we should do is pursue change through within-system political action, writing your congress-person and voting and so on.  That would be naive as well.

I think there's a role for that kind of thing, but only when we organize.  When 500,000 people march in the streets and write their representatives and vote a certain way, it does make a difference.  Laws change, politicians change, public awareness and debates change.  It's a small step, an incremental victory.

But that alone won't get us much at all.  There's also a role for violent protest, property destruction, radical political discussions and so on. When systems disruptions reach a certain scale, they also force change in the action of corporations and governments, which must adapt when vulnerable capital is destroyed by activists.

These things are also small, incremental victories (at best).  They effect public opinion and shape debates, and they may change the policies of those in power for the better at times (by making oppression more expensive).  They may draw interest to anarchist ideas and causes.

But it's no revolution.  You aren't going to overthrow the fucking government at a rally, or burning down a housing development or whatever.  This stuff is incremental change, laying the ground for a future dramatic shift.

Some people are better suited to masking up in black and setting police cars on fire in a protest setting; others may be better suited to arranging letter-writing campaigns and politically correct rallies.  Still others may be better suited to starting a cooperative business, which may also be a community meeting place for local political groups run by those inclined to such things.

You know, all of that is really important.  It's all laying the ground for greater incremental change, which may eventually enable that dramatic shift we'd all like to join in our lifetimes.  I think we can appreciate it for what it is, and have good lives even if that shift doesn't come for a very long time. 




 It could only happen if you received secondary screening for some other reason.  This can happen for all kinds of reasons, and perhaps even at random; you don't have to have done anything wrong.  I don't know whether they check this at all, but would assume that they could during a secondary screening (they empty your whole bag and look at everything). 




 The title claim is not true, and is a central claim in the article linked.

The [source](http://washington.cbslocal.com/2015/05/13/russians-see-u-s-threat/) for that claim is linked in the article.  It states:

According to the Russian polling group Levada Center, 59 percent of Russians see the United States as a threat, reports Global Post.

...

Of those who said the U.S. is a threat, 31 percent are worried about the possibility of an American invasion and occupation of Russia.

That is obviously quite different from the 1 in 3 claim in the title.  At best, it could be construed as a 1 in 5.  Even that is a great stretch.

This isn't very good journalism.  The piece misconstrues its evidence in an attempt to convince Americans that WW3 is just over the horizon, and that ordinary Russians are worrying about a US invasion.  Well, why does Vox want us to believe that so badly?  It obviously isn't because it's true - if that were so, they would have cited evidence that actually supported their claims. 




 This is a bad idea.  OP has the packaging from their pharmacy.  If they open up the bag to look at your pills, you want it to look like you ought to have the pills.  Prescription drugs in a Tylenol bottle look suspicious.  In a pharm bottle with your name on it, not so much. 




 **You sure showed her**.  Who cares?  Go start a cooperative or throw a brick at a pig or something. 




 I do the same, but have yet to be selected.  I gave this a lot of thought the first time I was called.

On the one hand, I felt a visceral resentment at being compelled to participate in this cruel and inhuman system.  On the other, I could not ignore the possibility that by being on a jury, I might save some fellow person from the violence of that system.

I remember waiting in the courthouse the first time I was called, just waiting around for hours before we went for selection, wandering the halls a bit.  And one of the security guards suddenly told me to sit; once I did, several police officers walked quickly past, escorting a woman who was handcuffed to one of them.  She looked so sad.  They went into a courtroom.

Not long after this, I decided that I would do whatever I could to get on the jury if I had the opportunity.  I couldn't ignore the potential to help; it was just so awful to see that woman, confined by those horrible people, facing the possibility of imprisonment.

When we were called into our courtroom for selection, all that happened was that the judge gave a brief speech about the greatness of the American trial system - and then sent us all home as the defendant had just accepted a plea bargain.

A lot of big important thoughts for nothing. :P 




 I think that's a naive and unrealistic view of the present situation.  There is absolutely no possibility of revolution, in that sense.  Now is the time for gradual, incremental transformation and growth.  With a solid foundation, sudden, dramatic shifts can happen in time (as they have always occurred in the past: in a context of incremental change).  Political candidates can be a part of that; your framing of revolution now vs. embracing useless liberals as our savior is simply not applicable to reality.  We can use politics to increase awareness and shape debates.  The goal isn't to elect an anarchist or some idiot idea like that.  The goal is to use politics to serve our subversive aims in the long run.

Pretending we can just skip to the revolution is simply naive, and I think betrays a lack of understanding of how dramatic political change has occurred in the past and can be expected to occur in the future (and perhaps an excessive appetite for actions movies).

edit:  Filled this out as you deserved a more considerate and nuanced reply than I first gave. 




 Yes, you'll be fine.  It isn't a high volume, and it doesn't look sketchy - it's an obvious personal use amount, in the packaging from your pharmacy.  If it comes up, you'll be able to talk your way out of it by just telling the truth. 




 I have to agree: OP hasn't even attempted to establish that educational games of the 90s failed, and has an uphill battle to fight if they want to try.

Gizmos   Gadgets was a great game, and taught many good lessons about how to understand engineered systems and manipulate them to achieve a goal.  It also taught many basic lessons of science education (e.g. how to classify and understand different kinds of energy in a physical system).  It is one of many fun and effective educational games from the 90s. 









 No shit he's not a revolutionary; nobody in their right mind would claim that he is.  Who cares? 




 I really think it's a very childish attitude to reject all attempts at within-system or incremental change - a lot of folks here even oppose attempts to bring anarchist ideas into the  public's political consciousness.  Anarchism will not happen overnight, and it will not happen through a revolution that wasn't preceded by a long, incremental undertaking to *at least* bring anarchist ideas into public awareness.  It can only happen with broad public support and participation.

**It is great news that there is an American presidential candidate talking about labor empowerment and workplace democracy.**  It doesn't mean he's a good person, or an anarchist, or that him being president would get us closer to anarchy, etc.  It's good because it's bringing anarchist ideas, or ideas closely related to anarchism, into the public's awareness and into the set of ideas that can enter mainstream political debate.

There can't be an anarchist revolutionary American politician - how could there be, when the goal of such a person would be to tear down the American political system?  Saying "don't be fooled, he's no revolutionary" is incredibly childish and naive.  Of course he isn't a revolutionary - nobody with the slightest understanding of revolution could possibly believe that he is.

So I would argue that this is about as good as it can get in American politics.  Are we going to have mainstream political debates about fucking *labor unions and worker ownership of capital?*  That appears possible now.  These ideas are extremely intuitive to working class people - this could produce a lot of support for a movement toward a genuine participatory democracy in this country.  It's a lot easier to get to an anarchist revolution from participatory democracy than it is to get there from Republican vs. Democrat sheeple politics.
 









 Yeah - that's a really bad idea.  There is plenty of good evidence that eating tons of sugar is awful for you, regardless of the source.

There is nothing natural about eating tons of sugary fruit all the time; it is not part of our evolutionary heritage.  It is not good for you just because it is fruit.  It's heavily bred, relatively healthy **candy**.  The original plants these foods are descended from were 9/10 seeds and nowhere near as sweet. 




 So what?  Decision making shouldn't be based on absolutes, but on what we can do to improve things.  Weakening cartels seems like a good thing - that they will survive doesn't contradict this.  They'll be weaker. 




 Oh, my mistake.  Yes, I still argue that cats may as well go out.  Oh my god - people disagreeing on the internet! 




 Mexican marijuana traffickers will tell you that it's not worth it anymore -- they can't compete with the domestic American price and quality. 

The power of American exceptionalism at work!  Free markets!  The American Dream!

Support our family farmers and the American Way of Life^^TM !

**God Bless Amur-cah!**  




 I think your workaround would successfully dodge the system, and would give the players an edge.

But as I see it, the goal isn't to eliminate all possible ways to gain an unfair advantage.  The goal is to make it inconvenient enough that nobody would do it.  I think my proposed solution would accomplish that for a wide range of player populations, as you can adjust the cutoffs as population grows.

When the player population is low, the computational resources needed are low, and so are the costs to the player for cheating (it's easier to cheat because you have more repeat matchings with friends).  So you set the cutoffs to be quite generous.  This means you have to run the statistical analysis on a greater proportion of players, but that's ok because there are few players.

When the player population is high, the computational resources needed to do the statistical analysis are very high.  The resources for identifying an abnormal winrate remain reasonable, though - no statistical analysis necessary there.  So you set the cutoff for an abnormal winrate much higher, and analyze a lower proportion of users.  That's ok, because users are rarely matched with friends at random in a high population; it's relatively harder to cheat anyway.

So I think with appropriate cutoffs for initiating analysis and for sanctioning the player, this system could make the attack you suggest infeasible in both high and low player populations. 




 I'm not sure I understand; are you claiming that human death and bird death is equivalent for my purpose?  It isn't, simply because human death is not inevitably violent and painful.  Old age is not a cause of death in prey animals in the wild.  Old prey animals are almost universally consumed by predators before any "natural cause" can take them.

Besides that, though - the question of responsibility and not wanting it seems like a reasonable objection to me.  I just don't have any problem with it, personally, unless what I'm doing is actually making things worse for the birds.

Responsibility alone doesn't matter to me.

I don't eat animals, because it disgusts me - but also because if I paid for meat, I would be contributing to the meat industry and its horrible treatment of animals.  I would be enabling them to harm more animals, and making the situation worse.

But what if I came across a dying animal in horrible pain, that couldn't be saved.  You bet I would kill it right there if I could!  I'd gain responsibility for its death, but I'm quite sure it would be the right thing to do, as it would reduce the animal's suffering. 




 Interesting discussion, thanks for linking.

I especially enjoyed this:

The Occupy camp in the richer section of town was nice though, the rich folk would go home at night and hire off duty officers to guard their tents (which were brand new and top of the line, bought just for the event). I had the feeling those protesters might not have fully understood the movement. The younger officers picked up some nice extra pay though. 

Yeah, I think you're onto something there... 




 Or go to your local library! 




 Extremely misleading title.  If you want to make that claim, you should at least use research in whole organisms.  There is much more appropriate scientific evidence available from that recent mouse study, if you want a thread to discuss how this effect is applicable to human use. 




 Instead of forced anonymity, you could do this:

First, have no party mechanic for FFA (as you described).

Second, have the system analyze win rates periodically for users whose rate indicates unusual success.

Use a statistical analysis to determine whether each player's wins can be predicted by their being matched with another specific player.

Check if the prediction can be done both ways.

Players who both consistently win more when matched together than not, to such a degree that it cannot be chance, are sanctioned. 




 There is nothing wrong with it.

It sounds like the smell built up in the air in the bottle while it was left closed for so long.  As long as it's in capsules and the capsules haven't got wet or anything, if you air it out the smell should not return strongly.

But even if it does, it's just what NAC smells like.  The NAC itself hasn't changed. 




 I don't see how it matters what they're killed for.  If someone killed me, I would object because I don't want to die, and I don't want to feel pain.  I don't really care *why*.

I see it the same way with animal suffering.  It's bad because it hurts, and because the animal presumably doesn't want to die.  Like, animal cruelty is not less bad in a slaughterhouse than it would be in a torture chamber.  It's bad because of the suffering, not the motives of the killer. 




 That number is probably skewed by inclusion of feral or rural cat populations.  Sadly, they cite no source - so there is no way of knowing what the figure actually represents.  It should not be used as evidence for any specific population's longevity. 




 Oh, no worries.  I like to bring out the evidence when a conversation turns to empirical questions, such as whether cats are killing a significant number of birds that wouldn't otherwise get killed by some other predator.

Thanks for the link.  It gave strong summaries of studies in which specific ecosystems' stability was compromised by cat populations (e.g. a park in California with ground-nesting birds lost its ground-nesting birds).  So it appears that cats can definitely mess up some ecosystems. 




 Thank you!  That second article in particular, I found very balanced and thought-provoking.

I suppose that in practice, the question of harm is treated as subjective.  But the question of whether a particular species is a threat to the stability of the ecosystem is an empirical one.  It looks as though outside of island ecosystems and certain niche habitats for ground-nesting birds, cats are not a major threat to ecosystem stability. 




 I have a hard time seeing how if the victim would soon die some other gruesome death anyway.  This stuff isn't happening in a vacuum; these animals are all going to die.  So it seems to me that if cats can be shown to make the situation worse, then what they do is morally relevant.  But if it can't, I have a hard time seeing why it matters which gruesome awful death birds suffer. 




 You could use the technique to build a set of roots, which is then used to build a full vocabulary by combining and elaborating on these.  From the OP's words, you might make roots out of "ray" and "loah", "etia" and "nav"; then use "in", "gni", "man", "ero" etc. as prefixes and suffixes. 




 Everything you said makes sense, but you didn't cite a single piece of *evidence*.  I could as easily write paragraph that sounds as true and supports the opposite conclusion, but they couldn't both be true.  

Wild animals die, and get maimed, etc.  It's a fact of animal life.  If my cat doesn't kill a bird, it will probably suffer some other painful, violent death as a prey animal.  Unless cats can be shown to increase the cruelty of an ecosystem, I don't think cat-induced horrible deaths are morally relevant.

This is an empirical question; *where is the science?* 




 Praise Jesus!  God Bless Amur-cuh! 




 the study found no significant correlation between genital dimensions and race or ethnicity, although Veale points out that **their study was not designed to probe such associations, because much of the data used were from studies of Caucasian men.**

Obviously this meta-analysis is not evidence of a difference, nor of a lack of difference. 




 I've seen the numbers estimating how many birds and small mammals outdoor cats kill each year, but I'm failing to see any demonstration that this is harmful to the ecosystem.  Can anybody offer evidence that it is? 




 Traditional Western Christian values have been proven to be effective mechanisms to promote the function of society.

Interesting... 




 Presumably this sample is drawing a larger proportion of non-Asian men than a worldwide representative sample would.  So you'd expect OP's mean length to be significantly longer than the worldwide average. 




 Haha, yes.  When I first started lifting (late in college), I "grew" about 3 inches.  Some of that just had to be a really late growth spurt, but a good bit was the result of strengthening my postural muscles and getting my spine back to its natural position and length.

Glucosamine might facilitate some of those postural effects, according to the discussion in that paper you linked. 




 He's a Republican senator from Kentucky.  He has to support the coal industry to stay in office.

Political candidates positions are **not personal**.  They're strategic.

Some of Rand Paul's positions make me feel like vomiting.  That's true for every major candidate for president I've ever seen; some of Bernie Sanders' positions are absolute garbage, truly asinine ideas designed purely for popular appeal.

These people are politicians in the American political system; of course they're going to have some horrible positions from the perspective of any reasonably intelligent person.  I would vote for Rand Paul in some matchups; in others, I wouldn't.  You could do a whole lot worse, sadly. 




  DINOs 

What's a DINO?  




 At best, that could be an argument for further research to test whether a longer trial would produce more growth.

But lets do the math:  in the clinical trial, they took glucosamine or placebo for 2 months.  You took glucosamine for 6 months.

Your height increased by about 25mm.  Their height increased an average of 3mm.

Imagine if they had continued the trial for 4 more months.  You'd expect another 6mm, right?  So a total increase of 9mm on average.

Even if you assume the most favorable possible interpretation of the results, the effect found that study cannot possibly explain your experience.  At best - and this is an extreme stretch considering how weak and contradictory the results of that study are, and how unlikely a continuous, 6 month long growth induction by glucosamine is - it might explain about a third of your height change.

It's interesting to fantasize about, but I don't believe there is an actionable hypothesis to had that involves glucosamine inducing growth.  If you read the study itself, you'll see that their data are extremely weak: the two examiners doing the height measurements disagreed with each other throughout the study; their height measurements have an error range that's about as large as the reported effect.  The distribution of height changes among participants has a st_dev approximately equal to the reported mean.

For perspective:  this level of variation in height is easily accomplished by a wide variety of chiropractic interventions (e.g. a 2-second back crack).  Just adjusting the alignment of the spine is more than enough to induce a change in height of several mm.

There's a reason this is published in a chiropractic journal, and not a reputable scientific journal of physiology, developmental biology, etc.  Chiropractors are not scientists, and a chiropractic journal is not a source of scientific knowledge.  If this did gain publication in a scientific journal, it would be published as a preliminary trial; the only reasonable scientific conclusion to be drawn is that more research is warranted.

I'm not saying it's all woo woo or something - just trying to put this in perspective.  There is no scientific evidence that glucosamine induces growth in the sense you've imagined. 




 You don't know whether it worked for you - you only know that you took this stuff, and 6 months passed (during which a hundred billion other things happened), and now you're about an inch taller.  This experience provides no evidence whatsoever that glucosamine can cause people to grow an inch.  You have as much reason for believing that pretty much any other thing that occurred during those 6 months caused you to grow.

Think about it.  Which is more likely: that study with the placebo controlled double blind trial of 40 people was wrong about how much growth glucosamine induces, or you're wrong about your causal attribution?  It's unlikely that you're both right. 




 From the study you linked:

'The increase was not huge - it was between two and four millimetres - but this is a significant finding-Osteoarthritis affects an enormous number of people.

'Glucosamine could be helping to reverse the pressures caused by standing upright. It could also be regulating the production of cartilage components. Supplemenation may either increase the total body height of the average person or reduce the amount of normal spinal shrinkage during the day.'

So the effect was very, very small - 2 to 4 **millimeters**.

If that's the best scientific evidence for glucosamine induced height increase, then it seems extremely unlikely that more than a few millimiters of your change in height could have been caused by glucosamine. 
 




 Huge landmass, no clear reason for many existing national borders.  In the real world, national borders tend to follow strategic geographical features. 




 No need to be condescending.  Your post wasn't very clear (still isn't, to be honest). 




 Now gays can marry!  Isn't that great!  God Bless America!

This is so great, I'll just forget all about that huge fucking ~~trade~~ multinational corporation empowerment treaty that's about to ream us all in our collective sociopolitical assholes.  Yeah, let's just talk about ANYTHING ELSE OH GOD PLEASE GET MORE STORIES ABOUT WHATEVER ISN'T TPP QUICK, THEY GOT BORED BITCHING ABOUT FLAGS 




 There is a third: the one who would have sriracha and avocado in the fruit bowl, too. 




 Please tell me they'll ship us dank beans for our bitcoin?

**Shut up and take my money!!!** 




 Well, you're in the wrong sub for that (probably the wrong site, too). 




 The sarcasm runs deep with this one. 




 You might perceive it differently if you were part of the half of the species who gets excluded by this.  Or I guess you might not.  I am also a man; it doesn't seem relevant to me.  My objection is rational, not personal.

I agree that my extension to racial slurs is a stretch.

But think about it:  how effective is it, really, to give an important word two contradictory meanings?  Can you really use "man" to refer to half of the species at the exclusion of the other half, and also use it to refer to the entire species, without causing confusion?  Is there anything *good* about doing this?

The reason the word "man" was formerly used to refer to the entire species is complex, but in essence is something called *patriarchy*.  The male sex has long been seen as both superior and as the default human state.  This is why the word *woman* exists: we refer to half the species as a modification of the other half (essentially: wife of a man).  Isn't that fucking weird?

Well, I think it's weird.  The word woman is widely accepted by women and men alike as perfectly fine, so whatever.  But why use the word "man" as though it represents a gender-neutral word for humanity - it hasn't been that for over 800 years (it was gender-neutral over 800 years ago, before modern English had formed, and before anything like "woman" was a word).  It strongly implies that men are somehow more fundamental to humanity that women, which is obviously not a helpful connotation when we're talking about our species.

Anyway...thanks for engaging me in dialogue.  Always nice to get something that isn't a one-line jab on Reddit. :) 




 I'm neither.  I just don't like to see language used in a needlessly pompous and exclusionary way. 




 Yeah, I see it similarly.  I also tend toward reasoned debate.  But some people like mockery, and don't care for reasoned debate.

And it does seem that these people have to mock *something*; the mockery will continue.  I'd rather see them mock with a decent intention, like in im14andthisisdeep and iamverysmart etc, than just mock for no good reason.  




 Sex and relationship experience is an incredibly important part of the human condition (especially in my demographic)

I won't dispute this.  Sexual relationships are a central part of the human experience. 

and I think I am missing a key component of my humanity by not being part of this.

Yeah, you are.

**But**:

I am a defective human being.

That is ridiculous.  You have no reason to think of yourself this way.  I hope that I can convince you that all this negative thinking about *yourself* is baseless.  It's not your fault, and this doesn't mean there is something terribly wrong with *you*.

Sex and relationship are considered normal in society, so I am right to feel embarrassed at having no knowledge of something so basic and universal.



You have more knowledge than you think.  I was surprised at how automatic everything was when I was in my first few relationships.  You know, I didn't have to learn how to do very much at all; some social customs, sure, but it really wasn't that important.  I knew how to show interest; I knew how to express sexual feelings, and to see them in another person; I knew what to do in the bedroom well enough.  All of this seemed to have been prepared in advance, to be running on some combination of instinct and unconscious social learning over the years.

You know, the biggest problems I had were from things I learned from relationship advice and watching movies / pornography.  Once I had deprogrammed that bullshit, no problem.  Human beings know how to have sexual relationships out of the box.  Not consciously - but when the time comes, you'll have a pretty clear sense of what to do if you aren't busy thinking a bunch of stupid shit you learned "about relationships."

That's just me and my experience, but I'm not special.  My first relationships were late, and I was an introverted nerd in high school and much of my college career.  Once I was comfortable enough to approach people, everything just worked.  Like it should!  You're the product of fucking millions of years of fucking.  Sex is in you.

Sex and relationship experience is something that needs to be worked on to be perfected. 

Yeah, maybe, I dunno.  Relationships are definitely something you can get better at.  Sex is too, but I really don't think it's a big thing.  The first time I had sex, my partner had no idea it was my first time (one time thing).  The next time I had sex, that partner had no idea it was my second time.  They all assumed I'd had sex plenty before, because I was old enough to have and I seemed to know what I was doing.

But relationships...yeah, there is a learning curve.  But you'll figure it out, and you're surrounded by similarly inept people.  This isn't exactly the golden age of human interaction; lots of folks just do the same shit they saw their parents do when they were growing up, and learned unconsciously - they're pretty much at your level, as you've got that inborn and unconsciously learned set of rules too.

If you pair up with someone who's a bit awkward like I'm guessing you are, and you both genuinely like each other as people and as sexual partners, it'll work out fine.  You'll both learn together, you know?  It's sweet.  And you don't have to read a how-to manual first, you just have to go meet a lot of people until you happen across a match.

So yes, there's great depth of learning and growth to be had in the social aspect of a sexual relationship.  That's good news, because that experience is available to you and your future partners.

It makes it exponentially harder to find meaning in life.

I get that.  Yeah, you should be directing significant resources at finding friends and mates right now.

Though once you've done that, I think you'll find the meaning of life or whatever is just as elusive as ever.  Still...it is nice to be able to share the human condition, such as it is, with a close and trusted partner.

But yeah, you won't find the holy grail in another person.  So if that's your quest, it really isn't that relevant. 




 I was reasonably careful not to frame it as man/woman, but men and non-male people.

Why can't we all just be men?  Because "men" has an existing meaning - a meaning that meaning excludes about half of the human species, and that isn't going anywhere.  People will continue using the words "man" and "woman" to talk about each to the exclusion of the other (there is nothing wrong with that in my view).

So it's no good to have *either* of those words also used for 'all human beings,' unless you're ok with implying that men are *extra human* every time you refer to humanity as "man." 




 No, you didn't.  The connotation matters; the way an idea is framed *matters*.  It has a powerful effect on how something reads, even if you understand the literal meaning intended is in conflict with the presentation. Just saying, after the fact: "oh yeah, that sexist language that excludes have the species: yeah, it really doesn't.  women are men too!" doesn't fix anything.

If you think that was a good fix, then by extension you should think there is no problem using the word nigger to refer to black people in conversation.  What?  The literal meaning is just "black person" now - all that slave stuff is long behind us!  Why are you people so upset about it! 




 You must be either very attached to me be wrong, or not very smart, or not really paying attention.

 If a person claims to be rational in all things, but is irrational about something, then that indeed would be hypocritical

I suppose it would be, but it's not what I was saying at all.  My "rational person" does not have to be completely, perfectly rational in all things; they only need to be rational enough that they can't hold plainly false views on the subject at hand.

Anyway, who cares.  This isn't an interesting point; you aren't engaging in a genuine attempt at debate.  Just trying to show yourself that I was wrong about *something* - doesn't seem to matter what, as ever post you make a new false characterization of what I've said. :P
 




 Interesting take on it.  I can see how this *could* discourage a person from a genuine attempt at intellectuality, at thoughtfulness and insight.  But I see it more as ridiculing fairly transparent attempts to look super smart and insightful without doing the legwork to actually become intelligent and learned.

You know, I think it's a good thing to give harsh negative feedback sometimes.  You could nip something in the bud that, if continued, would waste a huge part of someone's life. 




 I think you misunderstand me.  Being irrational isn't hypocritical, no.  But a rational person *claiming to hold a plainly false view* is **absolutely hypocritical**, because it is not possible for a rational person to *actually* hold a plainly false view.

Or, if you want to use a very narrow definition of hypocrisy that only operates on ethical views, just stick "ethic" in there instead of view.  My arguments still run just fine that way. 




 Ahh...ok, so you assign moral status on the basis of inborn human biases that cause us to value another being's life on the basis of how close it is to *us*.

Yes, we have a fundamental disagreement about where morality comes from.  I acknowledge the *experience* of loved ones being more important than strangers, of those with close genetic similarity to oneself seeming more important than those who lack it, but deny that this has any direct relevance to the question of whether any particular entity's wellbeing is ethically relevant.  It seems to me that to do otherwise would serve as justification for racism, speciesism, and a whole host of other really awful ethical positions.

Anyway, cheers. :) 




 **Ohh, the great wonder of *man*, and *his profound* search for meaning in the words of *great men*.**

p.s. **Penis.**

I feel quite strongly that it is intellectually dishonest to offer quotations in outdated, man-centric sexist language as though they are great and profound, implying that there is no problem at all with using language that excludes the non-male half-ish of humanity from a conversation about something entirely independent of masculinity.  If the idea is so great, it will survive a light revision of pronouns. 




 I wonder: what do you mean by thought-stopping? 




 Beautiful.  I love the contrast of realism in the knee, arm, and face, with impressionist droplet and heavy brush patterns that dominate the rest of the view - especially the implied bounce or splatter in the strong vertical of her calf and the brush patterns that rise up from where her foot meets the (assumed) ground, and the splashing sloshing spiral of her dress where it meets her thigh. 




 Bleh, who cares. 




 Regarding potentiation:  I'm afraid I haven't seen any research investigating this.  There is a strong body of research into piperidine (black pepper) as a bioavailability enhancer for curcumin and other natural supplements, but this is a different question really.

I haven't seen any research about galangal, but there is also strong evidence for ginger's cox-2 inhibition.  I don't believe it's been as thoroughly investigated, though - I could be wrong, I just haven't seen any good evidence to recommend a dosage etc. 




 ...

.......

Huh.

Hypocrisy is essentially pretending to hold some belief, standard, virtue, feeling, etc., that you don't actually hold.

Yet you see nothing hypocritical about someone claiming to hold an untenable ethical standard, that conveniently allows the slaughter for food of *only those animals that that person's culture happens to slaughter for food*.

The way I see it, if I can show that an ethical standard produces ethical claims that are plainly false, then I've shown that it is hypocritical for any rational person to claim that they hold that standard.  This is because a rational person can't be expected to hold an obviously false belief; any person doing so must be a hypocrit.

So whether the standard is wrong, alone, may not be relevant - but if the standard is grossly, obviously flawed, that alone is enough to demonstrate hypocrisy on the part of any reasonable person claiming to hold it, and so it is a poor candidate for changing OP's view. 




 On that account there is no such thing as objectivity. All thought is a subjective experience in that way. You've defined objectivity out of existence. Yet, objectivity exists. So there is a problem with your definition.

I don't think so.  I was quite careful to include the possibility of objectivity (although that is pretty much an untenable position for other reasons), and the clear allowance of inter-subjectivity.

My point is that rationality can operate on and communicate about both subjective and not purely subjective phenomena.  I'm being very careful with my language so as not to claim that objectivity is possible, but only that *if it is possible, rationality can work with it*.  I guess we disagree about that - probably because we hold very different views on what objectivity and subjectivity are.  A discussion of such views seems beyond the scope of this conversation, to me.

I don't think there is always a clear why for an ethical rule - at some point it is a brute fact. "X is the rule" because "X is the rule". And the answer to why is simply because it is. 

If this is the sense in which you're writing, then...well, that's a lot to swallow.  You really believe that an ethical rule that affords heightened moral status to animals on the basis of their being companions to human beings is as fundamental as the speed of light?  And you take the speed of light to be established by a tautology...when in fact, it is established by a far more complex justification that took long decades of observation, debate, and mathematical modelling to come about.  This makes no sense to me; it's really quite astounding.  Either I misunderstand you, or you've confused yourself.

 In this case though the answer to why is because companion animals are not just objects but also subjects. Humans can enter into an "I/thou" relationship with companion animals (in Martin Buber's sense). While livestock are objects and not subjects. We can only enter into "I/it" relationships with cows. Confronted with the other we are indebted to the other and owe it certain obligations - including to refrain from killing the other.

Interesting...

I disagree that there is any necessary difference between dogs and cows in this regard.  I guess you view cows as objects, and don't believe that they have subjective experiences?  Or their subjective experiences only matter if it's something that humans can relate to?

It seems quite plain to me that the *kind* of relationship I can enter with a dog is the same as the kind of relationship I can enter with a cow, or a human being for that matter.  It's a limited relationship based on communication through these evolved perceptual and social systems that I have as a human, and that the animal has as whatever animal it is.  The relationship varies in scope and ability between individuals; my relationship with my spouse is deeper and more powerful than my relationship with my cat.  My relationship with an uneducated fool is not as profound as my relationship with a trusted colleague.  But to me, all of those entities are conscious beings that suffer, and it would be equally wrong for me to hurt any of them unless I had very strong justification.

So I don't see the nature of any particular human relationship as a basis for establishing ethical status for any particular entity; to me, its relevance to ethics is only in its utility for humans as a means of investigating which phenomena indicate the presence of another entity with subjective experiences that are good and bad (from that entity's perspective).

edit:  Interestingly, Martin Buber's view was that the "I / Thou" and "I / It" faculties of relation were both equally operable on animate and inanimate objects.  So cows are in! 




  from where I'm sitting rationality demands objectivity

I don't believe that it does.  Rational thought is a subjective experience in exactly the same way that emotions are.  Rationality can be used to convey inter-subjective or perhaps objective statements very easily, and emotionality cannot.  But rationality *is a subjective experience*, and can be applied to subjective experience just as well as it can be to supposedly objective reality.

For example, I could count how many times I felt happy today.  Tomorrow, I could tell you: I was happy 37 times yesterday.  It's a perfectly rational (in this case, mathematical) judgement based on observation of totally irrational, purely subjective emotional phenomena.  It isn't objective - only I can make the observation.  But it is rational.

But that's not my view, my view is that the ability to communicate emotions to humans is one way we identify companion animals. I don't need to know what percent is begin communicated just that some are.

Ah - so you're actually promoting a rule-based ethic....something like "companion animals should not be eaten."

This is what I'm getting at about binaries.  A binary is a variable that can either be true, or false (or 1 or 0 - it has two possible values).  Rule-based ethics, such as "things in category X should not be killed for food", are essentially a series of rules based on binary variables.  You're either a companion animal, or you're not.  This is why they don't have the same measurement problem as systems dependent on continuous variables (e.g. suffering, which can be great or small or anything in between).

They have plenty of other problems, though.

In a rule-based system, you still need to determine whether a rule has been satisfied, whether condition X is met or not met in each specific case.  Is this animal a companion, or isn't it?  That isn't a trivial question.  It also isn't as big a problem as the measurement of continuous things like suffering, which could be anywhere on a broad scale of values.

But more importantly - *why should anybody care if an animal is a companion to human beings*?  What relevance does this have to whether it's wrong to kill that animal for food?  I get that this would be convenient if you wanted to go around believing it was ok to slaughter pigs, and not ok to slaughter dogs, but *convenience doesn't motivate an ethical claim.*  What's so great about being a human companion, that it demands ethical status? 




 It doesn't matter to you whether the ethical standard itself is flawed?

In this case, I could just hold an ethical standard that what most people think is ok in my culture is what's ethical...and you would apparently say that isn't hypocritical.

Somehow, I don't think this is going to change OP's view. :P  "It's right *for them...*" 




 Well, you ignored most of what I said...I'm having a hard time taking this as a serious attempt at conversation.  But ok...

No. Every consequentialist ethical theory that claims to be purely objective has this problem. That's a small subset of all ethical theories. 

This is too narrow, I believe.

(Incidentally, you've misunderstood me to be supporting a purely objective theory, which I am not)

If quantified measurement is a requirement for a consequentialist theory, then it seems it would be a problem for any theory that bases ethical status on any non-binary variable.  It's equally a problem if you base your system on whether emotions are being communicated to human beings or not - how much are they communicated?  A lot?  42%?  How do you decide?

You can't, of course.  So you must accept this as a limitation of any theory that depends on a non-binary variable.  Binaries don't have this problem: if you base ethics on a system of laws, you can determine well enough whether this or that legal condition was met or not, and limitation of measurement is of a different kind. 




  I could easily assume that suffering is only occurring when I observe it and fall into the same error.

This would be an error in your ability to determine the facts of the situation, though - not an error produced by the ethical criterion itself.

How do you measure suffering? How is it quantified? 

This is an important question, and one which has been written on and debated extensively by ethicists and other philosophers.  It is not an insurmountable problem for any ethical theory.  It's also equally a problem for just about any ethical theory, though.  How do you measure and quantify whatever it is that you use to determine how good or bad an action is?  Every ethical theory has this same problem.

Suffering isn't subject to "pure and rational judgment" because it is inherently subjective. Does dropping a hammer on my toe cause more or less suffering than being turned down for a date? Does killing a cow quickly and painlessly cause more or less suffering than not being able to afford steak? Does committing suicide cause more or less suffering than living a full life? You can't measure it, you can't compare it, it isn't subject to an objective analysis.

Hmm...

The way I see it, the only comparisons that are relevant are those between two possible outcomes in a single moral dilemma - so let's consider cow slaughter vs steak, since it depends the least on worldviews about life after death, what makes a good life, and so on.

What causes more suffering - instantly, painlessly killing a cow, or denying some people the experience of eating that cow?  It seems that by definition, the cow's death causes no suffering at all, so we'd better slaughter it and feed it so as not to disappoint anybody.  This is a problem for an ethical theory where actions are only wrong if they cause suffering, and there is nothing wrong with depriving goodness - the potential for this cow to go on living a good life is irrelevant, so as long as it causes *any suffering at all* to deny people the opportunity to eat its body, we have to say it's better to kill the cow.

We could invoke an ethical theory that takes good experiences and bad both into account, and seek the best balance of the two.  In that case, it might be wrong to kill the cow painlessly unless greater goodness could be derived by eating its body than would be loss by depriving it of its remaining years of life.  So it'd probably be good to kill it if some people would otherwise starve, or if the cow was going to die soon anyway (which seems about right).

This is probably better than invoking a theory based on human perception of cow emotions, which would probably not have anything to say anyway - this cow is not going to express any emotions during its instantaneous, painless death.  So your idea would imply that it was ok to kill the cow - or any being at all - any time, so long as it's instant and painless.

Incidentally, there is no existent system of meat commerce that involves painless slaughter, nor that slaughters animals that weren't raised to be slaughtered - usually raised in terrible conditions that cause immense suffering.  So the hypothetical is irrelevant to the realities of any actual case of mass meat production.  Even a strictly suffering-based ethic would find almost all modern meat production to be clearly, unequivocally unethical.

You can't measure it, you can't compare it, it isn't subject to an objective analysis.

I disagree.  You can't measure it, sure.  But we can certainly compare.  It's rough, but it's better than nothing.  Just because our ability to judge these things is limited by subjectivity, does not mean it'd be better to make no judgements at all and declare all ethical propositions to be equivalent. 




 You know, when you frame it as **vegetarianism** people tend to make a big deal.  But most women I've known ate so little meat I doubt they'd notice the difference if it just wasn't around for a few months.  She might gradually adjust with you, without even giving it much thought, even without you having to call it anything.. 




  I'm not suggesting that's the only ethical criteria. You could only reach that conclusion if it were the only ethical critera. 

No, no.  I could only reach the conclusion that one is perfectly ok and the other is wrong if that were my only criteria.  But using both a sane criteria (actions are wrong if they cause suffering and there is an alternative that causes less) and your criteria could lead me to think that two things that cause equal suffering are not equivalent, only because one of them isn't as emotionally salient *to me, the observer*.  That would be a mistake.  My example isn't black and white, good vs evil - it's a case that would be clear-cut that's made fuzzy if you judge with fuzzy logic.

My point is this:  your suggested way is a poor way of deciding ethical questions, and should be disregarded in favor of superior means.  Human emotional salience is simply not a good ethical criterion.  It produces all kinds of errors.  It awards ethical status to robots and television screens, if they look cute enough; it reduces the ethical status of retards and animals that don't resemble us visually.  It makes no sense to use, even as *one factor*, because that factor simply introduces error into what could have been a pure and rational judgement based on a superior ethical criterion (such as the suffering caused by a proposed course of action).

 




  Why aren't the euphoric effects mediated this way? I thought that reward and euphoria (the "liking" aspect in "wanting vs liking") are the same thing - can reward not feel euphoric?

The reason there are two words is *precisely because they are not the same thing*.  This is the central finding of all neuroscientific work in addiction and reward pathways - that reward is distinct from experience (how it feels) and also from whether you *like* it (your preference).  Everything else is built on this groundbreaking discovery, which was made decades ago. 




 I don't believe that it does - at least, not so quickly as you claim.  Can you offer a citation, so that we know more precisely what you're talking about?

Perhaps it's just your choice of language, but you seem to have a somewhat anthropomorphic view of the mechanisms of drug metabolism and of tolerance.  The body does not forget or remember how to metabolize drugs; the liver produces enzymes that metabolize drugs.  The liver does not learn new enzymes; every enzyme your liver will ever produce, you already have a gene for.  The rate at which it produces each enzyme, and each enzyme's effectiveness, can vary in response to a wide variety of factors.  For example, the presence of alcohol induces the liver to produce alcohol dehydrogenase, which breaks down alcohol.  if you drink all the time, your liver gets quite good at producing alcohol dehydrogenase.  This produces some of the variation in response to a drug within an individual over time; how much of the variation is explained by metabolic factors varies by drug, and by other aspects of the situation. 




 I don't believe that your views on tolerance are in accord with existing scientific consensus; also, I believe that you conflated tolerance and dependence when discussing the ease with which former addictions can be renewed.

Do you have any citations to support your claims - in particular, about single-dose rebound tolerance? 




 I disagree that it is ethically relevant.  To me, what makes something good or bad is what effect it has on some sentient being, and whether that sentient being suffers more or suffers less because of it.  Whether I can understand it or not doesn't matter one bit - it might lead to me making ethical mistakes, but it does nothing to change *what is right or wrong*.  It's wrong to torture dogs, because it hurts the dogs.  It's wrong to torture cows, because it hurts the cows.  I don't see any distinction at all.

If I also used your criteria, it could only lead to errors.  I might think it was less wrong to torture a developmentally disabled child than it was to torture a healthy child, because I can't relate to the developmentally disabled child's emotions as easily.  Or I might think that torturing a dolphin isn't as bad as torturing a cat, when in truth, it's probably worse to torture the dolphin (as dolphins are more intelligent and aware, and will therefore suffer more).  What good is an ethical criteria that produces errors like that?  It only complicates and confuses the issues.   




 the ablity of dogs to express human emotion (or mimic it...

Well, by this way of determining whether a living being's suffering is morally relevant, it would be more ethical to slaughter and eat a person who's been paralyzed than it would be slaughter a healthy dog. :/

Your emotional expression / mimicry based ethic has serious flaws. 




 I disagree with your assessment - I don't believe that you or I have any way of knowing where Voat will end up, based on the little knowledge currently available.  I do see the parallel you're talking about, I just don't think there is any way to predict a complex future situation like that.  All kinds of things could happen.

Given the choice right now between Reddit and Voat, it seems fairly obvious to me that conversations that depend on a strong free-speech platform more than they depend on a massive audience are generally better served on Voat for now. 




 I also found this concerning, but this doesn't make the two sites equivalent in their degree of censorship and content manipulation.  Voat is still a far more open platform, with less corporate advertising influence, a far more transparent voting system, presumably no vote manipulation, and with far less moderator censorship.

Only time will tell if it will remain this way, but for now, it is superior as a free-speech platform for the vast majority of users (not so much for jailbait, doxing, and stolen nude photos). 
























 I get that.  Your reply is irrelevant to my comment, which was asking for a source on the specific claim made. 














 You could try sleeping all day for awhile.  Perhaps you need the rest. 




 I didn't realize they could get the half-life of caffeine in my blood from a saliva sample.  That's incredible^TM!

**The Power of SCIENCE** 




 I believe so.

A revealing passage from about midway into the exchange, Harris writing:

On the topic of there being a moral equivalence between al-Shifa and 9/11, Im afraid that what you have written is hard to understand. Despite your insistence that you drew no moral equivalence whatsoever between the two cases, you call Clintons actions an atrocity the consequences of which were vastly more severe than if the same had been done to the U.S., and you say that any comparison with the consequences of 9/11 is, if anything, an understatement. 

This topic had gone back and forth a few times by this point, and Chomsky's meaning was quite clear before the conversation even began.  From Chomsky's book 9/11, quoted very early in the conversation:

I mentioned that the **toll** of the horrendous crime of 9-11, committed with wickedness and awesome cruelty (quoting Robert Fisk), may be comparable to the **consequences** of Clintons bombing of the Al-Shifa plant in August 1998.

(emphasis mine)

Throughout the conversation, Harris fails to distinguish between descriptions of the consequences of an action and claims about the ethical status of that action.  This is the kind of thing a philosophy student typically learns to do *before* they've even taken a course in ethics, in their Intro to Philosophy course or its equivalent.

He either has not acquired the basic thinking tools necessary to succeed in philosophical discourse, or he is trolling incredibly hard.  Either way, I see little reason to devote much thought to what he has to say about any topic that requires philosophical rigor.
 




 Sam Harris disproved Eastern philosophy and Wittgenstein *years* before he disproved analytic philosophy. 




 One reasonably strong objection that I haven't seen raised in this thread is to consider the well-being of others.

Taking the Odysseus example:

Suppose that staying on the island in a drug-induced stupor *is* in fact the best way for Odysseus and his companions to maximize their utility (i.e. hedonism would work for them in a utilitarian ethic), and suppose that utilitarianism is correct.

Surely if they left their wives, children, and communities back home to grow old and die without them, that would result in great suffering for their loved ones.  Imagine if news reached home to their families that they had chosen to hang out on an island getting stoned forever instead of coming home - or perhaps as bad, imagine if they never heard a word of news at all?

Assuming these fellows have any personal ties, it seems that if by going home they can secure at least a moderately good life for everyone involved, this would maximize utility across the whole group.

Does this have any relevance for real-world ethics?  Perhaps not, if there is reason to believe that most people can be successful hedonists; but it seems to me that many of the arguments *for* hedonism presented in this thread are weakened when the focus is broadened beyond isolated individuals.

Think about it: is a hedonistic *society* really going to maximize utility? 




 jajajaja 




 Can you link to your source?  If such a wide range in rate were common, it would be quite a surprise. 














 You're assuming many things about how vegetarianism effects meat consumption, and why vegetarianism matters ethically, and so on.

First, though, the easy argument: vegetarianism already has a definition, and it clearly isn't your working definition.  Vegetarianism is defined as *not eating meat*.  That is an almost universally accepted meaning, and words get their meaning through consensus.  So you need a new word - what you're describing isn't vegetarianism.

That's boring though, because what you really want is to consider the ethics of your position.

So - you figure there is no ethical difference so long as you aren't supporting meat production (presumably the parts that hurt animals).

One reason this view is incorrect has to do with how vegetarianism spreads.  People generally become vegetarian because they discover a culture of vegetarianism and find it appealing.  Perhaps it's the culture they're born into (e.g. in parts of India); such people are raised vegetarian and historically have tended to remain so for life.  Others meet somebody who is vegetarian, are curious, and are inspired by this person's commitment to ethics and their empathy for the suffering of others.

Well, consider this situation where you're eating part of your friend's sandwich.  How inspiring is that?  Is your friend going to think, "Gee, maybe I should be a vegetarian, too - this vegetarian friend of mine really seems convinced that it's wrong to eat animals."  No, she won't think that.  She's more likely to think "Huh...vegetarias want to eat meat too.  Maybe they're not on to anything so great after all."

Ask any vegetarian who is a convert how they came to their decision, and see what they say.  Just about every one I've met had some contact with other vegetarians, and was gradually convinced of their point of view, and then felt disturbed by their own involvement in animal cruelty - which eventually led to them losing their taste for meat.  How will vegetarianism spread if all the vegetarians lack the ethical conviction not to hunger for a bite off someone's sandwich?

If you believe it's wrong to support animal cruelty by buying meat, then surely you believe you have a duty to not encourage others to buy meat.  Unless you believe that wishy-washy "vegetarians" who want bites of meat off others' sandwiches are going to be just as effective at spreading vegetarianism as truly convinced vegetarians who have lost their taste for meat out of disgust for its terrible origins, then you really can't ethically allow yourself to be a wishy-washy sandwich nibbler. 




 It really doesn't matter how big the sandwich is - if you don't eat that bite, somebody else will.  That somebody else will then be more satiated with meat than they would have been if you'd taken the bite instead.  So by taking a bite, you're adding one bite of meat to the world - it isn't a free bite.

Your argument might be able to justify eating *discarded* meat that nobody else would ever eat if you didn't.  But that's really the limit.

This may be somewhat similar to historical rules for begging monks in some Buddhist traditions, who could eat meat given to them out of charity, but only if the conditions satisfied a complex set of rules that ensured that the meat was otherwise waste. 




 Well...

You have high blood pressure.  Your post talks about a lot of things that probably have very little to do with your high blood pressure, but glosses over or ignores risk factors that are extremely well supported by scientific evidence.  It's unlikely that you're going to drop your blood pressure substantially with supplements, especially considering that you're already using several.

This is why I gave my advice below: to stop taking all the supplements and see what happens, and then reintroduce them to confirm the effect (if any). And more importantly, to address those risk factors that you can which are actually strongly supported by evidence - reduce stress, follow recommended exercise levels, reduce bodyweight if appropriate, reduce stimulant use if you use, etc.

My purpose in this comment thread, however, was simply to inquire about a mistaken research method - making causal attributions on the basis of self-testing without a blind.  You have no idea how much, if any, of that 10/5mmHg drop was from garlic, and you don't need to - it's a distraction from what you really ought to be focusing on if you want to address your high blood pressure.  You didn't get to 140/90 by not eating enough garlic or grapeseed extract. ;-) 




 Heh.

What distinguishes us from cave men is that we exist, while cave men are only a convenient fantasy invoked by people whose knowledge of human prehistory leaves much to be desired. 




 Look - it isn't pedantic to clarify when somebody has thoroughly misunderstood what you've said, and is putting words in your mouth. 




 *Ohhhhhh* that sick burn.. /s

HURR DURR GET OFF MAH INTERNETZ YOU DAMN INTUHLECTCHULLS 














 No, you did not.  I was seeking a specific answer about the relationship between two quite specific statements, and you gave an unsolicited and rather condescending refutation of a view that I have not expressed at all. 




  gaviscon

There is no reason to use it unless you suffer acid reflux.  Neutralizing your stomach acid won't prevent irritation by alcohols.

Mixing them pure in a container until they solubilize and then blend the mixture with the desired amount of water would work? 

Yes.  If you want to be careful about it, add water slowly and watch for cloudiness or a precipitate forming.  If either occurs, you've found out how much water you can add before one of your substances falls out of solution (and you can add a little PG or alcohol to bring it back in).

I wouldn't be so concerned about using a little ethanol to accomplish this instead of PG.  The amount you'd need to dissolve an active dose should be far below a threshold dose of ethanol. 




 :-/

You didn't address my inquiry - nor do you know anything in particular about does or doesn't rustle my jimmies.  My comment is consistent with a wide variety of affective states, many of which would leave my jimmies undisturbed. 




 Blood pressure naturally varies within the range you've described, due to a wide variety of factors.  Standing, sitting, moving, thinking about exciting or boring topics, and of course expectations (placebo) can all effect changes of the magnitude you describe.

Your own expectations, in particular, could easily explain a consistent self-experimental finding of any dietary factor influencing blood pressure within that range.  It really doesn't make sense to believe that you know the cause of the changes you've observed. 




   Garlic is probably the best of the bunch with a couple of raw cloves leading to a transient drop of ~10/5mmHg. 4-8 stalks of celery/day also might be good for ~5 but isn't consistent.

Where did you get this data?  Is this from you monitoring yourself? 




 Bad advice.  Don't take an experimental proprietary supplement because it helped some random stranger on the internet - you should make important decisions about your health, which could add or remove decades from your life, on the basis of strong evidence. 




 Go ahead, if it's what you really want.  You've obviously given it some thought, and who is anybody to tell you they know better about what you should do with your life?

But you might consider that person with no qualms about dying is in a position of power that is quite rare, which could be used to do great things.  Perhaps you don't care about doing great things, but from your comment it sounds like actually you do - you care a lot about what's happening in the world, and wish that it were different.  So maybe you should do something about it instead of just ending your life passively.
 




 I'd drop everything you have reason to believe may be raising your blood pressure for a couple weeks, and see if it changed anything.  Then I'd add it all back again regardless of the result, and note the change from that (if any).

It's pretty difficult to figure out what's going on with self experiments like this, so I definitely wouldn't start by looking for minor effects that each of these things may have on their own.

You should also investigate the things that doctors talk about when you have high blood pressure (i.e. body weight, exercise, stimulant drugs, and stress).  Obviously you're aware of these things, but you haven't been explicit about them.  It's possible that you need to address one or more of those factors, and that you *can't* deal with this using nutrition and supplements. 









 First, they don't conflict directly, but the common wording is unfortunate.

Please explain why they don't conflict, in your view.  It seems to me that you're simply deflecting the question, instead of addressing the apparent contradiction. 




  * Anything that incites harm or violence against an individual or group of people

 * Anything that harasses, bullies, or abuses an individual or group of people (these behaviors intimidate others into silence)

These two seem potentially quite problematic.

How are each of these terms defined?  Who decides what is in or out, and by what process?  Is that process transparent, and is there room for community input?

For example, some people see vehement disagreement in debate on a controversial subject as harassment, as in a Canadian legal case of harassment of Twitter that was in the news earlier this week.  That sort of definition would capture a great deal of content that I believe a majority of Redditors do not want censored. 









 The grammar in your second sentence was indeed quite poor. 




 I didn't even do that. :O 




 :'( 














 /u/duckmurderer 









 At least we are in agreement about one thing: OP needs to burn his house down. 




 She's on to you - it's only a matter of time before the police come.  You need to burn down your house immediately and flee to Belize. 




 Sure thing.

The online tripsit guide you linked is a much better document.  It offers clear, direct advice about what to do and what to avoid, and that advice seems likely to lead to positive results.  It does seem to suffer from an excessive negative emphasis, but then again, people don't come to online trip-sitting chat rooms because they're having a good experience - perhaps that emphasis is appropriate in this case. 




 I haven't seen any quality guides for trip-sitting in a general sense, though if you want to get substance-specific I believe there's some good material floating around for ecstasy users.

You might get some mileage out of this classic read on psychedelic use:

[Session Games People Play: A Manual for the Use of LSD](http://www.luminist.org/archives/session.htm)

It's not quite what you're looking for, but it does lay out many of the fundamental issues in facilitating fruitful psychedelic experiences in small groups.  Interestingly, much of the advice on trip-sitting I've seen online actually plays into one or more of the session-wasting "games" explicated in the article. 




 Not really a guide, though there is some useful information. But it seems to me that, if presented to an inexperienced user, that page would give a person all kinds of bad ideas.

For example, the page devotes excessive space and consideration to psychotic reactions (which are extremely rare), to active guidance (which is usually inappropriate and counterproductive), and to danger (which is practically non-existent in many cases, but widely misunderstood). 




 Turn off the computer and lights, lie down, and close your eyes.  It's no good trying to do *anything* during a 3rd plateau DXM experience; you'll only interfere with what's happening.  Don't worry - just lie down and drift away... 



















 Well...yeah, that is ad hominem.  The only relevance your post has is to whatever claims of expertise OP made - but most of their post does not depend on any such claim. 




 /u/TEHNETS **ANGRY!!** 




 Someone's being a negative Nancy... 




 I think the idea is to vaporize, and that some cannabinoids are bronchodialators.

But you know, when I vaporize cannabis, I get fucking high.  I don't think inhalers do that....maybe that's the appeal. 




 I couldn't say - she's not my wife!  I didn't write the article.

But I imagine it may have something to do with the marijuana not being as effective a medicine for asthma as those inhalers... 














 Good point; it does seem like the author was sort of looking for a story on this topic, and found it in this. 




 Yeah...I'm willing to bet they've looked into that, and that they know more about her asthma triggers than we do. 




 I suppose that could be.  Sounds like one of the more interesting, if sadly dystopian, ways current politics could play out. 









 I've been vegetarian for about a decade, and nobody has ever yelled at me about it.  I've had plenty of conversations, though.  I generally deflect if it's around a meal, because people who eat meat seem to invariably get quite upset if they have to talk about the ethics of eating meat while eating.

Many people have pressed the issue over the years, though.  I find they shut up quick if I just tell them why I don't eat animals:
 "I don't want to cause animals to be raised in inhumane conditions and then killed, just to satisfy my desire to eat their meat.  I'd rather eat something else."

Can't really argue with a person who's done nothing but share their feelings. 









 **Everybody deserves good acid! :D** 




 Don't you think it's a bit naive for you to offer a one-line solution to such a long-standing, complex problem?  Without any evidence, no less?

It's pretty easy to poke holes in, too.  Hey, what if all the foreign workers keep being prostitutes, but just drop out of the legal system!  Huh...now your solution sounds a lot like...prohibition!  Which, incidentally, I did not advocate for. 




 Yes - /u/uvvapp has failed to establish any clear means of distinguishing which cases of employment are bodily exploitation and which are not.  For example, what about construction workers in developing nations?  Or [these kids in India who tear apart ships?](https://youtu.be/qhIaEEW63Sc?t=3m42s)  Are they in, or out?  Why? 




 I disagree that regulation is always necessary, but I certainly resonate with your view that there are strong parallels in completely unrelated industries - prostitution isn't unique in its possession of a vulnerable workforce.  But of course, it is unique in other ways, just like whichever manual labor intensive industry you work in.  They each require some care. 




 I don't disagree, but then again, I also didn't say anything about the morality of prostitution... 




 No; I'm afraid it isn't that simple.  That's why we both wrote more than one short sentence each - your summary does not accurately reflect the conversation. 




 Did you watch the documentary?  It's about a country with legalized, very loosely regulated prostitution. :-/

If you believe that Germany's laws about prostitution are the *cause* of human trafficking and coercion of German prostitutes, I challenge you to give specific evidence to support that claim. 




 I don't think the exploitative aspect is any different in the way you've framed it.  But it is, I think, much more horrible for a sex worker than it is for most other workers.  Consider the interviews with the prostitutes that they included - those women seem obviously traumatized in a way most workers are not.

https://youtu.be/QUBQLPgQ2RA?t=5m25s

https://youtu.be/QUBQLPgQ2RA?t=8m20s

So while I agree that the *exploitation* isn't really any different from most other employment, I'm sympathetic to the view that prostitution may require strict regulation to protect the workers from the trauma of that line of work.

And there is some set of sex workers who are being exploited in further ways, such as human trafficking.  This is obviously not what you're talking about, but is another reason to call for intervention. 




 There is better evidence for the safety of occasional moderate to high doses of psychedelics than there is for regular low-dose use, simply because regular low-dose use is not common.

That said, there is little reason to expect neurotoxicity.  You're correct that their mechanism of action is quite different from those of amphetamine and MDMA, and that MDMA and amphetamine induced neurotoxicity is not evidence for psychedelic induced neurotoxicity.  Note that amphetamine is known to have the potential to induce lasting neurotoxicity in doses not much higher than those used therapeutically, and is strongly habit-forming and addictive.  LSD has neither of these marks against it, and is likely a safer bet if you can verify your supply and dosage. 









 hurr durr, get off mah internetz you goddam inteellec-chul 




 The real question is, is supporting a mildly socialist, with some damning imperialist tendencies more important than alienating international allies?

I don't believe that this *is* the real question, or even a genuine question. It's just a false dilemma; a cheap rhetorical device.  What international allies will be alienated if American anarchists offer qualified support and thoughtful criticism to Bernie Sanders?

Perhaps none!  If we behave reasonably and with tact, I doubt that any valuable ally would be lost - as such a person would surely recognize the strategic value of offering qualified support in order to make incremental political gains. 




 Fair enough; thank you for clarifying. 




 Like the clear argument so eloquently displayed above:

What the fuck is your problem? You actually have something relevant to say, or are you just here to be a troll?

Surely the speaker of this fine example of enlightened reason would never come off as an asshole! 




 Hey, no need to be such a dick.  You know what I had to say?  I had two sarcastic remarks about a pretentious and infantile quotation of a line from an old song by Tool.

Oh my god - somebody said something sarcastic and irreverent in the face of a profound quotation in /r/psychonaut - she must be an asshole, and we must downvote and attack her.

This absurdly childish and hateful reaction is evidence enough to me that my comment was relevant and substantive. 




 They're well worth a listen. 




 :/ 




 Hey, no need to be a dick about it 




 Hey - no need to be a dick about it. 




 The Rothschild political cartoon is not what /u/wumsdi is addressing - it is the title quote.  Click the link - it contains a reasoned dissection of the origins of the title quote, which is not what it is presented to be. 




 As much as I appreciate the sentiment, this is not an appropriate way to seek political support.  Your post is essentially spam. 




 Enjoy your safe space, stoners 




 That isn't the point.  I don't have a problem with the video.  The point is that /u/GarrottedClown is advancing a plainly false view. 




 Huh...well, I guess that's one way to go about arguing a point. :/

The initial permission you're referencing in no way contradicts the permissionless innovation idea - after that (blanketed and unconstrained) permission was granted, there was no need for individuals to ask permission before implementing a new idea.  Anybody with $ could start a web-based business with almost no regulatory overhead.

That the internet developed out of ARPAnet, etc, is no contradiction to that. 




 Oh my god what is this band - it's so good, and I definitely haven't spent hours listening to them before like every other psychedelic enthusiast that came of age in the last 20 years. /s 




  Video is a depiction of what is actually happening. If your conscience is clear, these things shouldn't bother you.

That is just not right.  That video bothered the fuck out of me for reasons that have nothing to do with my own guilt (I have none, in this case).  It is disturbing to see horrible things happen, regardless of one's personal responsibility. 




 Whoah duuude....I'm like soooo high right now... 




 It depends on how strictly the law will apply.  Would any business with California customers have to get a license, or would it only apply to businesses with a physical presence in California?

If it is the former case, then we can expect a ton of businesses to simply deny service to California. 




 Depends on how you look at it.  You can't deny that there was a period of massive growth in the 1990s that had very little to do with military spending. 




 Anarchists have a long proud history of critiquing even socialism for its flaws, instead of jumping right in and supporting every revolution.

This is a false dichotomy, and has little relevance to the OP.  Anarchists can critique Bernie Sanders without actively alienating all his supporters.  They can even critique him and also support his run for president.

Thats a terrible way to look at things, and a very invalid comparison.

**Why?**  It seems like a fair comparison to me, and you haven't offered any specific reason why it is flawed.  

Bernie Sanders is shifting the political debate in America to include a somewhat liberal perspective.  That's a good thing for anarchists, because it makes our ideas slightly more accessible to the mainstream, and closer to admission to mainstream political debate.  It's a gift.

If we ignore that gift, and even degrade it and alienate those who support these somewhat liberal ideas, then we are essentially behaving as though we believe anarchist society will come without any incremental political gains (or that we don't care whether anarchist society ever happens).  That is extremely naive, as I think OP has shown.  Even if revolution occurred without any prior liberalization, it is very difficult to imagine a way it could play out that would favor anarchism.  Anarchists would be outgunned and outnumbered by more militant groups with greater mass appeal in the current political climate.

So it seems to me that the alternative to seeking incremental change is to hope for a lucky win, and OP's metaphor seems pretty good.

...

His Israel stance is obnoxious and needs to go. As an American its really easy for me to support this because the chances of finding any canidate that doesn't have their mouth around Israel's cock is slim to none. Sanders and his background in Israeli Kibutzim, and notorious attachment to Israel make my endorsement embarassing to any socialist who is not American.

It doesn't matter.  All viable American presidential candidates will serve the Israel lobby; there is no other option.

Typical liberal gun control stance. He's at least admitted its racialist, where most other libs don't do as much.

Again, it doesn't matter.  Any viable Democratic candidate will have the standard Democrat gun control stance.

If things like this make a candidate unacceptable, then there will simply never be an acceptable candidate.  If that is your approach to supporting politicians, then you have no possibility whatsoever to effect positive change through the political process.  That is a poor strategy in the current political climate, imo - sometimes a candidate is better for anarchism than another, despite failings such as those above. 




 You're welcome!  I've never seen l-theanine at reasonable prices in local stores, though it is often available at supplement stores where they exist.  But it's quite cheap and easy to obtain online; sites like Purebulk, Powdercity, and the ubiquitous Amazon   Ebay are all good sources. 




 The only active component is the caffeine, and perhaps the B-complex in some weak synergy with it.  The extra B12 is pure waste; it will do exactly nothing unless you are deficient, and if you are deficient, you should see a doctor and receive better treatment.

Regarding the caffeine...200mcg is a sub-threshold dose, so I assume you mean 200mg.  200mg of caffeine is a fairly normal dose for a tolerant user.  You should be concerned in the same way you would be when taking your 5hr energy drink, which I believe has the same dose of caffeine.

In other words: if you are healthy now, you should consider alternate approaches in the medium to long-term to avoid increasing your risk of cardiovascular disease.  If you are already at risk for cardiovascular disease, you should probably stop using caffeine.

Since you seem to like supplements, you might be interested in l-theanine and its synergistic relationship with caffeine.  L-theanine is a cheap, amino-acid-like supplement that is found in green tea, which has a balancing effect when taken with caffeine.  It seems to reduce the negative side effects - such as anxiety and paradoxical distraction - which normally accompany caffeine in moderate to high doses.  But it doesn't reduce caffeine's stimulatory and cognitive enhancing effects.  A couple hundred mg of theanine could greatly improve your stack. 




 It is worth worrying about, but perhaps not in the exact way you're worrying about it.   Where are you getting these ideas about ideal ratios and so on?

Most clinical research I've seen is addressed to dosages, not to omega 3 / 6 ratios.  It probably makes more sense to follow a dosage guideline derived from research, such as you would find on a public health web site. 




 That isn't true.  You haven't even specified the dosage in each pill, nor the dietary intake of omega 6 - both of which vary dramatically.

A person who doesn't eat junk food, uses non-omega 6 heavy oils, and doesn't eat nut butters may well have a single-digit daily intake of omega 6.  Concentrated fish oil pills can easily contain half a gram of omega-3.

1-1 ratio isn't necessarily difficult to hit.  It also isn't necessarily desirable. 




 I guess Rand Paul has had enough small, limited federal government now that his eyes are on the prize.  Sigh... 









 You can't.

But since the mid-00's to present there has always been at least one dried, powdered, high potency plant source that drops right in to prevailing kitchen chemistry techniques available on ebay.  Probably Amazon as well.  So you only have to make one internet purchase to do this, that purchase is a tried and tested reasonably safe purchase, and you can probably do it with a prepaid nameless card.

Everything else you need is at the hardware store etc, as you already seem to know. 









 Congratulations.  Feels good to do what you know is right. :) 




 Eh, no need to be a dick about it. 




  I find it absolutely ridiculous to argue that a society that doesn't attend Lion's Club meetings or goes to NASCAR events is incapable of thinking for themselves.

I agree!  But the article never argued this point - it's entirely your own. 




 I know what you mean.  I think you've given a good example of how social media platforms can isolate people and undermine discussion.  But then again, this discussion would never have happened at all without Reddit, and the cost was very low; it also serves as a counter-example to the article's main point. 




 I disagree.  It's an infantile attempt to prove a point with a contrived white savior story that did not happen, and would be objectionable if it had. 




 Theoretically, yes.  But it would be worth looking into whether there is direct evidence for this before choosing it as a routine method of supplementing magnesium.  It's worth mentioning, as well, that magnesium citrate often produces diarrhea - which can disrupt the absorption of just about anything. 




  I don't agree with his objections to electronic images, however. Many of those people staring at their phones are interacting with other people, and not just consuming corporate entertainment. Also, electronic recordings, such as those of Eric Garner and Walter Scott, are extremely important to the mass movements of today.

I agree with this objections, but also recognize what you've said: those electronic images are not necessarily a bad thing.  I don't think the author would disagree with that - it's quite obvious, really.

I would like to have seen this article in a longer form, explicating a more nuanced view that differentiates between genuine political participation and social interaction via the internet, and all the other uses of internet that he bemoaned. 




  It is tempting to bemoan our isolation and claim young people are brainwashed or isolated, but I think the line between corporatist propaganda and socialization is blurry when most of my interactions with friends, family and colleagues are done on social media. Using those platforms does expose me to advertising, but I use an adblocker, so that's a moot point. 

The author doesn't get into this at all, but I think he could have address this by discussing how the *structure* of social media has been shaped to produce some of the negative changes he's described in our society.  The content isn't handed down to you, but through it's structure the platform produces highly stereotyped content that seems to produce isolation, distraction, and a lack of genuine political and social participation.

This is something that has been written about at length by many others, but usually without invoking this broader sociopolitical context - what the author of this article discussed as corporate totalitarianism.

What do you think?  Are all those interactions on social media a contradiction to the author's point, or could they perhaps support it? 




 Hehe...somebody's feeling a bit defensive. :P

I honestly did not perceive any sense of blame in the article - I didn't take it as a moralistic piece.  Of course, the author expresses their belief that the current trajectory of our society is worrying, and should be averted.  But besides that claim, it seemed like a plainly *descriptive* article to me - the author explicates their view of a set of social processes, and what he believes to be their cause. 
























