 DAMN RIGHTWING WGBH shilling for the pipeline proponants 




 Its not really sexism, just human nature. There are plenty of guys that would hate a random dude who their SO mentioned was attractive. It's all rooted in insecurity. 




 Just laugh. It's completely jealousy. Hopefully sometime her husband is there and you can flirt with him. 




 Hey, no disrespect meant to any branch. I'm just trying to dispel the "durr, ure goining to military..u gonna bloww up in Irak" retardism I see all the time. The reality is that barring WW3 (which would suck for everyone) many military jobs are very safe and not very physically taxing. 




  men would rather die than kill

natural selection right there 




 Could have been Hungarians, Italians, Bulgarians, etc. as well. 




 I thought I saw a post on this forum a while ago talking about how they were sometime shot if they came back and the cockpits were sometimes locked shut. 




 Nah, did both 




 fack, I was probably in the most bullshit laden part of the military and I'm pretty much the same except some knee pain and a bunch of educational benefits.

If you wanna skip the whole danger/physical toll part there's always 90% of the air force and navy. 




 hell most people in the military don't like military culture 




 people living in a communal situation is hardly turning colleges into prisons 




 let me guess. you arent college educated?

Man, I don't really have a horse in this race but an undergrad saying something like that sure does make you sound like an entitled little shit 




 True enough, although it meant to support a college student...not a family. 




 Transferring isn't THAT difficult...and I'm sure people that got into UCB could get a lot of scholarships at less competitive universities. If 200 kids put in their papers to transfer it would make a lot more of a statement than sitting in a building. 




 yea not many people seem to consider the military option...the post 9/11 gi bill is a great deal 




 No I mean like a room with 20 or 30 people in bunk beds, hostel style. 




 IT WAS A JOKE!!!!! 




 Looking at the UCB website it looks like tuition and fees are roughly 13k and room and board are 14.5k. It seems like there would be some room to reduce costs in the room and board area. There should be an option for students to live in a large room on bunk beds and a lower cost dining hall that has less choices. Students willing to accept these conditions could have their room and board significantly reduced. This may or may not be feasible at USB but it would seem like a good choice to offer in cases where room and board cost more than tuition and fees. This is, of course, assuming that the billing model reflects cost of operations. 




 why? 




 private message sent... 




 So did you wake her up and say "hey, you pissed the bed.....it's okay, I'm not mad" 




 *thanks NATO 




 *crosses fingers and hopes Thai government establishes real Hunger Games 




 Sounds more like shit you buy in Chinatown than a "weapons shipment" 




 never stand up in court 




 ABLEISM!!! (stims furiously) 




 You should do what we do in the states....bus minorities from nearby poor districts so wealthy suburbanites can have a black kid in their english class. 




 OK, you're stupid 




 Yea, I'm not saying that lots of women might not feel this way, just that the one who do are stupid. 




 and that would be a stupid woman you don't want to date 




 That's more than slightly discriminatory. I'm one of the folks that thinks a lot of complaints about "discrimination" by anyone (men, women, white, black, etc.) are driven more by attention seeking and the desire to create controversy than any real problem. This is a real problem and pretty much the definition of sexism. You should do something about this.

This is fairly shocking to me, what country is this? 




  "Unfortunately, this doesnt display the results clearly enough". He then 
summarily dropped his trousers and shorts, revealing a long, thin, clearly erect penis. There was not a sound in the room. Everyone had stopped breathing.

Science! 









 maybe they're just better at it ;) 




 Yea...I know, I'm just picking on France because it's the American Way. I suppose Egypt or Turkey (our "allies") would be more factual. 




 Good Guy USA: hooks you up with virgins in your area that want to fuck tonight! 




 I don't hate my parents....then again I'm also not France 




 Either this is a weird repost or there is an epidemic of this in the indian-american community http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/2kzg83/i_am_pregnant_and_someone_sent_my_husband_a_sex/ 




 In the Air Force or Navy you almost certainly wont 




 this is a great list 




 While the sentiment here seems to be "no shit" (and I agree that currently that is true) I think many here many be failing to appreciate that this has not always been the case. During the cold-war right-wing, left-wing, and nationalist ideologies inspired a large proportion of terrorist movements. 




 I'm a man. It depends on context. If I am walking at night in a not so great neighborhood I view all people as a threat until proven otherwise. This means constantly scanning to observe behavior and location, clearing corners carefully, moving confidently, and maintaining distance from unknown people. Clearly I assign a greater "threat index" to a large man than an elderly woman. If I'm in a crowded shopping mall my level of alertness is less.
 




 WUT.... it's 2.85 in worcester 




 The UK these days with its extensive CCTV network, mass disarmament, and censorship seem to be the culmination of Orwell's vision.....with a dash of deference to muslim extremism. 




 The new wave of job openings means female Marines in active-duty artillery, tank, assault amphibian, combat engineer, combat assault, and low-altitude air defense battalions and an array of selected reserve units can now fill jobs at the company and battery level

I thought this was ABOUT women getting jobs in company level combat units....perhaps I misunderstood. I recognize they aren't in grunt units yet....but give it a few years. They're already sending them to ITB. 




 I'm not familiar with the TOE of every type of unit but infantry companies typically have a headquarters section with 4 enlisted (1stsgt, gunny, police sgt, and clerk) in reality it is usually expanded to a "headquarters platoon" which is squad sized and filled with people who are unwanted in the rifle or weapons platoons. 




 There's gonna be a whole bunch of "Headquarters Platoons" forming 




 Or that people have a financial interest in creating that impression. 




 It's jealousy, nothing more.  




 Thinking of it from a purely marketing perspective...its pretty clear there isn't a conspiracy against a drug for female sexual dysfunction. Clearly most women would like it........but I bet there are a lot of men with wives going through menopause that would really like it too. "Yo this pill will make your wife wanna fuck more!" is second only to "Yo this pill will make yo dick rock hard!" in terms of massive marketing potential to middle-aged men. 




 oh New Orleans.....the USA's little slice of the third world 




 twitter isn't that bad 




 well they DID get cut in half 




 Forget it Jake. It's Boston. 




 what's wrong with fake titties? 




 When I was a 17-year-old in 2001 it seemed pretty clear to me that you didn't want to take out big loans or study something that was unmarketable.  




 I was born in 1985 as well and heard plenty of the "do what you love," "just be yourself," "everyone is beautiful," BS advice the still predominates our mass media. I also realized that getting a degree field without a clear career path after graduation and taking out huge loans to do it was a bad idea. I turned down an Ivy League education because it would have required large loans. I studied STEM instead of history which I would have preferred. I guess I just don't get it...did other people's parents literally never tell them about money? Did people just assume any college degree meant a great paying job? We DID have the internet, newspapers, and books back in the day.  




 Widely used on Reddit is not the rest of the world. It has one entry on urban dictionary that makes reference to One Direction fans.  




 Sorry mom....

also....wtf is it with people on Reddit saying everything is "cringy"? Is this from the UK? The only people that talk like that in the US are preteen girls. 




 I hear they like it that way down in Brazil 




 America doesn't need you gay nerd laws UN. MURICA! USA USA USA 




 I'm sure the Germans will be able to find a solution 




 absolutely 




 and German is the largest ethnic group in America....so basically the Germans have mastered this race! 




 Then they can use money from their jobs to buy shitty food. There is no fucking "right" to Doritos paid for by the government. 




 God forbid they have a beer or a cigarette....but that doesn't mean the taxpayer should be directly funding it.  




 Damn Phil is 10 years deep in the friend zone and reaching his breaking point. I'd stay the fuck away from him. 




 In Afghanistan after one of our guys stepped on an IED and got blown in half. Running all over the scene setting up medical care, security, and calling for an evac. We didn't have time to carefully sweep for more IED's and they are usually planted in groups so I was just running around on my tiptoes whispering "fuckfuckfuck" to myself. 




 "There's a gun violence problem" Conservatives: "NO THERE ISN'T COMMIE!" because agreeing would imply there is something wrong with gun culture (a lot of their electorate)

"There is a gun violence problem in black culture" Liberals; "NO THERE ISN'T RACIST!" because agreeing would imply there is something wrong with black culture (a lot of their electorate) 




 NO it's only one party that's stupid 




 and the same thing happens from the other side when you break down the demographics of gun violence 




 Hmm, I stand corrected, it looks like NATO is doing more than I thought. I wish we were doing A LOT more.

both sides armed opposition fighters at least 20 times in the past 100 years

probably WAY more 




 Said ONE Ukrainian general and everyone denied it. I mean AFAIK the Russians have never confirmed supplying the separatists but it is very obvious looking at the hardware they have. On the other hand I haven't seen any obviously NATO equipment in the hand of the Ukrainian Army. Don't get me wrong, I wish NATO was suppling the Ukrainians but I haven't seen any evidence they are. If you have pictures or other info I would (seriously) be interested in seeing it. 




 HONEST question: Those charges SEEM to be applied to individuals who are not suspects lying to protect someone else. The federal charges seem to sometimes be applied to the suspect. Do I have a false impression of this? 




 It is against federal law to lie to the FBI (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Making_false_statements) But I can't seem to find any state level versions of this law. Why not? 




 I think this was the original use for "friend zone" ie. the guy that follows a girl around like a little puppy for years expecting her to one day jump into bed with him. One day said girl meets a guy and mr. "friend zone" gets butthurt, he professes his love for her, and she (reasonably) says something along the lines of "I think of you as a friend."

Guys that begin with a romantic interest and get rejected are not "friend zoned," they are rejected as others have expressed. This may be somewhat complicated when women say something like, "we can still be friends." Generally this may be seen as letting the guy down easy (although I'm sure it is sometimes sincere) but it can be confusing for soft-headed guys.  




 Well the Koreans have a similar version but age is the primary determining factor not who invited whom. I was suggesting culture contributes to social views, individual anecdota may vary. 




 I merely suggested that alternate views of individual responsibilities in a social interaction might be colored by the culture of the individuals involved. You seemed to be misunderstanding and getting upset. The culture is WASPs in NE United States. 




 We can't complain about people being rude?  




 In my culture the invited person should at least offer, for the host to ask them to pay would be rude.  




 Maybe she knows the picture is there, maybe she posted it. There is absolutely no upside to you making her aware of it. There IS a downside if she takes it the wrong way. 




 It may be cultural. In my culture if you are invited out to a meal you ALWAYS offer to pay your share, HOWEVER it is typically expected that the individual who offered the invitation will pay. 




 NATO arms the Ukrainians? 




 Welp, if you ever visit the USA ill buy you a beer 




 That's a lot of writing to miss the point entirely. I vote my own self interests, you cry like a baby on the internet. Looking at your posting history virtually everything is an anti-American diatribe. I smell inferiority complex. You also talk a lot of shit to anonymous strangers which suggests you are a coward that gets bullied a lot. Not far off base, huh? 




 That two intelligent people, based on the same facts, should reach the same conclusions 




 She referred you to a psychiatrist because she recognizes that your problems exceed her expertise in the area. She doesn't want to change your meds because if you show up to your psychiatrist and say "problems etc." and then explain that you just switched TWO mood altering medications it will make the psychiatrist's job that much harder.  




 depends on how much money they make 




 Yeah...these guys are TOTALLY gonna limit carbon emissions 




 Lets say hypothetically WMDs are out of the picture, America declares war on Russia, and Russia is exterminating all civilians in occupied countries. 


































 Around 830 last night there were 50-100 bicyclists riding against traffic in both lanes down River St. in Cambridge. Most of them did not have lights on and I about squished the first few before I saw them. Anyone know what this was about? 



























































 And the chance of the UN making that happen is zero, so saying it just makes them look impotent.  




 I heard abu zubaydah took the ice bucket challenge... 




 Saying stupid stuff like this makes them even more of a joke. Its like some little kid telling a grown man he's gonna kick the man's ass. If the kid had made a good argument to the man, tried to reason with him, the man might listen. When you start out with threats/demands that you have no possible way of following through on, you get laughed at. 




 my aunt who told me that I need to make him come to me

This is really terrible advice. A great way to specifically select for guys who are more desperate/have fewer options. Not so say that guys(or girls) with more options are necessarily better....but common sense dictates that they probably are.  




 One my good friends went from NYC to Sweden...also married.  




 Yea...when I interviewed at Harvard (no I didn't get in) a bunch of people were texting the whole time. One girl just left in the middle of the tour to "go meet a friend." I was flabbergasted.  




 The ER I work in HATES this. Not so much for adults but everyone wants it for kids who miss school. I've never seen anyone refuse to write one so they are essentially meaningless anyway. It's also funny because no one want to waste time meeting a dumb requirement so the letters, in there entirety, generally read something like this: "Johnny is sick and can't go to school. - Dr. XXX." 




 This is such a non story. "Guy gets mad at business that over charged him." Just an excuse to feel better than someone, like all the stories about beemers parked in front of hydrants. 




 Yup, frankly the Germans got off pretty light. 




 lol....if it makes you feel better 




 Yes, the allies should have accepted millions of more casualties to prevent civilian casualties among a population that largely supported the war's initial aggressors. Sorry no. 




 So force people to pay to work, those patients will get great care!  




 Oh believe me, I know all about that. For example: mom with 4 kids in ER "this one has a fever, this one has a sore tooth, this one has a rash, this one won't listen to me." The worst thing is that this is in Massachusetts so she DOES have a PCP paid for by the state. 

The truth is you really can't turn away anyone at the ER (especially kids) and if someone is poor and has shit credit there isn't really any way to prevent this. Unless there is a mechanism to deny people care, or actually punish them for wasting medical resources this wont change. 

Recently I saw a 16 yo girl who was complaining about sharp LRQ pain. She has no fever or other symptoms, she seems to be faking everything but insists she is in terrible pain and thinks she is going to die. The resident orders an ultrasound just to be sure. Later the girls mom leaves the room and the girl tells the resident "I faked this whole thing because I didn't want to go to school." Too bad. Resident can't tell the mom because of confidentiality concerns and the team decides to go through with the ultrasound. They do this because if she lying now and just wants to go home (has been waiting several hours, already missed school) and something really is wrong, they all get sued.  




 I'm always terrified I will laugh while giving a prostate or genital exam. It's one thing for the patient to laugh, the physician can gently reassure them that the exam provokes reactions like this in many patients and there is no reason to be embarrassed. If the doctor starts laughing at the patient....how can they really salvage that?  




 We could raise taxes, cut spending, or decide that there isn't a public "right" to healthcare. 




 if they want more access for medicaid patients....them's the breaks.
 




 Speaking as a male former Marine....if someone doesn't feel that they are "man enough" or "woman enough" or "tough enough," whichever qualifier need apply....I wouldn't want to serve with them. I certainly wouldn't want things to be changed to make them more comfortable.

When we reached our victor unit, we probably lost 20% of our original strength over the course of six months due to "psych issues," guys running away, guys hurting themselves on purpose, guys purposely getting caught with drugs, etc. These were the guys that didn't want to be there. By the time we went into harms way we were stronger having lost them. 




 HA....you should really be complaining about capital gains tax rates 




 This seems like things we have mostly heard before.  




 They just need to get people to stop giving them money. The homeless have every right to be there but they do frequently cause disruptions, harass people, and are generally bad for business (how many women do you know that specifically avoid Central Square because of this?) If you want to help the homeless make a donation to a shelter, don't give it to someone on the street and encourage this shit.  




 My point is that these laws just encourage more inane behavior. I'd rather some guy sit quietly against a wall than obstruct traffic or make me think I'm being carjacked. 




 Doesn't seem to be doing much good. They walk into active traffic and knock on your window in Worcester. 




 Raise medicaid reimbursement rates and watch this change.  




 He thinks he did something wrong or that there is something wrong with him. He wants to know what it is so he won't make the same mistake again. You don't owe him anything but you specify that there are "several reasons" why you don't want a relationship with him. It will put his mind at ease and perhaps help him in the future if you let him know. Make it clear that you have no romantic interest in him going on. 




 and Norway! Fuckin stuck-up jerks of the Nordic states 




 from massachusetts....dont believe it 




 Its like all the countries I like are green and all the ones I don't like are red! 




 4 years in the military 




 Or maybe they are trying to set expectations. Make it seem like it's gonna be terrible so when the facts come out and they really aren't much more than waterboarding everyone will just go "oh, meh, that ain't so bad." 




 story of my life :( 




 Wouldn't it be terrible if private businesses could freely choose with whom to do business?  




 They just need to import some American rednecks. The redneck will also be costly to your social service agencies but they will keep the radical islam in check and add to diversity. 




 Drones would probably be pretty useful for targeting their GRADs 




 I agree. I'm much closer with guys I went to high-school and college with than anyone I went to Iraq or Afghanistan with. Other than occasional facebook stuff I'm not in touch with any of them and have no desire to be. These are guys I lived in a tent with for 7 months, guys who I watched friends die with, guys I saw heard crying. Despite these deep shared experiences...I find I don't have much in common with them. I have more kinship with dudes I took calc 2 with than dudes I got in gunfights with.  




 it this like a sensitive topic for you? 




 Street cops. Not political animals like the chiefs of large departments, and the street cops will do whatever their boss tells them. 




 I would guess the nasty guard has a lot more experience with MRAPs than many of the police officers. 




 yet I don't get how everyone is going on vacations 1-2x/year

mom and dad 




 There's nothing really wrong with it. Would you have a problem if she was married to a woman? 




 Family is smarter than half of reddit, 2/3 of the media, and 90% of the protesters. 




 Give up, ure arguing with stupid, stupid people. 




 then please don't ever vote. 




 OH my mistake....its all about instagram followers. Whats it like to pretend to be part of something? 




 LOL. People that don't know about it? Do you think people that didn't know about it by this point are going to be great warriors in your social justice army? 

 




 *Taxpayers 




 How about leave the T AND streets open.  




 I don't know what this means...but I like it. 




 Funny....I bet most of these people think there should be a mandatory free speech exclusion zone around abortion clinics. 




 That was on Tuesday night. You know...the one where everyone stays up late because they are going home on Wednesday and maybe have an early morning class that doesn't matter. Perfect time for some pretend activism. 




 No shit! This has always been one of those tiny, trivial annoyances that made me hate mass. 




 Thank you, I could not have said it better.  




 The whole system of permanently removing some of an individuals rights due to a past conviction is wrong and should end. That said, being that the current system is in place and Wahlberg committed multiple, violent, unprovoked assaults. FUCK HIM. 




 Why the hell wouldn't they be from Boston

I was expressing evidence that in fact many of them are not from Boston. 




 notice how everything calmed down over Thanksgiving break....? 




 If you want to inconvenience someone, inconvenience the people that can change things and the people responsible for the problem. Surround the state house and Boston Police HQ. Block access with interlaced arms. Refuse to leave until the state establishes an independent commission to investigate police brutality. Don't engage in activities that specifically inconvenience the people you are trying to win to your side. The cops at the protest are not inconvenienced. They are all making AT VERY MINIMUM several hundred dollars to stand around shooting the shit with their buddies and looking at college girls. They would love if there were protests like this every day.

The "this is about systemic racism" is such a fucking bullshit copout. Racism is real and bad. No shit. I graduated elementary school too. What is your solution? Do you have a specific list of demands or legislative proposals? How do we fix the problem? Right now it is like having a protest against cancer. Yea, I get it, it's a problem, but until there is a message beyond "racism bad" it's like a toddler throwing a tantrum. Entirely counterproductive. If you want to change things you need a specific plan. You can't just whine until someone fixes it like with mom and dad. 




 Protesting is not necessarily about swaying public opinion or garnering sympathy

Then what is it about? Annoying people? Expressing anger? If it is the second there are much more productive ways to blow off steam without inconveniencing the public and wasting public funds.

Maybe its just about a bunch of college kids that wanna selfie protesting outside their dorm on thursday night. 




 What a great way to get support for your cause!  




 It looked like they were all parents there with their kids.  




 The funny thing was on WCVB the people complaining about the disruption of the performance were black and the people endorsing it were white. 




 If they want to block things why don't they surround the statehouse or police HQ and block people from entering or leaving, form an arm chain. Blocking traffic just pisses people off. My friend just called stuck in traffic for an hour for the second time in two weeks. 




 They should do a better job at articulating that because all I hear is MIKE BROWN!!! RACISM BAD!!! They might even win some supporters. EDIT- I'm completely serious. I agree with all your points. However, blocking traffic and screaming "Hands Up Don't Shoot" and "Fuck you racist ass Police" communicates none of them and just turns politically neutral people against you. 




 You don't fire a lethal weapon at a van full of children to stop a fleeing suspect. 









 I feel like you're agreeing with me.... 




 As with mike brown and the choke-hold guy in New York. Resisting arrest and being an ass aren't good enough reasons to shoot someone. I used these videos because they very clearly capture exactly what happened (not the case in the first two mentioned cases). They both clearly show officers opening fire in situations when they and others are not in immediate lethal danger. Situations when non lethal options are clearly available. 




 There were at least 4 cops, in body armor, with multiple rifles, a dog, and non lethal options. The man was retreating. If they can't handle the situation without opening fire they should be fired for incompetence and cowardice.

Source: Infantry Combat vet that has dealt with many, much more dangerous situations. 




 NSFW: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tpAZObNZfI t=0m51s http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBL6AEkvLbk t=11m30s 
This is not a purely black-male problem. It is a police problem. While certainly racism exists in our society and certainly black males are more likely to receive this kind of treatment, framing our national problem with use of force by police as a purely racial issue is a mistake.  









 How about one banning all public sector unions in the state?  




 It's great when all kinds of different people can work together in crisis and get something done....even hipsters. 




 It depends on the country. That shit will work in the EU, the US, Japan, Korea, Australia, NZ, etc. But that shit won't work in China, Syria, or North Korea. 




 we should start taxing their tea! 




 No fucking shit, it's laughable. "Naw, man, real life is unfair and hard." Yea, that wasn't the point.  




 Well if they are in Status Epilepticus you should intubate them, probably best left to a paramedic or doctor 




 Such a silly argument. What difference does it make if one "race" is slightly more or less intelligent when measured over large populations. Will the people that don't like said race now be allowed to discriminate against them legally? NO. Will said race get some kind of entitlement because they are in some way mentally disabled? NO. Will it still be in everyone's best interest to judge individuals by their individual merit? YES. 




 Wonder what they're using for footwear 




 I FOUND A SPY!!!! 




 that's cute 




 Looks like the anti-vaccers have found a new ally! 




 They already had his DNA. They wanted a confirmation from a familial party in the compound as confirmation before the raid. 




 All the people blocking the road take honking as a sign of support.......yea I'm sure. The people who disagree probably aren't going to make it known when they are surrounded by a bunch of protestors for fear of damage to their car or their body. 




 Yup veterans and rioters....same thing. Does your case-worker know ure online? 




 These are the same people that believe cops are racist, thug, enforcers for the corporatist 1%'ers....and the only people that should have guns. 




 What is the obsession with obstructing traffic? Sounds like a great way to make people that don't really have an opinion hate you. 




 you ever been? 




 I wonder how many women and kids were there? Oh wait, its ISIS and they're like super mean so all the normal whining and handwringing goes out the window.
EDIT: lol at all the people who missed my point completely or think ISR can reliably determine if non-combatants are present. You learn a thing or two when, you know, you actually fight in middle east. 




 Maidan and Tahrir laugh at your puny rioting Ferguson 




 They stole land from people that stole land from other people and now everyone involved is dead.  




 yea totally forgot...that is like the most hidden grocery store ever 




 James Mattis 




 It's called a war. They are unpleasant.  




 So long as they keep their caveman activity to the mountains of pakistan it sounds fine. Unfortunately they haven't. 




 absolutely correct 




 This is too true 




 To be fair that housing development is a complete waste of resources in Kendall Square, it's all low rises. They should sell it to developers for hundreds of millions of dollars and then use the money to build better, high-rise developments elsewhere in Cambridge. 




 to be fair there is a 7/11 




  I'll tell ya another thing: their beer sucks! 




 Why do you care, it's his life 




 Pouring bottled water on my corpsman's hands to wash away the blood from our buddy who had just been KIA. 




 TOTAL BULLSHIT STORY...."when the letters stopped coming we knew he was gone"

FUCKING BULLSHIT....if he had ever been there he would know it takes like 2-3 weeks for letters to get home and casualty notifications are done within 24 hours like 99.99% of the time. 




 3 year old boy with his dick burned off, it looked like a little piece of charcoal. 




 fucking disgraceful, especially considering our NCO corps is one of the primary reasons our military is so much better than those built on the Warsaw Pact model. 




 Just send them to boot camp and put them in "Pork-Chop Platoon." That means half rations and double PT and no advancement until you lose the weight. I still remember the look on those fat dudes faces as we drove past them running through the night....shudder. 




 This is hilarious 
























 Days.  




 Well no one even knows for sure that happened in the Mike Brown situation, but it is fairly possible it was justified and at least we know Mike Brown had just committed a violent crime. Also, the officer in question is no longer a cop. In this case a cop admits to improperly handling a firearm and shooting a completely innocent man, and he is still a cop working in mass. 




 There's simply nothing the US Military likes more than fighting conventional. 




 Everyone is rallying for Mike Brown when we have a way worse story in our own back yard http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/14/raid-of-the-day-eurie-sta_n_3273127.html 




 Say hi to ISIS for me 




 maybe to you, wierdo 




 You actually can get limited nutrients rectally. From what I've read it seems like the rectal feedings may have initially been inspired by hunger strikes but were also used to demoralize the prisoners. 




 Yea deployment can suck because it isn't uncommon to literally work 12-16 hours a day for months on end with no days off. At least you get combat pay and are tax exempt. 




 Supposedly the rectal feedings conducted by the CIA torture program included hummus. 




 Still butthurt about the hummus Abdul? 




 I'll take the "ok with moderately abusing terrorists" vs "ok with murdering people for the wrong religion" stereotype any day. 




 Yea, I don't think we should be torturing anyone (even terrorists). However, when people say things like "All americans have blood on their hands" or "Now america has no credibility" and in the same breath say we shouldn't be judging muslims based on the actions of a few...I have to laugh. 




 See the thing is....purposely killing thousands of civilians vs mistreating several dozen terrorists is about ten orders of magnitude separate on the evil scale. Millions upon millions of muslims support terrorism against civilians in the name of islam. Our culture, while not perfect, is objectively superior. http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/07/01/concerns-about-islamic-extremism-on-the-rise-in-middle-east/pg-2014-07-01-islamic-extremism-10/ 




 No you are right. What I'm saying is western culture is objectively superior to middle-eastern/west-asian muslim culture. 




 Where'd you get that number? The senate report said the CIA held 119 detainees. 




 lol 




 Thats fine, I stigmatize middle-eastern and west-asian muslims all day long. 




 Thats nice, however I left the military long ago and the only one here with a mental illness is you. :) 




 LOL. Don't worry, if you kick the drugs one day you might get a real job with real responsibility and have to make tough choices.  




 No, it sounds more like they were just watching it happen. You generally aren't supposed to interfere with the actions of the local security forces because technically you are just there to "assist" them. Government forces would frequently just execute taliban after we turned them over to their custody. Their country, their rules. Colonialism isn't cool anymore. 




 That was allegedly by Iraqi guards. This is common in their culture. In Afghanistan I saw plenty of pedos up to no good. 




 Hey, the torture program was wrong. I'm not defending it. But how many people did we torture over a decade or so? A couple dozen? This moment, literally as I type this, Islamic Extremists are torturing more people than that. Not water boarding. Not sleep deprivation. Not rectal feeding. Not slapping and kicking. No, rather power tools and cut your dick off kind of torture. 




 You're saying we couldn't do it because we'd be hypocrites? Fuck, people do that shit all the time. We tell Iran they can't have nukes....we INVENTED nukes and we're the only people who have ever used them. 




 Why isn't ISIS a government? Because they don't hold elections? Because they acquire territory through application of force? How is it that the USA come to be? They are the sole source of authority in an area larger than many countries. They administer the areas the control. They may be an autocratic state but they are certainly a state. Literally hundreds of millions of muslims support the actions of ISIL/Al Nusra/Hamas/Al Quada/Taliban etc. You can judge the group that allows such things to happen or you can judge just those individuals personally responsible but you don't get to pick and choose when to do so. I don't support torture, by anyone, however the evils committed in recent years in the name of Islam and in the name of American foreign policy aren't even in the same galaxy.  




 Yea. And we would. Whatabousism isn't a valid defense when you are in the custody of your former enemies. Ask the Germans at Nuremberg. 




 just a small point, your first source has norway and switzerland listed as higher 




 If there were physicians overseeing interrogations and they are identified I wouldn't be at all surprised if they lose their license. 




 Hey, don't stigmatize a whole religion for the actions of a few hundred thousand people. Thats reserved for the USA because a few douchebags shoved hummus up a guys ass. 




 Yea...I bet they'll destroy their economies over some rectal feeding 




 oh the homoeroticism is strong in macho cultures
http://terminallance.com/2010/04/30/terminal-lance-34-its-already-gay/
http://terminallance.com/2012/09/04/terminal-lance-223-what-happens-in-the-field-stays-in-the-field/ 




 If we go to war with China I fully expect American service members to be tortured (as they were during the Korean War). I'm not defending torture, just objecting to the notion that following the rules of war in someway protect our people from torture.  




 I really, really, doubt it. I dunno about you but my experience with this has been in the infantry which is a very macho culture. 




 rape or beheading...I'll take the rape please...but seriously captured Americans will likely get both. 




 Do you really think anyone in the American Military that is captured by an Islamic extremist organization is going to be treated as a POW? 




 Totally true. Seen this happen to a kid that was faking heat stroke. 




 Do they have medical licenses? Did they take the Hippocratic oath? They are not medical doctors. 









 why, you wanna hire them to violate you? 




 It is common knowledge in America.  




 The jacked guy in the foreground is Tom Miller, Switzer's boyfriend who proceeded to deck Semple. 




 c'mon guys, coalition forces are the bad guys, right? right? 




 Lol "in a trailerpark"  




 It is possible that more than one media organization should be driven by profit motives to sensationalize the news. 




 I love how you got downvoted for pointing out the obvious holes in the assumption that this had to be a lynching. People want this to be a lynching so its gonna be a lynching, facts notwithstanding. 




 They also love Subaru wagons. I remember a terp asking me about cars in america. He was like, "If you want to buy 10 year old carolla, how much would it be? I said "I'm not sure, maybe around four thousand dollars." He was very sad and was like, "Oh, I could never pay for this." I then explained that this might be about 1/10th of a yearly salary for a middle class person and he cheered up. 




 Not really, plenty of white americans have been lynched. It just means an extrajudicial killing, typically by hanging. 




 http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2014/oct/09/-sp-north-carolina-teenager-suspicious-death-lennon-lacy

This is a picture of the crossbar.....it seems pretty easy to imagine how he could have got up on the beam. 




 They are false flag initiated by cops to increase their own salaries. ALWAYS  FOLLOW THE MONEY!!!!!!  --- What the protesters would say about any other topic. 




 "Protest against police pays for christmas shopping by police officers" 




 Just send Paulie and Furio over 




 Hey! I was there sept 2010 to march 2011. When I was there the area around Himmel was very quiet regarding small arms fire (only one incident) but there were still constant IED strikes in the western wadi where trucks had to cross from FOB Eddy.  Rasheed Gardens had a reputation based on what it was like when you were there, but we went through many times and never had a problem (even spent a few nights in their on ambush). The Taliban mostly stuck to the North, South, and East of the DC. If you went more then about 1-2KM in any of those directions you would get shot at. Within that perimeter there were still IED strikes, but like you said, they left coalition alone. They did hit patrols of ANA and ANP pretty close in a few times. We always thought it was kind of funny.....like we'd walk down a road 500 times and never have a problem...then you send some ANA down and all hell breaks loose. We heard you guys used to have a 105mm howitzer up on Roshan Tower for direct fire. There were still lots of holes in compounds along the eastern side of the eastern wadi as a reminder of this. 




 If the HBS guy hits a protester obstructing traffic on a bicycle with his BMW and then parks in front of a hydrant this city will burn.  




 Well I've seen it happen. Most ieds in afghanistan are HME consisting of powdered metals and fertilizer (not to go into too much detail) which is bullet sensitive. People in the USA market a similar produce for recreational target shooting. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUyQqJi1_DY 




 Points are goals+assists 




 If a bunch of anti-abortion protesters sat down in the middle of the road and blocked your bike race, would you be more or less likely to support their cause? 




 The idea that America destroyed Afghanistan's infrastructure in 2001 is literally the stupidest thing I have ever heard on reddit. 




 Depends on the type. Many IEDs will trigger via a gunshot. Sometimes they are rigged up in trees to rain shrapnel down. These are known as directional fragmentation charge IEDs. 




 Sometimes they do. We were watching some dude dig a hole outside our cop. Suddenly there is an explosion and a guy missing both hands shows up at our place looking for medical attention.....oops 




 No. They are using the term "land mine" loosely. Most of these are IEDs laid in my Taliban. There ARE tons of landmines left over from the Russian war but they are generally in unpopulated areas that people have largely abandoned or surface laid because there were air/artillery dropped. The real danger is the ieds laid in populated areas to target the coalition. 




 Because if you lay in mines you don't want anyone removing them. 




 That's offensive to real stupid people and their families. End the S word. 




 Cried like a bitch at the gun range over a girl....how much more unfit can you get? 




 US Marine here. Between 2010 and 2011 my battalion was conducting counter insurgency operations in and around Musa Qala in Helmand Province. I stayed at OP Himmel for a few weeks and it has always stuck in my mind because it was a really pretty position built in the "motte-and-bailey" tradition and it very neatly commanded a narrow pass between two wadis. At the time it was pretty quiet other then some IEDs but we were told it was wild back when it was a british position. Anyone pass some time there? 




 A very significant part of training these days is focused on winning hearts and minds and minimizing force even when under hostile fire. Wouldn't it be nice if cops had been shot at a bunch before by real bad guys with PKMs and RPGs so they don't panic and open up at the slightest provocation? 




 Well if they keep the cops happy with a legal bribe maybe the cops will be less likely to ticket them for violating hackney carriage laws.  




 Yea, or maybe it was the 3000 people Bin Laden killed and the Taliban refusing to hand him over. On second thought, no, a 12 year old article that quotes other news sources and an israeli peace activist probably holds the truth. How could we all be so blind?   




 That is how it is done in many other nations (with regard to federal training). I would suggest moving the officers whenever promoted to avoid familiarity. I don't think forcing cops to get a BS in math or science is doing anything other than contributing to our student debt crisis and degree value deflation. 




 Between 18,000-20,000 since 2001. Between 75%-80% killed by the Taliban according to Brown university and the UN. That would leave the coalition responsible for a max of 5000 civilian deaths over 13 years. The level of evidence is probably pretty similar to what you see in many american swat raids. 




 Didn't see one oil well in Afghanistan. 




 Yea, who wouldn't want a fairly well paying union job with good benefits vs Walmart.... 




 Don't you love it when civilians tell you how you are trained? 




 In the last decade or so soldiers have done A LOT of "protecting and serving" 




 The police is hardly a combative lifestyle. It's 99.9 percent giving tickets, driving around, and directing traffic. Most cops never fire their gun. Most combat vets realize this and the reason some become cops is because they know it is an easy job they are qualified for that pays fairly well. I'd be most worried about non vets that join the police and "want to go swat" from the beginning. 




 PAID OFF 




 Well that sounds better than "MW paid me 2 million dollars to say this." 




 I also think ex-soldiers, that where in combat, shouldn't be police officers.

Why? They probably have a better idea of what a reasonable use of force is than someone who signed up to carry a gun but was too afraid to go overseas. You might be surprised to know that the level of force to effect arrests in Afghanistan in the last 5 years is probably less than a swat raid in the USA. 




 I think they just shoot you 




 Their facebook is mostly fat old white dudes playing golf. https://www.facebook.com/pages/NEMLEC-Police-Foundation-Inc/337163706326925 




 Were the machine guns made before 1986? NO. Are suppressors, "assault weapons" or "high-capacity magazines" made post 1994 legal in MA? NO. Did they pay for a $200.00 tax stamp for the SBSs, SBRs, and flashbangs? NO. 




 How about 5 years in federal prison for every one of those illegal machine-guns, suppressors, short-barreled rifles, short-barreled shotguns, and flashbangs? Then 5 years in state prison for each one of those "assault-weapons and "high-capacity magazines." 




 Right over your head. 




 It's "let's pretend it's 2007 again" week for the democrats. 




 Don't forget, BAH for the GI bill is getting CUT 1%. 




 Hipster Fight! 




 I nominate you. See you on the beach. 




 Follow the advice of the other posters regarding meeting with your career councilor, getting your resume set, and applying NOW. As I said before, the UMass system in worcester may be an option for employment, and the cost of living is cheap (my friend pays 650 for a 1 bedroom). Alternatively living in JP with some roommates could cost about the same, give you easy T access (no car needed) to A LOT of jobs, and be a real way to get out of the rut it sort of sounds like you are in. I suppose the place probably wouldn't be as nice as your house, but living in a crappy apartment with roommates is kind of THE way a lot of people have the most fun in their youth. You'll meet a bunch of new people and maybe find some direction. 




 I suppose everyone would have been better off if we just let the USSR do what they wanted. 




 At this point I would say so. 




 Thanks, it is a critical skill for functional people people.  




 Don't you know...the USA is responsible for everything bad that ever happened. In fact, did you know that violence and racism were invented by republicans in 1945? Fuck, we live in the most peaceful time in history...which is pretty much exactly concurrent with the level of American dominance on the world stage.  




 Most of the world can't handle democracy. 




 I lot of teenagers think the USSR and the Cold War were just something made up by mean old republicans to abuse brown people. 




 Do you feel guilty? Funny...I don't. 




 Do you have the check from the bank/can you access it online? 




 Did he deposit the check? If he didn't, cancel payment, if he did you should be able to find out who he is. This is fraud, report it to the police. 




 It means fuuuuckkk you (spits tobacco).... 'Murica 




 NO, you get their natural resources, plus you still need arms to defend against incursions from surrounding areas.  




 Yea, or you could just limit it to men over 14. 




 If we had just executed all detainees in Iraq there wouldn't be ISIS either...Seriously, why give this guy a mouthpiece? True or not, everything he says publicly is specifically designed to hurt the west and boost his cause. 




 Watch your cornhole bud (I mean seriously they will force corn up your ass) 




 Harvard member as well. Too busy to do much shooting these days. 




 Have you looked into getting a full time job? Based on your posting history you live near Boston which has a pretty good job market. The cost of living is high but if you have roommates it wouldn't be too bad. You could enjoy "the prime of your life," build a resume, pay down your loans, and decide if going back to school is right for you. EDIT. Worcester may be a good option as well, with lower rent. The Umass Medical system has a lot of jobs that may fit your degree. 




 "condemn" the action, begin an independent investigation, ask to send UN representatives to US detention facilities, anything that could at least spark a reasoned debate....not proclaim things you have no ability to enforce and will never happen. 




 LETS DO THIS-LEEEEERROOY JENKINS!!! *flexes and shoots gun in the air 
























 Small correction, that first picture is Beacon Hill, not South Boston.  




 This is how doctors are trained. Just goes to show you can't make everyone happy. 




 sounds like he had you pegged 




 Psshhh, they were doing that in russia and china a long time ago. 




 from boston, can confirm 




 Good and bad is basically irrelevant. It's "mine" and "yours." 














 My parents (near retirement age) have far more than this saved. They both drive cars that are more than 10 years old and hardly ever go out to eat. My dad uses a prepaid cellphone from 7-11. My mom spends most of her time at work running a cash register. For them a 50 dollar dinner would be an extravagance. They may be "rich" in a global sense but it certainly doesn't look like it in their daily lives. 




 I support fully 




 I'll quote myself from another thread on this:
Doctors just can't win with opioids. 20 Years ago they were taking all kinds of flack for under-prescribing pain killers and not properly assessing pain. Now everyone accuses them of using too many opioids. Ten years ago they were getting flack for under-assessing pain in women and under-prescribing them opioids. Now they prescribe too many. How about let doctors treat the patient's pain to the patient's satisfaction and if that patient can't handle their meds responsibly it's their own fucking fault. All the opioid addiction hysteria is moronic. 




 It sounds like he was just walking around with a white coat and not actually meeting with patients. People were just assuming he was a doctor. He was also african american and I wonder if some people weren't suspicious but didn't want to be the guy who accused the black guy of not being a doctor if he did in fact turn out to be one. 




 It sort of seems like if you're a janitor and don't want an immigrant taking your job you are a xenophobic racist.....but if you're a software engineer and don't want an immigrant taking your job you're just protecting the American workforce. 




 The most disturbing thing on there is that younger people have a more favorable view of the NSA than older people. WTF. 




 I've been shooting guns since I was about five. It all depends on if there is proper supervision and an appropriate firearm. In this case there was neither and criminal negligence (IMO) occurred. 

This is the type of firearm in question https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SZ7cwzILBU

There is no way an 8 year old can be expected to control such a thing. I wouldn't trust an adult without a decent amount of training. 




 Doctors just can't win with opioids. 20 Years ago they were taking all kinds of flack for under-prescribing pain killers and not properly assessing pain. Now everyone accuses them of using too many opioids. Ten years ago they were getting flack for under-assessing pain in women and under-prescribing them opioids. Now they prescribe too many. How about let doctors treat the patient's pain to the patient's satisfaction and if that patient can't handle their meds responsibly it's their own fucking fault. All the opioid addiction hysteria is moronic. 




 That is largely bullshit. Yes the MCAS scholarship provides for free tuition, but at UMass Amherst for a resident the yearly tuition is $1714 while the fees (not covered by the scholarship) are $11544. 




 you have no reason to believe this man was sane 




 It's fucking bullshit. I went on a no-pants T ride and now I have to register with the state. 




 I'm all about free speech but when people like you say stupid stuff they should be sent to prison. 




 listen to yourself 




 Im not anti-gun by any means, but I am against handguns because 




 As long as we're speculating, maybe if the doctor had been allowed to have a firearm at work he could have defended himself (BWH bans firearms). Or maybe the scumbag had the drop on him and it wouldn't have mattered if he used a gun, knife, golf club, etc.  




 Yea, probably region dependent. Around here we have "electric vehicle parking" (no plug). It's to make it clear that they are "GREEN" and not a baby-shooting rethuglican. 




 The shooter also left a wife and bunch of kids to clean up his mess. What a piece of shit. 




 some would say by joining the military you are "earning it for yourself" 




 meh, it's the internet who gives a fuck. It's funny how no one ever says shit like this in person. 




 Why the fuck are there "veterans-only" spots? That's just some stupid shit. 
-a veteran 




 Is it too late to speculate wildly?

1) person whose spouse/child had bad outcome
2) jilted lover 




 I think Japan's full fury would be some very limited F-15 strikes because they would have to fly halfway across the world and do a bunch of aerial refueling. They have very limited offensive capability.  




 exactly, rich people LOVE paying for poor peoples kids 




 So can we catch them in nets, lock them up, and force them to take medication? 




 sounds like you do 




 This is kind of located out in the boonies of Worcester, I wish they could get more stuff like this going on down town or in the canal district. There are a lot of empty buildings/underutilized buildings. 




 Also Marine (just a grunt, not sniper)...yea the hollywood shit killed it for me. The best was when he decides to "go clear houses with Marines" and proceeds to start teaching them stuff during a gunfight. Like....thanks for abandoning your post, now we have no overwatch in exchange for a doosh who is using different SOPs than rest of the squad. Awesome.  




 Typical Massachusetts :/ 




 So the sum result of this stunt may be to increase the police powers of the state and make future, perhaps more reasonable, targeted protests increasingly costly. What a win. 




 I sit down to poop 




 I don't really know, the article seemed to imply that women without good access to bathing facilities where at higher risk for GU infections during their menses. Baby wipes are good for the bits, though I imagine cleaning man bits is easier. 




 Your "buddies opinion," what a cop-out you coward.  




 Thats the funny thing

Middle class white guy on his way to work in finance: "Hey boss, some retards blocked the pike so I'm gonna be late" Boss: "No problem Jim."

Poor hispanic guy on his way to construction site: "Hey boss, I'm stuck in traffic because of a protest" Boss: "Not my problem dipshit, I'm docking your pay for the morning and if this happens again you're done!" 




 Man for a someone so concerned about the downtrodden you certainly have a proclivity for snobby, generalizing statements about people you don't know. 




 Rambo 4 was way better. 




 No shit......that was the worst part of the movie. It would have been better if they had reduced the number of guys he was facing by a factor of 10. 




 Uh, not really much to share. Didn't have any kind of running water or tubs so we used baby wipes and bottled water. It sucked cause it was the winter most of the time. Striping down and scrubbing with bottled water in 30 degrees isn't fun. We smelled bad, but you got used to it after a while.  




 He makes stupid people feel smart. It's his schtick. He has exactly 5 first author publications in research journals. He is more of an entertainer than a scientist.  




 The great thing about America is that you don't have to go to the doctor if you don't want to. 




 Or Bill Clinton for that matter 




 One of the less acknowledged limitations to woman serving in combat roles. In Afghanistan I literally went 6 months without a shower. 




 The author isn't even that attractive, middle of the road for OKC in a big city at best (we have a mutual friend). FWIW my much more attractive girlfriend took the initiative and messaged me. I don't think any sane guy sees it as a sign of desperation. From my perspective the best dates I went on were always with girls that were actually enthusiastic about dating. They didn't want to chat back and forth for days. I'd just send my first message asking them out and they would say yes. The wishy washy ones always ended up sucking. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgwkuVWITFo#t=164

This is what explosive breaching was invented for 




 Updating.........Updating......... 




 I think that photo may just be a joke because of the ineffective gags. 




 aww, white didn't get a capital letter :( 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYX7KVEtfLo

I really like this one for the Ukranian military 




 I am very sorry for your loss. Has it been officially ruled a suicide? There could be important life insurance implications if it is suicide vs an accident. 




 I'd say Europeans spend a whole lot more time criticizing the USA about its healthcare laws and gun laws than American spend criticizing Europeans laws. Most Americans don't know or give a shit. 




 God bless America 




 Comparing it in absolute terms is stupid because salaries vary between states. 




 What the fuck does that have to do with Canada in WW2?

 




 It's a war. Shit happens. 









 Don't respond to anyone in DTX 




 Poor bastard is a murder.....thats all ANYONE knows about him now....so fuck him 




 "One to screw in the bulb, one to hold the camera, and 19 to scream 'Allahu Akbar!!!'" 




 Nothing meaningful will happen. Thanks public sector unions!! 




 I assure you that members of the REAL military (ie. Infantry, Armor, Arty, Engineers, etc.) are for the most part embarrassed by such bullshit. They're also being paid at about 1/10 the rate of the BPD. 




 oddly hush hush 




 When these two are in agreement it is pretty clear the police have fucked the pooch. 




 That's different, they're trying to show off their achievemnt 




 afgans sit to piss 




 Good shoot. Hopefully Jawaad's buddies get charged with felony murder. 




 So you're blaming it on black people? 




 Absolutely. When you create conditions in which a leader fears to leave office to an opposing party due to possible prosecution you set yourself up for a bad situation. 
Source: Most of Asia, Africa, South America, Eastern Europe 




 it's a very white state 




 No. Military is for stupid people. Smart people bitch about their college loans and shitty jobs on reddit... 




 So they should be good outside of 1000 meters, right? 




 I wish a bunch of asian americans could get together and make sitcom about an asian american family on a HBO or something. It would hilarious. 




 If they want more attention could I suggest setting stuff on fire? 




 The funny part is that the residents are probably the ones that preformed the surgery. Running to an attorney is definitely a good first step. American healthcare in a nutshell ladies and gents. 




 Why would you lie to your doctor about your medical history? If you don't think you can speak frankly with your physician, find another one. 




 of course if no one allowed residents in, we wouldn't have doctors anymore :( 




 I wonder what she signed. 




 Yup, that was definitely the blown to shit place in the green zone. We were told never to go inside because supposedly it had a bunch of UXO. I took this pic nearby http://imgur.com/z0UGqSP I also had some jerk toss a frag at me in that neighborhood.  




 Where was PB Woqab in relation to the DC? We didn't have a position named Woqab when I was there. Our positions consisted of OP Himmel, OP Lakeside (across the west wadi from Himmel), the DC, PB Habib (north of DC in the city), Roshan Tower, PB Kunjak (East of DC in the middle of a wadi), and PB Griffin and OP Panda Ridge (both north of PB Habib and I think built after the Brits left.) There was also "Post 6" which was a huge hesco fort built out east of the DC and run by the ANA, and an abandoned compound near a bridge in the green zone that had been blown all to hell (the locals said the british used it for a base). 




 This is bullshit. We've bled enough for Iraq. This time the mission should be colonization. If America has to go in there again we get the land and the oil. There's our way, and there's Saddam's way at this point. 




 They would run shit 




 Like with axes? 




 It worked during WW2 




 An argument against cultural relativism if I ever saw one. 




 And thousands of hipster voices cried out from the abyss... 




 If he's gonna get all huffy about definitions he is wrong. It was a "flashbang" or stun grenade. A concussion grenade is a military weapon designed to produce lethal effects without fragmentation. 




 http://cryptome.org/info/ak01/pict29.jpg

American B52s pound Taliban positions in the early stages of Operation Enduring Freedom 




 http://carryingthegun.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/iraq-shock-and-awe.jpg

Shock and Awe 2003 




 http://i.imgur.com/26rIP2A.jpg

Marines cross the Diyala Bridge during the invasion of Iraq. Some pretty incredible pictures of the battle in this album. http://www.garyknightphotography.com/index.php#mi=2 pt=1 pi=10000 s=22 p=1 a=0 at=0 




 Highway of Death, first Gulf War. I'd say this is probably the previous generation. 




 What does it explain?  




 As does south korea 




 Wormtown is opening a big taproom in worcester pretty soon 




 Wow its crazy that telecom is so low. Also, they have Hospital and Healthcare....what does that mean? 




 This is so true. 









 shaddup abdul 




 yea....that's reddit for you 
























 I'll just drive. 




 The state graph was to show that STATEWIDE public transportation usage is only about 300k. The Boston graph shows 1/3 of approx 300k daily commuters use public transport (ie. approx 100K). There are about 3 million commuters in the state. The point being that arguments about Millions or even 500K commuters using the MBTA are completely false. If people want to raise the gas tax to pay for the MBTA instead of raising fares, it is pretty relevant that 80% of state commuters drive and far less than 10% use the T. $2.10 to ride from Braintree to Alewife or Oak Grove plus a bus transfer is a pretty outragious deal. 




 Oh well, there are still zipcar, cabs, Uber, and bikes right? 




 I know right? Too funny. 









 Wow, the legal system moves swiftly in Korea. 




 I bet they give up... 




 Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA)
 Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination.

Bus and subway ridership is estimated based on CharlieCard or CharlieTicket or cash transactions on MBTA fareboxes and fare gates. We then adjust for customers who transfer within downtown subway stations or who show their passes to an inspector, or children and others who do not use the fare equipment.). The adjustment is calculated from statistics from studies and inperson ridership counts. Currently, farebox and fare gate information is not 100% real time. It is not immediately available at the end of the month. However, the MBTAs goal is to develop daily real time counts in the future

 In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts. http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png
http://i.imgur.com/8j3jG0O.png
UNDENIABLE 100% TRUTH: MBTA riders make up a tiny percentage of the state's daily commuters 




  Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination

Bus and subway ridership is estimated based on CharlieCard or CharlieTicket or
cash transactions on MBTA fareboxes and fare gates. We then adjust for
customers who transfer within downtown subway stations or who show their passes to an inspector, or children
and others who do not use the fare equipment.). The adjustment is calculated from statistics from studies and inperson
ridership counts. Currently, farebox and fare gate information is not 100% real time. It is not
immediately available at the end of the month. However, the MBTAs goal is to develop daily real time counts in
the future

I'm directly quoting the MBTA, if they mean each time someone pays a fare it certainly doesn't sound like it. Like I said above, the FEDs say only 300k people commute using public transpo in the whole state.

 




 this is my favorite reddit comment ever 




 Or invest in a fare-by-distance program. 




 1% sales tax increase in Suffolk County dedicated solely to the MBTA, 20% fare hike, MBTA shifted to 401k from pension system. Fare-by-distance program. $5,000 dollar fine for fare jumping. 




 They get paid well. You need to be a resident of the city to have any chance of getting hired. You then will take a test and be ranked by your score (it is very easy). Disabled veterans and veterans will be ranked above you. The list is very long and there are A LOT of disabled vets and vets so if you don't meet those criteria your chances are slim to none. 




 wrong 




 Huh, that's funny, I've done it many times. 




 it's probably counting each ride ie. you get on the green-line, transfer to red, and then take that same way home = 4 "riders" 




 Good on them for actually getting some training and practicing. Just buying a gun for security and not learning to properly employ it is not a wise decision. If you're female and looking to shoot I would try to find reviews of ranges/trainers from female shooters. Some trainers can be kind of patronizing to female shooters and steer them towards ineffective firearms and may focus more on flirting than actually training. 




 They should start crowd funding to test them. Maybe make a website where they post convictions that result from their donations. 




 I don't think standard protocol involves turning over your weapons to a rebel militia. 




 This isn't about facts anymore. It's about feelings.  




 12 million is less than 1% of the MBTAs budget and our state has a 700 million dollar shortfall.  




 they are wrong 
Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA): Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination.
In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts. http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png 




 WRONG Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA): Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination.
In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts. http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png
 




 Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA): Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each
time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination. 

In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts.
http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png 




 In Boston? where the more people commute via cars than mass transit. 80% of commuters in the state drive, 3% use the T. 




 No congestion on the T? Have you ever used the T? More riders means more trains which means more wear and tear. If the 100,000 daily Boston MBTA riders were joined by the 130,000 daily Boston drivers it would destroy the system much more severely than a few storms. The only about 1/3 of MBTA service (excluding debt costs) is covered by fares. There is no reason to assume increased fare receipts would outweigh increased costs associated with more ridership.  




 Egypt, Syria, Libya, Yemen. Remember when everyone was cheering about the Arab Spring? 




 20 cents? Oh gee golly, that would buy you about 500 million. 




 who the fuck is scott baker? 




 It is give and take, but the fact is that the vast majority of people in Massachusetts commute by car, even the majority of people commuting into Boston. Saying "We're gonna raise taxes on 80% of commuters to pay for a service 4% of commuters use" is not the way to get things done. 




 My point was that if you're going to try to sell a revenue program, tying the people who pay for it with the people who benefit is the greatest recipe for success. The repeal may not have won out west, but the index was sold as paying for bridges and highways, not the MBTA.  




 My point was that you cannot say "the T helps drivers by reducing congestion on the roads" without conceding that drivers help the MBTA by reducing congestion on the T. My point about MBTA fares was that raising the gas tax solely to pay for the MBTA would be just as unpalatable for drivers, as raising fares and using the funds to solely pay for roads would be to MBTA riders. Indexing the gas tax would save about a max of 100 mil a year (not all of which would go to the MBTA by the way), whereas my proposal of 1% income tax earmark and 20% fare increase would raise about 300 mil. It would also actually come from the people using the service. Never mind getting the spending on pensions and salary under control. Interestingly, payments for materials, supplies and service rise at 6.3% annually while pensions rise at 8.2% and wages rise at 14.2%. 




 If you think T shutting down for a few days during the worst snowfall in recorded history is going to destroy the state's economy you need to calm down. If you want to tie tolls to the region served, fine by me, but don't think you are going to fix the T's problems with the gas tax price indexing. My point was that tying the revenue to the region that is actually served by the MBTA has a lot more chance of success than selling the idea of a universal tax hike. 




 Only about 1/3 of the MBTA's debt is from the big dig (say 130 mil a year) They take in over 800 million in revenue from the sales tax earmarks they received in exchange for this debt. Interestingly, debt service for the MBTA is falling at about 4.5% a year. Meanwhile materials, supplies and service rise at 6.3%, pensions rise at 8.2%, and wages rise at 14.2% 




 And people driving reduces the burden on the MBTA. Try convincing people in Pittsfield that they should pay more for the MBTA. 20% of ALL STATE SALES-TAX already goes to the the MBTA. Increasing fares and sales tax in Suffolk (and perhaps Norfolk and Middlesex) counties would put the burden on those who most benefit from the MBTA. If the state-highway system begins to fail to meet its obligations, you won't find me arguing about raising tolls, the gas tax, or sales-tax out outlying counties. Would you support raising MBTA fares to pay for highways in western mass? That's a lot what all this gas-index stuff sounds like. Besides, if the legislature wants to raise the gas tax they can do it. 




 Lots of blame being thrown around these days but not a whole lot of solutions. A few basic thoughts: raise sales-tax 1% in Suffolk county with a 100% earmark for the MBTA, raise fares 20%, shift the MBTA to a 401k from a pension. 




 It was not an exaggeration, it was a lie about a first-hand account for personal benefit. A news reporter's number one job is supposed to be truthful reporting of the news. He deliberately reported something that HE KNEW TO BE FALSE. Why are you defending him? 




 Beverly Scott is doing everything she possibly can, Baker said

He wants to reduce the MBTA budget because of the 700 million dollar state budget deficit. He wants to cut 14 million (or less than 1%) of the 1,932 million MBTA budget. 




 Still sore huh?  




 I believe her too, but she doesn't report to Baker.  




 she's trying to save her job 




 wrong here's a picture of a terrorist killed in an airstrike NSWF obviously

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abu_Musab_al-Zarqawi#mediaviewer/File:Zarqawi_dead_us_govt_photo.jpg 




 But all these numbers really tell us is that more people are using marijuana at some point in the days or weeks before they drive. With legalization fully underway in several states, there's nothing surprising about this. 

they don't have an effective measure of "highness" so this study is meaningless. No shit someone who smoked two weeks ago is less dangerous than someone who pounded 10 beers 5 minutes ago. To imply that somehow driving while high is less of an impairment than driving while drunk is irresponsible at best. 




 raise sales-tax 1% in suffolk county with a 100% earmark for the MBTA, raise fares 20%, shift the MBTA to a 401k from a pension 




 You'll never have to wonder if you made a difference for the rest of your life. 




 I think they should just increase MBTA fares 




 I LOL'd 




 maybe?
http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=9a2_1423433645 




 not capitalism, over-regulation 




 Is "cunt" a work no one can say now? 




 As matters now stand, he wrote, we appear to be treating the Jews as the Nazis treated them except that we do not exterminate them.

Hmmm. That appears to be a rather large distinction 




 they've seen what left-wing ideology taken to the extreme gets you 




 You're 100% right 




 I kinda like this guy 




 Damn, that reporter is scared shitless. I don't blame him. 




 In time of war the USA allows the same, after conviction via court-martial 




 Pharrell has aged really well 




 Damn that kid is brave to go in there. 




 It's just an unfortunate truth. It isn't to say that war and rape and the resulting PTSD aren't real (they are and impact TONS of people) but it seems as though the more publicity seeking the "victim" is, the more likely it all turns out to be bullshit. In other words, the "squeaky wheel" is often a liar. Such people do a real disservice to the real victims. 




 Its the new cool thing, men lie about war for attention so they can be part of the PTSD victim class, women lie about college rape for basically the same reason.  




 Honest question, how is medical education financed in the UK? 




 Boston had 40.2 inches in the last 7 days and Worcester had  51.5, anyone know if Worcester broke its 7 day record? 




 As much as as I support all manner of vaccines, I can't help but think that the recent backlash will probably only reenforce the false beliefs that anti-vaxxers already have. The constant "you're stupid," "I hope your kids get sick," "you should be arrested for child abuse," bombardment most likely just hardens people's opinions. Non-judgmental education would probably be much more persuasive....but fuck this is America in the 21st century. What is something worth if you can't call people stupid on facebook. 




 How much should she ask for? 500 dollars? 




 Send them drones. We could have their operators fly them from the USA. Great for targeting artillery, as well as striking GRADs and SAM sites. They're cheap and don't contain tech that is super secret at this point. We'd lose a lot to SAMs but such is life. 




 Make sure to tell the Mayor and your legislative leaders as well

http://www.cityofboston.gov/contact/?id=55
https://malegislature.gov/People/Profile/RAD1
https://malegislature.gov/People/Profile/SCR0 




 look at all those people trying to not interact with anyone 




 Hep C also causes cirrhosis and is very prevalent in the junkie community 




 We should hand out heroin at CVS and ban naloxone. I don't know why taxpayers pay money to save the lives of junkies who we will continue to subsidize until they die of cirrhosis in their 50's. 




 The VAST majority of people the people prescribed opioids legally never become addicted and most addicts did not start with a legal prescription. I have had numerous opioid prescriptions in the past for injuries and surgeries. Never became addicted because I followed doctor's instructions and I'm not a weak bitch (you are correct, some people are  built differently, they're called pussies and they become addicts). I am sincerely glad every time a piece of shit junkie dies because it saves myself and other taxpayers from paying for their bullshit. Its funny, not a single person I have known in my personal life has EVER become an addict, and yet I deal with them professionally every day. If your friends end up junkies it probably reflects on you more than anything else. 




 Neither do I. Don't hang with white-trash townies. 




 Agree 100% 




 Absolutely not. They should assume zero responsibility for this. How about holding the fucking stupid drug addicts responsible for their own actions and not punishing the millions of people with legitimate pain that get relief through opioids every year and have no problem. 




 Batch cut with Fentanyl 




 Does it make you uncomfortable? 




 When I fail I don't make excuses. Perhaps your parents taught you differently. 




 That's not insight, those are meaningless internet credentials from some POG with a sob story and a worthless degree. 




 You sound like you have a lot of experience. Share with me your medical and military insight. 




 Never, I'm not a weak person. Many people are. Women that fuck up something and then blame their period definitely are. 




 Man, this professional athlete was just in that 0.001%? WOW. Now, to be serious here, I agree with you. The majority of women can function just fine on their period. That's a pretty good reason not to blame your failures ON YOUR period. It goes pretty far towards confirming, in the minds of some, negative stereotypes about women. TL:DR if you want to be thought of as an equal don't blame your failure to perform on your menstrual cycle. 




 In real life sometimes desk jockeys have to play soldier too. It would be better to just ban women with a history of PMS altogether.  




 In a test of physical strength that is pretty much universally accepted. Now apparently women are incapable of carrying out their normal duties several days of the month. Good to know.  




 Ure gonna require all women in the military get a shot or implant? I'd be all for that but I can't say I believe most women would. 




 Laws have nothing to do with it. I postulate that while if we removed the consequence for murder, there might be a small increase in homicide but most people would still restrain themselves. If everyone was supposed to self report their taxable income and there were no consequences for lying do you honestly believe there would not be massive fraud? 




 So if she doesn't get her pill she's not going be mission capable? No go. 




 If it was smoking-cessation no one would bat an eye. 




 If it is equal to a medical emergency (testicular torsion) or surgery (vasectomy) and happens every month wouldn't than mean that ovulating women are intrinsically weaker and less fit than men? I wouldn't want to hire/go into combat with/elect someone like that. Besides, this is after the fact. If she had said she wasn't feeling well BEFORE the match and cancelled no one would second guess her. If a man did poorly and then said afterward that he had blue balls or jock itch everyone would laugh at him.  




 Agree 100% 




 This article is framed as a woman, supported by a man, having greater freedom to pursue her passion. This is an issue, however, that isn't really related to gender at all. It is the recognition of the fact that money gives one the freedom to pursue passions that might otherwise fall the wayside. This is something that really needs to be drummed into the heads of kids these days. There is a whole lot of lip service to "Follow your dreams!!" but the reality is that many passions like sports, music, and art rarely turn into a lucrative career. When a middle class kid proclaims that they are going to be a poet, someone shouldn't tell them to pursue it at any cost, but rather encourage them and temper the encouragement with advice to develop a more conventional source of income. If someone wants to be a starving artist, good on them, but it should be made clear from the start that this is what where they are likely to end up if they follow their passion to the exclusion of all others. 




 In Worcester of all places! I think this has to do with overall parking availability. In places where there is always SOMEWHERE you can park so long as you shovel (ie Worcester, Rozzie(?)) space savers may have a place. In areas where parking is ALWAYS severely limited (Southie), it just privatizes a public resources and wastes everyone's time. I wonder if the culture of space savers could date to a time where the parking situation in Southie was more similar to that in Worcester. 




 The same could be said for our system of taxation. That said, I don't believe in space savers....BUT I don't think the only thing that keeps it in place is fear. I won't move a saver after a huge storm because I respect the effort to shovel the space out. If someone just throws it down for a dusting I'll probably move it and park there....though in that case a fear of vandalism does play a role in my decision making.  




 Estimates vary, I was going with a lower estimate of 1 million. Still, it should be noted that the soviets killed about 100000 civilians a year while NATO killed roughly 400 civilians a year with more troops in country (at peak) and achieving a greater degree of success. Something to remember whenever "whataboutism" rears its head. 




 They were/are, I was using the offensive meaning of mongoloid 




 Well during the soviet occupation of Afghanistan roughly 100,000 civilians were killed per year. During the following civil war period roughly 40,000 civilians were killed per year. During the NATO occupation roughly 1,400 civilians were killed per year. Of those, 1/4 were killed by NATO troops. If you were to speculate that without NATO intervention the civil war period would have continued (14X40000)-(14X1400)= you would conclude that over half of a million Afghan civilian lives were saved by NATO intervention. 




 Actually the NATO occupation of Afghanistan has created the most peaceful environment for civilians in Afghanistan in the last 35 years. 




 GI Bill 




 And all this bullshit couldn't stop a couple of mongoloids with a history of extremistism and some fireworks from blowing up the marathon. This shit had nothing to do with public safety and everything to do with control. 




 It would be nice if people just took responsibility to shovel their own shit and not fuck someone over. I spent several hours shoveling out my car in 4-5 ft drifts here in Worcester.  I did NOT leave a space saver. When I came back at the end of the day no one had taken it, but some people had shoveled out new spots for their own cars. Same thing happened again today, no space saver, no one took my spot. I figured pay it forward and shoveled out another space. 




 It only snows in Boston a dozen or so times a year. Africans slaughter each other every day. 




 The funny thing is that in this case the retards that refuse to listen to science are generally a bunch of liberal hippy types.......evolution and climate change on the other hand...bunch of bible nuts. Just shows that most people are morons in their own special way. (not me of course, I'm the exception) 




 I figured out that tweezers fit an outlet at about 2. Lesson learned. OP should remove the guards so his kid can learn. 




 Somebody's GF banged an army guy.... 




 There is a TV show about the women at Bletchley Park on netflix
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bletchley_Circle 




 Yup, Boston spends more per pupil than Wellesley, Lexington, or Brookline. The truth is that SES and racial educational outcome gaps will never go away until the parenting gap is closed. The parenting gap will never be closed because it is not politically feasible.  





























 No, just the physical limitations of upper body strength. The shells in this video weigh over 100 lbs. Very few women would be physically capable of doing this job. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kb3tfk8dxvU 




 Wow, I always thought artillery would be about the last position open to women.

edit: nevermind, I see it is for officers only, not enlisted 




 which one is he? 




 I'm in 




 Damn, I wonder how the dudes in the humvee they lit up with the cannon fared. 




 Our gunny told the local people that there were gnomes that ate people living on the mountain top and showed them a picture from the movie gremlins. It scared the shit out of them and they mostly avoided the mountain after that. In reality there was a bunch of russian mines up there. 




 I was in Afghanistan in 2010. We used to always ask a bunch of standard counter insurgency type questions: have the Taliban been around recently, have the local soldiers given them any trouble, have the Americans given them any trouble, have they heard anything about weapons/ieds, is anyone in their family in need of medical care etc. Our last question would always be "Do you know where Osama Bin Laden is?" This always got a bunch of laughs. 




 Yup, if I was the boss I'd also want to know if any of my employees had excessive credit card debt, were cheating on their spouse, had any chronic medical conditions, used any illegal drugs etc. That doesn't mean it is the responsibility of anyone and everyone to inform me of these things. It doesn't sound to me like your friends are so terribly concerned with the reputation of the PI and lab as much as they are excited about "getting" the the heckler. They sound like petty, miserable people.....just like virtually every post-doc I've ever met. 




 Because the government of Israel aggressively lobbies them to do so.
http://www.aipac.org/connect/communities/yourchurch
http://www.goisrael.org.il/Ness.Tourism.CMS/Templates_I/USA/Content/Content.aspx?NRMODE=Published NRORIGINALURL=%2Fevng%2FArticles%2FNews%2FIsrael%2BMinistry%2BOf%2BTourism%2BHosts%2BEvangelical%2BPress%2BTrip.htm NRNODEGUID=%7BBBCB5E9E-C637-4E28-BD3A-E9ABB89CC92F%7D NRCACHEHINT=NoModifyGuest 




 So your friends are trying to get someone fired/disciplined at work because they heckled a comedian? Sound like a bunch of jerks. 




 why go to war when you can get the goy to do it for you? 




 quick guys...find a way to be mad about this 




 or to prevent ectopic pregnancy which leads to you bleeding to death out your vagina 




 Interesting read. I served with the guy. 




 thanks Obama..? 




 you sure? 




 They test ALL young women with GU issues for pregnancy. Why? Because young women lie about it (or could even be unaware if they were drugged and raped) ALL THE TIME and the consequences can be fatal. 




 hey, watch it, thats a nobel peace prize winner you're talking about 




 mostly true, iron sights and optics are like kryptonite to most arabs 




 no shit, anyone with a brain knows it is mostly a parenting issue....but since there isn't politically palatable solution no one says it.  




 no, she went climbing in the white mountains in a snow storm. If it was suicide, ok. If she wasn't trying to die, she is dumb as shit. Selfish as fuck considering they sent people up after her. I also have to wonder about her husband who dropped her off. Probably was thinking "finally won't have to deal with this nut anymore." 




 It may appear that way when you see them used in COIN but things would look very different in a conventional war. That tank would be operating with infantry and artillery support, so anyone shooting missiles is going to be on the receiving end of artillery, auto cannon, and machine gun fire. Few (if any) high end antitank missile systems are disposable so you may get shot off but the system will likely be destroyed by the return fire when the launch signature is noticed. Disposable systems are very unlikely to score a hit and short ranged enough to be almost suicidal in anything but an urban environment. There also is the issue of transport. Man portable anti tank systems might be fairly effective in a static defensive role but then you just get killed from the air and by artillery. If you want to maneuver you need to be transported in trucks, which are not very survivable. 




 Small voting block with influence far far far exceeding their numbers due to financial resources. They do generally vote left but if you think support for Israel only comes from the American right you haven't been paying attention. The reason the evangelicals like israel so much is because of a concerted effort by the israeli government to recruit and groom their leaders.  




 large amount of campaign funding for American politicians

ding. ding. ding. 




 I loved it back in the day when I did shift work.  




 I don't speak retard either, still confused 









 Sure, why not spend a few hundred  mil on a new city hall, I mean, what else would we spend the money on? 




 It looks like a war-crimes tribunal after world war III 




 In other words...people say things that sound good when they don't have to back it up with anything. In other news, I'm against child sexual exploitation and cancer. I know, I'm a pretty good person. 




 I don't speak tumblr, I don't know what this means 




 yup 




 I read this title as "Denver Police Office" and I was thinking "well a major metro department, 40 complaints and a million in settlements isn't really that bad" then I reread the title. 




 that pig had it coming 




 as was the style at the time 




 I thought you guys called them "oculists" 




 [it could be worse....](http://i.imgur.com/CT85Ae6.jpg) 




 Anecdotally, the problem with a lot of activists is that their primary technique is telling people that their beliefs are wrong and stupid. 




 Man, I want to Iraq and all I got was lots of money and benefits. 




 In my experience they would just get assigned to "headquarters platoon" AKA shitbag platoon. You get to spend the deployment digging holes, stirring burning shit barrels, filling sandbags, picking up trash etc. 




 dude, she has 72K tweets..... 




 I'm against the Olympics but this sounds a lot like the whining of a bunch of adolescents that just realized the world isn't an echo chamber like Sociology 101 and their Tumblr blog. 




 "triggered" - LOL 




 Anytime I see the abbreviation "POC" I know I can stop paying attention.  




 so... yes? 




 I dunno, does it hurt when people say "Those who can, do; those who can't, teach?"  




 Well, you could say it's kind of a luxury for your greatest fear to be your democratically elected government as apposed to a rampaging horde of assholes rolling over the boarder. 




 does this mean I'm gonna have to give up my handicapped parking space? 




 do you have a citation? 




 smoked pot and banged hookers the whole time

I think this makes me like him more 




 "The Shit" is old American slang for combat in the Vietnam War. This is a Wes Anderson movie, his style of humor is known to be kind of understated. People generally either love it or hate it. 




 He asked a very loaded question in a remarkably casual way and Murray responded with a very serious answer in an even more casual way. If you don't find that funny you're not "missing anything," you just have a different sense of humor.  




 As far as I'm concerned Murray's "second career" started in 1998 with this exchange: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4qQ66LgM1c#t=33 




 wait is this a real quote? 




 I bet ANYTHING he is suffering from some kind of ED and is too embarrassed to tell you. 




 It's not illegal, just frowned upon 




 Fuck, make it 50% and have it go to the MBTA 




 I love them, bring up student loans next, I want to laugh at some people. 




 sounds like he is a rude, lazy, douche...what does this have to do with the fact that he's from a small town and his family has less money than yours? It's interesting that you feel that way. 




 took the words from my mouth 




 so true 




 A long time ago when I was in a human anatomy lab: I dreamed that my lab group was sitting around our cadaver in fancy dress slicing up the body with fancy silverware and gobbling it down. 




 A CHURCH AND A LIBRARY??!!! Now they've gone too far!! 




 Cabbie's Cab 




 bwahahahaha 




 wait till the snow melts...:( 




 We should have just ignored the airspace thing. Ireland couldn't shoot down a 747 flying over their country if they wanted to. 




 I love it 




 you can just look through the iron sights and see the red dot, or you can fold the iron sight down. 




 It's still an insanely broad, sensational headline and the idea that a handful of nuts in a trailer park is more of a threat than the Islamic State is just beyond comprehension. Even the dog thinks it's retarded. 









 Looks like area bombing is gonna make a comeback 




 I wasn't intending to be hard on the French, my point was that things happen fast and the idea of "building up" in response to an invasion is a joke. Things today would likely happen much faster than during WW2 and at least then France was EXPECTING an invasion. Now Europe just has its head in the sand AND depends on Russia for much of its natural gas. Yes nukes are out there but I somehow doubt the willingness of France or GB to be wiped off the map for Poland or Romania...or perhaps even Germany. Yes there are satellites, but how long would it take the Russians to mobilize? Certainly less time than for the Germans to build 2000 tanks and train 500,000 men. Lets not forget that the first day of the war could involve Russian strategic bombers hitting high value targets all over western Europe...a move to which the allies would be incapable of responding in kind.  




 So what you are saying is France was much more prepared to fight than Europe is today and STILL got violently raped by a force without 1/10th the mechanization of the modern Russian military in 45 days. What you're also saying is that the Americans were unprepared for WW2 and got kicked around for the first year or two while they got their shit together....those two oceans were mighty convenient. Too bad Berlin is less than a 20 hr drive from Moscow. 




 I'm actually descended from Germans that came over in the 1700's but the vast bulk of Germans came over in the mid-1800's to early 1900's (ie several hundred thousand vs 5+ million). 




 I've got a scenario for everyone in this thread. Say the USA pulls out of Europe and says "not our problem anymore." If Russia turns off the gas, rolls through Belarus with a wink and a smile, and then heads into Poland....when would NATO stop them? Would they deploy their forces to the front in Poland, or safe them do defend their own borders? How about when they got to Germany? Yea, France and GB have nukes...when would they use them? If they did Russia would respond and put them back in the dark ages. Would they take that for Poland? For Germany? For Belgium? What if they Stopped at the Elbe and sued for peace...would you accept? 




 That takes time. Last time Europe played the "its never gonna happen again" game France fell in 45 days. 




 It was so great that so many germans left the region that they form the largest ancestry group in the United States. 




 to quote my (straight) female friend "penis out of context horrifies me" 




 Does anyone know how to reliably tell who is who in these videos if no one is displaying insignia? 




 Which line? 




 someone needs to make a "men react to vag pics" 




 who is this "exact same crowd" 




 You don't have to. The prosecutor has to prove that you killed the person and you weren't defending yourself.  




 It would probably come down to the physical evidence.... 




 Absolutely, we should have saved the $1000 and let the Northern Alliance deal with him.  




 There may be people that can answer this a little better, I think unfortunately this may be a crap shoot to a degree. You could say something like, "I'm a very inquisitive person and I like to take an active role in my medical care, do you think your style of care is compatible with a patient who asks a lot of questions?" Unfortunately, I think that the vast majority of doctors would say "yes of course," even if this wasn't really the case. The best would be if you know someone who is very satisfied with their GP and go to that doctor. There are online review sites, but my personal feeling is that they are basically worthless because patients are far more likely write a review if they are unsatisfied and EVERY doctor is going to have some unsatisfied patients. 




 Yea, age definitely could be a factor (culture can play a role as well). The truth is that some patients WANT an autocrat that will just tell them what to do (perhaps an older model), while others want a partner that will discuss options/risks and help them decide (perhaps a more current model), and others want someone who will just do whatever they tell them (probably not very safe/ethical/legal). It sounds like this guy doesn't fit you very well. 




 Yea, that sucks. Out of curiosity (don't take this the wrong way) does this doctor work in an area with lots of poorer/less educated people? Sometimes doctors in that serve populations like this can adopt an autocratic style because they are used to passive patients who rarely ask any questions. Ultimately, it sounds like his bedside manner sucks. You should never be afraid to ask your doctor questions and they should be prepared to give you clear answers. If they won't/can't find a new doctor. 




 totally agree 




 He's probably worried that you have cervical dysplasia and that malignant potential could be increased by hormonal contraception (there isn't a clear medical consensus if this is a real risk). He wouldn't be able to know for sure if dysplasia is present or not until the pathologist looks at the sample. 




 It's not "Americans" it's retarded people 




 I'm starting to think these ISIS chaps are a bunch of dicks. 




 They should get the 5-tons http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M939_Truck
to move all the stranded commuters around 




 The USA needs to reform VII Corps and put it back in Europe. 




 totally agree 




 *reddit/boston suddenly changes opinion on olympics 




 You guys should switch 




 I know you're joking but we can contact republican congressmen/women and demand they repeal this. If they do, Obama will have to let it go or be the democrat that vetoed it. This will affect A LOT of gun owners, many of whom are not republicans. 




 
edit: wait, this is just you posting your friend's shitty article and then defending her non-news. You and Shirley should try to get jobs for buzzfeed. 




 You're absolutely right. I've posted this numerous times but it doesn't matter. This is about feelings not facts. People simply want to be able to ride the T and have someone else pay for most of it....cause feelings. 

Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA)
Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination.
Bus and subway ridership is estimated based on CharlieCard or CharlieTicket or cash transactions on MBTA fareboxes and fare gates. We then adjust for customers who transfer within downtown subway stations or who show their passes to an inspector, or children and others who do not use the fare equipment.). The adjustment is calculated from statistics from studies and inperson ridership counts. Currently, farebox and fare gate information is not 100% real time. It is not immediately available at the end of the month. However, the MBTAs goal is to develop daily real time counts in the future
In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts. http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png http://i.imgur.com/8j3jG0O.png UNDENIABLE 100% TRUTH: MBTA riders make up a tiny percentage of the state's daily commuters 




 how is this even news 




 If you youtube Ross Kemp Afghanistan you'll he's done this shit a whole lot 
























 But it you stop people from with mental illness from flying no one with mental illness who flies will come forward. Same thing applies to guns "crazy people can't own guns" so if you have mental illness and own guns, you won't seek help. On the other hand, should mentally ill people be able to own guns or fly? People just need to accept that there is not such thing as 100% security and there is a 0.00001% chance they will die at the hands of some random nutjob. On the other hand, the'll probably die cause of all the fucking junk food they eat, or the drugs they do, or the people they have sex with, or that one little asshole epithelial cell that had a bad day. Everyone of the people reading this thread will die one day. A significant portion will die well before they expect to. Most of them will die painfully. 




 But what if they don't find out they were wrong, isn't life in prison for an innocent person a pretty high cost? If you believe in a justice system you accept that a tiny percentage of innocent people will suffer. Why is this OK if you merely jail them for life, but not OK if you kill them. Besides if you're on death row you have expanded rights to appeal that those with life do not have so if there IS an incorrect verdict there is a greater chance of it coming to light. Thats why most death row inmates in California oppose ending the death penalty in that state. 




 this is why I don't believe in prison 




 fuck, why did we even buy that dude an eotech 




 No one wants to be the guy that says "yeah ok, don't worry about it" and then dumbass blows themselves up 




 http://www.foxnews.com/story/2008/05/02/virginia-man-killed-in-civil-war-cannonball-blast/ still potentially lethal 




 DOWN THE WELL! DOWN THE WELL! 




 all depends on who is on the plane, 300 people four hours from the target...fuck yea. A late night commuter flight on a tuesday with 10 people on board 5 minutes from the target....good luck. Keep in mind that it may be very possible to barricade the door. Counting on the passengers to take back the plane is highly speculative. Just following the 2 in the cockpit rule seems a lot easier. 




 If the USA went "all in, no rules" against ISIS, even with just conventional weapons it would be over in under a week. The problem would be that hundreds of thousands of Iraqis would be killed. In 1991 the USA went up against 650,000 iraqis much better armed than ISIS and killed 30,000 of them while losing under 200 of their own. 




 ITT: people that can't accept that they will never be totally safe  




 until the terrorist tells the person who knows the code to open the door or he gets fed his own balls 




 Would this precipitate a greater middle class in China and India? 




 Would the increased demand for labor be outweighed by the decrease in consumption in a highly automated economy? 




 Have fun in Ukraine this spring! 









 Most of government would be gone, leaving the remaining democratic president with incredible power. US military wouldn't like this, coup ensues, liberals don't like it but won't actually fight to stop it. Some kind of very limited democracy ensues. 




 Hell and Back Again 




 I find it strange that we are supposed to accept models of all body weights (something you can control and is related to your health) because it might give people an unrealistic impression of beauty. However, there is no movement to accept models who are not attractive in other ways (poor bone structure, asymmetry), features which we cannot control. Do models that fit these conventional measures of attractiveness not also create an unrealistic standard of beauty? Where is the movement for models with ugly faces? There also doesn't seem to be much of a movement for male models who are "plus size." 




 Arab Spring wins again! 




 You guys need some freedom, imma crank up the Abrams 




 Isn't less uninformed retards voting good? 




 then how do you support prison? 




 hahahahahahahahahahahaha 




 What about Wormtown? 




 It's not closed off, it is just a strange angle. That is a A2 birdcage flash suppressor so there are no slits on the bottom (to reduce dust signature when firing and decrease muzzle rise) 




 why does it look fake? 




 It would be funny watching the bikers make him eat it while the police walk by laughing 




 shit...we're just in the summer now 




 Remember when everyone was all excited about the Arab Spring? 




 this, peacetime military is like constant jacking off and never getting to fuck 




 Is this movie about how much it sucks being rich and fucking models all the time? 




 they should apologize for their racial stereotyping and sign up for a reeducation camp. 




 Yea, they should have gone with Corporate Bros and Finance Hoes.  




 American Pride has nothing to do with an ethnic heritage. If someone lives in America and they are offended by "American Pride" I suggest they leave. I hear there are some openings in northern Iraq. 




 my point being they shouldn't want us to have to come back 




 last time we took Okinawa it didn't work out too well for the locals 




 or we could do it by parental political affiliation! 




 Isn't this what we always knew....shit parents equal shit kids. There isn't a solution for this other than the forced redistribution of children and widespread sterilization. Good luck getting support for that. 




 Next do one with rate of HIV infection, felony conviction, and rate of gun violence and associated political party!! Oh, add rates of child abuse and mental illness as well. 




 what are you, like french or something?
 




 because they hate america.... 




 Well they could accidentally torpedo a russian warship. Oops. Totally deserved but won't happen because Europe trembles before Russia. 




 how far can a drone fly in an hour with how much weight and how much does it cost, honest question 




 or you could use rocket and mortars with far more effect and cheaper 




 a good one, I'd acquitt 




 Well he did get to live for about 35 years after killing a woman over 101 bucks. Regardless the cause he got what he deserved. 




 in a restaurant with an automatic weapon it is, esp if the people involved are white and part of "organized crime" as opposed to "street thugs" ie poor blacks 




 As do their demographics! 




 grunt life... 




 That Marine is a total boot 




 total frat move is the douchiest thing to ever douche 




 lots of biker gangs IIRC 




 USMC 0351 




 *except the vast, vast, vast, majority of people in combat units 




 Call me a sexist because maybe this makes me one but I 100% guarantee that this will lower combat readiness. - Male combat veteran that served in combat as part of an all male unit to which females were attached. 




 yup, they should make evictions EASIER if anything. If you don't pay your rent, fuck you, not only are you stealing from your landlord, you're inflating the prices for everyone else.  




 Not really true. You're trained to always shoot for a lethal area if you have a realistic chance of hitting it. For instance, people ARE trained to shoot at ankles under cars or for the pelvis if the target is distant and doesn't respond to torso shots (ie body armor). don't stick your leg out from the corner https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SKqQ_dkpQA 




 It's the whole "if it's stupid and it works, it isn't stupid" thing 




 If you have to commute to Boston it sucks but there are alternatives. I pay 650 for a HUGE 1b in a brownstone located in the nicest part of Worcester. I have a  5 min walk to the commuter rail, grocery store, and literally dozens of restaurants and bars. People just can't get past the "but it's Worcester" part. 




 This guy. GI Bill ftw. 




 ITT: people that haven't a clue what they are talking about. It is a perfectly legitimate tactic. Anyone here been in a gunfight before? I have. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_BxQSxnD1g 




 I wanna see Jane Swift fight holyfield.... 




 Yea, I was kinda joking and kinda not. Deval's got the age but Mitt has the size. Deval grew up in a bad neighborhood but left really young, while Mitt went to prep school in the early 60s. Neither is really a stand out athlete. I think it would be a good fight. 




 Are they going to have regular hours now? 




 Paul Revere's Ride- Events of Lexington and Concord and those leading up. Extraordinarily good, reads like a novel. You will have new found appreciation for the intelligence and courage of our forefathers. I couldn't get over the description of the Old North Bridge fight. Possibly the single most pivotal event in American History. A bunch of farmers stand against the greatest fighting force in the world. Somehow the English panic and flee and the world would never be the same. 




 should be Mitt vs Deval 




 When my mom and dad got married they agreed not to have any kids. Ten years later my mom changed her mind and here I am. Oops 




 thanks obama? 




 because it's a minority group...if they weren't jewish it would be "privilege" 




 Christ, I wasn't in school THAT long ago and none of those stupid rules were in place. Where did all that shit come from? 




 I bet he wouldn't egg the russians 




 I agree, we've lowered the bar. Doing your job and/or self preservation shouldn't meet the "hero" criteria. 




 yea, and if you buy it off ebay there is a high chance it "fell off a truck" hence "grey."  




 oh, that I'm sure he picked up in Iraq 




 just think, one sub can kill every population center in russia with a population over 50,000 




 uniforms yes, armor no, he probably bought it on the grey market. 




 So hating parts of a culture isn't racist, what about hating most of a culture? 




 what if you hate the culture not the people? 




 yup, vertical video 




 Hell and Back Again http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1748043/ is better and on Netflix 




 In all seriousness they should.  




 That white man's burden yo 




 you're right, see edit 




 This looks a lot more like US Marines in Helmand than US Army in Kunar. EDIT, I'm totally wrong, somehow watched wrong video. 




 and does their whining bring you over to their side or make your resentment grow? 




 You do realize the more whining people hear, the less they give a fuck about the whiner right? 




 time to buy land in Greenland 




 with that attitude I guess they better keep on oppressing you 




 Half ass jihadist. If ure gonna be a muj, you probably should skip the whole "my mean brother made me do it" defense. 




 christ, you need a sweater 




 It looks entertaining but I think this movie is going to take a lot of (possibly justified) criticism. It certainly has a "white people trapped among local savages" look to it. 




 bayonet them for having more money than you?  




 Hey, who cares when you make some money shitting all over some 78 year old lady for singing the lyrics to a song in private. 




 I'd rather watch "Shit-Faced NASCAR" 




 Did he push the olympic in any way? Serious question. 




 the problem is that politics in the US has become about sticking it to the other guy. The democrats would love to elect a clinton because they know the conservatives hate them. The republicans would like a bush for the same reason. 




 AND? Tourists will have to pay slightly more for whores and Thai exports will suffer. 




 Legalize, regulate, tax. Anything else is duck tarded. 




 Pro-gun? He is also a founding member of the Massachusetts Against Trafficking Handguns Coalition who issued the following statement: "With gun violence at a 10-year high in Boston and increasing in Springfield, New Bedford and other Massachusetts cities, we applaud leaders like Deval Patrick for advocating smart policies to deal with this growing crisis. Deval Patrick has shown himself to be a true champion for peace and public safety by recognizing the need to crack down on the flow of illegal guns coming into the Commonwealth. We thank Mr. Patrick for vowing to make our communities safer places to live, work and raise families and congratulate him on his victory in Tuesday's Democratic Party Primary."

Sounds like he was just an opportunist hustler.

http://www.19actionnews.com/story/5439861/massachusetts-against-trafficking-handguns-coalition-says-deval-patrick-will-win-the-peace 




 I guess by that rationale it is also aggressively pro-choice 




 Actually this isn't really true anymore. While obviously you shouldn't use a tourniquet for minor wounds, experience in Iraq and Afghanistan has shown that the risk of limb loss has been vastly overstated. Using a tourniquet is reasonable for any bleeding that can't be controlled with direct pressure or repositioning. Every soldier in on patrol in Afghanistan carries a minimum of 4 tourniquets, one for each limb.

edit from your link: In rare situations tourniquet application will be necessary and lifesaving in the civilian prehospital setting. Tourniquets are no longer only considered as a last resort device. Practitioners should familiarise themselves with this simple piece of equipment and be prepared to use it in appropriate cases without an irrational fear of complications

tl;dr- if you can't stop the bleeding with direct pressure or repositioning use a tourniquet because the benefits almost certainly outweigh the risks. 




 uh, I don't think we have a monopoly on that....but we do shit indoors 




 Because western society IS superior. Sorry. 




 Most of the "my gyno is an asshole" posts are overly dramatic, this is not, you should report it 
























 Cause I posted this video in the other merc thread yesterday 




 Here's an old thread from ar15.com in which Haley gives the specs of his rifle if you want to build a clone. http://www.ar15.com/forums/t_3_118/408500_.html 




 [there's a thing for that](https://youtu.be/jlpx4DMGzYI)

expensive though 




 this is probably the most historically inaccurate thing I've ever read on reddit 




 His importance extends far beyond the midnight ride. He rode from Boston to Philadelphia 18 times as a messenger for pre-revolutionary independence movement. 




 and then was captured by a british patrol 




 Yea, when my son brought my glock to school I NEVER got it back. Fucking straight up theft. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaJYlk4z5RQ

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1g-x9ncP8I

Some more videos of the same incident 




 I think it's a SMAW-D 




 Well I certainly hope you can be sterilized as soon as possible 




 giving you an elective procedure whenever you demand isn't their job 




 this is africa 




 mob violence in SA, there are differing accounts of where/why it happened 




 Not that hard, but getting hits on the first shots is difficult unless you have a very precise range estimate 




 T.I.A. NSFW http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=4d1_1428675879 




 Hep C 




 Yea I'm curious. I wonder if they are ex Syrian Army. We were always told that the Iraqis were better with mortars than the afghans because they were from Saddam's army. I'm also curious why they are trigger firing...concerns about ammo/tube quality? I dunno, maybe that model doesn't have a drop fire option. 




 Not bad, I wonder how many shots they took to make those hits. 




 fuck, you can still smoke at a certain bar in cambridge 




 They should sell it at CVS with uniform dosages. No amount of law enforcement, or for that matter, treatment and and counseling is going to keep some people from wanting to get high. 




 what about foreigners and students? 




 "Lots of tech" It seems like it would be a big hassle. Like, are they going to want property records, capital gains, assets held in trust? Can they even compel someone to hand over that kind info over a parking ticket? What about foreign assets?  




 Is this really so much of a problem? This sounds a lot like the liberal version of drug-testing people on welfare. 




 for real though: Summer, Marissa, or Ms. Cooper? 




 thanks grammerbot! 




 89% of the politburo were engineers.....worked out GREAT 




 Well the guy has made millions selling other people what they want to hear "all your failures are on someone else." The guy is actually a great capitalist. 




 Saying "such and such strong" has been around for a while ie the Army since the mid 2000's and Vermont since Irene. Boston doesn't get a monopoly on stupid catchphrases. Sorry, no fucks given. 




 why? 




 Sounds like it's preparing them for the real world 




 This video is such a classic, it never really went viral for some reason 




 that's racist 




 there has been a TON of this going on over the last few days, i dunno if it's bots or a new upvote whoring thing or what 




 This is why we need an independent federal agency tasked solely with investigating and prosecuting law enforcement officials for misconduct. They could be recruited from the law schools, accounting programs, and military counter-intelligence. No one who had ever worked as a law enforcement officer would be eligible, and no former agents would ever be allowed to work in law enforcement. They would have jurisdiction over ALL law enforcement agencies and would themselves only be subject to investigation by the FBI. All lethal use of force by law enforcement would be automatically be investigated by this agency. Most agents would be located in regional offices and no agent would be allowed to remain in any office for more than four years. All of their cases would be tried in federal court and a new crime of "lying in the course of law enforcement activities" would carry a mandatory minimum ten year sentence. 




 RIP Spc. Dawson 




 I'm pretty confident that that Tsarnaev kid was a bomber 




 How do rehabilitate someone that rapes and murders kids?  









 If only there was a government program that paid you to go to school 




 of course, the terrorists truly "won" that day 




 Less time, because the dude would have found the kid in his back yard instead of being stuck inside all day 




 Of course, they face consequences for their actions.  




 Everything's relative 




 Thank you 




 I thought everyone cowering in their homes because of one kid on the loose was pretty pathetic. It was nice getting the day off work. I went out to brunch and spent the day jogging. 




 what percentage of american charity is "save johnny from leukemia?" 




 Dirty 'murican here. A Swedish friend of mine once said to me, "The Norwegians are a bunch of stuck-up jerks and the Finns are just stupid rednecks." I've heard plenty of American stereotypes about Europeans and plenty of European stereotypes about Americans. What do you guys say about each other? 




 That is firearms per capita (ie. total firearms divided by number of people) I was reporting over 40% ownership rate (ie people actually own a firearm) The per capita rate in Iowa is likely significantly higher than 1.0. The homicide rate in Iowa was 1.4 in 2013. My point is that it is perfectly possible to live in a largely peaceful society with tons of guns. If you have a large number of assholes it doesn't matter what the rules are. For instance, Lithuania has a very low rate of gun ownership and a higher homicide rate than the US. I prefer to live in a society where my rights are not dictated by the lowest common denominator. 




 It also has a lower rate than Belgium and Finland for example. I don't know what rape has to do with this conversion, but Sweden has twice the rape-rate of the US and far more restricted firearms.  




 hell if you discount black people the US homicide rate comes down to near European levels. 




 Meanwhile, Iowa has a lower homicide rate than many European countries, almost no gun laws, and a firearm ownership rate over 40%. Hint...the problem isn't the guns. 




 bloomberg is a dick for many reasons 




 why wasn't he expelled? 




 inferiority complex 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUltheRpJNw

This is like five years old, but if you haven't seen it, it really is the best of Cage. 




 'NGLEND! 




 Hah, thanks. I wasn't in the truck, I was sleeping a few hundred yards away. Talk about a rude awakening. 




 The Pashto have been like that for a long time, way before the Russians. That said, having spent considerable time in Helmand Province, it is a beautiful place. I always thought we should forget about trying to install a government and just colonize the place. Give soldiers who stay there 1000 acres each and a few wives. It would be Texas in 50 years. 




 of course you would, easy peasy, for example see north america 




 The one person I know who went there was also a nutty girl that dropped out after losing her shit. Must be something in the water. 




 http://i.imgur.com/cxwwQ7c.jpg

That's my buddy sitting in the turret. No one in that truck had a scratch on them.

happened here: https://goo.gl/maps/dq5fX 




 they should pay teens 100 bucks a year to get a implanon, 10K to get a tubal ligation 




 that's what happens when you don't have a strong NCO corps 




 I found that guy! 




 The first couple looked pretty bad but I wouldn't assume everyone was killed. MRAPs/MATVs are fucking tough, during my deployment we had something like 100 vehicles hit by IEDs. Not a single death or amputation. Probably some TBIs but nothing that left anyone unable to function. All of our fatalities/amputations were guys on foot. 




 if they want people to continue lending them money 




 cars make suburban cities perfectly viable, it's almost as if certain modes of transportation are suited to certain lifestyles 




 maybe sometimes, I have extremely close access to public transportation and I still drive. 




 If I were you I would live in Worcester. Much cheaper and the commute would be way less horrible. 




 just think, they probably fucked your grandma! 




 This is actually a very legitimate tactic. The cop in question was the guy that likely actually made hits on Tamerlin and the department firearms instructor. Probably the most competent guy there. https://youtu.be/x28X4FK8Hkk?t=253 




 "highly trained"

lots of law enforcement firearms training consists of shooting at static targets - good for developing basic marksmanship but not much else, and simunition training. Simunition training is basically paintballs fired by gunpowder. Unfortunately this type of very valuable training often becomes more of a game than anything else. Training with sims  shouldn't be fun. We did a bunch in the Marines and it always sucked. Getting shot wasn't "awe darn you got me," it meant lying facedown in the road for a few yours or your fire-team dragging/carrying your ass a mile or two the the LZ for the medevac. 




 you really told 'em! 




 That's one way to bust the glass ceiling 




 *vomits furiously 




 right next to old fezzipoop ale 




 I'm triggered by your ableist slur, guess they didn't have a debate team in the dumpster 




 good thing your opinion doesn't matter 




 nope, but if you try to take the trash and put it in a nice recycling facility the dumpster will flip a shit. Wouldn't it be nice if there was a way to keep dumpsters from filling up with garbage? 




 "Good" -Eugene Sledge 




 idiotic

-typical

except she's already elected, she didn't need to help marry anyone
 




 You said convenient and necessary, which clearly it was to get him elected. He lied about his opinion to help him politically, just like Polito. Don't change the subject, besides those efforts you cite happened AFTER he was elected. Im sorry your partisan blinders are so tight that you're upset that a Republican is supporting same sex marriage.  




 Obama was against it when he was running for president in 2008 and only 40% of Americans supported it. Be became for it in 2012 when he was running for election and 51% of Americans supported it. Same shit, different party. 




 This is part of the reason stitches cost so much. It's called stealing. 




 http://www.goarmy.com/ 




 wow, you're really helping your argument! Maybe I've been wrong all along!! Don't worry, I don't think you should be allowed to own guns. 




 Did a gun touch your pee-pee? 




 depends on who the patient is, the majority of people I see in the ER are being paid for by tax dollars 




 Like Saddam, right? 




 "Five years after the Arab Spring: Middle East engulfed by war" 




 So when are they gonna build a homeland for christians in the middle east? Anyone got ideas for locations? Maybe the Syrian coast?  




 yea, sure worked out well for Haiti 




 "jamming problem" I'm gonna guess you've never carried an M4 professionally  




 man, butthurt germans can't admit their gun sucks. Go with the 416 like your SF if you want to buy domestic, it even uses the same gas system. Or could've stuck with the g3, THAT was a nice german piece. 




 just buy m4's and be done with it 




 and that's why their great-great-grandchildren will also be living in poverty 




 It should be a death penalty offense for a police officer to lie on duty. 




 I dunno, the one liver doner I know said it was much, much more painful than childbirth 




 then get licking, I just trimmed  




 Well gosh, if justice needs to be done anyone who has lived in the US for decades after coming from a war-torn third world shit-hole really should be investigated. Who cares about the cost. Really any immigrants from Africa, Korea, Vietnam, Eastern Europe, the Caribbean, the Middle East, and South America should be investigated. Or we could pay for things that actually matter in America. No one gave enough of shit to do anything in Rwanda 20 years ago, why should we care now? 




 it would be pretty funny to watch epic asskicking that would commence if they ever came to blows 




 Only 6 or 7 blocks from where those hippies blew themselves up in the 70's 




 Seems like justification to cut the DHS budget right there 





























 Who steals all this bike shit? Is it other bicyclists or people that sell it to other bicyclists? Do people buy lots of bike accessories second hand off craigstlist? 




 why do black people wear baggy pants? 




 great stonework, also- some of your anime friends are hot 




 you entirely missed the point of my post.....the vast majority of germans are descended from people who came over hundreds of years ago and moved to rural areas. Very few Americans of german descent have any connection to the "old country." Those that do are diluted across the country. This could also be said for the English and Scotts-Irish. Many Italian Americans have a grandparent, or great-grandparent who came over and told people about it. While this is not as true for the Irish, they settled in dense pockets on the east coast, surrounding themselves with people of similar backgrounds...and thus "reinforcing" if you will, their own cultural pride. I also said said there were other smaller groups (ie eastern europeans) that act the same way but have fewer numbers. 




 my diabetes hurts :( 




 the funny thing is, liberal americans are jealous of europe 




 It's because out of white americans, those are about the only two large groups where anyone alive might have known someone in the "old-country." American's with Armenian and Polish heritage act the same way but there are far fewer. Also, because of their arrival after the industrial revolution, they are more concentrated in east-coast cities than other white ethnic groups.
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/09/02/article-2408591-1B95A350000005DC-125_964x720.jpg 




 thats nice, so I take it you're anti-choice...but don't want more developmentally disabled children running around 




 uh...no...it's a bundle of cells 









 Since when does AMERICA need justification to militarily intervene anywhere? Suck our dick you camel-fucking nerd! 




 nevermind, that was too mean 




 No, it's what happens when you allow defeated thugs to withdraw and they return to kill women and children. 




 Not [always] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waco_siege) but there sure are a lot more cameras around these days 




 so a lot of whining and no answer? 




 It worked pretty well out at the bundy ranch for a bunch of crazy hicks....black people would rather rob some asian dude's liquor store, maybe they should try something different. 




 Honest question.....if bush gets elected in 2016, had the military arrest congress, suspended the constitution, quadrupled the pay of police officers and the military, and declared himself dictator for life.....what would you do about it? Hold a sign? Have a sit in? Flee the country? Hold your husband's hand and cry? 




 Excuse me, it was S.22, if mixed up the names of bills from 2 years ago. It was abandoned because of commentary and republicans introducing bills that would have removed the authority of the BATF to regulate such ammunition. The assault weapons ban was a bill introduced by democrats, voted for by democrats, on an issue he has voiced support for....blame Obama or the democratic party at large, I I don't care. 

Can you honestly say, that if we had a strong democratic majority in both houses in 2012 that we wouldn't have more gun control laws than we do today? Of course not, because we 100% surely would. If you deny that you are simply delusional. 




 As I said earlier....it doesn't have to be one or another...they are certainly a red line.  




 they haven't....because republicans stopped them 




 Of course I care about dismantling the surveillance state....but it doesn't have to be one or another....hey if they care about both and use soundbites as their guide they should probably vote for someone else "I'm not here to tell you what to be. I am here to tell you, though, that your rights, especially your right to privacy, are under assault....I believe what you do on your cellphone is none of their damn business" - Rand Paul 




 He didn't barely try anything....The assault weapons act of 2013, S.629, and his new executive order on m855 were all shut down almost entirely because of republicans. Of course it will be an issue, people said the same shit in the late 2000's and it went out the window overnight with sandyhook. The democrats have earned their rep as gun-grabbers and the either have to make good or deal with the consequences. 




 What's wrong with Mormons? 




 and the 4th, 10th, and 14th 




 Actions speak much loader than words....if you think one soundbite is more important than a long voting record you haven't been paying attention to American politics for very long. 




 we're not talking about bernie sanders are we? And just because obama FAILED to restrict gunrights doesn't mean he didn't try. 




 and he loves gun control.....so he will never, ever, get my vote. Just like most democrats. 




 Yes, and many asians weren't even allowed into the country....or were rounded up and put in camps. The fact is that american blacks speak the language and will be admitted into higher education programs even if their test scores and grades fall well below the average applicant...the OPPOSITE situation asians find themselves in. It is also notable that non-african-american blacks (ie more recent immigrants) don't seem to have many of the same problems. While the crimes against african americans were terrible, encouraging a culture of victimhood only hinders any future change. The inconvenient truths I am referencing are the obvious differences in crime rates/academic achievement/etc. between african-americans and most other american ethnic groups. Today children spend a significant part of K-12 (and then college) being told the message "we are all the same, differences are only skin deep." The problem is, this isn't true, and repeating a lie isn't the way to change people's minds when they can see the truth for themselves. 




 While I'm sure many of your points are valid, they seem to be largely anecdotal so I shall reply with anecdotes. I went to a school with a lot of kids that were asian and WEREN'T the ones with stinking rich parents. Their parents were mostly Vietnamese, some Chinese and many didn't speak any english at all. Lots of these kids obtained scholarships to competitive universities (despite being double discriminated against for being asian) and went on to successful careers. My girlfriend is Korean. Her parents showed up in the United States speaking no english, they lived on food stamps in public housing. Her dad is now an executive engineer making great money at a local firm. The reason these people succeeded in the face of being an outsider was a little bit of luck and a huge commitment to education and hard work. Parents that taught their kids the value of education even while they were working in nail salon. I don't know who is suggesting that someone is genetically inferior, no I. I do know that a kid who grows up in a home with only one parent who doesn't value education probably isn't going to go that far. You can blame a history of racism and/or social/economic policies that favor such conditions for the present condition of many African American children....but it doesn't change the fact that you can't fix a culture by throwing money at it and you can't educate away inconvenient truths. 




 they're all funny 




 did they go? 




 seems reasonable 




 how come racism against east asians and indians doesn't result in the same? 




 neither do I :,-( 




 ....I'll tell ya another thing, your beer sucks 




 I think the whole thing is pretty funny. "you treat me like an animal so I'm gonna act like one" - "Hmm, I guess we were right about you all along, get the hose" 




 they wouldn't like how that turns out 




 Education isn't really a dollars issue. In Massachusetts we spend more per pupil in some of the shittiest school districts than the best school districts. 




 Like Great Society in 1965? Then the poverty rate was 17.3 percent, today it is 14.5. Throwing money at the problem isn't going to solve anything. 




 I doubt it, if she actually contacted people and facilitated their interaction with ISIS, probably. I'm just speculating because this article is short on specifics and might not be true at all. I think it basically ranges from "she broke no laws" to "she could be put to death" depending on specific details. 




 no it isn't 




 Or maybe a history of being surrounded by disenfranchised poor people that want to kill you 




 If she actually recruited people for ISIS you could make the argument she is guilty of treason which is a death-penalty offense. 




 Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $10,000; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States.

If she has actually recruited people for ISIS 




 yes, but that isn't what you said, I'd also argue that the association is probably overstated, at least to a small degree, due to recall bias. 




 mesothelioma can occur spontaniously 




 Maybe that just means the subject matter of traditionally female centered movies is generally more boring to both men and women. Make more hunger games, less steel magnolias. 




 I don't agree with the point that "men cannot empathize with women as easily as woman can empathize with men" (your words, her point). It seems remarkably presumptive. 




 309k people 




 What does this even mean. Only like 20% are locked up for drug offenses, even if we let them all go we still have "mass incarceration."  




 I as well. Told this specifically by a police officer. He said it is thought to be justified because "insurance will cover it" 




 I'm gonna guess the PBA wasn't there 




 there is a lot of diversity among gays, lots of them basically ARE frat bros that like fucking bros 














 maybe like you, not like me 




 then they should stop pumping oil 




 It's probably just that thing you say would "make all of us more comfortable" don't actually hold true for all of us. I have proper healthcare, "labor protections" and "stricter environmental laws" might actually make my life less comfortable. 




 Or lots of people are no longer necessary. Why pay to keep them around? The grind-bots will take care of that. 




 great, they don't cause problems anymore 




 something tells me dr_retardo doesn't either 




 Foreigners serve in the US Marines. I had a German, a Swede, and a Dane in my unit. 




 would you...like to... 




 you won't like what comes after 




 Totally agree, we should have gassed all the socialists long ago 




 hah, exactly what I was thinking. When I saw him shoot the hand holds, I was like "maybe not as dumb as he looks." Then he jumped the wall without his rifle and I was like, "wait, no, dumb as he looks." 




 "If it's fun and I don't enjoy it, it should be illegal"

Apply to gay sex, guns, cigarettes, weed, fireworks etc. as per your political leanings 




 people with stupid names aren't THAT bad 




 Oh as it should be. That was the case in our weapons company. The problem is that often times logistic runs or transport missions would go out manned by headquarters platoon guys. That means a few NCOs, a few pogs, and a bunch of boot 0311s no one wanted. Guess who gets  to sit up in the turret for 7 hours and guess who gets stuck "taking care of" the .50.... It was fucking stupid, I'm glad I was in a rifle platoon and didn't directly deal with it. 




 For one thing, it's a nearly 100 year old design. Another thing, many of the people that get stuck maintaining them (ie some random e-2 boot) haven't been properly trained to operate and maintain them. Finally, in many cases people working in the unit armory are the lowest of the lowly retards in the whole battalion. I'll never forget the time I our armorer didn't know how to install a KAC RAS hand-guard. 




 Likely trained by US Army SF 




 or a chinaman 




 That's a dangerous game he's playing 




 hey look, it's bulger's actual weapons stash....what's that one over on the right...
http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/06/14/article-2341237-1A4FA8BB000005DC-63_634x752.jpg 




 Actually a fairly nice, uncommon handgun. I'm gonna guess stolen from some old dude. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abnormal_posturing#Decerebrate

likely has a severe brain injury 




 Heeellllllllll YEaaa! Right ON Mothafucker! *Spits tobacco and shoots gun in air 




 Hopefully his accomplices get convicted of felony murder 




 And there has been a similar or greater amount of of islamic violence in the USA since 9/11. The marathon, the dc snipers, fort hood, several beheadings, a shooting at a recruiting center, a shooting at an airport terminal. The only difference is there are far, far fewer muslims than christian men in the US. 




 their best weapon will always be a plastic jug full of fertilizer 




 Meh, you're using a outlier to dispute another more significant outlier. While the definition of "terror attack" can widely be disputed, assuming it means politically motivated violence against civilian targets, other than the big two (OKC and 9/11) there is a pretty wide variety of people responsible for the worst terrorism in US history. From puerto rican nationalists, anarchists, left wing activists, anti civil -rights groups, to radical islamists. 




 This is what people don't fucking get. Real security is virtually impossible if people don't care too much about dying or killing civilians. In afghanistan we sent out ambush patrols, we had 24/7 overwatch from multiple posts, we had night vision, we had thermals. We had a 300 foot tall tower with an automated camera capable of zooming for miles, seeing in the dark, and tracking your heat signature. We had drones with the same capabilities. Illiterate farmers still managed to plant devices that cost 10 dollars that were capable of destroying million dollar vehicles within 300m of our base on multiple occasions without getting caught. People need to just deal with the fact that there is a 1 in 10,000,000 chance that some nutjob will kill them. 




 Or someone could just slam their car into the line of people waiting to get through a checkpoint. That would probably kill more people than the Tsarneavs. 




 In my mind the debate is pretty much past now, Davis says. The cats out of the bag. 

What a fucking little cocksucking traitor. I think all boston cops should have to wear a camera and gps 24/7 from the day they graduate the academy until the day I they die considering they have expanded authority and privileges during that period. 




 Well considering the so called "threat" is from people that generally don't mind getting blown up I'd say it is theater in terms of its stated purpose. This is just to keep you and I in line. Besides, it's for your own protection! CLUMP CLUMP CLUMP 




 Yes, you are over reacting 




 The whole comment about their kind not being welcome around there made me do a little checking. It looks like Live Oak is about 30% black with most of the black residents concentrated around the town center and a small housing development in the west part of town. This hispanic residents seem to be concentrated in a trailer park in the east of town. The whites seem to mostly inhabit the rural area around the town. The motel appears to be in a very sparsely populated part of this rural area. 




 Can you prove he was shooting civilians? 




 Whenever you see an ISIS group hug you know a boom is coming 




 I agree in principal that the united states should have taken responsibility to provide military personnel sufficient to meet their operational needs, someone decided contractors were more cost effective, I don't pretend to know if they were correct. I see nothing wrong with hiring mercenaries so long as they follow the rules of engagement. Four of the thousands of people blackwater has employed didn't and are now in jail. 




 and then the guys that did that went to jail 




 Arrest a religious leader (murderer) Enrage his followers (radical islamist militia) Kill civilians (yea, good thing the Mahdi Army never did that) Fire over their heads (well that's trying) Mow them down (yea, thats what you do in a war)

 




 It's a coping mechanism.  




 When contractors, Blackwater especially, kill civilians, it's usually always deliberate

source? 




 "Tens, big maybe" You have absolutely nothing to base that on. "They killed first and got a response" Yes, in life things tend to go back and forth like that and "right" often happens to depend mostly on which side you're on. I strongly encourage you to go live in Iraq with the good guys. 




 And if you stand next to a guy shooting at someone, don't be surprised if you get shot. 




 more like "real combat everybody" In real life professional grunts generally don't cry about killing badguys. 




 And I have no qualms about them shooting insurgents, funny how that works. 




 When thousands of people are shooting at you and trying to break into the building you are protecting they cease to be "protestors" and get shot....sorry 




 My point is that because some members of a particular organization did something terrible doesn't make every person who was ever a member of that organization evil. This video was taken during a major offensive by the mahdi army involving thousands of fighters. There is no reason to believe they are shooting at civilians. 




 well no shit, contracting is a dangerous job http://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/Images/2011/12/15/2011121511501294734_8.jpg 




 he's not 




 This was the first day of Al Sadr's offensive in Najaf and less than a week after the iraqis burned four blackwater guys and hung them from a bridge so it is pretty likely they were engaging insurgents. The incident in the news was different guys over three years later. 




 5.56 
























 and if you're a male......you don't really want to deal with women that feel this way because they are flaky and irrational. We're not talking about an isolated area here.....going to the coffee shop with a stranger is something you probably do every day already. Had a much better time on dates with girls who were willing to show up with minimal BS. Been dating one for nearly 3 years. 




 Who said fuck about a relationship? A date. Any reasonably attractive woman will have orders of magnitude more messages online than an equally attractive male, even in Boston. Also...why does college/post-grad matter? Maybe someone is being too choosy. There are supposedly 1.09 single women per 1 single man in Boston....hardly an overwhelming ratio. Go into virtually any bar this weekend and you'll see guys taking on much worse odds.  




 I'm going to be very blunt. If you are female and have failed at online dating you're probably not that attractive. Sorry, truth hurts, work on improving attractiveness.

If you're male and have failed at online dating, you may be unattractive OR you're doing it wrong. Don't chat with women. Exchange one message and then start pushing to meet in person. If they "want to chat to get to know you" DO NOT waste your time. There is an inverse relationship between the number of pre-date messages and your chance of sex. Also, try to go after women that aren't originally from the Boston area. Much more likely to be friendly and not crazy. 









 Right up Abe Simpson's alley
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_QwHxZ-bJ4 t=0m6s 




 Turn in your brother who killed 17 people including young women? I would.  




 "Be careful about the hospital you go to- Memorial is a teaching hospital. You may not know if you have a doctor or a student, and there have been horror stories. Try St. Vincents. Its close to everything and they actually know what they're doing."

they're BOTH teaching hospitals.....ya know, like MGH, BWH, Hopkins, Mayo, the Cleveland Clinic.... 




 I played Chutes and Ladders with some 7th Day Adventists once. Never Again. 




 Personally, I can't wait to leave 









 one of Moe Syzlack's best lines 




 This movie will offend people 




 OMG YES  




 yea, Marine Corps 




 It depends who you are. You have to keep you head shaved (or high and tight if your seniors are nice) until you deploy. After that you can get a medium reg and maybe a low reg depending on your command. SNCOs, corpsmen, and officers get a lot more latitude. 




 http://www.cnn.com/2015/07/16/us/tennessee-naval-reserve-shooting/index.html 









 i think you missed my sarcasm 




 Shooter's graduation per mom's facebook :https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=186192644855039 set=pb.100003929156418.-2207520000.1437081426. type=3 theater

mugshot of shooter: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CKEJNoCWEAEjXR_.jpg 




 http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/wp-content/uploads/isis-chattanooga.jpg 




 agree, also really, ridiculously, good-looking 




 Shooter ID'd as Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez.....let's not jump to any conclusions 




 ISIS linked twitter account: https://twitter.com/K_H_O77777777/status/621734561228177408 




 "pork chop platoon" 




 he was raped by a gun :( 




 remove toilet paper after the shitting begins 




 I kept firearms in my dorm room in college. There was no state law against it. Never had a problem. 




 WRONG 




 Do you feel poor in St. Paul? You will feel poor in Boston on 39k a year, especially for two people. How happy are you with St. Paul/Minni? Lots of people in Boston have an over inflated sense of their city's awesomeness. Boston is a great city, one of the best in the country, but it isn't the fantastic fairy fantasyland of fun some would have you believe. 




 they were both wrong 




 fair enough, my point was that what is and what should be are often not the same in mass....especially with regard to firearms - got arrested in highschool for having a watergun 




 go walk through DTX with a gun in your belt and see if you get detained 




 "how many do you think you personally killed?"

"Well, I dunno, hard to say, at least 40 or 50"

damn....the reporters and grunts keepin it real 




 he'd lose....they've been stoping people when they see a gun in the waistband since the beginning of time and I don't see those charges getting dismissed 




 They could technically charge him with possession of a large capacity feeding device as well....that's another 5 years 




 The rounds are made from real bullet brass cases, in mass this is legally ammunition and he IS guilty. He is facing 2 years in prison for the ammunition charge alone. "Common sense" gun control. 




 I like this guy 




 no 




 UPDATE: Victim has died, hopefully this young lady spends the rest of her life in the cage where she belongs. 




 ITT: Racist comments aren't racist so long as I like the person saying them more than the intended target 




 why do we care if they fired some random person? I know I don't 




 "prosecute them to the fullest extent" .....for what....putting up posters? 




 I went to a similar college and almost everyone didn't like it. Do girls really want guys in there while they take a loud, stinky shit? Do guys want to wait forever while girls piss instead of a 10 second trip to the urinal. Classic PC bullshit that makes the vast majority suffer to accommodate a few whiners.  




 that place fucking sucks but seems to have a cult following, as stated elsewhere, Blue Nile is 100x better 




 this is the right answer 




 Politically correct bullshit...read DSM-V it is pretty fucking clear that being trans means you are suffering from an abnormal mental condition and they replaced "disorder" with "dysphoria" to avoid hurting feelings "Part of removing stigma is about choosing the right words" in fact "concerned that removing the condition as a psychiatric
diagnosisas some had suggestedwould jeopardize access to care" if there is no disorder....why is care needed? 




 Id rather the mentally ill get over themselves....no one is preventing them from using the bathroom...this isn't an access issue as in your other examples, this is "I want to use the bathroom I'm comfortable in, fuck everyone else"  




 classic case of "lets make 1000 people less comfortable to make 1 person (with a mental disorder) more comfortable 




 Potluck.....this is something my friends an I still do....for some reason it seems alien to many young people 




 yea I'm off to the jewish cemetery with some spray-paint to really show hitler who's boss 




 clearly their civil disobedience plan didn't actually extend to real disobedience because they stopped as soon a cop told them to....so they decided to improvise and make dumb situation dumber... 




 A False Flag you say?? 




 Actually it was just liberals looking to cause trouble or "raise awareness" or something http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2015/06/29/confederate-flag-monument-was-meant-honor-black-regiment/z3l7FKHHy9pmlUxhcK0dqK/story.html 




 wrong. OP was assigned to a failed US Cavalry outpost but fell in love with a Native American woman and ended up joining the tribe. The poncho given to him on their wedding night is all he has left to remember her after the tribe was forced to flee by his relief party. 




 I'm sorry this place isn't enough of an echo chamber 




 [Alex Minsky](http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1199704/thumbs/o-ALEX-MINSKY-900.jpg?15) is a Marine who lost a leg in Afghanistan and does lots of modeling....don't know your price point or his 




  "fuck off and mind your own business, bro."

from someone playing quidditch 




 no, you will be fine 




 They'll always be Jimmies to me 




 to divide people 




 I'll say it again: Looks like Dylann Roof's actions are having the desired effect 




 Looks like Dylann Roof's actions are having the desired effect 




 he won't do a day in gen pop 




 good 




 *camel 




 do we though? 




 Definitely, it only has 6K US troops listed 




 "just say no" gets a lot of flack but... 




 Perhaps it is parked on some side-street with a window knocked out...cop sees it, goes "hmm, suspicious" and runs the plate. Plate comes back not stolen so he moves on. 




 While car thefts are rare in the city they DO happen. What kind of car? Did you leave a spare key inside? 




 maybe you'd be happier in North Korea 




 nah, still know how to lock my shit have sex...get on that 




 I remember college 




 wait, you had access to a gun and you didn't shoot your peers? 




 If this is your worst experience with a police officer you need to get more life experience 




 uh, more than that 




 thats more like how ww2 got started 




 won't somebody please think of the children!!?? 




 well we do pay them more, give them plenty of meaningless lip service, provide them with a much safer working environment, allow them to work at will, give them more time off, and we don't make snarky remarks about them when they die....but less monuments 




 I remember college 




 *nations that are expecting to have to win a war at some point in the future 




 did you know retroactive prayer improved outcomes in patients with blood infections?
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC61047/ 




 well....he is 




 who are you going to send to fight for some rocks? 




 its also just waiting for a white male to take her class, get a poor grade, and call discrimination 




 I didn't touch any of those resources until my Step 1 study time and I did fine. That said...I sort of wish I had. They cleared up a lot of stuff that I had been confused about for a while....especially pathoma. 




 I did a NBME followed by 3 blocks on Uworld a few days before the real thing. Good way to get an idea what it feels like. Test day you will be less burnt out but more frenzied. 




 Let's hope the crew and passengers are OK 




 I like this, very simple, specific, and true 




 man, I'm sure the managers at McDicks Parkstreet and Central Sq locations don't get paid enough 




 Been following that case for a long time. Whole thing sounds dirty as fuck. Hopefully they don't try to try him again. 




 I'm gonna go with training too. Otherwise why not burn the jeep? 




 the real one and I bet I've been in more gunfights than you 




 strangely enough the homicide rate has fallen significantly since concealed carry permits have become widely available.

Have you been to the USA? I work in a hospital and I've never seen a gunshot wound. I've never known someone who was a victim of a violent crime. The "gun violence" problem in America is *cough* unique to certain groups. http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/figures/m6227a1f3.gif 




 no, jumping and beating random strangers is psychotic, defending yourself by any means necessary is nature 




 maybe, but 20 people randomly jumping on you could already mean you're gonna die. I'd rather kill a couple and hope the rest come to their senses. 




 You can get one in plenty of towns (specifically towns that are mostly white) 




 not that dangerous, lots of rights 




 one of my favorite parts about being american is not having to give a fuck what anyone else thinks 




 I agree that it doesn't really make sense. Id guess it mostly has to do with the concern that some soccer mom is gonna flip a shit 




 personal defense/constitutional rights 




 Shall issue- they have to give you a permit if you meet requirements
May issue- they can give you a permit if you meet requirements (comes down to some officials personal opinion about you)
No issue- no one gets a permit (except cops)
No permit- just carry your gun, no need for a permit 




 if you look at it from satellite it says "SEX" 




 and this is why you wear your helmet in tactical vehicals 




 yea, they tried that. It's called Haiti. 





























