 The house that bad storytelling built.  




 Nicholson's Wolf, he gets turned in Vermont. 

I Am Legend the last human city is in Vermont. 

The Shining, Nicholson had worked in Vermont (I might have the detail wrong on this one). 

Those are some less obvious ones. Of course there's the Bob Newhart show and Me Myself and Irene.  




 Heh. I do SEO and reputation management for a living, and have been watching this for a while now. I advice clients on how to handle these things, and it was a good move. Of course my advice also includes to be more humble, transparent, and honest in communication. I wonder if he got that message too.  




 This looks really fricken cool. Anybody know anything about Kupa? I've never heard if them 




 There's a post to r/tablets about one by Kupa that fits your description. Great stats including 8gb of RAM, removable battery, and modules to add other items. 

 




 I'm wishing the best for you.  




 Cluster headaches. 

Fuck that shit.  




 This.  




 Sorry to hear about your struggles. Sounds like you have a lot on your mind currently. Make sure you are doing something good for yourself.  




 My marriage is falling apart. 

But really looking forward to the next Star Trek! 




 I'm not in front of my computer, so this is from my failing memory. You have to click browse (or something like that) where it allows you to search for either games in progress or lobbies. At that point there's an option to open a new lobby. 

Hope that helps.  




 When in the lobby as the leader, edit settings and change server to local.  




 Worst dialogue ever, that's why.  




 Minor detail.  




 Can you post link when done? I'm at ikea now so can't watch yet.  




 Can't argue with that.  




 It's kinda like saying you worship Christ, but Satan is your second god.  




 Hey I do too! It'll be nice to see all the Patriots fans squirming in their seats at work. They always seem to feel their the only team that deserves to win. I'm sure they will be blaming the refs. 

 




 We saw butt fumble, now we have the ref tackle.  




 My understanding is heat death is like the Big Crunch (opposite of Big Bang) and cold death is when energy speeds to far for significant heat, thus freezing everything. 

Mr Nye? 




 Tom, is that you? 




 I believe that the leading theory is that the universe will either end with cold death, or it will continue as-is, and heat death has been eliminated as a possibility.  




 Fuck the Patriots.  




 Just change one letter, be project herpes.  




 Use Firefox, search for a YouTube downloader in the add-on section.  




 I live in New England. I started watching football when Marino was the man and took the team to the Super Bowl. Watching him was a lot of fun, and became a fan. I was about 9 years old.  




 Super good movie.  




 It doesn't hurt me.  Have I finally found my super power? 




 I third this. We should shoot for quality.  




 So the empty seats look nicer on TV.  




 I see what you did there.  




 He's never had a top defense. He's over rated.  




 I'll check out superuser, thanks. ID rather not go through all the re-encoding hassle for this many films though.  




 Thanks, I'll check the codecs. I have a feeling those are fine as it starts to play often then just stops, but I'll see. Good to know yours works. What do you use to rip blu-rays? 




 I have the first Asus Transformer, but it won't play, or crashes, when I try to play some of the larger movie files I have (1.5 - 4gb, generally .mp4), which are obviously often HD.

What tablet specs should I look for in determining if it can play these files? Any specific recommendations?

Thanks Reddit!
Endif 




 Are you forgetting about the Fourth Kind? 




 I consider it horror, and definitely my favorite. 

Also like The Ring, and Blair Witch Project.  




 Too bad. I think the series could be a lot of fun with a better director.  




 I don't want to be an Ireland defender, but let me give it a shot.

McCown was 2008, which Parcells was in charge of. Feel free to disagree, but if we are going to evaluate Ireland I feel like the last 2 years are the ones to look at.

When I look at last year's draft, I think it may end up being one of the best that any team had in 2012, especially considering rookie free agents.

Here's why. Our picks:
1st Round  Ryan Tannehill (QB, Texas A M)
2nd Round  Jonathan Martin (OT, Stanford)
3rd Round  Olivier Vernon (DE, Miami)
3rd Round  Michael Egnew (TE, Missouri)
4th Round  Lamar Miller (RB, Miami)
5th Round  Josh Kaddu (OLB, Oregon)
6th Round  B.J. Cunningham (WR, Michigan State)
7th Round  Kheeston Randall (DL, Texas)
7th Round  Rishard Matthews (WR, Nevada)

So we had 4 draft picks as solid contributors this year (Tannehill, Martin, Vernon, Miller). That looks pretty good!

Add Lane and Thigpen and that's 6 solid rookie players in one off-season.

I think you will be hard pressed to find many teams that got 6 starters from the draft. If I compare this draft to an Ozzie Newsome one, who I think is great, the Ravens best draft may have been 2008 where they got Joe Flacco, Ray Rice, and Tom Zbikowski (now with the Colts). That's 3 players out of 10 picks. I don't know who their rookie free agents were, but we know those are rare anyway. The rest of the Ravens picks aren't even on their team anymore, just Flacco and Rice. Two important pieces and that's a successful draft.

I guess what I'm saying is that I think Ireland has become the fall guy, and people have really high expectations in a draft (most guys don't work out, just a fact). I wanted Ireland fired after 2011, but the more I thought about it, the more I feel he really does deserve to continue. Parcells is the guy we should be mad at, he didn't pick a good coach or QB, so we were doomed. Now Ireland is in charge, and so far so good. Let's just hope it continues.

Anyway, agree to disagree I guess.  




 Lol, decaf!

You just said he sucked the whole time, so what do you expect in return? A second rounder for a guy you readily admit sucked (your word) sounds like we got the better end of the deal.  I'll take that deal every day. 

And I haven't down voted any of your posts or comments (that i am aware of) and am willing to make that public to prove it. 

Deep breath now!

 




 Blocked in US.  




 I'm still happy with the trade. A 2nd rounder is good.  




 She's a girl. Even if a reason were given it would be impossible to truly understand. And in typical female fashion, she kills you for not understanding. 

You must not be married for asking such a question.  




 I'm pretty sure that's Fred Savage.  




 No. Think players, not plays.  




 Food court seman surprise.  




 The Virgin Mary. 

 




 Serenity now! 




 Fuck the Jets.  




 Agreed. The drafts Parcells lead sucked, Ireland hasn't done poorly, deserves to continue. Change there now would be bad.  




 Damn you Binns! 




 Cause fuck you fist pumper.  









 I'm still watching. Hate not watching.  




 Fuck the scheduler! Fuck his wife! Fuck his daughter! 




 Boobs are never wrong.  




 Looks like tannehill's wearing a goddamn parka.  




 While we're at it let's fuck his wife too.  




 Agreed that this one is better.  




 Totally agree. Look at the stands of the away games and you'll see teal 13s throughout. 

We are here. 
We are hungry. 
We are not all in Miami. 
We are not all willing to spend hundreds to see a game until you prove we will consistently have a shot at winning.  




 It's going to be a tough year. We better be ready.  




 Whatever...

GIRLY MAN! 




 I thought he did well for his first game, but not like I concentrated on him. 

Smith, Marshall, and him...then add a rook and our secondary may be decent. 

Honestly, with even a slightly better secondary we may have made the playoffs this year, they were burned repeatedly.  




 For me it's the tail that makes it look like a whale. It isn't terrible, but needs some tweaking.  




 A moment of revelation. An exciting discovery. The urge to share.  









 gone. 




 There's a sequel too.  














 well that was easy. got it set up in just a couple minutes. thanks! 




 It looks like it does support dynamic dns, but only from one provider and there is an associated cost.

Do you know of a free script? The IP sometimes changes during the day, so one that would email every time that happens would be awesome.

Thanks,
Endif 




 Hi Reddit techsupport,

Here's the challenge I've got. I occasionally connect to my home laptop from my iphone using VNC when I'm at work, so obviously I need to know my home laptop's IP address. 

Unfortunately, my crappy backwoods DSL connection occasionally restarts, and then I get a new IP.

Is there any way to set something up so I always know my home laptop's IP, even when not there?

Appreciate any assistance.
Endif

home laptop:
Sager; Windows 7 









 I Am Legend HD 




 I don't believe that I bought a 5gb hard drive in 1998 for $500. I'm so stupid, if I just waited I could have gotten a 500gb for $60. 

Buying computer parts has ruined my life.  




 I just ripped a couple films. Worked well, and easy. Quality is acceptable.  




 My condolences.  




 Old thread but thought I'd comment. 

As someone with a lot of hours, it's a very strategic game that can be ruined by inexperienced players. I'm not a fan of kicking, however, if you don't communicate and try to follow instructions you probably will be kicked. But it does depend on who you are playing with. Tell people you are new and listening, they should give you a chance.  
























 Thanks for the tips. You are all awesome. 




 I assumed if they had milkshakes they would be tiny and pricey? True fact? 




 And don't say a fast food place like McDonald's.

I'm craving... 




 Do you think this might rebound in the future? Is it worth holding if you stepped away and came back to see 50% hit? 




 Still in AVEO? Target PPS? 




 In that case we would have this thread all over again.  




 To each their own. I find these movies unwatchable.  




 Yeah, to say he didn't get over the courting of Harbaugh is juvenile and shows he doesn't take responsibility for his portion. 

Not saying Sparano was a great couch, just saying Ross should not have tried to hire a guy for a filled position. 




 Miami has 104, 106, 109 tomorrow. fast and furious.

they got 106 and 109 for their 2nd 3rd round pick. 




 any idea what we got? 




 I think it's coming up
...

shit actually don't know. 




 I love Incognito. I'd like to see him and Rex in the octagon. I'd pay good money for that. 




 I'm drunk, so there's that.

Mayock likes him. 




 Well there's a tackle. I don't know shit about him, but 2nd rounder he must be decent. 




 He's their best player at this point. 




 If Geno Smith or Tebow start you will still have your chance. 









 but they aren't smart...so...starting QB week 1...Jamarcus Russell.

Write it down. 




 eh, not worth the time. 




 seriously, don't help him! 




 that would be as good as a wet dream.

Sanchez, Tebow, Garrard, Smith...let's see what a complete fuckmess they can make this team 




 and I would have deserved it. 




 Mike Mayock looks disgusted on NFL Network :)

Asked about who is started QB week 1 he said "I have no idea what's going on". When a guy that good at what he does says that...it's good to be a Fins fan! 




 First, I hate the fucking Jets. But I'm starting to feel sorry for some of their players, like Geno. Damn they are fucked. Can a team lose 20 games in a year? 




 nuff said. 




 I have a friend who can't seem to get movies on his One. He plugs it into his computer and copy/pastes to the movies folder and then a message comes up that it's "converting". The battery (even though it's plugged in) drains before it finishes (about 2gb mp4).

First, why converting?

Second, the transfer should not take hours.

Anyone else tried to put a movie on? 




 and the jets didn't get better. trade revis for milliner...yeah, not better. 




 What a terrible movie description. 




 we got a deal 




 the giants won superbowls because of great pass rush 




 love it. crush brady. I know everyone wants secondary or OT, but a great pass rush can mask a weak secondary (though i'd say our secondary is slightly improved), and if we're quick to get rid of the ball our offense will be fine.

oh, and fuck the jets. 









 too bad, want to see it. 




 Reload damnit! 




 Factor in the cost of Internet access. With cable you are paying for that access as well, so netflix is a bit more expensive to you than just their fee.  




 Every down vote from a jets fan is a badge of honor. 

Keep 'em coming you low-life fucktards! 




 You heard the man, to the boobs! 




 First post? Check. 
Female? Check. 
Hawk? Check. 

To the front page... 




 Awesome, thank you! Seems likely enough! 









 Amazon Instant Video tops my list.  




 Any one else notice the influx of "church planters" the past 5 years? I have met a few that moved here recently to start churches and neighborhood prayer groups. Literally, that's what they moved here for, with their families, and no jobs...just took whatever job they could get. 

Things like that can end up upsetting a community. Let's hope we stay open.  




 Add me: Endif

I've played survival in the past, mostly scavange now. Play mostly at 9pm eastern.  




 Figures ...

I appreciate the info though, probably saved me some cash. 
 




 I have not tried that (wasn't slow from the "get-go"). Have you found that to be helpful? 




 The Nexus 10 is more than twice as much ($250 vs. $560 for the 32gb). Otherwise I'd make the jump. I'd like something more affordable with a great screen that won't shit the bed in a few months like the first Asus Transformer (still works but is just about as slow as you can get). 




 It seems like this is a great tablet from the specs, the only shortcoming being the 8gb of storage, though it accepts microsd cards for more.

I'm looking for a tablet with a great display for primarily watching movies, and I want access to the Play store (hence not the Kindle), though I will likely only install a few apps. Is there something I'm missing with this one? Seems super cheap.

Stats from Amazon and link for reference:
- Super HD definition with up to 2048 x 1536 pixels resolution
- 9.7" capacitive 10x multitouch capacitive IPS display
- Google certified with full access to the Google Play Store and its 700.000 apps to download
- Aluminium back casing
    Front and back cameras with autofocus mode (2   5 MP)

http://www.amazon.com/Archos-Titanium-Tablet-Android-Storage/dp/B00B0C8UOU/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1364297943 sr=8-1 keywords=archos+97+titanium+hd 




 the 3d makes this messed up. 




 Nope, false alarm.  




 I need to give it time...let it sink in.  




 They will be so bad they find a way to go 0-20 




 When he fucks Giselle he thinks about Wes. You know it's true.  




 Yeah, he'll really help the Pats for 8 games next year.  




 Thanks for the context. Love Philbin so far! 




 I'm lost. What is this in reference to?  




 Overthrowing isn't always the quarterback's fault. I've seen plenty of passes by Big Ben where he just heaved the ball and Wallace just ran to get it. 

The Dolphins didn't have a guy who could do that before.  




 Agreed. That's the worst ting about the movies subreddit.  




 The answer is 'no'. 

It's what everyone wants but will never be provided. Oh the ability to just buy a movie and watch it on any device and without an Internet connection! What a dream!

This is why people still download illegally. It is literally easier to steal the content than to pay for it. Major content providers may never learn.  




 Nice, thanks! 




 Anyone have links to videos of "pros" playing Scavange? In games I occasionally hear people talk about them but have yet to find any online.  




 Have you tried changing your aliases? 




 Acting sure doesn't look like much fun anymore.  




 Smoke. 

Weapon. 

Flying debris. 

Yep, poster for action flick! 




 I did this. I'm ashamed of myself now :( 




 All Star Wars. 

All Lord of the Rings. 

All Kill Bill. 

Bring on the down votes.  




 This.  




 Came to see the girlfriend. Was not disappoint.  




 That list is laughable. Don't quit your day job! 




 I've been reading comments, and it's interesting to read other perspectives. 

I admit I could be wrong (time will tell) but I don't see the pistol as a fad. I never thought the wildcat would last, and it hasn't, but the pistol is a much different threat and harder to defend. With the pistol you actually have someone who can throw the ball involved, rather than a Ronnie Brown who didn't offer much threat there. 

If I were to select an offense, I wouldn't utilize the pistol much for the same reason others said, injuries. RG3 is amazing, but I think his career will be limited by injuries. Wilson and Kaper might hold up better though. 

We'll see! 




 Sure, not exactly their offense but it sure has helped other teams (WAS, SEA, SF). Does Tanney have what it takes?  




 49ers because for some reason Ray Lewis gets an absolute free pass for possibly murdering someone. He's talked about like a god and no commentators bring this up. He can choke on a dick. 

Fuck the Jets.  




 Looks like nothing but black screen.  




 I have that same calendar. I hate to say it, but that calendar reinforced to me how depleted our roster is (I blame Parcells). 

Also, why the hell is Vontae Davis in the calendar when he left before September? They didn't keep track of trades before the season! 




 It's photos like this that make me feel we have totally lost our minds.  




 "If you find pussy for less anywhere else...fuck it."

For my pimp interview.  




 Curious about this too, especially since it's also a Kubrick film. 




 And ours played better this year.  




 10 million?  He's shooting high as a negotiation tactic. Like the guy, but he just isn't worth it.  




 And cover the shit with pennies.  


































 It's pretty easy for people to say "resign", but difficult to do.

It sounds like your boss is aware of your position on this, make sure that others are as well. Leaders in the organization need to understand the impact (potential consequences) of the strategy, and ideally know that you are not a proponent of it, though still see you as a team player since you are moving forward with it per instructions.

You may have to work around your boss to achieve the above, but the greater good is the organization and not your boss' ego. Help your boss understand that your concern is the success of the business, and it isn't anything personal. 




 Not Mama. 




 He's a dick.  




 ELI5 




 I want to see this acted out by Monty python.  




 *Sigh.* 




 I'd love a statue (specifically looking for one of Thoth) for my home, but what I've been able to find online are generally very small (a few inches) or just outrageously priced (IMHO).

Do you know of any places online where you can buy ~4' (feet) statues? Wood is fine with me, not looking for marble or anything like that.

Thanks.
Endif 




 What's the sound quality like? Say 1 of these stuck to a cup vs portable speakers. A d how does it stick? 




 NSA. Just doing my job.  




 Isn't this common in the ONE? And, what are you doing in this thread? 




 You can buy my condo. The mortgage for my 2 bdrm condo would end up being about half of what you would pay in rent. Then you could rent out one of the rooms and essentially pay nothing -- that's what I did for years.

PM me if interested. 




 So you are saying that homeless = alcoholic?

Look, games like this can be played all day. Let it go, it's a nice day out. 




 What game types do you play? 




 Thanks everybody! 




 Keep that little story to yourself, mkay? 




 Yeah the bad part is you have to take care of the shit for 18 years.  




 Pween, say it ain't so! You didn't seem that way in-person! 




 I've searched around but not finding much that really helps explain what someone who contacted me is trying to do, at least in a way that I understand. 

I am selling my condo and I got a call from an investment company (supposedly at least) saying they were interested in my property. She asked if we were to come to an agreed upon selling price if I would be willing to have them take on the mortgage payments. 

I told them I didn't understand what they were trying to do and would need more information, and she said she would arrange for the investor to contact me (I got the investor's name and she works at a local university, so I'm not sure how legit this is if she still holds a "regular" job). 

Any idea what this is? Sounds like bad news to me, but I'm not a mortgage expert.  




 Lol. By "community" I meant Burlington, not Reddit.

I'm gonna just leave this. I don't have the energy nor the desire to help you with your issues. 




 Wow. How do you think you come across reading your own post?

This is the Internet, even better it's Reddit. Let's not take it too seriously. 

As someone who has met Pween, he's a nice guy. Many others would have told the homeless guy to F off, but Pween shared what he had with him. Let's not vilify someone we share a community with for crap on Reddit.  




 Freelance what? 




 Helping retailers advertise online? Dealer.com has some openings right now that you might be qualified for. 

careers.dealer.com 




 That's a business plan right there!

Am I the only one old enough to remember that theatre? We called it the "cheap seats" because it was 1 dollar for a ticket, and the head lice were free.  




 A rotisserie chicken wrapped in a Hannaford plastic bag -- no, it wasn't still in its container. 

He was a nice guy.  




 Damn, why all the down votes for such a nice post? 




 How you doin'? 




 #1's stomach photoshoped? 




 User name is Endif. What's yours? 




 That's enough from you.  




 :(

I don't understand why a company would refuse to provide the service someone is paying for. I wish I could just switch. 




 The answer is a bit personal for Reddit actually. 




 They don't serve my neighborhood :( 




 This morning my download speed was .05mb. Congestion, equipment, whatever. The fact that Fairpoint's DSL has been this way for years in parts of Burlington without it being addressed is the issue. 




 Yeah I heard all of those from the Burlington area Fairpoint "support". I wonder if it's bad in other places.  




 Right now they've got me. For reasons not in my control I cannot switch. Since they refuse to actually fix the problem I left with trying to call attention to their poor service. 

YouTube next with a video of a speed test. Lets see if I can get some of these posts to rank in Google! 




 a different edit/version of the movie for the Chinese market. 




 For years Fairpoint DSL has been unacceptably slow, and calling Fairpoint tech support or customer service doesn't actually ever fix the issue. They say restart the modem, yadda yadda yadda, but the speeds never get better.

On one occasion someone said that it's due to equipment on the street and that it would be upgraded, but that was 3 years ago...

Speed Tests (note that the screenshots show they were completed over wifi, so you can ignore the 3g at the top, I was on 3g when taking the screenshots and uploading to imgur since the wifi is useless):

http://i.imgur.com/POTetIi.png

http://i.imgur.com/felkktP.png

http://i.imgur.com/ERw83xn.png

Fairpoint isn't providing a service that they are being paid to. 




 For years Fairpoint DSL has been unacceptably slow, and calling Fairpoint tech support or customer service doesn't actually ever fix the issue. They say restart the modem, yadda yadda yadda, but the speeds never get better.

On one occasion someone said that it's due to equipment on the street and that it would be upgraded, but that was 3 years ago...

Speed Tests (note that the screenshots show they were completed over wifi, so you can ignore the 3g at the top, I was on 3g when taking the screenshots and uploading to imgur since the wifi is useless):

http://i.imgur.com/POTetIi.png

http://i.imgur.com/felkktP.png

http://i.imgur.com/ERw83xn.png

Fairpoint isn't providing a service that they are being paid to. 




 I think it's what allows PC players and Xbox players to play together.  




 An improvement to the AI would be very nice.  




 how about and advanced race put us in cages and treat us like sex slaves?

oh the irony that would be! 




 I'm interested as well! 




 Almost eryday.  




 I am anticipating selling it for more than what I paid. I've owned it for 10 years. 

Thanks for the advice. 




 Was a rental, and I don't *think* I was doing any depreciations...guy who does my taxes didn't say anything like that at least. 




 Rental, no improvements. 




 I appreciate the attempt to make me smile! Unfortunately this has been a tough one for both of us...neither of us are happy about it but it seems the only thing left. 




 Thanks, that was informative, I didn't know that.

Unfortunately I haven't lived there at all the past 5 years :( I take it it's all tax then... 




 Hi all,

I own a condo and am going through a divorce. I have an ok amount of equity in the condo, so what I'd like to do is sell it in order to pay my ex a lump sum which would reduce the amount of alimony I pay per month.

My understanding is if I sell the condo I'll take a big tax hit unless I put that money back into a place to live. Is there some work-around where if you sell property but the money goes to alimony you don't take that hit?

I appreciate any help.
train_subject4065 




 And proud of it. 




 I'm considering removing the popcorn ceiling in my condo, and it is painted (oil based paint I believe) so I'm very worried. 

Can you report back on how this went? What you did? Challenges/solutions? What worked? I'm super worried about what I'm getting into as I don't know how to do shit. 









 One Hour Photo 




 That would be the bee's knees. 




 I feel pretty stupid posting this here, but I need some help and I know there's plenty of local expertise here.

I need help from an accountant ASAP. I am now going through a divorce and need to know the best way to go with finances/alimony. I need info asap as my soon-to-be-ex wants to move quickly. I'm not asking for a hand-out, I'll pay the person, but really need 30-60 minutes of a professionals time as early as possible. Monday or Tuesday afternoon would be ideal.

Thanks,
Endif 




 Ok, who invited this guy? 




 I drove through Waterbury today. I'll add this to my list and ask for rerun84 :) 




 Wow thanks for all the suggestions! I have some touring to do :)

This might get down votes, but I'm not even looking for places with local beers, just want to go somewhere new and meet some cool people!

Thanks again! 




 Hi Vermont Redditors. 

I live in burlington and am familiar enough with the bars here, but thought it would be fun to visit some small town bars for a few drinks. 

So, any recommendations? Looking for bars with cool and chill people who wouldn't mind chatting with a Burlingtonian.  




 I remember it and commented on it. I thought it strange that I couldn't find it anymore either.  




 It's bad Photoshop by the seller. 




 No, it's Photoshoped (and not my house). The agent took a photo and covered up a bad spot in the floor by cutting/pasting a section of floor from another spot in the house. 




 I would watch that so hard.  




 LOL. You sound like one of the many many robots I spoke to. And it was a manager... 









 Not all the lights on planes blink. 

Wish I had seen it.  




 Your are a gentleman. Thank you for sharing. 




 Google io starts Wednesday where a new tablet is expected to be announced, at least what until then.  




 I've been in some very competitive public games.  




 I wish I recorded the conversation as it was hilariously bad. I purchased a cell phone and 5 days later still no communication from the seller (I've been emailing through ebay asking for updates), so I opened a case and called their "support" department to attempt to move the escalation date up -- since the seller hasn't communicated in 5 days I don't see the point in giving him 7 more days, which the case provides.

Anyway, the conversation with the "Manager" quickly escalated to him telling me "you're new to ebay, you don't know how it works" when I've been a member since 2001. He then berated me for not having much feedback "you only have 6 feedback, you don't know how this works". His tone was very much like bad parenting.

I have to admit I was laughing on the inside, but certainly not going to be using ebay again when you call for help from a non-responsive seller (I used paypal) and they literally make fun of you on the phone.

At the end I recommended customer service training for him, he didn't seem to like that. 




 They look at the hours you have played, if it's low and it's a competitive game they would rather a bot or take a chance on the next guy. 

I understand the frustration, but when in a competitive game someone who doesn't know the specific strategies is almost working for the opposing team.  




 Yeah, this happened when it was still up.  




 Tried 6 times to download and it stops every time. Even tried 2 different downloaders.  




 OMG what? 




 Happy birthday, wrathgrapes! 




 I know right! 




 Need, or want? Don't need any, but milkshakes really are the bees knees. 





























 Hi again,

Well now that I take a closer look I don't think it's an issue of space between the copper place and that copper tubing, but here are photos of the unit assembled, the GPU uncovered, and a side shot so you can see the space (or lackthereof) between that plate and tube.

http://imgur.com/a/cj4yy

Thanks for any help. 




 A small step for pope, a giant ... Aww fuck it, this is such horseshit from someone with a private jet who sits on golden chairs of opulence.  




 You are correct, sir. 




 I'll take a photo tomorrow, I really appreciate the help. 

When I had it on earlier and the case open, the metal plate on the GPU was hot (as in cook flesh in 1 second) and the heat sink by the fan was relatively cool. So possibly heat isn't transferring to that copper tube thingy.  




 Positive I did the GPU and not the CPU. 

The thermal paste was placed between the GPU and a copper plate. There is a plastic piece that surrounds the GPU on all sides that I wasn't expecting (note that it was not on top of the GPU though). 

I'm a little hesitant to get a picture because it means taking it apart again. How helpful would it be?

It seems very strange to me that it would even get that hot when not running something demanding. I even started windows in safe mode and ended up turning it off it got so hot.  




 A conversation first. One thing I'm learning, which I couldn't do in my marriage which lead to it ending, was effectively speak my feelings and stand up for myself without knocking my wife down. It's difficult managing a relationship. Sometimes I just think I'm not cut out for it. 




 That's sad, I feel for you. I'm recently divorced and know how bad things can feel. If you don't think she will say something nice to you it sounds like there are issues that need to be addressed.
 




 close. but really, can't we guess most films before seeing them? 




 It was a joke because of your use of "or". 




 Do we get to choose or is it like Let's Make a Deal? 




 Wow, that poor girl! Someone should move her out. 




 Well, thermal paste added and heat sinks cleaned up. The GPU still gets to 117c then shuts down, but I bought maybe 5-10 additional seconds before it reaches that temp. 

Any other ideas? 




 Yeah it's running. I have the case open so I can see it.  




 Thanks for the advice. I'll give that a shot.  




 Hi Reddit techsupport,

I have a 2 year old Sager laptop with a GeForce 460m graphics card. About 2 weeks ago it started acting strange and automatically shutting off. This started when I was playing L4D2 - when there was a big horde and lots of action it would start to stutter and then just shut off. At first I thought it was due to the similarly timed Steam update, that maybe it was more RAM demanding. 

Then I noticed how hot the machine was getting and downloaded speedfan to monitor temps while playing. The GPU would get to about 110c and then the stuttering starts and the laptop would shut down. 

Now I turn on my laptop and turn on speedfan and nothing else. In well under a minute (30 seconds maybe) the temp of the GPU gets to 117c and shuts down - and that's with having the laptop on its side with the bottom casing off for better ventilation. 

Obviously I don't have enough time to even download new drivers. 

Is this a thing with this GPU? What should I do? Given my recent divorce (not looking for sympathy) I can't afford to swap the chip. 

Typing on my phone so sorry for any typos. 

Any help is appreciated. 

train_subject4065 




  Moviepass

moviepass.com 




  moviepass

check out moviepass.com, if your theater takes Discover then moviepass should work. 




 I'm thinking about signing up for MoviePass (like $30/month and you get to go to unlimited number of movies, a few caveats of course) but I'm wondering if anyone has tried this in VT theaters, and if so how it went.

Theoretically it should work since it's just a Discover credit card, but you never know.

Thanks! 




 Tip: do humanity a favor and just leave now.  




 The rest of the world no longer exists. You are humanity's final hope. 

It is time for you to procreate.  




 A Real Doll.  




 Well, I love it. I can see why some feel it's "sterile" but I love that clean look.

I'd like to know the specific paint colors/base used for the walls and stairs. 




 I don't think anything like this leads to change.

There has to be a violent spark to start that fire. 




 You don't need a checking account to accept a check. 




 In this case, self hatred or alcoholism I suppose.  




 This. It's also available in the Amazon Android app store. 




 The fact that the reflection wasn't adjusted kind of ruins it. 




 Just looking at that my IBS is acting up! 



















 It's not that the U.S. isn't brutal enough, it's that the military is no longer needed to take another country. Capitalism and corporations do it for us. 




 Going through a divorce now myself. Your statement sounds like you're describing me. 

Good luck with everything, and sorry about your marriage.  




 You need to look up Dean Radin if you haven't already. He is a scientist seriously studying psychic phenomena. He has a few books.  




 Not me.  




 You aren't. I've asked people in-game and a couple others said the same. 
 




 Similar here but not that bad. I had to adjust video settings down to improve lag. Graphics don't look as good as they could but still very playable. Hopefully they'll fix. Contact their support on twitter.  




 It's down. 




 Say whaaaaaaaaaat? 




 Thanks for the info. Definitely see how things like the protein would've a lot.  




 Aww I liked the movie! I saw it in the theatre and thought it was good.  




 I just learned about soylent today and purchased a 1 week supply to try it. 

I am curious though, why couldn't this just be supplied and taken in pill form? Maybe I'm ignorant on the whole thing. I'm sure it would be a large number of pills, but you could take them throughout the day.  




 Have you tried craigslist? If you go to school there may be resources available to put you in touch with other students.  




 I suggest you take her to Guildhall.  

Only because, it rhymes with anal. 

In all seriousness though, anal is grande.  




 Glad you can enjoy it. Just not for me, too dark and sounds bad to me.  




 it's a cam rip, hence the utterly unwatachabilitynessesque of it. 




 The update seemed to mess up my video settings, still can't seem to get them right.  














 Scratch that off the list of places to visit.  









 Congratulations, happy for you both.

BTW, can't unsee the placement of the exclamation point. 




 Shit myself a little. 




 Anotha' Hans Zimma' 









 Probably the Chinese cut as well. 






































































































































 ah, wish I could help. I don't know what's available around there. I've heard of sovernet and vtel as providers, you could look them up. Not sure if Fairpoint serves there, but their service is hit-or-miss depending on where (ie. you exact house location relative to their equipment) you live. 




 depends on where you live. 




 Oh man...that worries me. If an offensive lineman isn't motivated by the guy lining up across from him bent on ripping apart the guy he's paid to protect then he'll never be motivated. No amount of money or yelling would do it. Change of scenery...well we'll see I guess. 




 This helps us how? Another mediocre guy for defenses to humiliate on their short journey to Tannehill. 




 Mike Sherman is not the problem.

1) Tannehill hands the ball to the Bills for a TD on the first drive, then fumbles for them in the 4th quarter when we had the lead.
2) Our o-line lets more guys in than a cheap hooker. Yesterday's "improved" o-line performance (measuring sacks) was a mask. Tannehill was able to buy more time by rolling out and we ran better, but they did not play better.

It's really easy to call out coaches as the problem, but you don't know what play was called, when Tannehill audibled out, how they prepared...do you expect Sherman to suit up and play tackle? Or run on the field and stop Tannehill's occasional bad decision? 




 I've been playing the game just fine on windows 8, but it constantly crashes on 8.1. Googling shows others with similar issues. 

Be warned.  




 Thanks for the suggestion, I'll take a look at Roku! 




 I want to get something to play digital movies I have on a hard drive on my TV (I've tried Plex through my blu-ray and for some reason it always craps out after about 45 minutes).

Any experience with the below? Other recommendations?

http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002XVBAKI/ref=s9_wish_gw_d98_g23_ir03?ie=UTF8 colid=3TQMIRNINX5I2 coliid=IOGBZQZWD5HFT pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER pf_rd_s=center-2 pf_rd_r=1XWC4QAXE16F4RCAR8MA pf_rd_t=101 pf_rd_p=1630072222 pf_rd_i=507846 




 Taking away from EMDs is speculation. After the most recent Penguin update I'm seeing multiple reports of EMDs rebounding. 




 I just had to totally furnish my place (divorce sad face). I found Willie D's to have good deals on some quality stuff.

Ashley Furniture too depending on your price range. 




 Latoya? 




 awesome! needs to be compiled into a wallpaper...maybe a project for the weekend. 




 Like farts? 




 Should have guessed it was you since the pose was so on. 

Definitely post your film! 




 Good job dude. I like your concept, and your hunter buddy has a great stance! 




 Where can I stream this with decent quality? 









 Such a good movie.  




 Awesome! Love to hear that! These players deserve that support. 




 I feel like the Phins have played better teams than the Pats (and we've been on the road), and with us both at 3-0 it'll be good to see how the Pats do against the Falcons next week. 

I'm sure the dirty birds will be pissed too. 




 Awesome to hear! I hope that all those people experiencing a great win will mean more will return for future games. 




 Ditto. I'm stuck in New England. If I was around Miami I'd have season tickets. 




 I haven't heard noise like that from the Dolphins stadium since Marino! 




 Cool! Please share your final! :) 




 Them holding hands makes it a bromance movie. 




 UVM alumn here. I drive by that spot often. Apparently not at the right times. 




 Been there. Confront him in public, in front of his friends. Be fearless.  




 1,2,3,4. You know what I mean.  




 Crappy quality.  




 Thanks for the detail! 




 Hi reddit.

I want to paint a wall in my new place and there are large screw holes (where material is actually protruding out) and a few holes that look like their were filled with some cement like material -- where the cement is not flush but again protruding out.

Pictures: http://imgur.com/a/kl8Iz

What's the best way to fix these? Probably a noob question, but I'm a noob to this kind of stuff.

Thanks for any help!

oh, and I'm in New England (U.S.) 




 Introduce yourself and ask people about themselves. Get them talking, people love talking about themselves. 

There's an expression that I use to my advantage "being interested is interesting".   




 It was called "Puppy Go Home." A card game I would play with my Dad where the rules would change based on the cards I had. I always won, go figure. 




 Good points.

As you were. 




 It's not against balance, you just may not understand the rest of the mod. Good players can dead stop a hunter (I can the majority of the time on standard servers), and great ones can cut a smoker's tongue before being wrapped in it (I have a tougher time with that one).

Play on evilmania's servers and you'll see what I mean. Infected teams can select the special infected they want to be (can't duplicate an infected without spending points that are collected by playing) and Survivors can purchase weapons or health. It's not for everyone, but if you've been playing for a while and are fairly skilled it adds another level of strategy. 




 Nice! 




 The Browns home opener? 




 You shouldn't quit just because your team isn't doing well. 

Sounds like you were on a modded server.  




 Your girlfriend does for me.  




 Whoa whoa whoa!

Before this gets all ugly in here let's get something very clear. They're called "Caucasians". 




 and now it's down :( 

someone upload it! 




 Agreed. Great character development. Hulk had heart.  




 Kind of like Seinfeld for me. He just IS funny. He could recite a recipe for Mexican wedding cakes and I'd laugh.  




 Turkey I assume.  




 Moving to the noosk Friday. What have I done! 




 The average person eats 8 spiders a year.  




 I'll try that some day. Thanks! 




 I saw that movie for a different reason. Dat ass.  




 No fucking way.

No.

Fucking.

Way. 




 You use up more ammo that way. 

Just get better at aiming :) 




 I'm a simple man with simple tastes. Nothing beats an Old El Paso taco dinner kit. So, for restaurant tacos I like Moes and Chipotle, but if you are searching for "true" Mexican then look elsewhere.  




 I see the tree of life.

Conspiracy? 




 Agreed on the Browns game.

The first few games are scary. But...with this team, with so many being new and Philbin having their trust, if they won 3 of the first 4 games they would be a confident bunch, and that would make them dangerous. 




 So what you're saying is there's a chance? Nice! 




 What are the chances of the Mini (the NFC phone) coming with, or being available at an extra charge, in the US for the Max? 




 Let's get a list going of the places to sell domain names.

**sedo.com and afternic.com** are both marketplaces where you can sell domain names at retail. Escrow is available through these.

**namepros.com** is a domain name forum that has a section for sales; however, generally these are not end users purchasing, but other domainers, and so the price you'll get will be at a step discount. Note that the buy/sell process is outside of the forum so use escrow to protect yourself during the transaction.

**tobyclements.com** is a broker who deals with premium domains. He handles the transaction and takes 20%. You send him names that you are interested in selling along with your asking price (he'll reject if you don't include a price) and he uses his network to help sell. Often these are not end users, so you may not get top-dollar, but he does work with companies or individuals who will be end-users who are looking for the right domain.

**ebay.com** is really hit-or-miss for domains. Your listing would have to be viewed by someone interested in that industry/niche specifically. It is possible to sell on ebay, and many domainers have, but there seems to be quite a bit of luck involved. 




 Hi redditors!

I have taken over r/domainnames and would like to know what you would like to see from this subreddit.

I'm open to ideas, but a few of mine are below:
* Industry news.
* Premium names for sale (keyword-rich .com, .net, .org). I don't want this to get spammy, so possibly these go to a moderation queue if that's possible (I'll look into).
* Questions on domaining as a hobby or business.
* Success stories, case studies.
* Domain names   SEO

I've been dabbling in domain name buying/selling for many years and so can help others, though I'd like to see more users here to assist each other. I also have a lot of experience in SEO, and so can answer questions that pertain to domains in relation to that discipline.

Domaining can be really fun. Finding that diamond either not registered or about to be released and flipping is a lot like real estate with many of the same principles applying.

train_subject4065 




 Yeah!

Thanks :) 




 Jesus! 22lb cat on your back in a bar, are you sure you don't want to make the front page? 




 Cat in a backpack sounds like instant karma. 

Could do a bar that's in a restaurant, like vt pub   brewery.  




 There was one a couple of months ago, and yes it's allowed :)  I'm up for another.

This time I say we make a rule that no drifters with backpacks full of rotisserie chicken are allowed! Not that he wasn't a nice guy... 




 Reposts. Get over it. 




 The narc is watching this reddit closely. It's down already. 




 Twice on Tuesdays.  




 Same with Super Bowl wins. This is the ultimate team sport, it takes more than a QB to win it.  




 I lump them together. My understanding is how they respond is a part of the director AI. If not my bad. 




 I think it's terrible. Playing single player, or online with a bot on your team, is horrible. In fact I'd say single player is not worth playing on the hardest setting because of how bad the AI is. I've literally lay dying on the ground with the bots standing around me doing nothing at all, not even picking me up. 

I just consider them extra health packs, they aren't worth anything more. 




 I can't be of any help...but this brought back some nostalgia. I played this in high school and college. So much fun! I'd put in dark movie soundtracks and turn off the lights. Those were the days! 




 If you don't mind, please report back on your choice and outcome. I may be moving to Winooski and was wondering the same thing.

Fairpoint sucks where I am now, rumor is that there are places where Fairpoint isn't bad, and considering there's a Fairpoint building right in Winooski I had hopes... 




 Thanks.

Sorry for not  posting specs, but really wasn't about that as much as if it could even be upgraded. I've bought desktops in the past that were just impossible to upgrade. 




 I need a good starting point for a desktop pc (some gaming) but want to make sure it's one that I can upgrade later (graphics card, processor, for example).

Any one know if the ASUS M51 can be upgraded easily?

Thanks. 




 Am I the only one old enough to remember the generic store brand products like this 30 years ago?

 




 Subreddits...get your mind out of the gutter.  




 I'll show you mine if you show me yours. 




 Literally faster to use Sprint 3g, which is the laughing stock of mobile data. 




 http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lnlzhmlbYX1qafrh6.gif 




 We don't have kiosks to purchase tickets (that I know of) up here.

Glad to hear it's working for you. When my finances are more settled I may subscribe. 




 That's generous of you. I've done that on their website, but it's unclear if they only look for theaters that take Discover, or if they've somehow confirmed their card is accepted.

My zip is 05401 though. 




 But whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy? 
























 I saw this episode of the Muppets.  




 If you ever visit Vermont message me. I've got a nice view if a river but am also close to the downtown. A nice city with lots of music and art.  




 As a Miami Dolphins fan it made the quote seem like a joke.  




 Not taking it as a put down, criticism is important.

1) it's a small state (Vermont) that I would do this in, so I feel like it's feasible to promote them internally and to visitors.

2) I own a number of premium local domain names that I would build sites on to promote all of the restaurants on (sites would have to be established first), and build relationships with other media outlets to promote them in exchange for online advertising.

3) I see the cost to the restaurants as that 12% (10% to the customer, 2% to the credit card company) with my 1% coming from the credit card. Yes, that's lower revenue for the credit card company, but in exchange for hopefully increased usage of the card.

Thoughts? 




 Shocked as shit that this is something someone would pay for. There's no useful information there -- it's all common sense. If ESPN is going to charge for content they better do a lot fucking better than that. I would feel ripped off.

But thanks for sharing :) I know to stay away from their paid content! 




 Hi all,

I think I've seen others do this, but am finding it hard to find information on where to start.

To make a long story as short as possible, I'd like to start a business where I provide people with a credit card dedicated to local restaurants. If you use that card in one of the participating restaurants you get a small discount (let's say 10%, and in return the restaurant gets promoted through the program) and I would receive a small percentage of the transaction fee (1%).

Is this possible? Are there resources online on how to build this program with a credit card company?

Thanks for any assistance! 




 This exactly.

You don't just hire based on need, you have to look at the market. If a **proven** GM knocked on Ross' door and said "Give me the power, I'll give you a Super Bowl" he'd probably do it. 




 Philbin's a eunuch? Great. We are fucking doomed. 




 Pioli's good man! Patriots, and Chiefs...Chiefs were poorly coached, but with the exception of Smith that's his roster today. 




 I have that feeling as well. Changing GMs like this, while keeping the coach, rarely works out. Look at the Browns, seems like every single year it's either the GM or the coach being fired.

You have to wonder how this sets up Philbin for next year. A GM may come in with a promise to keep Joe for at least a year, but you know he'll be heavily scrutinized, as will RT. So much for consistency. 




 Are we just trying to keep our 2013 "fuck" record for 2014?

Shit, I'm on board. Oops, I mean "fuck". 




 I'm a bit concerned since Sherman's offense is all RT has known for 6 years. But he's a smart kids, so will hope for the best. 




 True, true. But don't discount a coach that was successful.

Gruden got 2 teams to the super bowl, one being the Raiders who have been a mess for decades. I'd take him. 




 I don't think you have a point. There's always a reason why someone is fired, doesn't make it a good one.

Lots of great coaches were fired...Belichek, Dungy, Lovie Smith, Ken Wisenhunt (this guy will win a super bowl one day as head coach), Gruden... 




 That's some backwards logic there.

I'm not going to go for the hot chick. She's hot for a reason. 




 Considering the owner's history, i don't think a proven coach would take the job. Ross went after a new head coach while still employing one, then gave the next guy only 2 years. I know i wouldn't join that mess.  




 Because that's just not the case. Before this season I went through and compared a draft of Ireland's to Newsome's and he does well.

For some reason people think you're supposed to walk away from the draft with a handful of top performers. That's just not reality. If 4 years after the draft you have 2-3 starters from it then it was a good draft. 




 That was. He was great at Denver. 




 Zone blocking...hmmm isn't that a forte of Kubiak? 




 It's a great analogy, but you would want to sit down with the person and discuss why the goals were not met.

Context is lost on a lot of people. It's easy to point a finger, but there's more going on in reality. If you're going to lead an organization you better figure out what's really happening and not jump to "the GM is doing a lousy job". 




 Good point, and I agree. The loss of leadership is my issue with him.

Ireland could still have said what I typed, then it would have been Ross' call.  




 This assumes wins and losses are at the complete control of the GM. It's more complicated than that. 




 "You have to work with them, Coach, because that's your job and I'm not going to cut every strong leader we have. So, why don't you tell me which 2 of the 4 to keep, and those will be the 2 I keep."

As a manager, that's what I'd do. I'm beginning to wonder if the Dolphins as an organization just don't know how to work a business or a team (team as in group of people working towards one goal).  




 People like to talk about his crappy drafting without taking a look at other teams' drafts. If they did they would be impressed with Ireland's drafts. 

My issue is the gutting of the leadership in he lockerroom. He shouldnt have allowed that to happen. I will not be upset if he sticks around. 
 




 I'm tired of statistics that mean exactly nothing. 




 Stayed in, put in a couple movies and feel asleep before the turn. Boring.  




 How's McKee's on new years eve? Anyone know? 




 He's not the worst name on the list. Tannenbaum....really? Guy brought in Tebow. 

Tebow. 

Let's just let that sink in a minute.

Sink in like an infected herpes sore into your lunch time cup-a-soup. 




 I disagree. If I'm in the position that Ross is in, where I need to determine if some employees are sticking around or not, I wouldn't want to be surprised later by something in an independent report.

It isn't good business to make a decision when you know more information is on the way. 




 You can do this with any GM. When you compare his drafts to other successful GMs he's good.

His issue isnt the draft, its handling personnel overall. Like gutting team leadership. Looks good on paper but negatively impacts the lockerroom. He cant see the forest for the trees.  




 Fuck thats a tough schedule 




 I don't throw comments like this around, but if that happened (hired as head coach) i would literally stop being a fan. It would demonstrate the complete ineptitude.  




 I think i was premature, saw it on r/nfl but apparently not confirmed. Feel free to downvote me to hell.  




 On phone so no link, sry.  




 What if I like skinny butts? 




 how does Donny's stay in business? I never see people in there.

Mckee's i really like. 




 This is why I can't have used things. 




 I'm not a lawyer, but this might help:

"Section 230 of the CDA specifically addresses the nature of information ownership by online users. The Section states that no provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider.

Generally speaking, Section 230 protects website administrators from being held accountable for information posted by other users. The CDA is a federal initiative, which means that Section 230 trumps any state or local laws to the contrary."

From http://www.brand.com/review-sites.html

My work is entirely online. These threats happen. You could represent yourself and present this CDA. But again, I'm not a lawyer so do your due diligence.


Edit: Your site is being spammed by SEOs. They are commenting in order to leave links to their own websites. I highly recommend you turn off the ability of users to link. This will reduce the garbage on your site (thus making it better for your users) and reduce the threat of Google filtering it out of the search results (and then no one finds it). As an example, look at the link by "garbage disposal" on the front page currently, it links to a website. Don't allow that. 




 my phone isn't showing it! i have so much anxiety!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 3rd and 3 with Marino at QB and it's a run play. Times have changed in the NFL. 




 Thank you! Are there certain styles that are better for my hair or face shape? 




 Fair enough. Recommendations? 




 http://imgur.com/iRK7Drx
http://imgur.com/USsW61r

Sorry for low quality of some of them.

Professional but casual work place. Willing to grow it out longer, but it's thick, coarse, and difficult to manage. 




 I found this: http://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/1209b0/5_of_black_fabric_dye_later_and_my_old_blues_are/c6r2r18 




 I really like it. What color dye? 




 That's ahead of Flacco, RGIII, Eli Manning, Luck, Alex Smith, Russell Wilson, Cam Newton and others. 

And less than 100 yards from position 8.

Not bad! I was surprised to see him even that high -- not sure why given we have no running game.

...just gotta work on that TD to INT ratio.

http://www.nfl.com/stats/categorystats?tabSeq=0 statisticCategory=PASSING season=2013 seasonType=REG 




 I don't have an argument per se. The others are proven winners, Tanney hasn't done that yet. 




 They didn't advertise and it wasn't even available to see in my state.

Did someone want this to tank? 




 I'm not sold on Tannehill yet, but am hopeful.

Fiedler, Pennington, Moore, Frerotte...Tanney's not quite there yet. 




 This.

Seeing it made me sad. I feel like replacing his shin guards with actual arm-protector-thingies. 




 I hate the jets with a passion so fierce it gives my mother hemorrhoids. I can't get enough "fuck the jets." That subreddit is private...I wants in. 









 In a polite Canadian well tell them to fuck themselves. 




 One of my favorite sci-fi movies. 




 Aphex Twin - Come to Daddy

Video is creepy too. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUmNmpGnKp4 




 Not a thing childish about my displeasure with the aforementioned Jets, dear lad. 




 Amen. 









 NY Jets fan. FUCK THE JETS! 




 He has been for a while. Poor decisions weekly. 




 It's not homework. Not all presentations are homework. There's no prerequisite in my presentation for this, I'm making an analogy and am having a hard time finding photos to represent it.

Other questions? 




 For a presentation I need a series of photos of a weight lifter, lifting many weights just fine at first, then so much added he can't lift any longer.

Really only 2-3 are needed, clearly being able to handle the weight then not.

I'm sure some photos already exist but I'm having trouble tracking down.

Any help is appreciated. 




 "deal of rude dancing and genital-waggling aimed in their direction"

I loled. 




 Hold on to her. Hold on tight. 




 Please, create an amazing profile with photos of a model. Entice him/her...chat him/her up...then crush. 




 Why are they always symmetrical? 




 What do people from Barre do on Halloween?

Pump-kins. 




 I agree on some of those as possibilities, but we just don't know how they are in the locker room. And from what's happened recently, I wouldn't be surprised if Starks or Solia are already on Ireland's list to chop. 

Someone needs to step the fuck up and kick some asses in line. Ideally that would be Tannehill but I don't know what his personality is like. 




 This is probably the best article on the situation. I've defended Ireland in the past, and feel he does a very good job on the draft. This past off season, however, was a disaster. It's easy look back and say this (hindsight being 20/20), but Ireland should have known better. 

When was the last time a team made wholesale changes to their roster like we did? When has that worked? I remember the Redskins (maybe the 90s) making a number of changes and they won the Super Bowl, but they brought in proven and trusted vets, not a WR who was a bit of a diva, linebackers (don't get me wrong, I think Ellerbe and Wheeler are very good) and OLs who are still green.

This will continue to affect us. Next year won't be good either unless some leaders are brought in or miraculously emerge. 




 It'll be one of those statements where there's a lot of talking without really saying anything.
 




 Much snow. Wow. 




 People can also be really fucking high on meth. 




 Saying he's better than RJ Stanford is like saying Chlamydia is better than Herpes. 




 Have you tried Google reverse image search? 




 Hmmm, yeah I see what you mean.

Did you use regular spray paint? If so, do you know the colors/brands? Maybe I'll pick up a used helmet and do this...just have it on display. 




 You get your own! I want his! 




 I don't have a helmet, nor a motorcycle. I just want to sit at my desk at work (I live in New England) and piss off all the Pats fans.

So, old or not...it looks sweet. Sell? 




 Please sell me that helmet.

Oh, and please sell me that helmet. 




 That's super cute. 
























 Good job. That burlapp app is junk.  




 I'll contribute by starting tonight. How many other users we need for the lead? 




 ugh, thought it was too good to be true. it wasn't my primary residence either. oh well.

thanks for the info. 




 Checks out. 




 To make it quick and hopefully easy to understand (and I REALLY appreciate any help):

1) Sold real estate in August of 2013. The sale was a part of a divorce settlement.
2) The divorce is actually finalized in 2014.

My understanding is I won't be taxed on the profits of that sale since it was a settlement (the money is ultimately going to the ex wife).

Is this correct?

Thanks again for any help.  




 If you fall I will catch you - I'll be waiting  




 Nope. 




 "movie nights" 




 Along with our draft picks! 




 No it isn't. Population isn't growing as fast, but it is not declining: http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/50000.html

This isn't much different than overall U.S. population. Younger people aren't necessarily having children like previous generations, with more people choosing not to have children: http://articles.latimes.com/2013/dec/08/nation/la-na-childless-couples-20131208

 




 Substantiate your claims. Oh wait, you can't.  




 Blow jobs help.  




 Remember to save ~3 mill for injuries during the season 




 Nice try, Dawn.  




 In many states you don't have to be married to be awarded this as long as you were together for at least a certain number of years (typically 7 I believe).

Ironically, the same number of years to be considered dead if you haven't been heard from. 




 Because you need to know the exact right moment to say "that's the epitome of a team win right there". Too early and it's chaos. 




 I hear he's organized... 




 So much feels. 




 I was high on Philbin. Now, not so much.

Total team collapse at the end of the season, and seemingly uninterested in addressing a series scandal head-on.

A year from now we'll be coach shopping since this guy can't lead. 




 Easy, answer questions now that more information is available publicly. 




 Eventually they'd just pile up. At that point the worst that could happen would be a sprained ankle. 




 You can't steal happiness. There's a hole in your heart that cannot be filled with a beer, a wallet, table, or chairs. 

Try /r/aww That might help. 




 Now, pween, didn't we talk about your aggression? 




 I/we do not wish to annoy you at all. We are happy and wish to share that with you. You do not need to accept it, nor like it. 

Enjoy the beer. Friend. 




 1. We meet at the same time and place as the Hateful Drinker's Club.
2. We sit not far from the Hateful Drinker's Club, in the same room, in sight range.
3. We smile, laugh, be jovial.
4. We raise our glasses to the Hateful.
5. We occasionally purchase a round for the Hateful Drinker's Club. 




 Ok guys, how much?  How much would it take? 




 I did too. Hurts.  




 I destroyed my marriage to a beautiful and loving woman whom i loved very much through inaction.  




 A beautiful story. I hope one day i have a relationship that powerful.  




 No. 




 The Dolphin's O-line play in 2013 looked more like a tea party than the locker room will be in 2014. 




 And he comes back from it as Martin. :) I went there. 




 And really fucking weird. 




 Made me LOL. He's probably like "WTF I do?" 




 They should have tracked down his sister to verify if she's a squirter. Because if so...then science. 




 Who the hell downvoted you! I'll restore balance.  




 Go back to your hole, pween! 




 Well enjoy your dinner! 




 Long trail? Where you from? Im in burlington.  




 I'm glad he isn't lowering his standards and commend him for it. It's his pride, and he should only deliver what is acceptable to him. 




 The way I see it, what Incognito did was stupid, what Martin did was downright devious and manipulative.

If he wanted to leave, fine. Leave but support your friend, who was trying to support you. Come out and say "Incognito is not the reason why I am leaving, he is my friend." 









 Made me actually lol. 

Off to Google! 




 She should go on a diet. 




 Some people just get it in their head that something bothers them, they just allow it to bother them, then they can't let go.
 




 The first amendment doesn't allow you to say what you want on a privately owned website. The owner of the site, tumblr, has rules and they can remove you. Removing you from tumblr does not impact your right to free speech. 




 Yes. 




 It's clear these people are so unhappy with themselves that they perceive any attempt at helping them recognize their unhappiness as a threat, and so they resort to knocking down the individual as a way of propping themselves up. 

They feel so low that they hold refuge with the idea that they are "good people", singularly attaching that to themselves as their value, but then don't see their own behavior through a realistic lens for what it is...being very rude.

I feel for them on many levels...but wake the fuck up. 




 Why does it seem like there can't be a real discussion without it quickly deteriorating with insults?

I'd really like to have a thoughtful conversation because I am legitimately interested in their philosophy and its foundations, but it's like every question to probe their thoughts is taken as an insult and so is followed by an actual insult. 




 That actually explains a bit what's going on here. 




 Happy to help. 




 Well my tweet would be "@J_Martin71 choke on a dick you fucking Jets fan."

Who's mature now, eh? WHO'S MATURE NOW? 




 Should I go darker with the paint here? Any specific color recommendations are helpful!

[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/CgcRqPE.jpg)

*Edit, more info: The kitchen opens up to the living area (where I took the photo from) which is all the same color. I'm thinking of making the kitchen a different color to help separate the space. 









 Dolphins logo is oddly appropriate. 




 Have we really gotten to the point where being fat is now a "culture"?

Silly me applies things like the arts, history, values, even economics as defining a culture. 

Can I start a "thin" culture and tell fat people not to walk in public as that's my culture?  They might like that rule. 

And does this culture lining mean as a white man I can't play basketball in public? 




 If you were married to Lauren, you wouldn't want to be upright. 




 I hear there are subliminal audiotapes he could listen to to help with that. 




 Jesus Christ. 




 2 stars. Felt that the character development was lacking and the situation wasn't very believable. 

For flash fiction the writer shows some promise and grammar aptitude, though the occasional caps lock wasn't really necessary. 

I'll give the movie version a chance. I hear Tom Hanks will play the doctor, I like him.  




 I say a waste of cap space. Move him on and let's improve the o-line. 




 Everything is just sensationalized in the media. Stories are either made up, or twisted to look far worse than the truth to get people to read and react. 




 Absolutely! 




 I call top! 




 Thanks for those tips, you gave me some things to think about.  




 Hi Reddit DIY,

I'm not that handy...so help with this is appreciated.

I want a speed bag (you know, boxing...) but I don't want to drill into my wall or buy a more expensive free standing one. I do, however, already own a Bowflex Body Tower (http://www.amazon.com/Bowflex-BodyTower/dp/B006353HCE) so I thought it could be possible to add one to it.

Note that I am 6'2" and the Body Tower is just taller than I by about 2 inches, so I need to account for that when adding the bag. 

Another requirement is that I want to be able to remove the speed bag appendage when I want to use the tower.

Ideas? Probably a weird request, I know, but I really appreciate any help. 




 You know, that WOULD work.  




 I don't give a crap about the comments that he's "flat" or "unemotional", agree with you that there are successful coaches who aren't the "ra - ra" type.

What concerns me is if this is true  Theres not a lot of great teaching there." No excuse for that if true. I think one of the reasons Belichick is routinely successful is all the teaching that happens. 




 Yep. 




 There's not enough tequila in Mexico... 




 Please this. 




 I guessed Gore Verbinski. 




 Shouldn't players for the Browns just be given a free pass? 




 Now for that offensive line coach. 




 That does look like it was a good move. 




 Worth the trip.  









 you just can't speak of it 




 I have a spare bedroom.  
























 What types of things are you into? It's good to find people with similar interests to hang out with. 




 Look, I've been a Dolphins fan since Marino's trip to the Super Bowl. I've shared your struggles. Your hopes. I've fucked the Jets.

If you're like me, you saw a lot in Tannehill that you liked and were hopeful that he was the answer at quarterback.

But the more I watch, the more I see a guy who is just really average. He holds onto the ball too long. He has opportunities to gain some yardage on the ground, but that clock in his head doesn't seem to be working.

Trent Green was annoying during the Bills game talking about accuracy, but it's an issue. He isn't very good at hitting receivers down the field. I'm not saying it doesn't happen, but every time he chucks it deep I hold my breath.

Our receivers are not an excuse. Yes we have dropped balls, but we are far better off than many teams in terms of receiver talent. And the drops...well, some of them the balls are not ideally placed. Yes, they should still be caught, but Tannehill is a part of that as well.

I hate to say it, brothers, but I think we're in for a rough ride. Get ready for a couple years of mediocrity as the organization realizes he's not the answer. Then there's maybe a house cleaning again.

Downvote me if you must. I'll be very happy to be proved wrong.
FTJ 




 He used all caps, how could you not hear him? 




 I'm a day late but hoping someone can help.

Here's my situation (Drupal 6). I have a content type with a number of fields, and views to display those fields in a table.

Let's say I have a field "Fruit" and a field "Vegetable", and a view "Food" that lists these fruit and vegetable fields in a column.

What I would like is php code at the top with would count the number of instances of each type of food.

For example, at the top it might show:
Apple: 4
Orange: 5
Celery: 3
etc..

Essentially it is counting the number of times "Apple" appeared in the "Fruit" column/field within that view. Same for Orange and Celery.

Is there php code that would do that?

Any help is appreciated. 




 Interesting...I'll give that a shot 




 I have no trouble dodging chargers, super easy, and am always playing against others. It's that timing that gets me...maybe it's my perception/eyes, but it's like you have to swing when they appear to be too far away to hit. I can dead stop jockeys and hunters...so I dunno. 




 I've always been challenged by Charger leveling. I can do it occasionally, but I definitely don't have the timing down right. I have tried the Charger custom map where you select the weapon and a charger comes at you to attempt to level.

Any tips on getting that timing down to be more consistently successful? 




 What would form something like that? 




 Hate to burst bubbles, but it's dependent on the woman, not her age. I was married to someone 9 years older than me and the sex was good, not mind-blowing. 

Now divorced and slept with someone 7 years younger who fucked like a porn star. 




 But different pipes go to different places! 




 I just think a lot of people don't find it to be a challenge. 




 Years? Lol! This whole thread just became meaningless. 




 I wasn't commenting about you, rather your teammates if you're getting overwhelmed. Pros can be overwhelmed if teammates are not helping.

That necessary level of attention is one of the reasons why I love the game.

If you ever want to play my username is Endif. I'm mostly on evilmania's vs servers and scavenge. 




 Sounds like you need better teammates :)

If other survivors aren't paying attention to their teammates then being overwhelmed can happen fairly easily. 

That's actually my biggest frustration with multiplayer and this game. It's such a well done co-op that if your mates aren't helping each other you're doomed -- so newbie players can really drag the game down. This is why there are so many kicks. It's better to have a bot than someone not helping and doing their own thing. 




 This is a common tactic in the software industry, not just gaming. You release your product knowing there are likely things to fix, and your users help identify those.

On some level I agree. Companies should put in the effort to properly test and correct first. The flip side, though, is even then they wouldn't catch everything. Some ingenious gamer will find an exploit, or the sheer volume of players would identify one, or a glitch.

All that said, the melee buffer made the game more realistic and enjoyable IMHO. The game is very focused on balance, and infinite melee was an unfair advantage as seen by the majority of players. 




 Opening to reddit first cause you rock.

R02843962zv (last 4 of phone is 3628) only has 2 people on now and I'm opening it to you before I open to family and friends.

Join and save! 




 I'm a Vermont Dolphins fan! 




 I wish more people played scavenge. 




 Personal blog logo. Social media avatar. Marketing. Gift. Fun... 




 EvilMania too 




 The elegant Boeing emerges from the river for the first time. Still weak an exhausted from its journey, soon it will learn to fly. 




 Check out her twitter: @pennymylife

I think she ate all the punctuation marks that would have made her tweets understandable.
 




 Yet another sign to lose weight.  




 Thanks for this! Taking your time to write that was very cool. 




 Ok, Seddit, I could use some help.

First, been divorced for about a year, 38 years old. I've been working on "me" by exercising regularly which has helped me feel better about myself. In general, I do feel pretty good (at least I think so). I have a good job, intelligent enough, I've been told I'm attractive, and in ok shape (not where I'd like to be yet). I am tall and thin.

From my experiences with online dating so far, I feel there's a huge plus for men with interesting and exciting lives or hobbies, but that's not my life right now. I work, go home, exercise, eat, sleep, repeat. Due to the divorce I don't have much money for other things (even though I make good money).

Conversely, I really like spending time with women (sure, no fucking surprise there) and would be pretty darn happy just "hanging out" with a girlfriend. I don't feel the need for dynamic events or activities.

There's one woman I've been seeing periodically, but due to conflicting schedules I don't see her much. And given my desire for meaningful human contact, this can cause some anxiety -- but no way in hell am I having the "define our relationship" talk.

I could use a few things from the generous souls here.
1) A fucking pep talk. Not being with someone can make me feel pretty down, which admittedly is a part of my problem.
2) Some ideas for cheap but exciting hobbies.
3) Help me deflate my approach anxiety by giving me ideas on the easiest places and ways to approach women. If I start there maybe everywhere else will become easier.

Appreciate it gents.
Endif 




 Weekdays schmeekdays. Why can't a man get a 2 dollar beer on a weekend anymore. 




 Where the hell can I get a $2 beer? 




 What exactly are we to discuss? Strategies? 




 I like that. I'm going to look into it. Thanks!
 




 Burlington, Vermont. 




 Thanks! 




 Not quite, but nice try. I did decide to skip it. I'm not closed minded, just looking for something I'm going to like and is quality.

Careful with assumptions. 




 That one looks very cool. Is this a common configuration I could get elsewhere? 




 Thanks for the info. 




 I really appreciate everyone's feedback. I'm going to keep looking around as quality is important, but I'm really just interested in having some fun with it, so I want it to look fun to me...that may be "tacticool" but I'm still learning about all this. 

Unfortunately I missed the memorial sale at Palmetto for the AR uppers (300). My intention was to get that and then a lower locally, but the uppers sold out.

Thanks again Redditors. 




  Ruger 10/22

I'm prepared for the downvotes, but that rifle just doesn't look like one I want to own. I know...I know...but I'd like something that looks cool to me. 




 Hi all,

I've never owned a gun and am considering purchasing this: http://palmettostatearmory.com/index.php/firearms/rifles/umarex-h-k-mp5a5-22lr-2245250.html

I'm not looking to hunt, just go shooting at the range with a rifle. While I'm not picky, I'd like it to look cool - lame I know, but it's my first gun, cut me some slack :)

Ammo for this is 22 which my understanding can be challenging to get, but I feel it's doable in my area (Vermont) enough that it wouldn't be an issue. I wouldn't go to the range but once or twice a month at the most.

So, is this a good rifle? What's the quality like?

Thanks for any help to a newbie. 




 So nothing to do with her body size and everything to do with her laziness. Got it. 




 Ex-wife's family only did this... 




 More of this, please. 









 This needs to happen. 




 That came across as very self-important. 




 This disgusted me. It turned into how he was doing something wrong when she is the one that changed. He's a good man for dealing with her.  




 Somebody needs to secretly record her workouts for a while and post them online to call her out on her bullshit. I guarantee she doesn't work out either very much or very well.  




 Yes, Seahawks have character.  




 This assumes they go to the gym. Randi would be sitting there alone. 




 An old philosophical question. If no one is there to see the fatty run on the treadmill. Did he/she actually run on the treadmill? 




 Harvard is an interesting example to us for this argument. My understanding is most students get significant aid from their endowment.

But let's face it, most professors make no where near that, so this one example isn't indicative of the problem.  




 All I've ever had is Windows :( 




 As in the monolith? 




 I was going to do this from a screenshot from the Shining (love Kubrick) but after seeing this I'm reconsidering.

I like how you incorporated another color. 




 #1 ingredient. 




 You pee out those calories. 




 Thank you for that. Cliff Notes to tragedy. 




 Their response would be "I promote intuitive eating. If I feel like eating Cheetos that's my body telling me to eat Cheetos and my body wouldn't tell me to do something unhealthy, that just doesn't make sense. Also, because of the way my body works, it doesn't matter if I eat Cheetos or celery, I'll gain weight. Now, GET OUT OF MY LIFE." 




 Was this post for a "dumbest person on Earth" contest? 




 Thank you. I needed this. 




 Yes, this. What you are responding to is a distraction from the point.  




 If only there had been some sort of warning.  




 This. As a hiring manager. This. 




 Have we gotten to the point where that is "small fat"?

If so, holy crap! 




 My guess is it wasn't right away, but next day or two due to constipation.  




 I'll take her then. 




 Is that a rhetorical question? 




 That's a lot of semen. 




 This is why I'm for taxing unhealthy food. You want to eat yourself to death? Fine, but I'm not paying for your poor choice.

And I'm very liberal, happy to pay taxes for those who have fallen on hard times, but this is silly.  




 Agreed, very sad. A few years from now when she has disease after disease she'll look back with a kit if regret.  




 Not a lot of attractions but you'll find amazing local food, some of the world's best beers, winter sports, and generally friendly people in a clean and safe environment. 

If you're into the movement to ficus locally (rather than chain restaurants, and mass produced everything) you'll fit in.

If you want Broadway, big city, national sports, long warm days, then you'll probably hate it.  




 "Love" is the appropriate word here. 




 How old does a rash have to be to call it an "old rash"? To me that sounds like she's had it for years...I bet it's a yeast infection between her folds. 




 Why is she even allowed to give medical advice? That's a big "no-no" and could get multiple people in trouble, including Tumblr. 




 I still haven't seen a ufo. So pissed.  




 Checks out.  




 Just like it's not binge drinking if you're an alcoholic. Doctors are wrong! 




 It's ok because the wealthy don't like fiats anyway.  




 Notice he didn't thank the current staff... 




 Some of you need to share your stories with This Is Thin Privilege on tumblr. Please.   




 This silence is deafening. 
























 Finally some sense. It's a travesty that lime is gone, and not just from Skittles. TRAVESTY! 




 Yeah this broke my heart. 




 Every moment spent worrying about something that hasn't happened is a moment of your life wasted.

Go do something. 




 Subscribe for Monday Night Football then cancel after the season. 




 Thanks NFL. That was the game this New Englander was going to go to for my first ever game. 




 Is this the new talk track for when fat acceptance women are caught being hypocritical when they talk about only being attracted to fit men?

"Well my obesity is genetic, mens are not..." 




 You should've done your research. This isn't the Henne Dolphins. 




 I have such a hardon. 




 Thanks! 




 Are there pictures of that? 




 You will continue to fight.

You will persevere.

You will not give up.

BECAUSE I SAID SO GODDAMNIT.

And later, you'll come back here and let us know how you're doing. 

And you'll keep fighting. 




 God rests on Sundays. Marino kicked ass. 




 BatManuel? 




 No. 




 You can tell how invested the media is in a game by who the commentators are during it.

The commentators were horrid. Who do you put your worst broadcasters on? The game you think the fewest people care about. 
Sad if you think about it. 




 Don't know why you're being down voted. Who the heck would want their LT out? 




 Well, in all fairness, you could only barely allude to Miller too if you had a beak. 




 Sorry to hear that. Take care of yourself. 




 Let's see how the coaches adjust. That's their job. 




 Yes, the company to be theoretically traded. If you had access to their web analytics as a consultant. 




 Anyone ever use a website's analytics (traffic, conversions, etc.) to inform decisions on when to buy or sell stock?

Would love to hear some strategies along this line. 




 That's great news!

So many struggle and find nothing that helps, it's nice to hear when something simple works for someone. 




 Agreed. We need to see consistency. It'll take him the year to really show it. 




 I love his effort. That stuff makes plays. 




 :) 




 r/ToolBand is the one I know of. 




 I actually thought I was in the tool subreddit. 




 Sorry you are going through this. It's hard, and you are being strong. Keep it up.

I get warnings too, as long as I'm awake for them, but nothing like yours -- it doesn't seem to affect my coherence.

When I do get the warnings I've found that caffeine helps reduce the severity significantly and even prevent it from occurring (I'm very lucky in this way). I will use Excedrin or soda for the caffeine.

I kept a journal when I first started getting them which helped me identify triggers, patterns, etc.

Hope that helps. Have to be honest, the affecting your coherence is concerning. 




 No matter who is in charge of the Jets, they always manage to make some real terrible decisions. 




 Thanks! 




 Can these be installed without some sort of rooting? 




 Oh you say that to all the states. Tease. 




 It's a play...on the field, not a celebration. How is a play disrespectful? 




 It's like you're describing Steve Smith. Good in my book. 




 Honestly, I can't remember the last rookie receiver we had to play as well as he is...so I'm definitely optimistic.

It's a tough transition for that position. 




 The fair questions are things like "why was it Wheeler in coverage?"

That's what gets me. I didn't think we would win, but we had the lead with the clock winding down and I don't understand why certain things happened. 




 That quote seems like a cop-out. The defense played very well. They were not always PUT in the best position (i.e. Wheeler shouldn't have been in coverage in the last play), but they played well for what they were asked. 




 What upsets us is we know Rodgers is capable of that. But from the game plan in the final ~4 minutes, it was like our coaches had no idea. 




 S? 




 Lol 




 Makes you wonder why they struggle planning during the week. 




 Yeah looks great now, but that's the problem, he's not consistent. 




 They're all at the beach. Probably Lauren too. 




 I remember. I still would have gone for it. Sometimes you have to take chances to win.

We'll agree to disagree. 




 We'll get the 4th best QB in the draft too. 




 So let's just not play the game. 




 That's the definition of retarded?

I definitely would have gone. Have some balls and actually try to win the damn game. 




 I don't get it either. Stupid. 




 It looks far worse. Offense doesn't start being productive and it'll be real ugly. 




 First, take estibot with a grain if salt. It's only worth what someone would pay.

I would post it to sedo and see what offers you get. Decline offers if you want. Realize that it may be a while before you get an offer.

I recommend going to namebio.com to see how much similar domain names have sold for. This is one of the better ways to gauge value.

You could share the domain name here, it's not like anyone can take it from you. 




 Not sure how much you make, and it's none of my damn business, but I'm curious as to what it compares to Uber drivers. I read on an uber drivers forum about how they take more than the 20% that they advertise, so drivers don't end up making much. 




 Sweetarts with lime instead if green apple. Skittles like that too. 




 Why would you want a guy who all reports are the players hate him?

Sure you're team will improve for a few years, but then what? 




 I thought the speech was flat and sounded like all his other speeches.

But, I also think too much weight can be put on coaches' emotions. Plenty of great coaches don't show much emotion. 




 Some of us, myself included, have been questioning Tannehill, and rightfully so. 

That doesn't mean we're calling for Moore.

But I'm not sure who you're talking about. 




 Lol. K. 




 If I'm on the coaching staff I'm taking a close look at my linebackers. When Misi is back, I would consider benching Wheeler and going with Musi, Trusnick and Jenkins.

Crazy? 




 Questioning Tannehill when he's in year 3 and playing this inconsistently shouldn't surprise anyone. 




 I was one who created a thread on Tannehill last week.

My thoughts if you care: Tannehill played much better (that pass of Hartline is something rare from him and was good to see), BUT this was against one of the worst teams in the league who haven't been home since before the week 3 game.

Tannehill has to put more than one good game together. I remember his first ever games as a Dolphin and the number of balls batted...then what do we see in year 3? Same thing. The guy needs to improve.

So, good game, I'm glad for it...but let's keep in mind who it was against and see how he does the rest of the year. 




 Probably 16 years ago (I'm 39 now) I started getting clusters.  Seasonal at first then chronic for about 2 years, followed by seasonal again.

Then nothing for ~6 years. 

I woke up at about 5 this morning as a cluster was developing. Now, of course, I'm both spent and worried they are returning.

Not sure why I'm writing this. I've never spoken to anyone else who had clusters. But, as someone recently divorced I don't have anyone to share it with.

I've always considered myself lucky with clusters as I quickly recognized things that brought them on, early signs of one coming, and had things that helped reduce their ferocity.

Anyway, my thoughts go out to all of you. I hope you're successful in getting through your headaches. 




 Is this supposed to make me smile? Because I don't feel like smiling. 




 Wow...that's how far we've fallen. 




 Lazor and Philbin get a lot of blame. Game management in general is poor, even some basics like clock management -- Philbin in particular should know better.
 




 ...couple more years...before something happens and it starts all over again. 




 I feel like the QBs who win championships who are not elite have historic defenses. Our defense is good, but not nearly good enough to bring this team that far. 




 I think the problem is how we lost. We didn't lose because we were missing Dion Jordan and Moreno, we lost because of bad play calling, bad quarterback play, bad oline play, bad receiver play...we lost because the guys who should be good enough (starters) just didn't do it. 




 Never thought Gibson was fantastic, but serviceable. Not sure where he is today.

As for Clay, I do think he's better than average. He's made some incredible, highlight-worthy, plays. This year I think he's dealing with a knee injury. If he becomes healthy we better see the ball thrown to him more regularly. 




 The anonymous quote (if real) calls out coaches, but Hartline's could be read any number of ways. 




 We'll beat Oakland and some people will forget the past few weeks...but just wait. This season is not shaping up to be anything other than the usual for us. 




 I'm tired of taking scraps from other teams. We need to make a move for the best guy in the draft. Now maybe that isn't this year, we'll see how Tanny closes this thing out, but our strategies in the past clearly have not worked (i.e. so-so free agent QBs and questionable drafting either late in rounds, or WRs at the QB position). 




 I'm so frustrated I want a revolt. I want the players to kick the damn coaches out of the lockerroom and take over. 




 That's how I feel too. We'll hover around 6-10 to 9-7, which means never getting the best QB in the draft. I don't follow college ball that closely, so I don't know how this class, or the next, is shaping up but Hickey better be paying attention.

Also very curious what Marino thinks at this point. He seemed high on Tannehill for a while, but after the past few games and now actually having an official role in the organization, I have to wonder what he thinks. 




 I heard the same things about Dalton, but also watched a few Cincy games. He was managing the games well, and taking them to the playoffs.

Then there's Tanny...

I'm not totally dismissing our QB, we clearly have other issues (Coyle...damn man, really?) but I'm also done defending him with things like "well our oline has issues" because he's not doing his part either from what I see. 




 Russell Wilson regularly hits receivers down the field. 




 We're worse. Where's Hartline? Where's Clay? Why aren't we getting to the guys who were so productive last year? 




 Or anyone in stride... 




 I think Moore would have more interceptions, but would also make more plays.

Does that put us in a better position? I don't know. 




 That's the thing, at this point I think he is the weakness. We have good talent around him, it's his job to utilize it and he's failing.

Getting QBs in the 2nd round on is how we got Henne, and some other guys I've decided to forget. 




 I just posted something similar...

My only remaining hope is he's getting used to the new system. 

He looks so average... 
























 Let me introduce you to exaggeration: "a statement that represents something as better or worse than it really is."

Did that help? 




 Real estate prices are far off from income levels.

Cold as shit.

Not so much to do unless you want to hike or eat grass feed, organic, free range, virgin beef with a local IPA at a cost if $85 a plate.

Just a few big employers.

 




 Yeah, that's exactly what it looks like! At first I thought it was my TV.

Really appreciate it! 




 Hmmm very possibly. I've seen it on a few videos, but it is possible they were all BBC.

I'll check again tonight. Appreciate your response. 




 I just finished Ring, Spiral, and Loop and loved them all.

For those unfamiliar, the first book, "Ring", is what the movie "The Ring" is based on. It's horror, and fantastic.

The follow-ups, however, Spiral and Loop, are actually sci-fi novels. I wasn't expecting that transition, but really enjoyed them as they were thought-provoking -- great stories in their own right.

After finishing Loop I learned that Suzuki wrote a follow-up called "S" but that this has not been translated to English. I emailed the publisher of the previous novels to see if there are plans for a translation, but have not heard back.

Do any of you have any idea if this will happen and when?

If you have not read this series, I highly recommend it. 




 Thanks people. I'm going to do a short term membership and see how it goes. 




 When I cast from YouTube to my TV the picture in the center is bright, but very dark around it. The bright area is maybe 8 inches across.

It does not do this when casting from Netflix. 

Any ideas what might be going on here?

Thanks! 




 Hi people.

I'm looking to join a health club, and the woolen mill is very close to me, so I'm thinking about that one.

Some questions for anyone who might be a member:
- What times are the busiest? Are there any times after work (5) that are not so busy?
- What are the people like?
- What do you think of the facility?
- How crowded is the pool?

Thanks redditors. 




 I've posted on here before about how lucky I am that Excedrin works for me.  One of the components is caffeine.

When I've been in season I have drank coke or coffee as a preventative. It does help some people, so I'm not surprised.

I get a warning as well, which tells me to do something, mine is pain and tightness in a lump at the back of my neck, which I've heard isn't uncommon to have in sufferers. 




 39 years old. Only been playing a few months. 




 It's amazing what some people find that can help.

Glad it's working for you! 




 I'm very lucky. Once I feel the initial signs, caffeine more-often-than-not prevents it from escalating. 




 Create an account on snapnames and place an order. They may be able to grab it at expiration.

If someone else orders then it goes to auction. 




 You're just as in the clear for clusters as for being hit by lightning.

Life is short, go live it. 




 How are their oxford shirts? I hate ironing... 




 You don't need advice from us, you need to address your anxiety.

I hope you have someone you can talk to. 




 Meh. I politely disagree. I think he is surrounded by an incredible team.

Not saying he's bad, but not elite. 




 Wilson is elite?

Did I not get the memo? 




 Cold helps me subdue it a bit after it has started (ice or cold showers). 




 Lund 




 Try those resistance bands, easier to carry than the kettle bell. 




 The Mill on the Floss. Nothing happens... 




 Sounds very frustrating, I hate that shit.

I don't have an answer, but try totally uninstalling and reinstalling. 




 Typical for the AI of that game. 

I find single player Expert unplayable due to the AI. They seem to like to watch me die. 




 Awesome, easy to focus on that.

But....how long until I notice a difference? I work out virtually daily.  




 Thanks for replying. Appreciated. 




 Hi r/keto,

I'm new to the keto-way and have a question that I hope someone can answer.

Short background: I'm not looking to lose weight, just my gut. I work out, but my gut is stubborn and doesn't seem to want to shrink. I thought lowering my carbs might help.

So, do you think I need to hit 20g to see the benefits? Can I just reduce my carbs, but maybe go for 40g?

I read this "Another method is to choose a carb goal between 15-50g/day (20g is a good starting point)" in the Gdoc, which got me wondering how important that 20g is as a milestone.

Any help is appreciated. 




 That site would be more effective if it treated the subject without words like "waddle."

By being respectful and debunking her, the writer might save more people from her lies and manipulation. 




 Have to admit I'm a little concerned because if Wallace also goes that's a significantly different corps for Tannehill to get used to. 




 No, it's more like how when you eat Taco Bell it comes out as Taco Bell. 




 Because at one point he was doing something related to cars on it. 




 This brought me to tears.

It's familiar, but only in a way.

I do know how tough it is. It's like a death, a death that keeps dying every day.

I hope you find happiness. 




 Vermonter checking in. 




 My mind is blown. 




 The key term might be "operations".  As an operations manager I can see how he wouldn't impact players or coaches. 




 Sucks about your stomach. When I've talked to doctors about other issues they've always pushed ibuprofen, and never flinched at taking even 9 at a time, which I thought was a lot. I had one doctor even tell me I could take a "fist full". 




 My god, you are strong. I don't think I ever got more than 1 a day. 

Sorry to hear about your health struggles. I hope things are looking up for you. 




 When "in season" (that's what I would call when I was having the stretch of time when I was getting them since they were seasonal) or during the chronic phase I was always tired. After an attack especially. If I had one during the day, which wasn't uncommon, I was a zombie for the remainder.

I wouldn't drink when I was in season, since alcohol is a trigger. Having a drink at lunch was a sure way to hell. Having a consistent sleep pattern was important, and even felt like if I exercised too much, or did anything that might through the pattern off (like a nap), the attacks were somehow worse.

Through some of this time I was married (divorced now), and my wife was very helpful. She would get ice for my head, massage my neck, whatever I needed. There were times when we had company and an attack came, and I would go hide for a while. I would emerge and say I wasn't feeling well, and probably seemed very off.

I've been very private about the headaches, very few people know about them (not even my parents or brother do), as I don't like bothering people with it. There's pros and cons to that. The attacks are ugly, it's not something I want anyone to see or worry about. But then, in season, I would go about life with what felt like a shadow following me, waiting to strike, and obviously no one would know what I was going through.

Not sure what else you might be looking for. Happy to help in any way I can, especially since I've wanted to get into film myself :)
 




 I got my first migraine in the middle of my green belt testing in Tae Kwon Do (at about 25), and had no idea what was going on with my head and had no experience with these kinds of headaches. I managed to get through it by running to the bathroom and drenching my head in cold water.

After that I got a number more that week, and so went to the doctor's. After a number of tests was diagnosed with migraines.

But they very quickly changed.

One night I woke up and the headache was markedly different. It crept up from the back of my neck, the left side, up through the top and side, then to my eye. That knife in the eye and side feeling. The pain was unbelievable. I couldn't do anything but clutch my head, squeeze it, and cry out.

Those continued nightly and so I kept a journal to try and figure out what was going on. The pattern became obvious, they were seasonal. I generally got them 3 months on and 3 months off. After researching, I discovered clusters and it was a match.

I went through a chronic stage for a couple of years, the headaches daily. However, I'm EXTREMELY lucky in that Excedrin actually works for me, if I take it early enough. I typically get a sign that one is coming by a unique pain in the back of my neck, where I have a very noticeable lump, which I hear isn't uncommon for clusterheads.

After the chronic stage it was back to seasonal. Then went a number of years without any at all. For the past few months, though, I've been getting them seemingly randomly.

Good luck with your film, and keep us updated on it. I'd love to see it. 




 It's more convenient to say it was the North Koreans. 




 will that make it so that when she hits the accelerator the hood won't move? 




 Yea, wasn't my intent but I knew how it would come across.

Point was more that everything matters, even when you have the best QB ever. And, Shula wasn't his only coach. 




 Ah, facetious it was then. 

As you were. 




 I like Tannehill but I think it's dangerous to say it doesn't matter who will coach him.

I can think of a few elite quaterbacks who never won a Super Bowl. One of whom is very close to our hearts. 




 er...or he has a winning record because we will play weaker divisions, so Philbin gets an extension, and then 3 years after that he's fired. 




 I found it funny. Don't like that it happened, but it was hilarious. Maybe that's just what he wanted, some humor. 




 Very happy that we don't have to face a Rex Ryan led Jets team anymore. 




 That sounds right. 




 I also remember a play where a receiver was tackled out of bounds by a few players, everyone was hustling around, and Wallace was just walking away like "whatever". 

Wish I could find the play. To me it just sounds like he didn't have his heart in the game.

Let's suppose it was a coach's decision...wouldn't you expect your supposed best receiver to be up that coach's ass during the game to get back in? Either way this doesn't look good for Wallace. 




 You ever work with a guy who nods his head in meetings?

That's what Philbin does. 




 Ironically, Dan the Man is more tan than Tanmarino. 




 Your response doesn't offer anything productive, you offer nothing to actually discuss.  




 I can't really disagree with you. It must be very difficult working on footwork with a 350 pound guy on you. 




 Ah, didn't know that's the origination of it. 




 Nothing wrong with changing your mind, in fact it's a sign of an open mind. Nothing irks me more than someone with an opinion whose mind can't be changed with evidence. 




 As the submitter of this post I felt the need to circle back:  http://www.reddit.com/r/miamidolphins/comments/2h3aa1/guys_we_need_to_talk_about_tannehill/

As someone who was skeptical of Tannehill, I have to say that the past couple of months have changed my mind, and I believe it is because he has actually improved.

His accuracy does seem better, even on the long ball. I've seen just as many long passes just dropped as I've seen possibly bad throws.

We've talked a lot about how bad our o-line is, but every game that goes by I'm thankful that it's Tannehill at the QB position. Other quarterbacks would turn to jelly. Remember Carr? He became shell-shocked from being sacked so much in his early career. We are very lucky that Tannehill, somehow, manages to improve while having literally 2 seconds to make a decision before being clobbered.

Yesterday's perfect passer rating by Geno Smith (jesus that was hard to write) makes it clear we have a lot to work on on defense, but priority 1 still has to be the offensive line. Tannehill needs the time to throw. Not only is he still towards the top in terms of sacks, but even when he isn't he is throwing the ball in what looks like a frenzied black friday at Wal-Mart scene. It looks less and less to me like Tannehill is holding on too long, and more like he is constantly pressured. Yes, moving around the pocket can help, but the line needs to improve too.

Anyway, I'm pumped in what I've seen from Tannehill the past couple of months and am looking forward to having him as our QB. I'm on the fence about Philbin, I don't see him as a winner, but that is what it is.

Lastly, and no offense, but "the Passmaster" just doesn't do it for me. I think another nickname is needed. 




 That's a bold statement. Looks to me like it's really just Wallace, who is a deva. No one else does this, so why paint the entire team that way? 




 Holding my breath only because I don't want Tannehill hurt 




 Could've hit both though. 




 Can't tell on TV. So it'll stand 




 She nailed Landry? 




 Naw, he deserved it. 




 Or last year...GMs pick the players, coaches put them on the field. 




 They tried. Applebee's said they were not interested in a manager that would send the janitor out on the floor to take orders. 




 I'm sure i'll get downvoted but this doesn't bother me at all. If you're the leader, and you're so good, you can still win. I don't see it as impacting the fun at all. 




 Does it happen to you? 









 Anyone want to play Counter Strike? 




 Another year under this oline and he'll move like Marino 




 You're an asshole. 




 It won't let me read the article :( 




 Why reward him? 




 Clap your hands everybody
And everybody clap your hands
For Lambda Lambda Lambda and
Omega Mu.

...it goes on but I don't want to type it all. 




 I can definitely see why he can't be that person. The team has routinely lost the games when the playoffs were on the line.

As for injuries...Ngata was out, Rice suspended, they had excuses too. It's not like Tannehill and Wake were gone. 




 It's not crazy to want to find the guy who can coach us for 10 years and not 4. 




 Please not Jim Harbaugh! I know the appeal because he goes in and wins for a couple of seasons, but the trend with him is he starts to really get under the skin of those around him. Long term it isn't worth it. I've other people give excuses about media hype, but where there's smoke there's fire.

I would be really disappointed to see him come to the Dolphins. 




 That's right. Until WE DO IT, we are not there.
 




 That was heart wrenching. My best to your husband, your son, and you. 




 At least someone hates us. 









 How dumb do you have to be to not communicate with neighbors about it?

I'm sure Jesus would have hidden like that. 




 Where the fuck was the pressure on Manning? You're telling me we couldn't get creative to help Wake and Vernon get to the old man?

That was the difference in the game IMHO. 




 So he's King of the Hill?

As in Hank Hill, or the game you play as kids? 




 Ybba.com

Studied there for years. There are some issues with some of the leaders, but the head instructor is good. 




 I prefer NameCheap.com. A little cheaper than GoDaddy and I like the domain management system better. 
























