




 way too cool. cant help but repost it here 














 A Playing nook is awesome or you can do the room of harry potter. But first let your son watch the whole harry potter series so that he can appreciate it so that he'll think youre a cool parent. By the way  i like your stairs  




 There are some things that a computer cant do but i dont think computers are a bad thing it makes  work life easy and it's up to the user on how he would want the computer to work to his advantage 




 Definitely. Neutral colors are the best. 




 Good thing you didnt. You know how preggy ladies are with their hormones...  









 Simple   yet the creativity involved to collab is rad. Hahaha. Wanna collab with my snoring?  




 Gaining momentum for spilling additional fluids.  




 NASA could use that as a corporate give-away or token. 




 Wrong timing. :p (audience cue) 




 Alpha-ing small dog. heh heh heh 




 Hopefully no rats will enjoy the tube maze. 





























 This is very sad considering that most mental illness can be cured with proper medication  









 Of course there's money  




 Wow thanks for sharing that I mean some architects are in it for the money. But I think you found your passion. Keep it up!  









 So what will happen ? Will you get back the amount that they charge you with?  




 How much did you get it for ?  




 This just tells us that life is more than what we learn in school. Giving up something you love and never regretting your decision is the most noble thing a person can do. Im pretty sure cameron lyle would make a great impact not only to the person he saved but also to alot of people going through the same thing  




 Ok thanks and im sorry  



















 interesting cars 


































 This is a bit creepy.  




 Are they serious? Hehe maybe all the running clog their thinking caps hehe  














 Ok thanks. Thats good to hear! 




 This is very promising if only it's not that expensive 




 Wow this is good. But is it free?  
























 Ask about the benefits and salary  




 What are they serious?  


































 im in awe that such container can be used as a cheaper alternative to renting a place to put up your business let alone be a stand alone bakery. learn more in this article http://www.royalwolf.com.au/blog/knafeh-bakery-takes-on-australia-from-a-shipping-container/. i might consider this an idea when i put up an organic cafe. Let me know what you think and what businesses can we put up using used containers 
 


































 It's always good to have someone who'll protect you always 




 Find what you are interested in then join clubs that is related to it im pretty sure you'll have a friend in no time ! 




 Truffle?  









 http://www.apartmenttherapy.com/gardening-without-a-garden-10-ideas-for-your-patio-or-balcony-renters-solutions-167221   




 So is it worth it so far?  




 So was it all worthit?  
























 Way to go buddy! What life you've had there! 









 I admit I also read it a couple of times before totally understanding the story. And when you do, you'll really appreciate the novel. Maybe reading still depends on the interest of the reader. I for one cannot get the hang reading the likes of Robert Kiyosaki.  




 I wonder how far can technology go. And can human catch up? What's next after nano-? 




 They should have found an alternative long ago considering the vast profit that they have amassed from their patrons (meaning the loyal children who begged their parents for this very expensive toy). That is if they were really concerned about the welfare of many and not just for their own personal gains.  









 Reading is good for everyone, so I am happy when there's a new recruit. And to add to your future reads, 'Brothers Karamazov' by Dostoyevsky is a good one.  




 Leave it as it is. History is imprinted on it already. Just create a copy and put color on it instead. Sometimes, we do more harm than good on things that should have been left alone. 









 They should have done that a long time ago instead of spending more of their national funds on nuclear power plants which they know are harmful to their people.  

















































 We should all learn from the deaf frog which climb the tree: Life is unpredictable and nothing is guaranteed, so dont delay and start living your dream today! Don't let your fears prevent you from achieving your dreams.  














 Congratulations, man! Take this experience to enhance your skills and your knowledge. Show respect to everyone you work with, particularly to those lower than you. They'll help you climb up the ladder to your success.  




 Would definitely want to see this up close. The design seems cold, but seeing something bending the rule of architecture is surely eye catching.  




 That's one great workmanship! And way more satisfying than having someone do it for double, maybe triple the price.  




 People have so many concerns at the moment that they wouldn't even bother to know why someone got fired. And even without a job, she surely can survive. A tough woman there.  




 This looks okay, but would want to drink coffee while shopping? I know I don't. Sorry.  




 How far can architecture go? Hold on tight, so you wouldn't be swept away by the fast moving technology.  




 I read this from the Internet, and I know I had to share it. It will make you think of the phrase: You come in this world with nothing and you die with nothing. One man obviously didnt feel this was the case when he asked his wife, When I die, can you bury all of the money with me?.

He wanted her to put it all in the casket with him. Thinking that she would fulfill his last dying wish he thought nothing more of it.

During his working life this man was a real cheapskate, and only spent when he really had to. He saved it all in this little shoe box you can see below.

When he eventually passed away, He was laid out and his wife sat next to her life-long friend. When the ceremony was just about to finish, and the coffin was about to be covered he wife screamed, Wait one second!.

He was stretched out in the casket, the wife was sitting there in black next to their best friend. When they finished the ceremony, just before the undertakers got ready to close the casket, the wife said, Wait a minute! She walked over and placed the shoebox in the casket.
Her friend asked her, Surely you werent silly enough to put all that money in there! The women responded, Yeh I had to keep my promise, I am a good Christian, Id never break a promise.
The friend said, What! You put every last cent in there with him?!
The women responded, No, I counted it all up, put it in my bank account, and wrote him a cheque!
 









 The reaction of the baby is just so wonderful that it makes me feel sad when he finally realized that not everything he sees is beautiful. But still, the good thing is he can see the beauty of his family.  














 We should not have discrimination like these animals. 
























 Even adults would be caught unawares.  




 How could you focus on work when you have that kind of interruption? I always love cats, but it would be unfair to get one when I know I won't have much time to spend playing with it.  




 I believe there are some window films with various designs that you can use to cover the lower part of your window, so you can keep your privacy which is available in Purlfrost. As for having more of natural light, you can use mirrors or reflective surfaces in your home decor and place them strategically to fill your home with brightness and natural light. If you put mirrors close to your windows, it will bounce light into your space amplifying natural light, and it will make your windows seem bigger and brighter. 




 And if an experiment works, something has definitely gone wrong. 




 If we put more consideration to individuals rather than the species, arent we disregarding the fact that all elements of an ecosystem are important to the functioning of that ecosystem. We think only from a human standpoint, but we cannot look at nature only from a human standpoint because ecosystems are so complex that we wont be able tot totally understand all the connections and actions and interactions happening within them.  
























 Maybe to drive away ruffians and evil spirits. 




 You should be a member of Rick's restoration team with that kind of skill.  









 I understand, and thank you very much for reminding me of the rule. I will be very cautious on my posts when I do it next time.  




 I have a can of beer on my desk now as I am writing this comment. (But hey I am not a binge drinker! I sound so defensive here, don't I?) But yes, I think binge drinking is bad especially when people deny it to themselves that they do. Like in another case of being alcoholic without admitting to yourself that you are indeed an alcoholic.  







































 Such great eye for detail and the steady pulse for precision.  




 You'd be tempted to do the same thing if you keep on watching these cute little buddies.  




 That's the thing about people these days. It's easy for them to point fingers and condemn others for their actions, but they don't see themselves not doing anything. If you don't have anything good to say, and if you don't do anything good to change what you're complaining about, zipping your mouth could be a better idea.  




 I wonder how many women would do this to their men. I can see some special skills and a great deal of affection in there.  




 Dogs will appreciate whatever you do to them. But it's good to see humans showing too much concern for their pets when some only cause heartaches to some of our furry friends.  




 This happens come payday! Where did the salary go?  









 It has been proven many times that friends and business don't go well together. It's either you lose one, or both. It's better to tell them directly that you want to give this a shot on your own. Not because you want to show off, but because you want to prove your worth as a person and as an up and coming entrepreneur.  
























 Seems like the power entitled to being a member of the police force has gone through the head of these officers. I am totally out of words to say except for expletives.  
























 For all bacon-lovers out there, this could be the answer to our love for bacon and concern about getting the perfect bod for summer. http://www.livescience.com/51588-bacon-flavored-seaweed-dulse.html 
It would just feel weird eating something-green-that-tastes-like-bacon.  




 With that amount, giving away the interest he earns for the benefit of the poor would alleviate world hunger because about $30 billion per year is what is needed to end world hunger. More will still remain in his bank account.  




 This could have been more meaningful if they put below the year when the suit was used. It's like you just looked at it and then ask 'What now?'  




 That's some great work in there. I'm sure all Mario fans are green with envy with that carefully detailed kart. I for one want to give it a go.  




 Where was I all these time? What have I been doing? Haven't seen all those movies mentioned.  




 It's been a while since I saw it last, but I wasn't able to see it with this spectacular sunrise. Hoping to go back again soon. (That is if work permits)  









 She sure attracted a swarm of men out there. It was 1944, so is it safe to guess that they were not used to seeing women with too much skin showing? I'm giving a benefit of the doubt here lol! 









 I am not so sure if I would be happy with this news. Yes, they can live longer now, but on the other hand, they still have that disease that is slowly weakening their system. I do hope that they can find a cure to finally eliminate this disease.  














 You've come a long way, man! I'm sure you'll do best in becoming a father because you've gone through a lot. Congratulations in surviving the worst.  







































 If not making new designs, I'm imagining new designs for the next project. If not that, I'm reading books about designs for ideas. Pretty boring huh. And I am not helping you out, am I? I think I have more serious problem here.  














 I read once that war persists to exist because some powerhouse from rich countries are manipulating poorer nations to go to war for their own financial gains. Who do you think can produce those high powered guns and fighting tanks? War is an expensive conflict that oppressed the poor and benefits the rich.  




 I totally envy this dude for the friends that he has. I can't even have one due to busy schedule.  









 I agree with you there, mate. Never believe everything you read on the internet. It is a very dangerous world especially for the young guns.  




 Whatever happened to the international laws against child trafficking and child labor? Where are the authorities responsible for these issues and what are they doing? And if I may say, it doesn't only happen in Asia. It happens in Europe, too. Let us not be partial here and condemn only the poorer countries. That's one reason why richer countries can get away with their crimes because many of us turn a blind eye when it comes to bigger countries.  









 For a lazy and impatient eater like me, this won't do. But I admit that he has some skills there developed through years of practice for sure.  




 Always the view. It's my favorite part working in a construction company. You always get to have a chance to enjoy what other people can't.  














 And that guest book will surely land in a special place of the said hotel. Say a museum. That is, if some unknowing staff will not throw it away in the basement.  





























