 very cool! 




 very good! 




 very cute! 




 I learned the 7/11 breathing method from a counselor...you breathe in for 7 seconds, then out for 11....this will bring a panic attack under control
Hope this helps! 




 pretty cool idea! 




 very cool! 




 very cool pic 




 I certainly don't mean to wait until they are three to read to them, I am just saying by that age they will learn to enjoy chapter books 




 Seems like your food budget is extremely high...you could easily cut that in half I would think 




 I have figured up how much it costs us for mortgage and utilities.  Me and my boyfriend each put $200 in our joint account a week.  Our expenses are about $1200 a month so we have extra in there for home maintenance, a snowblower, lawn mower, etc.  We each pay our own car insurance, cell phones, and 1/2 of the food...keeps things simple, I only write 3 checks a month from the joint account and all the bills are paid. 




 gorgeous! 




 great pic! 




 awesome! 




 what kind of dog is he? very cute! 




 happens here too 




 great pic! 




 so cute! 




 cool!
 




 very cute...have an upvote 




 Plus I think freezer jam tastes so much better than canned!
 




 Read to your kids alot....as soon as they are 3 or so, start reading chapter books, like just one chapter each night... choose classics like Charlottes Web.  It will give them a love for reading when they learn that  not every story ends in 15-30 minutes...and kids who love to read are smarter, because they learn so much 


































 No, but I am so glad that I just let go...I got three wonderful kids and thats all I need...my point is that divorcees nowadays don't sit around eating bonbons all day 




 nope...raised 3 kids for 20 years, and received child support until the youngest turned 8, and a whole whopping $3000 one time payment of alimony...I refused to fight about it in front of the kids and he got nasty so I just signed the papers...oh and since the divorce he has literally had NOTHING to do with the kids, not even a birthday card...and he earns roughly 100k a year, while I made $20,000...but I do know this, I am MUCH happier now
 




 and Walker himself does not hold a college degree 




 Im no expert, but it sounds to me like you are watering too often...with my plants I water about once a week, being sure to let the top inch or so of soil dryout before I water again, and yes, remove all dead leaves, this will help the plant....when I water I water until it runs out of the bottom, making sure to let it drain well and not leave any water in the saucer, since many plants do not like their feet wet
Hope this helps
 




 Not really, as business doesn't get to write laws without the cooperation of government.

I think you meant to say Government doesn't get to write laws without the cooperation of Big Business. 




 I have personally worked with quite a lot of people who actually SHOULD have been on disability...bad knees...bad back...one lady who walked completely hunched over all of the time...mostly age related issues, but I had to bust my hump twice as hard when I worked with them, because even though they were trying, they just couldn't do it...I think SS needs to be expanded myself 




 My charter bill for the same services was about 185 a month, I called a couple of times to see if I could get it lowered, no dice, so I cancelled my cable completely,about 2 months ago which dropped my bill to 95 a month, they called me tonight and offered to give me back my cable for $103 for the next 12 months.  I took it because my bf loves sports and it's only another $8 a month. 




 nice!!
 




 Republicans do not check facts....they have Bill oReilly do it for them
 




 If this is really what's best for America, then I guess the children of those people who use drugs just deserve to suffer even more than they already do with parents as drug addicts huh?
 




 You can easily make some really pretty plant hangers using clothesline and a ring...google it...it'll cost about $2 or so, and would be nice with a christmas cactus or poinsettia
 




 The Fact alone that 4 BILLION DOLLARS was spent on the Mid-term elections should be a wake-up call to everyone.  Just think about what that money could have done to make our country a better place to live!
Public funding only for campaigns really needs to happen.  Our representatives don't spend very much time working for us at all.  They are out fundraising most of the time.  I read somewhere recently that they usually are in Washington 2 days a week tops. 




 very cool 




 WOW! AWESOME pic!! 




 haha so cute! 




 very cute! 




 awww...what kind of dog is he? 









 cute one! 
























 hmmm seems like he overslept and didn't get a chance to read his script before the show  




 GO BERNIE!!!
 




 Point taken.  You are right.
 




 I'm serious...I wish people would stop judging other people by their skin color, religious beliefs, orientation etc.  I am not proud to be a white american. 




 I cannot understand why this seems to be a partisan issue at all.  Sexual abuse is the same regardless of your political or religious beliefs.  Why would these politicians speak out in support of sexual abuse? 




 who knows? Probably millions, those sneaky bastards! /s 




 awesome!!! It's going to Bernie!!! 




 I wish I could upvote this more than once.  PERFECT!!!! 




 *You ask for it.*

So you think she should be a beggar?  

Do you give money to homeless people with signs?   




 I never looked at her as a "charity case"  She was a kind, loving woman who did the right thing, as did her husband and healthcare costs made her a charity case 




 wouldn't you consider a sick person with say cancer needing treatment or someone who needs insulin to treat diabetes as someone who might be desperate?  And where I live anyways if that person does not have a college degree they are probably making $15/hour or less...now if you add health problems, or mental health issues, caring for aging parents, addiction or any other stress, don't ya think we need to help them out?  and collectively we can make sure that those basic needs are met.  I think you are assuming people just don't want to work or pay, they just want a free ride, and sure those people are out there, but they are in the minority
For example we had a family friend when I was young who was 58 and her husband died of brain cancer.  She had health issues herself don't remember what I was young, but I do know she had metal rods in her for something. She had been a stay at home mom and her husband had worked for a place that built big bulldozers and equipment.  Well they weren't rich, but had a nice home and had saved for retirement.  When her husband died they had drained most of the savings on his medical bills then when she got sick and had to have surgery and therapy etc. she had nothing left.  She applied for aid and was denied because she owned a house, so she sold her house and moved into low income housing, had to get rid of her dog because he couldn't be there it was just such a sad story and she was such a nice sweet lady.  And all this time she was so sick too.  I guess that has made an impact on me and I don't want to see that happen to anyone. 




 I think you see taxes as robbery, and I don't so that is where we disagree...I am all for universal healthcare, because I don't want people whether they are family or strangers to die without healthcare so that I can have a little more money in my 401k 




 I would hope that my life is more important than anyones money, and if  i was starving, I can't say I wouldn't steal out of someones garden or something to stay alive....do you think that is bad? 




  I am outraged. I'm outraged that people are insured who should be paying out of pocket or going without treatment. I'm outraged that, to pay for it, the government has to either tax (meaning I lose money), borrow (keeping the interest rate low which means since I'm an investor rather than a borrower I lose money), or inflate the currency (which, again, since I have investments makes them worth less and I lose money

You believe some people who can't afford to pay should go without treatment?  Not everyone can afford it, but everyone is somebody's  
son, daughter, mother, father, brother, sister, or grandparent...if poor people get sick, do you believe that we should leave them to die? Is money more important that a persons life? 




 Well, I'd be super suspicious of a hello kitty wallet too /s
 




 Very well said.  I don't agree with you  about the size of government or that it is evil, it is the politics you cannot trust, but your position on vaccines makes sense to me.  I think government should be bigger with lots more us citizens working in and for the government, so that more people benefit and are better represented.  I am pro choice, and completely agree that the government has no business telling you what to do with your body  




 hear here
 




 A race between Sanders and Paul would make me proud to be an American again
 




 Go home Arizona...you're drunk
 




 


cheeseheads
 




 The Republicans have a message??  I thought they just hated on the liberals...what exactly IS their message???
 
























 My honest guess at this is that the black guy who was carrying the concealed weapon would have been shot by the police when they arrived. 




 I guess all politics aside, I would feel uncomfortable attending a church where people felt the need to carry a weapon. 




 I think they also underestimate how Bernie can motivate people to vote.  Hillary is just the same ole same ole...Bernie gives you something to vote FOR not against. 




 So the solution is.....more guns? 




 Why don't they have HRC on and start asking her questions about Bernie Sanders and his stance on the issues? 




 Thanks for the heads up! 




 This needs to go viral! 




 Just when you think you couldn't love him even more.... 




 Watched and shared 









 WTF???? 




 yes, but that was BEFORE he talked to his corporate donors, they gave him the go ahead
 




 Thanks for the link...took me about 2 minutes to email both of my Senators 




 Happy dance!
 




 Seriously, this guy is running for President? 




 whoops...she really meant to say the people of SC, not her bosses the CEOs /s 




 i love this idea!! Pint of whatever for me, donate that same amount to bernie 




 hmmm...how about a pint for me and a pint for Bernie...donate the cost of a pint of ice cream to his campaign....
or maybe a pint for me, and a pint for the Revolution
 




 Hillary Hate is rampant in the Republican party.  Did you know there is actually a PAC called stop hillary now and their one goal is to end Hillary Clintons Political career??? 




 Power to the People! Go Bernie! 




 Go Bernie! 
























 Excellent! 
liked and shared 




 Stay Classy Bernie! We need you 




 umm....we prefer to be called cheeseheads if you don't mind 




 ok...but you are talking to an old lady here, I was gonna use posterboards and markers hee hee 




 I wanna make posters too....talk to everyone you know about going How about Bern It Up Wisconsin! 




 YIPEEEEE!!!!!!!!! 




 I guess we just need to patiently wait her reply... crickets 




 This just shows how out of touch with the real world she is... 




 Thanks Scott Walker 




 on the issues has him as a socialist senator, not an independant....hmmmm 




 Um...go home Trump....you're drunk... 




 I could always tell when my ex was lying to me because he would touch his face, usually rubbing his eyes when he lied 




 me too 









 Grandstanding 




 Blame the victim 









 right??? 




 And what about all politicians? Our taxes support them too. 




 yes, i know, i was being sarcastic 




 In other news, a bird shit on my car this morning....THANKS OBAMA! /s 
























 Looks like maybe money can't buy everything?

Although I do know it can buy you a haircut and style. 




 but why dont they call hillary a capitalist democrat? or Jeb or Walker Capitalist republicans? 




 LOVE THIS!! 




 i love drum lines! 




 they're afraid that their viewers might google socialist 









 Joined, liked and shared 




 rainbows too...oh the horror! 




 so, then are you advocating for corporate welfare?  Because if they don't pay their workers enough, the taxpayer is on the hook for it 




 There is help for people who are seriously impaired to pay their bills...its why we have social security disability 




 Pass the popcorn please! 




 me too 




 excellent point 




 Yes, this is about a fairer distribution of wealth 




 but only if you're straight /s 




 If a company cannot afford to pay a livable wage, that company is not viable and should close its doors.  Raising wages allows more people to have money to spend into the economy, increasing demand, and therefore creating jobs 




 ummm...good luck with that 









 I don't think any worker is worth less than a living wage...if I want to hire someone for a job and can't find someone to do it for $8 hour I can pay better or do it myself 




 well Roe v Wade was over 40 years ago, and they're still fighting that one... 





























 Madison is in Wisconsin and Minneapolis is in Minnesota 




 Mining, logging and tourism are really what drives the economy up there...jobs are scarce and mostly part-time.   




 Have an upvote...I LOVE THIS! 




 how about 50 videos 50 states, One solution...and then go into the policies that would help that state 




 Ex-yooper here...planning to move back within the next three months..I have a sister and a cousin up there who are Bernie supporters.  Jobs are essential to the UP...the economy is complete shit up there...most people up there are pro-union.  The economy is based on mining and logging. 




 yes...he's tapped into this new magic called "telling the truth" 




 Have an upvote...you almost made me snort coffee out my nose! 




 Scott Walker says he doesn't appeal to most Americans...hmm I wonder if 10,000 will show up for his announcement. (I was there, and I got to shake Bernie's hand!) 




 that was me! 




 especially on a Wed night with only about a week's notice 




 I got to shake his hand!  It is great to have someone to vote FOR instead of just the lesser of two evils 




 or maybe "bern it down" 




 Good on you Macy's...and the people who signed the petition... 




 hmmm...seems like the natives are getting restless....good on you moveon.org and good on you Macy's     




 Good Morning People, WAKE UP! 









 She is trying to look more in touch with the little people. 









 I don't worry about being scammed if the person isn't really homeless, I figure if I give them money, that's money that isn't going to make a CEO richer, and it will help someone out. 




 I'm going! Also, my boyfriend! 




 Bernie has stated that he needs public support on these policies...After he wins, his supporters will need to call and email their reps on these issues to show support.  That's how things can change.  We will need to put public pressure on them. 
























 I agree, and I think Bernie has proven in the past that he will get people out to vote. 




 And watch Inequality for All...it's by Robert Reich...I'd link it, but I can't brain today...I have the dumb 




 "Sanders is merely the latest version of Howard Dean, another Vermont elected official who surged in early polls by appealing to the liberal base of the Democratic Party and running against the establishments early favorite, who in 2003 was Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry."

Yup...and Kerry couldn't get people out to vote.  Maybe the "Establishment" needs to listen to what the actual voters want. 









 BERN IT UP! 




 I want this!!! 




 "Establishment Democrats 2016: Will Feel the Bern" 
FTFY 




 Propaganda: "Why Americans don't (really) take Fox News seriously"
FTFY 




 Go home Trump...you're drunk. 




 Is this real life? 




 Wow...just...Wow 




 BERN IT UP! 




 more seasoning? Bernie's been fighting for equal rights since the 1960s! 




 whatcha hiding scotty?  guess now everyone's gonna start digging...and you havent even announced yet! 




 She likes smaller, more intimate groups, you know, with rich people 




 Hey!! That's me and my bf holding the BERN IT UP poster!! 




 Just a little more common sense from Bernie 




 This is a ploy to keep the anti equal rights crowd happy while the equal rights crowd says, "Well, his wife is for it, so... 
And as far as these death threats go...did this really happen? Or is this just another story they made up? 




 maybe she doesn't want to have to explain her stance on socialism and the like... 




 "We don't need to attack each other" = "We have searched and searched but can't seem to find anything bad about him" 




 Bern it up! 
























 yeah, but its really about turning out to show your support, ya know?
 




 Very well put! 




 Buehler? 




  but in states like mine where the cost of living is absurdly low,

What is the cost of living there for say a single person, one bedroom or studio apartment?  What about commuting? Is there public transportation? 




 They also scolded prosecutors for investigating citizens who were wholly innocent of any wrongdoing, and boasted that the ruling will help protect every other Wisconsinite in the future from tyrannical retribution and capricious government prosecution.

But we want to drug test anyone receiving food stamps. 




 WWJT?
Who would Jesus Test? 




 Hey! Stop giving them ideas! 




 Is this real life? 




 Saying that Hillary would be torn apart for the same thing is really just a dog whistle to those who would vote for her based on her vagina. 




 Go Bernie!
 









 Bernie fans, get organized and be ready to fight for this!
 




 There seriously needs to be a march on Washington...for this and many other reasons. 




 Yes, it's SO hard to find good help these days! /s 




 Buh-bye! 




 not "voluntarily" wanting to work 7 days a week? You're fired 




 I think you underestimate the sheer hatred that the Republicans have towards Hillary. 




 In other words...slavery is okay with the GOP 




 Gorgeous! 




 Or shouldn't and don't. 




 Right again Bernie! 





























 *I'm not talking about personal protection. I'm talking about, for me, the reason why I didn't have a problem with it is I just think it pulls Scouting into a whole larger political and cultural debate, as opposed to just saying Scouting is about camping and citizenship and merit badges and service awards, instead of pulling all these other issues out there. And I was just hoping that they could stay focused on that, that's all," said Walker.*

WTF?? Does this make sense to anyone? 




 WTF?!? 




 um...actually he's jewish... 




 Sanders? Source? 




 Well I match up at 98% with Bernie, but to be honest, if Bernie wasn't running, I have no clue who I would vote for either, or even if I would vote at all 




 Hmmm...makes you wonder how insane this headline will seem in another 20 years or so 




 Check out Sanders...you might be surprised 




 Maybe the billionaires got bored, so this is how they pull practical jokes on each other. 




 and most are receiving benefits because of their low wages 




 well, we were...but we sobered up now...since we can't afford to drink anymore... 




 how does this prove your point? 




 I just posted a source above
 




 https://pplswar.wordpress.com/2015/07/06/how-bernie-sanders-reacted-to-israels-attacks-on-gaza-and-his-position-on-israelpalestine/ 

Here's some reading material for ya! 




 Source? 




     oh pleez!  He aligns politically more with the Pope than Israel! 




 I agree, but I am glad that it happened, because as a white person who has grown up with white privilege, it really opened my eyes to racism and helped me to understand better where they are coming from...Black lives DO matter, and we need to figure out how to put an end to the racism that threatens minorities everyday of their lives 




 I guess 8000 is small, considering none of the big networks reported on it 



















 uh...yeah...we kinda fell asleep... 
























