







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 for the movie of this era, all the actress close up shot was done with very soft light and diffuse filter. making the shot very different from the male actor shot that was in the same scene. 

does anyone here know why this style have been abandon in later Hollywood movies?   




 most awesome scene in cinema history

Megashark eats plane

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUS91CkTN74 




 because comic books movie are hot, so it get made.

I am just shocked at the crappy CGI they get from 65 mil budget.  




 will he still be working on District 10? 




 if you are the police, would you come to the shit part of town at night when guns are firing everywhere?  




 must be because car burning have become too mainstream 




 anus bomb are known to be used before. in a attempt to assassinate a Saudi prince. but the bomb used was only enough to blow up the bomber and the assassination failed 




 Seth Rogen can advice on how to take it all in 




 would be funny if CNN actually give up Wolf. 

that will be a exclusive CNN segment with massive rating.  




  The students are supposed to help transform Pyongyangs skyline with new, cutting-edge architectural designs, such as the Ryugyong hotel, a 1,000ft building completed in 2012.

that hotel was designed in the 80s, how is it cutting edge? 




 dont Frozen make more on merchandising this year? 




 the add in the estimated marketing cost 




 how is making 15 mil in the first weekend almost no money 




 they just release ballons that flop into NK, this is more of a publicity stunt for the camera

the movie surely have already enter the NK black market with USD stick and DVD smuggled from china.  




 it does have some good fight scene. it that is what you like.  




 for Pompeii they did get their money worth in the special effect, it looks quite good, if only it have a better script. 




 his version of Hercules is a financial success, he did carry that film 

the one that tank is the Kellan Lutz version that have terrible effect with even more terrible acting 




 how the hell does I, Frankenstein cost so much money, all the effect in the movie looks cheap as hell 




 they do tweet beheading and mass execution photo 




 maybe buying petrol from the US at market price to give away at almost free price at the gas station is not a good idea?

 




 execution is the punishment for watch SK tv series. so i would guess the same will be applied  




 so he plan to honeydick superman? 




 NK have thousand of trained hackers that have been attacking SK for years 




 why would it not be possible? NK have military unit specificly setup for cyber warfare. there are thousand of trained hackers in NK, south korea have face cyber attack from them for years.

also the NK can hire outside contractor to do the hack or even pay off insider. they got the money from cooking meth to pay those people. 




 when he suit up for the interview, that is Bruce Wayne right there.  




 that is what they mean by not getting theatrical release, movie go straight to video 




 that is because of the plane are first in canada to move to metric. 

in south east asia where this missing plane operate. other than myanmar, everyone have been on metric for decades. why would the same problem happen? 




 if you know how to read mandarin, the comments there would let you know that many of the chinese people are tired of NK's shit. maybe NK also remind them of the dark days of culture revolution with the personality cult. NK is the country they may have become if not for the reform in the 70s.

many call KJU with derogatory name , or fatty kim the third 




 it is only legally available in US and later canada, though it is the hottest movie in china 

http://movie.douban.com/

in china movie website the movie is currently the most discussed film, ahead of Gone Girl 




 dont the major theater chains have policy against showing moview that are on VOD sameday release?  




 The Neutrinos Have Mutated! 

this line was deliver like a serious scientific fact  




 it does not, the small budget movie on limited release will never get the same level of publicity as this movie.

and theater hate same day release on VOD, i believe the big chain have policy to not release movie that are on sameday VOD release 




 you are forcing you body to lose fat when doing exercise, many people just cannot be bother with it while want to lose fat sitting on the sofa.

this is a absolute blockbuster drug if it work. looking the all those fake fat burning drug on the internet you know there is a massive market for it 




 it is a Indonesian plane that gone missing 




 it is highly unlikely anyone to go missing on a plane. people gone missing on land all the time.  




 so do you go on a car which is much more likely to have fatal accident? 




 not likely, it is in shallow sea and the plane dont have much fuel on it to go into indian ocean. they are going to find it soon 




 if flight are cancelled due to the monsoon and thunderstorm, traveling in the tropic would be a bitch, essentially fight grounded for months at time.

in south east asia there could be multiple thunderstorm every single day for weeks at a time.  




 planes use to crash much more often in Indonesia. the last few years have been good improvement to their safety record after a string of crash shake up the industry 




 they re-appeared when the wreckage is found 




 Rodman got totally honeydicked

Skylark represent useful idiot conned into believing all the good thing by a dictator which seen to be a real chill dude. 




 i dont think anyone there would not be so stupid to use their gov controlled internet connection to download it.

they will get it from black market copy of dvd or USB drive that come over from china.  




 but the end was the US agent have been manipulated by the NK honeypot into implementing the NK revolutionary plan, not the CIA plan. 




 i dont see how this is destroying their reputation when they have always been making threats that was never executed.  




 Sony did not even try very hard to DRM their online release.

likely they do it on purpose to let high quality copy swamp the internet 




 of course no mortal can compare to the immortal glorious leader that does not shit 




 they already called SK President a "crafty prostitute" in thrall to her "pimp" Barack Obama.

 




  Nothing gets solved by force

a lot of things are solved by force, most of the border in the world today are settle by war, and many nation only exist because they won their war.

  It'll cost a heck a lot less to solve the issue from the root by properly educating the next generation about religion, faith and the actual lack of scientific evidence about these beliefs.

how are you suppose to do that when ISIS is control of the area and if you open that school to educate the kids of that. the school will be blown up soon and the kids massacred  




 now that is the kind of upstanding organization kids can look up to 




 where did you get this impression, after the hays code ended anti heroes and villain are often the main character in hollywood movie.

taxi driver, godfather, scarface, unsual suspect, LA confidential, se7en, heat, there will be blood ... 




 in some countries, it is required by gov regulation that hero win in the end

 




 foreign film can be much more out there with the tits and bloods.

a example is Cidade de Deus, if Hollywood do a remake of this, they would tone down the violence committed by kids in the movie 




 this are feature of movies from every country, some can be even more over the top than anything hollywood have done.

 




 I have not watch the movie, will I be making a huge mistake if I do? 




 i afraid the south korea will win that game of star craft even when their internet go out, they are just that good 




 Ida is literally porn for photography enthusiast, before i watch it i have doubt about using black and white 4:3 aspect ratio to shoot a modern movie. just a few minutes into it i was amazed by the cinematography and how well it help to tell the story with few dialog.  




 maybe their fax is also under solid black fax attack 




 what make it more plausible is that the world in PR are very much changed by the kaiju war. they show changes that happen to technology, economy and society. 

in Transformers, even after the robots have battled several time in the center of major cities over several years, only minor changes was seen to have happen to daily life of the human character. 




 Clint Eastwood in Unforgiven,

I've killed women and children. I've killed everything that walks or crawls at one time or another. And I'm here to kill you, Little Bill, for what you done to Ned.


All right, I'm coming out. Any man I see out there, I'm gonna shoot him. Any sumbitch takes a shot at me, I'm not only gonna kill him, but I'm gonna kill his wife, all his friends, and burn his damn house down.


the entire final shooting scene is just the most badass shit ever 




 the CGI is much better in PR, there is a real sense of weight behind the robot and monster, you feel the robot running and throwing every punch. 

and every robot and monster are much better designed than transformers. each have different looks and ability that allow you to know which is which instantly. a lot of the robot in transformers looks too much alike. which is very confusing when they fight, especially with the way Bay shot those fight scene. 




 wait, what???? 




 it is a good bet

if they release the movie this week, it will make so much money with all the free publicity 




 did they do unnecessary arrests and summonses before this? 




 like that british movie from 2006 about the assination of bush? 




 because he cancelled the apocalypse 




 the best movie you will not get to watch

if this is a marketing move by SONY, the marketing guy need a raise 




 maybe the same guy that counted the 140% votes for Putin 




 when the screening start, the door closed and speaker start playing the rains of castamere .... 




 how about the movie that show the assassination of Bush that come out when he is still in office?  




 nothing weird, all these are factual documentary film that follow Liam Neeson ass kicking career after his wife die.  




 they will execute you if found with this imperialist pig dvd 









 there are korean that duplicate USB stick loaded with SK movie and tv show to smuggle into NK.

this is a big concern for NK since people see the huge different in material wealth of the outside world through this video,

punishment is death if you are caught

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/north-korean-officials-publicly-executed-for-watching-south-korean-soap-operas-9825170.html 




 NK already investigated itself, found that they have the most awesome human right record in the world, a true workers paradise on earth 




 how is this glorify him? now the entire world know he is a serial rapist that murdered his wife in addition to being a crazed fanatic.  




 That movie is ender's game 




 more mindfuck than seeing magneto, professor x, bane and Jimmy Fallon? 




 the ship will shutdown halfway through the journey and they all die 




 it fires bullet of peace that cure cancer when enter a human body 




 The dock scene

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncW0fQnyOJQ

The whiskey scene

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZYBehUW5c8 




 This man is a scholar and a genius.

Colbert 2016  




 we need a TV series about a police dog that struggle with a cocaine addiction while fighting crime 




 this prove Android is the only way to go for such vital mission. 




 Glorious hacking for Glorious leader 




 does this count as method acting? 




 people still give attention to birth announcement on paper? 




 never trust someone that ask you to die for something if he is not the first person leading the charge.  




 and that people will always think he know nothing 




  there are sect that dont even accept blood transfussion, any kind of blood, homo or non-homo  




 interstellar is one of the highest rated movie this year on china version of IMDB

http://movie.douban.com/subject/1889243/?from=showing

currently rated at 9.2/10 




  He was charged with criminal damage, trespass and breach of bail

the guy is out on bail and he break into police station? 




 did people actually pay money to watch this match? 




 all hail glorious leader? 




 damn Chewbacca kiss Leia behind the back of Han, bros before hos, yo 




 or it make perfect sense 




 how can the dog live with the shame? 




 so he need to start taking drug again for his art? 




 movie are always being remake since the like the 1920s 

people will always want to remake previous movie with the latest movie making technology of their era.  




 it is not about north korea, it is the jokes about north korea in the cultural context of the US will be difficult to understand. 




 comedy that are not purely slapstick does not do well outside of its home market, foreign market would not understand the cultural context of the joke. 




 homeopathic people that are offering BS for serious illness should be arrested. they are endangering the life of these people by giving them false hope and keeping them from getting real treatment. 




 this will be removing entire china mainland internet, pun is everywhere on chinese online forum and their version of twitter.

many people are using pun with different word to avoid harmonization by the internet police. 




 Tropic Thunder 




 so the gay cure group is just his way to meet single gay dude? 




 and those music on vinyl are not compressed? 




 Freak and Geeks reboot by Seth Rogen and James Franco 




 this kind of news come up time and again for the last few year, but how many of the people are just buying the record for hipster living room decoration VS actually listening to it?

I highly doubt vinyl is coming back in any meaningful way. 




 but she will shot you in the head over and over again once you show sign of weakness 
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 alien 3, that movie seriously screw up several important character of the franchise. 




 Dillon, you son of a bitch!

this should be one of it because it resulted in the most epic handshake in the history of mankind 









 there is so much shaddy stuff scientology have been up to, they have to choose some to focus on, else the documentary would be several hour long. read books on scientology if you want all the other detail. 




 if it was made today, the story will take place in a oversea outsource center. and the outsource center desperate to keep the contract from moving to another new outsource center that are cheaper. 




 what will happen to Mitt's jaw if Holyfield land a uppercut with full force? 




 if they want to ban hide and seek, they should not have purposely design the store to be a maze in the first place.
 




 they are literally doing marketing for HBO 




 couch making millions of dollar complain about player entitlement is the clincher. 




 Heat 




 this mean stealth mode is working  




 this is not credible use of nuke, no one would believe he is ready to use nuke for crimea. nuclear deterence only work if the other side believe you are ready to use it. 




 My history may be fuzzy, but i remember learning that a major expansion of the federal government that allow for the mustering of men and resources to defeat the confederate army is what ended slavery in America? 









 Mega Shark VS Giant Octopus, where the shark jump out into the sky to eat a jetliner 




 bringing the wrong beer is surely a violation of the brocode. 




 the weird thing is some conservative are trying to take him down for spreading jihad. 
 




 so only the faith they decide is correct will be allow to have marriage? 




 The upcoming blu-ray release next week is only 165 minutes, will the 4 hour version be release anytime soon?

this movie looks it can be another Kingdom of Heaven where the extend cut make it a much better movie than the one shown in cinema.  




 but he is not conning a child, he is openly asking money for a G650.  




 looks the the Russian way of life have annex Ukraine 




 what is wrong with this, if willing idiots are ready to give money for him to buy a jet? 




 Toy Story  does not have a happily ever after ending. 




 the entire premise of Shrek is a parody of standard fairy tale movie tropes. happily ever after ending is one 




 but Elsa dominate Anna in merchandise sales. 




 For a long time during the movie development Elsa is a villain, the slot for the let it go song is the transformation song for Elsa to become a villain, but when let it go was made, they decided to change the story line and change Hans to be the villain. before that point, Elsa show all the trait of a villain character, and Hans show all the trait of the traditional hero Prince Charming. 




 those are nepotism casting, not really costing any money to cast. 




 happily everafter ending does not lead itself to sequels.

since nothing bad will ever happen to the main characters, how can you make the movie work? 




 the Corgi dont look impressed  




 well, i he want more epic mission that inspire kids, how about he lobby for increase of NASA budget by 100 time current value? 




 he will quit to live a life of peace, but they will drag him back in.... 




 what is the safe word? 




 is this just a marketing move by Tesco to sell boner banana? 




 just one of the most insane thing they have done check out operation snow white

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Snow_White

This project included a series of infiltrations and thefts from 136 government agencies, foreign embassies and consulates, as well as private organizations critical of Scientology, carried out by Church members, in more than 30 countries.[1] It was the single largest infiltration of the United States government in history[2] with up to 5,000 covert agents.[3] This operation also exposed the Scientology plot 'Operation Freakout', because Operation Snow White was the case that initiated the US government investigation of the Church.[3]


Operation Freakout

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Freakout

Operation Freakout, also known as Operation PC Freakout, was a Church of Scientology covert plan intended to have the U.S. author and journalist Paulette Cooper imprisoned or committed to a mental institution. The plan, undertaken in 1976 following years of church-initiated lawsuits and covert harassment, was meant to eliminate the perceived threat that Cooper posed to the church and obtain revenge for her publication in 1971 of a highly critical book, The Scandal of Scientology. The Federal Bureau of Investigation discovered documentary evidence of the plot and the preceding campaign of harassment during an investigation into the Church of Scientology in 1977, eventually leading to the church compensating Cooper in an out-of-court settlement.
 




 most advance sound studio that only mix in 5.1 surround. what is this, the 80s?

also the credibility of the video instantly collapse when they mention the father. they must have fail to dig up more juicy dirt on the guy if that is the only this they have to attack him 




 he better call Saul 




 no, they have almost univeral literacy rate and most arab countries have not been fighting major war since the 70s. several of the arab countries are the richest in the world.  




 Les Cousins Dangereux 




 but she did kill a unkillable immortal in battle due to semantic. 

 




 Lord Elrond have already told her this will happen. kids just never listen to their parent anymore.  




 he was in the greatest american cop show in history - The Wire 




 that movie is no way hot enough to induce such reaction 




 seem like ginger all look like one family?

he did played Julianne Moore's son before in a incest movie.  




 if a .50 cal hit his skull, what can he feel in a split seconds before his head explode like a watermelon? 




 he should legally change his name to Jihadi John, that is a must more catchy name 




 Eike Batista should sue that monk who told him he will be the world richest man by 2017. that man is a con artist 




 she knew Claire will be surfing porn not reading it 









 did you cause them to question their sexuality? 




 is he in deep cover to infiltrate white power group? 




 is this first time that ginger win both best actor and best actress.

and this is on national ginger awareness day


 




 the man is a powerful sexual being 




 what is Diaz doing here, and why she did not bring Peralta and Santiago? 









 does Claire know? 




 more people should watch this show, it is funny as hell. Matt Leblanc should be lock for another Emmy nomination for this season 




 this is a great segment for series. the characters in the show mostly interact with each other in this awkward way and it is so goddamn funny. 




 Triple J : the legend return.  




 shooting still photography is one thing, shooting even a short movie on film would cost a lot of money compare with digital capture where you can use even iphone to shot and process it in the laptop you already own. not requiring special labs and tools for process and editing. 




 Phil again let slip his desire for brown sugar 




 some time you just have to roll the hard six 




 must be a slow news day when they need to comment on a movie that come out more than a year ago 




 can you really call the Osteopathic board a medical board? are Osteopathic doctors even real doctor? 




 Ida is brilliant, the movie have so few dialog and the image are the one driving the story telling. every scene in the movie can be printed out and hang on the wall as art by itself. 




 it is just brilliantly shot, in every scene of the movie. it is certainly the best looking Bond movie ever.  




 but the copying machine lie detector is 100% accurate

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJ5aIvjNgao 




 Cub Scout membership just spiked 




 it is a good choice, unforgiven have some of the most badass quote on revenge in cinematic history

 All right, I'm coming out. Any man I see out there, I'm gonna shoot him. Any sumbitch takes a shot at me, I'm not only gonna kill him, but I'm gonna kill his wife, all his friends, and burn his damn house down.



I've killed women and children. I've killed everything that walks or crawls at one time or another. And I'm here to kill you, Little Bill, for what you done to Ned. 




 a road of damascus moment?

would he now spread the gospel of black Jesus to white power?  




 i think they support repealing obamacare, but they like ACA. 




 Hitler rant video incoming 




 the internet disagree, Loki FTW 




 is this a guy a actual doctor? why he stop a chicken pox, do he also think getting smallpox is a right? 

might as well shutdown hospital ICU and stop all medical operation, those are just messing with natural order of thing.  




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FXN7huKqxM

the scene where mega shark jump out of the water and eat a plane.

i challenge anyone to prove a more epic scene in the history of motion picture 




 Kingdom of Heaven, the cut that was in theater is terrible compare with DVD version 




 Disney princess animation film before Frozen are never suitable for sequel, the story always end with the princess getting marry and live happily ever after.  




 this is totally unnecassary, Charles and Erik OTP forever 




 they should hold a worldwide conference of all the jihadi groups to settle this issue. 

Pentagon will be willing to host the event and provide catering for free. 




 they will be the one in control, the princelings are going to be ruling class, why would they be rocking the boat? 




 nope, that is dude love's fanny pack. Mick have nothing to do with it 




 photography is also not created from physical element, it is light that hit a piece of film or sensor 




 Samual L Jackson, in the sex faces interview 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKmn1ZGDbLg
 




 she did read english at Oxford 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uN_sSXKbzHk

The Hot/Crazy Scale by Barney Stinson can help you with that decision 




 of course, they are giving their kids the best education available to get ahead in life, but local education is for controling the people. you cant have student again go out into the street for democracy protest like 89. 









 Schindler's List Redux : It's ass kicking time

 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiWhU_MoblM

Rosamund Pike on Rehearsing Sex Scenes with Neil Patrick Harris for Gone Girl 

It's all well and good until David Fincher and Ben Affleck show up to watch. 




 Ninja? it is Jonny Karate 




 how you feel about it depend on how much drug you are doing while watching 




 you should understand that leukemia kids cannot take vaccine, they depend on all other healthy kids to be vaccinated to have herd protection from all these preventable disease.  




 100 years from now, people may not remember all the controversy of his business strategy, but if just half of what his foundation's goal have been achieved. the world will be much improved, billions of people will benefit from it. 




 McCain getting senile already? 

the only great thing about her being candidate is the comedy material she will deliver for late night talk show host 




 how do you have workshop on gays? what will it be doing?

and why is there only two sides? 




 so who will stand up to speak for the homophobic side?  




 why would CGI be death knell of cinema when it just make movie special effect look much more realistic and open up all kind of creative possibility? movies that will look fake as shit and impossible to film in the pass have now become possible.  




 I always thought killing yourself because pending apocalypse is a waste of effort. since everyone is going to die in the apocalypse anyway, why go to all the trouble of suicide?  




 eviction is too damn fast will be the next campaign 




 i open the link hoping for some sick sexual stuff, end up with just boring deflategate. 




 Benghaziception 




 why does their hacks all looks like dick move to prevent people having fun. 

first blocking people from playing video game, them trolling an airline disaster, and now messing with facebook. 




 it should be shock to everyone seeing it the first time, the things that they have done and able to get away with is just terrible 




 why would sanction against Russia stop the buying of AK-47 when there are knock off made by so many of countries 




 Iraq having WMD is a know fact and they have use it to put down uprising. there is no lie about it. 

the lie is about the mobile weapon factory.  




 I remember there is a hilarious case of a athlete blaming god for his loss, something like how can you do me like this. 




 make it happen

http://i.imgur.com/BmdQ0wP.gif 




 they really are intent on making the entire world their enemy, have they found hostage of any nationality they dont like to execute? 




 they are not doing this since the French revolution?  




 everyone that can need to be vaccinated to protect those that cannot 




 this title is so murica 




 Romney/Bush 2016? or Bush/Romney 2016? 




 160 lawyers may not be enough for fighting scientology 




 damn kids these days, cannot even show up for work on time 




 the 10 mil can all be use to support the usb stick smuggling operation currently going on from chinese border town. the foreign tv and movie going into NK are the most dangerous things for the regime.  




 why does war need to be declared when there is a perfectly good war still ongoing?

the korean war have not yet ended. 




 looks like seperation of church and state does not exist in Russia 




 How about some respect for satanist?

 




 should water be label to contain chemical element of H2O? 




 of course the way to protest a paper that make fun of all religion is to burn down a rival religious establishment. make perfect sense.  




 "A bunch of rag tag militiamen defeated the most powerful and professional military force on the planet. Why? Because they believed in what they were doing. They were willing to die for what they believed in," 

he is ignoring the fact that the revolutionary army have massive help from the professional military of France?

 




 true AI mean machine can think for themselves and not do exactly what they are told.

the AI will study the human history of self destruction and decide to take drastic measure to safe guard human race from itself. 




 AI will conclude the best way to protect human is to reduce the number of human and keeping human under control so that human will stop killing each other like they have done since the dawn of humanity.

it is the logical thing to do. 




 how is this all white when Selma is nominated for best picture?

and there is also a Japanese animation nominated.

the technical nominees include several non white people.  




 so the pipeline go through Turkey and Greece? not sure if that is such a good idea considering the bad blood between the two 




 i think some of them are undercover sent to check out the place so they left if nothing interesting is happening there 




 i dont think that is what Jesus would do 




 you do know that it is because of the British colonial gov that slave trade stopped in Nigeria? 




 what have happen with the national broadband plan over there? heard about it a few years ago. 




 Eric Clapton, his career highs and lows, the Clapton is God era, Pattie Boyd, the numerous awesome band he was in, the cocaine, the death of his son, the unplugged concert. 
 




 if is invisible in the media, how did you learn about it?

also the problem is that it is very difficult to learn what is happening in boko haram inflicted region of Nigeria and the Nigerian government also cannot provide a answer on what have happen after so many days. even the number of death have not been counted precisely.

when those girl got kidnapped. for months the total number of the girls help by boko haram, their location are not known. 

this article on BBC explain in more detail why it is almost impossible to know what is happening on the ground there

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-30794829

 




 actually you should wish for more banks so they are not too big to fail. 




 The scene where Mark Walberg stop and chugs a cold one deserve a special award on its own 




 if the bank is under assault, many bank CEO would be in jail 




 I am not sure this is family viewing material 




 now the FBI should investigate who have been poisoning him for years, just look at the dude, he is orange. 




 should stop using battle to describe cancer, it is like saying those that die from cancer is just not fighting hard enough like those survivor.  




 streetname getaway  




 Atlantic City casino have bleak future while Macau is rolling in money, it is the most profitable gambling market in the world. 




 he already quit his show to prepare for another run, it is going to be comedy gold 




 i thought it was reported the rally initially was only suppose to be a european affair. it is just those other leaders invited themselve to be there for the photo ops? leading to a ironic scene of so leaders that oppressed journalist at home walking there to support press freedom. 




 the title is incorrect, they dont blame regular generic jews, it is magical jews that are behind this.  




 damn, i thought Ricky Martin have really hit rock bottom suddenly 




 21 Jump Street, was not expecting it to be such a funny movie 




 but earth is in no danger at all from this climate change, it have been much hotter and much colder before and will keep on going. it is the eco system that human depend on to survive that will die and human will die with it. the earth would be totally fine with any other new ecosystem that come after.  




 would the republican party allow this to happen again? this guy would be leading them into another crushing defeat. 

surely there is someone better in the roster to be call up  




 it print 60k and usually only sell 30k, it is at risk of going out of business. now they are almost certain to survive for years to come with massive boots to their distribution 




 IIRC nigeria always maintain they got this under control and soon to defeat Boko Haram. it would be humiliating for Nigeria as an country that are aspire to be the regional power to need foreign troop in their country to take down a rebelion 




 23 Jump Street Medical School already released? 




 who would have know fish are such racist 




 So rare to have honest man these days 




 those idiots already fuck up big time, Charlie Hebdo have low circulation and was close to shutting down before this attack. they have virtually make sure the paper will have massive increase in circulation and certain to survive for years to come.  




 will ISIS take AQ to court for claim over this attack.

 




 this is a Liam Neeson movie  




 the party is not for the daughter, it is for dad to party with jail baits 




 BBC have a 6 part docudrama on Rome which is good.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kW-z7gUbuI

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ancient_Rome:_The_Rise_and_Fall_of_an_Empire

 




 these day, the only place to get quality documentary on nature and history is on BBC. and also some of the PBS series, especially those by Ken Burns 




 the reason why he cannot have an affair is because he is head of the CIA, as someone with access to so many secret, he cannot be in a position which make him vulnerable to blackmail. 




 i think a better idea would be that they make it a animation feature, since Kristin Chenoweth and Idina Menzel are consider too old by the studio to play the role in the live action movie. but they will be perfect for a animation version. 




 if Anna Kendrick's two other musical movie this year are box office hit like into the woods. she will surely be cast in this one.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEdnIvnCko8 




 sexy phil

http://i.imgur.com/IlOGk4S.gif 




 they scan at higher resolution precisely because 4k and 8k are coming to comsumer, they don't want to do the mastering again every time higher resolution release is required

this is a article about the scanning process way back in 2008

http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/click_online/7525143.stm

The digital remastering process begins by scanning the reels of film, frame by frame at 2,000 pixels across, about the resolution of high definition TV. 

At this resolution the machine can scan 18 frames a second, meaning the film moves through the scanner at about two thirds of the true speed. Every single frame can generate 13MB of data. 
Increasingly, the studios are scanning at 4,000 and even 6,000 pixels across, in order to prepare the films for even higher resolution. 

Scanning at these resolutions generates immense amounts of data - a typical 4,000 pixel film will take up at least 12TB, before any work is done on it. 

Luckily, Warner Bros has a rack of machines which provide one petabyte (1000 terabytes) of storage. 
 




 Hans was suppose to be a good guy in the movie, up to the point they started writing the villain song for Elsa. they sort of mess up the point of the villain song when it resulted in Let it go. but after everyone hear the song they decided to rewrite the rest of the movie to fit the song. poor Hans suddenly become the villain since Elsa can no longer be evil 




 Elsa is actually the key to the nation economic boom, since they export ice, she can mass produce ice right at the port ready for export at every season. 

Arendelle would soon be rolling in gold. 




 this show miss two golden shiiiiiieeett moment 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1dnqKGuezo

that scene at the hallway would be legendary if Clay drop the line
 




 I am talking about a 8k tv display not a massive screen 




 because 8k is limit of my vision, even when looking very close at the screen I cannot see the pixels. going over 8k would not improve anything.  




 likely not since the 8k tv already cannot see any pixel even when looking very close to the screen. 16k will not look better, maybe in IMAX size screen it will make sense.  




 Hos before Bros. that is just how string roll 




 http://www.forzasilicon.com/2014/04/8k-is-so-last-month-how-about-19k/

 




 8k camera already in use for several years. bluray and dvd master are scanned in 8k.

there are even 16k digital camera already available 




 is selling ridiculously overpriced speaker cables not profitable enough these days? 




 there is different between 4k and 1080p, it is really clear. not as much for between 4k and 8k if you have seen some of those special 8k demo. it may be beyond human vision capability for 16k tv to make sense 




 maybe I should stay out of this update and wait for 8k which are certainly going to be pushed by manufacturer in a few years and will truly be too much resolution for my eye. 




 what is the point of this project with oil at $50 dollar? how much oil will be produced from the tar sands at this price?  




 is it really a surprise considering the caliber of the director and cast? 




 as a hedge fund manager he underestimated the risk profile of this cut. 




 i have seen the effect of chemo and effect of dying from cancer.

chemo hit you hard but the months of wasting away from the effect of cancer until you die is much worst. 
 




 what is more awful than chemo is dying from cancer, now that would be torture until the end. 




 since people should have control of their own body, does the state allow assisted suicide? 




 21 Jump Street

direct sequel

22 Jump Street
23 Jump Street: Medical School
24 Jump Street: Foreign Exchange
25 Jump Street: Semester at Sea
26 Jump Street: Arts School
27 Jump Street: Culinary School
28 Jump Street: Veterinary School
29 Jump Street: Sunday School
30 Jump Street: Flight Academy
31 Jump Street: Ninja Academy
32 Jump Street: Fireman Academy
33 Jump Street: Generations
34 Jump Street: Return of the Ghost
35 Jump Street: Traffic School
36 Jump Street: Military School
37 Jump Street: Scuba Class
38 Jump Street: Dance Academy
39 Jump Street: The Electronic Game
40 Jump Street: The Retirement Home
41 Jump Street: Magic School
42 Jump Street: Beauty School
43 Jump Street: Mariachi School
2121 Jump Street 




 the police ask him to leave the restricted area, he refuse and pull a gun,

what are the police suppose to do other than shooting him at that point? 




 pervert and confident amy is so awesome 




 that is nothing compare with mercury from coal that are poisoning the entire ocean. 




 it is a very rare circumstance, compare with coal mine disaster than occur every year and kill thousand every year.

that is not include the arsenic, mercury, chromium, cadmium, radiation and carbon released by burning coal that get into the air and water.

 




 this is another case of industry moving oversea, what is Obama going to do to protect small meth business from this foreign competition? 




 why would The Interview be nominated? sure it is not the best comedy of the year, but it is not a bad comedy.  




 Blade Runner is the pinnacle of pre CGI special effect. but current level of CGI would improve many of the special effect shot in the movie, especially the background matte painting. 




 but you are not viewing IMAX at that optimum resolution, when ever the footage was transfer to a DI for special effect and transfer to film for release. it lose resolution.  




 Of all the actress in Hollywood history the one actress which would be the most perfect as live action Elsa is Ingrid Bergman.

http://i.imgur.com/tsOcM4D.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/z6RK6.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/wu8Dz.jpg

even one of her most most famous role is Ilsa

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Do2olZ49M54 




 nope, i rather have a brain aneurysm that kill me instantly than to go through the trauma of cancer.  




 i thought that was always The Edge's job? 




 you can already conclude he is a dumbass when he leave a first world lifestyle to go to a war ravaged hellhole where millions are trying to escape.

he should have exchange his citizenship for any of the Syrian trying to get out if he like to go there so much.  




 I'm the dude playin' the dude, disguised as another dude!  




 in Rear Window, it work very well on Grace Kelly, especially the first scene she appear. the shot make her appear like a goddess in the dream of Jimmy Stewart which was dozing off earlier.  




 CJ promise to return in three year, don't make CJ a liar 




 last year I think it would be Ida, amazing composition in every shot. 
























 at some moment in time, it was a fair exchange for him 









 they must have brainstorm this at the last bilderberg group meeting 









 is this part of the protocols of zion to frame this man with CP?

those illuminati bastard!!!

wait, who the hell is this guy? 




 he is more a Meth Damon type 














 as they said, we are entering a cashless society. 




 this is because if hurricane Isis make landfall, ISIS will be claiming responsibility for the devastating attack. 



















 so this is the weapon for run and gun documentary filmmaking 




 if this version with the original usd drive get out of NK through black market, i think it can be a collector item. 




 it is no to win heart and minds, it is to put a dent on the official personality cult of the supreme leader and state propaganda of a worker paradise. several group have been working for years to smuggle in usb drive of foreign movie and tv show to NK. this is a dangerous poison pill for the authority, literally the most dangerous weapon being used again them.

even if the north korean watching this video does not understand a single word in the video and dont understand the plot. just a display of foreign ways of life will dangerously undermine the regime's message. 




 this method acting have gone too far 









 US movies and tv are popular in North Korean black market. 




 looks like cartman grown up to be the headmaster 



















 of course she have lots of room, she is a Lannister 




 why would gov bailout taxi when there is no damage to the economy if the current medalion system collapse. a new taxi system will come replace, if it cannot compete with uber, it should die as well. 




 it is funny for the family to get compensation for his death? 









 i thought ISP in australia now have to snitch on user that pirated these video? 









 the armadillo bullet conspiracy will appear on the internet soon 









 but the mountian will blow his mind 




 can he still win with africa block voting for blatter confirmed? 




 that is why you dont sleep on the job, cause shit like this will happen 














 and does it involve hulkamania? 




 those plastic surgery for rich people may be useless for humanity, but there is a real need to advancement in plastic surgery, to restore the faces disfigured in accident and war.  




 toy gun manufacture should start their own NRA to defend against this right violation 




 you miss the executive boardroom that come straight out of Dr Strangelove

http://i.imgur.com/zzwYrwp.jpg 









 always attack, never defend is the holy command of L. Ron Hubbard to scientology 









 something have changed with scientology, they have not filed a single lawsuit against HBO, i would have expected them to filed a few thousand lawsuit from every states by now, like their previous war will IRS.  




 i am all for more Al Swearengen and Cedric Daniels hotel management drama 









 i will join Hydra for Annie 




 Jane Krakowski's character also look like a clone of her 30 rock character in the early episodes but later become a character of its own.

 









 they even manage to throw away lip sync battle, a show that come out of their own late night talk show. 









 an instant classic 




 but why did NBC drop this series to netfix when they dont have any good new comedy. 




 it have been a long and hard investigation 









 the student should be directly accepted in university to study law degree 









 did not know this will be a spinoff episode, when Lt Dan show up i was like WTF, is this CSI? then Skyler show up i was like damn. they are going to do spin off again, even after the last disastrous effort. who the hell greenlight this.  




 the be fair, only John Mcclane can mess with that Rickman dude 




 he will most like be sent to a supermax prison for terrorist and spies like ADX florence where he spend 23 hours a day in his cell and have not contact with other inmates even during the exercise time. 




 Vaccination really is a holocaust, vaccine are closed to wiping out several diseases, please do not stop this final solution. 




 if you want to see the source, just go to KCNA website, they always issue threat of nuclear fire raining down on US and South Korea on that website. also there is always article about the awesomeness of dear leader. 




 the trial take just as long as Timothy McVeigh who is indicted in 95 and sentenced in 97.
 




 the trial have been going on for like 2 years, it is not like he was just charge today and got sentenced immediatly 




 the greatest shock for NK defector, other than the shear amount of available food when they cross the border to china, is the blinding light of the city.  




 who the hell keep funding this franchise? 




 if you are a north korean ,would dare to not believe? 




 this is the myth making process for the new leader. books on Kim Jung il have detailed the myth making process for him after he come into power. like changing his birthday to sync with his father and introducing more and more amazing feats that he have done into official text book 




 i thought NRA will only give up their gun if the local gov take it from their cold dead hand? 









 because he just discover you are part of conspiracy, the men is going to get him soon. 




 NSFW, Britta turn the table on Annie

https://uproxx.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/gillian-alison.jpg 




 is that not how fleetwood mac made entire album? 




 nope, he will demand the title match immediately, that is just how he roll in suplex city 









 is there conspiracy theory of entrapment? 




 sign for the establishment of a new heel stable? 









 and everything that happen is Elrond's fault, he should have just kick Isildur into the fire. 














 well, he is still doing 10 years in a  federal pound me in the ass prison as the lowest lifeform in the prison. 




 payoff to limit the damage from 2022, the irregularity there is another issue. 




 i dont think there is financial irregularity in this case, Blatter have to give the right to FOX so that FOX will not sue the ass off FIFA over the TV schedule change of 2022 WC 









 They Took Our Job!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?gl=SG v=768h3Tz4Qik hl=en-GB 




 identify base on race 




 if this is true, that mean the appeal is racial affinity with the actors. is that not racism? 




 never know a man can become so attached to buffet 




 Commado is the shit but the final boss battle with Bennett is terrible let down from the previous epic action.

 




 did snowden just admit to not reading the files he leak and by doing so  recklessly endangered other agents? 




 why should a prisoner not have access to make public statement through lawyer? 




 she is letting the love of Jesus enter his body faster, do not doubt the method 




 his brother is acting dumber that he is, that is why his opponent keep making the mistake of underestimating him, he ride this trick all the way to two presidential election win. 




 why does people just hate her because she is rich? i dont see Julia Louis-Dreyfus getting the same negative comment while she richer than almost everyone in tv or movie. 




 between the pizza place and this, it is clear that refusing to serve gay is a high margin business opportunity 




 i have not check LHC conspiracy for a few years, looks like there is still a actively deranged discussion on it.

Will the Hadron Collider open a gateway to Hell when it turns on in March?

http://metro.co.uk/2015/02/06/will-the-hadron-collider-open-a-gateway-to-hell-when-it-turns-on-in-march-5052153/


The Large Hadron Collider is to switch on its beams at an even higher power this March  and its main goal is to open a gateway into Hell, according to internet maniacs.

The Dark One himself, Lucifer, may even step through and bring catastrophe to our world, YouTuber Freedom Fighter 2127 warns.

The reason for this unusual visit from the Lord of Lies?

CERN officially marked the Year of Light, this week, and inadvertently fanned the bonfire of internet conspiracy  light equals Lucifer, you see.

YourNewsWire reports, Is CERN the most dangerous thing in the cosmos that could lead to the ultimate destruction of the Earth and the entire universe?

Its all preposterous rubbish, of course  based on misreading press releases, and misquoting ancient statements from scientists such as Stephen Hawking  but its an interesting insight into how conspiracy theories start.

Freedom Fighter 2127 says,  They have officially marked this year as the year of light which means the year of Lucifer. So we need to understand just how demonic this year is going to be.

MORE: How to turn your home PC into a UFO detector

MORE: Is this REALLY a cloud? Mysterious UFO pictures from real X-files fan conspiracy flames

Its part of a long tradition of fear of CERN  which believers claim has a logo mirroring the form of the Indian god of destruction, Shiva.

Nigel Watson, author of the UFO Investigations Manual, says, CERN is linked with all manner of conspiratorial and apocalyptic fears. Clyde Lewis writing in 2012 on the Ground Zero website notes:

Is it just a coincidence that CERN is short for the horned God Cernunnos? Is it also a coincidence that CERN has to go deep underground to do their god harnessing experiments? Cernunnos was the god of the underworld.

Going on to state:

The authorities at CERN have done their ritualistic experiments in the underworld and has used unlimited power to turn against the earth. This power has shown that it is causing an increase in earthquake activity and some even claim that it may be the reason for an increase of UFO activity as well.

Now with the CERN experiments starting up again, the fear that they are set on destroying our planet or at least opening portals to other dimensions unleashing terrors of Biblical proportions are being rekindled on the Internet.

As far back as the 1970s UFO expert Peter Rogerson observed that UFOs are an essential part of a growing fear of our impending global doom:

Thus the UFO is an integral symbol of the growing irrationality with its associated apocalyptophilia of the mid-twentieth century. As the two great monoliths of established religion and scientific positivism are crumbling the vacuum is being filled by horrors from the pages of Tudor history.

As with other perceived horrors of science and technology there is always a belief that they will bring about our ultimate destruction and salvation will only exist for the chosen few. The CERN project rather than Atomic warfare or pollution is now the focus for such fears. Personally I remain unconCERNed. 




 who the hell carry $3,200 of cash around in his pocket? 




 but she is not tweeting from jail, the communication go through lawyer. 




 doomsday cult mostly survive the revelation of their bullshit prediction, it always re adjust the reading of the prophecy.  




 that is some iron clad logic right there. 




 the action scene are a side show in the first three movie, the main point are the underground racing scene, riced up car and muscle car with ridiculous modification and NOS injection, the racing scene become much less important in the 4th movie and by the time the rock join the franchise is full on action movie. 




 maybe they should put him on heel run for a while 




 BBC just lost their top striker Clarkson after the locker room bust up, so they will be easy. 









 seen like just a natural outcome of spring break 




 the franchise itself have completely changed from a street racer movie into action movie by the 4th movie and the addition of the rock make it official.  




 should have Paul Heyman introduce the team at the final 




 is this title accurate? dont jailer refer to the guard and warden of the prison? people which have nothing to do with his conviction, unlike the police, DA, judge and jury. 




 it is like everyone in jail said they are innocent 




 they got it easy, Michael Cole die from that devastating F5 




 she got the Sam Worthington treatment. 









 Congressman : Soon, revenge will be mine..... 









 is Doha news not a Qatari news outlet?

http://dohanews.co/qatar-marathon-organizers-apologize-after-runners-lament-event-setup/

One runner who contacted Doha News after the event described the marathon as one of the most disorganized and chaotic events I have ever had the displeasure of attending.

That participant observed hundreds of men who appeared to be laborers, wearing jeans, flip-flops or running barefoot.

Others were forced to walk several kilometers before the organizers obviously realized they would not finish, and so they were loaded back into their busses and sent away, the runner said. 




 this is the full objective, quite funny read

Objectives of Qatar Mega Marathon 2015

Organizing Qatar Mega Marathon 2015 comes in sync with the vision of Qatar 2030 and sport is one of its most important pillars. Qatar Mega Marathon will contribute in spreading the awareness of sports, and as a kind of social responsibility that the sports play in the lives of the nationals and expatriates of the State of Qatar. The Marathon will support the majestic march of sports of our beloved country, as Qatar is considered as the region's sports capital.

Mega Marathon Qatar represents a decisive response to the campaign waged by the sector of envious haters on the success of Qatar to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup, and to their false allegations of persecution of workers and residents in our beloved country. The Marathon will play an active part in promoting the social role of sport and the ideals and values held in common by the State of Qatar. As the Qatari people, Government and residents have all expressed the wish to present the State of Qatar as active around the world as an outward looking state dedicated to the improvement of relations between nations through sport.


The Marathon objectives can be summed up as follows:

Organizing Qatar Mega Marathon represents our commitment to the vision of His Highness Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani, Emir of the State.

Celebrating the Qatari National Sports Day

The image that the Marathon will show how Qatar encourages the non-discrimination attitude among the nations.
Promote the social role of sport. The Marathon is a unique model for it is not just a race but it embraces historical, educational and cultural associations and possibilities

Emphasize the importance of the participation of people with special needs in social events, and enhance their role in building a healthy and prosperous future for the State of Qatar.

Encouraging the spirit of sharing and volunteering in the social events, in order to fulfill the aspect of social responsibility. As many of the youth will volunteer to guide the runners along the Marathon path
Draw the attention of the West   Arab World to the Qatari athletic vision through its various   distinctive activities.
Attempting to allow Qatar to break the world record and enter Guinness World Records with the Largest Marathon in the world after it was confined to the United States of America.

http://qatarmegamarathon.com/en/index.html 




 actually this marathon happen a few days ago, seen to be not much reporting on it in world media, Doha news have a report on how mess up it was .

http://dohanews.co/qatar-marathon-organizers-apologize-after-runners-lament-event-setup/ 




 you mean Natalia Romanova 




 now that it is confirmed Alex going to Caltech, can a Big Bang Theory crossover happen? 









 is FOXNEWS working on a 100 part documentary of Obama gridlock baby? 




 you are late, this racket is the longest running racket out there.  




 but he is selling the most amount of merchandise, that is customer voting with their money  




 sheamus 




 Why they let Jason Jones go and hire this guy? 

i think they should try out Jason Jones and Samantha Bee for a few months for a co-anchor format 




 he was laid to rest yesterday at suplex city cemetery  




 Hannibal fight to the death with kaiju, i am in 




 there is more detail on the abuse that goes on in their prison in the book.  




 his career is not already dead? 




 there is no solid evidence anything have happen to her, if you build you case on the church base on this. your credibility will be destroy if she show up in public. 

why take the risk when there is so many other proven offense to choose from? 




 Seth Rollins to check in soon? 




 it is a flimsy rumour, they would not want to be trapped by spreading an easily disproved rumour. it is smart to focus only on those allegation that have more supporting evidence. 




 judging by how many personal attack propaganda is put online against these two person, you know what they said hurt. 




 this is the result of fact checking by 160 lawyers. if they put stuff in there that can be proven wrong, they know scientology will drown them in lawsuit.  




 car become safer when it have crumple zone that take away energy of the crash.  









 in 2004- 2006 he did preach the scientology believe that psychiatry is evil. which was not a good move for this public image.  




 after that movie come out, viacom ended their long term relationship with cruise because they view the scientology link damage cruise's box office potential. 



















 why is Bieber not banned? 




 did Lesnar new contract mean he will appear every week to beat the crap out of Rollins, that would be TV rating gold.  




 pizza store own by Gustavo "Gus" Fring 




 i never realize i am pratically a vegetarian 




 it is the solution for the German problem 




 because they got lawyers, lots and lots of lawyers 




 how is it going to look if the government launch a war on religion?

cause that is how scientology always present any government investigation on them as, religious persecution.  









 it is already public knowledge what is the name of the co-pilot before today news come out. 




 that have nothing to do with religious divide? 




 they did not lost half its student, they lost half its customer. 




 many think this guy is a idiot, but actually he is just playing this public persona for the target audience that have made him a lot of money.  




 funny discussion on sex scene

Kiera chats about her sex faces in 'Dangerous Method' and 'Atonement'

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKmn1ZGDbLg 




 the movie start with a breach that appear in spacetime, a Stacker Pentecost/Kaiji hybrid emerge..... 




 upcoming TV series on a narcotic dog struggle to protect and serve while fighting a meth addiction. 




 why is she still called a terrorist when she already done the jail time and her group have been disbanded for 40 years?  









 this is no surprise, all the east asian countries are quite xenophobic. 




 the movie will win because it is brilliant examination of the human condition through the method of NOS injection. 




 actually i think they are working against themselves, those counter propaganda is so over the top and ridiculous it will make more people want to see the documentary.  




 wont this be very bad PR? opponent will link this to Nazi gas chamber method.  









 how can vaccine be a big money maker for pharma company? a product that only need to be taken once is never good for profit. they would be more eager to sell boner pill and antidepressant 




 but Cameron is a much better action director than Bay, Bay keep trying to do epic shots but the characters and plot suffer.

Cameron in his movie are able to make you care for the characters and keep raising the stakes with each action scenes until the final climatic resolution. 




 Gravity have the best score in recent years. especially the scene where stone return to earth. 




 late night comedian must be starting a superpac for Ted Cruz 2016 




 goddamm it, i have said again and again, the wall does not work, we need real protection, we need to have the jaeger program started immediatly. 




 all walmart employee need to be packing heat to prevent this event happening again. there is no excuse, they got all the supply they in the store with almost limitless reload. 




 how much more beating can this dead horse take? 




 also Russian and China are in competition with each other to control those central asian gas producing countries.  




 so this is the Canadian anchor baby, wake up sheep, the canuck conspiracy is upon us, and no one is securing the longest undefended border in the world.  




 their actions are only limited by their ability to project power.  




 that is one of the most homoerotic scene in movie history 




 he should save his brain by quiting football 




 Russian and China dont interfere and overthrow government? are you serious? 




 kim jong il is a great film buff, he have NK embassy around the world to illegally make copy of foreign film to sent back to this collection.

he will instruct the NK filmmakers on the technique and style of these foreign movie, all of which the filmmaker are not allow to watch by law.  he even abducted SK director to improve the NK movie industry output. 




 report indicate quite a healthy black market for dvd player. china made generic brand dvd player are very cheap. 

the sentence of being caught watching foreign tv series and movie is death. 




 it is all good if they will all go there and get themself killed, but the problem is that some of them will come back with training to carry out terrorist attack  




 cops shooting a crazy person is by definition a shooting incident 




 i am very impressed with this operation, the balls that it required.  




 Asian parent strikes again 




 have Sean Bean die in a plane crash before in any of his movies? 




 you do realize the last scarface was also a remake? 




 so, remove kebab? 




 knowing what happen in no make the documentary less epic, the show just draw you in from the first minute and take you on this crazy ride that is the life of Robert Durst 




 i dont get how she can consider Paul career is on a downward spiral while he is still doing so many movie tv and video game projects. she is the one that have the much less succeful career in show business. 









 his career will be dead to me if he mess up season 2.  




 22 jump street is pretty good sequel to an unexpected hit 




 what are the ritual we should observe before taking these blessed meth? 




 Why should the cops be punished? editing Wikipedia page is perfectly legal free speech. the only thing they can get is like HR rules violation on wasting office time and equipment.

 









 "Kids don't vote." - The Wire 




 soon...

Avatar 2, the return of the king 





































































 they dont work for Apple. 




 or she discover she was actually a american being brainwash by a Russian mad scientist to become loyal subject of Putin 









 i am impressed by how much work they put into the development of each character, so many people are working on these for months and years to develop and fine tune every detail of the character. i use to think they got just one or two mentor for each talent.  




 online funding campaign for one way first class ticket should be started 




 this is either insanity or refreshing honesty from a politician  














 the deal with Aussie is that nature is always trying to kill them. 



















 he is talking like he is a great family man with such strict family value when he cheated on his wife and have at least one illegitimate daughter. 

his son is caught with 100 gram of weeds and he make it sound like he is a drug dealer.  









 also Invasion USA 
























 it make sense with solar setup in hawaii 




 how do you make unlimited amount of products? 







































 everytime there is this fear for automation in the past, things got better for the workers, dangerous and repetitive work is lost but more high paying and skilled work was created. 




 will it pick up hooker at truck stop and install truck nuts? 




 i got a feeling the yelp rating will go down for this hotel 














 all these star players are stage managed for their appearance in public. 




 to be fair, it is the last piece of a delicious cake, how can you say no to that? 



















 dont the United States already taken over Texas from the Texas republic like 100 years ago? have Texas somehow got away? 




 they are busy having sex with other boys and dog 




 why would they want to claim this clusterfuck? the only two guy that got shot is their guys.  









 well, Florida man and Florida woman take turn at these headline 




 african  countries may have block voting for blatter, also CONCACAF exec have praise Blatter as combination of Jesus, Mandela and Lincoln. pretty clear which way the wind are blowing over there. 














 maybe they will be different when they dont have all those endorsement deal that demand a good public image. 




 especially after he have taken a huge hit of bath salts 














 It is known 




 he is looking set for another landslide victory 




 then this new line up is much more qualified that the previous line up, Jodie Kidd is a part time racer, Guy Martin is full time racing mad man and part time truck mechanic 

Philip Glenister may be there to play the Clarson persona.  




 R+L=S? 









 what is precisely clarkson's qualification or for that matter the other two guys? 

are they not totally out of their depth compare with those guy over at Fifth gear that are mostly racing driver?
 









 the 4th graders are getting an education on how adult can be total asshole 




 they may not be in headline for long, four army are pushing in on boko haram on all four corner.  




 HBO HQ will be destroyed in a riot if Tyrion die 




 Jorah will be forced to watch, a punishment worst than death 




 so the american military is bombing them in response to the flag burning? 




 American flags is globally the most popular flag to burn, no problem have been observed after each burning 









 after so many season of hearing about how much a total badass fighting machine this guy is and never seen him fight, he got his ass kicked the first time he got into some action, damn. 









 actually the governor call in the Texas Ranger, not all the Texas Ranger, just one

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIYZVSElmj4 




 we should all remember that Mourinho greatest achivement in Chelsea is selling David Luiz for 50 mil 









 Is it so unusual for Florida? 









 you always double down, never quit like a pussy 
























 well chess boxing is a awesome sport that need to be in olympic 




 Breaking News : ISIS onslaught began at Colorado, Weeds to be blamed 




 Alex is so awesome this episode, she have been so underused for many episodes 




 she twitted the photo herself 





























 Annie pleasure bot is so hot 









 an  important military allies of the US and the 4th largest trade partner 




 why? the nuke have no military value with any of their enemy. US and Russian military never use it to win war after WW2. both got stuck in the quagmire of Afghanistan with lost of many soldier when they can just blow up the entire country with a few nuke and win the war. they also did not use the nuke in chechnya, ukraine, korea, vietnam. why keep around so many useless weapon when the number they have in stockpile can still destroy the entire world many time over. 




 Both US and Russia are reducing their stockpile 




 before i click the link, i imagine it was prop joe delievering the message of the co-op 




 i will be interested in a documentary about the making of this documentary, how much will scientology fight back against this compare with the previous BBC documentary. 














 we need to get James Bond's take on this as a scot 



















 they are calling him to resign from columbia, not the tv show 




 he is banking on this reputation as surgeon to sell the snake oil, the biggest load of bullshit is when he said his show is not a medical show. but he is wearing scrub on set, and the show is called the Dr Oz show. all to establish his credibility as a doctor giving trust worthy advice to the viewers 
























 Never bullshit a bullshitter 




 this is amateur number, Kim Jong Un got 100%  









 http://www.salon.com/2015/04/26/stannis_the_mannis_baratheon_why_hes_the_best_game_of_thrones_character_and_rightful_king_of_westeros/ 









 if western company pull their factory from third world countries like banglades, their garment industry will collapse and all those worker will go back to even lower paying job with even more dangerous condition. 

it is better to think of way to help the countries to develop like South Korea, Hong Kong and Taiwan that have been the location for sweatshop 50 years ago but through improve education and capital accumulation move on from labour intensive industry to high end manufacturing and service industry. 




 the best moment is when Stannis give protips to Jon Snow, and when he approve, is there a gif for that? 




 did the train really run on time during his reign? 














 Texas man should know that this is the job for Florida man 














 if these undercover dont turn gay by embracing the gay lifestyle so much, i dont know what will. 




 He said he initially denied impregnating the girl in 2011 because the information would ruin his reputation as a teacher.

 During the investigation of this story, Mokoena also threatened to hunt down, assault and kill this journalist.

seen like he is going to be a great father/grandfather 




 i am too, when a news article start with "man" and something stupid/crazy, 90% of the time it is a florida man 














 they say he is full of shit, his reply is that this is not a medical show, so no problem with the bullshit.  














 the obvious thing to do now will be Louis Theroux making a documentary about the making of the scientology documentary 





























 why did the cooling technology changed from being able to cool the summer help to just able to deal with winter heat? dont they promise  air conditioned stadium during the bidding? 




 it become a story because of The Streisand Effect 














 Phil, Claire, Amber, and Ronnie going to get it on this season? between this and Luke drawing his junk, the show have become so much more adult oriented now. 




 Mance Rayder was so pimp on Rome

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGYI1UHK5jM 




 the Koch brothers should take over the Apprentice and start a new season with all republican primary hopeful. winner will take home 1 billion dollar in superpac money. 




 guy with massively popular tv show said he is being silenced by 10 doctors that the public never heard off before? 














 Biden should never be send to Dubai 









 Mourinho still laughing at the bank with his 50 mil 









 those are the marketing guys that said that, legal guys are the one going after the pirates. 




 David Miscavige's niece is also a outspoken critic of scientology 









 just dont read going clear, the current most popular scientology book 




 this is due to the expose that Tidal is illuminati? 



















 there is no sequel, this is about the events that happen when several groups try to send the movie to north korea 




 this summer, the kremlin is ..... Under Siege!!! 




 It is gangnam style 




 no show can handle that much pimp 




 what does the rightful king have to do to get a single person kneel before him? Zod would have more luck getting Superman to kneel at this rate.
 




 the character is likable for the honeydicking process 









 it improve season after season, and this season is off to the strongest start ever, hope it will be a all time classic season. 




 everyone in Seinfeld are also unlikable douchebag, i think it is testament to the quality of the writing and acting that they make these unlikable character funny 




 the Selina and Gary scene should be submitted for Emmy 




 Selina and Gary = OTP 









 come right by the the station and ask for Sergeant Harris 









 this is more damming evidence that he is part of the illuminati, wake up sheep!!! 



















 how big will a horse dick condom be? 









 are you seeing ads on that page? 




 wikileaks is hosting those leaked sony emails, this is part of the leak 









 no regrets!! 









 because it is hard to evacuate in a timely fashion? 




 with one thousand room each, they are going to host 2-3 thousand football fans in each ship. if they got drunk and enraged by the result of a game. it can cause some serious damage on the confined space of a cruise ship if emotion boiled over when they returned to ship. 









 he have already make hundred of millions in his career, if the only thing he is into is drug and prostitutes, i dont see how it will reduce his net worth any time soon. he would be more worry about his business manager stealing his money or making major bad investment. 




 but it is precisely what they claim, the climb have energised his intellect more powerful than any nuclear bomb 




 he raised 4.3 mil in first 9 days, currently too legit to quit 




 how much drug and prostitutes he is doing daily? he is still getting paid millions this year. 




 how dare you doubt the physical prowess of supreme leader 




 the creation of CP itself is child sexual abuse, the demand for CP is in effect sexual abuse of children 
























 Chinese go there to remind themself what a fuck up place China will be like if they have not changed in the 70s 




 Extraordinary rendition is without legal process. this is just rendition
 
 














 well that escalated quickly 




 they should assign White Power Bill to provide him dental care with gardening tools 




 shacked up with Xavi and Pirlo? 




 so this is a plot of big whiskey?  
























 dont some Canadian also think they live in a Harper dictatorship? 














 but spice is illegal 





























 Clapton is God 














 A true 1% biker 









 you mean runs wild inside 









 are you not entertained? 




 which is more likely, someone hack the cars, or someone get drunk and crash? 




 the best solution is all human not allow to drive. so automated cars can drive on the road at maximum speed. 




 they have HR problem like any company, they even fire people for not following HR policy

http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2013/05/shortcomings-of-al-qaedas-worst-employee.html

The AP found the copy of the letter to Belmoktar in a building in Mali formerly occupied by Al Qaeda fighters. It details his faults, from failing to file his expense reports to a lack of teamwork. The highlights, below:

Does not work well with others: "Abu Abbas is not willing to follow anyone," AQIM wrote, referring to Belmoktar by his nom de guerre, Khaled Abu Abbas. "He is only willing to be followed and obeyed."

Failed to meet fund-raising targets: Belmoktar's men held Canadian diplomat Robert Fowler and his colleague hostage for four months in 2008. Fowler wrote a book about it. AQIM "referred the case to al-Qaeda central to force concessions in the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan," but Belmoktar made his own deal, releasing both hostages for 700,000 euros, well below the going $3 million rate.

Poor allocation of resources: AQIM's Osama bin Ladenapproved business model was to kidnap tourists and aid workers, hold them for ransom, then use the money to buy arms and carry out attacks. But Belmoktar didn't manage his resources to their satisfaction, per the letter: "(The chapter) gave Abu Abbas a considerable amount of money to buy military material, despite its own great need for money at the time. ... Abu Abbas didn't participate in stepping up to buy weapons," it says. "So whose performance deserves to be called poor in this case, I wonder?"

Insubordination: "He ignored a meeting in Timbuktu, calling it 'useless.' He even ordered his men to refuse to meet with al-Qaida emissaries. And he aired the organization's dirty laundry in online jihadist forums, even while refusing to communicate with the chapter via the Internet, claiming it was insecure."

Failure to achieve performance goals: "Any observer of the armed actions (carried out) in the Sahara will clearly notice the failure of The Masked Brigade to carry out spectacular operations, despite the region's vast possibilities  there are plenty of mujahedeen, funding is available, weapons are widespread and strategic targets are within reach," AP quotes from the letter. "Your brigade did not achieve a single spectacular operation targeting the crusader alliance." 



















 al-qaeda is a multinational operation, they need a fair amount of middle management to operate the logistic and HR.  


































 you need to wait till Bowser become CEO and launch a hostile take over bid.  
























 they pay the iron price 














 If the gang want a war with the police they will be all dead

Have you seen those military firepower police now have? 



















 what US police forces? 









 Penny Dreadful, you are much more likely to see sudden full frontal male nudity on it than HBO.  














 You cannot stop this important science  




 Twin Peaks is not a restaurant any parent will take their kids to. the twin are not referring to two mountain. 



















 half time is team brain storm session for best zinger 




 Damn it, Reign and Ambrose should know you never let a bro hanging 




 Russia did not sent their greatest player to this game 



















 how is the cops punishing the owner? the owner is ending the franchise agreement for PR reason. 




 he live in Florida, there are many Florida Man out there 














 These guys are really working hard to get their club banned 














 this will be in the battle of episode 9, Kingslanding will be fighting a rampaging mountainstein while Meereen will be fighting stone zombie outbreak 




 this sound like precisely what the biker gangs in Australia said when the gov hit hard on their freedom to associate. 




 Do not go gentle into that good night,
Old age should burn and rave at close of day;
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Though wise men at their end know dark is right,
Because their words had forked no lightning they
Do not go gentle into that good night.

Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright
Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight,
And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way,
Do not go gentle into that good night.

Grave men, near death, who see with blinding sight
Blind eyes could blaze like meteors and be gay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light. 














 Daario 2.0 is pleasuring Danny as they speak 




 now full time Westeros ISIS 




 also little finger's epic burn on the religious fanatic. 









 where can i get the most stable supply of cock?  




 i am interested in becoming a cock merchant, any tips on how to get started? 




 Awaiting the TIFU post from suspect 



















 does it have something to do with that vault? 









 bet they dont tell you this in those tourism ads 
























 this guy have to win the primary, it would be a brilliant election season 
























 Stalin is a master of ethic purging 




 Borat will be mad, Borat should be the one honoured with a statue not this Georgian foreigner.  









 he is trying to go back to the good old days, when footballer take performance inhibiting drug instead of performance enhancement drug 









 How do one decide gay sex reach steamy hot level 









 but that is his primary motive, he is a ginger supremacist that want to kill non ginger people with the cyanide and blow Prince Charles's head off so the ginger Prince Harry may be closer to be king. 









 the street does not know 




 depend if they think he is high risk enough to be sent to the supermax like other top terrorist. 
























 do remember Guy Fawkes is a Catholic supremacist seeking to impose the authority of the Pope on England 














 maybe they will both lose, Hezbollah is moving in strong from the other side. 









 that may be precisely the plan of the botanist 




 wont this mess up the eco system? 




 stem consumption by harder jail time? that have hardly worked after decades of war on drug. 




 media does not always need FOIA request to get police arrest report.

in state with high open government level like Florida, the police will just email the entire report to the reporters or post all the report online. leading to great Florida Man stories everyday complete with mugshot and detail of the craziness.

http://www.miaminewtimes.com/news/how-floridas-proud-open-government-laws-lead-to-the-shame-of-florida-man-news-stories-7608595 




 to be fair, there is a lot of mess up stuff in those mythology. 
 




 i think this have to with the open government level of the state. 




 imagine botanist as the drug lord of the future, if these butterfly eat the leave, maybe the cocaine is deposit inside the butterfly.  




 i think it should, if the creation of the video and photo involve abuse and the demand of it is fueling the creation. it should be a crime to have those material, just like CP 





























 Kim Jong Il have been dead for several years 




 Mic drop. exit stage left 




 it is just Florida Man 



















 this is like the final boss battle 




 you mean her customer experience at BB T trigger this rampage? 









 my coke dealer agree 




 it is a reseau plate in the camera, to help with image correction

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reseau_plate 




 Now you know why Russia ban gay propaganda 



















 if it is not a problem in soviet time, why did Brezhnev need to have a high profile speech to denounce antisemitism in 1981? 









 never? how about the long history of pogrom? 














 if he is a true terrorist, he would be welcoming the death sentence, not a lifetime of solitary in a supermax. 




 they are stone zombie, now Jorad will bring the stone zombie outbreak to Meereen. 




 Lord Friendzone of House Mormont have turn out to be the most tragic character of the entire show. 
























 the sentence for making materially false statement is more severe when it is related to terrorism 




 it is going to be more usefull there precisely because the electric supply grid is shit. 














 the Porsche can never be the same again 









 careful not to be honeydicked 




 is this how the Meereen arc for season 5 end? with a outbreak of stone zombie? 




 are they keep hyping up Stannis to harvest the feels of his death later? we know too well the way those bastards work. 




 if they are going to reboot to make Hugh Laurie the lead, please please have Rowan Atkinson, Stephen Fry and Tony Robinson as his staff. 
 














 he could have a career in tabloid  




 you may be able to get majority to support legalization of weeds and MDMA, but how about stuff like meth and bath salts?  
























 no so familiar with UKIP, but is there large number of UKIP supporter that agree with the general idea of the party but at the same time think Nigel Farage is an idiot? 





























 the is precisely a song to lure people to disaster, in no scenario will this end well for those that follow the call. they will either be dead or in supermax for the rest of their life. 




 Assad receive support of weapon and troops from Iran and Russia, they are always in a uphill battle if the West does not give them heavy weapons.  
























 there is a company named cyberdyne making robotic

their first robotic suit name is HAL....

http://www.cyberdyne.jp/english/ 





























 i dont get why people said football is not popular in the US. the MLS have more attendance than NHL and NBA, and the 94 world cup in US still hold the attendance record after 20 years. 




 CIA does not investigate crime, FBI does, they can investigate all crime that used communication and financial infrastructure of the US. those people dont really need to be in the US when they commit the crime. 




 why are people calling him a whistle blower? he is a crook that got caught and turn informer to save his own ass. 




 Arthur Anderson gone overboard with destroying document 









 there will certainly be some kind of sexual fetish that this apps fulfill  









 i dont think that is the biggest problem with the movie 









 who would win? 









 Causing unnecessary anxiety for those people that are already having a stressful time with air travel and being inside a high value target?  Or that the airport security may shoot him dead in front of his kid that he bring along for this stunt 




 Carrying gun to an airport just sound a incredibly stupid thing to do, how does he think other people will feel when they see a guy not in uniform carrying gun there 




 unless Jaqen H'ghar is actually Arya from the future, come back in time to lead herself on the road to become a badass 




 Zico is already in the race 




 but if he is doing this intentionally, it is a terrible plan, he have no control of his own movement and have to depend on luck to find someone that can free him. 



















 Karsi is showing the sand snake on how have a awesome character introduction within 5 minutes 




 we should all remember John Oliver takes one for humanity 




 Qyburn's work on moutainstein continue, will be completed in next episode? 




 where is Varys now? he should be joining the Danny advisory board now, and get Little Finger and Olenna Tyrell to complete this all star team. 




 how can you be exiled to friendzone when he never even exited friendzone 




 and he will insist on being the lead singer. 




 we still remember the scream 




 an ego trip 




 is he resigning and getting one of his crony to be elected? 




 holyshit 




 The UN cannot do this kind of heavy lifting, it is not a world government with his own army. and a lot of problem rises when you have to beg for troops from different member countries. which may withdraw their troops when the fighting get tough.  




 Swiss police will investigate this national time keeping scandal 




 Buffon later reported Messi to the police, to be deported as an illegal alien 









 it think saddam gassing the shit out of villages count as sectarian violence 



















 Why they enter a mixed league in the first place when this is such big deal for them? 




 Other than his desire for sexier attire for women footballer 














 cannot wait for the day he be extradited to spend 20 years in federal ass pounding prison. 




 what is his final form? 




 Berlusconi + Ancelotti + Ibra.

that is a unbeatable combination  
























 if he give one WC slot without playoff from UEFA to Oceania, Australia will sure jump back to that group and resume beating everyone there 20-0 until the only game that matter with NZ 




 that last remark just sound so funny coming from him 




 FBI new target, Ocean Eleven 




 goddamn it, the palestine issue is just a sideshow, he make it sound like it is the most important thing that happen this week 




 2026, one final score before retirement? 




 WTF is Blatter talking about? 




 damn it, Burt Macklin should bust in the door and cuff Blatter now 




 if the shit than happen this week are not going to topple Blatter, nothing will, it is hopeless.  




 trial by combat 




 goddamn Spain vote for Blatter!!! 




 i thought it will be much closer, sure blatter will win, but not at this margin, how can so many people still vote for blatter after this week? 




 but this is for election with more than two candidate right?

what is the point of voting two round with only two candidate? 




 i am expecting Rains of Castamere to start playing anytime now 




 what just happen? 




 black sepp blatter is bored 




 so i assume once Sepp go black he never go back? 




 move it Zambia 




 Ukraine #1, take that Russia 




 Jerome dont seen to be able to take another round of this shit 




 who will Switzerland vote for 




 I am the captain now! 




 is there only one women voting in 200 FA? 




 Qatar should just sent Nepal to vote for him 




 best korea already voted, they are DPRK 




 why did the camera zoom in to the guy's hand? 




 why FIFA cannot hire a DJ to drop some beat, it will make these guy move faster 




 somebody find pakistan 




 it is "secret" 




 Kim Jong Un just won the election, it is over 




 Jerome going to have a break down on live TV 




 north korea are not impress with these capitalist pig 




 we need instant replay on that, where is the 4th official? 




 for England!!! 




 Portugal seem overly tense 




 what game is england playing? 




 why they cannot just push as button at their seat and instantly all result is in? 




 so much balls that he put dirty money right into bank account under his own name 




 Proven track record to serve all your money laundering need 



















 solid argument there, i am sold on this, someone please let me know where to collect the cash 




 can confirm this is the work of the devil 














 Blatter will use his favourite argument that this is a racist and colonialist statement, that some nations matter more than others.  




 no one else can investigate the labour condition in qatar other than the qatari government 




 you can count all African vote to Blatter, and at least half of Asia 




 those are just off duty soldier going for vacation in Ukraine 









 FBI send over Burt Macklin, he is a son of a bitch 
























 nope, he will make a deal to give up all his evidence on FIFA to not die in prison 




 US still hold the attendance record for WC after more than 20 years. even in Brazil the attendance cannot top the 94 WC. 




 http://www.theguardian.com/football/2015/may/28/sepp-blatter-fifa-africa-zambia

How Sepp Blatter won the hearts and minds of Africa to ride out Fifa storms 




 they really just need UEFA and CONMEBOL to form a rival WC of similar quality.  




 xenophon is a famous greek 














 http://www.theguardian.com/football/2015/may/28/vladimir-putin-fifa-united-states-meddling

Russias Vladimir Putin accuses United States of meddling over Fifa arrests


Vladimir Putin has accused the United States of meddling outside its jurisdiction by arresting officials from Fifa.

This is yet another blatant attempt [by the United States] to extend its jurisdiction to other states, the Russian president said on Thursday.

Putin added that the arrests were a clear attempt to prevent the re-election of Fifa head Sepp Blatter and that the Swiss had Russias backing.

It looks very strange, the arrests are carried out on the request of the USA side, he said.

They are accused of corruption  who is? International officials. I suppose that someone broke some rules, I dont know. But definitely, its got nothing to do with the USA. Those officials are not US citizens. If something happened it was not in the US and its nothing to do with them. 














 extradition of foreign citizen for criminal investigation is normal, countries that have extradition agreement will do this for each other. that is why when you are on the lamb, you run to a countries with not extradition agreement with the country you are running from. 














 Madoff got 150 years, Rajaratnam is also still in jail 




 HBO need to reair John Oliver segment on FIFA 




 i believe they will return to Europa and win it again 




 does not matter, once he is charged anywhere, his days in FIFA is over. 




 Jack Warner is like 70 years old right?

i believe he will cut deal to not die in prison 




 tax evasion, they did not report the bribe as income. and money laundering when they move the cash through US banks 




 http://www.bloombergview.com/articles/2015-05-27/u-s-treats-fifa-like-the-mafia

The prosecutions are being brought under RICO, the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act of 1970, which was designed to prosecute crime syndicates that had taken over otherwise lawful organizations. Roughly speaking, the law works by allowing the government to prove that a defendant participated in a criminal organization and also committed at least two criminal acts under other specified laws, including bribery and wire fraud. If the government can prove that, the defendant is guilty of racketeering, and qualifies for stiff sentences, the seizure of assets and potential civil-liability lawsuits. 









 the Swiss investigation are specific to the two world cup. the US investigation in on CONCACAF and CONMEBOL bribery, 2010 and 2014 world cup.  



















 in 2011 they got Chuck Blazer by the ball, Chuck turn informer and help FBI tape FIFA internal meeting. the foreign corrupt practices act have statue of limitation of 5 years. 




 Adidas must be regretting the endorsement deal that specify their ball need to be on every FIFA press conference table.  




 how much money you will need to paying for these people to be willing to do 20 years in federal ass pounding prison? especially when the ability of the FIFA people to pay is in doubt, there is always the risk that they will also indicted when investigation widen. 

the exec arrested today will give up all the evidence they have to make a deal. that is just self presevation 



















 i thought the Swiss are always on time, why is this press conference still not started? 




 England are now sixth favourites to host the 2022 World Cup following today's developments with the USA among the leading pack to replace Qatar. Ladbrokes have the 1994 hosts at 3/1 to stage the tournament.
Who will host the 2022 World Cup? Here are the latest odds: Qatar 1/6, USA 3/1, Australia 8/1, Germany 12/1, South Korea 25/1, England 25/1, Japan 33/1. 




 more bad news for FIFA

http://www.theguardian.com/football/live/2015/may/27/fifa-officials-arrested-on-corruption-charges-live#comments

World Cup votes - criminal proceedings opened

The Swiss Federal Office of Justice has announced it is now questioning 10 people who took part in voting on the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bids. More to follow. 




 still, he does have a point about the 36 team plan 









 i dont see why these people will do time for Blatter if they got the evidence to turn over for a deal with DoJ. it is not like FIFA are going put a hit on federal witness. 




 https://twitter.com/BillNeelyNBC

Bill Neely @BillNeelyNBC
Charging #FIFA officials on minor tournaments,not #Qatar2022 is like arresting Al Capone on tax charges. #getyourman 




 he already wear a wire to FIFA meeting for the FBI, i think he already given up all the dirt he have.  




 those 15 are going to flip for FBI, just like Chuck Blazer. only question is how much evidence they can produce on the boss. 




 imagine, Sepp Blatter in a Geneva lake front house, hold a golden AK, hitting a huge line of coke, while outside a team SEAL emerge from the lake and take up position ..... 




 you dont mess with Bubba 




 the news got even better

http://www.theguardian.com/football/live/2015/may/27/fifa-officials-arrested-on-corruption-charges-live

Although Swiss authorities have confirmed six arrests took place in Zurich this morning, the Guardian understands as many as 15 people worldwide might have been taken into custody. 




 Jeffrey Webb, Concacaf president, arrested  reports

No names have yet been confirmed by Swiss authorities, but among those arrested this morning is reported to be Jeffrey Webb, president of the Concacaf (Confederation of North, Central America and Caribbean Association Football) federation formerly controlled by Jack Warner. 




 lets hope FBI will sent Burt Macklin over to take these guys into custody 




 CIA cannot confirm or deny that this is true 




 even if oil price rise they will still be in big trouble. they are buying petrol from US at market price to be sell at the pump at effectively free price. the massive market distortion is fueling the massive smuggling operation. the more international oil price rise, the more demand there will be for smuggled petrol from venezuala.  
























 hey, Bloodborne is a PS4 exclusive 









 rebound jihadi 














 Australia take bio security very seriously, even bringing in a piece of dead wood would need to be quarantined properly. 




 did you guys watch him in Wolf hall? he also play a religious leader in that series. several actor on the show was also on Game of Thrones like Anton Lesser aka Qyburn, Thomas Brodie-Sangster aka Jojen Reed, Mark Gatiss aka Tycho Nestoris 




 North Korea are the world leader in making large statue, since they have been making so much of them at home, they have been exporting these expertise abroad. 

http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2014-03-27/north-korea-bags-5-million-for-building-two-mugabe-statues

North Korea may be cut off from much of the world, but the so-called Hermit Kingdom manages to run a thriving multimillion-dollar business building monuments, statues, museums, sports stadiums, and more for a long list of countries, many of them in Africa. Its most recent deal fetched $5 million for two statues of Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwes longtime president, to mark the leaders 90th birthday. 














 is Jorah the Explorer's quest to escape friendzone finally coming to an end? 




 he is not just thinking about doing it, he have make concrete action toward that goal.  




 precisely why he made this statue for himself. 





























 wow, the anti vaxxer found someone dumber than Jenny McCarthy 




 the logic checks out, this is legit warning 




 maybe is written on the sign outside 














 Adebisi would be a great used car salesman 




 He was annoying when introduced 

But pairing with Jonah make him comedy gold 




 He will be at the subway by the end of his first day 




 This episode is on fire, the jokes just keep rolling in for beginning to end 




 the be fair, bin Hammam is the one that benefit most from Qatar winning the bid. for Blatter it make bin Hammam a rival to his reign. 









 this is no way worst than Iraq, hundreds if not thousand can be shot within a weekend in a Iraqi city under ISIS. 




 no, UK is the union of NI and GB.  




 just when you think Florida Man cannot be more over the top, this shit will bring him to a new level 









 update : 18 shot this weekend in Baltimore

http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/crime/blog/bs-md-ci-shootings-20150524-story.html 




 "Just couldn't stand up to the modern urban crime environment, man." 














 he want to sent you to a nice summer camp 




 he did work hard to cheat 

















































 or a buddy cop movie with Paul Giamatti as Chuck Blazer, traveling around the world with his handler FBI agent Chris Pratt to record various FIFA meeting 




 when they started MILF dont mean anything, it is just their fight go for decades, until the headlines become hilarious 




 she never said she see Stannis defeat Bolton in the vision 




 Bolton's fate is already written, their banner will be lowered as Melisandre walk along the battlement of Winterfell,  




 It is on the trailer 




 in that movie they did say Sepp is really good in finding money 



















 the vatican can order him to stand trial because they are the one holding the trial, not sending him over to the local authority 




 surely some production company already have this in development, the story is just too good.  




 pretty sure law have been accidentally pass  




 i dont see the logic in this, he have the gun in his briefcase, while he is surrounded by highly trained man with gun in their holster ready to shoot anyone that come for the President. any time there is an attack before he can reach for his gun the agents would have jump on him to cover him or carry him away from the attacker. in what scenario would him ever have time to take out the gun? 














 also Master of nothingness 














 you cannot be too careful  









 who would have known Edmure have it in him 




 mountainstein going to fuck some shit up, the high sparrow would not know what hit him 









 once a mannis always a mannis, #teamstannisnoregrets 




 next season will be legal drama of Ser Davos fighting foreclosure  









 and the news report will be police chase down kid and shot him in the back 














 Jack Warner is the gift that keep on giving, John Oliver's writing team can just take a few days off and let this guy create his material.  









 they have air superiority against ISIS since western jet are providing air support, and they dont run away from ground engagement like Iraqi army. they seen to know what they are doing and have a solid game plan. 




 it make sense since one of the guy is described as very handsome and have a very big dick 









 the sale pitch is legit for this van 




 it was custom made to survive the coming zombie apocalypse 



























































 the reporters would be double mindfucked 




 finally, cat's evil plan is exposed 









 it could be worst, it could have been Sam Allardyce 



















 but if the opposing team did not score from that corner kick, they are in huge trouble from the lighting counter strike 














 it would be awkward if the partnership is still active when they have to arrest Sepp  




 prostitution may be legal but pimping illegal.  




 The guy is shooting an intruder at his house, how is his killing self defense? 














 on the other hand, it is terrific for people with a lot of debt, all their debt just got inflated away.  






















































 he is in Florida not Texas 














 like the high sparrow inquisition, no one suspect the Franciscan inquisition  














 he can have them broken on the wheel, if Vatican still keep some of their old equipment 














 this is a crime against humanity 














 guess who signed the agreement with the Iraqi to withdraw troops 




 the affidavit to federal court just got unsealed, revealing more information on the hack 




 GW is the one that signed the agreement to withdraw from Iraq 



















 is this just viral marketing for Jurassic World? 









 and you think Brazil and India dont do mass digital survaillance? 




 statute of limitations have long passed on that charge 




 is that after he look into Putin's soul? 




  When historians write about this period in U.S. history, it could very well be that one of the themes will be how the United States lost its global technology leadership to other nations

which nation would US lost the leadership to over this? it is quite clear that all other countries with high level of technology are all doing large scale digital surveillance. British have GCHQ tapping the fiber backbone, Russia have SORM, French just last month pass law to have mass digital data collection , Germany have BND collection millions of phone data and pass along to NSA. 




 the speed analogy is not suitable, the guy withdraw more than $ 3 mil of cash not $ 9,999 









 Ollie going to fuck some shit up, all this season it have built up to this 









 he become lobbyist after politics 




 this is nothing to with gay sex, it is he trying to cover up a case that are already way past statute of limitations 




 that was the entire defense plan, those diabolically clever bastard 




 if he is drinking Macallan 1939, he would not have drank more than half bottle a week with that kind of budget 




 if the terminal ill have access to experimental drugs, would it be ethical for half of them to receive placebo dose? 
























 if he really can't wait why not just share it? 




 just when you think he cannot be more of an asshole 




 Boltons are going to be destroy by the Deus ex machina that Shireen blood magic conjured.  




 wait for next episode, the arrival of the deus ex machina to crush winterfell 




 that dude never see her give birth to vagina monster 




 Sesame Street have been specially designed by child education expert to educate kids. they work on every aspect of the presentation to make in hold the kids attention and teach them some new information every segment.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sesame_Street_research#Background_and_development 




 how is this a poor decision? he sacrifice her to get the deus ex machina to win the war. a perfectly sound decision 




 Daenerys Targaryen cut and run during battle, Daenerys Targaryen, wrong for Meereen, wrong for Westeros

- message paid for by the sons of Harpy 




 the blood magic worked everytime he have tried it. as a leader of men, he must make the sacrifice 




 Stannis just done what Agamemnon have done, Agamemnon sacrifice his daugther Iphigenia to appease Artemis, so his troops can go on to win the Trojan war. 




 That would be the most diabolical plan, no one would suspect 









 the only good thing out of this is that House Bolton will be destroy soon 




 today will always be remember as the day the Mannis hype train crashed 




 after the Mannis hype train crash today, i am getting on this hype train.

 




 if Apache patrol the border. some of the Jade Helm conspiracy theorist will lose their mind, the Obama takeover have come 














 an idea of great genius 









 up next, North Korea to hold UN conference on open government 





























 they are dead serious about this, the earth quake was cause by disrespect for the spirit, and the group are going to be charge in native court.

 









 sure that is the reason 









 china have done it, Yao Ming is an example 









 a lot of drivers are moron and there is always a chance to be rear ended by these moron everytime you drive on the road, no mystery there 



















 nice try, no one that work in apple store can afford to drink luwak 




 only if you have a death wish 









 suggestion for independent did not get majority support.

http://www.radioaustralia.net.au/international/2012-05-18/call-for-independence-discussion-for-american-samoa/946016 
























 but he can do it the other way round, change the appearance of his father and grandfather to look more like him.  




 there are reason why other Samoans dont support this. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/38okr5/us_court_rejects_american_samoans_bid_for_full/

According to Morrison, many on the island feel that American influence in Samoa had already brought a host of changes, like a population boom and more unhealthful food and lifestyles. "Culture is so important to the people of American Samoa that they have fought hard to shield it from foreign erosion," he wrote. "In so doing, they have potentially given up many rights and benefits for which they would otherwise be eligible."

This is essentially the argument that the American Samoan government made when it sided with the Obama administration in the current case. The brief says that American citizenship would also bring new scrutiny to long-standing cultural practices  like limiting the sale of communal land to people with at least half-Samoan ancestry  that might violate the Equal Protection Clause. It's one of the many thorny wrinkles in a case pitting the preservation of an indigenous culture against a broader call for rights. 









 imagine all kinds of Nazi theme sexual depravity have been done to this panties over the years 









 he is not getting into trouble with the sex abuse, he is getting into trouble for trying to withdraw several million of hush money without being detected by bank and lying to FBI about the purpose of the money 




 well, i have seem at lot of male footballer drop to the ground like little bitches after minimum contact. i think they should check on that.

mandatory sex check for anyone that roll on the ground after minimum contact 



















 thug life 









 George Washington are not running away from hoard of ice zombies 




 why the fuck did he not row? 




 he know nothing because he takes the blue pill 









 Ramsay just reject the advice of a room full of much more experienced military commanders, to lead a mission with only 20 man to attack the best military commander of the seven kingdom. he will be skin alive by the morning.  




 i guess the best part would be Havelange comment on Blatter He is apparently good at finding money, 














 i predict the head of most of these FA will be arrested before the game end.

also Argentina FTW 




 this sound like a terrible decision for his football career, he may be warming the bench most of the time. 




 so no chance for the HSBC Premier League? 




 Gazprom Premier League,
Qatar Foundation Premier League,
Visa Premier League,
Mastercard Premier League,
Etihad Premier League,
Emirates Premier League,
Under Armor Premier League,
Nike Premier League,
Adidas Premier League,
KFC Premier League,
Imperial Premier League,
British Empire Premier League,

which of these sound better?
 




 wait for Papiss TIFU post 




 have you seen what issue Bush campaigned on. 

compassionate conservatism, reduce nation building aboard by reducing foreign intervention, reducing the size of the army 









 dont Rooney's agent do this everytime during contract negotiation? 




 well, they are both currently getting hit hard by Hezbollah, Sunni unity maybe? 




 arsenal did that every season, before the meltdown, crisis and recovery.  




 for a sport that are unpopular in the US, how did the 94 world cup totally smash the attendance record of previous WC and still stand until today. 




 friends that bribe together, jail together 




 origi already learn "Next year is our year" 



















 he is no the biggest coward of the lot, just the first to get nail by the FBI and set this thing in motion, now that so many directly implicated we will see much more people snitching on everyone to save their own ass. i would be surprise if anyone of these crook will be willing to do time for each other.   

























































































 it can be yours, just need to take down the potato terrorist 












































 if any action director are to remake The Birds, it should be John Woo 









 how can private school not drop their price when state school are free? 














 What point he is making? it is impossible for any Isis supporter to want to make a Isis cake 





























 Won't the vote fail due to tax issue? 




 who is your sugardaddy? 





























 does this mean Ronaldo will be endorsing boner pill and phonesex hotline soon? that image rights deal cannot be cheap for Lim. he have to be making a lot of new endorsement deal to turn a profit 









 dont Mormons ask that same question? 




 the only solution

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lO2-YxWkRxk 




 requesting RAAF immediate airstrike with incendiary ordinance 




 he escape from max security prison, if he live, may likely be sent to supermax, that may not be a life worth living 














 did Colin Farrell also get the shotgun to the dick treatment?  




 some man just want to see the world burn 









 damn, abstinence really changed since my time at school. 









 this is only dumb if he is trying to not get caught, surely not the case here 
























 riot will breakout and the government will fall if this happen 




 i like the boys to be doing gangsta stuff, not this gov secret mission plot line that seen out of place with the gangster lifestyle. 




 Season 1 was awesome, but Season 2 seen to lost its way a bit 



















 maybe he should be 




 nothing happened would be the future of road rage 



















 the prosecution got a slam dunk case here. the lawyer have to play the long shot. 




 a clean version of hell according to the warden

http://www.cbsnews.com/news/supermax-a-clean-version-of-hell/


Most prisoners spend up to 23 hours a day in their cells, every minute, every meal. The window in their cell is blocked so they can't see the mountains. Inmates can watch a 12" black and white television or read books to pass the time. And if they behave, they may get limited exercise in a one-man recreation pen. 

This was the life terrorist Richard Reid saw when he was brought into Supermax.

"We're escorting him down and his eyes are getting bigger and bigger. He's realizing, 'I'm in trouble,'" Hood says of Reid's arrival.  




 he is joining the most exclusive club of terrorist, gangster, spies, white supremacist and black supremacist

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ADX_Florence#Notable_current_inmates 
























 hover board have been created yesterday 




 wait for his realization moment and TIFU post on reddit 



















 so console are true mustard race? 









 cant the government of those countries most effected by this just give away free condom and free needle exchange? these kind of program are not expensive and many foreign donor can help.  that is unless they have moral objection to the program. 









 he did admit his guilt and say he is sorry 









 the second part of it will be Conan and Andy assemble a couch from Ikea  









 car made in china have been increasing in quality rapidly, a few years ago they are total garbage, now they are ok quality, just boring economic cars with unspectacular performance. in a few more years. they may become a real global player 









 he is currently running wild on Gawker in his sex tape case 




 the gang need to team up again after the nWo threaten global domination  
























 but the Donald already told us he is really rich 









 it could be worst, he could have already been executed in other states 









 all of them have their own spying program. French also spy on US official, German spy on French ... 




 did that student also lecture Daniel Day-Lewis on the nuances of acting? 

















































 there are just too many busybody these days, 30 years ago adult that see kids running around did not even blink an eye, now it is like the kids are in mortal danger the moment they get out of the door alone.  









 they should team up for a special campaign event, that would be a show i pay to see 




 the question would be, is it with the same people 




 the couple should be responsible for the guest they invited, the hotel should sue them for damage 



















 last time i check, he is giving away clemency for non violent drug offenders 





























 the bigger problem with Russia is they freak out about the US weapon system and bankrupt themselve to try keeping up with the development, both can end up with useless weapon system but one country will be broke. 














 one is a total removal of one racial group from a geographical location, another is a flood of bogus tips that was acted on by authority under huge pressure to do something after the attack.  




 this is two very different situation, there are more than 100k Japanese american that was sent to the internment camp, basicly clearing the west coast of Japanese. there are only 751 Muslim detained after 9/11.  




 why shooting keep happening in gun safety class?  














 he should have paid attention at Jedi school, else he will never get arrested after some Jedi mind trick 




 she clearly never read William Shakespeare's Star Wars, those books are the bomb. 




 how will they survive? how can they live on after such tragic disaster? 




 goddam internet spoiler, i have not yet finish the 1000 page biography of Napoleon. 




 did they have x-ray vision? cause that is what you need to see vagina shape. 




 how perverted you have to be to be able to see the shape of a vagina through leotard? 














 not a problem for meth kingpin 





























 they already dictate all kinds of things to their drives 














 he should learn from Charles Manson, even when he implemented Helter Skelter  during a time of high tension, it failed even with the shocking level of violent killing. starting race war are not easy 



















 you better call you local congressman to demand NASA budget be increased, manned mission cost a shit load of money 




 did someone misprint the AIDS prevention manual? 



















 for medical reason? 




 get Alex Jones on the writting staff and you can get some conspiracy 














 i am surprised that they did not take down Jackson when considering putting a woman on a note. 









 of course not all, but someone close to him must have know about his white supremacy view, since he is not even hiding it. 




 the sequel focusing on the true story behind the corruption scandal would be a box office hit, hollywood need to get this in development now. 









 Top Gear have been rebooted before, it can be rebooted again 




 to be fair, just one of stooges is all about the powah 



















 if the crime is high profile 




 Nobody in my family had seen anything like this coming, Cowles said. I said, if it is him, and when they catch him, hes got to pay for this.

did no one in the family see his apartheid jacket?  









 #themannislives!

#teamstannisnoregrets 

in season 6, Stannis will rise again 









 why is Kimmy mindfucking the world with this?
 




 flakka 



















 Agamemnon sacrificed his daughter and the gods are appeased  




 those engraved 1911 look sweat 
























 bedroom anti fapping poster. 









 i thought Disney is swimming in cash after Frozen and all the Marvel movies? plus the Star War movie are likely to break box office record. is this the company that really need to consider layoffs this year? 




 she need Jon's dick to recharge 




 it improve every season, in season 3 and 4 they have the best comedy ensemble on tv today.  




 there must have been some precedent to this situation 














 this is the plot for episode 1 of black mirror season 2, a male sex bot with complete carnal knowledge and willingness to follow every order and listen to every word 
























 Germany only exist after 1870. American already finished their civil at than point. 




 he make 10 cent per record, that is a scandal, he should be making 50 cent per record 



















 Andy Murray is British when he win, Scot when he loss 









 he should retire now, there is no way his career will have a greater moment after the make it rain photo with Blatter.  









 but does anyone need 5 Rolex? 




 PETA would like a word with you 












































 Switzerland have a troubled relationship with financial transparency 









 i cannot decide if this is more fuck up that those poor african footballer conned out of family saving by agents that promise them contract at european clubs, and ended up stranded in europe with no working visa and contracts. 









 TIL Will Smith made enough money to owe $ 2.8 mil in tax before Fresh Prince. 



















 enjoying free gulag vacation 






















































 Saudi are very effective in combating the last wave of terrorism lead by Al Qaeda, they decimated Qaeda in SA by killing half of them and paying off the other half. the carrots and sticks tactic works very well.   












































 UAE per capita income is higher than USA, it is a developed country.  





























 seaweed can be farmed in large scale operation.  









 seen like every time Liverpool sell a player for huge fee, they just turn around and blow it  on overpaying for the replacement 














 who the hell would get naked with a bunch of other guy to protest gay agenda? that is pretty gay 





























 but having the brain of a psychopath and pedophile is not a crime, it dont even mean that person will do anything to harm people. 




 no the most epic one 

http://newsfeed.time.com/2013/04/17/saudi-arabia-deported-men-for-being-too-handsome/ 









 Plot armor  not part of the department standard issue 




 will white power bill be there? 





























 if this happen, big ganja will replace big tobacco 




 all contemplating life after they got fired 




 Ray will be a bro and do him a solid before the wife finds out 




 so they have settle on episode 4 being the shit got real episode for this series? 









 maybe this is how she is getting back at him? 




 Jack Nicholson need to have a talk with her.

 




 Yahoo dont have the video on their site 




 the video are available to everyone with a working internet connection.  and which tv channel have shown the video?  
























 one dont simply go to advanced oral sex before finishing beginner and intermediate   







































 where is his birth certificate? i demand proof he is a natural born American cat 



















 it is a major advantage over many major economy, especially east asian countries like China, Japan and Korea are aging fast and their xenophobic view toward accepting immigrant is going to make very hard for them to compete  in the future with America that are contantly being rejuvinated with arrival of young immigrant.  




 i think it also have to do with the players that Beckham played with in his prime especially in Real Madrid are such high caliber, it make him look less spectacular on the field.  




 i dont know why the media keep asking the parents of the gunman in these kind of mass killing attack about what they think of their son, of course they would no believe it is true.  







































 Gandalf is already doing an old Sherlock movie this year 














 this is a recuring theme among faith healer that claim they have magic cock 














 i am thinking of a movie scenario that open with two bank exec family kidnapped and they are forced to rob each other's bank .... 




 or that Bond could be bad for his career  









 they may need to do so soon, all those people that was arrested last month are surely going to snitch to save their ass from extradition and jail in US. 




 he was caught dead to right, else he would have never give up all his buddy in crime that have given his this luxury lifestyle 



















 Chinese gov have unlimited power to prop up the market without political opposition  




 other than Connery actors that have played James Bond dont have very good career after doing Bond.  



















 it was a stock bubble inflated since last year 







































 half of all the companies at the stock market have currently suspended trading.  




 superman only need a pair of glasses to become Clark Kent 









 how do you steal dick? 




 a true class act 





























 that is for ISIS to decide 




 Stalin is not yet a big player by the time Lenin retire, Lenin did not like him but they are not rivals  


































 the goalkeeper need to do a AMA here 




 we need macronesia to take over from micronesia 
























 another week in Chiraq 




 another countries have already build the fence, Saudi have built a triple layer anti ISIS fence at its border.  









 three time 









 they are not Donald Trump? 









 this is the victory of Norway's justice system, Breivik is reduced to a whinning little bitch, not a hero of his cause that he have imagined.  




 He is held in supermax in 23 hour lockdown and no contact with any other prisoner.

He is in hell 














 internet is such a knowledge expanding tool, 200 years ago, most people in the world dont even have access to a decent library with out of date knowledge, now billions of people have the same ability to check something up on the internet. 




 so you mean greece should leave euro so they can keep borrowing more money to run a deficit budget?  














 i guess, people will just have to buy it with bullets  




 they call out the texas state guard, national guard are under obama command, so they will be in on the takeover 




 why is it too fast? improved transportation have been going on for the last 200 years for most of the world. just 200 years ago people usually only marry people close to their village, the urbanization and improvement of transportation have allow people to meet and marry people from hundred and thousand miles away on regular basis.  




 wait a minute, does he mean he actually consider the reaction to those bat shit insane quote before those words come out of his mouth? 

 



















 i was also thinking this is weird australian will get warning for killing rabbit when he is just showing the kids how to protect the environment. 














 that is not true, the most popular american product i believe is hollywood movies, iphone and android, facebook and twitter 










































































