 Hi Reddit,

My boyfriend has been taking Citalopram (celexa) for his depression for a month now but he has admitted that he has no desire to have sex. I asked if I could make him want to and he said 'please don't do that', I asked if he thought we would any time soon and he said he didn't know.

I was wondering if anyone with experience of this could give me some advice on what to do?
We have been together three years so it's not the end of the relationship if we don't have sex for a while, but I already really miss feeling intimate with him like that, and it's upsetting me thinking we might not get that back any time in the foreseeable future. Especially as we're so young. 
Every time anyone mentions sex I get sad. 
He won't want to change his medication as it seems to be working for him so far, and at the moment I don't think sex is very important to him at the moment. 

I would really like some help with how to handle this, what I can do, and how over people have handled a relationship without sex? 
























 Hi Reddit,

My boyfriend has been taking Citalopram (celexa) for his depression for a month now but he has admitted that he has no desire to have sex. I asked if I could make him want to and he said 'please don't do that', I asked if he thought we would any time soon and he said he didn't know.

I was wondering if anyone with experience of this could give me some advice on what to do? 
We have been together three years so it's not the end of the relationship if we don't have sex for a while, but I already really miss feeling intimate with him like that, and it's upsetting me thinking we might not get that back any time in the foreseeable future. Especially as we're so young. 
Every time anyone mentions sex I get sad and my heart drops and I worry about our future.
 He won't want to change his medication as it seems to be working for him so far, and at the moment I don't think sex is very important to him at the moment.
I would really like some help with how to handle this, what I can do, and how over people have handled a relationship without sex? 
























 He's only on 20mg so not a very high dose...  
























 I suppose in the future it might be a possible for him to do that, but at the moment I think he's probably better on a slightly higher dose.
I'll mention it to him at some point as an option.. Thankyou! 
























 He was diagnosed 1 month ago and given anti-depressants after feeling low for a few months (which has been happening now and then for four years but he has never been to the doctors).
When he was diagnosed he told me he needed space to sort his head out and for me to not talk to him for a few weeks, no-contact.

I obliged and after 1 week he said he didn't like the thought of me being upset and it was all he could focus on so we decided to start texting again and he came and saw me, but he said he didn't know if he wanted to see me again for a while. 

I then saw him that weekend for about two hours, and have seen him once a week since then usually for a night and a few hours the next day. He actually seems completely normal and happy when I have seen him which is nice.

I am not seeing him throughout the week, and he has not come round to see my family I have gone to see his.
He has forgotten our anniversary and I gave him a card but he didn't get me one or offer to pay for the dinner (something he would usually offer on our anniversary)

I feel constantly on edge and nervous he's going to stop speaking to me or going to decide he can't see me. I think I'm having a hard time thinking that the depression has caused the way he has been acting because when I see him he is normal and excited about his job and just not different.

We haven't had sex for about 7 weeks because of the depression and now the anti-depressants have taken away his sex-drive. When we do see eachother we cuddle and it's nice but it's not the same intimacy.

I am really struggling with knowing what to do, I miss him and feel so lonely even though he is in my life and I have have such high anxiety levels at the minute. 

This all may sound selfish but it's just hit me how down I have been for the last month doing everything on his terms and praying he feels better and wants me in his life. 
























 Thankyou so much for your message. I want to stay with him, we have been together for three years and I want to be there for him. But it's confusing me when he acts happy and seems perfectly OK and himself, and then treats me poorly (forgetting our anniversary, not being there for me through things, not seeing me often). I am associating his bad behaviour with what he is going through, but then he doesn't seem any different and I'm finding it difficult. 
























 Thankyou so much, that means a lot. I just need to stop feeling sorry for myself and feeling like I've pulled the short straw when I see other people in happy relationships going on holidays (which we had plans for and have had to ignore) and days out. I would be more miserable without him though, he's my bestfriend.
I'm going to try and ride the storm and be supportive and just be there until I I can't do it anymore and hopefully it'll get better.
Thanks again for your help and your words. 
























 He just doesn't even seem distracted the last couple of times I've seen him. I've known him for a long time and I might be wrong but most of the time he just seems completely normal which is making me find it really difficult to separate the depression from him.
No he doesn't do housework. I do lean on him sometimes, but only for a hug and an 'it'll be ok' kind of thing. He doesn't come to me for emotional support, he doesn't go to anyone - he likes to be by himself when he isn't happy.
 
























 He was diagnosed 1 month ago and given anti-depressants after feeling low for a few months (which has been happening now and then for four years but he has never been to the doctors). When he was diagnosed he told me he needed space to sort his head out and for me to not talk to him for a few weeks, no-contact.

I obliged and after 1 week he said he didn't like the thought of me being upset and it was all he could focus on so we decided to start texting again and he came and saw me, but he said he didn't know if he wanted to see me again for a while.

I then saw him that weekend for about two hours, and have seen him once a week since then usually for a night and a few hours the next day. He actually seems completely normal and happy when I have seen him which is nice, we laugh like we always do. Good things are happening with his job and he is doing really well and has applied for a promotion.

I am not seeing him throughout the week, and he has not come round to see my family in months - I have gone to see his. He has forgotten our anniversary and I gave him a card but he didn't get me one or offer to pay for the dinner we reluctantly went out for (something he would usually offer on our anniversary). He has been going on nights out with his friends. 

I feel constantly on edge and nervous he's going to stop speaking to me or going to decide he can't see me. I think I'm having a hard time thinking that the depression has caused the way he has been acting because when I see him he is normal and excited about his job and just not different.

We haven't had sex for about 7 weeks because of the depression and now the anti-depressants have taken away his sex-drive. When we do see eachother we cuddle and it's nice but it's not the same intimacy and I don't know when his sex-drive is going to be back...

I am really struggling with knowing what to do, I miss him and feel so so lonely even though he is in my life, and because I feel like this I want to confide in him but I can't. 
I have have such high anxiety levels at the minute, little things keep getting to me.

This all may sound selfish but it's just hit me how down I have been for the last month doing everything on his terms and praying he feels better and wants me in his life still.  
























 What do you think I should do? 




 Hahaha!
 I know 6 weeks is nothing I'm just anticipating how long it might be (6 months...) 




 This comment has made me feel better. Thankyou. 
Hearing you say couples go through these problems gives me a lot of hope, and that's all I want at the moment. Thankyou.. 




 He's been taking anti-depressants for about a month now and we have not had sex for about 6 weeks maybe longer. I know he's struggling with everything and I should be patient (which I am being) but I can't help but worry that it will not come back as long as he is on anti-depressants - which will be at least 6 months, maybe more. I told my close friend and she has said she wouldn't be able to do it, and has told me that if it starts to really upset me then I need to do something about it.
I have been with him for over 3 years and I don't want to have to end the relationship just because we are not making love, but I need that intimacy. I really don't want it to get to the point where it's too awkward to even talk about, let alone do, but I can't force him to have sex with me or force him to talk to me about it.
He's said if in a few months he doesn't feel it coming back he'll go to the doctors, but I think if the tablets are working that he won't want to change anything and get the horrible week of side effects again.
I want to talk to him about it but I don't know how to put it without hurting his feelings or his manhood. I just want to be in a normal relationship with him
I feel like I can see an end to our relationship and I am so scared. 




 I'm in the UK where Wellbrutin isn't often prescribed. 

How do you think I should go about talking to him? 




 He's been taking anti-depressants for about a month now and we have not had sex for about 6 weeks maybe longer. I know he's struggling with everything and I should be patient (which I am being) but I can't help but worry that it will not come back as long as he is on anti-depressants - which will be at least 6 months, maybe more. 
I told my close friend and she has said she wouldn't be able to do it, and has told me that if it starts to really upset me then I need to do something about it. 

I have been with him for over 3 years and I don't want to have to end the relationship just because we are not making love, but I need that intimacy. I really don't want it to get to the point where it's too awkward to even talk about, let alone do, but I can't force him to have sex with me or force him to talk to me about it. 

He's said if in a few months he doesn't feel it coming back he'll go to the doctors, but I think if the tablets are working that he won't want to change anything and get the horrible week of side effects again.

I want to talk to him about it but I don't know how to put it without hurting his feelings or his manhood. I just want to be in a normal relationship with him

I feel like I can see an end to our relationship and I am so scared.  




 If you don't mind helping... 




 To be honest he doesn't do a whole lot when he's not feeling like this.
But I have found what you're saying really interesting and from him it seems like something he really does. He gets stressed under any kind of pressure like me asking what we are going to do next weekend and talking about holidays DEFINITELY puts him under a lot of stress.
We have just started talking about holidays again, I don't want to get let down as our big trip that I have been planning all year he has decided against, so we said a small relaxing holiday. But I don't know how to approach the subject without it becoming a big, stressful thing. The thing is we would need to get it booked really soon but I think he will be reluctant against doing that.
I don't know what to do! I think the relaxing will do him some good but I can't force him to book it?  




 Thanks for the help. 
It's nice to hear that you think I'm doing good. I try not to get upset in front of him but sometimes when I have a bad day I just want to see him and get a cuddle or talk to him.
He didn't actually forget about our anniversary because I told him 'it's our anniversary lets go out for dinner' he just forgot to get me a card or present, which he knows I would love. 

I just want to distance myself from the relationship to make me less reliant on him being there but I also can't, because he hasn't done anything wrong and our relationship is still OK.  
























