 Isn't sapphire just about being scratch resistant? Isn't it just as likely to shatter as gorilla glass? 




 I just hope the NSAC lets roy take the time off 




 Typically like The Verge's innovative layout schemes, but does anyone else think that this one was a bit cumbersome ? 




 Good decision. He's been getting walloped lately. Was great to watch in his heyday, that's for sure.  And what a nickname too.. 




 I still can't beat it, but love trying.. nice to see what the final level or 2 actually look like :-p 




 Why hasn't he fought since July? 




  F this cowboy wannabe 




 apparently? For years they had some serious beef, but this ist he first ive heard/seen of Dana actually sitting down for an interview 




 Good interview.. Dana likes trotting out the economy line.. 




 Rage spiral? lol, these folks in hollywood are laughable 




 I hear you, but the "Who is xx?" line, i think, is more appropriate when xx has no accomplishments to speak of.

That said, I don't doubt that Ronda was answering that question honestly. MB isn't exactly widely known, despite his recent tear in the octagon 




 While that is normally a nice response to this type of thing, Brown has 7 wins in his last 8 UFC fights.  4 of his last fights were all KO or TKO, earning him 1 Fight of the Night and 1 Knockout of the Night.  That's who Matt Brown is.  




 lol i watched em all and it's hard not to feel sorry for these guys. horrible instruction all around, just all around bad 




 OH wow, I just watched this clip from Shamrock about a 1-2 punch combo to take down a potentially bigger attacker. it's atrocious.  http://vimeo.com/66950253  starts at 1:30 in.  Almost makes you feel bad for the guy 




 He missed weight 3 times. The UFC folk don't take that in stride.. 




 Reminds me when King Mo, when asked what weightclass he's in, boldly said "I'm a moneyweight, i fight wherever they wanna pay me" 




 James Harrison is one scary dude! thank god he liked it 




 Overeem looks tiny here. He must have hit the gym hard... and all that horse meat!  




 Aww hell naw! 




 Assuming he has to win 1 fight to get another title fight, imagine the unlucky dude who has to be Anderson's stepping stone 




 Anyone think that Silva will be motivated to come back since his pride can't stand the fact he lost to weidman twice in a row? Especially since in the last fight he didnt get to see it all the way through? 




 Michael Bisping.. florian actually got to have a title fight 




 I'm all about stacked lineups and watching rising stars. I just wish some of the superstars were scheduled to fight more frequently than once every 6-7 months. Also, consider that just 1 more championship fight per division a year is one more chance for an up and coming star to go after that belt. Benefits everyone all around as it gives challengers a chance and current champions an opportunity to further cement their legacy.

In a particularly brutal fight (i.e jon jones vs AG), sure, take a few months off. But with Weidman in tip top shape, why put him on the shelf for so long? 




 annoying thing is that Anderson Silva back in the day was pretty vocal about wanting to fight more.. and we still just saw him twice a year 




 Beagle puppy 




 I like how they sprinkled some fan reactions in there 




 Lorenzo look like the big boss man per usual. Saying little, yet oh so intimidating 




 lol, well done mysterious stranger
 




 Keep an eye out for GSP's Watson impression and which (shockingly) UFC fighter isn't a fan of Watson's antics 




 Elephants don't have keys 




 This has to be one of the WORST ufc promos. bang bang bang? jeebus 




 I believe I read somewhere that Tesla, for the model S, had to decide on maximizing 0-60 acceleration or top speed. Since 0-60 is an advertising point and most folks don't need to go faster than 130 mph, the decision was easy 




 "Now this is very interesting Mike, __________ and ________ actually used to train together back in their days at __________ "
 




 "____ is one scary looking dude!" 




 "Yup, yeah, you can see it right there in the replay. His eyes definitely rolled back. That was a good stoppage" 




 Wow, look at Anderson! 




 Mine seems to get faster as i use it. perhaps its a placebo effect 




 Rampage is lucky he's so damn funny, otherwise he'd be very hateable 




 Sort of a shitty way to go out, on a highly questionable win 




 lol it's the bizarreness of Reddit commenting.. no rhyme or reason! 




 So basically, Georges decided to "fight" instead of jab and go for takedowns.. Maybe, just maybe, he had to go toe to toe with JH because his usual tools were proving to be ineffective 




 Yeah, i did notice his shorts had been Nike-fied and weren't what he usually wears 




 ah, makes sense. I was wondering where "ain't no sunshine" went. Thanks! 




 Was this the first time Anderson came out to that lame song? 




 Ah yes, Stewart! not Howard :-p 




 get back to work howard! 




 The DON speaks!

He did a great job of spinning (or perhaps clarifying) Dana White's tirade re: GSP 




 Great sweep. Not sure why this isn't more common 




 When talking about Jens Pulver, "Little eagle flies again!"

His precision is so precise! 




 Story is from 2011, but sheds some light on the breakup. Short of it is: GSP fired her cuz he didn't need her and her 20% cut. 




 Shari Spencer also manage(d) Frankie Edgar 




 hendricks is a strong dude and looked about the same as always. Nothing to see here, folks. 




 photos? 




 now THAT'S funny 




 "What do you say to GSP now that he wants to step away?"

Dana: "I SAY NO YOU'RE NOT!" 




 ha yeah, what was that?

Perhaps a sign that Hendricks was too confident he had the decision wrapped up...  




 I'll second that! 




 This article should be a must-read for all MMA fans. Super informative. Insightful questions, superb answers. 




 I generally like Gruber, but his reviews are pretty uninformative and kinda boring compared to most others. 




 Anderson is about as big as ortiz and bader for example, two light heavyweights. If GSP was slated to fight them, then all of a sudden people would talk about size difference.  Anderson just cuts down a lot of weight to 185, prolly walks around at 215+ 




 GSP is 4 inches shorter than Anderson who is 6'2.  Anderson is just 2 inches shorter than Jones.

Plus, Anderson is known to cut a lot more weight than GSP, meaning that he's likely a lot closer in weight to Jones than GSP is to Anderson. 




 The GSP v A SIlva superfight was always a non starter when you looked at their respective sizes. Silva vs Jones, now that would have been great pre Silvas defeat to weidman 




 come on now, ya'll! Kos just basically described what GSP did to him. not really any biting analysis from Kos here. 




 Hendricks is thicker and has better wrestling credentials than all of the above listed GSP opponents. Again, hendricks is admittedly an underdog, but he has more tools than previous GSP opponents 




 Perhaps I mis-heard, but I believe hendricks said on UFC primetime that Dolce helps him cut 40.  I suppose, though, that he won't gain it all back on fight night, but still, he'll be a lot thicker than the condit/diaz body types GSP can take down with ease 




 GSP hasn't fought anyone with raw knock you on your ass power before. I'm sorry, but Kos doesn't count. 

Plus, Hendricks wrestling pedigree is better than any of GSPs previous opponents. Also,  Hendricks has a much more, how shall i say, rotund body type that GSP hasn't really faced before (or at least recently).

Hendricks will come in weighing about 210.. that's a whole lotta person for GSP to try and take down and keep down at will.

Not saying Hendricks takes this, but he's better positioned to beat GSP than any of his previous opponents 




 Hopefully other folks at Zuffa aren't as boneheaded as Dana 




 Either way, does add a little bit more excitement to an already exciting match. nice to see hendricks get pumped up  




 Chris Lytle deserved more than one entry also 




 No Dustin Hazellet?! 




 Hendricks (via wikipedia) had a more illustrious college wrestling career than Hughes. 

Also, Hughes never cold knocked anyone out while in the UFC. TKOs, sure, but not "put you on your ass" power despite the fact that he's as strong as an ox 




 Call me crazy, but Hendricks has a better shot than most.

1) He's a better wrestler than Kos and Fitch and anyone else GSP has fought. 

2) He actually has power in both hands, which is not something you can say about any of GSP's past opponents. Before his fight with Kos, Koscheck was being hyped as a knockout artist which was even laughable then

Not saying Hendricks wins this, but he has more tools than any of GSP's other opponents. 




 any love for frank Mir big nog season? 




 lol me either. the ref looked like he'd give anything to run away from the ring 




 "I'm not afraid of his wrestling and I'm not afraid of his jab" ha! 




 ""It seemed like Dana [White] loved it. He was just 'Diego, Diego, Diego.' I was waiting for my compliments and it was 'Diego."  ha yea, all the props seemed to be flowing towards Diego 




 Perhaps not answering the question, but I once had the unfortunate experience of coming into contact with some drunk Matt Hughes fans at a bar once. 




 makes sense 




 Good question. Wondered this when the UFC went to abu dhabi 




 looks like chuck is gainin a little bit of weight 




 I don't think there's any evidence to suggest Rory Mac would be the same draw as GSP. Perhaps I'm underestimating Canadian fans, but as far as I can tell, GSP is in rarefied air.. and his ability to command such huge PPV #s without any recent finishes to his name is impressive!

At the end of the day, there are few bankable PPV stars in the UFC. Wanting GSP to lose in the hopes that someone else takes his place is a risky endeavor. Having GSP lose in the hopes that he comes back triumphantly makes a whole lot more sense.

Don't you think the UFC would have liked Lidell to keep on winning indefinitely? Nothing compares to a PPV draw that backs up #s with wins
 




 "It seems that GSP has been more of an issue than an asset lately for the UFC" --  Stupid. GSP is a PPV money making machine

With GSP talking about retiring -- who knows if he's serious -- a Hendricks win would be great because it may stoke GSP's competitive juices, not to mention setting the stage for an incredible rematch.

As for excitement, sure, I don't find GSP exciting. But there are millions of folks out there getting PPVs that apparently disagree. UFC needs GSP in the mix. What other draws do they have as champions? Weidman? Cain?  Hopefully folks like Aldo and Showtime get some publicity going forward 




 But why not make longer promos for online circulation to really get the  masses pumped up? 




 Great question. I've wondered about that myself. This is especially true for pre-fight hype videos. UFC does a decent job, but some fan made videos really get you pumped up in a way that you have to wonder why they're not working for the UFC 




 How can he have an injury that puts him one punch away from paralysis to a full recovery in 6 weeks? Seems a bit suspect 




 Was aight. Would have been better if he made his showpony remarks there in the ring.  




 annoying as F! how often are you really looking forward to a UFC Debut? 




 "No baby, I like it with the shirt ON... I'm kinky like that" 




 I just wish there was some consistency. That fight gets to go go on but, for example, the Koschek/Thiago fight gets stopped way too soon.. 




 dayum, impressive. though why anyone would take the time escapes me :) 




 That's a big ole' fist 




 oh very cool, much thanks man :) 




 Youtube links to the walkout songs? 




 Diego will clearly always have a home in the UFC. An okami he is not! 




 Definitely the way to transform your average joe into a casual fight fan. THt fight was NUTS in every way 




 F'n awesome dude! 




 I remember before this fight they showed JDS warming up in the back hitting mitts. I remember thinking, "damn, no idea who this guy is, but he can punch hard AND fast 




 vertical increased from 37 to 42.. dayum 




 Dana just rides the wave of public opinion. Overboard indeed. 




 Love Fitch, but politically (and not just based on this interview), he's kind of a nut 




 ha yeah, Rashad is livin' good! Nice mansion, nice dinners... makes getting up early to grind it out much harder 




 Love Rashad, but dude can't even get into prime shape for his fights anymore 




 Old Navy?! 




 when they put drew sharpes body and bike into acid during a cold open 




 what an overreaction 




 This video with the timecode (which i found on this subreddit) is interesting http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyMB5DhJ7Fw 




 "Who cares what it is, the point is, these are some decent generous
people that I can take advantage of!" 




 won't! 




 I just watched Salud recently. All we know is this: Don Eladio told Gus (after shooting his partner) that the only reason he is alive is because he knows who Gus is and apparently about his past in Chile (as opposed to the gentlemanly fellow that Gus rescued from the slums).

I guess it comes down to the fact that Don Eladio could at least trust Gus somewhat 




 Agreed, Oldman by a mile 




 But a helluva way to go out! Two huge surprises. 1) Gus's face blown off after it appeared that he had survived and 2) Finding out that Walt had poisoned Brock in the last shot of the episode. AMAZING 




 The season 4 finale was created such that it could stand as a series finale. This was done because funding for season 5 was unsure at that point, so Face-Off had to stand on its own as a season AND series finale.

AMAZING ep, but would have been nice to see another season of Gus 




 I think "that" was rashad  getting in frront of rampage, and then having the nerve to ask him to move out of the way 




 Kasperky should make their counter arguments available to other victims of the lame ass troll that is Lodsys 




 You seriously didn't just do that..

"Yes i did" 




 Wow, check out the referee's mustache in the photo in the article 




 Sucks, was poised to be a solid matchup 




 The ending to "one minute" when hank takes on the twins is tv suspense at its finest 




 but the psychological aspect of knowing you're going to die and can't do anything about it would have been great to see her experience 




 you would think Apple at this point would be prepared for the traffic 




 deleted.. tried to cover it in green but couldn't figure out how! found out what asac was tho.  




 Why did hank refer to himself as Asac schraeder? 




 Thanks for the feedback! The lined rug is from Orian rugs. Available at Lowes.

Another one from Orian, and available via Home Depot, is this one http://www.homedepot.com/catalog/productImages/400/09/091b04db-8637-443f-9894-e053ddcf28a8_400.jpg


Good Q re: open area. Coffee table isn't that big so the rug should be displayed quite well.  




 This one

http://imgur.com/kUWKfN9 ? 




 was it just me, or did it seem like there has been some plastic surgery :-p 




 agreed. he's typically an insightful dude which made his comments all the more surprising.  




 Something tells me they'll both be fine. Also, it depends on how you define "success". Apple will keep on making more and more money than Steve Jobs could have ever dreamed of, but that doesn't necessarily mean that they'll be as innovative.  Guess we'll see what the iWatch has to offer 




 this looks like microsoft outlook 




 i believe that's part of the plan as well. the patent granting system has appeared to be messed up for some time now. There's even a patent on a golf swing, and of course, the myriad of patents covering unbelievably vague technologies that are nothing more than abstracts 




 yes i will 




 there's a lemon behind that rock! 




 Hellz to the yeah. 20 oz bottles are the worst. Cans and glass are the best.

oddly enough, coke from mcdonalds is the best you can find 




 Good ole' Phil Davis wants to help pick out the ring girls.. smart dude! 




 Nothing like first class on the spruce moose 




 Wow, .. Kurt Cobain 




 Sometimes a title is such that you simply decide not to click through :-p 




 Awesome verdict. lock these a-holes up! 




  I guess that's why they them rapids and not slow-pids.

YOU ARE NOT MY SON! 




 Interesting. Last I saw Alves he was on a milk carton. 




 Bruce Buffer loves talkin about.. well, Bruce Buffer. Likeable guy, though, and he certainly has a lot of tales to tell. 




 When you can talk like Chael, you're in. Plus, dude will fight at moments notice and can hype a fight like no other. Love him or hate him, he keeps fans engaged. UFC loves the 'personality' he brings to the table because, let's face it, some of the best fighters can be kind of blah. 




 Excited for this fight, if only to move the Jones/Silva superfight into high gear 




 James will have more MVPs than Larry Bird who already had more championships under his belt than Lebron did at the same age 




 I wonder if he's buying more interesting pants on amazon in this photo 




 The Yahoo Weather app is the bomb. The pictures are so nice I've added cities I've never been to and have no intention of visiting! 




 noice! 




 Colbert always knows whats up. 




 Perhaps this will only be released in China?? 




 These patent trollls have got to go 




 less than 4 weeks ya'll! 
























 good point 




 According to Tesla's Giga presentation, construction was originally planned to get started in 2014. Is that feasible now given that there's still no site chosen? 




 So far there's no word on where the other 3bn may come from. Panasonic remains non-committal, right? 




 Is the Gigafactory actually gonna happen? 




 Maybe he's just a germophobe 
























 Holy Crap.. something's afoot 














 More than performance, I'm curious what it's gonna look like! 




 Musk also mentioned that the Model E interior may not feature some of the same expensive high-end fit and trim as the Model S 




 Is the market the Model E is aimed at even concerned with 0-60 times? Sure it's a nice cherry on top, but given the price range for the Model E, the more important factors I think will be range/style.

Also, Musk has said the Model E will have a few less features than the Model S to keep it economical (i.e perhaps not as big a touchscreen display) 




 Thanks for the info! 









 Was that about the same margin level Tesla enjoyed on the Roadster? 




 Elon Musk has said a number of times that every single penny from Model S profits is being put back into the company to further develop the Model X and 3rd Gen car.  I was wondering, just how much money per car (base level car) is pure profit that Tesla can put back into the company? 














 Was he THE GUY in automobile design when Tesla snatched him up from Mazda? 












































 Ah thanks. I wasn't 100% sure the model x was being viewed in the same boat as the model S (second-gen).

You think there's a bigger market for the model x than the model s? 




 Then what about the third gen Tesla? 


































 lol, timeless 




 Roy walked away like he knew it was going down like that, like a bowler confidently strutting after a predictable strike 




 holy crap.. he was lining that up for seconds.. literally stalking

sad to see nog go down like that 



















 guida looks like a nut! 




 he's won 3 fon type bonuses over the last 4 fights. He shouldn't be hurting for money. he just wants more based on what Gill's getting.

I'm not saying he doesn't DESERVE more.. im just saying we shouldn't be acting like he's getting chump change cuz he's not 




 That's not the UFC's concern. What diaz does in his own time isn't a factor in what the UFC should pay him.

Diaz opened up a gym to make money, as a business. It's not a normal expense he had to take on. 









 The UFC shouldn't have to foot the bill for Diaz's side businesses 









 60 k to show is great. What are you people smoking?! if he goes 2-1 in a year that's 300 large right there. The whole argument about fighters going in, training, putting their health at risk -- all valid points, but they apply to ALL FIGHTERS.  Diaz in recent time has also won THREE BONUSES.

If Diaz should be mad at anyone it's his manager for not keeping him in the loop and keeping him abreast of all the ins and outs of his contract.

What is really going on here, I think, is that Diaz got a whiff of the $ Gill is getting now and is pissed.

I would hope/imagine that something we can all agree on is that Dana doesn't have to be a big dick about it everytime a fighter speaks up. That Dana should show fighters, on whose backs the UFC stands, more respect and reverence should be expected. Sadly, Dana views fighters as expendable and treats them as such 




 People say these rumors are getting ridiculous. I say they're not getting ridiculous enough! 




 yes. he's an industrial design guy, not a software user interface guru 




 That would be a huge mistake for Apple to let christie go 




 Was this UFC or WWE?  














 But who wears a watch like that most of the time? It's asking the user to change how one ordinarily uses an object 





























 And speaking of poor management, where's the branding? natediaz.com takes me to a bakery?!  All I can think of now is Nick Diaz getting the munchies 




 $300,000 in revenue from 3 fights should be enough for Diaz to live comfortably in any given year. If his contract dropped from 60/60 to 15/15 because of two losses, that's horrible contract negotiating from Diaz's manager. You have to negotiate the upside as well as the downside. 




 Professional athletes in the NBA, NHL, MLB etc perform much more than just 3 times a year. The economics are completely different, the money is completely different.

For how much money Diaz helps bring in, 60/60 a night seems fair, no? 




 300,000 a year pre-expenses puts him at the top 2-3$ of income in the entire world. I think he's doing okay. Seems like he's either a) not managing his money correctly or b) is super jealous of Gil's deal 









 The man sure knew how to make an entrance https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36OHZ51o2qo 









 Someone needs to get Nate a new manager capable of explaining where the hell his money is going. At 60/60, and assuming just 3 fights a year, that's 300 grand if he goes 2-1. After taxes let's say he nets 210k/yr.  subtract managers 10% that's about 190k before training expenses. As far as the economy goes, that's not shabby 




 lol well done homie 









 Voice over LTE is probably the most interesting new detail here. hopefully there will be a surprise or two as well 



















 700 pounder is http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emmanuel_Yarborough 




 i think matt hughes recently said on twitter he could bench 350 




 yet where's the outrage that accompanies UFC paydays?! 




 recently? 




 Everyone hates the big players in tech, especially ones that make $ off of user data 




 I didn't think Palhares held on too long this time 




 Weird right? Ur guess is as good as mine  




 Good ole Leon.. always so insightful! 




 I'm surprised he stopped vacationing 




 Mark Coleman losing to Fedor https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oCnqy8Klaw 




 what have i done to deserve this flat, flavorless manhattan 




 great points 




 Of course back in the pride days, there was barely any turn around time 




 Where's the financial incentive in this for apple? Why would Comcast be on board? 




 The Ben Stiller show once had a great parody of it starring andy dick 




 missed that, will delete. thanks for the heads up! 




 Is that Rousey walking to the cage in fashion boots?  




 Most intimidating guy/girl RW/RR cast members? 

Aside from Timmy, any cast members who can bring the funny as well as you do? 




 To emily? 




 Do you still keep up with any folks from your Road Rules cast? Any chance you'll be back on a challenge? 




 Chael seems a bit taken aback.. he likes talking crazy, but think he wasn't expecting Wanderlei to get kinda crazy up in his grill like that 




 interesting way to look at it 




 Will have to give them a second go-around 




 The first few episodes were atrocious. It really picked up steam mid-way through, with a few episodes really capturing the classic AD vibe. 




 How spot-on that he knew the show was doomed. A damn shame that such was/is the state of TV 




 Any juicy tidbits? Assholes? 




 Not that much more than Netflix/month, and when you add in the shipping, still a solid deal 




 lol no idea 




 meanwhile, chris weidman is watching and thinking "Yes, but red ball doesn't hit back" 




 Nothing like a good squint at a progress bar that is seemingly progressing.. oh wait.. maybe its not 




 Part 2 over here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Jc9AaqGuwU 




 Some great old footage of Tito and Joe Silva 




 Kroll show.. wanted to like it.. but seems so amateur. Seems like a recycled version of the Ben Stiller show 




 Uh oh, that's the kiss of death for his next fight 




 It's a risky move. If only everything on Yahoo weren't so damn ugly. 




 Well done joe silva 




 Needs a bigger win on his Resume, especially with losses to condit and maia 




 Which one is the ex Appler? 




 ah, i didn't realize that there was a TRT limit fighters could be on. thanks 




 so assuming he had a failed test, was it for TRT or a banned substance?  




 lol what a great character Bas is. If only he was in his prime today 




 are you shittin me?! 




 Now this is a headline done right! 




 Wearing the dogtag for extra badassness 




 Kind of sad that he's selling it... and that he still wears a backwards baseball cap 




 And no recourse for victims, of course. Are we honestly supposed to believe that a digital currency like BitCoin is the wave of the future?  




 Agreed. And McMann isn't going to be intimidated, put off by the big lights like Tate said she was. 




 If meisha tate didn't keep trying to bull rush Rhonda, might have had a different ending. Rousey got clipped a few times in that fight. McMann won't be getting tossed around like a ragdoll with Rousey, thats for sure 




 he claims she brings in more money than brock.. wtf?! 




 For all the naysayers, if you follow any of the stories leading up to this, DC is absolutely pissed at Cummins and they've gotten into heated battles on TV. Cummins has called Cormier out for crying, breaking a code of silence from the wrestling room.. and twisting the story as such to make DC seem weak.  Day what you will about wolf tickets, but that term dosen't apply here. 




 That's a good point, and often not brought up in these discussions. All hard work does not create equal value. Sure GSP makes a hell of a ton more than someone like Matt Brown, but he generates so much money for the UFC its insane.
 




 Odenkirk was an SNL writer for a while as well 




 You are correct, that is bob odenkirk. Also interesting is that the dialogue here is almost verbatim what was used on SNL 




 damn, Nate Quarry is on point. Lots of interesting threads here. The UFC needs to realize its the fighters that make the brand. No one says "lets go watch an NBA game!" They say, "Lets check out the Heat game tonight, Lebron is facing Durant" 




 Cormier is fired up! 




 For a retired fella, nick is in better shape than everyone. #triathalon 




 Shits getting real. If Cesar's team went to bellator, who they all gonna fight, each other? Cesar shouldn't drag his other fighters into this situation 




 When's the last time you used an iPhone?
 




 I feel like I'm high looking at this and trying to make sense of it 




 You might say that this photo warrants the description of BADASS 




 Damn, Weidman is taller than you'd expect 




 I think it's from this band  https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/1-18/id496870364?i=496870699 




 Watch em' before every fight :) I'm not who the UFC needs to market to, though, to get to the next level. With fighters often fighting only 3 times a year, the promotional activities can't be limited to a lone Countdown special that airs just one week before a big fight.

The UFC needs to market stars like Aldo and Weidman to the folks who don't typically watch Countdown specials. They need to realize that for the UFC to grow, they need to help make some bankable stars. Look at how much the star power of GSP helped the UFC. And sure, like the article says, creating stars isn't a science, but the UFC, with all of their resources, could certainly doing more in this regard.  

Sadly, it seems like companies like Nike and BadBoy are more invested in creating marketable stars than the UFC is. 




 Best article on UFC marketing I've seen in a while.

"They need stars that audiences will back like their local team sports. They need to highlight talent, and competition, and stories."

This is dead on. The UFC could do so much more to humanize the fighters they want us to pay to watch. With Strikeforce now gone, the UFC doesn't really have any serious competition. Their brand is safe. They are the NBA of MMA and it's now time they step it up and start marketing their ATHLETES. 




 No mention of IO, where the dudes perform every week. WEAK! 




 Felony? Really? 




 He came back because his ratings were far better than Conan's 




 This is the most random and amazing example of worlds colliding I've ever seen.  




 Lol she really is. 




 Let's get HOD on the air! 




 Hasn't this been around for awhile? 




 Solid and informative work from Mr. Slack, per usual. 




 What about this? http://appleinsider.com/articles/13/05/22/corning-touts-gorilla-glass-3s-advantages-over-sapphire-in-side-by-side-tests

"In one of our commonly accepted strength tests, sapphire breaks more easily than Gorilla Glass after the same simulated use," senior vice president and general manager of Cornings Specialty Materials segment James R. Steiner said. ""

Is that corporate spin or legit? 






























































































 I know this is way out into the future, but once the Gen 3 is out and into the world, what's next on Tesla's plate? There are rumors they might revive the Roadster.. any other rumblings out there? 




 Yet he's still smart enough to give the finger while using the stolen phone 














 it would have been season 3 i believe, the one with tito and shamrock 






















































 All hail R/Soccer... where highlights go up faster than on ESPN 




 3 times a year isn't ludicrous :-p 




 Not Jones specifically, but as an example since he's the LHW champ. Cain Velasquez last fought 3 times back in 2009. Come on UFC! 




 I mean from a fan perspective. The UFC wants to build stars yet we only see the champs twice a year at the most it seems. 




 The UFC seems to like its champs to fight two times a year. The last time Anderson Silva fought 3 times in one year was in 2008. Frustrating that the UFC keeps its best stars "less busy" while during their prime 




 New meaning to the phrase "double header" 














 Wow, I thought that quote was Griffin being sarcastic... apparently not 









 Not a surprise. I put out a text post saying how "blah" the UFC 174 card was and got downvoted into oblivion. The fact is that the UFC needs more compelling stars. Old stars returning (arlovski) doesn't cut it. There are far too many UFC shows to keep track of these days and dillution is a real problem.

More problematic is that the more of these ho-hum cards we have, the more the UFC's reputation will suffer. 3 ho-hum cards in a row, hypothetically speaking, makes ordering the next UFC PPV (even if it seems great) a little bit tougher.

The UFC seems so dead set on worldwide expansion that they're losing focus of what got them to the promised land in the first place. Also, how often do we hear fighters talking about wanting to fight more? The UFC needs to get borderline top guys like Luke Rockhold more fights. I just saw him on UFC tonight the other day and he wants to fight ASAp, but he may not even get a fight lined up till September. 














 there's an imp difference b/n scratch and shatter resistant. With a sapphire display, it would be nearly unscratchable. How shatter resistant remains unclear  


































 Is it just me or the UFC starting to unravel without any clear business plan and a slew of meh' ppvs .. dilution is the anti solution! 



















 At this point stacked/intriguing cards are the exception and not the rule. Dillution is getting ridiculous with the UFC not doing enough to build up any new star power 
























 wasn't there a similar gif from a different"fight" that ciruclated not too long ago? 














 There's no photo of a menu bar without the apple.. seems like idle speculation based on alleged conversations with developers ?? 
























 Wow Greg Jackson was young once? 



















 Meanwhile, he's making no $. Horrible businessman 
























 yes 




 definitely.. can finally see which apps are the culprits 










































































 Hot damn, that's amazing 









 who would u have him fight next as a test? I mean, that's why the condit fight was gonna be a good test.. shame it got cancelled 




 Fair, but he's been FINISHING folks. 




 Josh koschek and dan hardy come to mind 









 Lame linkbait 














 Musk said the company is working hard to make sure they are useful and not just a gimmick.. Is the public ready for such a drastic change in doors? 







































 Will this downward trend continue tmrw? 
























 Isn't this the same video footage and audio from the megafactories episode, only with a Wired pre-roll? 









 why is this being downvoted?! 







































 Don't think so. As more information comes to light, the worse is gets 





























 Jordan typically never takes a stand on anything. This is rather significant. Props to MJ for stepping up 









 Jones said he respects Teixeira but sure did taunt him during the last 30 seconds 

















































 Most stacked card in UFC history, eh Dana? I get you have to sell a card bit don't insult the fans.  Also, what's up with that too tight vneck Dana is sportin 




 The Eco-Friendly BLUEPRINT 














 Tesla Model S is a premium product that folks are willing to spend a premium price for. Will the Model E, as a mainstream product, be able to attract mainstream buyers who only have 1 shot at making a correct purchasing decision?

In other words, will most folks be too put off by Electric? The rollout of superchargers can only help tho, esp with gas stations almost everywhere 

















































 Don't you think Edgar should fight sooner rather than later? He's already been on the shelf for too logn 



















 Hopefully he gets in the cage before 2015 
























 The original -- http://www.ibtimes.com/pulse/iphone-6-illuminati-apple-announcement-anticipation-reaches-fever-pitch-1681710 














 Maybe their salaries were too high and the powers that be want to replace them with cheaper labor? 





























 right.. which is oddly at odds with his longer piece! 




 Gruber's predictions are pretty tame. Nothing we didn't already know.. and pretty lame considering all the hype surrounding this event.. some of which originated from Apple themselves.

Hopefully there's a lot Gruber doesn't know that will surprise us 









 Gruber seems to have a tempered view of an event ABC -- likely at the behest of Apple -- is calling "historic" 
























 be alert that it may be coming.. same way you try and defend against someone knocking your block off.  




 i hope not 




 I mean regardless of if it's "dirty" or not, it's currently allowed and fighters should be prepared to defend it. Calling it dishonorable when it's a sanctioned strategy is a big stretch..

and now.. back to rothwell dancing.. 



















 how many KW are we at now? How's the Model S two days in?! 


































 thanks for the insight :)  Definitely amped to see the Model X! 





























 With all of the admittedly tiny complaints people have of the Model S, does Tesla have a good track record of upping the ante with successive models? Will the Model 3 likely add in a number of ignored Model S features such as overhead handles? 



















 Are you still ultimately happy with the purchase or somewhat regretful? 














 Friend is moving abroad, should they get an unlocked iPhone in the states or is it cheaper to get it in London through a carrier? 









 One of the better vlogs in a while.. Fun to see Dana and Lorenzo's reaction when Rogan announces Rousey's 4 week turn around (towards the end) 
























 Saw one the other day and it looked cramped, but not sure if the front seats were pushed waay back 



















 That is true, however if you have NO improv experience, start at second city level A.  IO moves you along much quicker and from my experience the people there more polished than in SC level A.  If you start at IO with no experience you might get lost quickly.

Also, if you start at level a SEcond City, by the time u get to IO you'll have a better chance of thriving and perhaps getting placed on a Harold team 









 Is this really an easter egg given all the steps required? WEAK! And not even the original source 




 I always thought it'd be cool if in heaven you could watch video footage of your entire life and fast forward as fast as you want and just watch the good parts. 









 Awesome story! 












































 Yes! I know a few people who are somewhat irritated by the cast members but gave the show a shot and are now hooked. 









 The headline says "border infiltration tunnels."  The tunnels ostensibly used for fuel and the like weren't even involved in the current skirmish 




 yeah, there are different types of tunnels. The tunnels go back a ways, but the newly constructed tunnels Israel is going after were developed by Hamas for one singular purpose -- quick, easy, and subtle access into Israel. Which is why Israel has only gone after tunnels located relatively close to its own borders.

Most of the tunnels ostensibly used for benign purposes are connected on the opposite side of the country via Egypt 









 Because that's not what they're used for at all. Hardly amusing, it's fundamentally sad and horrific that Hamas leadership has spent tens of millions of dollars to construct tunnels instead of using money earmarked for civilians for, well, civilians.

Take a look at the folks giving Reuters a tour of the tunnel and try and convince anyone that these tunnels have any benign purpose. Amusing indeed. 







































 How tall are you? she looks tiny 




 Yes, all the time! whats his deal 






















































 Holy crap, this story is even way worse than initially reported. Hope they catch him and let him fend for himself in the prison yard 












































 You know Dana is loving this.. gonna drive PPV sales.

Complete disgrace? I think that's a bit overboard considering what we see in other sports all the time 










































































 Great background music too.. glad he's back in the mix! 



















 Wow, tough to take Motor Trend seriously when they can't even do some basic research. Even more damning is that one would assume that a writer for MOTOR TREND would keep up to tabs on why the Model E name won't be used 







































 Horrible business move to try and negotiate when you've one 1 fight out of your last 2. He has no leverage or negotiating power and just signed a new contract!  





























 Didn't Elon say it'd be by July? 

















































 What is the name of that move? 














 Wow, Wanderlei's shine is wearing off fast... if he keeps this up he'll become the next ken shamrock 









 Tennis players.. always in search of another partner 




 What kind of camera was this taken on? Better yet, a still from GTA 6 perhaps?! 
























 The robot invasion begins 







































 lol brilliant 







































 You can eat the most wretched, worst smelling thing alive.. once it's inside, you can't smell it.  




 Kobe be jealous 




 I'd say no. Just getting through the West is like going through the ringer. Lebron at times has struggled to make it through the East. Still, by virtue of being in the East, he comes to the finals a bit fresher than his western counterparts 
























 no apologies needed.. well said :) 




 Wow, more comments on the dynamic of downvoting than on the actual article!  














 UFC 181: Hendricks vs. Lawler
UFC 182: Jones vs. Cormier
UFC 183: Silva vs Diaz 














 Man, talk about a guy with some great upside who blew it 









 Man, Torres has fallen far 
























 So a story on BGR based on a story from BusinessInsider that was scraped from a post on Quora..  




 How long is filming? 



















 The mapping is good enough, but sometimes suggests slightly longer routes.  The traffic reporting of Waze can't be beat though 




 The "amass marketshare and monetize later" strategy is getting a bit stale in tech... just look at Amazon 









 I can't find it on YouTube and it's driving me nuts! 









 Great read 












































 Here's that same dude with The Rock http://instagram.com/p/uirlnzIh76/?modal=true 




 "In the arms of an Angel... 




 Agreed. Mendes has been on a tear lately but... you know, it's Aldo. And a fired up one to boot 



















 Connor drops a 1-liner and it's over from there 









 Ronaldo is on a goal scoring rampage, and Messi this year has been unusually quiet 



















 I have PF and am unsure if the best remedy is to stay off of the foot entirely or to run briskly after stretching, ice rolling etc.

Once I get a good stretch etc. in, the foot is fine once I'm running, but am unsure if this may cause more damage. On the flip side, I've heard that staying off it completely is also unadavisable.

Anyone have any insights to this pesky problem?! 














 Woops, typo on my part. Thanks for the heads up :) 




 Me either, but with just one model, they have no room for error. 




 Because, what if opinion is divided? One of the impressive things about the Model S is that it seems to be universally praised for its design  



























































 What makes changing the seats harder than one might initially assume? 
























 My life has been forever changed. Thank you for this.. i think? 





































































 Solid indeed... hope he gets back to UFC tonight at some point down the line... honest and insightful 














 Wow, been following McGregor but haven't listened to him talk at length really. He certainly has the "it" factor and isn't afraid of a little self reflection. With a good sense of humor to boot, you can bet the UFC is hoping he keeps getting those W's.

Many highlights in the video, but I especially liked him asking Porier "Hey man, where's YOUR flag?.. I'll tell ya why you don't have a flag.." 





























 Guess the priority was to ship even if all the features weren't fully functional. Perhaps the problem is on Yosemite's end and not iOS 8.. hopefully it's up and running swimmingly soon! 




 It may dissappear after 2-3 days.. it may just be the glue if its recently manufactured http://www.cultofmac.com/192299/does-your-iphone-5-screen-seem-yellow-dont-worry-overmuch/ 




 Won't be supported until mid october i believe 









 Bad ass.  She should try out for the Olympics or something once her MMA career is done :-p 






































































































































 Per his UFC Q A https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHFkLlpodBQ x-yt-ts=1422579428 x-yt-cl=85114404#t=669 




 Silva v. Maia
Kimbo v Houston Alexander 



















 Great read, thanks!  









 Food wise, do they just eat lean proteins? 




 Are they intaking nothing but water and a few calories? 









 It's bullshit that the UFC keeps its best stars on the bench for so long. 2 fights a year? Jeebus. Why schedule the Also/McGregor fight for July when it could just as easily be May? 














 First thought.. Burt's on Twitter?! 














 Haven't heard much of AvA.. how does it conflict with how he's living his life now? 




 And yet, the Jones/DC theatrics really pumped people up. What makes this theoretical type of theatric so intriguing is that it's rare.. especially coming from a guy like Also.

How great when Anderson Silva put on the mask when he faced off against Vitor? Can't MMA purists have a little bit of fun and enjoy the show?! 




 How friggin pumped would that make you for the fight? 














 Great read.. so much for being open. 




 How'd you meet these folks? What made them so amazing? 




 brilliant.. we've all been there! 
























 You cold for that one brah 














 Frankie Edgar comment ftw 




 And unless I'm mistaken, am I correct in saying that there's nothing intrinsically amazing about the Harold, aside from the fact that Del Close came up with it? which is to say, its used not because its the best/ideal form for new groups, but just because that's the tradition? 




 Another theory: Perhaps this is no longer the case with the new IO in chicago, but at the old building.. there were so many teams and just 2 stages that some teams performed 1-2 times a month.. which goes back to your point that teams didn't work together enough to hone a good opening skillset. 




 I suppose its rare, having seen innumerable harold shows, that I see a great opening. Perhaps I'm jaded, but just food for thought I guess :) 




 Time and time again, I see talented groups of improvisers put crowds to sleep because they're beholden to the Harold form, as if it's the be all end all. The avante garde openings often leave theatre goers scratching their heads and doesn't seem to INSPIRE the performers in the way that it's intended.   














 Good one.. but did anyone at the time realize just how f'n good Silva was and overmatched Leben was? 




 If Mcgregor faces Aldo, that's a huge jump in competition.. is it the biggest jump we've seen in MMA yet (brock lesnar aside) 





























 that clinch destroyed franklin.. weidman loosened it up with one shot to the dome 









 I had heard rumors of recreational drug usage, but assumed MJ was the extent of it 
























 and the "pathetic" barb was because Jay talked to the cops? You'd think if Adnan were really innocent he'd be ranting and raving about how Jay is a complete liar, no? 









 You think I'm just gonna let you poke me jon? 




 This just keeps getting better. Weigh-ins are gonna be INSANE 














 Lost my hat 




 Or maybe, just maybe, he thinks the legal case is weak.. genuinely. 









 Translation? Let's get it on! 









 Does he have mythical wrestling strength or nothing outside the norm in the LHW division? 









 Two fights per champion seems light... Why not make it 3? It does have a big roster it needs to develop but the development doesn't seem to ever come from any of the bevy of fight cards they put on..  If they had the top 20 guys fight more frequently, I think that'd be better than having the top 50 guys fight twice a year 




 Per a UFC special that just ran on TV. Thats basically 42 fights a month. Too much, too little? 














 lol, good call 




 Sort of makes things even more bizarre 









 If so, wouldn't it be smart to combine mega cards for a 1 million PPV buy instead of, say, getting 450,000 buys each? 



















 A reasonable guy who knows his current place and is fighting to get to the top. Unlike some of these fighters who would bitch and moan for not getting more prominent placement. 



















 do podiatrists take xrays? 









 worded it poorly.. meant to say that unproven fighters earning 20/20 is a bit excessive 




 That's fair, but isn't there a difference between proving yourself 2-4 years in college and perhaps just 2-4 fights on the regional fight circuit?

I'm all for fighters making more money, but to me, the argument is more persuasive when talking about fighters who have been with the UFC for a while and serve a purpose -- while not champions, they are solid performers, gatekeepers, or even gatekeepers to gatekeepers.

20/20 for first time UFC'ers with marginal experience seems like a lot to ask, no?

Tennis players/golf players don't make $$ unless they win.. is that analogy too far off? 




 But NFL teams make so much more money than the UFC. Also NFL players have proven themselves in college.

At a certain point its just economics. The UFC pays out a percentage to their fighters and a disproportionate amount goes to a) fighters who win b) fighters who can generate viewership and c) fighters who perform well in the cage i.e performance of the night.

Is that really that unfair?

 




 Am I nuts for thinking an unproven fighter on an undercard that brings in no revenue or fans has a right to earn 20/20 ? Just seems like a union would be more sensible than a lawsuit alleging that the UFC is a monopoly.. Look at what happened to affliction and their ridiculous payouts. Folded. Fighters are contractors who can determine how much they make based on performance. It's high risk high reward. That's the nature of the business 

















































 I remember a handful of people meekly suggesting that Johnny Hendricks was gonna take it to GSP.. GSP of course won but the consensus was that you were a moron for thinking Hendricks would even win 1 round against GSP 



















 Nate knows how to smile?! 














 "Dos Santos said he has been able to survive because of sponsors who pay him monthly."

Wow, didn't realize sponsors did that.  









 I get that Dana White could give an F about askren, but doesn't joe silva carry any pull here?! 









 Who are the 4 fighters mentioned under Dolce who tested positive for PEDs? 









 3k a week?! from which podcast?  









 Schaub only making 32 grand 




 I went to high school with the guy in the Hangover.. Justin Bartha.. the guy who they are looking for..  Was mostly a nice guy, tiny bit of an ego. shorter than you can imagine.. He once got super pissed off at me in gym class playing basketball when i blocked the shit out of one of his shots.. i was a nerd who was even shorter than him so hence the anger.

Supposedly, i heard from a friend, that in HS he once said that if he goes to hollywood and struggles and doesn't get his first commercial/break until he's 80, it would still be worth it.  Guess you can say he had a goal and was dead serious about it 




 Dustin hazellet vs. tamdan mccory... amazing finish 














 Supposedly Hendricks walks around at 215?? 




 On UFC embedded, Hendricks kept saying it was going well, that he's "on the Dolce diet" and that he's just 12 pounds over..... Here's hopin he makes it, but doesn't look too good for Dolce 














 Any love for Sherdog's Jordan Breen? 





























 Not sure how encouraging this is... will Anderson now be fighting in white reebok shorts? Oh the horror! 

















































 Looks like he's raising the roof or saying "gimme cake!" 




 are there flying toasters on the back ? 














 That's valid. Perhaps I'm missing something, but what I found utterly bizarre is that if you watch the interview, she's talking about how Uber would have had cars posted up at her house, her kids lives in danger.. It all seemed purposefully blown way out of proportion due to her visceral hatred of all things Uber. The "they're coming after my family" reasoning seemed delusional or purposefully misleading.   




 What made the b5 so unexpectedly brilliant? 









 Agreed. It's like a bizarre press tour where something that is objectively bad has been amplified as if it's the most evil thing humanity has seen. Bunch of self-important Silicon Valley pricks on both sides of the equation, I think 



















 Family of 4? Single guy... what demographic of folks will be waiting in line to get the model x? 

















































 because the fighters quickly descended into irrelevancy 




 I remember I had to pull a ton of strings so that I could check out Rampage v. Jardine a few years back.  Funny how important it seemed at the time 









 It's a brand new imac that had OS X yosemite 10.10.1.. I updated to 10.1.2.

I ran the diagnostics test (said everything was okay), repaired disk permissions.. and its still happening 




 iMovie, Pages, Safari..Chrome...Preview... every app will intermittently crash. Is this common? Any fixes? Should I take it in? 














 You are correct sir. That was well worth my time! Well done. if you decide to do anymore, adding in some footage from all of the UFC embedded videos would be awesome!  Great stuff. 




 Hellz yeah, keep these bad boys coming...

July can't come fast enough 



















 I could watch one of these videos every day up until the fight 







































 "Can we sharpen our pencil?" Classic statement from THE DON 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKjr3S6NxPo 




 Not really. unless you're doing lots of video editing/rendering. Extra $ is better spent on more RAM or an SSD drive 














 Based on some of Jose's answers, I wonder if the translator was keeping some of McGregors quips to herself 




 Man, it's like Dana is just trying bait them into an on-air altercation at some point 




 Trigger's what? What's the outcome of clapping? 




 Who are the fools downvoting this? UFC has a golden opportunity with mcgregor/aldo and they're going to push this bad boy for months on end. 




 That's some Chael Sonnel level disrespect right there.. surprised this hasn't been discussed more widely 









 Not sure why this is being downvoted.. one of the better Also/Mcgregor articles out there?! 



















 Unintentional "feature" I'd imagine.. just giving folks time to do Touch ID, no? 
































































 40% of iPhone users interested in Apple Watch? Seems encouraging for an entirely new product 






















































 Hahah great premise 









 Wasn't this a collaborative effort with many other companies?
 










































































 15 hours?? 





























 iPhone 5s might very well be the best electronic device I've ever owned 
























 Rousey looking gaunt... Zingano looking good!! 




 Bellator , putting on the fights FANS WANT TO SEE! 









 In other words, for just browsing the web and watching Netflix, does a Retina display provide a noticeable advantage? 




 I suppose technically, but they just added a low-end model with a slower processor.. the 21.5 imac with the core i5 2.7ghz has remained unchanged for 18months now! 









 I suppose if Apple is waiting for Broadwell processors, we'll be waiting a while, right? 




 What about an imac refresh? 









 Last update was late 2013 














 With Broadwell seemingly about power efficiency (ie more benefits for laptop users than desktop), what type of benefits will Intel Skylake bring to the table? 
























 yeah, that's been my main question.. are there noticeable improvements jumping from the i5 to i7 




 Did you think going with the i7 over the i5 was more beneficial than going with more RAM? 




 Seems like the iMac hasn't been updated since late 2013. Is getting a new iMac today essentially getting a machine that's 1.5 years old? 
























  I took a picture with him last year at Comic Con, same price, definitely worth it! He even held a box cutter to my neck.

Sold!  









 So he's an elite offensive player who can put up points.. if that doesn't help translate into wins, what's the appeal?  




 Ticket sales? To have a star on the team at any cost? Deluding themselves into thinking he could be a leader that makes other players around him better? 







































 What's frustrating is that the UFC has all the pieces in place to be AMAZING.. but they're dropping the ball.

To wit, Anderson Silva -- steroids aside -- back a few years ago was THE best fighter anyone had ever seen. And yet, from 2009 to 2013, he fought just twice a year. We can't even get the champ fighting 3 times a year just once?  




 Disagree. There can be a happy medium. 45 fight cards in 2014.. It's not outlandish to argue that it's a smidge too much and ultimately leads to watered down fight cards. 









 Everyone getting popped for steroids, champions fighting just twice a year at the most, over saturation, weak cards are the rule and not the exception, not many new emerging stars.. Seems like UFC was so laser focused on "Expanding" into markets like China and Phillipines that they neglected the core product.   
























 That's kinda bogus. 









 I wonder if every 5 years is average or not 
























 I believe the mid 2014 iMacs are not user upgradeable 









 And if so, for what? 




 I remember watching this live and wishing the fight would keep on going just to witness more brilliance and matrix like maneuvers from Silva 

















































 Supposedy he said, "Suck my d***, bitch" source -- https://twitter.com/getnickwright/status/596320391246807042 









 The UFC would fire all those fighters and give raises to everyone else to rub it in 





























 because these are atrocious covers... these guys wouldn't sound good singing anything 












































 Oh come on, this is just ridiculous. For starters, it's not as if Jones has taken that much damage. Furthermore, his problems go back quite a ways, and even precede his fight with Gustaffson, his most brutal encounter yet.

Instead of making excuses, why not call it like it is. He's a super young kid who became a millionaire super fast. He was immature and made a rash of bad decisions. But because he was the champ, and past mistakes were overlooked, he was feeling invincible.

Brain damage? come on. As if this is the first time a young athlete with way too much money has made a string of horribly bad life decisions. 




 my kinda man! 



























































 i want rampage to respond!
 








































































































 You crazy for this one OP! 
























 Dayum.. JBJ had/has it all and, cliche as it is, got f'd by drugs 














 They are basically just printing money at this point.. crazy thing is, they have all that cash even AFTER all the money they spent on buybacks and dividends 




 What a exhilarating high and devastating low.. at least give her 10gz or something, right? 





























 Increase to the share buyback program is huge as well.  














 LOL yeah, couldn't be more off base if it tried 






































































































































 Bernese Mountain Dog puppy 














 Probably explains why supply is low and shipping times so damn long 




 spells asshole updside down 



















 Rockhold comes off like a major douche 



















 better 
























 When I tie my shoelaces tight theres pain, but pressing down on the bone from any and every direction produces no pain whatsoever. any ideas? 














 Awesome to hear 




 +1 for Green Kool-Aid 
























 Almost ran more like a Colbert news clip than any thing else 

















































 I don't believe streaming rights transfer to a new owner, but otherwise spot on.. especially re: Apple's lackluster movie software :-/ 









 Good call... a google image search for beagle/doberman pincher also may be close? 














 http://i.imgur.com/vnrY6d8.jpg 



































































































 Just imagine if all NFL and NBA players quit and took up MMA... the talent would be INSANE 





























 I can't wait for Bader to become champ and then have Vinny Maghales show up at his press conference and challenge him to a rematch 







































 When asked how long he's had a crush on Maeby, George Michael says "for about 53 weeks"... the joke being that the first three season run encompassed 53 episodes 









 That's what passes for humor these days? blech 












































 20 bucks on top of the PPV? $50? 









 And that's why you always leave a note 




 My vote is for wolf tickets 


































 lol, he's so tough until the smaller security guard steps up to him 




 I once met a hardcore BJ Penn fan at a bar when he was fighting Hughes pt. 2... such an ass! 




 fair enough.. but so many athletes go for "lets get richer!" investments rather than maybe putting into safe dividend paying stocks, no? 




 With 24 million, why even invest.. collect interest with no risk, right? 



















 Eh, anyone else thing Letterman has long been overrated? Was he ever funny? 




 Season 4 has more gold than people think :) 












































 Ah yes, an escape! 


































 If there's not another side to the story, this is pretty pathetic..  


































 Per the Reebok deal, fighters get $$ anytime apparel with their name or face on it gets sold... are people really buying Dillishaw shirts? Aside from Anderson Silva or GSP, do fighter-themed clothes sell in a significant way? 





























 What happened in those 4 months to make the next 5.5 years work so well? 



































































































 had no idea he wrestled with DC 




 Oh man, sad news 









 I think it's safe to say Fitch will never fight in the UFC again.. 













































































































 We just need "Better than Ezra" to round out the lineup 




 Gob? 


































 Silva was borderline disrespectful.. somehow I missed the fact that Silva kissed Weidman a kiss on the cheek after the end of Round 1 





























 Yeah, not sure how to top this gem! 







































 Most bad ass response ever 















































































 Does this strike anyone else as absurd self righteousness? 




 Bisping! The count be counting them stacks 





























 lol an all time classic 




 For me, it was when Koscheck was fighting GSP, losing horribly, and tried some hilarious spinning back kick with the worst form imaginable  














 Stephen Wonderboy Thompson vs. anybody 














 new fav fighter, 
























 Lawler is like a Boss Dragon here 



















 that seems suspect.. he made a pretty penny of his Tito trilogy fights 



















 lol hilarious 









 I suppose its possible they went balls to the wall with McGregor Aldo content that had to be shelved and didn't want to invest more $ 









 Conor showin off some of his soccer skillz 


































 frustrating as hell.. this shouldn't be a bug ! 




 Anyone experienced this? I'll add 8 songs or so to an original playlist, but when I go to the playlist, 5 or 6 of them refuse to be added.. even after Apple Music gives me the "added" checkmark to indicate that it worked. 




 Two male students invited a female classmate over to party. They gave her shrooms and then had sex with her... and videotaped it... 









 Connor is a natural hype man 














 Same, Jones vs. DC was off the hook, especially with the genuine bad blood b/n the too and that classic ESPN hot take video.

I'm sure UFC will pump up the marketing starting next week.. they have more than enough source footage to work with to make some ridiculously good vids and promo material 









 nauseating.. lets see him rescue a team and lead them to a title first. 












































 fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck 







































 misleading title, not the case 

















































 Agreed on Improvised Shakespeare.  Also Chaos Theory is an all-star cast, hard to go wrong with them 









 And yet people were so quick to say he's the best heavyweight of all time 




 Yet still as pertinent as ever. Lebron in crunch time is about as dangerous as J.R. Smith.  The Cavs waltzed to the finals in a historically weak Eastern Conference and all of a sudden Lebron is the best player ever, MVP of the finals, when he just has 2 rings? (one of which was thanks to Ray Allen)...   














 Ah.. I knew it sounded familiar.. Andre Nickatina used it as the beat for this song... great tune! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=He0HJGj5l1E 




 Exactly, style wise he matches up great with Dos Santos and Silva.. Verdum was his toughest matchup yet, and his most challenging opponent to date.. 

Altitude is a real thing tho, wonder if if that played into it 




 He's been killing it lately... I think the "Cain is the best HW ever" hype train was overblown.. too much too quickly 









 They get a car or hummer that they don't drive usually 









 Pass of the year? What are you Cavs fans smoking?! 









 Gruber is better than Carson? umm, okay 









 This is a great new feature that developers will hopefully take advantage of. More than that, glad to see iOS 9 install will finally be manageable  









 What must make it hurt all the more is that Verdum isn't trying to stir up shit or hurt anyone's feelings.. he is just saying what he genuinely thinks.. 












































 How is it that iTunes library has 37 million songs and Google Play just 30? Is it because of classical music, or perhaps because Apple has more foreign acts on its service? One would think that Google Play, Spotify, and iTunes would all have equal sized libraries at this point, no? 














 Lame hipocritical Rothwell trying to talk himself into something... 












































 much obliged chocotacoman! 



















 Thankfully this douche is already out of business.. 



















 All of a sudden Bader is up for title consideration? And Gus is fighting for it after a loss? Wasn't too long ago the division was stacked... guess JBJ cleared it out but good 




 Where's the travel? His right foot remained planted 



































































































 That was amazing.  Two things come to mind..

1) What exhilarating footage
2) One would never guess from watching him enter the room that Joe L would destroy you in a fight. 





































































