




 He must be writing the trombone part  




 Well..... welcome to reddit i guess. 









 Zoids. It was a really underrated show on cartoon network and a lot of people I know have never even heard of it. Probably because it was on at like 5:30 in the morning. Maybe it could get some sort of following after being on Netflix.  
























 The same goes with video games? Do you play them in chronological order or when they were made? Example:Kingdom Hearts or Metroid?  




 For example Star Wars. Do you watch New hope, Empire, Return and then the prequels? Or prequels first?  




 One of my favorites is "graffiti is for fags"  




 Graffiti found in the bathroom stalls or on the walls.  




 Reminds me of the Facebook girl meme.  
























 Liberal Studies - Half the idiots in here will be teaching your children. Good luck!  




 When repairing a computer,
Have you ever come across a virus that looks like something from a movie. Like really evil looking and frightening? on the opposite side, have you found anything that was just downright hilarious? 




 Looks like he's a padawan.  


































 Shame. Also, spiderman  




 Was this written by Charlie Kelly?  




 I apologize in advance if someone has already posted this (I didn't read all the comments :/). But he strikingly resembles his own master (Ben kenobi). Foreshadowing?  




 The same  




 No joke. We have this in the men's bathroom at my university. It's a Christian College BTW  
























 We did! He signed it "all my love" and his signature :) 




 It was for the premier of his new movie Suburban Gothic. He encouraged everyone to come in their pajamas.  









 The Mcpoyles go clubbing  




 Driving in San Francisco is HORRIBLE! There are one way streets everywhere. If you miss your turn or your entrance to the grocery store, you have to go up two more blocks, turn left, get on the highway, merge to a different Highway, take the exit, and left turn, just to get to the turn that was 3 feet behind you. Not to mention... It's all uphill  
























 There's actually a mod to THUG2 called THUGPRO that's takes all the levels from thug1 and 2, thps4, thaw, and more. The community is growing. Check it out! Just Google it.  




 Thank you to the team for making this! I am reliving a huge part of my first gaming experiences. I hope the community builds again!  




 I remember Create-a-review. That's was the place for the community! I remember hanging out with the Tho guys. Tek was really cool.  




 Just some beautiful animation there. I love how Quagmire just stands there stone faced, unblinking. There's so much liveliness in the characters, especially if you remove Peters mouth. Walt Disney would be proud.  


































 Avatar. Once you get past the special effects, it's a goofy story with a bunch of clichd characters.  




 Google Thugpro. You're welcome.  




 Google Thugpro. You're welcome.  




 Google Thugpro. You're welcome.  
























 I'd love to see the Drunk Cory/ Bacon Story! 




 Flip it and rip it. 
Diving.  




 Beni Benimle Birak by Manga.  




 At my church there was a kid named Grinnen Barret. Pronounced grin 'n bare it.  




 It's alright. You might want to check out some prov videos though and see what really good looks like. Might I suggest NachoTHPS and then click on links from there.  
























 I have them on while on long car rides. Makes them feel much shorter.  




 Where's pigpen?  




 Kenshin Himura  




 Not necessarily weird but I find women who are talented very attractive. Like if you are good looking but also can sing, play an instrument, are good at sports, or can dance... You rocket to the top of my charts.  




 Here are some great gems on the DS: Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective, 999, Dragon Quest IX, Robocalypse, and Elite Beat Agents.  





























 LARPing just got extreme.  




 Any time a girl has talent. Like they can dance, are a good athlete, plays an instrument...  I'm a goner  




 The original Mad Max movies. 




 The rotating hallway fight in Inception.  




 Has no one said April O'Neil?  




 I know I'm probably in the minority with these people but: Nick Swardson,  Greg Giraldo, Aziz Ansari, and David Cross. I like both David Cross and Aziz as actors... Just not comedians.  




 My biggest problem with the film is the fact they changed a major theme of the book, which is fear of the unknown. 

SPOILERS 

In the book the buggers attacked earth because they thought that humans were an inferior race and kind of stupid, only because they could not communicate the way they did. In the film they say they attacked because they ran out of resources and needed water or something which means that humans have some sort of knowledge of the aliens. 
The whole war is started because they could not communicate and did not understand each other. That's why Ender feels remorse and takes the baby bugger. 

Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong. That is what I got out of it.  




 Hey Cabin! From what I have heard most animators continue to use Flash since they are familiar with it and have been using it for a while. Zach and Chris said they recently started using ToonBoom. What would you recommend for someone just starting out in animation? Is ToonBoom the way to go since it's geared towards animation specifically?  




 Speaking as someone who lives in California there a few things you/she need to know. Yes, everything here is much more expensive. I live in the south Bay region and pay around $860 a month for a studio apartment. Fairly big enough but still. Also, there are good areas (redondo beach, marina del Rey, Irvine, Glendale) and there are bad areas (LA, Compton, Hollywood). Moving here won't give you any more opportunities unless you already have your foot in the door. If you have already been talking to some of these companies and are interested in giving you a job, go for it. But if you come here looking for a job you will probably fail. LA is full of people hoping to "make it" and only around 13 percent actually succeed. Look at your current circumstances and decide if that's the best decision for you.  




 Sub here. The teacher said to specifically have the students sit in their own seats. A student asked if they could move and I told them that their teacher said to stay in their seats. The student actually responded "no she didn't". I was like really? I have the paper right here!  




 What are some words Cory has used and their actual usage. 

For example: prestige - pristine 
Stunt devil - Stunt double 
...  




 Hey gang, I am just curious as to why you started a company together? What was the reason that led to this decision and how has it helped you financially or otherwise? Thanks!  
























