




 amazing! you are so lucky because you can enjoy such beautiful scene on your way to work. i just meet the crowd of people every day.  




 what's the karma for? 




 so you mean they use the same number in different movies? why? why 555 can not be used? and they can just create a number that doesn't exist.  




 I always do the same thing as you. even if i have watched them for more than once, i still enjoy them when i watch them again! 




 you mean you will watch them again and again?  




 yeah! totally agree with you. Friends is still funny and i do think good sitcoms will never be outdated! besides, i enjoy Good Luck Charlie very much.  




 recently, i have been watching the Friends. but i found some of the plots are unfit for our life now. so i wander if anyone will still choose to watch TV series years before? 




 i like the photos with the natural scenes and this one is good. 




 my friends recommended me to see this TV series and it is really out of my expectation! it is awesome! 




 it is interesting, i am thinking about making a similar one for my boyfriend to give him a surprise.  




 looks delicious and easy to make. i will try it this weekend! 




 i am not quite sure but it seems that i know this scene.  




 It is said that the movie intended to make people pay attention to the protection of wild animals. but i think it might have some backfires.  





























 thank you for offering the message for me! i really appreciate it because i can find movies with these messages.  




 It's OK, people can understand you. So, don't worry. :) 




 environment, economy, peaceful and happy life! 




 I don't think it is just accidental because I believe there must be some reason. Since it is an interesting detail, i think it is designed to be like this.  




 Oh! It takes time for me to figure out there were actually two person! I thought they were mother and son showing up at Obama's two speeches at first. But I found Mr. Obama's suit was the same and the people around were the same,too. These two pictures are actually interesting.  




 Oh! It takes time for me to figure out there were actually two person! I thought they were mother and son showing up at Obama's two speeches at first. But I found Mr. Obama's suit was the same and the people around were the same,too. These two picture are actually interesting.  









 Final Destination. I watched this movie with my friend but I also felt scared!! 




 I can't wait to see it! the Batman is awesome!! I love this! 




 **The Pursuit of Happiness**. 
this movie was released in 2006 and i have been always love this movie. it is said that this movie was based on the true story of Chris Gardner, who had been homeless for near one year.  




 yeah, i love the movie,too. And the sentence: Life is a box of chocolate, you never know what you gonna get! 




 OK, I see, so that they reserved the number for every movie?  









 i think it is hard to strictly follow the 20-20-20 rule although it seems helpful.  




 so many steps to follow, but as i love onion rings, i would like to try!  





























 I will watch some foreign movies, but i 'm worrying about the understanding of the words without the subtitle.  




 Harry Potter has always been my brother's favorite movie. The spinoff film obviously will make him excited.  




 Hope they can create an excellent movie for us. Looking forward to this movie.  




 So you guys are interested in horror films? I have to say that I won't watch horror films alone. I would ask my friends or my brother to watch them with me.  




 Some believe that this green color seems to be used to describe where their powers came from. However, I am still a little bit confused that this is the volcano so that the green color may be unreasonable.  




 Jackie Chan is one of my favorite Chinese actors. His action movies are really excited and excellent!  




 It's so cute and lovely. BTW, I think it looks more like a dinosaur than a dragon.  









 Well, i think some animals may cry, too. but just not in front of human beings, or not as a baby but the adult. such as lions, apes, tigers and so on. Baby born with the human nature and since they were first brought to the world, they need to cry to announce he/she was alive and healthy. therefore, i think baby's crying is forgivable.  




 I won't mind talking about salary with my friends. I think by talking about our salary, we can know the welfare in different workplaces so that we may have the chance to choose a better job for ourselves.  









 As a girl, now I know all these movies. next time if I were asked to watched one of these movies, i think i would think twice to figure out whether i would agree or not.  




 what's the differences between 8mm, 70mm and other size?  




 Two men kissing? Did you cut it down?  
























 It will be totally different from the Superman we have watched. I think it may be funny when I see Nic Cage playing the Superman in the screen.  




 It depends on whether I would like to cry out or I want myself to cheer up. If I want to cry out to release my sorrow, I may choose a sad story or something that will move me. If I would like to cheer up, i would choose the Pursuit of Happiness or Forrest Gump.  




 What do you mean? You mean the life in the movie is not our real life? Yes, robot is not so popular in our life now but we are doing so many researches to develop new products like the robot. So maybe the life in the movie will one day become our real life.  









 Shaun is now very famous. Not only the kids like him, but also some adults. I love him,too. Because he looks very cute.  




 Many people like the series and i think the sheep is cute, too. Charles Chaplin's Modern Times also has few words but it was a great success. So I think the sheep doesn't speak won't be a problem.  




 That will be great!!waiting for you to share more interesting things on your way to different places with us and good luck! 




 Your parents were born there but they immigrated to the USA? So will you choose to move to there one day with your parents? Will your parents allow you to do so? Or you will just spend time to travel and live there for a short period of time?  




 You might have your ideal place to live in and there may be one country that fits your requirement. share it with us.  




 The innocent people will soon get into trouble themselves because they are living in the society.  




 Oh yes! This is exactly me. But you have to make something to eat first and take a shower. Then, you can go to bed with the awareness that  you have to get up early next morning. It's a sad story.  




 As an adult, I think I should know how to deal with different complicated situations. But, I'm afraid that I'm still relying on others' suggestions to help me.  




 yeah! I noticed them. besides, the left side has some faces, too.  




 I really love the natural thinks and the photo with trees, clouds and lakes in it. This photo is amazing!! 




 Amazing!!i love natural things and the photo took with trees, clouds and lakes! I love this!! 
























 I'm still on my way to realizing my dream now and i will appreciate you for sharing your experience with me and give me some inspiration.  




 Yes! You're right! I love her, too!  




 I really enjoy these photos and I appreciate your sharing.  




 One flower girl once got the chance to get language training and later become an elegant lady.  




 Glad to see some of the movies I like are on the list like The Fair Lady and Forrest Gump.  




 Seems like if you were the superman, you would be very busy.  




 OK, i see. :) 




 What does your step 3 mean? 




 Yeah, it's reasonable. More robots will make our life easier and since making things is faster cheaper, people won't have so much pressure as they have now. Automation will do good to our society in some aspects. But don't you think it will also have some side effects?  




 But if there are robots every where to do things for human, or when the things being done by human become being done by robots or other automatic machines, the unemployment rate will rise. what are the things for human beings to do?  




 Superman, Batman, Captain American, these are all the heroes in the movies. if you become one of them one day, what will you do?  




 It seems like the reasonable analysis. So you are for the idea of making as many robots as possible to help us in our life?  




 Taking over the world may seem cool, but I don't think it will be fun. From the perspective of human beings, you have so many responsibilities and you should consider so many things for human beings, too. But I believe you will be the machine king one day. Try to make machines that will help us at that time.  




 The dialogue between the father and son when they were playing the basketball in the Pursuit of Happiness. 
" You got a dream, you gotta protect it."
" Don't ever let somebody tell you you can't do something, not even me. "  




 Wow, it seems you will take a lot responsibilities on saving the world. Keep going then! :) 
























 Final destination 




 I think most celebrities have acted in films as unnoticeable roles before they are famous. So go check the films years before, you may find the famous actor today playing the unnoticeable role there.  




 Urban Legend  




 I agree with your idea. People nowadays always feel helpless with something in their life. So they are expecting power to solve the problems or expecting people with super power to save them. that may be the psychological reason of why people will buy this kind of films.  




 Yeah, that may be the main reason.  




 Why people always think alien to be so strange and horrible thing? Although we haven't found out aliens in other planet yet, we can also regard them as friends, not always our enemy.  




 But women often prefer older men in rel life too.
Why? I don't think so. My friends sometimes talk about this and they all want to find boys just one or two years alder than them to be their boyfriends.  




 then why they can be so popular?  




 but the reason that these films can help the film maker make money is that people buy it, which means people like to watch this kind of film. why? 




 I love this movie. And I sometimes really want this time machine to be the real thing in our life so that we can have more choice to choose the life we like and change something we don't like.  




 I find that most of American movies are about adventures, disasters happen to our earth or something bad in our life so that they can create a super hero to solve all these problems. These super heroes are sometimes imagined like the Superman and the Spider-man and sometimes it is a real man. Is this the rule of making popular movies? Or there are some other reasons?  




 But we can realize what destruction natural disasters will make. According to the development of technology now, some machines used for predict the earthquake works now. Therefore, human beings can predict natural disasters and take actions to reduce our lost. it is the development of the world. If Pompeians knew it in advance, then they could leave Pompeii to avoid being killed by this disaster.  




 Our teacher show us the documentary of Pompeii and I have watched the movie Pompeii myself last month. I was shocked by them because all the things happened at that time were something we can never imagined. I think it worth seeing because it can arouse our awareness of protecting our environment and keep developing our technology of observing the natural disasters.  




 Pompeii, although it was not actually a documentary but something directed according to what we've seen in Pompei today. I do think we should watch this.  




 Make everyone hate you is easy while make everyone like you is not. You can just do the same thing to everyone like smoke in the public or talk about someone's privacy loud to others to make everyone hate you. But you should do different things to different people to make them like you. And this is not easy at all.  
























 I will, if possible  




 Great! waiting for your new movie and good luck :) 




 Haha, so will you choose to watch it again if you get any chance?  




 Yeah, word of mouth can make every movie successful. 




 Does this mean we have no more 007 series? What a pity! 




 I see~ So have you ever thought of the things about your second movie?  









 Why did you choose Suspicion to be your Directorial Debut? I mean you must have had some choices and why you finally chose Suspicion?  




 But creating heroes in the movie doesn't mean creating the heroes in our real life. In my opinion, in order to fulfill people's desire of heroes we need to make our nation stronger.  




 I can't agree more. And this kind of films are popular outside America, which enlarge the market and gives the film maker more profit to make. But now I want to know what things they will make into hero in the future. So far we have iron, spider and so many things. It seems that children and boys are more addicted to this kind of films.  




 Yes, so I mean there won't be so many women who want a guy at their father's age to be their boyfriend.  




 Haha, the monster on the cover is very cute.  




 Ant-Man has arouse heated discussion recently but I haven't seen it. Do you think it worth watching? I am thinking about finding a time to watch it with my friends.  









 16 maybe 
























 It is a realistic problem for everyone. Hopefully we can all realize it.  




 I'm sorry to know this. But I hope you can realize your dream soon.  




 You are so lucky to have this happy life. I believe that this is the dream of all people but very few of them can realize this dream. So you are lucky! 




 And people's mutual understanding will lead to the solutions of war, famine and other damages. In fact, if people can think more for others, it is not hard to realize this dream.  




 It's a pretty cool dream!  




 It's a beautiful dream and good luck to you.  




 One may have different dreams in different aspects and you must have the one that you really want to realize. What's that dream in your mind?  









 People seem to be crazy about this. But the one who is successfully picked by the director will be the luckiest one! 




 Amazing!! I would like to have the same design in my apartment!! 




 It may seem crazy but I have to say I'm willing to have the same kind of life! It's for freedom! 




 Oh! Sometimes not very tall can be very active and agility. :) 




 Haha, it's a little bit annoying. 




 So many friends of mine love this movie, too. they all think it excellent! 




 Why? I think word of mouth is the best way for a thing to be accepted by people.  
























 Thanks for sharing and I can imagine that! Especially when you have overcome all the difficulties on your way with your friends and see the most beautiful scenery on the top of the mountain!  




 So you are a mother-to-be? Or father-to-be? He must be a very cute little baby. Yeah,  a newly born baby will absolutely bring happiness to a family.  




 You may have one moment that you feel really happy and satisfied. Come and tell us.  




 Eating with your nose ;) 




 How are you? 
I'm fine. 
But sometimes you are not fine and not happy. It's OK to keep it a secret and don't let others know your bad mood but you should try to get yourself out of it.  




 I think this cake will be good to your brother but I don't think I would eat it. It''s a little bit horrible. How did you get the idea of the design of this cake?  




 Angel in City of Angels. When Cage made up his mind to give up being an angel and fall down to embrace the land and his lover.  




 I haven't got such a problem. I think when you are trying to recommend a movie to someone you first should make sure that he /she has the same interests as you so that they will enjoy the movie you ask them to watch. Otherwise, you may find them don't care much as you.  




 Definitely!!They end up movies with this kind of scenes, saying that it is the way that they leave a space for us to imagine what will happen next and it makes many scenes followed possible. They think it as good while I think it is very disturbing and annoying.  




 Final Destination. 
When somebody is going to die and when they actually are dead. I can't watch it alone! 




 A great person died. It's a pity for all of us.  




 The characters in the animated movie are designed but not real. Most of them can be divided into two groups, one is the optimistic and kind people while the other is the pessimistic and evil people. we can find people to act as evil one easily but to find out who is qualified to play the optimistic and kind one will be a big problem.  




 Word of mouth effect, which make this movie become more popular.  









 Just keep going and I believe you can!:) 
























 I just watch movies for fun in my free time, so it is OK for me. Unless those concern with the themes that I really don't like, I have no idea about which is good and which is not.  




 Haha, and I also watched his Knowing and other movies too.  




 I do love Ip man too. Jackie Chan can be the most successful action movie actor in China. Besides, Jet Li and Donnie Yen are great actors in China too. There are still actress who is good at martial arts in China such as Zhang Lanxin in Chinese Zodiac. Movies with Chinese martial arts can make me excited and I'm always dreaming about learning Chinese martial arts! 




 You love Jackie Chan's movie? What about Donnie Yen and Jet Li then? But seriously, Jackie Chan's action movies are excellent!! 




 Anne Hathaway, The Devil Wears Prada.
Natalie Portman, Black Swan.  




 Bad roommate can really make you crazy. I have this kind of crazy roommates at my dormitory at college. They don't want to talk and they just focus on her own things. So I really didn't like the atmosphere at my dormitory.  




 If it's only one grape, find someone who is allergic to grapes so he/she can die easily. Or to find someone who is addicted to grapes, he/she wants to eat a lot of grapes but they have only one. Then they may get into anxiety and finally die. If I have sooooo much grapes, I will choose to feed him/ her with all the grapes to kill him/her.  




 Wow! Looks fantastic! This thing is the combination of all the things I like!! 




 But somebody said that Furious 6 was the best one and Furious 7 was even better. I don't know why.  




 OK, that means you both know that you don't want to obey his order and he says nothing and let you go. Then he is a great father. He doesn't force you to obey.  




 A very cute sheep!  




 Fortunately he didn't! I can't imagine any other actors for these two roles! 




 But you still can't do your own things since you are hiding from your father. You stay out late to do your own things? And when you are back what will your father do? He must know you stay out late and leave early on purpose.  




 Can't believe they are back but they will be on the movie screen!!Love their song but still confused about what the movie will be. Besides, why is a horror film?!! 




 Seriously, when it comes to actors of Chinese martial arts, I'd prefer Jackie Chan than Donnie Yen. So I will choose Rush Hour rather than Kung Fu Killer.  




 Your parents may ask you to do something you don't want to do when you are at home such as ask you to take out the trash when you are busy with your own things, or your teacher may ask you to do something for her and you have your own things to do, what will you do under these conditions?  




 Yeah, the plane crash scene was good and the last scene of the movie, the destruction of the earth was ...not that good. And the plots in the movie seemed to be too flat.  




 Rise of the Planet of the Apes. It's not my favorite movie but I did watched it for more than three times.  




 Knowing. At the very first, I thought it to be a horrible movie. But later I realize that it intends to awake people's aware that we have no idea about when will the world vanish and when will be the destruction of human beings. treasure our life.  




 I hate reading,too. But I like books. I usually buy a lot of books and wish I can finish reading them in a certain period of time. However, up to now, I've bought so many books but haven't finished reading one of them. I think reading is boring and time-costing. I know reading can help me a lot and I should read something and keep the habit of reading in my life. But I just can't make myself be addicted into books. I don't know why. I really admire those who loves reading and those who can finish reading one book in several days and I want to be a member of them. Can somebody give me some advice?  




 Actually I think Momy will be more excited than Dady because Momy has spent almost then months with him already but it will be the first time to see how he looks like.  
























