 Two brothers peered out of their house window into an all-consuming darkness, darkness capable of hiding any truth. Yet the darkness was easily and abruptly interrupted by a speeding car's oncoming headlights. The brothers saw the car drop off an object, a being... something, into the darkness. It was quite an odd event. What followed was the distinct sound of a rattling bell. The brothers who had recently lost their dog of eleven years were quite intrigued. The two boys remember no sound better than the rattling bell on their dogs collar. The younger brother spoke in a hopeful yet ecstatic tone, "I think that was a dog!" he claimed. The older brother, Mike, quickly let a dream transform into reality. He foolishly affirmed that he and his brother had just come across a sign from God. Mike claimed, "God wants us to get Jake back," (Jake was the name of the brother's late dog).
They walked along the road, whistling their mouths and clapping their knees. They were noisy but driven by the potential of a new companion. The brothers found it incomprehensible that locating a dog they had just seen would prove so challenging. They went at it for several minutes leaving loud echoes in the streets. Then they came along a wooded area adjacent to the road. They heard a familiar sound... a bell ringing. Although eerie, the brothers uncontrollably had a smile thrust upon their faces.
The smiles however wouldn't last; the brothers were instantaneously thrown to the ground, yet the force doing the throwing was not that of a dog. The brothers were thrown to the ground by a mysterious man, a man as ominous as the darkness that swallowed them. The man held a face of pure evil and power, a face reminiscent to that of the Joker. This was unsettling for the younger brother, who was an avid supporter of the Batman franchise.
The evil face proceeded to murder the two brothers with ease. He sliced their throats with a sharp blade and smirked at their inability to scream. The brothers suffocated on their own warm blood, as it filled their weak lungs. The evil faced man stood up and skipped away in joy, ringing musical bells in his left hand. He laughed outrageously and said "Ohh you will get your very own Jake back quite soon." He laughed and tucking his crucifix necklace into his shirt slyly declared, "Well Mike you're right about me wanting you to get your dog back." The man then floated away leaving the Darkness far behind him, almost as if he were leaving for the brightest destination known to man.
 

















































 Two brothers peered out of their house window into an all-consuming darkness, darkness capable of hiding any truth. Yet the darkness was easily and abruptly interrupted by a speeding car's oncoming headlights. The brothers saw the car drop off an object, a being... something, into the darkness. It was quite an odd event. What followed was the distinct sound of a rattling bell. The brothers who had recently lost their dog of eleven years were quite intrigued. The two boys remember no sound better than the rattling bell on their dogs collar. The younger brother spoke in a hopeful yet ecstatic tone, "I think that was a dog!" he claimed. The older brother, Mike, quickly let a dream transform into reality. He foolishly affirmed that he and his brother had just come across a sign from God. Mike claimed, "God wants us to get Jake back," (Jake was the name of the brother's late dog).

They walked along the road, whistling their mouths and clapping their knees. They were noisy but driven by the potential of a new companion. The brothers found it incomprehensible that locating a dog they had just seen would prove so challenging. They went at it for several minutes leaving loud echoes in the streets. Then they came along a wooded area adjacent to the road. They heard a familiar sound... a bell ringing. Although eerie, the brothers uncontrollably had a smile thrust upon their faces.

The smiles however wouldn't last; the brothers were instantaneously thrust to the ground. The innocent boys were thrown to the pavement, yet the force doing the throwing was not that of a dog. The brothers were thrown to the ground by a mysterious man, a man as ominous as the darkness around them. The man held a face of pure evil and power, a face reminiscent to that of the Joker. This was unsettling for the younger brother, who was an avid supporter of the Batman franchise.

The evil face proceeded to murder the two brothers with ease. He sliced their throats with a sharp blade and smirked at their inability to scream. The brothers suffocated on their own warm blood, as it filled their weak lungs. The evil faced man stood up and skipped away in joy, ringing musical bells in his left hand. He laughed outrageously and said "Ohh you will get your very own Jake back quite soon." He laughed and tucking his crucifix necklace into his shirt slyly declared, "Well Mike you're right about me wanting you to get your dog back." The man then floated away leaving the Darkness far behind him, almost as if he were leaving for the brightest destination known to man.
 
























 Sand sculptor one: Okay I finished the first half of Batman

Sand sculptor two: Haha well ummm I actually thought we were doing the Joker

Sand sculptor one: You fucking idiot

Sand sculptor two: *giggles* Why so serious?
 
























 Another pro is that although he's alone he can easily get his dick wet... thanks ocean.  
























 Who just so happen to be Chinchilling 
























 Anyone have a clue when they're taping the new Batman. Get it because duct tape. 
























 Editing that must of been pretty yard... I mean hard... Fuck 
























 Clean dog: Yo, were you in the flowers again?

Dirty dog: *looks at chest* Uhhhh nah, I been chilling

Clean dog: Bitch, why you dandelion?
 
























 I'm hoping he is just taking care of some mob business. I'm hoping I never see him again. 




 Todd was an unserious man with a very serious problem; he was in love with painkillers and happened to wash them down with hard, hard liquor. Of course physically his liver was obliterated but the true damage was done on a metaphysical scale. Todd was deranged and even derailed since his problem started. The man who was once destined for greatness had lost all of his credibility; well actually he had lost all of his ability. 


The loss in Todds ability and the birth of Todds problem truly started during his senior year of high school. Todd was the teams varsity football captain and a highly coveted national recruit. Yet the quarterback entered the season uncommitted to any college program; he claimed he liked to tease the coaches. Not only was he uncommitted to a collegiate team but Todd was also uncommitted to almost everyone and everything else around him. The boy had no regard for high school, teachers, his family and even his friends. Todd held a myopic vision of himself that left space for nobody. This hurt Sam Feeble more than anyone else; Sam was Todds old close friend.


It was fitting that Sams last name was Feeble because in essence thats what everyone saw him as a weak, weak man, although this was not the case. Sam was a wise boy who had a handle on life and understood the importance of all important things. He had strong morals and displayed respect at all times. Sam was a good kid, yet Sam had a downfall, well a down fall in height. Sam was a sheer five-foot-one. 


Todd, who believed he could only be surrounded by the best, quickly distanced himself from Sam. He honestly thought Sam was not tall enough to be his friend anymore. This would hurt most adolescent boys, but Sam was happy to see Todd succeed. Thats why when Todd tore his ACL during his senior year of football Sam was devastated. Sam had a heart big enough for the two of them. 


Anyways, thats how the problem started. Todd was given prescription painkillers and he soon became addicted. He lost his scholarships; he lost everything, even Sam. Sam wanted to stick around to help Todd but college took him elsewhere. It seemed as if the two would never be seen with each other again, until Todd saw the future.


Twenty years later, Todd knocked on Sams door. Todds stomach was racing like he was on a rollercoaster. He had heard Sam had been living with his mother ever since he finished college. He had hoped the rumors were true since he came from miles away but was very uneasy. Luckily, Sam opened the door and at a loss of words smiled.


Todd didnt wait for him to speak or even wait for him to stop smiling he shot Sam through the head. And as crazy as it may sound, Todd was doing him a favor. A week earlier, Todd had received painkillers from a new dealer. But he quickly discovered he had taken much more than a painkiller. Todd blacked out and saw his entire life flash before his eyes. Yet, this was not the end of his visions into the future. Todd then saw what happened after his life was over, first blackness and then well he was a mouse, a small mouse that scavenged for food and had no company. Todd theorized that his terrible human life had led to a reincarnation of punishment. He then pondered what would happen if he had lived a moral life. This immediately led to his interest in contacting Sam again.


As the bullet pushed through Sams brains, there was only darkness. Blackness, nothingness Todd would never know that his vision was just a bad trip, or was it. Minutes later Sam opened his eyes and looked around he saw lions. He saw hundreds of lions bowing beneath him as he gazed over  a large white rock. Sam Feebles was now the king of the jungle.
 




 Imagine a young boy, growing up without his father, in one of those edgy coming of age films... that was me at seventeen. I was just like any other seventeen year old boy at the time, I played sports, had friends, all that, except I didn't know my father. This was an issue that never really bothered me until the age of seventeen, an age where youthful boys want answers. People had always asked me what it was like not having a father and to me this was an arrogant question. Not because it was a touchy subject but because my mother easily played the role of a father. She supported me in any stereotypical masculine discipline. Whether it was throwing a football or teaching me to stand up for myself... my mother did it all. 


But at age seventeen the mystery was begging for an answer, (I like to blame my raging hormones). I was at a point in my life  where I wanted to know who I was, what my identity was, what my worth was, and most importantly, where I was from. I felt that the only way I would truly find myself was through finding my father. I knew he was alive, my mother always told me,
"your father is out there, just not with us." 

This left me with a high level of inquiry. Yet my questions were always met with the same sharp response, 

"Stop asking questions! He left for a reason!" 

Of course I wanted to ask what the reason was but I didn't dare. The tone in my mother's voice was enough to keep me quiet. It was odd how she could make her voice bellow so deeply at times. In the end, I just assumed she was still hurt by his abrupt disappearance. I know I was, I had no memory of him at all, he left when I was a mere two years old. 


Most of my friends thought that it was outlandish for me to want to meet a man who deserted me, but I couldn't help it. Ever since I hit seventeen I was intrigued with who he was. It was painful for me but finally during my eighteenth birthday I gave up the search. I thought if my father ever wants to see me, well then he will. Months later, I wrote my college application essay on growing up without a father and finally found some closure.... or so I thought.


Years later on a Friday night during my junior year of college I got the call. I picked up the phone and on the other end was someone claiming to be my mother's friend. At first, I thought it was a prank call but then the caller said my mother's name. This moment shocked me, my mother did not have any friends I knew of. The caller who sounded like a man told me that he and my mother were friends before I was born. He then went on to say my mother passed in her sleep.I instantly teared up and for the first time that year I did not go partying on a Friday night.


The funeral was quiet and quick. Like I said my mother didn't have many friends. Additionally, she was the only child of my already deceased grandparents, so no one was around. After the funeral, I went back to my house to take any belongings before the house was put on the market. 


When I got to the house I sat in the kitchen and made myself a sandwich. As I was eating I heard a knock on the door that nearly made me fall off my seat. Could it be my Dad. It wasn't. I opened the door and in front of me was a tall man. The man claimed to be the man who called me, my mother's friend. He asked to come in and I didn't deny him, he was beyond intimidating. He wore a black, leather trench coat and had a black top hat on his head.


After talking for a while the man told me he had business to take care of. His speech was frightening to me, even though I knew he meant well. He left but as he walked out of the front door he told me to keep my mouth shut. I questioned him but like my mother he never gave me an answer, he got in his black sports car and sped away. 


Once he was gone, I decided to go through my mother's things. I was in her closet when the floor seemed to easily wobble. I jumped a little and it felt as though the floor nearly collapsed. I lifted a panel in the floor and discovered a large opening under the floor. Shockingly, in the floor opening was boxes, I took them out and placed them on my mother's bed. The first box held a bunch of track and field trophies. I just assumed my mother had held onto my father's track and field awards, she always said he was a star.


The next box is where things started to get weird. The box contained guns and knives. I had no idea why they were in my mother's closet, then I opened the third box. The box was full of pictures and newspaper articles. I was blown away at the first picture I saw. It was of my father and the tall man who was supposed to be my mother's friend. It was especially startling due to the cigars in their mouths and large guns in their hands. A mystery was unfolding in front of my eyes. I looked at one of the newspaper articles and it was about a man who murdered his mistress. Afterwards, I read another article from the box that was published five years later. The article  claimed they still had not found the man who murdered his mistress. I then solved the mystery, my father was a  mob man who ran away once one of his murders was uncovered. This explained why my mom never spoke of him, she was ashamed. He not only had a mistress but he was a killer. This also explained for the tall man telling me to keep my mouth shut. It was solved... or was it.


I wondered how the tall man who was truly my father's friend knew of my mother's passing. There was one box left and little did I know that this was the box to all the answers I ever wanted. I opened the box and in it was enough estrogen pills to last a lifetime. Next to the pills a blonde wig, the exact same shade as my mother's hair. Goosebumps. Pure goosebumps followed. I understood right away.


My father never ran away... he was right in front of me the whole time. It all made sense. My father had killed my mother and then to escape legal prosecution transformed his sex. I was outraged, I lived with a villain for eighteen years of my life. I was sick, I threw up, I cried. I'm now just releasing the story because it has haunted me for years. I'm once again hoping to find closure. I would call the police but I've been warned, that's why I apologize for being vague. All you need to know is that my father was a mad man. My father was a mobster. My father was a murderer. My father was my mother.
 
























