 Swimming in the Olympics for my country, Costa Rica 





























 well, if you're not hurting anyone, including yourself, I believe there is nothing wrong. 
 




 The problem is that sometimes laziness gets in the way of you pursuing other things that makes you happy.  
























 Got to love what they have accomplished with this Channel, I love the new Astronomy and Government courses.  




 Rocky 
























 the struggle is real 





























 Must watch videos of chainsaws and trucks to feel like a man again 




 San Francisco 
























 During a spacewalk at the ISS 




 I came here because of the 2 pics looks like one submission 
























 I am constantly surprised by the amount of feces my body can hold. Does anybody knows what's the colon volume capacity?  




 We should get Reggie back and focus on a RB, Murray would be a great option, IDK if Frank Gore is a good option 
























 That day was my father's birthday, being from Costa Rica, he didn't care at all of the NFL playoffs. So, he wanted to go to the movies, we saw The Hobbit. 
Watched the first half of the game before the movie and thought "ok, I think it's better if I stop watching". Couldn't believe the score when I came out of the room  




 Love it. Next you have to do an eye tracker graph  
























 I'm really looking forward for it.  





























 I think more than 800 the author is overstretching the story  




 That's a nice coincidence. You know, I've never read Stephen King. If I would choose to start, which one would you recommend?  




 If Pokmon were real, which one would you like to eat first in a delicious meal?  




 I agree, music usually distracts me. If I enjoy it I find myself focusing on it. And if I don't, why would I  bother listening something I don't like  




 I've just finished my longest book. It's Caballo de Troya from J. J. Bentez. It was 1167 pages long. 

What's your favorite long book? Did you had trouble finishing it? 




 I tried TLOTR The Return of the King. 
I couldn't finish it, Sam and Frodo bored me to death  
























