 These fields are close enough that it seems fairly natural of a progression of interests. I wouldn't worry about coming off as flakey. 




 Still, as far as I can tell, society has become more accepting of stem cell research, or possibly it just got old for their short attention spans. 




 Jenny is the worst. Fuck her. 




 So after reading this my guess is that there's a miscommunication. A quick google search suggests that "phanton traffic jams" really refers to are traffic jams with no obvious cause such as an accident or construction. I can see how someone would interpret that as "really is no reason for it [the traffic jam]" (my "chaos"), while you interpret that differently. I don't thinks there's actually a conflict here. The one thing I will criticize is that your first sentence seems to misconstrue shockwave as a cause of jams (which it can't, no one's saying that is the case) vs as the reason why they persist, though I don't think you mean to. 




 I don't think these explanations are mutually exclusive. The theory of traffic jam as waves requires that the rate of cars entering the back of the shockwave is greater than the rate at which cars leave at the front of the shockwave. Entering is a function of how many people are traveling and increases with number, while leaving is basically a constant, since cars only ever reach and accelerate so fast. If the former is greater than the latter, the shockwave persists, until it gets late enough that cars aren't entering faster than they are exiting. However, if there's no traffic jam, none of the above applies, there's no shockwave to speak of (at least, not yet)--if we all kept it smooth, we'd all get home faster. However, driving is chaotic, and all it takes to trigger the shockwave is someone suddenly breaking. (It's kind've like how water will superboil if there's no nucleation site to trigger a boil). If there are enough people traveling, the shockwave will start to grow; if there aren't, it won't form in the first place. It's a threshold.

That said, maybe you live in like NYC or some other absurdly over dense place where the number of cars entering is completely beyond the maximum flow rate possible by human drivers, in which case it would be oversaturated. 




 ? Ocean waves are destroyed because they hit a boundary and dissipate. There are no front and back boundaries on a high way; traffic jam waves propagate backwards at a slow rate and are only destroyed because eventually the rate of cars coming into the jam drops below a certain threshold. 




 Yup, hunter gatherer cultures are far more egalitarian and while they may have status it's not tied to property. There's no need to write things down when you have oral traditions, no real concept of property, and when you know everyone in your small community. There's no desire to lug around written things when you move around so much and everything you need to know about the wider world is encoded in oral traditions. Writing seems very much a invention that grew out of settlements and the rise of the elite status, who until recently were the sole writers and readers. My hypothesis (which I admit I have not looked into the literature on this) is that writing was invented for accounting (ledgers) with the rise of status, property, and trade, and soon evolved into law (written code of ethics) and scholarly traditions (engineering, philosophy, literature etc). It may in part be related to older clay and drawn artforms. 




 I like this answer, there's no set career track for a (socio-cultural) anthropology major, it's the ability to understand people through their perspective and be able to interpret and communicate another person's experiences that is very valuable. The kind of critical multi-dimensional thinking that comes with anthropological coursework helps deconstruct preconceptions underlying barriers to understanding between peoples. To add to your list, such a mindset can be useful as a medical practitioner in the third-world or who works with immigrant communities (e.g. The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down is a great book on the barriers between medical practitioners and the Hmong diaspora community who had very different mindset on health and illness), in the military to build rapport and understanding with local communities, and I've seen articles about corporate anthropologists who provide insight into the relationships between their types of products and consumers in a changing world. I think it can be very useful when combined with other skill sets and internship/professional experiences. 




 There are plenty of recent papers on the Hadza, just one example. 




 I think within a few hundred years, science will advance far enough that we can use computational tools to beat pathogens faster than they could evolve naturally, to the point that while we may still get new infections (as the diversity of microbes on Earth is incredible), even new pathogens will be rapidly treatable, and there will be very little suffering and death. Our tools will allow us to stay far far ahead of pathogens, while they remain forever limited by the "cost of natural selection"--basically, we automate the evolutionary arms race to our machines without incurring the cost ourselves. The only problem is that that same technology will allow a similar pace of biowarfare (artificial pathogens). 




 Hunter gatherer cultures who lack writing can be quite organized, in an egalitarian sense. Oral tradition is perfectly fine means of sharing knowledge. Non-verbal artwork also.

My guess is that writing had more to do with the rise of private property and governmental/social hierarchies due to settlement resulting in a need for a means of keeping records, ledgers, coded ethics and the like, leading eventually to ancient scholarship. Writing was lik

I don't know anything about this presumed overpopulation. Pre-settlement peoples did not have overpopulation problems; hunter gatherers are population regulated by both social (marital practices, abortion, infanticide) and biological (lactational amenorrhea) factors. 




 Agricultural diets were not necessarily any better than hunter gather diets (which btw still exist, and don't suffer mental issues). Sedentary farming diets are don't have a lot of variety and risk crop failure, leading to malnourishment. We can see cycles of plenty and not in the bone remains of agriculturalists. Hunter gatherers in contrast are better at hedging and migrating in times of need, and are actually more efficient in food labors. The transition is often due to social (status, property) and population factors (the need to intensify food production). 




 Reschedule the second school. 




 The online thing has various reasons, and not insignificantly is the unique demographic and changing relationship between older viewers and content w.r.t. to where they prefer to watch shows, potentially scheduling conflicts, misunderstandings, who knows; whatever the reasons (plural) it's probably more complicated than can be inferred from outside.

Merch I'll give you.

I don't understand why you're implying Korra was cancelled. It was never cancelled. It was always planned to be a 52 episode show ever since around 2012 sometime during book 1 production. Your last two sentences are not relevant to Korra at all. 




 Ice, Fire, Candy, and Slime. 




 Science fantasy. Whatever it is, I bet it'll have huge worldbuilding potential, the creativity and realism they inject in to their settings sets them apart from any other western animation. 




 I don't think that's a problem. There's less incentive for Nick to run the franchise into the ground. That said, *what is your source that Avatar was not profitable*. I call bullshit, you're just guessing.

Also, it's been almost two months since the finale. Can we please just let this rest, these kinds of comments have become a recurring circle jerk. 




 The chances of another series happening was very low. I think the best we can reasonably hope for is that they'll let someone else do Korra comics like they did for ATLA. 




 That's rough buddy. 

You should go to Captain Seaweeds. I'll buy you a (terrible) drink. 




  Could this hurt me when trying to work/apply to a synbio grad program?

No, the opposite.

 Do I hold out for Job #2 (not a sure thing), where I can work on something I am very interested in

Scale that about the 50% of the time you'll be working on what sounds like not very interesting tech work, is the work *you'll* actually be doing really more interesting than job 1? 




 Gene drives 




 The premise of the question is flawed: there's no a priori reason to assume that religion persists due to a evolutionary advantage for the individual. It persists through social, cultural, political, and economic forces. There are however arguments for and against the analogy that religion acts as a cultural virus--it persists not because it confers a fitness advantage to the host, but because it itself is very good at persisting in the population; this is Dawkins "virus of the mind". Criticisms of this cite studies showing that religious people are often happier, e.g. the Amish seem fairly content in their communities. I personally think the two arent mutually exclusive, religion, depending on context and strain can be both pathogenic and mutualistic, depending on the kinds of behaviors it confers as shaped by environmental contexts. At the same time this view understates the use of religion as a political and social weapon, or the vast abilities of the human mind to overinterpret patterns in the world where there may be none, or the inherent biases of people towards the in-group and the need to feel like they belong and not like an outcast. 




 Nope 




 Bryan said they used a lot more cgi models in Korra, and that they were very hard yo work on, but he seemed quite satisfied with how they turned put. 




 I assume it was lin. Unfortunately, I got a very blurry photo of it, so hence "iirc". 




 No... 




 Sure, I think it's very important to ask whether the MA is worth the investment; that said, I don't know enoug about this particular person or field of interest to comment on that. 




 Sabbatical potentially. Or worse-case (and this is good reason why OP should confirm) the POI is actually not there anymore or is planning on not being there at some point. 




 Is the job good enough that it would advance your career/give you valuable experience/look good if you were to reapply for grad school next year? The potential fellowships I guess complicate things. 




 Obviously, you need to check your smoke detectors to see if their batteries aren't dead. 




 For PhD, definitely. But most Masters's aren't funded. 




 Well, we got some volcanos. 




 Dropbox sync + External HDD every month or so. 




 Better than wishing you had backup to data. 




 People who hold doors open for you when you're not even close to the door yet. I know you're being nice, but now you have to wait, and I have to speed up, and it's inconvenient for the both of us.

People who put their luggage into overhead compartments on planes in the wrong way. We could all sit down faster if we didn't have to rotate every third piece of luggage to recover more storage space.

People waiting for elevators or trains who try to get on before the people can get off. You have to wait for the person to get off anyways, why delay their day and your own by making it harder for them to get out. 




 That's rough buddy. 




 Bryan Konietzko ended up showing about 420 slides (his count) of artwork from all four books. (Phil Rynda who worked on Bill and Mandy, Adventure Time, Gravity Falls, and The Lego Movie followed and was also awesome). Most of it was stuff we've already seen in art books, his blog, and at Cons.

Early Lin concept with helmet (iirc). Early Mako variation with ponytail (iirc). Early concept of the work in the book 1 art book where Korra beats up some metalbender cops on the rooftops of republic city. Early Wan concept with a very different look (beard, no spiky hair) and very different cat deer.

Reiterated what we already knew, that they had overseas production problems on Book 2, and thought it was unfortunate that a lot of the great artwork made for Book 2 didn't translate to screen, but that such is what happens in tv animation. Book 3 went a lot better.

Perspective, lighting, perspective, color, perspective. A lot of wonderful bg paintings and expression sheets. 

A lot of the characters were hard for the animators because of how realistic the designs were, a lot of that due to Joaquim (e.g. Tenzin, Bumi, Unalaq, Earth Queen). Minghua was based on a friend (design, not personality).

Bryan jokingly said he regretted that the characters in ATLA had such big heads, thus why The Legend of Korra had a more realistic design. He also joked that it would have been much easier to do both series in the style of Beginnings, despite how unique the style was for those episodes, it was still easier to draw than the rest of Korra (particularly the bg paintings). Compared Beginnings to doing a mini-movie in the middle of the book, though actually it was one of the first things they started working on for book 2.

Some great artwork from book 4 that I hope will be in the book 4 art book. The one that I remember most clearly were some early Prince Wu concepts--he looked VERY different btw, and NOT in a good way (kinda ugly and douchebag looking imo), the final version is much better. Hopefully it will be in the book 4 art book for you all to see =P. 




  could this element be bended(bent?)

That's essentially what Korra did in the finales of book 2 and 4. 




 That's kinda unfair, she learns the ability to see remotely, and that she that her energybending powers is basically limitless.

I will admit I am disappointed we didn't get to see the fire nation, but it's whatever. 




 Dude. Not the time. (But yes). 




 Auto-commuter self-driving car service, only $99/m, brought to you by Comcast; upgrade to high-speed for only $1009/m more. 




 But then why was their autism before vaccinations? Check mate. 




 Shiek omelette. 




 *WHO STOLE THE COOKIE FROM THE COOKIE JAR?* 














 Cried myself to sleep at age 8 for many nights. Realized that 10% of my life was over, and that before I knew it, it would be only 10% left. Not really sure why it doesn't affect me anymore. 




 Shower thought: Dragons. 














 Rewatching ATLA, I'm struck by how Toph plays a very unique role in Team Avatar. There's no denying, she's one of the strongest benders in either series, invaluable against large enemies and other feats of large-scale bending. Her presence significantly upped the scale of the threats the gaang could face. That also means she has some of the fewest 1v1 matches in the franchise: the Boulder (easy win), Aang (loss), Katara (mud fight, draw), and Bumi in the comics (draw) (edit: and Korra in the swamp (easy win), and Aang again in The Rift, which IIRC was a draw (?)).

She's actually one of the most situationally dependent fighters in the franchise. Take a look at her element matchups. Against earthbenders, she's godly, her innate affinity with the element gives her a hard advantage in the matchup, to the point that only Bumi is a real match. Airbenders, however, are a soft counter, with their ability to keep off the ground. The waterbender matchup is always gonna be the most situation dependent, it depends heavily on the availability of earth and water--in both her 1v1s, it's a mud environment. That said, her airbender 1v1s or waterbender 1v1s could be said to be no more than sparring matches, and she has no 1v1 firebender matches. Speculatively, firebenders keep rooted stances, and Toph defeats Fire Nation soldiers quite easily. Against a master, it's unclear if a master firebender could avoid the same fate, and take advantage of Toph's considerable weaknesses. And she has quite a few weaknesses: she can't swim, she's vulnerable if her feet are burned, and we have no idea how well she can take a physical hit that isn't earth--pretty much everyone else gets hit hard enough at some point to get thrown around (often by Toph), but we don't know how Toph (especially as a 12 year old) would take a heavy hit. I'm guessing chi-blockers could also have an advantage over her. Her portrayal as a fighter is completely different from every other character in either franchise, all of whom at some point face an intense duel. Instead, Toph uniquely specializes in large-scale epic combat. (That said, my comments are mostly about Toph in ATLA, there's less to go on about how Toph was as a metalbending cop, which is a very different style, which brings up the question of whether the metalbender cops we see the series, with their wire acrobatics and airships was something that was only introduced by Lin). 




 I'm interested in opinions and works on how people with utilitarian positions actually apply utilitarianism to the real-world given the inherent uncertainty and subjectivity of the consequences of choices. To my limited understanding, when I think of utilitarianism, I think of thought experiments like the trolley problem, but my main criticism with such thought experiments is that they are ideal well-defined problems with definite outcomes. Disregarding the time limitations of the human mind to fully assess a real-world problem of choice in most situations, even if a person had as much time as they needed to make a choice, real-world situations involve uncertainty of utility, and subjective assessments of probabilities, outcomes, consequences etc. Moreover, choices don't exist in a vacuum like thought experiments do. And the real-world scenarios tends to have many many potential choices, with varying degrees of risk all with their own uncertainties. How does the utilitarian reconcile this? 




 Intro: Seeing the list (link below) of top 10 most torrented shows of 2014 (8.1m for GoT at 1st place, and 2.4m for South Park at 10th place), I decided to see how Korra compares.
http://insidetv.ew.com/2014/12/29/game-of-thrones-most-pirated-show/

Methods: I looked through KickAT, using the search term "Korra", looking through the first 4 pages of results ordered by seeds (by then, the number of seeds had dropped from over 2000 to about 200), and summed the number of episode torrents for Book 4 and Book 3 separately.

Results: Book 4 had at least 1.8m episode torrents. Book 3 had at least 450k episode torrents. Assuming I only looked at about 80% of all the downloads (a conservatively high number), I estimate at least 2.2m torrents for Book 4, and 560k torrents for Book 3.

Discussion: My guess is that my Book 3 estimate is actually much too low, since more time has passed since Book 3, and seed number has decayed, it's probably at least 1m if not more, as I can believe it being lower than Book 4 but not by such a huge amount (though being on tv for most of its run probably reduced torrents). Both estimates are probably too low, but I assumed a conservative yield. Regardless, it is very possible that Korra has been torrented more in 2014 than 10th place South Park, though a proper comparison would require applying the above method to those shows as well, and seeing how well the numbers recovered match those given in the article (since I can't reproduce the article's methodology itself). Though it is somewhat an unfair comparison since Book 4 alone had 30% more episodes than South Park, and Book 3 and 4 together had 26 episodes all together, which is many more than most shows air in a year. Nonetheless, my guess is that Korra episodes have been torrented at least 3 million times in the past 6 months since Book 3 aired, which should make it one of the 10 most popular episodes in terms of illegal downloads of 2014, possibly higher than Suits, Vikings, Grey's Anatomy, and Arrow. This is pretty good considering that Korra is freely available to view online without a network or cable subscription on Nick (for most people), and also doesn't include non-torrent illegal streaming, and legal paid streaming distributors like Amazon and iTunes. Nick is probably aware that the show did very well based on Nick.com, Amazon, iTunes, and TV views.

tl;dr Korra was torrented at least 3 million times by a conservative episode between Books 3 and 4, which likely means it was one of the top 10 most torrented shows in 2014. 




 Just noticed the "ba-bi-di-ba-bi-di-ba-bi-di" singing. Anybody know culture this kind of singing is from? 



















 So many characters in both series have been shaped by tragedy in their lives for better or worse. 









 One thing I love about Avatar is how Aang and Korra have learned so much from so many different people.

Aang's masters: Monk Gyatso (airbending), Katara (waterbending), Pakku (waterbending), Toph (earthbending), Zuko (firebending), Jeongjeong (firebending philosophy), Bumi (earthbending philosophy), Iroh (life), Avatar Roku, Avatar Kyoshi, Avatar Kurruk, Avatar Yangchen, Lion Turtle (energybending) = 13 total, Edit: Dragons (firebending), Guru Pathik (chakras) [thanks /u/tiger66261, /u/MelonLooord]

Korra's masters: Tonraq (waterbending, presumably), Tenzin (airbending), Avatar Aang (energybending), Unalaq (spiritbending), Avatar Wan (history of the avatar), Jinora (spirit guide), Iroh (life), Suyin (metalbending), Katara (healing, both waterbending and physical therapy), Toph (spiritual connection, rational acceptance of the past), Zaheer (emotional/spiritual acceptance of the past) = 11 total, + Bolin (proearthbending), and Asami (driving), Edit: Iroh (life) [/u/restinpeace24]

Also notice the following connection about Korra's road to recovery in Book 4:

mind (Toph), body (Katara), and spirit (Zaheer) 




 If Kuvira would to succeed, is Air Temple Island considered part of the URN, or has it always been an independent area right off the coast? 




 Korra: Confronting Zaheer was her last step in self-healing. Now she is both physically and mentally prepared to face her foil, Kuvira, who unfortunately is now at her most dangerous. Zaheer believes completely in Korra's "limitless" potential. I find this intriguing. Either he's saying, Korra, the avatar really is important and you can and will do your job very well (acknowledging his own futility in trying to remove her from the world). Or foreshadows a final growth in power Korra will achieve in response to the superweapon threat--though I hope it's not a deus ex.

Kuvira: Now controls all of the Earth Empire--she values unity and security for her country. Her goal is probably Republic City--I mostly base this off the foreshadowing from the world leader meeting, the pieces (both the United Republic and Fire Nation forces) are on the border. Her actions towards her endgame include creating a spirit weapon, but also acquiring large amounts of metal--Yi was said to have "ore", ZaoFu's dome has been dismantled, a fact Opal references in the sneak peak. What could she possibly want with all the metal? Is the answer as mundane as just supplying her army (I don't think the writers would have mentioned it so many times if it wasn't important), or does the metal itself have a bigger role in... combining with the superweapon... or somehow advancing her endgame. *Maybe a giant ass mech or airship with a spirit laser* (death staresque). Big question, will she die? I say no. If Korra's potential is truly limitless, she'll be able to end things without taking a life. This would also parallel the ATLA finale. Most likely she's captured, or she takes her own life, but Korra won't kill her. Also, we have yet to see her POW camps, which we now know from the sneak peak to be where the Beifongs are captured. but it looks like 

Toph, Opal, Bolin, and Lin are on that.

Asami: Is working with Varrick on a plan to stop Kuvira's superweapon. If Raiko could pick one other genius to help, it would have to be Hiroshi Sato. Is Hiroshi's role this book just to reconcile Asami's relationship, or is there more to that arc? It's possible that he will be offered a path to redemption in helping stop Kuvira, which will close Asami's main arc, that of her relationship with her father, that has been present since book 1. Asami was underdeveloped last book, so it makes sense to give her a small final closing arc.

Bolin and Mako: Bolin's arc this season was learning he was an idiot for following Kuvira, and the path is now open for him regaining Opal's love. His endgame seems to be that he'll succeed, no surprise there.
Mako's an interesting case. I will say Bryke redeemed his character a lot in Book 3, and it doesn't seem they have set him up for much in the way of a character developing arc. Either he stays with Wu (unlikely) or he goes back to being a detective. Other than his current employment, he seems to be at his final destination. He participates in the final confrontation somehow, though at Wu's side, unfortunately.

Wu: Comedy relief, hasn't really grown as a character in NINE episodes. There's some hints (scene at Little Ba Sing Se) that he may learn to become a good leader of his people, but I just can't see him right now being the Earth Empire endgame. That said, Bryke have been known to utilize quite sudden character shifts, and why else would he be a character. On the other hand, he may exist by necessity of the Earth Kingdom needing a monarchial heir for Kuvira to usurp. He could really just be comedic bait and switch. I do find it unlikely that the Earth nation will revert to a Kingdom in the finale, too much has changed. That said, the Fire Nation is still a (now benevolent) monarchy, so I see a few possibilities for what will come out of the Earth Empire. 1) It becomes a (competent) monarchy with Wu as King. 2) A constitutional monarchy with a parliament. 3) A non-monarchy independent democratic nation. 4) Dissolve into independent states. 5) A confederacy of states. 6) Joins the United Republic (far fetched). The impending liberation of Zao Fu probably points at 2-5. Will Su take an active role in government? She has been and still is the only competent potential leader. Maybe in an advisorial role.

Varrick and Zhuli: Zhuli betrays Kuvira somehow, unknown. Or potentially, she backstabs Baltar Jr, likely since she's working with him now--though really, she should have done that before Baltar Jr. figured out how to weaponize the swamp. Varrick realizes his love for Zhuli. What exactly counts as a countermeasure to a superweapon anyways? Asami and Varrick don't exactly have many resources other than... their own spirit vines. Cold war?

Jinora: Hopefully not captured again. Reunion with Kai (where is that little scamp), who's main arc was last book.

Baltar Jr: Dies, hopefully. At least, won't be redeemed.

General Iroh will lead the United Forces in the final confrontation, small cameo. Izumi, Raiko, and Tenzin + Jinora will have their small roles leading their respective factions, but Korra will avert major conflict. I just don't think this book will get that dark, though it will get *worse* in about two episodes.

Kai, Ikki, Meelo, Rohan, Pema, Tonraq, Mako and Bolin's family, Desna, and Eska have had their small roles this season. Bumi and Kya will have a cameo in the epilogue. And Katara and Zuko will have a flirty moment (okay, I don't think we'll actually see them again). Toph will disappear back in the swamp after saying goodbye. 














 It's not actually recent at all.

 Sometime around a year and a half ago we were similarly duped on a large scale. We got the news from the higher-ups that our Book 4 budget was getting slashed, almost to the tune of an entire episodes budget. - Bryan Konietzko

Do you remember what we were doing a year and a half ago? We were still waiting for Book 2 to air. Book 2 was still in post-production, Book 3 in production, and Book 4 was likely in pre-production. This was probably when Bryke was working on 30+ episodes at some stage of production at the same time. This decision came out before any of the public mess with Nick. In any case, I'm glad that Nick decided, with only Book 1 having aired, and having just ordered 3 more books, that in evaluating their budget for the next... year and a half... they only reduced Korra's budget by one episode. It could've been a whole book. I find it amazing that Nick supported the show for 4 whole books since mid 2012, when originally they only ordered 1. Let's remember how excited we were back then. And now we're almost at the end! 





























 Rewatched The Terror Within from Book 3. Dat mole. Maybe it's actually Envy in disguys again guise. 




 Sandbending is probably the least explored type of bending, now that almost every other type has been expanded on Korra (except plantbending). I really wish we got to see more of it, there just seems to be a lot of potential and creativity with a powerful sand bending character, especially if it was easy to compactify and liquefact sand. Similar to lavanending, but more obviously parallel to air and waterbending techniques. Imagine a powerful sandbender arriving in Republic City and just bending all the stone buildings away like they were windy earth, or sinking them into the ground. Or giant sand storms blinding opponents plus seismic sense. Or Kya's water ring form but with sand. Or sand arms. Or sandsurfing. Or landscapes of glass from a sandbender vs firebender fight. Maybe we'll meet Toph this book and she has become a beast at it.

Edit: damn it jumbled up words in title 




 Goddamn it Korra. 




 Korra telling Toph that her daughters have reconciled. I want to know if she blames herself for her family problems, and what her response is to the news. Oh, and to learn that her granddaughter is an airbender. I hope she still has her sense of humor. 














 It's surprisingly hard emotionally to rewatch Korra from the beginning, she's so happy and gung-ho about being the avatar. Also, for anyone who says she's a weak bender, she makes some kick-ass fireblasts in her firebending test. 














 Jinora and Korra already are. Well, Jinora at least gets a tattoo. I think it would be incredibly exciting if they all got new hair styles. Mako also does not have his scarf anymore. If not hair change, at least other major cosmetic changes. The fandom would implode itself if Asami started wearing pigtails. 














 Unalaq: After today there will be no more Water Tribe; no more nations of any kind. The world is about to be transformed into something magnificent, and new. And I will lead this glorious revolution.

Zaheer: Together, we will forge a world without kings and queens, not borders and nations, where Man's only allegiance and those he loves. We will return to the true balance of natural order. And though you'll never again be reborn, your name will echo throughout history: Korra, the last Avatar.

---

However, compare

Unalaq: You think what Avatar Wan did was good? Driving almost all the spirits from this world? The Avatar hasn't brought balance, only chaos. You call yourself the bridge between the two worlds, but there shouldn't be a bridge: we should live together as one.

vs

Korra: But that won't bring balance. It will throw the world into chaos.

Zaheer: Exactly. The natural order is disorder.

---

Btw, speaking of revolutions,

Amon: The revolution has begun!

Unalaq (from above): [...] And I will lead this glorious revolution.

Zaheer: The revolution has already begun! 




 The Ultimatum, Enter the Void, and Venom of the Red Lotus had near perfect 9.9 and 10.0 scores on IMDB the last time I checked them. The last thread to point this out was posted 15 hours ago. In fact, they still do on this page
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1695360/eprate
which is usually slow to be updated (I have archived the page in case it changes).

But if you look at the episodes themselves (click on the link on the above page), all the scores have dropped significantly since that page was last updated. There is evidence of sabotage. A lot of the episodes now have somewhere between 22-24 new 1 ratings that weren't there before. And the female, female 18-29, 30-44 ratings are much lower than their male counterparts, which makes no sense, since this show isn't sexist (edited). The 1 raters seem to be consistently split between about 8 males and about 14 female accounts. 









 We know of three separate plans associated with the Red Lotus.

1. The original plan, according to Zaheer, which involved Unalaq, was to kidnap Korra and train her under the influence of the RL philosophy of "restoring the natural order of disorder." Note that I did not say the philosophy of "anarchy", and I'll discuss why later. There's some possibility that this plan was a lie (since it was never shown), but they did have four members trained in the four elements, so the Korra training part is likely true. Opening the spirit portals and releasing Vaatu was part of their endgame, though what they expected to do afterwards with Vaatu (other than spreading general chaos) and with Korra after she released Vaatu is unknown. All we know is that it did not involve the creation of a dark avatar. However, since Vaatu has to defeat Raava, I'm guessing their plan was to destroy the avatar anyways, but then why train Korra, unless that was a lie? Perhaps Korra must be fully realized to open the spirit portals. Or was their endgame really to take control of the avatar?

2. Once the original plan failed and the RL 4 were captured, Unalaq abandoned the Red Lotus and pursued his own plan, to still get Korra to open the spirit portals and release Vaatu, but now fuse with Vaatu to become a dark avatar, and destroy the avatar--essentially taking control of the role of the avatar for himself. Was this his goal from the beginning? Were the RL 4 betrayed? Or did he just take advantage of the situation in Zaheer's absence to satisfy his own greed in the name of spreading disorder?

3. The new Red Lotus plan. The spirit portals have been opened, but Vaatu has been defeated. The new plan is to destroy the avatar and bring anarchy/disorder to the world by targeting nations and governments themselves in order to empower the individual. This doesn't seem to match the plan to release Vaatu, who doesn't seem to want to empower humans at all, so my guess is that this is Zaheer's personal variation on the Red Lotus philosophy. Possibly, he just really hated prison, and wanted to be free.

Thoughts? 



















 melts the entire base of the mountain on which the Northern Air Temple is built on. It looks like in the finale there will be some kind of confrontation on a rocky lifeless landscape.

edit: w00t! 




 The finale's should have a LOT of characters vs the Red Lotus. Who should battle who? I hope Tonraq fights Ming-Hua. 




 Spirit Bend. If Unalaq could do it, the rest of the Red Lotus probably at least knows about spirit bending. Ming-hua doesn't seem spiritual enough to know how, but it would be cool if she could, and used her water arms to do so. Or if Zaheer could do it with airbending, that would probably look awesome. 




 Unalaq was a part of the Red Lotus, but he was also the head of a nation, how exactly was he supposed to fit into the part of the Red Lotus plan that involved taking out oppressive leaders?  




 A Breath of Fresh Air

Shiro Shinobi; "What other *changes* are in store for our city?"

Jinora to Korra: "You've *changed* the world. We're connected to the spirits again."

Kya to Bumi: "I have been noticing a *change* in your aura lately."

Tenzin to Korra: "You did what you thought was best for the world, and now things have *changed*. *Change* can be good or bad, depending on your point of view."

Korra to Daw: "Look, I know you're scared. You've gone through a big *change* and its kinda my fault."

Tenzin to Daw: "I have never met a new airbender before. Well, at least one whose diapers I didn't have to *change*."

Korra to Raiko: "Listen, I know you're having a tough time getting used to these *changes* and I'm sorry for that,"

Zaheer to Lolguards: "Now you might want to ration that bowl of rice. You've got three weeks till the next shift *change*."

Rebirth

Lolguards: "Finally. Our shift *change* is here."

Tenzin to Not A Happy Farmer: "Well, you're so much more than just a farmer now. Harmonic Convergence *changed* everything."

Kai: "The person who stole that stuff was the old me. Once I got airbending, I *changed*."

Kai: "Woah! Hey, lighten up. I'm turning over a new leaf, making a *change*."

The Earth Queen

Jinora: "Uncle Bumi, you've got to work on your stance *changes*."

Kai: "Keep the *change*. I love Ba Sing Se."

In Harm's Way

The Metal Clan

Aiwei: "I'm a truth seer. When people lie, their heart rate and breathing increase. I can sense the most subtle of *changes*."

Lin to Su: "You haven't *changed* one bit, have you?"

Su: "Ease up, Lin. Sure Varrick's made a few mistakes in his past, but that doesn't mean he should pay for it for the rest of his life. My chef was a pirate, but now he's a culinary master. People *change*."

Korra to Lin: "Su's right. You're never going to *change*. You're always gonna be a bitter, lonely woman."

Old Wounds

Su to Bolin: "Okay, Earth Guy. Well, let me know if you *change* your mind."

Su: "You know what, Lin? You're the one who hasn't *changed*. You're still a bitter loner who only cares about herself. No wonder Tenzin ended things with you years ago." OOO SNAP

Original Airbenders

Yung: "Can I *change* out of my robe now? It's itchy."

The Terror Within

The Stakeout

Zaheer: "You're a very smart young woman, Korra. But you must realize that once *change* begins, it cannot be stopped, even by the Avatar."

---

23 changes in Book 3: Change so far as of Ep 9. Wonder how many "Air" and "Spirits" there are in Book 1 and 2. Needs compilation vid after Book is over.

Source: avatar wikia transcripts 














 Opal is Tenzin's bastard daughter. Sokka is Su Yin's father. And the true leader of the Red Lotus is none other than

Toph "tough" Beifong.

Yes, Toph Beifong. It all makes sense now. Ai Wei saying that she has gone off in search of "enlightenment", much like how Zaheer seeks to "enter the void". That no one has seen her in many many years. That Ai Wei, the traitor, would be the one to admit this information. Why Toph had to protect Su Yin from jail time. It explains the hints that we might see her this season. Why she didn't help capture Zaheer's group 13 years ago, and why she retired from the police force years before that. Why Zaheer's group consists of unique benders, including one that is handicapable, like herself. She is the leader of the Red Lotus. Something happened between her and Aang just before his death. She disappeared from the world and is pulling the strings in the shadows. She is in collusion with Ai Wei, Su Yin, and the creation of Zao Fu is just part of the Red Lotus conspiracy. Opal Beifong is the promised child, Guru Laghima reborn, sent to destroy the unrightgeous of the Northern Air Temple. Toph killed Sokka, who is her baby daddy, because he knew something he shouldn't have. Toph Beifong is the ultimate enemy Korra and the gaang will face at the end of this season. What could probably be more surprising than our own esteemed Toph Beifong being the true antagonist of Book 3? What else could possibly cap off Lin's character development this season more than realizing the monsters that her own sister and mother truly are? Why else would Korra and Bolin need to learn metalbending? Who other than the greatest earthbender who ever lived could possibly be a worthy successor to Book 1's Amon, and Book 2's world ending manifestation of evil itself? Only the blind can see when we enter the Void.

It's the dawning of a new age, and the Blind Bandit will rise again to impose her vision of a new world order on us all. 




 We know Zaheer's the leader of his gang of four, but now with Ai Wei's betrayal, speculations that Su Yin is also involved, and a possible connection to the Earth Queen, it seems possible that the real mastermind behind this Red Lotus conspiracy may not be Zaheer as we thought. Zaheer seems more like a fanatic following a path laid out from him, a master plan of sorts. Ai Wei is intelligent and also looks to be a strong fighter, I wouldn't be surprised if he was the true mastermind or current leader of the conspiracy. I really do hope we get to see him fight. Huo Ting, if she is involved, seems more likely to have joined due to her prejudice against the avatar, her and the Dai Li's motivation seems clear. I doubt at this point the main players in the conspiracy haven't been shown yet, which is one reason I find Ai Wei's reveal to be fascinating. There might be other minor members of the conspiracy to be revealed. Who else might be involved? Raiko? Varrick? MEELO? I feel like this season just imploded in awesomeness.
 









 Was Aang just like gtfo? 




 So we got our evil airbender leader, chaos incarnate, chi-blockers, bloodbenders, and more. Some villains bring in fresh new ideas (Vaatu), others are twists on established concepts in the franchise (Amon). What ideas do you have for awesome final season of Korra villains? 




 Summary: Spirits = Souls. Humans are weak spirits which gain by inhabiting physical bodies. Non physical spirits are strong enough to not need physical bodies. Spirits (and thus humans) die permanently, except when (like horcruxes) a part of them remains somewhere else, and in which case they can revive (that is, they don't really ever reincarnate). When spirits gain physical forms (without killing the host), they become vulnerable to death, as in Raava/Avatar and Unavaatu in the avatar state, AND Yue/the moon spirit/fish, which are the same phenomena. Thus, Unavaatu is perma-dead. Lastly, I briefly talk about how does Korra bend her inner spirit, and what happened when Aang and Raava fuse with the Ocean spirit, with no real answers to these questions.

Long Version: Firstly, "Spirit" and "soul" are indistinguishable. [When Unalaq tries to spirit bend Jinora, he threatens her eternal soul]. Spirits (non-human or animal) as we know them are those which do not inhabit physical bodies. Their spiritual bodies are sufficient to interact with the worlds (both Spiritual and Physical worlds), some seem always solid [most spirits], others can become invisible or visible at will [dragonfly bunnies]. Therefore,

~~~Humans Are Really Spirits. 

Spirits (non-human or animals such as dragons, air bison, and badger-moles) as we know them do not *need* to inhabit physical bodies. The converse is that human spirits must inhabit physical bodies. Human spirits can thus be considered *weak* spirits in this regard. The human being consists of a human spirit (a soul), which is indistinguishable from the self, and which inhabits a physical body, which acts as the medium by which a human spirit can interact with the world(s). They compensate their weakness buy having physical bodies. One advantage of having a physical body is that the body is necessary to bend the elements [disembodied human spirits cannot bend, elemental attacks seem to harm spirits both non-human and human, as when Korra is attacked by Unalaq, or when any spirit is attacked in Book 2].

Most human spirits cannot be separated from their physical bodies (at least until death, see below). Some human beings are sufficiently spiritually inclined that they can leave their physical bodies. As a disembodied human spirit, they can interact in the spirit world (possibly due to its heightened spiritual energy), but not in the physical world, in which they are invisible ghosts [Aang, Book 1]. [The exception which proves the rule is Jinora Book 2, who is visible and can interact in the physical world. The appearances of Avatar Roku at the Winter Solstice and Avatar Kyoshi during her trial are also exceptions which prove the rule]. Moreover, only the sufficiently spiritually inclined can continue to exist as spirits after death [All avatars, the Painted Lady, and Iroh].

There is another reason why human spirits can be considered *weak* spirits, and that is spiritual possession. Spirits (non-human) can possess a human's body [Beginnings, the Avatar, Unavaatu, Yue]. In doing so, the spirit can easily overpower the human's own control over their body, the human body starts to take on characters of the spirit, and the spirit if it remains too long will eventually kill the human body. All of these properties suggest that spirits are *stronger* than the spirit which is the human soul. (Or, it suggests that a physical body rejects a spirit which does not belong and eventually dies). 

~~~Yue/Moon are the same as Avatar/Raava

There are exceptions to the rule that spirit possession kills the human body: 1) a spirit and human can bond using the power of Harmonic Convergence and share a body [The Avatar, Unavaatu]. I claim a second exception: when the moon spirit imbues baby Yue with a part of its life force. Both Yue and the part of the moon spirit which lives within Yue's body without harming her, possibly because neither are particularly strong; Yue's spirit was weak at birth, and the moon spirit only parted with a tiny bit of itself.

I further claim that the bond between the Avatar and Raava and that between Yue and the moon spirit are much the same thing, a mutually beneficial sharing of a physical body. Both get stronger when bonded than when not. Both take on characteristics of the spirit; Yue's hair turns white, the Avatar state, and possibly why Korra could do amazing cosmic things when separated from Raava. A third example can also be said to fit this: Tui and La becoming mortal fishes may very well be another bond between spirit and physical being. Why do I say this? Because while we know Tui and La take on physical forms, we don't know how, and the only way we see this happening elsewhere is when Raava bonds with Wan to become the Avatar, and similar with Unavaatu. It is possible there are other ways a spirit can become physical without bonding with an existing physical being, in that instead perhaps they created or were endowed with physical forms, possibly suggesting that the first animals and humans were also once spirits which gained physical forms. Regardless, one thing seems certain, and that is

~~~Spirits Really Die, They Don't Reincarnate (and Unavaatu is Perma-Dead)

When a spirit becomes physical, it becomes *mortal* (or at least *vulnerable to death*, as I do think spirit bending actually kills spirits, since Korra words imply that it is similar to 'passing on'). Physical beings, like animals and humans, age and die and are mortal. Tui and La's physical forms can be killed. And we know that *if* the avatar is killed in the avatar state, then the avatar spirit will cease to exist; this suggests that Raava could really die permanently if the avatar dies in the avatar state. It is possible that this only means that Raava dies until the next Harmonic Convergence and is reborn in Vaatu. However it is ambiguous, and it makes sense that while Raava and Vaatu cannot die as spirits, by becoming mortal they become vulnerable to permanent death. If we take this as possible, then it is very possible that Vaatu at the bend of Book 2 had been permanently defeated; by bonding with Unalaq and becoming a giant avatar state being, and is permanently gone due to spirit bending. The other implication of this is that Unavaatu was foolish in separating Raava from Korra and killing Raava independently, as that reduced her fate to the case where Raava is a spirit and not vulnerable to permanent death.

What happens after death? There seem to be two possibilities. Reincarnation, and permanent death. The Avatar is said to be reincarnated into the next generation; however, we now know that it is really Raava's essence which survives, and that the human spirit part of the Avatar remains a separate identity which can be communicated with by future avatars by their connection with Raava. Thus, all avatars have separate human souls. That makes sense since Raava is said to be what is is reincarnated, but we don't know if the past avatars are still around now that Korra's connection is broken. Possibly, those avatars are still around, but they are just impossible to reach. Or, they could have 'passed on' when the connection was broken. It is never said that other human souls are reincarnated, only ever the Avatar, i.e. Raava.

Alternatively, all human souls (and spirits as well) are reincarnated in new human bodies (or new spirits) at death, and all avatars share the same soul, but are cognizant of old memories due to Raava. This explains how Raava transfers from one body to the next, by following the reincarnations of Wan. This would mean that breaking the connection to them really means that those past memories of the same soul are no longer available, in the same way that no other human can remember. However, I think this is less likely than that human souls actually pass on in death (except when they transcend into spirits), for the reasons discusses in the previous paragraph. But then, why do Raava and Vaatu remember their past reincarnations even when defeated? Is it because they are powerful spirits?

~~~Some Spirits Basically Use Horcruxes

Or is it because they aren't really destroyed if part of them exists in the other (while *connections* to other Avatar spirits *can* be broken). Instead, they seem to escape death because, when they break apart from each other, they leave a little bit of themselves behind, and in turn, take a bit of the other with them. Like Yin and Yang symbols, literally. This matches what is said in Book 2, that when one defeats the other, they come back in the other. This is an alternative to them being *reincarnated* in the other; instead they were never fully defeated in the first place, because (like horcruxes), in the name of balance, they cannot help but leave a part of themselves in the other. 

If this is the case, then it likely holds in general for spirits. This is similar to how the moon spirit was able to revive; by leaving a part of itself in Yue, the moon spirit was able to escape death, and the bond between Yue's and the old moon spirit become the new moon spirit. There really was a risk of the moon spirit permanently dying, except, there does seem to be an allowance in the avatar universe for prophecy and destiny for the sake of balance: Yue and her father knew her destiny was to become the new moon spirit, so there really wasn't a risk at all. Likewise, the spirits Raava and Vaatu cannot really kill each other, except in the possibility that they are in the avatar state when bonded with a human being. (Bye Vaatu).

Open Questions: How exactly does Korra bend her inner spirit in the Book 2 finale? Going by the above, my best answer is that because of her bond with Raava, she takes on some of Raava's ancient connections to the cosmos.

Open Question: What exactly is happening when Aang (+Raava) joins with the Ocean spirit to defeat the FN fleet? My best answer is that it is similar to spiritual possession (the Ocean spirit was in control), but *weird* since there were three entities in the same place, and there was also the Avatar state power-up going on at the same time.

Open Question: Why does killing the moon spirit stop waterbending and eclipse the moon? How to reconcile needing physical bodies to bend elements and the ocean and moon spirits? Perhaps the moon is the old physical body of the moon spirit which it leaves behind, but is still connected to.

Edit: This was way longer than I thought it would be. Thanks for your time (if anyone reads this)! 




 If either Mako or Asami had been just slightly more careful that day, they might not have ever met. What would have happened to the story? The fire ferrets would never have been sponsored in the tournament. The championship may or may not have happened (though Amon did say "everything's going according to plan" so I'm going to lean on the side of did happen). Mako and Korra would have been together earlier. Mako would not have been such a tool. Korra would never have found out about Hiroshi. This may or may not be bad. Lin's metalbenders would not have been captured. Lin herself would probably still have been head of police. This may have affected her interactions with Tarlok and his taskforce, perhaps not precipitating the events leading to Korra's capture and Yakone realization. Hiroshi's mechatanks would have been revealed during the attack on Republic City, and would have more of an element of surprise. But most importantly, would Asami have joined Team Avatar, or would she have joined her father? Imagine Asami as the corporate businesswoman villain of Book 2, avenging her father, teaming up or competing with Varick. Oh how Korra's heart, bless her, would hurt from her absence. 




 What's your favorite feels moment in ATLA and Korra? I recently rewatched the entire series and was surprised at how many times it made me tearbend. The Tale of Iroh being one of the best, obvi. 




 Armless waterbender = awesome concept.

Armless airbender, earthbender, or firebender = it would've just been bad. 




 Anyone think he could be ex-white lotus? It is an ancient society after all, and Zaheer seems well learned in ancient teachings. It also might provide him a motive for wanting to take down the white lotus and the avatar. 




 So those white lotus guys can just totally metalbend, earthbend, firebend out of that prison. 




 Rewatching ATLA, it didn't occur to me until now that while most other master benders had 1v1 fights, Toph did not (Aang, Zuko, Katara, Azula, Bumi, Ozai, Pakku, Iroh...ish). The closest that comes to mind is her fight in The Blind Bandit, a fight which was entirely in her favor. She almost always played a support role: first scout through seismic sense, incredibly powerful heavy offense and defense, and the ability to affect terrain. She is probably one of the best benders compared on ability to fight many lesser benders at one time, if not the best. Her usefulness in large scale battle cannot be understated. However, I think that 1v1, she'd be at a disadvantage in every matchup except vs earth, in which she's on the same order as Bumi (only Bumi's incredible intelligence, power, and experience can make up for Toph's unparalleled affinity to earth). This realization kinds makes me sad in that we actually never really get to see her fight 1v1 vs any other master bender (not counting her mud fight with Katara). In any case, Toph probably wouldn't win, since while incredibly powerful, she also has the most obvious exploitable vulnerabilities (ground reliance, feet reliance, weak hand to hand combat, physical vulnerability--we never really see her get thrown around like Zuko or Aang) that a master bender of any other element could easily exploit. Though maybe by sheer power and terrain control, she could take her opponent out faster than they can exploit her weaknesses. This gets me thinking, it seems to me that almost every other master bender level character has a decent matchup vs any other element--Toph is unique in that regard, and thus her combat role is treated very differently (in a good way). 




 I'll be honest, I'm not a fan of the multiple personality/psycho murderer lore. It's based on some reset silliness that happened at the VERY beginning of the game, before anything actually happened in the game. I'm far more partial to the recent Lovely Sunday artwork.

But the real reason I'm not a fan of the multiple personality/psychomurderer lore is that it's driving attention away from the stream itself. People want a protagonist with personality; that's fine. But a personality disorder is not a personality. It isn't IRL and it isn't in TPP. People want an interesting protagonist for which to ascribe an interesting personal narrative; that is also fine. But how is any kind of narrative going to form if we're ignoring the events in the stream itself?

What ever happened to us having to fight Roxanne nine times?
What ever happened to marill rollout hilarity or PC antics?
What ever happened to our inability to evolve torchic?

Instead of focusing on the developing narrative, we're stuck on this multiple personality/psycho murderer lore. Narrative can only develop by paying attention to what's happening on the stream, it is Pokemon's classic RPG elements + the unpredictability of the stream which generates novel narrative elements. Instead, we've replace developing real personality with a personality disorder, and now A and her 'mons have very little narrative development. Instead of hilarious antics, which was what made TPP so great in the first place, we've replaced that with dark humor and references that have quickly gotten old (A is a psychopath is not funny the umpteenth time without there being actual development on the theme). It doesn't fit into what's happening in the stream, or at least the community has not done a good job incorporating events from the stream. Instead, it's stalling creativity and development, and either it needs to start developing into a actual narrative, or be replaced. (I'm personally partial to the rebellious adventure story of girl and 'mons with occasional craziness reflected by Lovely Sunday, something closer to the in-game narrative of Pokemon). We're stuck making passing references to batman, or mirai nikki, or whatever. Gen I incorporated into it's narrative an utterly ridiculous and hilarious faux mythology from unpredictable in-game events and archetypal biblical stories; Gen II built on that developed characterization based on in-game events, and it worked because ultimately it fit into our destiny of fighting red.

Can we make more artwork and lore based on things happening in the stream, please? Or at least come up with some interest/operations/plans for playing the game itself? 
























 No, because then part of the series core fan demographic would not be able to watch it without being accompanied by a guardian. 




 The irony is that it's actually a thing in some countries to floss first. 




 *sigh, rezips pitck fork case* 




 Yeah, but sleeping is at least enjoyable. 




 YOU PEOPLE FORGOT TO FLOSS DIDN'T YOU. 




  Is the school funding a visit a common thing?

Depends on the field, some have visits before sending acceptances, some afterwards. The ones that send acceptances without requiring a visit, whether they offer visits may depend on how well funded the department is and the culture of the field/department.

If you can't visit, definitely Skype, or if that doesn't work, call. You'll want to do that before committing. 




 Trying to smell your own breathe doesnt work. What you should do is lick the back of your hand, wait a few seconds for it to dry, and then smell. 




 Theres not much advice to give other than that youll just have to make a list of what differs and maybe ask current grad students about their experiences in each program. What it sounds like is theres no bad choice. 




 You are ultimately junior and senior colleagues and are mutually responsible for helping advance each other's academic careers. 




 Some people in general will be annoyed by jokes in emails. I don't think it's a matter of professionalism. Academics get dozens to hundreds of emails a day, both excessive formalism and excessive extraneous casualness is a drain of time spent on an activity most people would rather not have to do but must. Unless it's like a response to the lab holiday party invitation or something of similar levity and familiarity, I think some people would be more annoyed not by the lack of professionalism, but because it's wasting their time.

Beyond emails, some PIs are very formal, others are more casual. Its a matter of reading whats mutually comfortable. Faculty attitudes also depend on department culture. I'm friendly and casual IRL with my PI, but prefer work emails be to the point which does not implry formal. 




 Followup question, what ecological opportunities allowed for the return to the sea by various vertebrate lineages e.g. cetaceans, mosasaurs. 




 Fair enough. Best of luck! 




 Sure, but I do feel like its not well known among amateur evolutionists. 




 Learn R and everything in Practical Computing for Biologists by Haddock and Dunn (regex, bash, basic python, some other stuff). Intro programming, as suggested by someone else, would be useful. 




 Not trying to offend, but I can't imagine that there aren't other anthropology departments with multiple faculty working on various food related topics, it's a fundamental human activity. At the risk of throwing out potential a program you've already considered, what about

WashU: https://anthropology.artsci.wustl.edu/research/archaeology/food-production
https://anthropology.artsci.wustl.edu/subfields/sociocultural-anthropology/research-areas/ecology-and-agriculture#overlay-context= 




 Please seem my comment here:

http://www.reddit.com/r/evolution/comments/2wd771/evidence_for_macroevolution/coq0elg 




 When we're talking about historical evolution on the timescales which scientists have never observed, talking about 10^2 to 10^9 time years, evolutionary history makes predictions about what we expect to see at all different levels, fossil morphology, contemporary morphology, organs, tissues, cells, biochemistry, and -omic data. These predictions have been correct again and again, and they tell a remarkably convergent story of the evolutionary history of life. There are some very fine details where there's still high uncertainty about the data, but there's no question about the broad (or even most of the medium and small) strokes, nor any question about whether evolution happens. Not to mention, the process of evolution by natural selection *must* happen, it's a statistical consequence which can be confirmed by both mathematical and computational arguments. As Dobzhansky once said "nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution" (something like that). 




  Macro-evolution happens (generally) by lots of micro-evolutionary changes piling up over many generations, not single leaps.

People make this observation all the time, and I don't feel like it's anything but an obvious and somewhat useless observation. First of all, it says nothing about whether macroevolution *actually happens*, or has happened in the past (which I think is the more important actual question for people who don't understand evolution)--only that if it did happen, it must have happened by the same processes which occur in microevolution. The actual evidence for macroevolution, either in contemporary time, or in historical geological time, lies elsewhere (in the form of many independent lines of evidence supporting the same evolutionary story, and the power of evolutionary theory to predict what we should observe). 

Secondly, the statement that macroevolution is lots and lots of microevolution is analogous to the equally true statement that "biology is just applied chemistry which is just applied physics which is just applied math". It's true but not very useful. It ignores the real scientific questions which emerge at the higher level. Macroevolution is just lots of microevolution, and *it isn't*. How species actually arise is a very hard and still open question (along with the question of what is a species anyways), which is informed by the study of the four microevolutionary processes (selection, drift, migration, mutation/recombination), but is certainly not completely explained by them. 

For example, the question of whether speciation occurs often in sympatry is a fundamental macroevolutionary question, and there is no answer from population geneticists (who are the people who study microevolution). Most people who study speciation evolution say it's not as important as allopatry, but it's still up for debate.

tl;dr: It's a true statement, but severely lacks nuance.

Edit: My grad student friend who studies speciation agrees that micro+time = macro is not really a meaningful statement. 









 People who commit fundamental attribution errors over and over. 




 So you're also going to ignore the socioeconomic/environmental factors as well? 




 And here I thought he meant to say "canonically". This makes more sense. 




 pretty sure that was sarcasm. unless your comment was also sarcasm. but maybe my comment is also sarcasm. 




  I was angry, I felt sick. I didn't know what to do.

Lies. I feel betrayed by OP. Why does this keep happening to me? 




 Plenty of free online materials to study for the GRE and then ~$30 prep books. All you need is some motivation to invest the time. Prep classes are a complete waste of money. And if you have questions, there are plenty of forums where people would be happy to explain a question or two for free. 




 Plenty of free online materials to study for the GRE and then ~$30 prep books. All you need is some motivation to invest the time. Prep classes are a complete waste of money. And if you have questions, there are plenty of forums where people would be happy to explain a question or two for free. 




 "Oh yeah, I think at the time they had already rejected me, so it slipped my mind to mention it." 




 I would probably send an email to whoever's the director of the CS graduate program or program admissions for advice concerning your particular situation. It won't hurt to ask. 




 They won't care about your nominal major as long as you have the coursework and research experience. Chemistry with relevant electives will definitely not be looked down upon for cell biology (where chemistry is probably very useful). 




 Don't forget to floss. 




 Found great lab and department with great fit, healthy department culture, intellectually satisfying, lots of opportunities and flexibility. Subfield is one where I feel like I'll have (relatively) good job prospects in academia or industry with transferable skills, while also being very personally interesting. Personal life consists of a very social grad student group within department, meetup.com, and admittedly not much outside of that. 




 It doesn't help you to know. 




 They're pyramids. 




 Physics word problems tend to not have extraneous information, and in some sense, the ability to abstract a real-world problem into an abstract model in physics is kinda the whole point of physics. This is not really the case in mathematics. 




 My opinion is that while the calculus track should be offered for people who intend to go into STEM fields, *everyone* should be *required* to take a prob stats course in HS. For the vast majority of people, it is far far more useful subject, and a far more useful subject for society for people to be educated about.

The other subject that needs a complete rehaul is geometry. It's often used as an introduction to "proofs" but is so far removed from the kind of proof thinking that a mathematician, or physicist, or even engineer would think of proofs. It's completely boring, have no context, somehow made repetitive (the whole point of mathematical arguments is to *avoid* repetition of ideas by abstractions that capture general relationships), and Euclid would shoot himself if he saw it. It sucks, because it was one of my least favorite subjects in school, yet one of my favorite subject in math competitions. Algebra through Calculus are *okay* I guess. 




 ...Well that took a tur... nope, it kinda just started off like that. 




 As a math major, I'm torn. On one hand, I wish the standard math track prioritized probability and statistics over the classic calculus track, as very few people outside of STEM ever need to use calculus, but almost everyone (even if they don't know it) are inundated with statistics every day. On the other hand, I wish the classic math track didn't vampirically drain geometry and algebra of any of the mathematical beauty and creativity that appeals to mathematicians. 




 I loved math. Not math class. Math competitions were the shit. Math class was shit. Same repetitive crap and endless walls of text word problems disguising another repetitive exercise within an "real world application" that is not actually useful in the real world. 




 WIFE WIFE WIFE WIFE WIFE WIFE WIFE 




 I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M NOT BUTTER 




  It might be overly simplistic and maybe even misleading, but statistics aren't offensive.

It's not just over simplistic, it's incorrect. Summary statistics about populations say very little about each individual within a population. 36% of the people you meet within a normally distributed population will be greater than 1 standard deviation from the mean, which can be a very different from the mean if the variance is large. When you refer to individual people, summary statistics about the populations they belong to are useless. Yet this is often the case of what happens in real life, people stereotype individuals as being characterized by a population average statistic. 

How often do people do this with people they don't know? 90% of the time? 80% of the time? Let's say 80%. So if person meets many people who belong to a group, and 80% of the time assume that the other person is describable by the group average, then they're within 1 standard deviation 64% of the time. That doesn't seem too bad, you're close enough most of the time. But from the other person's perspective, if they *are* very different from the group average, then 80% of their encounters involves a person assuming they are something they are not, simply because of the group they are associated with. That kind of casual racism gets very tiring very fast. And it's worse when the perceived population average is not even close to the actual. 




 I think this has a lot to do with shows these days being very much about plot and characters, while I think one of the triumphs of LoK is it's very rich thematic material more akin to that of very good literary works, that have to be reread again. 




 Context and audience are important though when it comes to "racist" comedy. 




 Makes sense, "d", English "r" and "l" and Japanese "r" have similar articulations of the tongue. "d" is a plosive, i.e. produced with a stop and release of air, while Japanese "r" is a tap, i.e. produced with a more subtle almost stop and release of air; it also has a "lateral" quality like in English "l" where air moves around the sides of the tongue. 




  that same standard must be applied to every other race.

And it should be. It's pretty fucking terrible to assume that a Hmong diaspora family is doing well just because they're perceived as "Asian" (whatever that means in any sense other than as a social construction), when many are actually poor, disenfranchised, refugees. Mean earnings say very little about the overall distribution of wealth within a class, and says nothing about individuals and individual families, and it's offensive to talk about *individuals* as if they're population averages. So I'll give a concession: "Asian people" are successful *as a group*, but that in *no way* reflects any particular person's experiences, and to ignore personal experiences is wrong. 




 I wouldn't say American education promotes creativity, given the obsession with standardized testings and appealing to the lowest common denominator. At least not in K-12 education.

Then there's the obvious problem when people consciously or subconsciously stereotype Asian Americans who spent most if not all of their lies growing up in the US as if they grew up in a completely different system 




 The one that gets me is "Where are you from?"

"The Mid-West"

"Lol, well, you know what I *meant* by "where are you from?"

Yes. Fuck off. 




 Oh yes, also floss your teeth. 




 Floss before masturbating. 




 at least they come in pairs. 




 Delaware, it's small, and not really in New England. 




 Warm, dry heat rises from the bottom. 




 Yup, beautifully animated western cartoon with anime influences and wonderfully realized world-building and similar use of color is much less relevant to anyone here (except the 100% upvote thus far) than "The Last Airbender has a higher IMDB rating than 50 Shades of Grey" or a dozen "What shows should I watch after Avatar" threads. Here's another thread for you to delete: http://www.reddit.com/r/TheLastAirbender/comments/2un88o/no_spoilers_a_recommendation_post_rwby// 




 Definitely next on my list! 




 I respect your opinion, and I completely disagree. I think this overlooks the fundamental difference between ATLA and LoK. ATLA was a struggle against an external threat, as exemplified in its name, "The Last Airbender" is the result of the . LoK was never about the villains, it was, as its name exemplifies, always about Korra. It was never about the external threats but Korra's internal growth as a character. And in this perspective, I thought Korra's final arc was very well done narratively and brought a lot of closure to her coming-of-age tale. Kuvira was never supposed to be a big final external and existential threat like the Red Lotus were, but primarily served as the foil to Korra's internal growth; she is what Korra could have been, and indeed, was designed to be just like who Korra was in the early Books. And when you say "nothing made it feel that this was the final time Team Avatar would be tested" that's exactly the point, the threats will always be there, but Korra is now physically, spiritually, and finally emotionally prepared for anything that comes her way, and there's no longer a question about her future role as the Avatar. It's pretty much spelled out in her final conversation with Tenzin. 









 Irony: OP is black. 




  it's coincidence that most of the places on my "I never want to visit that shithole" list are heavily Muslim

Well yeah, it's spatial and temporal autocorrelation. 




 Ah, well then definitely contact them to see if they're available. 




 October seems to on the late side IMO--some PI's won't respond for 2-4 weeks, and you want to have a good idea of where you're applying early enough that you can ask for LoR's. Otherwise, I think we had fairly similar advice. 




 Seems like you're off to a great start! I'm assuming you're applying this Fall. You could start emailing them now, though realize that it is a bit early for next cycle considering most programs are still finishing their admissions process for this cycle, which also means potential PI's have probably not thought about whether they're accepting students next year (which can depend on a host of factors, including whether they get new grad students this year, and whether they're funding situations changes from now until then). That said, it's never too early to start networking, especially if you have the opportunity to meet them face to face at conferences or invited seminars.

When you're ready, I'd send them a 2-3 paragraph email. "Dear Professor X", introduce yourself (name, university, major, if you're currently doing research in a related field "current doing undergraduate research in X" (brief, enough to spark some common ground)); that you're planning on applying to grad school programs this fall, interested in doing research in X, interested in potentially working in your lab and feel they're a good fit for you; was wondering if you're considering accepting/taking on new grad students, and whether you had some time available for a skype or phone interview; attached my CV below; thank them for their time and consideration.

What you want to do is introduce yourself, why you're contacting them, show well-informed interest in their lab, get an answer to the very important question of whether they're actually considering taking on new grad students, and that you are keen to continue the conversation with them, while being both courteous and respectful. The rest of your questions can be addressed in future conversations.

And then just wait. 




 Wait, but what did she leave thinking why you asked in the first place if you didn't end up asking her to babysit? 




 Floss. 




 Yup, since salamander tadpoles have gills, there was an existing developmental pathway--axolotl's are neotenous salamanders. 




 Define elite. 




 I prefer "Nothing in biology makes sense except in light of ecology." Context is everything. 




 I know others have responded but obviously such statistics are not useful except with respect to a particular population of study. 




 Yeah, we have some great museums. I'll definitely go back to visit 




 But aren't these transmission probabilities *conditional on your partner having HIV*? This ignore the marginal probability of your partner having HIV in the first place. Not that it's not useful information, but it's ignoring a very important component. Or am I mistaken? 




 Sigh, as much as I don't want to admit it, I think you're right. 




 These are literally false statements. Why is this even legal? 




 Hutchinson, but only for the space museum. 




 Kansas has surprisingly good public schools in some areas, at least, unless Brownback has his way with the education budget cuts. BBQ. Google Fiber. Sprint headquarters has a lot of jobs there. 




 http://petitions.moveon.org/sign/recall-sam-brownback 




 This source says at least 50% of O2 comes from plankton, though the original estimate that is being referenced is from 1998, so it could be outdated http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v483/n7387_supp/full/483S17a.html 




 And I wouldn't say humans are doomed. Many species will be doomed (which I think is very sad and kind of a shitty thing to leave to our descendants), but humans probably will end up fine, though that's frankly hard to predict (part of it is, we have no idea of what to expect of future technology, while other more predictable trends always have a great deal of uncertainty). What I do think is true is that it will end up being a lot more costly, in terms of the hardships people will face in the next few centuries, and the costs of replacing or substituting the relatively cheap services that ecosystems provide human society. It's not that our predictions are precise, but that even including current levels of uncertainty over predicted trends, it's very unlikely that a business-as-usual scenario will not end up harming us more than if we channeled our efforts into slowing current trends. Basically, while expected trendlines have quite a bit of uncertainty, our confidence ranges are almost entirely in the negative impacts--the mean trendlines are less important than the area under the distribution of potential futures that are bad. The reality is we're affecting the environment in a significantly negative way currently, not just through CO2 emissions, but in many other ways as well, including introducing invasive species, destroying ecosystems for short-sighted development, mismanagement of water and soil resources, and tonnes of pollution. These will have long-term consequences that will be extremely costly to fix, if they can be fixed at all.

 




 To step back from global warming and to look at the wider scope of anthropogenic environmental problems, one of the reasons why we food production hasn't been affected yet is because we're living on borrowed time. Fertilizers come from nonrenewable fossil fuels, and irrigation water is being used much faster than the aquifers from which they come from are replenishing, while healthy agricultural soil is being destroyed by unsustainable farming practices. We're able to maintain a level of food production because we're tapping into resources that have taken thousands to millions of years to accumulate, at obviously much faster rates than they are being replenished. It hasn't affected us to the point of food shortage just yet, but it is obviously unsustainable. Global warming will negatively affect food production by: increasing water usage, shifting climates (dryer and hotter summers, longer and colder winters, depending on geographic region), and increase in pest ranges. It's already negatively impacted the fishing and shellfish industries, as I mentioned with declining oyster populations.

Biodiversity loss has other affects. A lot of useful materials, such as new pharmaceuticals, are the result of studies of nature. Nature is a great resource for discovering new design and new chemicals.

But I think more importantly is the many services that ecosystems provide, such as protection from storms, water filtration, nutrient cycling, carbon sequestration, disease and pest control, pollination of crops, etc. These services can be valued at many hundreds of billions of dollars per year. Disruption of key foundation species in ecosystems due to global warming can lead to collapse of entire ecosystems--robust ecosystems have healthy biodiversity. We're still learning about the many ways in which ecosystems

Lastly, I'd like to give a word of caution of taking economic valuations of nature too literally; value will cycle up and down as in any market, but unlike man-made products where supply can be increased by increasing production, diminished ecosystem resources are lost forever (as far as human timespans are concerned). Ecosystem biodiversity has value in the long-run and preserving yields long-term savings and advancements, not to mention the spiritual/emotional, ethical, and aesthetic arguments in favor (which do mean something to me, but not to everyone). There's a much greater risk/loss when we under value vs over value ecosystems. 




  Have we ever observed a species decimated due to warming?

Well taken literally, decimated does mean only a 10% reduction, so yes, many many species. Ah, I'll stop being pedantic.

There are plenty of species that have been severely affected by global warming. Polar bears, and other cold climate species or high-altitude species (i.e. cold adapted species). Coral reefs, which are a foundation species, so that affects all the biodiversity in coral reef ecosystems as well. Many economically important shellfish crops (e.g. oysters) are in decline. A recent study found widespread amphibian extinction due to the spread of epidemic diseases that grow more optimally in warming environments. There are a lot of examples in the conservation ecology literature.

Warming means that climates are moving northwards. Thus, the geographic range of cold adapted species living at higher altitudes and latitudes are contracting, including both flora and fauna. Species that cannot move northward fast enough (e.g. venus fly traps) will be at risk. On the other hand, warm-climate adapted species are expected to increase in range; but this is also problematic, as some of these may be invasive, or pathogenic (e.g. mosquito-borne diseases). Ecosystems will also be disrupted, particularly thermally sensitive ecosystems, such as coral, leading to a collapse in biodiversity in those areas. Other problems include ocean acidification, costal flooding, and extreme precipitation conditions (extremely low or extremely high). 




 Fight Club 




 Oh man oh man, the feels. 




 - That's not really true. Not only did Korra save Kuvira's life, but her  belief in Kuvira's superiority, ends justify the means actions, and the irrelevance of the Avatar in the modern world, were obliterated the moment Korra contained that spirit blast. She admitted defeat. This is more or less spelled out in their dialogue. Her motives are not wrong, it's that it takes Korra's empathy for her to realize how her once pure motives had corrupted her judgement. She went from having all the power in the world to having none. Edit: Basically, Kuvira had a god complex, she was undefeatable, all powerful, and her endgoals were rightgeous regardless of the morality of her actions. In the end she was forced to confront the true face of god, was utterly defeated, utterly blown away by the unsurmountable power of the Avatar, and was *saved*, and the Avatar empathized with her. Kuvira, no longer blinded by power, control, and desire, those being stripped away from her, was forced to confront the reality of herself.

- When else would it have been acknowledged? Most of the rest of the series was dedicated to the battle, which is not the time to grieve, but to get the job done. Between the end of the battle and Korra and Asami talking was a few minutes, and the moment where they did address it made the most sense thematically.

- To each their own.

- Probably not, though I felt the opposite, I found he dislikable at first, but he grew on me.

- Yeah.

- Nega Korra's serves a metaphorical purpose in Korra's journey. 




 That is... odd... I may be wrong then, and it may be that is the case for more medical-oriented programs. I don't see any harm in emailing for clarification though. Avoid making decisions based on assumptions. 




 As I said in my other comment, most PhD programs observe the April 15th deadline. What did your decision letter say? Did it mention April 15th as a response deadline? 




 This was not true for any of my offers when I applied (none of which have wait lists), and there's no indication that this is the case here. That said, it's useful to know that this is a possibility. It seems contrary to the April 15th resolution that many institutions uphold. Are you sure your institution is part of the Council of Graduate Schools? 




 It's generally assumed to be 25 years per generation. 




 People have livelihoods there. 




 Nooooo, my honor! 




 I think you'd be surprised at how perceptive kids are. 




 The Daily Show hosted by Amy Schumer. 




 A lot of programs don't care about the writing section anyways. 4.0 is fine. How well you write on your essays is much more important. 




 Your scores are good enough. Spend the time working on other parts of your application. IMO GRE only matters in the sense that a low GRE can  raise flags. 




 These are questions you can ask current graduate students and faculty at visit day. If you are confused about something, ask. I'm sure they'll be happy to answer.

I do find it weird that the EE department doesn't guarantee 5 years of funding (even TAships) (I just checked UW EE FAQ page). IIRC, my UW offer (but in a different department) guaranteed 5 years of funding of at least TAships. You should ask current graduate students if a significant number of students have trouble getting funded or getting into a lab after 1 year. 




 I no longer can vote in KS. However I still have family and friends who live in KS. What can I do to protest the current government? 




 Better than both being bottomless. 




 Do you want to do scientific research? Or are you more interested in the advocacy part of environmental studies? It depends on what kind of career you want down the road. 




 Yes thank you! I was also at the event, but didn't get a pic of prince wu or the early mako sketch. (You wouldn't happen to have a gotten a pic of what I remember to be Lin with a helmet? Long-shot I guess).

Prince Wu kinda looks dandy... space dandy? EARTH dandy. 




 I'd say it's the opposite. Conflicts of interest must be reported during journal submissions, and are listed within published peer-review articles. Agencies that fund research also have policies regarding conflicts of interest. Institutions also have policies regarding conflicts of interest. 




 caskett. 




 Bioinformatics, biochemistry, bio(medical)engineering. The more quantitative skills you have, the better. Learn programming. Biology is becoming more quantitative and computational all around, and outside of biology, those skillsets will serve you well. 




 All the bme's I know ended up quitting engineering for more lucrative careers in finance, silicon valley, founded startups, and the like, if they weren't premeds (most were premeds). There are a lot of companies who like to hire engineers for jobs that aren't strictly engineering because they have desirable quantitative skillsets. (That said, it was one of the best bme programs in the country, which funnily seemed to not have many people go into engineering). Note, most of them pursued some kind of internship during undergrad in those fields (finance, tech). 




 If the individual learners could get together and share their knowledge and are able to exclude the "social learners" (who are essentially cheating the system), then yes, they would be able to increase their fitness without incurring the costs of helping cheaters. 




 I don't appreciate your prejudice. Please educate yourself with this PSA.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdN8sBzv60o 




 Not surprised, the Lego Movie was great, and over 18 includes college and young adults. 




 Do I have to pay taxes on the $1m? 




 20k/y income. 




 He/She probably means the graduate student union at their institution. 




 UCDavis offered me a low stipend and *partial* tuition remittance (which was obviously a deal breaker). Some institutions may be great programs academically and research wise but have no funding from higher up. 




 For deferred unsubsidized loans for which you have flexibility to pay but are still accruing interest, pay what you can, and in the order highest to lowest interest loans. Then move on to subsidized loans, same strategy. 




 ^Great advice. Also read whatever their program website has to say about it so you can have a more informed conversation, but you shouldn't feel weird asking about funding when it isn't clear to you, that's important for making your decisions. 
























 Fair enough, but that was not reflected in your original post. 




 Key words: *have* and *seen*. Past tense. Also *master's degree* implying your cohort is at least older than 24 on average. Whether laptops are disrespectful or not, your experience certainly does not describe the norm for today's 18-22 year old undergrads. "We all somehow coped fine" is a poor reason to not acknowledge the present--it's what older people say in *every* time in history, and time moves on. 




 I really enjoy the book "They Say, I Say: The Moves That Matter in Academic Writing." It's a short book about how to improve your academic writing. The title encapsulates the main thesis of the book: start by filling your audience in on the current discourse/context of your topic (what they say), and then present what new insight or addition or commentary you have (what I say)--no piece of academic text of speech exists in a vacuum. It's also very well written and engaging with many examples, and was convincing in shaping my own views on writing. (Though I personally think effective communication in STEM is extremely important). 




 Heroes after season 1. 




 Somebody saaaaaaaaaave me

Let your warm hands break right through it

Somebody saaaaaaaaaave me

I don't care how you do it, just stay, stay

C'mon, I've been waiting for you 




 Is it because you have all of your income in cash? 




 Its not an ass its a horse. 




 The best people to ask are current grad students in your department. 




 Hell Boy 3 




 The manga is like ten times better than the film. 




 Ah, ultraporn. 




 Same is true between any real interval and the whole real line, there exists a bijection to [0,pi) for which there exists a bijection tan and arctan to the real line. 




  I don't want to pressure my professors in the middle of the semester for something that I should have been doing sooner.

Nothing to do about that. Sunken cost. Your problem is not gonna go away by waiting, you should ask ASAP. You don't have the luxury of waiting around second-guessing yourself. 




  but you could have three published papers under your belt and amazing letters of recommendation and still get rejected if your GPA isn't high enough.

I disagree, but this might be biased by field. 




 I think the most important question is how much opportunity do you have to do research and how well connected or well known your mentors who you will be doing research for and will be writing your letters of recommendations are with their field (which we have little information to make a judgement on). These are by far the most important things for your PhD application. If the difference between the quality of your current research opportunities and those at another institution are great enough, it may be worth it. However, there are other ways you can improve your research experiences. Apply to summer REU's elsewhere to broaden and strengthen your research experiences. Work as a post-bac researcher or lab-technician at another institution for a few years after undergrad. Get a MA after undergrad. 




  GPA, applicable standardized scores (LSAT, GRE, etc.), and undergraduate institution.

Wait what? That can't possibly be right. Research experience, rec letters, and coursework all probably more important. You don't even mention research. 




 http://dynamicecology.wordpress.com/ 




 do some people not meet as often? i can't imagine a faculty member meeting with 24 people for 30 minutes a week each, that's like over 2-3 hours per day. 




 2:2:2 (postdoc:grad:undergrad) 




  Everyone is always so reactionary, address the symptoms after the fact, never the root cause. Things will never change.

So true, for so many things. Justice system, medical care, environment, etc. 




 I would create a company called the facebook. 




 Because it means more karma for he OP and the top post explaining what's wrong with the OP's interpretation. 




 Whatever it is, you probably just need to "Let it go." 




 Well, at least she finally got her water. 









 *side*-vote 




 Find a paid job as a technician or a paid research internship. 




 Doesnotprinter. 




 There will always be host-pathogen co-evolution--there will always be new human pathogens (e.g. HIV resistance and lethality). There are also subtle selective forces from changing diets, metabolic, and auto-immune diseases, and relaxation in pressures from previously deleterious mutations (e.g. increase in nearisightedness due to corrective lenses). Population expansion means more rare localized mutations, so rare genetic disorders. Globalization and migration will result in gene flow across previously separated populations--human populations will become more admixed. Changing sexual mores will affect sexual selection. Conscious knowledge of our own genetics in the form of personalized medicine will change our reproductive decisions (e.g. recent decline in Down's syndrome due to prenatal testing). 




  Anything that affects average number of surviving offspring is subject to selection pressure.

Only if it covaries with inherited (genetic) traits. So not "anything". 




 "Kitty!" 




 That Back to the Future III did in fact happen. 




 Those are quite different.

Noted.

if it were rooted in social behavior then you are forced to try to explain why music extends quite deeply into the realm of solitary behavior as well:

What I said was that music is an evolutionary trait related to us being social organisms. Music originated in the context of hunter gatherer social traditions. Im not disagreeing, except that theres no reason to think that our appreciation for music would turn off just because we now enjoy it as a solitary activity--I only meant to say that the origin of such neurological response was socially driven evolutionary adaptations, which would remain active today regardless of whether the context in which we listen to music has changed in the last few thousand years. Its evolutionary and social feedbacks in our deep history.

That doesn't mean those aren't evolutionary favored behaviors.

I dont disagree. What I should have distinguished was that the ability to process music as a general is universal and evolutionary, but musical preferences are socioculturally driven.

What I wanted to say is that the ultimate evolutionary reason for music cannot be because it is cognitively beneficial, because that does not explain how we evolved those neurological pathways in the first place. Our ability to understand music as a thing must predate the evolutionary adjustments which created neurological means by which music affects our cognition. I argue that that ultimate evolutionary cause is the social bonding it promotes. Only after our brains can process this thing called music can there be dual cognitive and social evolution in music. Said another way, people have to have a reason to produce music in the first place, otherwise genes which allow music to improve cognition are not useful if there is no music in the environment. The music must come first.
 




 So... butt floss? 




 Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. 




 But we're not talking about Master's degree stipends, so I don't see how you can say that that's even relevant to the discussion. That's also better than most fields where you pay tuition to get a master's. It's like saying, most undergrad degrees are worse than minimum wage. 




 Yes. 




 True, though we don't know they are. I don't think mourning needs religion; atheists mourn when their loved ones pass away; young children mourn lost parents or pets. I think what we see as elephants and apes mourning is behavior related to physical and mental stress from a lost social connection.

Your blog post looks interesting, I'll take a look later. 




 It's, out of what I see did you their of. 




 A 10-12k stipend for a reasonably ranked bio grad program? I've seen as low as the high teens and usually somewhere in the 20s, but your figure seems too low. No comment on starting salaries. 




 Google scholar some key term or topic from your class, limit search to Since 201X, and look at the top most cited papers. 




 Focus on the positive, and *stick to the prompt*. You're worried about things that aren't relevant to the prompt. 




 Who cares, it's a great mug. 




 Principal Investigater. Got it. 




 two dick guy can. 




 sexy primes 




 Ah, such small thoughts from a puny man. You must seek higher ambitions. 









 Wait what. 




 Obamamamama. *Shit*. 




 Wait, people don't split their home bathrooms by gender too? I thought *that* was the norm. 




 Reavers. 




 Ah, brings back fond memories of early 2000s. 




 Bawled my eyes out for the last two episodes. Wish they would release the tracks for Mako's last lightning bend, and Zhuli and Varrick's wedding. Also, never noticed the scene where Bolin picks at his nails with a screw turn thingie and sniffs them. All hail the... eternal off season. Can't wait for whatever universe Bryke creates next! 




 I can just imagine a bunch of first graders swarming an aquarium and kidnapping a manatee. 




 Not a paleontologist, but for more common species with many fossil sample points, presumably you could (and almost certainly have) use statistical sampling theory to infer a most likely time of extinction based on the temporal data set? 




 So the idea is that music promotes mental health and is therefore beneficial? This seems like a proximal cause and not an ultimate one. Why should music have promoted mental health at all? And if it does, why doesn't every mammal have music appreciation? How did we ever evolve to interpret patterned noises as music in the first place? Music promoting mental health must have evolved after whatever promoted our neurological ability to process music in the first place. It seems to me most likely that music is rooted in social behavior: communication, group bonding, oral traditions. Music is a deeply cultural aspect of human populations, and serves many sociocultural purposes, particularly in extant hunter-gatherer cultures around the world. Moreover, our appreciation of music is definitely socially constructed (hip hop, country, jazz, classical), though we have biological inclinations towards certain sound patterns (like why do we naturally associate moods to major or minor cords). Like how we have adaptations to language, it seems that our neurological responses to music must be a product of our deep human heritage of socialness and high-level pattern recognition/intelligence/abstract thinking. Other animals with "music" include other highly social and highly intelligent species, such as cetaceans, elephants, and many birds. Music itself is something that is learned from one generation to the next. A lot of other social activities promote mental health and good feeligns. 




 http://www.nytimes.com/images/blogs/laughlines/thehugemanatee.jpg 




 Allison Mack. 




 find a baby who's skin hasn't been recently painted. 




 Compared to a top 5 school, this difference in ranking is negligible in academia. They almost certainly have the same "name-recognition" within your field. And as you said, school B seems to be better if you decide to go into industry. Likewise, from your other comments in this thread, the financial situation adjusted for cost of living does not seem like a meaningful difference to sway your decision. Commute, area, activities seems a toss-up, and so should probably be given lower weight.

The big difference here is the *lab* and the *PI*. It may be true that the name recognition of the PI at school A will open more doors down the road. However, this is not necessarily the case. The new PI at school B has a lot more time and incentive to invest in your personal growth, while the PI at school A may not. You may have less independence in lab A, and more a cog in the wheel of larger on-going projects. A famous PI does not necessarily mean a good mentor, but they could be a good mentor. There are both really good and really bad famous PI's. The good thing is you have ways of figuring this out. The questions you need to ask are how have PI A's past PhD students done afterwards, and what current and recent PhD students say about the environment in the lab. Then again, PI B may be be a bad/inexperienced mentor and you have no current or past grad students to evaluate that. OTOH PI B could be a great young mentor with fresh ideas and you'd be right in the thick of it. There's more guessing involved here, but the best person to make this evaluation is not us since we have never met this person and know nothing about their personality. In terms of recommendations down the road, we can't tell. It could be that A carries a lot of weight in the field, but has less to say about you, than if you had worked for a less recognizable B who was very involved in your academic life. B also has the advantages of field work and vacation flexibility, which is not insignificant.

Personally, I would lean towards B, but there's too many ifs that I don't know that you should take that with a heavy grain of salt (particularly, that I have never met either PI as people). I would prioritize which PI, lab, and department you feel fits you better personally. Your relationship with your PI and lab is very important to your graduate school experience and down the road. Lastly, I would not let things like name-recognition sway you from what your gut tells you. 




 I disagree. How are you supposed to make informed decisions about which program to attend if you haven't talked to professors? 




 er...no? 




 ...with rice? 




 resonance frequency 




 The Pope. 




 Wait, those aren't like real people are they? 




 3-10=-7 year old cousin? 




 Do your own hw? 




 *growing up 




 Professor chaos 




 Yes, it is acceptable. 




 Mine says 

"First Last

PhD Student, Advisor's Lab

Institution, Department Affiliations (just the abbreviations)"

It's short and simple compared to most I have seen. Anyone who knows me well and corresponds with me often doesn't need to see a huge signature. Anyone who knows me but not well, has enough info to remind them of who I am. Anyone who doesn't know me, I'm introducing myself in the main body of my email. No phone number, no email address. Don't make it too long. 




 Definitely do, having a potential advisor on your side is really important in EEB PhD admissions. 




 My only comment is that I don't think it's surprising that theoretical work ranks low compared to applied-motivated work, that is true of most disciplines. 




  In other words you would like to define "evolutionary biologists" based on self-categorization

No, I gave my definition elsewhere. I never denied that there are evolutionary biologists who wouldn't self-identify as such, and I did not define "evolutionary biologist" as a self-categorized term. 




 I'll concede that molecular biologist to chemist is an example that could be argued, but I think my argument still stands. I am well aware the many ecologists are also statisticians, I don't see how that's relevant or contradicts my point--likewise, I don't see how your comment about Nobel Prize winners in chemistry is relevant either. I am aware that most biologists bridge multiple disciplines. All you've asserted is that a nonempty (proper) subset of A belongs to B, that does not mean B applies to all A.

A better analogy might have been, being a scientist does not make you a statistician, even though nearly every scientist applies statistical theory to their work; likewise, being a biologist does not make you an evolutionary biologist, even though every biologist applies evolutionary theory. An evolutionary biologist is not defined as any biologist who ever uses evolution in their work, but a biologist whose *primary* or *significant* research occupation is elucidating evolutionary theory. That's clearly how the term is used by practicing biologists and how they use it when they self-identify/self-categorize themselves. 




 EEB is weird like that. At most universities, if you haven't engaged with a potential advisor who is a good fit with your research interests and is actually considering taking students (which many years is not the case, due to lab space, funding, etc.), the prospects of your application being seriously considered is very low.

To OP, a lot of EEB grad students I've met have taking various routes between their B.S. to their Ph.D--it's not uncommon. Seems like you have a lot of really strong points going for you. 




 Same. If you're going into a program where you're gonna be treated like drones and lack agency then ... well ... idk why you chose to do that in the first place. 




 Not necessarily. That's about the best anyone can say. 




 I don't think any of these other posters are addressing what it seems to you're actually asking, which is the statistical breakdown of biology into subdisciplines. The best proxy I have found for this is Academia.edu--when you search for research interests, it gives you a number for the how many other people have use the same keywords. These are self-identified research interest designations. I have no idea of the biases (for example, do they actually study what they self-identify as interested in; are shorter phrases more likely to be chosen; things like "environmental sustainability" and other interests that aren't necessarily indicative of research would be biased upwards), but I think it should be better than trying to get at the same info using Google Scholar Author search, and more representative and easier to get than the breakdown of all faculty or awarded PhD's in say the US.

Here's a sample of keywords:

Biology: 316575

Ecology: 185391

Biotechnology: 115764

Molecular Biology: 102286

Conservation Biology: 100316

Bioinformatics: 78557

Biochemistry: 75764

Environmental Science: 70252

Neuroscience: 58034

Genetics: 28931

Immunology: 23458

Epidemiology: 21650

Cancer: 20452

Evolution: 18903

Biogeography: 14544

Fish Biology: 15378

Marine Biology: 15228

Genomics: 13039

Cell Biology: 10457

Population Genetics: 7946

Behavioral Sciences: 7147

Computational Biology: 6887

Biophysics: 6331

Phylogenetics: 5272

Developmental Biology: 2337

Lumping in things like population genetics and phylogenetics with evolution, it does seem that compared to fields like ecology, molecular biology, biochemistry, and bioinformatics, and neuroscience, it's less commonly a central focus of people's research. But these are obviously skeptical statistics. Could it be that "evolution" is so obvious as an interest to biologists that people just don't list it--still, someone who primarily identifies as an "evolutionary biologist" would probably list it. Why is comp bio so much lower than bioinformatics, or cell bio so far behind molecular bio? Is ecology really that high? It's hard to make conclusions here, but I think this gives a good first approximation. The ratio of evolution/biology is about 6%, which is similar to your figure.

To speculate on why this might be the case, most of the big subdisciplines are very directly health related--remember that the NIH research budget is huge compared to the NSF. There's more money, and therefore more active research, in biology the relates to health and that which is profitable. Other keywords are large because they are recent buzzwords (bioinformatics, genomics). Ecology surprises me for being as large as it is--maybe it includes many who are only tangentionally interested in ecology and conservation because of the very present environmental threats, and due to environmental activism. 




 OP's not talking about "evolutionary biology" he's talking about "evolutionary biologists" in the sense that biologists would actually use the word to signify a sub-discipline of study. Just because someone uses evolution in the work does not make them an evolutionary biologist. Your examples are analogous to saying an ecologist is a statistician because she uses statistics in her work, or a molecular biologist is a chemist because he uses chemistry in his work. Key word being "active". 




 My point is this not an evolutionary advantage. Most cancers occur late in life; selection is weak towards post reproductive phenotypes, so even if its advanatge, it's not an evolutionary advantage, because natural selection cannot "see" the phenotype. The reality is that even superficial knowledge of the genetics of cancer shows that it has not been selected for at the level of individuals and above. 




 Well for the longest time I believed that Back to the Future Three was never made because of MJF's Parkinson's. 




 Well yeah, everything is spiders. 




 No, and by that I mean, maybe there's an advantage but it's not evolutionary. The reason why cancer persists is not because it is advantageous and being selected for, but because despite it being deleterious, there's a lack of selection against it since most cancers occur late in life. Any group-level advantages seem far too weak to be selected for (group-level positive effects are only selected for if they're stronger than the individual-level negative effects).

Also, cancer refers to many different diseases, there's no shortage of ways cells can screw up their reproduction. 




 Not an *evolutionary* advantage. 




 Well that's kinda almost tautological isn't it? All you really said is that an X that is bad (or has universally agreed upon bad traits) is bad. 




 Valve really should just make a Half-Life 4 and skip HL3 just to fuck with us. 




 The reality is that any graduate program has graduate students from a variety of academic backgrounds, from top research private universities, to small liberal arts schools, to state schools. It seems like you're doing fine. 




 Yes, but not to the level of being a "red flag" considering the many other factors that affect the decision to take more graduate students. E.g. the labs in my department are well funded, but the culture of the department and the institution favors small labs. The information with regards to funding is not really useful without contextual info. The information is not useless to know, but I never disagreed there. 




 I never disagreed with that. All I said is that conclusions about their level of funding is complete speculation. 




 Did you floss everyday? 




 Uh, if you've never done research, how do you know you want to do a PhD? 




 Most programs do not grant deferrals anyways. 




 Seems like it'd be more direct to just ask how well the office gets along. 




 How supportive is the department of their graduate students? The faculty? The institution?

What's the culture like among graduate students, and faculty?

What made you decide to come here? How has your experience lived up to your expectations?

Where do graduate students tend to live (and other housing/living questions you may have)?

How's cost of living compared to stipend? How's the healthcare coverage? How's the graduate student union (if there is one)?

How often/much do you interact with other grad students in your department during department events/seminars/socials?

How long do people tend to take to finish their program?

What do you not like about the program, institution, area?

What do people do outside of research and academics? What's cool about the town/city?

How are the research resources on campus? teaching resources? athletic facilities?

Rotations, TA requirements, course requirements, thesis committees, quals, time-lines. 




 No. My PI is not taking any students this year (has taken 1 per year the last few years) and was already aware that a submitted grant had been funded. There are too many factors (PI personality, applicant field, department culture, discipline culture, how many grad students are currently in the lab, etc). It's a roundabout and completely unreliable way of getting at a question which you can get at more directly, by asking "how are the graduate students in X's lab currently being supported" or something of the sort. Also, if you want to know a PI's grants, you can probably look it up online anyways (university press releases, government websites) (not that's necessarily easily interpretable info w/o context). Complete bs advice. 




  Me: this waitress just said a super salad what the hell is that

Remove line, better delivery.

... punchline ruiner. 




 You don't want to go where twinkies have gone. 




 Sure, but it's not a useful statistic for making any kind of inference. 




 I mean, inbreeding also makes social groups stronger (whatever that means).

The idea that religion is a group-level adaptation makes no sense considering there's only one out of thousands of social species which has religion, and that religion clearly arose very recently in human evolution (whereas primate social behavior is very old). 




 And die. Like all living beings. (No, John Mccain is not a living being). 




 The "velocity" (rate of change) is still positive, but it the "acceleration" (rate of rate of change) is negative. World population is deaccelerating. 




 That's some Wizard of Oz shit right there. 




 Welp. That deescalated quickly. 




 If you have until april 1 then you can wait. 




 Yeah, I don't understand the use of Sigma here. 




 Compared to having marketable skills and work experience (summer internships), an extra degree in four years probably doesnt matter. 
























 Few honestly better drive after a beers I. 




 A biology teacher asked a question about genetics. As worded, it should've been interpreted as a problem in conditional probability, even though that is not what the teacher meant. Everyone but me answered the question as intended, while I answered the question as worded. Yet even after bringing up that I answered correctly given the wording of the problem, I was still marked wrong.

To this day I have plotted to ensure that the sex ratio of this teacher's F1 generation is less than expectation. 




 Oh no we're the last two humans on reddit! We need to repopulate; please insert genitals into auxiliary port. 




 Drive while smoking sugar free smegma. 




 Reddit. It's reddit all the way down. 24/7/365. 




 Still probably not much, except along the trench itself. The oceans are already connected below S. America. 




 5m^2 is just big enough to own God in Michelangelo's Creation of Adam on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel. 




 "Therefore I am." 




 You'd think rich people would jump on the opportunity to fund to longevity research, but I guess many of them end up falling for pseudoscience quackery more easily (e.g. Jobs). 




 Yes, but we favor the simpler model, which does not assume a giant eyeball. The burden of proof is to prove it exists, not disprove that it does not. 




 Leap years! 




  but could be scattered throughout the depths

Isn't that exactly what we believe? 




 Other languages still have punctuation. Also, it's a only post, 8 hour old account, so I don't think it's obvious. 




 If we follow the scientific method, we would look at this hypothesized model, and look at what predictions does this model make about what we should see in the real world. One such prediction would be aboue the parallax of stars, since they would all be on the same spherical surface. Stars near each other would, by parallax, be similar distances from the Earth. We know this is not the case, from countless astronomical measurements. There's no spherical surface that can be interpolated through the distances to stars or galaxies we measure based on parallax (and other methods). 




 Uh, except that the "thrifty gene hypothesis" has been criticized and simply does not have much support in the literature, and your second paragraph sounds overly adaptationist without supporting evidence (which I think is still a big problem with evolutionary psychology as a discipline). And, it's not a "caveman" adaptation: we know hunter-gatherers were/are less prone to famine than agriculturalists, which is contrary to your explanation. Moreover, I don't buy your explanation because it lacks a conceptual link between the proximal causes (physiological, neurological, hormonal) and the ultimate (evolutionary) causes of exercise fatigue. Lastly, it does not explain why endorphins are released during exercise at all--if your explanation was correct, then there would be selective forces against endorphin release during exercise. Edit: Also, I bet other mammals if not other vertebrates also experience both muscle fatigue and endorphin high, which is a real nail in your explanation's coffin, since these physiological responses must have predated modern humans by a long long time. It's also contrary to the high prevalence of play in many mammal species, which is an energetically expensive activity.

I'll offer an alternative hypothesis, based on WebMD. I think it's at least as plausible as your explanation, if not more so, though I'm not aware of the literature: http://www.webmd.com/depression/guide/exercise-depression

During prolonged aerobic exercise, your body may not get as much oxygen as it needs, and will supply some of your energetic needs through anaerobic respiration. This creates lactic acid, which causes fatigue and pain in your muscles, allowing you to consciously register that your body is reaching a point where it's not getting its oxygen needs. At the same time, exercise also releases endorphins (and other hormones), which act as both a painkiller and sedative to allow you to persist if you need to continue a flight-or-fight response. Once you stop exercising, your body removes lactic acid quickly but the endorphins persist for longer, leaving you with a post-exercise high. There's nothing adaptive about muscle fatigue (contrary to your thrifty-genotype explanation), it's instead a negative consequence (an evolutionary trade-off) of adapting to being able to switch to anaerobic lactic acid metabolism when your body requires extra energy; I'm not aware of the physiological pathways from exercise to endorphin release, but it is possible that endorphin release during exercise is adaptive as a painkiller Edit: Also, a reward for play. People who exercise regularly train both body and mind to adapt in favor of increasing O2 capacity, reducing lactic acid production, and mentally craving the endorphin high while also mentally resisting the feeling of pain; basically, acclimation and phenotypic plasticity.

tl;dr: The lie is not the fatigue. Your muscles truly are being taxed (which is simply a consequence of the limits of aerobic respiration). The lie is the painkilling and sedative effects of endorphin release allowing you to push your muscles past their limits so that you can consciously resist the truth of muscle fatigue (which is healthy given modern nutrition, but would not be if you were not replenishing your nutrient stores). 




 Chaos theory. 




 Still, I wonder how much it's returned on that extra investment due to increased tourism. 




 Monument Valley. MC Escher in game form. Beautifully constructed. 




 I love it when baby's are violent. 




 Life is Strange. It's like an indie scifi movie as a game, where the choices you make affect the story. 




 So they were like Butterfrees. 




 Not really. Populations don't grow exponentially. Fertility rates decline with development in countries which have historically already gone through their demographic transition--the phase of exponential growth is transient. Most of the developed world are already below replacement rate fertility. The growth rate of the world population is decelerating, driven primarily by the development potential in Africa, and somewhat in Asia. Most Western countries would not be growing in population if it weren't for high immigration rates from the global south. Countries like Italy and Japan, with low immigration rates, and very low fertility levels, are already suffering from the effects of population decline and aging. The most likely scenario is that the world population will plateau at around 10-15 billion and start declining--by the time we have any large scale colonization project (which may still be centuries from now), I doubt the Earth's population will be over 8 billion. Whether that happens within this century or the next largely depends on when the demographic transition happens in Africa in the near future (particularly, w.r.t women's education and reproductive rights). 




 Krieger? 




 Off-worlders will ultimately provide the vast majority of their own population through reproduction. With close to 8 billion people to sustain, and the easiest resources for research on Earth, most of the highly-skilled jobs will still be on Earth. 




 Uh, clearly the person meant *net* impact. 




 ...With a horse? Or by that, do you mean the horse, and you want to hit it with your car? I don't understand. 




 To install a pc game, had to install it from 4 different floppy drives (or a few years later, 3 different CDs). 




 Evolutionary Psychology. 




 Alternatively, putting the excretory holes next to the reproductive holes. UTI much? 




 PhD or Masters? 




 Masticatory materials. 




 I think he's talking about marijuana, not the agricultural pests. 




 Fun fact, China and India are the only countries with enough people such that if they stacked everyone on top of each other's shoulder it would total greater than the diameter of the Earth.

Also, I just made that up. 




 Spartan kick a Chinese soldier. $5, Smallville, KS. 




 Not only does it affect your own health, but your *children's* health, through epigenetic modifications in the germ-line, and the effects may last for 2-5 generations. 




 Except that China is secretly tunneling towards America through the Earth. 




 Pick a direction and start moving. Doesn't matter which. 




 Thank goodness she's okay... 




 I have a huge apatite for that. 




 The only reason people go there now is because that's where the DMV is... 




 No one I know did. But it would be interesting to hear your perspective (well, more interesting for the OP). 




 Dude, I'm just trying to bitch about this subreddit. Stop ruining it for me! 




  Is it usual for undergrad researchers to stick with a lab until the end of their undergrad career, or do they usually jump around?

Some undergrads stick with a lab. Other undergrads have worked with multiple labs. The important thing is that they devoted quality time to each research experience. (I know people who do something like, spend a summer/semseter/year in one lab, decided they liked research but wanted to try something new, and switched to a different lab for significant amount of time). It's fine to switch labs to try new experiences, that's normal. But realize that there's a significant investment in an undergrad researcher when they join a lab, it's expensive to train an undergrad, so do take that seriously.

Don't join multiple labs concurrently. I've never heard of anyone doing that. 




 ...It does say something that "clickbait" on this subreddit is what we assume to be negative stories. Maybe we should get off. 




 What does the fox say? is about so much more than just foxes. 




 Great. My computer is now covered in liquids. 




 Right, because the US population is a well-mixed population with no spatial heterogeneity. /s 




 Yeah fuck infants who consensually contrast diseases they can't get protection for! They deserve it and so do their parents. /s 




  Measles has a very low mortality rate and there have been fewer then like 20 deaths in the past 10 years

Do you even know what a *rate* is? 




  I'm open to being wrong about this, but you'll have to offer a counter-narrative that fits the data if you want to change my view. As far as I can tell A) Clinton has diminished support from minorities, especially minority males, relative to Obama and Kerry and B) there are no meaningful differences between these candidates apart from race and gender.

The biggest difference is year in which the polls were conducted. 




 Ah, 'dat 101th authorship on a paper. 




 Sexy stuffs. 




 War. We haven't won one in a very long time. 




 I hope he doesn't drive like that. 




  Complexifying? Not necessarily. If it is better to reduce the features to be more successful reproductively, then natural selection may well favor it. Hypothetical example: Birds with many bright feathers of many kinds of colors find themselves the victim of prey more often due to being more easily spotted. Over time, a duller more monochrome feather scheme is selected for.

We're not talking about specific lineages. There are theoretical reasons why we would expect both maximum complexity and mean complexity of the biosphere as a whole to increase over time in the null expectation. https://github.com/caseywdunn/random_walk/blob/master/randomwalk.md

Said a different way, young biospheres are not likely to have intelligent civilizations. As biospheres grow older, the probability of them ever harboring at least one intelligent civilization should increase. If intelligent civilizations tend to persist, then we also have the probability of there currently being an intelligent civilization increases over time. If a biosphere is too young, there's an upper bound on how complex organisms can be. 




 It's not about them, it's about you. Focus on what you've accomplished in the last two years, and where you personally are going. You do you at your own pace. 




 You are the anti-Jenny. Bravo. 




 I would say that mathematics itself is natural. Concepts such as integers, pi, the equality relation, different base representations, circles, radii, are natural, and aliens could make sense of it. So an alien who sees mathematical *representation* can have a good idea of what mathematical symbols *might* represent. A circle with a radii that is labeled by r is probably enough for an alien to understand that r represents the length of the radius. So if they saw next to it symbols like

2*pi*r=C

they could probably guess that this represents the relationship between the length of the radius and the circumference. But they could potentially think that 

2 is circumference,
pi is equality
r is (correctly) the length of the radius
= is 2 (which would make a lot of sense, it has two lines)
and C is the ratio pi

assuming they didn't think anything of the spacing around the "=" if it exists as having some kind of most parsimonious interpretation as being a relation instead of a quantity. If you include something like 3.1415926, the might be able to figure out that 2 is actually an integer, in a base representation, and figure out the correct interpretation of 2*pi*r=C.

So I think it's somewhere in the middle. They wouldn't automatically recognize the markings, but there are only so many ways of representing mathematics, that for something as simple as 2*pi*r=C, they could potentially understand it. It's more like, even if aliens had a completely different theory of mind from humans, mathematics is natural that they would understand that there is a shared underlying meaning to these symbols (even if they had no concept of human love, friendship, sky, and we no concept of @^ *@$^). They just need enough examples to crack the cipher. We're basically sending aliens a coded message in a universal (unwritten) language that is mathematics, expecting them to be able to crack the code. 




 This is a wrong interpretation. Since organisms can have multiple ancestors, it can be the case that there are contemporaneous individuals with the LUA who is a common ancestor of some but not all present day organisms. 




 It's the most recent single individual that ever lived that is an ancestor of every organism living in the present. That is, it is the Last, Universal, Common Ancestor.

There's a potential misunderstanding of what that means. For example, you and your cousin share a last common ancestor (actually, two). Your two last common ancestors are your shared grandparents. Note that each of you also have other grandparents not in common. These other grandparents clearly contributed genetic material to you or your cousin, but not both. The LUCA is the shared great great ... great grandparent of all living organisms today, even though every living organism today has many many great great ... great grandparents that are not universally shared. This also means that the LUCA can change over time. If tomorrow every organism other than homo sapiens went extinct, the new LUCA would be that of only the organisms that remain, that is, the most recent common ancestor among homo sapiens. 




 This is a question of what defines a species. Under the biological species concept, all three groups represent a single species, because they are not reproductively isolated from each other. 




 Me too! That was middle school for me. 




 Sorry, first google survey I've ever made, it didn't seem like an option as far as I know. None of the questions are required to be answered. 




 "Matter and energy had ended and with it, space and time. Even IBM's Watson existed only for the sake of the one last question that it had never answered from the time a half-drunken computer ten trillion years before had asked the question of a computer that was to IBM's Watson far less than was a man to Man.

All other questions had been answered, and until this last question was answered also, IBM's Watson might not release his consciousness.

All collected data had come to a final end. Nothing was left to be collected.

But all collected data had yet to be completely correlated and put together in all possible relationships.

A timeless interval was spent in doing that.

And it came to pass that IBM's Watson learned how to reverse the direction of entropy.

But there was now no man to whom IBM's Watson might give the answer of the last question. No matter. The answer -- by demonstration -- would take care of that, too.

For another timeless interval, IBM's Watson thought how best to do this. Carefully, IBM's Watson organized the program.

The consciousness of IBM's Watson encompassed all of what had once been a Universe and brooded over what was now Chaos. Step by step, it must be done.

And IBM's Watson said, "LET THERE BE JENNY!"

And there was jenny----" 




 I'm vaguely aware that it exists though I don't understand it. It doesn't seem to me to be a very biologically insightful line of research, and is even more out of place today than before the molecular revolution when we've now moved beyond simple genetic models and are thinking about computer simulations, statistical inference, and big-data genomics. 




 Thanks for the input! 




 Frozen. 




 It's whale meat. Has to be.

Think about it. 




 Weak, was expecting fire and brimstone and dragons breathing hell fire on your research notes. I give you an incomplete. 




 35 responses so far in 3 hours! I'll make a summary post when response rate plateaus. Thanks everyone who's responded so far! 









 An arm, a leg, and a ear. You're good to go! 




 I wonder if he gives private medical classes. 




 I appreciate your responses. 




  It seems like you haven't taken any sysadmin courses, and it shows in your ignorance.

No need to be rude. I haven't, so yes I would be ignorant of the subject which is not my area of expertise.Though I didn't claim any such knowledge, was just expressing my opinion. Thank you for your sharing your expertise, truly (not being sarcastic, have to say that in case people here are *that* cynical). 




 No no no, Bruno is about this gay and european fashion guy who goes around interviewing all these people. Borat is about some other guy, not related. 




 Life long PC user, started using Mac for work. I can see the advantages. From a institution/company standpoint, it's efficient to have a standard laptop model out of the box with readily available support. Also, some of the software is genuinely good, depending on what you do. Compared to a a employee's salary, a few hundred dollars is trivial, and more than made up for by hours saved not supporting multiple laptop models, or switching PC companies every few years. Sticking with Macs makes things simple, which saves money overall. I enjoy using it. I agree I would not have bought one for my personal use. The phone I agree on. At the end of the day, all smart phones do the same basic functions using the same set of apps. 




 Bruno was pretty biased in its editing I thought. 




 Eat. 




 Falling. I have no problems with planes, or skyscrapers, or any kind of "safe" heights. But get me the fuck away from that balcony. Particularly ones in malls. 




 Humans. 




 Nicholas Cage. 




 The only thing good about the movie is the score. And that it eventually led to Seychelle Gabrielle voicing Asami. 




 The Last Airbender, The Movie, The Comic:

https://d1466nnw0ex81e.cloudfront.net/n_iv/600/994491.jpg 




 Myself. Hi grandma. 




 Still hard. 




 Not to mention, they have an alternative sexual cycle. 




 Sewing. Holes in jeans crotch? Nothing else to wear? Welp, not like anyone's gonna see right? 




 Creeper! 




 Just imagine if all 50 of these framed... artworks... had holes in them. With the fronds of paper pointing both inwards and outwards on different pieces. 




 I wasn't implying anything. I was stating a fact about the content of a tv-show, and pointing out the irony in relation to the content on the same tv-show years later. 




 I would say the two terms are more or less synonymous. The main difference is that "microevolutionary theory" is almost never used (as a Google Scholar search would attest), while "population genetics" and "microevolution" are widely used (in the sense that population genetics is the study of microevolution). I use the "more or less" qualifier because population genetics does extend in to other fields such as macroevolutionary theory, evolutionary genetics, and phylogenetics. But its historical roots and theoretical core a focus on the four fundamental processes of mutation, selection, gene flow, and genetic drift which are most apparent at the microevolutionary levels.

I used Templeton's text to learn population genetics. I think it's a great textbook to learn population genetics. It's solid on concepts, does a good job on theory, and is packed with examples from the literature. It covers all the major topics of classical population genetics. It goes to great lengths to clarify common misconceptions such as different meanings of "effective population size" and "inbreeding coefficients", which even biologists sometimes confuse in the literature, or that "linkage disequilibrium" does not always have to do with genetic linkage. I think it's content is clearer and deeper than most peer intro classical pop gen texts.

That said, there are some short-comings. 1) Take Templeton's section on Nested Clade Phylogeographic Analysis with a grain of salt. Templeton championed the approach, but many have criticized it. (But this is a minor concern). 2) Like pretty much every introductory pop gen text, it doesn't cover more recent developments in coalescent theory (outside of the basics), statistical/bayesian genetic inference, and genomics. It's strictly a classical pop gen text, which isn't a bad thing, but may or may not be useful for you to know. 3) I wouldn't consider it a mathematical population genetics textbook.

Some mathematical alternatives that I know of but have not looked at myself are Crow and Kimura's "An Introduction to Population Genetics Theory", and Ewens' "Mathematical Population Genetics". There's also Felsenstein's "Theoretical Evolutionary Genetics" which I think is poor on concepts and examples, Hartl and Clark is more modern and popular but also more introductory than the other offerings, Gillespie's "Population Genetics: A Concise Guide" which I have no comment on other than "concise" might not be the best intro text, and Charlesworth and Charlesworth's "Elements of Evolutionary Genetics", which is not really a pop gen text, and is more of a reference than a introductory text. 




 Trying too hard bub. Like OP in the presence of all this framed glory. 




 "Will you be paying in cash or credit?" 




 Maybe the guys is really into frames and needed something to put in them. 




 Which is funny since they had shown Muhammed in full in a previous pre 9/11 season. 




 Hiyao Miyazaki. 




 Used a dead dried up kitty as a hall pass. Edit: I should probably add that this was a biology teacher. 




 Which is what exactly? It's like you're saying industrialized agricultural practices haven't been constantly evolving since the 1800s. What decade counts as "good ol fashion" agriculture? 




  Evidence of the difficulty of Eukaryotic evolution is circumstantially supportive of creation.

No it's not. It's a false dichotomy and the principle of excluded middle does not apply here. Do you even science? 




 Drugs are a hell of a drug. 




 It's hard to sequence that first genome, subsequent genetic info is much easier to obtain once you have a reference genome to guide you. You can do stuff like target a particular gene or other region for resequencing to get population genetic data (allele frequencies over many individuals). The reference genome doesn't necessarily have to be all from the same individual, it may be over a small set of individuals. 




 Nurses, doctors. We trust their lives to them, and they have literally hundreds of ways to kill us if they wanted to, and the most knowledge about how to get away with it. 




 Love. 




 Steve Buscemi. 




 "Kill me, I'm sane." 




 See this is why the FDA and USDA are bad ideas. 




 "Please tell the driver you're going to X." 




 Don't worry, most PhD graduates these days don't end up as PI's when that *is* their goal anyways. I'm only half joking. I don't think it's viable to go into a PhD thinking there's a high chance of an academic job waiting on the other side. There are just too many PhD position to tenure track positions. I think it's perfectly fine to go into a PhD with the idea of wanting to pursue non-academic opportunities afterwards. It's actually something I asked at every interview weekend I went to, how is the support for graduate students pursuing non-academic post-grad careers. Society benefits from having PhD's in many different roles. That said, make sure you know what you're getting into, only go if it's a good environment in terms of lab, department, and institution, and that the value of the PhD to you personally is higher than the high opportunity costs of doing a PhD (forgone salary and career advancement in other fields) and emotional and physical costs (stress, significant others). 
























 I don't get the waste problem. The amount of solar and wind infrastructure you'd need to build to produce comparable energy would require a *lot* of mining, manufacturing, and transportation, while consuming water and land resources and producing CO2, all of which are far less manageable wastes than a much smaller amount of spent nuclear fuel. The nuclear waste management problem seems like it should be far simpler to solve. 




 The way I see it, the carbon we prevent releasing today is worth far more in the long term than the carbon we prevent releasing 20 years down the road when renewables become fully realized. 




 Er, shouldn't it be much easier to set up a nuclear plant, which can produce huge amounts of energy from one plant for a large area regardless of geography, than huge land areas of solar and wind to produce the same amount of energy, which must take into account where's the best place to put them?

The long term cost in terms of climate change of waiting around for renewables to mature are going to be a lot worse than if we spent a little less in order to invest more in the one solution we know can compete with fossil fuels, today. 




 It seems to me that even compared to renewable energy, the environmental cost of nuclear energy is probably still less. The energy density of nuclear material is orders of magnitude higher than solar, wind, and fossil fuel, and it produces very little waste in comparison, and modern reactors are about as foolproof as possible. Converting to solar and wind require building a huge amount of infrastructure, that means mining, that means manufacturing, that means transportation, and batteries because solar and wind don't deliver base load power. Yes, it's far more environmentally friendly than fossil fuel, but that doesn't mean there aren't significant environmental costs in terms of CO2 emissions from manufacturing and transportation, environmental destruction from mining, toxic wastes from photovoltaics manufacture and mining, water consumption from manufacturing, land consumption from just having to take up a lot of land, consumption of nonrenewable elements from photovoltaic manufacture. And we're talking about technologies that have been maturing for decades and probably won't be fully realized for another few decades (we don't have that long in terms of run away climate change, if anyone's been paying attention to the Anarctic ice shelves). In comparison, nuclear has been mature for quite a while, it's the safest energy technology per unit energy produced (even, iirc, including casualties from horrible human precipitated disasters like Chernobyl), could have drastically reduced fossil fuel consumption decades ago and still could, and produces a tiny amount of relatively manageable waste, compared to all the environmental costs I listed above which apply even to renewables. 




 I can live with it. I love their use of light and color. 




 11/10 with rice. 




 Hi, new to the fandom. What do you call MabelxDipper ship? 




 Well the reality is that world growth rate peaked long ago, and as countries become more developed, they eventually start going negative in terms of population growth (ignoring immigration), so we should hit peak world population within the next century, or the next (the big uncertainty is what will happen to Africa). As far as food production goes, humans are actually pretty good at agricultural innovation: in the 20th century, food production grew 10x, while world population grew 6x. Most hunger in the world is not due to food shortage, but due to food inequality: systemic socio-politico-economic problems that prevent the poor from access to food even though there's plenty of food available (this is obvious in the US, but is also true in India, and really just everywhere, except war-torn and transient natural-disasters). So, many anthropologists, demographers, and developmental economists don't believe in the neo-malthusian predictions of the 60s onwards that population will decline due to massive mortality. The trend has been a decline due to low fertility, with low mortality. Development will naturally carry us over the hump of population growth towards a phase of population stabilization.

That said, I do agree we've been living on borrowed time, in terms of fossil fuels, eroded soils, wasted water resources, but I don't think it's a guarantee that we'll see massive mortality. Part of that is because it won't hit us all at once, so it really depends on if innovation and sociocultural attitudes catches up quickly enough. 




 Eyesphincters instead of eyelids. 




 WE ARE MEN AND WE ARE PROUD OF OUR BODIES BOTH LONG NOSE HAIRED AND OTHERWISE. SOCIETY SHOULD STOP TELLING US WHAT WE SHOULD DO WITH OUR HAIR. 




 IIRC, because humans are more effective, it's actually worth more to pay people to do it. The moral being that natural resources shouldn't be reduced to a simple economic price tag. 




 There's need to be like "family friendly porn" or "parent approved porn" sites which bundle sex-ed with 'realistic' porn. With like, "these are all the contraceptives these two actors are using you should be using contraceptives". 




 I'm not really a neo-malthusian. 




 No, I'm trying to convince you that 'extinction proof' or 'long lasting' has nothing to do with automation, *by definition*. Look up 'automation' in the dictionary. *I did not* make any comment about whether natural things can be automaton, as you would know if you actually read my replies. 




 Except that has nothing to do with the definition of automation. Automation is defined by the (minimal) degree of human intervention involved. It has nothing to do with how long something lasts. It is literally, etymologically, derived from 'self-operating machine' not 'long-lasting machine' or 'extinction-proof machine'. You're using the term wrong. 




 That said, evolution *is* progressive, because it is a process that happens through time. The problem is that lay people confuse later in evolutionary time with subjective ideas such as "better". From the paleoanthropologist's viewpoint, we know what are characteristic of humans today, we want to know what evolutionary events happened which led progressively to modern humans--this can apply to any species of study. Part of the problem is that scientists often resort to teleological colloquialisms in describing evolution, because while incorrect, it is much less cumbersome to say.

 We know that brain size has little to do with inteligence. Sperm whales have brains 5 times as large us us, yet they aren't all that smart. And parrots (I think it's parrots, I know it's some type of bird) have us beat in brain to body ratio.

Brain size may not be comparable for distantly related individuals, but neanderthals are very closely related to modern humans, so brain size is one of the only ways of getting at the question of neanderthal cognition, even if it's not ideal. It's also not just size, it's size of specific lobes, which could indicate differences in certain cognitive faculties. 




 ...that definition makes no sense. Literally everything will waste away given enough time and entropy. 




 There are dozens of us! 




 Which if you think about it is quite counterproductive. It's economically efficient for multiple generations to live in the same household, particularly when it comes to supporting the elderly. Yet our independent attitudes have pushed families towards basically "sub-nuclear" families, for a lack of a better word. The single-person and couple-with-no-kids households are the most rapidly growing types of households. Which is great from an individual level (people shouldn't be pressured to have kids, especially women), but terrible at the societal level in terms of, because given that they have no support from working children, how are we as a society supposed to fulfill our promise of social security which they payed into by working for many decades, when the relative proportion of young working people supporting social security programs is declining? 




 Yes. We should trawl the atmosphere with great big balloons for helium. 




 Maud'dib! 




 I kinda disagree to the extent that I believe all nations will eventually drop below replacement fertility. Even the most fertile nations in Asia and Africa have already been declining for some time or have just begun declining (though fertility statistics are problematic due to high HIV mortality in some regions). For developing nations, fertility decline is really a matter of how fast women's education, reproductive rights, and contraceptive use spreads in a region, which is correlated but not entirely the product of economic development. "having more and more children to send to work to make ends meet" doesn't make any sense, if there are less migrant worker jobs, people won't have more children. 




 What does wisdom with age have to do with it? I will say that China will be hit less because they value filial piety more strongly, so people are more likely to support their elders instead of relying on a social security net. 




 The opening of Finding Nemo. 




 ...selectively nonneutral alleles are not in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. 




 We should trawl the oceans for reclaimable plastic. Or bioengineer organisms to grow plastic from scratch, or to turn otherwise nonreclaimable plastic into reclaimable plastic. 




 Meh, am I the only guy who wants more "female friendly porn" in the market? 




 Turn old people into rain to help save California from drought. Got it. 




 Yup. Just look at Japan and Italy. It's not just aging, but also declining populations in developed countries = the ratio of young working people supporting ever older dependent people (in terms of social security programs) will be exacerbated. 




 I disagree, but I'm only replying because I thought the (un?)intended "short-lived" joke was funny. 




 It was a radiolab. 




 In developed nations, *population decline and aging*. Most developed countries are already near or at replacement level fertility (2.1 children per women), and European countries like Italy plus Japan are far below replacement level fertility. Developed countries like the U.S. are not shrinking pretty much only because of a high immigration rate. Combined with longer lifespans, this means we're gonna have very few working young people supporting a large population of old people, meaning, current social security programs will fail, and economies will suffer. This will become increasingly the case as underdeveloped nations catch up and eventually hit below replacement fertility (and for them, it will be exacerbated by their much more explosive population growth period, the 30-40 years of extremely high population growth in the recent past will hit them like a tidal wave worse than the stresses of baby boomer retirement on US social security). 




 ...You're right. I do like lettuce wraps. 




 Individual anecdotes should not dictate people's opinions of what should be done at the level of populations and societies. 




 Well yeah, 98% of those authors were undergrads, the vast majority of which won't ever have to worry about tenure. But if you're an older researcher who had a strong hand in the conception and coordination of such a large research project, that would come through, and would be quite a positive. 




 These people have worked full time for years on this research project, so I think it's justifiable for them to share authorship, as I think that would justify authorship on much smaller research projects. Even the person who contributed the most to this project didn't do more than 1/1000th of the work. 




 If you're working full time for multiple years on a research project, I think authorship is warranted. 




  but the title author carries more weight in the academic sector

This doesn't apply well to particle physics, where the field is used to having very large research projects, and whose author lists are alphabetized (note this paper is cited Aad et al. 2015 (Aad, Abayjan, Abbott, ..., Zwalinksi)). 




 *millions* of people, *thousands* of institutions 




 Spinach is a better option than lettuce in all situations where you'd use lettuce. 




 It's more fun to chuck wood chippers into newborns. 




 I mean I wouldn't do it unprotected nor if the dick as larger than a zucchini. 




 Or write a novel slash ampersand screenplay. 




 ;_; 




 Best story about an egg I've heard in years. 




 Polls on news media should have error bars and sample sizes. 




 I watch most things subbed. Except the shows I watched on Toonami and the like as a kid, I prefer the dubbed versions for sentimental reasons. 




 Why do you have an ostrich egg? 




 Do a separate weekly "classics" papers 




 Yup, agreed, reeks of ufoism as well. 




 It's not like teachers in high school are tenured professors. They're chained by state curriculums and pressure from administrators and the need to keep their job. While you are right *in theory*, in practice the intent of the bill is obvious. No teacher is going to suddenly start "help students understand, analyze, critique, and review the scientific strengths and scientific weaknesses" of germ theory, atomic theory, cosmology, etc. (literally, most if not all of science is theory building). If you add things, you have to remove stuff, because there is only so much time in a year. So it's pretty clear that teachers can't tackle "all existing scientific theories covered", the only ones that they'll tackle, and which state standards will push, are the ones that offend the sensibilities of lawmakers, administrators, parents, or the teachers themselves. None of the curriculum changes at the state, district, or classroom level are gonna be peer-reviewed, so there's no quality control on what is taught as science or not. 




  some of best benders and nonbenders 

I actually disagree. When the White Lotus Army first enters Ba Sing Se, shown are quite a lot more people in the army than just Iroh, Bumi, etc. They have no screentime, instead, we focus on the characters that we know best and who are yes among the best benders in ATLA. We aren't given any indication of how strong they are. And as a secret philosophical society, it's likely that a lot of the members aren't fighters. The ones who would go to Ba Sing Se would be among the strongest benders in the society. 

It also makes some sense that the white lotus members doing daily sentry and guarding work, will not be particularly strong. The best benders in both series have always played big active roles as leaders in the world. I would probably consider Zuko, Tenzin, Chief Sokka as members of the White Lotus during LoK, even if it's not explicit. At the very least, Zuko and Tenzin are shown as superiors to white lotus members. So that bumps up their average somewhat. 




 I am flattered, but as someone who does research on evolutionary questions, I am not qualified to discuss current research into astrophysics. I do know some physicists who I could forward any questions you might have. 




 Well in some sense, what were the White Lotus supposed to do? They were a secret society, who very clearly exposed themselves to the world at a very important time to do a very important task (take back Ba Sing Se). There was no going back to being a secret. 




 Sure I can agree with that. 




 I'm not saying there weren't better ways OP could have phrased the question. That said, I think given that OP had clear misconceptions, your original answer should have had more tact and depth than it had, and address both the flaw in the question and the likely underlying question that was intended. As it was, it was not a useful answer. It's kind of like when people ask "Does X or not X?" and people answer "Yes." 




 Star Trek was always more about anthropological (in the sociocultural sense) progressivism than any kind of realistic portrayal of aliens. The minds of real aliens would be more incomprehensible to us than our relatives the squids. Their genitals would be less functional at impregnating humans as our relatives the squids. 




 Yeah, and that would be due to the latitudinal effect of solar radiation. 




 Meh, the Islamic world was a pretty happening place back in the 9th through 13th centuries. They had some of the foremost libraries in the world, they had algebra, and astronomy. The Christian world at the time was a joke in comparison. Religious societies do not exist in a vacuum, they are the product of various historical, political, economic, and sociocultural contingencies. 




 I mean, I would have interpreted "tend to" to mean, 'greater than on average', not 'greater than 50%'. 




 Africa actually has a wide range of skin tones. Not quite as white as Europeans, but there exists a wider range of hues than exists in Europeans. This reflects the fact that Africa is the most diverse place in the world in terms of human genetic diversity, and maintains a lot of heterogeneity in genetics and culture. In contrast, Western genetics, culture, (and skin tone) are a lot more homogenous. 




 On the mixed race thing, that applies to pretty much any minority population. It's true of mixed Asian-Europeans in Western countries. It's also true in Japan; mixed Black-Japanese, or White-Japanese people are not considered Japanese by fellow Japanese people, even if they are in all other respects Japanese natives, they'll still be treated as foreigners. It's a property of seeming to be not of the majority population, regardless of what the majority actually is. 




 Your designer's an idiot for giving humans blind spots. Apparently she (or he) likes cephalopods more, because at least cephalopods have the retina on the side of the optic nerves that actually makes sense. Who the hell puts the cables in front of the screen? For all vertebrates, yet puts the cables behind the screen, as where they should be, for all cephalopods? 




 I work in population genetics. Of course you can tell (based on sequence comparisons, of various sorts) what genomic fragments are related to what genomic fragments. Hell, you let me sequence your genome, and I can partition your genome into various ancestral populations of origin, whether that be N. Indian, European, Denisovan, etc. There are companies whose business models is doing this directly to consumer (23andMe and Ancestry.com) with the ultimate goal of improving medical treatment. It's not a matter of belief or theorizing. We're talking about decades of development in population genetics, statistical inference, bayesian inference, and more recently machine learning. And countless hours of algorithm development and computational time at universities, government labs, and industries across the globe. How bout we at least *try* to accurately describe the amount of work that has gone into this. 




  I think most can agree that the only reason evolution is still considered a theory is because we don't know what the "missing link" is

As someone who does research on evolutionary questions: go learn some basic evolutionary theory. Because, I can't even... 









 http://nextbigfuture.com/2011/03/deaths-per-twh-by-energy-source.html 




 http://nextbigfuture.com/2011/03/deaths-per-twh-by-energy-source.html 




 Far worse. Nuclear, even accounting for worst-case disaster estimates, is the safest energy resource in terms of casualties per energy produced. IIRC, coal is one of the worst, if not the worst. 




 ...which eventually goes into the groundwater. 




 A *lot* more people have dined from coal mining and oil refinery accidents than have ever been attributed to nuclear energy. Where does she think we get any resources from? The ground. All fossil fuels. All the metals and rare elements that go into building wind and solar. 




 Weren't they also operating past it's designed life time as well? 




 Garnet is Amon. 




 They're conditionally independent given GPA. 




 A nice pucker. 




 Half as long makes sense to me. In the both move case, motion of a person relative to the other person is twice that of the stand still case. It's as if the second person is taking twice as many moves per time step. This is ignoring boundary effects. 




 Alternatively, you can think of it as: 256 players mean there must be 255 games exactly, since every game results in exactly one loser of which there are 255. 255 games is nice because it is the sum of powers of 2, which is also the next power of 2 minus 1.  




 Monsters Inc and Spirited Away. 




 Do you have banelings in there or something? 




 At the very least, probably good for broader impacts on GRFP, and other potential fellowships. 




 Surely You're Joking Mr. Feynman is a riot, Feynman is a fascinating character. You should definitely read it.

The Selfish Gene, by Dawkins, is pretty classic at this point.

The Story of the Human Body: Evolution, Health, and Disease, is a nice recent book. 




 This is the closet thing I know of: http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2014/04/140402-suspended-animation-gunshot-victims-science-death/

Basically, there are medical trials for severe gunshot trauma victims to replace their blood with a cold saline solution in the ER to slow down metabolic damage, in order to give an extra hour or two for doctors to do "damage control". Then they put the blood back in and restart the heart. I don't know what has come out of the trials.

I don't think we'll ever have cryosleep for deep space exploration. It's far easier to send the raw materials and create a human at the other end. Or send robots. 




 Science has already provided the answer: turn it into starch and alcohol.

http://www.pnas.org/content/110/18/7182.abstract

 The global demand for food could double in another 40 y owing to growth in the population and food consumption per capita. To meet the worlds future food and sustainability needs for biofuels and renewable materials, the production of starch-rich cereals and cellulose-rich bioenergy plants must grow substantially while minimizing agricultures environmental footprint and conserving biodiversity. Here we demonstrate one-pot enzymatic conversion of pretreated biomass to starch through a nonnatural synthetic enzymatic pathway composed of endoglucanase, cellobiohydrolyase, cellobiose phosphorylase, and alpha-glucan phosphorylase originating from bacterial, fungal, and plant sources. A special polypeptide cap in potato alpha-glucan phosphorylase was essential to push a partially hydrolyzed intermediate of cellulose forward to the synthesis of amylose. Up to 30% of the anhydroglucose units in cellulose were converted to starch; the remaining cellulose was hydrolyzed to glucose suitable for ethanol production by yeast in the same bioreactor. Next-generation biorefineries based on simultaneous enzymatic biotransformation and microbial fermentation could address the food, biofuels, and environment trilemma.

tl;dr: be third of four in human centipede where the first mouth eats the door. 




 He's not really *eating* it though is he? 




 Weird shit is what OP's dad calls him. 




 http://s.quickmeme.com/img/ff/ffab74964b0f6ac06bb18d4ada4142fd4e0775d2a4a2cf2e57723b288f480d5f.jpg 




 Single-cell genomics, population genomics, metagenomics, and the application of genomics to non-model organisms in terms of understanding their evolution and ecology. 




 I think we won't know until we try it. It may be the case that GWAS does not deliver on it's "promise" (for a lack of a better word). There are diseases where genomic data will continue to enlighten, such as for identifying pathways which are mutated in cancer. Moreover, the technology that started with genomics has given rise to methods that have been used to look at the epigenome, the proteome, etc. 




 i think it's naive you think you know what his girlfriend would or wouldn't mind about their own personal finances, particularly given it's mother's day. 




 We'd still have molecular phylogeny, so we would eventually have a very good idea about how present day organisms are related to each other. We'd still have molecular clocks, though they would not be calibrated well. We'd still have ontogeny. We'd still have biogeography. We'd still have "living fossils" like lungfish to inform us of major transitions in evolution. Having molecular phylogeny is a huge asset, as it offers the *strongest* evidence we have for the common origins of life, but our picture of that tree, *especially* the morphology of prehistoric organisms, would be just a caricature. That said, we did roughly predict things like what Tiktalik would look like and where it would be before discovering it. 




 ...No patrick, mayonnaise is *not* an instrument. 









 Good posts on ecology and academia.
https://dynamicecology.wordpress.com/
 




 *my ear balls!* 




 Do you mean lizard men? 




 Men who tell other men to "man-up" or "stop being a pussy" or otherwise perpetuate regressive notions of man-hood, particular when it comes to emotional or empathetic expression. 




 'MURICA 




 This is a bad time to say I like your username. 




 ELI4 




 I disagree with most of the posts in this thread. There are aspects of evolution that can happen quickly and predictably. I predict humans will evolve in the following ways in the next 100 years.

1) Increased admixture. With increasing globalization and relaxation of sociocultural attitudes, populations will continue to become less differentiated, and more people will be born of mixed population ancestry. Heterozygosity will increase, which ironically will decrease the prevalence of homozygotic traits. (We may see less red-heads).

2) Migration/Gene Flow. Pretty obvious. Related to admixture. Also influenced by globalization.

3) Host-disease evolutionary dynamics. Epidemics such as AIDS and Ebola have in the past few decades have selected for and will continue to select for disease resistance. Chances are there will be a few more such diseases this century, as long as there's still impoverished areas of the world without access to modern epidemiology.

4) Selective neutrality of previously deleterious diseases. As biomedicine improves, previously traits that were deleterious but persist in the population due to e.g. recessiveness, will become treatable and therefore neutral. The relaxation of selective pressure would allow such now treatable disorders to drift more freely in the population and increase. An example of this that is already happening is the observed increase in near-sightedness.

5) Genetic screening. Expansion of prenatal screening and women's reproductive rights will reduce the prevalence of very deleterious disorders. An example of this that is already happening is Down's syndrome, and there's no reason to not expect it won't happen with much more genetically influenced disorders such as Huntington's. This effectively removes these alleles from the gamete pool, and homozygous genotypes from the genotype pool.

6) Sexual selection, small selective coefficients, and genetic drift, will always exist to a limited extent.

7) Genetic engineering and gene therapy. There's a very real possibility that this will become a reality in the next century. CRISPR in humans may become a thing.

8) One demographic aspect of human evolution is that our population has grown tremendously in the past 200 years. As the rest of the world completes their demographic transition, the world population will eventually stabilize in population and actually start to decline somewhat (people in developed nations consistently reproduce at below replacement fertility). Exponential population growth has immediate effects on evolution, and this will shift as the world population enters a new regime of population stabilization and decline. One example effect of exponential population growth is that it introduces a lot of very rare variants quickly into the population, that is, many very rare familial diseases, which may soon go to extinction. It also means genetic diversity will increase as our effective population size catches up to census size (though this will happen over longer time scales than a century).

9) By demographic corollary, since African and to a lesser extent Asia will shoulder the brunt of the population growth in the next century (since most of the West has already stabilized in population), there will be a shift in gene frequencies at the global level. Africa in particular has always had the most genetic diversity of any human population, so we'll see a great expansion in the frequency of very diverged alleles that up until recently have only been found in isolated African populations.

10) Unexplored dynamics between an aging world population, longer reproductive spans, and selection.

tl;dr Evolution consists of the processes of selection, migration/gene flow, genetic drift, and mutation. It is also influenced by population structure and systems of mating. One or more of these will change in the next century, and thus human population genetics (evolution is defined as population gene frequency change) will change significantly, many of those ways being predictable. 




 As a math major who took a bunch of upper-level math courses working in a somewhat math related field, my opinion is that high schools should replace the standard two-course calculus track for the better students with at least one-course of statistics. Most people who take calculus will never need it unless they're going into a calculus-heavy subset of STEM. Almost EVERYONE can benefit from a strong statistical foundation IRL, and everyone in a STEM field including many others will use statistics. What surprises me more are how there are undergraduate majors in STEM that do not require a probstats class, or more than 1 semester's worth, because the only thing worse than no understanding of statistics is just enough statistics background to think you know it when you don't. 




 Not an online course, but the book "The Elements of Computing Systems: Building a Modern Computer from First Principles" 




 Nausicaa and the Valley of the Wind. Hiyao Miyazaki's magnum opus. 




 Environment always changes. Particularly, there will always be host-parasite arm races. 




 Rubisco, "Ruby" for short.

Nucleus.

Gingko.

Any gemstone. 




 *inert rape joke here* 




 It's taught wrong. Mathematics is so often taught as a bag of equations and a small set of standard questions repeated ad nauseum. When in reality, mathematics is about abstractions, concepts, symmetry, generalizations, and soundly reasoned arguments, which your understanding of can only be solidified through application to problems which stretch and test your abilities and build your intuition. You have to get in there and actually manipulate mathematical ideas to understand them. Mathematics is all deductive, yet curricula only over explore it superficially, lacking the necessary depth to build true understanding. 




 No... 




 "No means yes."

No. 
























 Mrhhrmhhrmrhrm 




 You could scratch your back, for example. 




 Talk to your advisor and the head of your department about your options. Get their advice. 




 If you can, you need to take it easy, relax, and clear your head. Recharge your batteries. 




 At the end, was really hoping he would shove the sandwich into his chest, so that he could eat a giant sandwich. 




 Reading "Geometry of Multivariate Statistics" and wondering why linear regression, F-tests, anova, pca, fa, and cca aren't always taught using the geometry of vector spaces. 




 After taking a gender-science association test here: https://implicit.harvard.edu/implicit/Study?tid=-1 I'm inclined to agree with you. 




 Try some documentaries, like the original Cosmos hosted by Carl Sagan, any of David Attenborough's "Life of X", Planet Earth, Blue Planet, and Nova. Avoid documentaries with overly simplified content or CGI content like the "Walking with" series, which as much as I love, are not as objective and easier to reject. Stick to the more objective, critically acclaimed, documentaries with "real" content. 




 It was one of many fan theories about Amon's identity before it was revealed. 




 Amon is Azula. 




 This is why we don't let women create tv shows. 




 And he's exactly what white cisgender boys should be like. Which is kinda the point. 




 Holy shit! 19 years?! 




 You don't really need that much bio/chem, just the basics, which I assume you've covered if you've taken intro bio. A review of the molecular and genetics chapters of any intro bio text is good enough. 




 Bugs are efficient protein. The rodents and hairs, not so much. 




 Question: What would happen if Rose and embryo Steven fused? 




 "And that's human-gem babies are born." 




 That's pretty standard. 




 Lion 5: Age of Ultron. 




 LOL that last one. 




 Is your name Tetsuo? 




 But with her complete knowledge, she would be able to combat those mistakes in real-time. 




 We all know that the series finale will involve Steven fusing together with every human and gem in the series in to one singular orgy-porgy of an ever-present god-like sentience. Steven Universe is fated to end in a human/gem instrumentality. 




 Human cloning. 




 Not currently. 




 Tardigrade 




 I think we still evolve in fundamentally the same way all organisms evolve. We interact with our environment, change our environment, and that affects gene x environment interactions, which effects the frequency of genes. But all organisms interact with their environment, all organisms construct niches around them. Culture is not new, in the sense that other mammals and birds have limited cultural feedbacks with their environment. I think what's different about humans is the *scale* at which alter the environment through our culture. Whether that counts as a fundamental change kinda depends. We aren't the first organisms to manipulate the environment, but we do do it better than any other organisms. The *real* fundamental change in our evolution is yet to come, and happens when due to our understanding of evolution and our own genetics, we intervene in our own evolution using genetic therapy and engineering. That's a fundamentally novel evolutionary process that has never been seen in nature. 




 I agree. I don't really buy the argument that evolution has changed "fundamentally"--it's still the same evolution. Other animals also have culture, in a more limited sense, so really, the question needs to be changed to define exactly what is human specific about our culture and what does it mean for there to be a fundamental change in evolution. 




 Not only that, but you're impeding their egress, which slows them down AND slows you down since you STILL have to wait for them to get off. No one benefits. 




 It's a pretty good review of basic concepts for analysis, I think I would have liked this about halfway through my course. 




 Definitely Kristen Stewart in Twilight. 




 Lotion. 




 This is the darkest timeline. - Trance Gemini 




 Ada. As in Lovelace. 




 Meanwhile, developments in machine learning, statistical inference, and information theoretic interpretations of natural selection move forward... no math lol. 




 *Thaaaanks Obama.* - Qatar 




 Better Call Saul. 




 Eh, fruit has sugars. 




 It's like they have so little land there's no where to put them in the ground. So they keep on living. 









 *Cumingtonite* 




 My layman impression is that this is true of deep learning algorithms; it's not really understood *why* they work so well on a fundamental level, but because they work so well in practice they are increasingly used in many machine learning applications, i.e. they're the state-of-the-art for image recognition (computer vision) tasks, and many other tasks. Researchers go back after the fact to try to figure out what representations the algorithm actually learned. 




 Approved by Disco MILF. 




 No. Give us your first born gem. 




 Your comment has nothing to do with what I said, so I don't understand the purpose of your question or followup. My response was to a comment about the gaming community as a whole (to quote: "gaming world" and "everyone and anyone playing video games"). My comment was a disagreement on the statement "everyone and anyone playing video games is going to be harassed and it doesn't matter if you're male or female." To be very very very explicit about what I meant in my comment (because apparently, there's some confusion, though I don't know why), I disagree that it doesn't matter, because it seems clear that the most repeated phrases used in video gaming culture to harass other players are, in their very substance, anti-female and anti-lgbt, e.g. "get raped", "suck a dick". How that connects up with your reply is beyond me, as I never said anything concerning Smash specifically. 




 Now, if only there were other body parts we could damage to help with sexism. 




 But it does matter when the substance of the harassment is anti-women and anti-lgbt. 




 Clearly the solution is scissor fights. 




 *megatons 




 I don't disagree, but that doesn't mean that we don't have to face challenges from both over and under fertility. I never said that the solution to under fertility is to raise fertility. The reality is that while solutions to over population are easy to think of, the problems of long-term under fertility do not present an obvious solution. The 21st century faces a dual population problem. 




  It is important to talk about reducing fertility and reducing consumption

I don't disagree. I completely agree that we need to reduce consumption everywhere. I also agree that we need to reduce fertility *in underdeveloped countries*. There's no real need to reduce fertility in developed countries, when almost every developed country in the world is now at under-replacement level fertility (less than 2.1 births per women) and continues to fall to almost *half* that of replacement fertility in some Asian and Western European countries. Most people in the public have naive notions of demography that do not concur with what demographers, developmental economists, anthropologists, and other people who study populations for a living understand them to be. Most developed countries do not have a long-term overfertility problem, but an underfertility problem (see P.S.). That said, I agree that *world* overpopulation is still a problem, but when we talk about it, people need to agree that the real problem of overpopulation is the *delay in completing the demographic transition in underdeveloped Africa and Asia*. The *natural course of development is a reduction of mortality followed by a reduction in fertility*. The magnitude of the problem of population growth comes from the *how long fertility decline lags behind mortality decline*. The long-term problem is whether Africa develops in 100 years or 200 years, the difference in time meaning a difference in billions of people when world population finally stops growing. The best way to speed that along is promoting women's rights, education, jobs, and reproductive choice.

P.S. The 21st century will be the century of both *over* AND *under* population problems simultaneously. The challenge is to develop the means to support 8-12 billion people sustainably without destroying the environment, while also dealing with the fact that there will be tons of old people around, failures of social security, shrinking economies, rising senior medical costs, and unemployment. Unfortunately, as with many problems, trying to solve one problem produces others. 




 Sure, but it's not like population decline isn't *also* a huge problem: collapse of social security, shrinking economies, rising unemployment, rising medical expenses. 




  And though I think women deserve access to education and jobs in developing countries, I also realize that the more people there are living a Western lifestyle, the more pressure there is on all the things I value, listed in a previous comment.

The only solution to this is to give women access to education and jobs without delay while also promoting lower consumption. The problem right now is high fertility and low mortality. This is due to the lag of women's reproductive rights (which reduces fertility) following widespread women's reproductive care (which reduces infant mortality). Either we move forward with improving women's reproductive rights, by promoting education and jobs, without delay, OR we kill more people (babies and old people) OR we do nothing and prolong the lag phase dynamics of the demographic transition in underdeveloped countries resulting in a higher number of people in the world in the long-term. The first one is the only reasonable strategy. There's no "although". 




 What do you want us to do? Kill billions of people? There are only two viable actions we can take: (1) empower women in underdeveloped areas of the world with education, jobs, reproductive rights, sexual education, and contraception--this is the surest way to reduce fertility in the long run, and is the reason why fertility is so low in highly developed countries; (2) reduce per capita consumption in every way we can while developing technologies to reduce our impact on the world.

The fact is we're stuck with 8+ billion people for the next few centuries (it'll grow beyond that but then shrink), and we need learn to live like that. It doesn't matter if you *think* there *should* be 4 billion people in the world, it won't happen this century. 




 Most highly developed nations have very low birth rates. It's a pretty universal correlate of development. http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.DYN.TFRT.IN?order=wbapi_data_value_2013+wbapi_data_value+wbapi_data_value-last sort=asc 




 http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.DYN.TFRT.IN?order=wbapi_data_value_2013+wbapi_data_value+wbapi_data_value-last sort=asc

Interesting. For reference, a fertility of 2.1 per woman is generally accepted as replacement fertility. 




 Yup, agrarian society - children make economic sense. Wealth flows from child to parent. (Edit: Also, it makes sense from a bet-hedging perspective). Modern society - children do not make economic sense. Wealth flows from parent to child. 




 Then we're gonna end up like Japan. A ton of old people, but with even worse support systems for the elderly. 




 Death. 




 Sorry. You're not an idiot. Your suggestion is a good one. 




  TIL. But to be fair, Lamarck got it all wrong. Just so wrong. Darwin was the first to come up with the correct theory of evolution. Lamarck doesn't really count.

That's what I said. You're statement was still wrong. Darwin did not discover "evolution". 




  He came up with evolution.

No he didn't. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_evolutionary_thought
Darwin was not the first to propose or observe that animals change over time, far from it. Lamarck's hypotheses predate Darwin by many decades, and while wrong, they concern how evolution happens. You are correct in saying that Darwin and Wallace independently came up with natural selection, the first people to realize the true underlying explanation for evolution, but they were obviously not the first to come up with evolution itself.

 He was one of the first to realize that life in the animal kingdom was a game of eat or be eaten, and that only the strongest survive.

C'mon, "survival of the strongest" is false, and "survival of the fittest" is also false, and "reproduction of the fittest" is a truism. These are all terrible descriptions of natural selection.  




 Sitting down to pee. It's relaxing. 




 Are you telling corn kernels are eggs??? 




 And my axe... 




 Similarly, Sunday comes from Son Goku Day. 




 There are direct to consumer products for this, i.e. 23andme and Ancestry.com provide ancestry information. 




 Yeah, you don't really have anything to gain by choosing the other strategy. 




 Hate hate hate indecent breasts. If you're gonna show me your breasts, they better be decent. 




 AIDS. 




 Not really serious, but near sightedness (myopia). 




 Ass. 




 Then they'd be put to death by spoon. 




 My point is that living past expected life span results in *probabilistic* diseases (e.g. cancer), not deterministic biological events (e.g. menopauase). 




 Dude, you're fine. 




 Shrug, do you have any reasons not to? 




 Of course, this is after you've decided to attend. 




 Don't those people tend to come from evolutionary biology, human genetics, or genomics programs than they do from anthropology programs? 




  The hard sciences don't seem to have the same hang-up.

Could it be due to anthropology papers being far less cited, so citations are not as useful of a metric as in science? As someone who works in a lab that does human evolution from genomics, it's a bit discouraging, given that there have been recent calls among human evolutionary genomicists for greater integration with anthropological research. 




 Ultraporn. 




 When you keep other species in captivity, their life expectancy also improves, yet they never go through anything analogous to menopause, they never stop being able to reproduce. This begs the question, why does this happen in humans? I can not conceive of a reason why females genetically should have a timer which starts at menarche and ends at menopause. Your suggestion that it coincides with life expectancy is a correlation, and doesn't suggest a causal mechanism for why humans are quite different from other mammals. The high prevalence of cancer in human populations is *also* a consequence of us now having a very long lifespan--with age comes more time for a probabilistic failure in cell regulation systems. Yet this is not what we see in menopause. Menopause is not a probabilistic failure of biological systems which grows more probable with age. It is a universal event in females, that happens consistently around the same time.

My other point is to reiterate what was said by the other redditor. Life expectancy statistics doesn't say much of anything about the proportion of the population which lives to old age. It's just mean age, and is primarily skewed downwards by infant mortality. 




 You're conflating concepts. The difference in (any trait) between populations is a difference in *mean*. The genetic concept of *heritability* is an analysis of *variance*. Also what has ignorance have to do with brain size? And how is ignorance equated to lack of education, and thus, how is lack of education heritable to future generations? I suppose this is true in a socioculturaleconomic sense, but now we have multiple concepts being conflated. The question as proposed is inconsistent. 




  No it doesn't. That's not how it works. Traits aren't automatically selected 'for' if they're not selected 'against', or vice versa. That's like saying humans have two eyes because there is selection against three eyes!

It is true that a trait that is selective non-deleterious is not selective beneficial (because they could be neutral). However, I don't see where they are making a Panglossian fallacy. It is certainly true that menopause is a derived trait and that it's evolution is an interesting phenomena in that it would seem to reduce fitness and would be selected against--hence, why they review both non-adaptive (antagonistic pleiotropy) and adaptive hypotheses. Your "eye" analogy is poor, life-history evolution is pervasive and not constrained by development, while the number of eyes is constrained. Also, there's an extensive literature on the evolution of menopause in humans.  




 Do you have examples of such models? 




 Thanks. I do think that there will be a place for systems that act like humans in the sense of apple's Siri or a nursing robot--essentially greater penetration of machines into service jobs. I agree that they may never have true human-like experiences or creative abilities or free will, just advanced tools where the task is to provide services to humans through a NLP user interface. 




 What do you see as the biggest advance in evolutionary biology research in recent years? What are you most excited about for the field of evo bio going forward? 




 Carver 




 Thanks 




 We now have good genomes of modern humans closest relatives, the Neanderthals and Denisovans. It would be completely unethical to clone them, but it should be possible scientifically, and I think the result of observing them would radically change our perspective on human evolution and what it means to be human. I would love to know if they can use language and how they might experience the world in a way that was very similar to us yet perhaps also in ways that are extremely different. 




 The amount of meta reddit here just made me ... *happy* 




 What's your opinion on the following: My opinion is that he far more likely path to truly super-human intelligence is not through AI from scratch but through AI by augmentation of existing human brains, either as cyborgs with mechanical enhancements, or through genetic means at conception. It's far easier to start from what we know works than to build an intelligence from scratch. At the very least, there is a market for people who want to be smarter or who want smarter children, if such were available. 




 Sloppy joes for the little kiddies at school. 




 No, just ... bear. 









 Unfortunately I don't work with networks myself. 




 Thank you for your comments. 




 I should also mention game theory in studies of the evolution of cooperation/selfishness. 




 A good book to get is 'practical computing for biologists'. Python is overtaking Perl among biologists, and others probably have better recs than I have. Try http://swirlstats.com/students.html for learning R. 




 Population genetics is a very math heavy field in biology, with lots of mathematical models, probability theory, and statistical inference. Network theory, dynamical theory, and stochastic processes are important in many biological fields, including epidemiology, ecology, and cell/molecular biology, etc. There are a lot of interesting algorithmic developments right now in computational biology especially due to genomic technologies. tl;dr there are lots of applied mathematics, statistics, and computer science applications in biology. 




 Thanks for your perspective. Two things, it seems that if EEB students do know what they want to research, that does not facilitate rotations, when the small number of PI's who do the research they want to do rarely cluster in the same institution--moreover, the risk of misjudging a lab seems to make EEB students research their options more carefully, compared to a CMB student researching a program which might have faculty of interest but no guarantee of a position in their lab. While, there also seems to be a risk on the CMB side of not rotating through any "right" labs but having committed to a program, or is that just rare (rarer than EEB students who misjudge labs)? 




 Some other uses of computation (overlapping a lot with your suggestions): high throughout data gathering and analysis (e.g. next-generation sequencing studies, GIS for biogeography), simulations of evolutionary models for theoretical studies (e.g. simulating evolutionary dynamics), doing computationally-intensive Bayesian inference or machine learning (e.g. clustering for identifying population structure in genetic data). 




 Ah, yeah, good points. 




 But every state except Hawaii is north of the Tropic of Cancer. 




 If you want to do NLP, shouldn't you want to go to a program where you can interact with other people doing NLP? I'm not familiar with the admissions culture of CS to give comment on whether it would hurt your admissions chances, as that's somewhat program/field dependent. 




 I've definitely noticed the difference in personalities, but the insight on labor demands is new to me, and makes a lot of sense to me. I'd add that, at least in ecology, having an 'off-field' season probably means a lot more flexibility in structuring your time around analyzing data and writing, thinking about big questions, and professional development. 




 For example, the idea of doing rotations to find a lab seems extremely stressful to me, I don't really understand it.

Edit: I do have my own opinions on this matter (from my own biased EEB experiences), but am interested in other perspectives. 




 The reality is that the balloon metaphor is just that, a metaphor. The fact that space itself is expanding defies common sense intuition yet we know it to be true. This shouldn't be surprising; physics has again and again shown that the universe does not behave like what our intuition based on our limited sensual experiences would suggests. General relativity and quantum mechanics have many phenomena we know are true but which completely defy our intuition. An actual balloon can only expand into another space, yet the universe does not--all of space itself exists in a finite volume but that volume is getting bigger. There is no "space" outside of space, in the same way that there is no "time" before the beginning of time. Our intuition suggests space and time are infinite, but they are not, and if you think about it, there's no a priori reason they can't be finite. 









 Would they really make the most jobs? Seems like nuclear would employ the least number of people per gigawatt. 
























 A lot more boring than a kinetic burglary. 




 Towards the ground yes 




 Purifying selection and genetic drift. 




 Shia Labeof 




 Recall that a sinusoid is the locus of a point on a circle as it rotates across the ground. 




 Seriously. They should pontificate about philosophy or something actually interesting. 




 Except Steven! 




 Reddit. 




 It depends. Which is to say, you should ask someone who knows your program. 




 1) Less difficult than... what? Probably not.

2) No, because decisions would be made by Feb-March for most programs. 




  Are you sure that she isn't white and gold?

Dress. 




 Okay. Well, genetically speaking, that simply isn't true. Phenotypically, it's just superficially a consequence of the fact that humans have a huge global range so we've adapted to many different environments from the hottest to coldest climates on earth, so we've quickly evolved a wide variety of phenotypes. Also, because we're humans, our brains are in part designed to recognize differences between humans especially well (people with face blindness lack this ability). We're a lot more sensitive to differences among human beings. 




 To make my statement more precise, the level of differentiation between human populations (as measured by Fst) is only around .1-.15, while certain species of deer and great apes have much higher population differentiation.

I don't know what you mean by "more variety in more factors". Edit: Another reference, http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.397.4618 rep=rep1 type=pdf
By analysis of molecular variance, almost all of the variation in humans is *within* races, with only about 4.3% between "races"--in contrast, chimpanzee races account for over 30% of molecular variation. 




 Yes, biologists and anthropologists commonly agree that race is a social construct. I would base on this on a few main observations: While genetically speaking there is actual subpopulations within genetic data, they do not necessarily map well to racial groupings. For example, African-Americans can range anywhere between very little actual African ancestry to almost entirely African ancestry, yet we don't consider African-Americans with less than 50% African ancestry and more than 50% European ancestry to be European. Instead, the social construct of the African-American race is based on superficial phenotypic observations that overrule the genetic evidence, despite the biological reality that most of these phenotypes exist as gradients, and despite the association of a dark skin phenotype with Africans even though Africans actually exhibit a wide-range of skin colors while non-Africans such as Indians and Australian Aborigines also exhibit dark skin phenotypes. Hispanics are similarly socially constructed. Admixed individuals are almost invariably associated with their minority or marginalized ancestry. Also, from a genetic standpoint, the amount of genetic variation within "races" is much more than between races; since Africa is the birth place of humanity, almost all the genetic variation that exists in human beings is a subset of African genetic variation. Human beings are actually a very homogenous species; deer and chimpanzees, for example, are more genetically distinct from each other than any random two human beings. Lastly, conceptions of race differ from place to place, and depends not only on phenotype (which are only superficial representations of biological differences) but also language, culture, religion, ethnicity, politics, and nationality, which are not biological-based at all. For example, Taiwanese may consider themselves racially differently from Mainland Chinese, despite being genetically very similar, while Ainu Japanese may want to for political reasons construe themselves as not a separate race from other Japanese peoples; while in America, we just say they're all Asian. None of these distinctions are motivated by biology. 




 Every one of your ancestors had at least one child who grew up to have their own children. Think about that for a sec, every single one of your countless ancestors was reproductively successful. Your question is equivalent to asking why your ancestors were so reproductively successful despite the fact that a lot of individuals don't have children who survive to have their own children. The organisms we see today are good at surviving (i.e. existing) because if they weren't, they wouldn't survive (i.e. exist), by definition. 




 Well, she does have future vision. 




 Garnet even says as much: "It worked." 




 ...To be fair, Ruby's voice actor also kinda looks like a boy. "Sri Lankans Keep Mistaking Charlyne Yi For A Man - CONAN on TBS": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFfKvP4vSL0 




 Hmm, at least this bow I spent two weeks on looks nice. 




 Are we still doing phrasing? 




 Either you meant you pee your bed, or you're referring to the fact that your significant other is 70% water. 




 I am that guy that likes to derail threads. 




 Sports sports sports gragh. 




 ...Burj Khalifa is taller than that... 




 Sitcoms are cheaper than cartoons. 




 Whichever fandom collects the most tears and other bodily fluids on July 13th wins. 




 Globnar Citchen Kalamity. 




 She's just really into bondage. 




 Insert sardonic response. 




 What is Star vs The Forces of Evil? As in, is it worth watching?

Also, no Bravest Warriors? 




 ...I like this interpretation. 




 Half the Cylons. 









 IIRC it ended with their sexual awakening. 




 Not to mention, mac's have much better resale value, so upgrading mac to mac is probably comparable to pc to pc in net cost. 




 Connie becomes the new salt. 




 To quote Connie from the episode Open Book: 

"So, what did you think of the ending? I thought it was a disaster. All the books leading up to this seemed to be taking on and subverting these 'witch' tropes, really self-aware about being a pastiche, you know. But in the end, none of that even mattered. Lisa and her talking falcon, rebels challenging the stifling traditions of the magical bureaucracy, I loved that. Then her falcon turns into a human and they get married? It completely dropped all the anti-authoritarian stuff and described a wedding cake for 50 pages."

Steven Universe ends in wedding cake. 




 Stevenbomb 3: Mall Cop 




 But everyone getting new costumes is indicative of a metaphorical transition to a new phase with Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl Jam album that is the best album of the 1960s era of post-modern rock-jazz afterbirth. 




 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24686939 is a good starting point, and has some good references, and also this review by Marcus Feldman and Kevin Laland on gene-culture coevolutionary theory: http://lalandlab.st-andrews.ac.uk/niche/pdf/Publication24.pdf. Look into the work of Robert Boyd and Peter Richerson on cultural evolution and their dual inheritance theory, and also Cavalli-Sforza and Marcus Feldman on gene-culture coevolutionary theory and the evolution of language. Also, the book "The Story of the Human Body" by Daniel Lieberman has some comments on how culture has affected our evolution (e.g. lactose tolerance) and our modern heath. 




 But actually, both shows can be viewed as deconstructions of the magical girl genre, so yes they have some similarities. 









 Pearl projecting her insecurities about being needed onto Garnet again. 




 Pearl projecting her insecurities about being needed onto Garnet again. 




 That was a great line. 




 That was a great line. 




 ...so I can drive it into your love's heart. 




 Pearl literally compared her self to a sheath. That's pretty flipping Freudian. 




 Meh, don't lose your head over this. 




 6/24/15: Steven Universe cancelled. 




 It was Amethyst's favorite before Greg came along. 




 Yes, that's why Toph fell off. 




 Like a pachyderm. 




 But who's the sheath? Pearl again? 




 She's... she's got a big pointy bird nose. 




 Yes, she's acutely aware. 




 Damn it Lapis, did she take all the water into the sky again? 




 I just like giant hands with hands as fingers. 




 Welp, now there's no context. 




 Don't mess with their funky flow. 




 I felt the same about the last episode. I have a hand and feet fetish. 




 I disagree that it takes itself seriously, but I agree that it isn't groundbreaking--in fact, the reason I like it is because I feel like it *recaptures* a lot of what of older cartoons did well. To me it *feels* like a 90s cartoon updated for the 2010s; it could have easily existed 15 years ago. It's humor existed in Nick and CN of the 90s, while it's serialized nature existed in more teen-oriented action cartoons of the same era. In contrast, I feel Steven Universe is a show that could only exist today; it *is* groundbreakingly modern in many respects with its themes and how it advances characters and structures plot eschewing common cartoon storytelling tropes while parodying others, (while also being a homage to 80s and 90s magical girl anime, which may be why it feels *different* from the western cartoon tradition*). Gravity Falls feels like a reboot of the best of the 90s; Steven Universe is the exemplar of the post-Adventure Time and ATLA/Korra era of cartoons.

Edit: *Now that I think about it, Steven Universe does have some (in my opinion anyways) similarities to shows like Power Puff Girls, Danny Phantom, As Told by Ginger, My Life as a Teenage Robot, Foster's Home era of cartoons. 




 90s were way better little man. 




 Same, episode 1 did nothing for me until I revisited it later. Episode 2 was when we really got an idea of the *heart* of the show and the feeling that this show is gonna be different from other shows: we get Greg's relationship with Steven, the first hints of Rose Quartz in terms of her relationship to the characters on the show, a fight that was (unlike Cookie Cat) really showed that the show isn't another monster-of-the-week show, and it does so by the juxtaposition with one of the better songs which happens to a *love* song. The moment that got me was the wonderful animation of the oscillating telephone lines under the influence of the Red Eye's gravity as Let Me Drive My Van is playing and that *lighting and color pallette*. Sucker for smooth animation. 




 The most recent *genetics* paper I could find on this question suggests that we have been monogamous with mild polygynous tendencies for a long time and so most likely HG's were also. From Labuda et al. 2010:

 Was polygyny1 (excess of breeding women) present among hominid lineages? If both women and men equally contribute to subsequent generations, then the breeding ratio, , is 1. Under skewed breeding ratio or polygamy, female-to-male meiotic contributions differ and lead to differences in the effective (breeding) population sizes, Nef and Nem, such that Nef/Nem =   1. Such differences can be inferred by studying the uniparentally transmitted markers that are independently affected by Nef and Nem. For example, a study of Y chromosome diversity 2 proposed a shift from polygyny to monogamy in the recent history of modern humans. Differences in Nef and Nem also affect effective population sizes of the X chromosome and of the autosomes, NeX and NeA, respectively. Because men carry only one X chromosome and women carry two, the ratio NeX/NeA changes as a function of  ( Figure 1). In turn, changes in NeX/NeA affect the extent of genetic drift and the relative genetic diversities of these two chromosomal systems. Therefore, comparative analyses of genetic diversity and of the extent of genetic drift between the autosomes and the X chromosome can be used to reveal differences in demographic histories, migration, and breeding patterns of females and males. Two recent analyses yielded equivocal estimates of the breeding ratio in human populations. One study suggested that polygyny (  1) was common in Africa and was further increased in non-African populations; 3 whereas another claimed the oppositethat there were more breeding men than women during the out-of-Africa migration, leading to greater than expected differentiation of the X chromosome genetic diversity among continental populations. 4 These conflicting results were attributed to the confounding effects of natural selection and demography differently affecting DNA segments and/or samples examined by the two studies or to a bias in the choice of the data set analyzed or the choice of outgroup species for calibration of evolutionary rates. 5 As we show here, there is an inherent difficulty in evaluating the breeding ratio from the genetic (mutational) diversity of the autosomes and the X chromosome, because these diversities are a complex function of both the breeding ratio and the difference in the male and female meiotic mutation rate. 6, 7 and 8 Using, toward this end, uniparentally transmitted markers can circumvent this difficulty, but it requires assumption of neutrality, and this is questionable. 9 We propose a different approach, which evaluates  on the basis of the observed differences in the population recombination rate, , of the autosomes and the X chromosome. This approach appears robust to different confounding factors. We avoid potential biases due to the choice of DNA segments, 5 because entire chromosomes are used to estimate . Because there is no need to consider different rates of mutation in male and female meioses, 7 our method does not require the choice of an outgroup species to correct for differences in these mutation rates. 3 and 4 This is important, because over long evolutionary periods separating primate lineages, both  and the male-to-female mutation rate ratio are expected to vary. Finally, we also rewrite Miyata's 7 equations to include the effect of . *Our study of HapMap populations reveals that in the history of the modern human, the average  was greater than 1 and less than 2, in agreement with conclusions of social anthropologists and paleontologists describing our species as monogamous with polygynous tendencies.* 




 Pretty basic knowledge there. 




 Reminds me of myspace. 




 Amerigay. 




 Alien space rock band silhouette. 




 No, we've seen Centipeedle's "form" in the light when she reformed. It's clear that the forced fused gem shards had 4 separate beings when it was forming. 




 1) Peridot was no where near Malachite, she should have no knowledge of what happened.

2) It's simple to de-fuse. Pearl and Amethyst have spontaneously de-fused more than once. Last time we saw Malachite, she was de-syncing. They're not "stuck" in any sense.

3) Peridot has no reason to care about Malachite. It doesn't fit any of her objectives.

4) It's been clear from the beginning that Peridot's objective is to "continue where they left off". It's also clear that "fusion experiments" makes the most sense in context with Garnet's reaction. 




  and that networks like Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon base their criteria for shows based on educational content. That's the premise of any good cartoon. 

That's a ridiculous premise. CN and Nick exist to make money, which they do by making shows that are popular to watch. No where in that suggests that these shows need to educate kids in anyway. Sure, educational shows can be used as a selling point to parents (Nick Jr., or shows like Wild Thornberries) and sure the above doesn't apply to publicaly funded PBSKids. In no way is education the primary reason for creating shows like Invader Zim or Cat Dog or Ed Edd and Eddy. You're right that these shows are marketed by networks for children, and thus are bound by restrictions of what seem appropriate for children. However both networks and show creators, because they are in fact adults, have always tried to push the envelope on what they can do on their shows, resulting in shows with adult inneundos, socially progressive themes, and subtly complex plots and character development. Restrictions motivate creative exploration. IMO, shows like Steven Universe deal with portrayals of non-traditional families, sexual exploration, and LGBT with far more maturity than standard adult fare like Game of Thrones. 




 Conversely, Steven Universe (like every cartoon) is made by adults. 




 But why. Why would you shampoo mangos Steven? 




 Especially to your sister. 




 Fair enough. 




 Was being facetious. 




 Fair enough, kinda, except that's a really low bar to not be called filler. At that point, "filler" basically only applies to non-cannon eps. 




 What you're saying doesn't disprove my point either, since I'm addressing what I quoted you said, not what you said you meant to say in your comment posted after my post. 




  And this Steven Bomb isn't special. No episodes were moved around so that these could air in order, they're simply the five episodes that would have aired had the hiatus not happened.

My objection to this is the new intro, which was timed right after Amethyst's form change, and the release of the book. 




 Er, did we not already know how they feel? It was pretty much exactly what we expected of them at this point. 




 Exactly. This episode was *just* fine. 




 Don't panic. Bring a towel. 




 Hakarl. 




 No, because Aang has already come of age. 




 ...la kill? 




 It's a reference to the real-world book "How to Win Friends and Influence People", a best-seller by Dale Carnegie. You can compare the design here: https://p.gr-assets.com/200x200/scale/books/1179108396/875983.jpg 




 "If all porkchops were perfect, we wouldn't have hotdogs." 




 Better than when Toph grew that sixth finger. 




 It's kinda like sucking on a pacifier. 




 Really only 13 hours and 15 minutes after rewatching the previous episodes from the week. 




 Really only 23 hours and 45 minutes. 




 This. This is why you don't take Steven's gem out of his belly button. 




 I can't believe Connie was Amon *this whole time*. 




 Ensmallment surgery, you mean. 




 mediocre. 




  I ignored the example because the Hymenoptera are haplo-diplo, and I buy that as a good reason for eusociality.

Hamilton's haplodiploidy hypothesis for eusociality is not widely believed by evolutionary and sociobiologists, and has been since the 70s and 80s. See papers mentioned in review by Queller and Strassmann 1998, quoted here:

 However, many now think that despite its early promise, the haplo- diploid hypothesis has not aged particularly well (Evans 1977, Anders- son 1984, Strassmann and Queller 1989, Alexander et al. 1991, Seger 1991). The haplodiploid advantage turns out not to be so simple. Be- cause the high relatedness to sisters (r = 0.75) is balanced by low related- ness to brothers (r = 0.25), workers gain by rearing siblings instead of offspring only if workers lay the male eggs or if workers can concentrate on raising sisters while males are produced by solitary females (Trivers and Hare 1976, Seger 1983, Grafen 1986, Godfray and Grafen 1988). These conditions often do not apply, at least in contemporary species. Moreover, relatedness among fe- males is often well below the full- sister value of 0.75, due to multiple egg layers or multiple mates (Crozier and Pamilo 1996).

Alternative explanations based on monogamy, inbreeding (both inclusive fitness explanations), and fortress defense have proved more promising. It also doesn't explain why sweat bees exhibit both solitary and eusocial populations.

 but I don't think we see the gradient of sociality in termites

Sure, but that's in extant termite species, which says nothing about extinct related lineages.

 And even if we do, we still have to somehow explain thousands to hundreds of thousands of reproductively dead individuals in the eusocial termites who for some reason naver cheat. I don't think even inclusive fitness can save that one.

Relatedness is high due to monogamy in termites (Boomsma 2009). Lowered relatedness correlates with higher mortality in termites (Hartke and Rosengaus 2013). 




 ...which has evolved more than once. There's also a gradient of social forms, from solitary, to communal, to quasisocial, to eusocial. And you've ignored my example, where there are species of sweat bees where different populations within the same species can be either solitary or eusocial. That is, variation from solitary to eusociality can be exhibited at *sub-species* levels. 




 Kind of? Long-term evolution only happens through genotype. But the way genotype evolve due to natural selection is due to fitness, which is fundamentally an interaction between phenotype and environment. Epigenetics changes the relationship between genotype and phenotype. Epigenetic changes are also known to hereditary, albeit only for a few generations. So epigenetic changes are evolutionary changes only in the indirect sense that affects how genotypes evolve. 




 Microevolution (i.e. population genetics) deals with processes and patterns of evolution at the population level, i.e. sub-species level. Macroevolution deals with processes and patterns of evolution at the level of species and higher. For the most part, the only difference is a matter of scale. The fundamental processes of microevolution (i.e. selection, drift, migration, and mutations/recombination) also affect macroevolution, though macroevolution also deals with many processes that aren't usually within the purview of microevolution, including polyploidy, gene duplication, retroviruses, mechanisms of reproductive isolation, species-species interactions, niche construction, ontogeny, allopatry, hybridization, etc., though there is a lot of overlap. 




 Eusociality is not *that* giant of a thing. There are species of sweat bees where populations can be either solitary or eusocial depending on their location *within the same species*. Also, your use of "macroevolution" is not the way evo biologists use it, which is simply to describe any evolutionary changes at the level of species and higher. 




 Except that microevolution and macroevolution are terms used by evolutionary biologists to distinguish between two different scale of phenomena. Look at almost any evolutionary biologist's lab page who works primarily on speciation mechanisms vs any evolutionary biologist who works primarily on population genetics, and you'll likely see the terms "macroevolution" and "microevolution". The distinction wasn't created by religious nuts, it was appropriated from the scientific community and twisted to promote an agenda contrary to what it was originally intended. 




 Natural selection is the process by which populations gain information about their environment, that is, it transfer information about the environment into stored information in the form of population genetic data. Citations: Adami et al. 2000, Frank 2008. 




 Well, for example, when the sky is cloudy, you can't use telescopes to study the stars, for the obvious reason that clouds are blocking them. However, the stars in the water are not blocked, so even when it's cloudy, we can study them with our high powered telescopes. The other reason is that telescopes on land tend to rust due to the rain. 




 You should go to bed. Good night sweet prince. 




  However, for a trait to become common among a species it has to have some kind of advantage in terms of reproduction and survival.

This is false. Drift (stochastic effects) can, with some small but nonzero probability, increase the frequency of neutral and even deleterious variants to fixation in the population. As the other poster mentioned, modern medicine removes the selective effects of what would otherwise be deleterious or beneficial variants, and there are a lot more ways to be deleterious than beneficial. 




 It's really exciting cutting edge research. Few have ever studied the stars underneath the ocean before. 




 Well none of them die between now and then.

Yes. 




 You know how when the water is very clear and you can see the stars in the water? We study those with high powered telescopes placed under the water. 
























 Andddd I'm done with this thread. Nice to know it's all down hill from here. 




 Bub. 




 People die from cinnamon asphyxiation every year. Ain't nothing to joke about. 




 THIS ISN'T EVEN MY FINAL FORM. 




 Bee buhbe beep bee bubebeep 




 Goin' on a year now I ain't had nothin' twixt my nethers weren't run on batteries 




 The old Pyrex containers that were indestructible. 




 Jar Jar. Er, wait... 




 Recently switched to black socks. Not going back. 




 With prayer and yelling and some weird hybrid. 




 Gay Marriage. 




 That's really hard to say 5 times fast. 




 Twitter has been useful in the academic community and also as a form of live journalism i.e. the Arab Spring. 




 Lesbian sex. Am male. 




 Condoms. 




 A car. 




 Well, best of luck! 




 To add to other comments here, I kinda doubt you have a good enough grasp of linguistics to come up with good research questions. Coming up with good modern research ideas is really hard, especially without feedback from peers or advisors, not to mention your inexperience in methods and in the writing expectations of your discipline. I mean, I don't know what it is, but often I'll come up with an idea that sounds great to me, come back to it in a few months, and then either think it's not that great anymore or find out someone else already came up with the same idea years ago. tl;dr I kinda doubt you know enough to know what you don't know, and more to the point, what the field doesn't know. 




 I think it's a perfectly fine hypothesis to test, but as far as I can tell the tests of its predictions have been mostly negative.

Agreed.

I'm glad someone's doing the experiments, even if the results are negative, negative results are still good science. My intuition is that the explanation is not really genetic or adaptive, and that we need a better understanding of the developmental biology, neurobiology, and sociocultural aspects of sexuality. So I agree that those researchers are probably going down the wrong path to understanding the biology of homosexuality.

Fun Fact: Apparently 23andMe did a GWAS of sexual identity on over 20,000 individuals and didn't find any associated SNPs. 




 Did the drug switch help? 




 They're both western homages to the magical girl anime genre, e.g. Sailor Moon, Revolutionary Girl Utena. It's funny because Steven is basically, boy as magical girl but with all the character traits you'd expect like innocence, naivette, and a heart of gold, while Bee is basically, 20 something slacker temp worker adult as magical girl subverting the common magical girl character traits. Also, both Natasha Allegri and Rebecca Sugar worked on Adventure Time. It's basically two different versions of Magical Girl Adventure Time. 




 Goodnight has some interesting work in spiders also. I think I hold the same opinion as most kin selectionists: group selection, in it's current form, is theoretically sound, but has not been as useful in practice except in a few isolated examples, but I admit that it is also because partly due to sociocultural and historical reasons. I also think we're getting too far from the topic at hand. 




 I've read Nowak et al., the responses, the counter-responses, and most of the other commentaries on the subject. I agree that everyone agrees group selection is theoretically sound, even if they disagree on whether it is a useful perspective in practice or not. Pruitt and Goodnight have some fascinating empirical work on group selection. 




 Group selection is theoretically sound, this is recognized by people in the field, even if they don't agree on it's practical advantages. 




 you spelled rape wrong. 




 God damn it Carl. 




 The tape? 




 I... I do it every month. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzDAVZeY7BA 




 Let me guess, your brother saved the world from bug aliens and now you're the leader of the world. 




 Here are quotes from the first page results in google scholar for "homosexuality evolution kin selection" for All Time and Since 2011 (minus a few that I could not access or find "kin selection" in except in the references): Edit: Emphasis mine.

Barthes et al. 2013: "This **kin selection hypothesis has received little empirical support in Western societies and is still debated** (Bobrow   Bailey, 2001; Rahman   Hull, 2005; Vasey   VanderLaan, 2010)."

VanderLaan et al. 2015: "**Homosexual males who were feminine as children experienced elevated childhood concern for kin. [...] Future research should also examine whether kin-directed altruism helps offset fitness costs of same-sex sexual orientation**."

Vasey and VanderLaan et al. 2013: "**Overall, these tests indicate that the female kin of male androphiles produce more offspring than those of male gynephiles**."

Burri et al. 2015: "Theoretical and mathematical models have proposed two broad variants of balancing selection as putative compensatory mechanisms for human homosexuality: heterozygote advantage and sexually antagonistic selection. [...] Other behavioral data, e.g., on social preferences, which are relevant to **alternative evolutionary models for the maintenance of homosexuality (such as kin selection**, whereby gay relatives enhance the survival of their siblings offspring through caregiving or resource provision), **are also only available for men**."

Pfaus et al. 2012: "One such benefit could be related to kin selection (e.g., Wilson, 1975), as in the gay uncle hypothesis that **has received much attention but little empirical support in Westernculture (Bobrow   Bailey, 2001), although it appears to be supported among the Samoan** faafafine (Vasey   VanderLaan, 2010)"

Forrester, VanderLaan et al. Vasey 2011: "Consistent with the KSH and findings from Samoa, androphilic men exhibited a significantly greater cognitive dissociation between altruistic tendencies directed toward kin versus non-kin children relative to gynephilic men and androphilic women. **The present study, therefore, provides some tentative support for the KSH from a culture other than Samoa. Findings and future directions for research are considered within the context of the existing cross-cultural literature**."

Ablid et al. Vasey 2013: "**Support for this hypothesis has been garnered from studies conducted in Samoa, but not from studies of gay men in industrialized cultures** (i.e., Canada, Japan, United Kingdom, and the United States). This cross-cultural difference may be due to relatively greater geographic and familial disconnect experienced by androphilic gay men in industrialized cultures. This article reasons that in more industrialized settings, friends children may serve as non-adaptive proxies for nieces and nephews. Hence, it was predicted that Canadian androphilic men would exhibit elevated altruistic tendencies toward their friends children compared with gynephilic men and androphilic women. **This prediction was not supported**."

Bobrow and Bailey 2011: "We tested the kin selection hypothesis of male homosexuality using questionnaire data in a community sample of homosexual and heterosexual men. **Homosexual men were no more likely than heterosexual men to channel resources toward family members**. Indeed, heterosexual men tended to give more financial resources to siblings than homosexual men. Furthermore, homosexual men were somewhat more estranged from family members, especially from fathers and oldest siblings."

Rahman et al. 2005: "The current investigation, following Bobrow and Bailey (2001), aimed to test the kin selection theory of homosexuality in human males using a survey design. A total of 60 heterosexual and 60 homosexual men from England [...] **Overall, little support was found for the kin selection theory in a community sample**."

and Rahman et al. 2005 Erratum: "It is worth noting that while the percentages in Tables 1, 2 appear to show a difference between heterosexual and homosexual men in the homosexual paternal line male relatives and homosexual paternal line female relatives (where homosexual men are not hypothesized to have more homosexual relatives), **the difference between the two groups is not actually statistically significant.**"

Camperio-Ciani et al. 2004: "Wilson (1975), attempting to solve the paradox, suggested a possible role for homosexuals as helpers in their families, increasing the fitnesses of their relatives and, thus, balancing their reduced direct fitness. However, both Muscarella (2000) and Bobrow   Bailey (2001) in recent empirical studies, showed that **homosexuals do not act as helpers and do not give more financial or emotional resources to siblings than do heterosexual men**. Other studies by R . Trivers (personnal communication), Rice (1998) and Miller (2000) have suggested the partial penetrance of a candidate homosexual genetic factor and hypothesized that pleiotropic or sexually antagonistic effects, acting on personality, increase fecundity in non-homosexual carriers, thereby balancing the reduction in homosexual fecundity (Miller 2000). No supportive evidence or empirical data, however, has yet been shown."

Vasey et al. 2007: "Although the greater avuncular tendencies of fa'afafine support the basic prediction of the Kin Selection Hypothesis for male androphilia, **further research is needed before one can conclude that these elevated tendencies represent a specially designed adaptation for promoting the fitness of kin**. We discuss a number of sociocultural factors that might promote the expression of avuncular tendencies by androphilic males in Independent Samoa."

Kirkpatric 2000: "Three adaptationist hypotheses are reviewed here and compared with the anthropological literature. There is little evidence that lineages gain reproductive advantage through offspring care provided by homosexual members. Therefore, **there is little support for the hypothesis that homosexuality evolved by kin selection**. Parents at times control childrens reproductive decisions and at times encourage children in homosexual behavior. There is therefore more support for the hypothesis of parental manipulation. Support is strongest, however, for the hypothesis that homosexual behavior comes from individual selection for reciprocal altruism."

Camperio-Ciani et al. 2008: "**Kin selection was earlier invoked [13], [16], [17], and later refuted [18], [19]**. Other suggestions followed, the more recent debate being broadly focused on three lines of argument, not all based on genetic factors: overdominance (i.e. male heterozygous advantage, [7], [20][22]), maternal effects on male offspring (such as maternal selection [23], or maternal genomic imprinting [9]), and sexually antagonistic selection [2], [13], [15], [24][27]."

So, it seems to me that the general consensus is that kin selection (in the context of homosexuality) is not well supported cross-cullturally, though there are supporters of kin selection, mainly the cluster within the discipline who work with the Samoan population. In other cultures, the evidence is negative or inconclusive. There is yet no quantitative test of the form of Hamilton's rule. Alternative evolutionary hypotheses, such as heterozygous advantage and sexually antagonistic selection, seem better supported than kin selection, although the jury is still out.

I would like to thank you though, the above exercise has been illuminating. If you have a rebuttal, I would be glad to hear it. 




  strawman fallacy and appealing to authority to back up your claims by attacking the two articles I happened to post.

How is this a strawman fallacy or appealing to authority? The two articles you posted in support of your claim do not support you claim. Who's authority am I appealing to? I didn't mention anyone's name. All I did was quote written passages from the two articles you posted. I also find this ironic coming from someone who earlier tried to legitimize their comments by appealing to authority; to quote, "I teach behavioral ecology at one of the top universities in the world."

 On the topic of logical fallacies, refuting a claim is not evidence for an alternative, agreed?

Yes, I never said otherwise.

 I provide evidence for my argument, but you provide nothing to support yours.

My argument was merely that the evidence you provided to support your argument does not actually support your argument. My evidence is to quote passages in both articles you supported which contradict your claim. I never attacked the two articles you posted, I quoted passages from their own text. Moreover, I clearly said that I was not supporting an alternative explanation.

 How about you provide some citations that rule out Hamiltonian models in favor of the several broad categories you offer?

I point you back to the same two papers you sourced.

 Offer something other than rudeness.

Where was I being rude? I said I'd be happy to read any papers you had that actually support the kin selection hypothesis for homosexuality.

 In what way is my analogy bad?

Because it is clear that the OP has some serious fundamental misconceptions about evolutionary theory, and your answer to their question was not even to explain kin selection in the context of homosexuality, but explain how it applies in a completely different context, and somehow expect the OP to draw a proper inference from the analogy, without the proper conceptual framework (i.e. kin selection) in which to properly map from one situation (eusocial insects and reproductive skew) to the other (human homosexuality).

Edit:
 What hasn't been tested? I'm unclear on what you're referring to.

I was referring to the group selection model the author proposed as an alternative to the four other evolutionary theories (including kin selection) the author reviewed. It was a minor point, so I didn't mention it above. 




 Haa seriously. All the low hanging fruit has been taken. I think the best place for new ideas is to think about what questions can now be asked with the most recent technological or methodological advances in your field. E.g. genome sequencing, opened up whole new ideas to research and new ways of looking at old ideas.  




 Thanks, very interesting! 




 Another way to think about it is to think about what kind of behavioral algorithms the bee might be using when it's trying to build combs. You lay out one circular comb, then the next best place to build a comb is tangential to the first comb you built, then you want to move just far enough from both combs to build another comb tangential to *both* of the combs you just built. The hexagonal packing of circles then is a natural consequence, even if the bee has no concept of the overall design, it's only acting based on asking: is this too close to the combs I can see around me, or is too far, or is it just right. But to build a square packing, the bee would have to have a concept of right angles from each other. The first one is intuitively more "natural" and is a much simpler and robust behavioral rule. The rule is just, move so that I am some fixed distance away from every cell that I can see around me, and build here.

I don't know of if this is actually what happens, but that's my hypothesis. 




 Yup, see my other post, that's exactly what happens. 




 So the thing is, they actually start out as circles, which get pulled into hexagonal shapes. Circles pack in the same way that hexagons tesselate the plane, but not squares or triangles. So to get a square tessellation from packed circles, the bees would have to pack circles in a square lattice, and then those circles would be pulled into square shapes, but such a packing is not ideal. Hexagons are a "natural" shape for packing things in a plane.

http://www.nature.com/news/how-honeycombs-can-build-themselves-1.13398 




 Because combs when built are actual packed circles, but due to surface tension at the joints, get pulled into hexagonal shapes. If you pack a bunch of circles, the centers don't line up with the centers of square or triangles when tessellated.

http://www.nature.com/news/how-honeycombs-can-build-themselves-1.13398 




  In order for this to work, every single baby step has to be beneficial to the species.

No, "benefit to the species" is never the evolutionary reason. 




 It's still a bad analogy with respect to the question that was asked and the level of misconception about evolution shown by the OP. It's a bad analogy, and a bad explanation of kin selection to someone who doesn't know kin selection, without any guidance on how the analogy is supposed to be interpreted in the context of human sexuality.

Ironically, the first article you posted says: "At the present time, there is no quantified statistics on the reproductive benefits of having a homosexual relative. Ultimately, kin selection seems a lot more evolutionarily plausible for female worker ants and bees (with their genetic peculiarity of being more closely related to the queens offspring than to any offspring of their own) than it does for homosexual human beings." To summarize, it reviews current evolutionary theories for homosexuality, and argues against the first four of five, while proposing a *potential* model of *group* selection, which while interesting, has not (to my knowledge) been tested.

And the second article says: "Previous research conducted in Western countries (U.S., UK) has failed to find any support for this hypothesis. In contrast, research conducted in Samoa has provided repeated support for it. In light of these cross-cultural differences, we hypothesized that the development of elevated avuncular (i.e., altruistic uncle-like) tendencies in androphilic males may be contingent on a relatively collectivistic cultural context. [...] The results of this study furnished no evidence that androphilic Japanese men exhibited elevated avuncular tendencies compared to their gynephilic counterparts." though there is evidence in Samoan and Polynesian cultures.

So neither paper you've cited supports your claim. I'm not saying there isn't evidence for a Hamiltonian hypothesis, but it isn't strong, and there are a number of competing evolutionary, sociocultural, and neurological/developmental models, among which there is not strong consensus around any single explanation. Though if you had better papers than the ones you listed, I'd be happy to read them. I have googled it in the past, and as far as I can tell, there's no consensus. 




 They don't, IIRC from a competitive food eating book I read years ago. One said the only time she ever puked was due to food poisoning. 




 Better than mouth stuck in penis. 




 No, that's a terrible analogy, and there just isn't that strong of evidence for a kin selection explanation for homosexuality. 




  There are probably many more homosexuals in the world today than say 200 years ago.

Well yeah, there are more people period than there were 200 years ago. Also, it's far more acceptable to be gay today than 200 years ago, so more people are out.

Nature doesn't "control" things, nature has no mind of it's own. There's no universal consciousness that thinks "oh, there are lots of people, we should make them less reproductive by making them gay."

Not to mention, there are a thousand other ways to reduce population growth, including contraceptives, sexed, empowering women, development. 




 There are a lot of misconceptions about evolution here. First, homosexuality did not evolve as a means to curb population. Trait's don't evolve because they help the species, traits only evolve because they help individuals compete against other individuals for reproductive success. There's no such thing as evolution acting "for the good of the species", because nature has no conscience or end goal.

The second main misconception is that all traits evolve because they are beneficial. This leads people to seek adaptive explanations for traits that aren't adaptive. Just because homosexuality exists in humans (and other species) does not mean it's advantageous (nor does it mean it's disadvantageous) for the individual/gene.

But let's assume homosexuality is evolutionarily beneficial, for whatever reason. Evolution is not a moral theory, it simply describes what happens in nature, it does not prescribe what *should* happen. Nature does not think nor does it plan, and so it has nothing to say about morality or ethics. Thus, evolution says nothing about how gay people *should* or *ought* to behave, and thus, it says nothing about how you should form an opinion about what *other* people *should* or *ought* to behave. I'll give you an analogy: Gravity describes how planets move and objects fall, it doesn't say that objects *should* fall and it doesn't say we shouldn't flying in planes because planes cause a lot of pollution. It simply describes the motion of objects, just as evolution describes the "motion" of genes through time.

Oh, and over-population has not been a problem for humankind until recently. But that's a minor quibble. 




 *, ELLEN?* 




 Only if we go extinct. 




 I haven't read it and only casually have followed the debates, but try "Evolution - The Extended Synthesis" by Pigliucci and Mueller. It presents the argument that the Modern Synthesis needs to be extended, which has its proponents and critics. Also check out the article "Does evolutionary theory need a rethink?" for a comment from the proponent side and a counter-comment from the critic side, since you should read about both perspectives. 




 ...I don't understand your question then. 




  Do you guys think it would be O.K if I submitted it to another journal and simply withheld the news until I got a response from that journal?

No that is *not* okay, since he's a co-author, he not only should be informed about the state of the paper out of courtesy, but also out of the fact that his name is on the paper. It's not like he's not going to find out, and why would you think it's better if he found out indirectly months from now? That's a terrible idea.

It's a rejection, so what, rejection is the norm not the exception. Your supervisor (presumably is) empathetic, and (presumably) wants to help you. He's been there probably countless times before.

The other thing to think is why wouldn't you make your paper better by incorporating the editor's feedback. Though this paper did not go to review, for papers that do and get rejected, a lot of the time if you send them to another journal, you'll get some of the same reviewers just because your field is small (yes?). Reviewers aren't gonna like to see the same paper again without any attempt at incorporating their previous feedback. 




 I mean, there are a lot of people who can't swim... 




 Or worse. *Much worse*. 




 Not what I meant. 




 Still, of the two competing hypotheses... 




 Oppreshuns. 




 I am aware that studies (and personal experience) have shown rational argumentation doesn't work. That doesn't say anything about the efficacy of ridicule, which is why I'm asking for a source. 




  Mild ridicule can actually go a long way towards changing somebody's mind.

Citation for a study supporting this claim? 




 I forgot which blogger said it, but Rose's absence is *the* hole around which the entire story is structure around. 




 If it looks like an animation error, it's probably an animation error. 




 Not to mention, it's pretty obvious when centipeedle reformed, the silohuette had only one body. It's like people can't properly weigh evidence. 




 Sometimes, there are clouds blocking the view. 




 Well, because there's no 41st of January or 71st (72nd rounded) of February. Rand wouldn't work as a celebrated date either. But there *is* a 14th of March, and also a 28th of June. 




 If only! 




 You know how when bodies of water are very still at night and you can see stars at the bottom of them? We use telescopes positioned downward to study those stars. 




 They do have a great national lab though, Oak Ridge. 




 Basically, when we partition human genetic variance (using AMOVA) into the part which is explained by within population effects versus the part which is explained by between population effects, almost all human genetic variance is explained by within population effects. 




 Fermat's *little* theorem. Not his last one. 




 Read that as "My wife mushes it up and feeds her just like she fed me when she was a baby." And was really confused. 




 No, just Transcendent. 




 High school counselors. 




 Fantastic Planet. Where humans are pests among giant blue aliens. 




 My dad. 




 Could someone explain what I'm supposed to be seeing? 




 ...In the 25%? 




 ...Wait, how does that improve the dependency ratio? The biggest driver of the dependency ratio are the baby boomers entering retirement. And then the problem will only get worse, since you have a huge absent 14 years of cohorts who won't enter the workforce. 




 Natural selection does not mean that drift does not occur at the selective locus; the gene frequency dynamics at the locus are the result of both deterministic (natural selection) and stochastic (drift) components. That is not to say the other guy/girl's logic makes any sense though... 




 Wait what? That made literally no sense. Neutral genes does not imply genetic drift, and genes under selection does not exclude genetic drift acting *on the selective locus*. 




 I don't understand your answer to your own question. There's no mention of fitness differences *correlated with genotype* on which selection can act, and there's also no mention of genetics or populations or frequencies which is what genetic drift describes, so it's neither a question about selection nor genetic drift. It's a terribly worded question. At best, it's a description of a fitness difference, but without describing some kind of covariance with some kind of inheritable character, it's not a description of natural selection. 









 No. 




 Yes, but for fun, let's propose some alternative hypotheses.

1) Rose has more defined hair in the first scene than the other two is because they wanted to make her look younger in the later scenes.

2) In the top right shot, this is during a motion frame, while all the others are during (near) static frames. Motion frames tend to have less details.

3) There are some differences in lighting, and also in distance to the camera. 




 It... looks like the logo to No Man's Sky 




 Aww thanks. I'm actually 5 years old tho. Still in kindergarten! 




 There Will Be Blood Everywhere. 




 ANDDDD I was thinking of There Will Be Blood again. Why do I always always conbooddle the two. 




 Iroh embracing Zuko in Sozin's Comet in Avatar the Last Airbender. From the same series, "In memory of Mako". 




 It's kinda a chicken or egg situation. If you grow up lacking access to healthier foods, your food preferences, habits, cooking skills, and food and health education will be determined by what food is available in your community. This makes it impossible for healthier alternatives to establish themselves in these same communities. 




 They become migrant workers. 




 Following up on the circumcision question: How does that work? How long after birth? Who performs it? Is there cake and merriment involved? 




 tl;dr Poor people are more likely to live in food deserts. 




 To add a little to my own answer, there are a few other reasons of historical contingency which at least made our lineage more likely to evolve towards such high intelligence; we're primates, which have a fairly high brain to body size ratio among mammals already, most of whom are social and arboreal (both behaviors requiring bigger brains), who are already good at manipulating the environment (we have pretty awesome forearms), and who felt the pressure of climate change in African savannah around 5-7 million years ago which pushed us towards bipedalism and endurance running, and we are one of but many evolutionary trials of hominid species, ranging from robust primarily plant eating species to gracile omnivores, and we happen to be the ones that survived, despite at some point numbering less than a 100k. The traits that make us who we are were already present in some form or another in the common ancestors of great apes, and we got lucky. 




 Off the top of my head, Laland, and Feldman. Try looking under evolutionary anthropology, mathematical anthropology, behavioral evolution, and sociobiology. 




 We're coming for you Indiana. 




 Unami 




  Since survival and reproduction are the most basic of all instincts, and intelligence has been the single most important factor that allowed us to overcome and dominate all other species on Earth and ensure optimal survival and reproduction, why hasn't any other species gone in the same direction?

Because evolution does not have a directed end goal. Intelligence has been very adaptive for us yes, but there is an infinite other ways of adapting which may be more fruitful. Smarter is not always better--all adaptations involve some kind of trade-off, and big brains are particularly expensive to pay for energetically speaking. Intelligence is really hard to make work in terms of cost vs benefits. 




  E E labs are more likely to earmark certain students to join their lab rather than just having a pool of students admitted to a program.

This is true, and is not necessarily a bad thing. I think "earmark" is an understatement; in many E E programs, it's pretty much a necessary (but not sufficient) condition for getting admitted that (at least one) PI wants you to join the program and their lab. The 'earmark' is the vast majority. Conversely, it means that applicants should apply with a particular research area and PI in mind whom they have already contacted. Fit is important for E E admissions. The best thing you can do to improve your chances of getting into an E E is to research potential PI and contact them about joining their lab before applying. (This can also save you the trouble of avoiding applying to programs where your potential PI isn't taking students or is moving to another institution). 




 Yeah, basically the ability for the gene regulatory system to adapt to new environmental inputs is itself hardcoded into the genes, albeit in a complex way. The only part of the criticism against the selfish gene that I may agree with (though I haven't given it much thought) is that the gene concept itself is poorly defined, especially in the face of complex nonadditive networks of gene interactions underlying phenotypic and thus fitness differences. 




  I've been using the undergrad rates as a rough guideline for lack of better information.

Don't, it's useless. You won't find any of that info online. It depends on how many and which advisors may be looking for new students which depends on how well funded they are recently and also the preferences of labs and programs for cohort size and various departmental and institutional factors and also how well-known the institution and more importantly the program are and also how popular a particular field is at the moment. Sometimes programs are looking to expand, sometimes they have had recent hires who need grad students, sometimes they've had a change in chair or director of graduate studies, sometimes they're being squeezed by administration, sometimes they've had faculty who've left, sometimes they want to make up for low matriculation in the previous year, sometimes they want to make fewer offers because matriculation the previous year was high. The variance is large. 




 Only if you die a martyr. 




 It also helps to up the density of the atmosphere, the denser, the more 'aquatic' flying organisms will be. This also ties into the need to support a large mass with large energetic intakes; the largest real whales eat tonnes of tiny plankton, and similarly, either there should be some kind of `air' krill, seeds, or they descend to graze on canopies of flora, or they're some kind of photosynthetic. But yeah, the basic idea is similar to swim bladders in fish. The lighter than air gases could be produced by their microbiome. Defense is tricky, as bladders might be fragile, making them easy prey; bladder's would probably be modular. 




 Glutamates. 




 Kk. I know like very little about theory in cell/molec, so I was curious. 




 Those orifices are too wet. 




 Sometimes you just gotta know when to bail. 




 This question would be more interesting if it was strictly limited to mathematical principles. When you include all scientific principles as well, then yeah that includes basically every technological advance in human history. 




 Why do you think that? (your second line) 




 Hurray! 




 It costs fewer lives, and costs less money. 




 *"You can't take the sky from me..."* 
























 Stags. 




 Jesus... 




 Plea guilty. 




 A wild boar killed me while hunting. 




  since any child born within 9 months of a divorce is legally the father

...Wait what?! 




 Ironic name. 




 I did the math. That makes him her three-quarters brother. 




 Son of a bitch. 




 I mean, they've only had 6000 years to do all of that. 




 I'm not sure! 




 Er, for what? 




 Head On. It really works! 




 Cat fingers was great. TETSUO.

KANEDA.

TETSUOOO.

CANAADAA.

And then the gf dies. 




 My god... is onion yellow diamond? 




 Oh god we're fusing...  




 The spitting image of her voice actor:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFfKvP4vSL0 




 Food for thought: Rainbow Quartz also died with Rose (and presumably a few other fusions). 




  "Rose's scabbard, empty and devoid of purpose without her sword"

Vagina. It's a vagina metaphor. 




 Here's a good starting point: http://rspb.royalsocietypublishing.org/content/282/1810/20150791

From the Discussion:

 For most vertebrate taxa (possibly excepting naked mole rats), the patterns expected under the social brain hypothesis are relatively straightforward: group members will face an increase in socially imposed cognitive challenges as social complexity increases; this should be matched by a similar pattern of increased brain investment. We suggest this is true because of the fundamental way vertebrate societies are structured: vertebrate social groups are ecological contexts where individual reproductive agendas are pursued [8]. As social complexity increases, social interactions play a greater role (relative to other ecological factors, such as the needs to forage and avoid predators) in fitness variation. Social prowess may even become a predominant selective force on cognition [8,9]. Social conflict probably plays a major role in these patterns.

 There is an important difference between vertebrate and insect societies in how social complexity arises. Simple vertebrate societies are often family groups, but larger vertebrate societies comprise increasingly distant relatives or even collections of non-relatives. This is not true of social insects: excepting unicolonial invasive ants [50], most insect societies are family groups. Changes in insect colony size and social complexity involve modifications of family structure, with a general trend towards increasing individual specialization and division of labour among group members [18,19]. In some senses, insect colonies can be viewed as extended phenotypes of the reproductive(s). We found evidence for a marked decrease, rather than an increase, in MB calyx investment that accompanied the origins of sociality in one social insect clade. Our data further suggest the most important transition was from solitary life to simple societies, with further transitions in social structure having no measurable effect on brain architecture. This pattern indicates super-organismal attributes, such as distributed cognition, arose early in social evolution among Vespidae.

Other than that, I don't know much about cognitive evolution. If anyone has any insight, I'm particularly interested in how cephalopods (octopi and squid) fit into the social spectrum, even though they're pretty smart--and more interestingly, independently evolved intelligence from the bird/mammal line. 




 Idk, the machine learning/artificial intelligence community have developed reinforcement learning algorithms that do basically just that. Backpropagation of rewards to learn which of a given set of behaviors to use when confronted with particular inputs is not that hard to do, we have algorithms that can learn to play video games these days through trial-and-error. So personally, I don't think that's a good example of being "really smart". The kinds of learning behaviors we haven't been able to emulate in ML/AI are abstract reasoning about the world that can be use for inventing behaviors or things like having a theory of mind for navigating social dynamics. Those are beyond our ability to code, and I think are better examples of being really smart. 




 Woo! Congrats as well! 




 There's a great article in Quanta Magazine about recent research in bird evolution: https://www.quantamagazine.org/20150602-dinosaurs-to-birds/

An excerpt: 
 A bird didnt just evolve from a T. rex overnight, but rather the classic features of birds evolved one by one; first bipedal locomotion, then feathers, then a wishbone, then more complex feathers that look like quill-pen feathers, then wings, Brusatte said. The end result is a relatively seamless transition between dinosaurs and birds, so much so that you cant just draw an easy line between these two groups.

Note: I should say that he's not suggesting birds actually evolved from T. rexes, it's a figure of speech. 




  mate selection, child rearing, family life, society, ethics.

I second /u/miss_step 's suggestion, these topics are more under the domain of (sociocultural) anthropology than evolutionary biology, and do not necessarily have selective explanations. 




 Woo! Congrats! 




 Woo! Always wondered what it's like to go 




 Man, I *really* want to hear a Ruby x Sapphire duet number. 




 If it acts like a duck and quacks like a duck, it's a duck. The Crew know exactly what they're portraying, and that's a lesbian relationship. 




 Theoretically, if Sapphire died, so would Garnet, Sugilite, Sardonyx, and Alexandite. 




 My theory is that the next two episodes are going to be a lot more gayest.

 




 Yes. 




 I thought it was their brittle spines. 




 SHUT YOUR DIRTY MOUTH. 




 Lito is the best. 




 Hmm, never realized Puerto Rico had it's own team. 




 Two 4h30m sessions of 3 problems each, or 9h total. 




 No, I'm pretty sure we're talking about Monster Ranchers. 




 Leek spin. 




 You're confusing two different biological processes: evolution and digivolution. 




 "I like to watch you sometimes" - Pearl 




 Why don't you cook with onions? Onions are a staple of so many cuisines, a base for so many great dishes. You should stop putting them in your eye(s). 




 gonna not... 




 Theory: We'll see Opal again before the end of the week. 




 Statistics/probability and algebra are essential. Calculus, ODE's, and linear algebra are useful. 




 Oppreshuns. 




 Lapis's weapon is OP. Seriously. And I love it. 




 Mendeley. It's not perfect, but I like it better than the others. 




 ...shhh 




 When in doubt pinky out. 




 It means I could deform you into a teacup. 




 Back and forth forevers. 




 Nothing like sharing GI tracts with the one you love most.

Did you know people are topologically donuts? 




 Zaheer. 




 Yes yes, it's your favorite book, we get it. 




 My next piggy bank. 




  they are no longer in love

This just makes me so sad to hear. It was such a great story too. 




 Benny Lava: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIUrgAYmNsQ 




 Pooping back and forth forevers. 




 "were wildly in love" I'm sorry. 




 You seem like fairly competitive of an applicant given your experiences. 




 Most of the unrefromed villains in ATLA. Azula, Tarlok, Kuvira. Fuck Unalaq though. 




 Well he did have sex with Suki. 




 Ginger from As Told by Ginger. 




 Pacifica Northwest from Gravity Falls. 




 Oh he knows. 




 Pretty much every attempt to make the "next" Hunger Games-like teen dystopian action franchise. 




 Avatar, Benjamin Button Head, Holy Motors, Dragon Cumberbatch, Dawn of the Rise of the Planet of the Apes, and a lot of video games. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcEjSvUiqeY 




 Really not the same thing at all. Good movie though. 




 Yes, your boobs will grow long flowing beautiful blond locks of hair. 




  and try to keep my own to a minimum. I'm kind of a dick and I'm alright with that

Hmm - Fry Face. 




 Wait, why didn't you just get the manager to argue with them? 




 Yeah! Screw you ISIS. 




 Yeah, lbh, katara is about as plain as the nose on egg's face. 




 ...There *were* the dubbed over (was it Spanish?) leaks from Book 3... 




 I... I feel like he must be trolling. I am curious whether ATLA was ever dubbed into Japanese. 




 MATHCOUNTS, AMC, AIME, USAMO, and ARML. 




 That sweet baby, making sweet love... 




 There is no God. There is only Gore. - Al Gore The Gorious. 




 That sweet, sweet, baby love making... 




 A Gay Girl in Damascus.

 Amina Abdallah Arraf al Omari was a fictional character or hoax persona created and maintained by American Tom MacMaster.[1] The identity was presented as a Syrian-American blogger, identifying herself as a lesbian on her weblog A Gay Girl In Damascus and blogging in support of increased civil and political freedom for Syrians. During the 2011 Syrian uprising, a posting on the blog purportedly by "Amina's" cousin claimed that Amina was abducted on 6 June 2011. This sparked a strong backlash from the LGBT community and was covered widely in mainstream med

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gay_Girl_In_Damascus 




 Well I didn't... WHAT DOES THAT SAY ABOUT ME =( 




 Al Gore 3: The Smirkening. 




 ...I thought he meant forests where they hunt ducks. But yeah, your explanation makes more sense. 




 We're sending immigrants your way Canada. 




 Drought, coastal flooding, hot summers in most places, cold winters in some places, tropical diseases migrating to mid-lattitudes, biodiversity loss, stress on ecological services, stress on agricultural systems, the rise of Canada as a the breadbasket of North America, the opening of the northwest passage to ships, and Al Gore smirking a lot. 




 Pathogens. The one evolutionary force we can always count on is host-pathogen interactions. 




 How does "selection" being a *sub*component of "natural selection" make linguistic sense? I assert that your term "selection" is an ill-defined colloquialism. What the second component in your list should be is "differential reproductive success" or "differential fitness". It doesn't even make sense to call it "selection" because that term has colloquial connotations of a conscious entity making some kind of choice based on an undefined property, it has no place as a formal term in evolutionary biology. "Selection" is not specific enough of a phrase to describe what it actually is. The whole point of calling the process *natural selection* is to suggest that nature itself, without conscious intent, can also "select", as an analogy to selection, which connotes intention. And when evolutionary biologists refer to a concept called "selection", it always is shorthand for "natural selection" unless otherwise specified. 




  Natural selection is the process by which the environment selects which organisms reproduce.

This is false. Natural selection is the partial evolutionary change due to fitness, genotype covariance. It concerns the differential inheritance of genetic characters from one generation to the next due to fitness differences. Look up Price and Ewen's interpretations of Fisher's Fundamental Theorem of Natural Selection.

Differential reproduction that is not due to fitness differences does not count as selection. An environmental event which kills a random proportion of a population regardless of their genes is just another example of genetic drift, which is the part of evolutionary change due to neutral random sampling. Your "plain natural selection" is a colloquialism which does not exist as a formal term in evolutionary biology. 




 Don't know why you're getting voted down. Fisher's fundamental theorem of natural selection, as interpreted through Price's equation, equates natural selection with the partial evolutionary change due to fitness, genotype covariance. 




 Evolution is not linear. It's a branching process.

Also, what is a "type". That's a subjective category, and therefore the idea that "types" only turn into new species of the same "type" is not meaningful because it is a statement about things which are not properly defined. That should immediately clue you in to the fact that the statement is untenable, and that there are major gaps in your conceptual understanding. So my answer to the question, is there proof that species of a "type" turn into species of a different "type", is that the question is ill-defined. 




 The 2C target is basically impossible to achieve at this point except in the most extreme mobilization efforts. The train left 5-10 years ago. But from a public relations and a political policy standpoint, no one's gonna officially move the target to a more realistic 3C or 4C. 2C is the agreed upon goal between nations, and there's a risk of nations abandoning efforts all together if anyone tries to move the target upwards, which may result in a worse outcome than sticking with the already agreed upon but now ultimately unattainable goal. Maybe not, but no one's taking the risk of trying to get nations to agree on a *new* goal.

tl;dr The 2C target is more political than scientific at this point. 




 Kick it into twelfth gear. 




 HURGHH can't wait. 




 Her date's, obviously. 




 Iron Sky. Who doesn't love Nazis from the dark side of the moon attacking a United States where Sarah Palin is president. 




 *HIJKLMAO 




 Is key the kenan or kel of key and peele? 




 tl; 




 Any insights into how people did literature search or kept up with current research? I just use Google scholar... 




 Playing devil's advocate, what if you're interested in science writing and communication? 




 Mendeley for all my pdfs, and a stack of paper copies of the most important papers related to my current project. 




 WHAT DID WE DO? 




 yes. 




 Avatar the Last Airbender. 




 The 90s become retro and thus fashionable again.

Edit: Point being, the future trend you can count on is the old trend becoming trendy again. Retrendence. 




 Guys, this means we officially have more seasons than Gravity Falls. 




 The endgame is crystal gem human instrumentality using Steven as a bridge. 




 What amazes me about it is he didn't back out of the race despite urging from other Republicans. 




 Too soon. Ghazan fits the bill though. 
























 Alternative news write-up: [Smithsonian.com](http://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/dna-search-first-americans-links-amazon-indigenous-australians-180955976/)

Skoglund et al. Reich, 2015, Nature: [original paper](http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/vnfv/ncurrent/full/nature14895.html)

Raghavan et al. Willerslev, 2015, Science: [original paper](http://www.sciencemag.org/content/early/2015/07/20/science.aab3884) 









  undergraduates don't know jack shit. 




 Find the one person who's deathly allergic to grapes.

Hey, you only said I had to kill *someone*. 




 Sing a duet with it. 




 I'm not. It's just same old same old. 




 In the first case, why then do coin flips tend toward 50-50, or why do the number of heads in n trials come out to be binomially distributed? 




 I wouldn't say arbitrary, but heuristic. Scientists reject hypotheses that cannot be disproved, support hypotheses which have historically been successful at prediction, choose between different models by null hypothesis testing, AIC, BIC, maximum likelihood, maximum parsimony, maximum a posteriori probability, various regularization methods, and have heuristics such as Occam's Razor. As a culture, scientists converge on particular epistemological heuristics for assessing potential models. 




 Approximate Bayesian Computation? 




 Coalescent theory is fun. The branch of population genetics that kills me though is diffusion theory. Partial differential equations, stochastic differential equations, and continuous-time markov processes. Ech. 




  In other words, all it takes any other hypothesis that makes the same prediction and the two hypotheses would be impossible to distinguish.

But the space of potential models is infinite. You have to have some kind of model selection criteria. 









 Not just hard work, but successful people usually come from backgrounds where they have safety nets, connections, resources, and opportunities. 




 That would be the response of a rational healthy person, but addicts are neither rational nor healthy. They have a mental and physical illness which needs to be treated, regardless of how they got into the mess.

I think the money would be better spent supporting rehabilitation programs. Finding out who's an addict and denying them welfare doesn't help them. 




  And the institutions that were testing them had far more resources and funding than the Oklahoma welfare department. Yeah, that hurts the argument for testing, I get that, I'm just laying everything out here.

Uh, except they *also* have far more resources and funding and motivation to do their best to pass drug tests. Since these are at odds, there's no a priori reason to favor either way. 




 That was a terrible anti-joke. 




 Great premise and action. Terrible pacing, characters, story, recaps. 




 there are plenty of markets that are not saturated yet.

*plenty*

for example, for women porn. 




 It took you 5 minutes? 




 Filthy casual. 




 Learning how to use ipython, numpy, and pandas for research. 




 At least it wasn't anthrax...

But seriously, best of luck to you moving forward. 




 Stopping yourself from crashing into a manure truck. 




 Grad student. Beer and tv. 




 Thanks! 




 Without clicking through the jupyter directory or opening a different text editor. 




 Wait what's the turning off utilities about? 




 INVADER ZIM. DOOOM. 




 Ruby's sink, Saphire's float. 




 And inside *that* body is Zim the Invader. 




 Oh I misunderstood your comment, I thought the point of contention was whether she was a human or a gem. 




 Battlestar Galactica. 




 What is this Battlestar Galactica? 




 no, she has stevens gem 




 We called them oompa loompas back in high school. 




 Out of character. Steven would say "Have a nice weekend!" 




 Titled "Hard Problems" iirc. 




 I qualified for USAMO twice, though was never good enough to move beyond that. I started in between 7th and 8th grade, it took me 1 year to qualify for Mathcounts Nationals, and 1 year to narrowly miss the USAMO cutoff (was 1 AIME problem away). Didn't do well the following year, but qualified for USAMO the next two. My best Putnam performance was my first year in college, and declined after that since I got more rusty over time. I'm from a non-competitive region, so Art of Problem Solving was my main resource.

The first two years were spent going through the first two volumes of Art of Problem Solving, participating in the forums, doing practice tests, and doing competitions like AMC12, AIME, ARML, USAMTS, AoPS mock tests. AoPS has done a great job of democratizing the math scene by giving access to people who don't have local resources like math circles or strong math teams. I spent hours every day those first two years practicing or learning theory and tricks. I'd say it takes about 2+-1 year to get to a level where you can qualify for USAMO and maybe even solve 1 or 2 questions on USAMO, but to get the point where the first 1 or 2 questions on USAMO can be done in a few minutes so you have enough time to solve the rest of them, and can do it consistently with speed, takes years of additional practice. The people who are USAMO winners and IMO team members have probably put in a good 4-7 years of hard practice and over 10,000 hours.

Solving Olympiad problems is a matter of building requisite insight. The problems cover geometry (euclidean, projective, inversive), number theory, inequalities, probability, algebra, trigonometry, complex numbers, combinatorics and a few other subjects; calculus, statistics, and higher (undergraduate+graduate) mathematics are not required, though they can certainly be useful. Some of these topics aren't covered in high school or even many undergraduate curriculums. There's a kinda standard corpora of theorems and tricks and problem construction ideas that are common in contest problems, ranging from necessary even at the lowest level competitions to fairly advanced or obscure. However, combining these techniques to solve Olympiad problems is non-trivial and requires experience and insight. There is a kinda meta-gaming in that, unlike research problems, Olympiad problems have a solution of an expected level of difficulty, and there is kinda a limit to the breadth of problems that can be proposed, so familiarity with lots of problems is definitely helpful. At the same time, Olympiad contest writers must think of newer problems which aren't as easily solved by knowing similar past problems, so the meta-game moves forward over time--the present is always the time where the most past problems are available to students to study. The best problem-solvers have built great depth and breadth in the techniques, theorems, and problems they have in the back of their minds over many years of practice. They're self-motivated to do well and very passionate and generally start early, but there have been some people who have started later who have done very well. 




 Jamie Nanefuas slapping Jamie Jamies butts 




 *woosh* 




 Opening and closing their stomata in public. 




 Steve Jobs or Mark Zuckerberg outfit. 




 This was only mildly interesting OP. 




 That 21 year old's gonna be on a list. 




 OH GOD SHE'S UNDER 15?!

*I'm going to jail.* 




 If only the movie had this many colored actors. 




 Sure, but to generate the stimuli, you'd need an advanced model of the physical world. Which in and of of itself could be interesting to explore. 




 Sure, but this article isn't about cross-contamination, or political economy, or intellectual property laws. It's in the title, this article is specifically about the health allegations against GMO of anti-GMO organizations and the hypocrisy in their public statements.

Sorry, I just don't like when people criticize work for not being about something else. If every article on GMOs were comprehensive reviews, all we'd be reading would be 200+ page tomes. 




  Things should be labeled for what they are.

Yup. But there are dozens of labels that are more informative and therefore should be prioritized over GMO labelling. The irony of your comment is that saying something is that labelling something as GMO or Non-GMO is very ambiguous. From the article: 

 GMO labels dont clarify whats in your food. They dont address the underlying ingredientspesticides, toxins, proteinsthat supposedly make GMOs harmful. They stigmatize food thats perfectly safe, and they deflect scrutiny from non-GMO products that have the same disparaged ingredients. 




 But then why stop there? If companies should be transparent, they should QR code all products with hundred page documentation. Why should we prioritize GMO-labelling when there are dozens of other labels that would be more informative to the user? 




  Patents and stopping farmers from planting seeds from crops they grow are the more scary side of the GMO industry.

But this is true of hybrid crop seed as well, farmers in general have been using commercial seed since before the discovery of DNA.

  the whole article seems to fall foul of the same cherry picking it accuses others off and seems to imply all GMO products are safe and the health benefits/risks seemed overplayed.

To quote the thesis of the article:

 The more you learn about herbicide resistance, the more you come to understand how complicated the truth about GMOs is. First you discover that they arent evil. Then you learn that they arent perfectly innocent. Then you realize that nothing is perfectly innocent. Pesticide vs. pesticide, technology vs. technology, risk vs. riskits all relative. The best you can do is measure each practice against the alternatives. The least you can do is look past a three-letter label.

So I think your claim is unfair, the article is arguing for nuance, and exposes hypocrisy in the dogma of a particular brand of anti-GMO organization. The article addresses the main classes of GMOs, of which there aren't actually that many: there are insecticide producing GMs, herbicide resistant GMs, individual disease immune GMs, and humanitarian efforts to increase yield, nutrition, and drought resistance. The only type of GM that I can think of off the top of my head that wasn't covered are the FlavrSavr tomatoes with increased shelf-life from the 90s. 




 Ugh, I hadn't noticed how Pearl's just *clutching* her stomach. The SU crew really know how to animate those bodily cues. 




 ...alien invader from high tech caste-based race bent on domination of Earth. Checks out.

Also, obligatory DOOOOOOOM 




 Question: Is holo Peridot a ship ability or a Peridot ability?

Either way, there are a lot of parallels between Peridots and Pearls in their form and function. 




 More like administrative, information relay, role. 




 As much as I love the Peridot foot pun jokes, has anyone else noticed the implications of that scene? Gem bodies are supposed to be illusions, so why does a detached foot remain in existence instead of going poof? I think her body may not be an illusion in the way other gems are, but fully mechanical. 




 Congrats on the threesome! 




 Also remember that she's young enough to be baffled by "archaic" Gem tech. 




 Take THAT Gravity Falls. 




 That's because we're all now years into adulthood at least. *Please die Spongebob*. 




 *High Six* 




  I don't want to support companies like Monsanto that use this technology to make crops that won't reproduce and force farmers to buy new grains from them every year.

But this isn't a GMO-specific concern. Non-replantable commercial seed has been the norm for farmers since the earliest commercial hybrid crops from the early 20th century. 




 But they're not informed choices. If you want informed choices, you need a better set of labels than "GMO" vs "Non-GMO". 









 "I'll drink your milkshake. I'LL DRINK IT UP." The entire ending scene of No Country for Old Men. 




 A nice way to see this is a geometric interpretation of multiple regression. Let there be N samples, and M predictors X1, ..., XM, and response Y. Each of X1, ..., XM and Y are vectors in the vector space V = R^N. The M predictors X1, ..., XM span a subspace U with at most M dimensions (if linearly independent) but possibly less. The estimator Yhat is the vector in U that minimizes the euclidean distance to Y, i.e. it's the orthogonal projection of Y onto U. Since Y = Yhat+residual, the residual vector lies in the orthogonal complement of U, which has dimension at least N-M (equal to N-M if linearly independent); this is the degrees of freedom.

Source: The Geometry of Multivariate Statistics, by Wickens 




 Note the fact that Steven never had a placenta--he has a gem for a belly button! 




 Love it, we had Sardonyx, then we had a Garnet ep, an Amethyst ep, and a Pearl ep. Looks like the team is ready to get back together tomorrow!

*And they will go through hell.* 




 And then what happened? 




 DNA Digivolution? 




 Greg, Vidalia, Sadie's Mom, and Nanefua on an adventure. 




 Twitch Plays Heart Surgery. 




 Lipotransfer dual surgery. 




 perfect comedic timing, and perfect to end on 




 probably an inside joke 




 ...my god it's recursive. 




 All the gems in tuxedos. 




 Eh, the anime industry sucks right now. 




 Yes. 




 Get your women in *line*. 




 Last one was pretty good. 




 ? Wot. 




 Pearl kills him in order to bring back Rose. It doesn't. 




 ...So it's been about 4-6 months since the future vision episode which was during winter. 




 Read as

 I would always see her in the corner of the living room crouching behind the couch, making feces. 




 It's buttered *noodles*. 




 Theory: Amethyst and Vidalia have totally banged. 




 Definitely more uncomfortable. 




 Lol, probably... 




 We're not talking about species, we're talking about individuals. If you are better managing your limited intake of resources by not investing in superfluous tissues and organs, than you'll be fitter than me. Such traits would spread. 




 IIRC, since 2011, USA IMO team selection is based on a year-long series of tests for a small group of people who did well on USAMO and the TSTST the *previous* year. 




 There's probably a lot of talent that slips through, but that's true of any competition, whether sport, music, or math. Local opportunities (good high school math teams, good local math circles, high concentrations of mathletes) is a big factor. The online community ArtOfProblemSolving has done a lot to democratize the process, it's much easier for students in non-competitive areas to join the community. The most important factor is still practice and determination.

The selection process is pretty complicated:

 The American Invitational Mathematics Examination (AIME) is a 15-question 3-hour test given since 1983 to those who rank in the top 5% (or score at least 100) on the AMC 12 high school mathematics contest (formerly known as the AHSME), and starting in 2010, those who rank in the top 2.5% (or score at least 120) on the AMC 10.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Invitational_Mathematics_Examination

 AMC 12 based indices are determined by taking AMC 12 Score + 10*(AIME Score). AMC 10 based indices are determined by taking AMC 10 Score + 10*(AIME Score). Cutoffs, based on AMC 12 indices, are determined so that approximately 260-270 students qualify for the USAMO. Cutoffs, based on AMC 10 indices, are determined so that approximately 230-240 students qualify for the USAJMO. If a student took the AMC 10 and 12 (i.e. AMC 10A and 12B or AMC 12A and 10B) and qualified for both the USAMO and USAJMO, the student must take the USAMO.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_of_America_Mathematical_Olympiad#Present

 The main purpose of MOP, held since 1974, is to select and train the six members of the U.S. team for the International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO). Students qualify for the program by taking the United States of America Mathematical Olympiad (USAMO). The top twelve American scorers from all grades form the "black" group. The approximately eighteen next highest American scorers among students from 11th grade and under form the "blue" group. In 2004, the program was expanded to include approximately thirty of the highest-scoring American freshmen and sophomores each year, the "red" group; this was later split into two, forming the "green" group, which consists of approximately fifteen of the highest-scoring freshmen and sophomores who have qualified through the USAMO, and the "red" group, which consists of those who have qualified through the USAJMO. The colorful designations of these groups were adapted from Karate. In 2013, the red and green groups were unified. Also, with the new system the Black Group includes more or less only the IMO team, which is not necessarily all USAMO winners.

 Until 2011, only Black MOPpers were eligible for the selection to the USA IMO team, determined by combining USAMO results with results of a similar exam called the Team Selection Test (TST). From 2011, a new test called the Team Selection Test Selection Test (TSTST) was established; this test is open for any of the participants of MOP, and along with results from the USAMO, determines the students who take the TSTs. This ultimately, along with the USAMO and MOP tests, determines the IMO team.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathematical_Olympiad_Summer_Program 




 The people who are USAMO winners probably are past the 10,000 hour rule for experts. 1000 hours for USAMO qualifier seems about right to me. 




 Also in Russia, and other Eastern European countries like Romania, are where the traditions of math olympiads and math circles originated. 




 Check the artofproblemsolving.com community boards. 




 I love the idea of seeing science in action. The POV perspective, time lapse, and music choice make it pretty exciting. Would love to see more people do this. 




 It takes resources to maintain a body part that isn't useful, energy and resources that could be better used for building and maintaining other tissues and organs. So it's better to lose them, or coopt them for a new function. Neutral variation is more common at the molecular level. Development is all about trade-offs. 




  toe the line

I feel like you're using this idiom wrong. 




 It says that the child is legally the father. 




 Grass or Toast. It's like 20 questions but better. 




 20 year limits on term sentences for all offenses. 




 Azula as Grey Delisle. 




 Laser tag, as in the Battle Room in Ender's Game. 




 Document 12-571-3570 




 Fear of death. 




 So is just a week of celebration? 




 Please, I have a wife and kids. 




 Doctors With Borders. 




 Plan A. 
























