 Sounds awesome! I'm only allowed to wear black liner, but I'll definitely check it out. Thanks! 




 Hello lovelies,

I'm on my high school's drill/dance team and am having some trouble finding some really good eyeliners that have a nice pigment and can stay on for a long time w/o smudging. So, what's your favorite? Thanks(: 




 Oh, haha, probably is. I just assume they weren't Internet savvy or from a country where English isn't their first language. 




 It's a joke. Livestream is when a person is currently recording it as you watch. Like live TV. 




 It's okay. Just says yes. 




 You can do this for any day of the week. I used to do this all the time as a kid, it's pretty lame. 




 Honestly, the flash mob itself was pretty cringe-worthy. He was just funny. 




 I felt violated just listening to him saying "lick your vagina"... WTF is wrong with this guy? 




 Time of my life, but I'm immediately arrested for disturbing the peace, public nudity, and and beastiality. Probably shouldn't have stayed at the zoo... 




 David Schwimmer is absolutely brilliant. 




 Crazy... I'm glad that no one got too hurt though. Thanks for sharing. 




 Oh my God, that's insane... Sorry you had to go through that. 




 What he wrote down? 




 I find her kind of scary looking now... I think she would look ten time better if she had never touched the stuff... 




 When Ross talks about Ben's first word...

Carol: "What'd he say?"

Ross: "Something about hi..."

Every time... it just kills me. 




 I forget the title, but the episode with Joey and Janice's day of fun, at one point it just says Poop. I love little easter eggs like that(: 




 I'm pretty sure they also addressed it in the pilot, but not everyone had actually seen it so they didn't know. 




 Well, they'd only known each other for three months, but... damn. 




 Made me think of this...

http://bifftees.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/58coon.png 




 These people are going to die. 




 No, juggalos are guys...

EDIT: Lol, nope, I was wrong. It's a girl... Mind = blown. 




 It's okay. It's not your fault. You didn't know. 




 I'm thinking the same thing... Really worried for her. 




 What the fuck? 




 This is really awesome of you. 




 Prayers sent. I am so incredibly sorry. Just know that there is a light at the end of this dark tunnel. We love you. 




 I have a similar problem. I went on three three week streaks, and now I haven't made it to a week in a long time... Getting closer, though. Keep pushing. We all support you. 




 Never make a student do something *your* way (i.e. take notes, etc.) This should be obvious, but I had a teacher that required us to take handwritten notes every class. Instead of doing this, I just didn't take notes at all. No way in hell I'm writing all that down by hand.

Also, make sure you *know* and research when you teach. I mean, if someone asks a question and you answer with "I'm not sure, but I think..." that's fine. But that same teacher I had spewed crap all the time because she never researched any of the topics she talked about.

I'm sure these are two pretty obvious things, but I'm just telling you the two most awful thing my worst teacher did to me. I wish you the best of luck! Enjoy your time, and your students may follow. 




 I had an amazing Biology teacher who would *always* have things graded before the end of class or by the next class, even tests (and no, they were not Scantron). There was only one time that she couldn't and she honestly apologized to our class. That woman is a goddess. 




 This. I hate any class that has a student like this in it. I can't focus because I'm thinking of how long it's going to take before someone shuts him/her up. 




 What's wrong with Blackboard? I use it quite productively. 




 Wow! You did a fantastic job!! 




 She could be the poster girl for daddy issues... 




 Yay, VSauce! 




 I don't see how this is cringe worthy... 




 I'm sorry if I don't check reddit every moment of every day... 




 Wtf? Nice reply to your only comment... 




 Is this real? I think it must be fake or by some dumb kid... It might be real, but it's just so insane, it's hard to believe. 




 Congratulations! 




 Absolutely adorable! 




 I would x-post this to /r/WTF before someone else does. 




 not really WTF worthy... cool video, though. also, it was on the front page of /r/videos recently. 









 This probably won't be the worst one you'll hear, but my Theology teacher used to wear this *to work* (school). tall brown ugg boots, green jeans, and a yellow t-shirt. First of all, it didn't match and was hideous. Second of all, she looked like a damn Christmas tree. 




 Try posting this on /r/funny or something. Not very WTFish. 




 Two reasons that some may have. 1) Straight men think that looking rugged and as if they don't care suggests how masculine they are. 2) Just like straight women "dress to impress" men, some gays do the same.

Just to note, not *all* gay men dress better, just some. That's a bit of a stereotype, but this is ELI5, so I'm not going to make a big deal out of it. 




 Prayers sent. I'm so sorry that you have to go through this. Be strong... We love you. 




 Thanks so much! You did a great job(: 




 I find the straight up ponytail kind of distracting, so can you just cover it up with the bleachers? Should be any easy fix. Thanks(:


Link:  http://imgur.com/MSH2vIX

EDIT: Thank you guys for your submissions! All are great(: 




 Absolutely stunning. Best rainbow eyeshadow I've ever seen. 




 Oh, okay. That makes a lot of sense! Thanks(: 




 I understand that genetic mutations and things cause organisms to change to better fit their environment (or something like that), but how do they/their bodies know what to do? Like how the armadillo evolved to grab at dirt as it digs under so that it can't be pulled out of the dirt. How did its body know how to solve this problem? Thanks, I hope my question makes sense. 




 Maybe it could be disputed as an opinion. Like if I said that being covered in bacteria is just as bad as being covered in snakes, that would be my opinion. Maybe most would disagree, but you couldn't say that it's not *true*. That's my best guess. 




 Burning alive. 




 I'm sick of seeing this. The world was a terrible place in comparison to life today. That's why Jesus had to come and save the world. People were doing terrible things, and He needed to set it straight. Keep this on /r/atheism.

EDIT: Clarity 




 They mean their reddit cake day. A real life cake day is a birthday. 




 Definitely not! You look amazing! 




 1) What the fuck?  2) Wrong subreddit. 




 No, but we all have our own reasons. Maybe you have insomnia, maybe you procrastinate, maybe you have anxiety, maybe you'd just rather be awake on the Internet than be asleep. I can't answer that question for you. 




 That's a question you should be asking yourself. 




 It's real... That woman is a horrible person who shouldn't be allowed anywhere near people, nevertheless children. 




 Thank God. 




 Oh my fucking God. This woman shouldn't be allowed on the streets! Who the hell would subject their child to such treatment? 




 Yeah, I think that she decided she wanted to leave, so she left and they added the trowing up sound effect. 




 What I think is that she decided that she didn't want to watch that anymore, and they added in the vomiting sound effect. 




 As a musician, the horribly off-key music was cringe-worthy enough. Then it just went downhill... 




 I dream of a day where everyone shaves their head and only wears wigs. How convenient would it be! I could have any hairstyle, length, or color I want on any day! Just know that you're living my dream...(: 




 Best answer I've gotten for this question. You win(: 




 I'm so sorry; I feel awful for you. I've had those days, and they suck. I wish there was a way I could help you, but just know I'm sending all my good thoughts your way. I hope everyone here has made you feel at least a little better and know that we all feel for you and wish you didn't have to go through this. Hold on... it'll get better. 




 Same happened with me on my Mac foundation, powder, and primer... It's a crappy feeling. Sorry that this happened! 




 If you were stranded on an island and could only bring three things of your choice, what would those three things be? 




 Are you okay? 




 That little girl doesn't seem upset that she just watched two people die, one being her mother... 




 There's nothing here... 




 Thanks, I'll look into that(: 




 I am. I take voice lessons, am in the musical, am on my school's choir, and very intensely involved with my school's dance team (which involves most kinds of dance). I'll probably go into dance classes my junior or senior year, maybe even this year. Now I just have to figure out how to get more involved in acting. 




 Great idea. Thanks, I'll definitely try to do this.

And, just to note, I am training to be a triple threat. I'm on my school's dance team, choir, and I take voice lessons. I just need to figure out how to get more acting in. I think this will definitely help. 




 Hi there. I'm currently a sophomore in high school planning to pursue musical theatre, and I feel really nervous about my acting. I'm not quite sure how to find ways to improve myself. The only way that I'm involve in my school is the musical, which I'll probably be in the chorus for. Any tips on how to better myself? Thanks. 




 Very impressive! I love what you did here!! But you skipped by favorite princess, Ariel. I request that you do more, so I can see her. (; Hats off, you did a great job. 




 Omg I don't know why, but I found this hilarious. I feel bad for it, but oh my God, I laughed so hard. 




 Jiffy! 1:16-1:17 




 Well, I think you'll have my vote. Best of luck. 




 Most cringeworthy post this subreddit has every seen. 




 I have a friend who thinks that if she eats carrots her breasts will go. She hasn't stopped even though after years she's still completely flat chested. 




 Especially once they grow up and fall in love with someone who is a jerk to them... 




 This is a repost... 




 Well, I don't believe people came up with God on there own. I live in the belief that I don't understand and know everything about this world, and there are things that no one understands about it. My beliefs are what I believe and what I hope to find to be true one day. I love living this way, so yes, I do think it's a good idea. Maybe not for everyone, but for me. 




 The above is absolutely correct. Additionally, musicians get very personal with their music and if no one person is controlling the tempo, it'll continually change due to certain sections or instrumentalists taking the tempo that they find is correct. 




 LOL very true... 




 Thank you so much.  




