 It's nearly a month since I first got on anti-depressant pills (Lexapro) and it's my first time being on them... it did help a little bit because I felt that I did get my energy back only for a very short time, and I would step out of the house, just to try to do something different and usually that lasts about two hours, sometime longer... and then I get extremely tired nearly every evening.  I would just get home.  There were times when I was really exhausted, I wanted to take a nap.  There were times that I just want to stay awake as much as I can, just to see if I could go to bed early (but that never happened). I then get a burst of energy after 10pm and I would stay awake until 4am or 5am and this occurs every night.  For some reason, I couldn't sleep and I didn't want to get off my computer because I felt like I'm not done with what I want to do.  In the back of my mind, I just feel like it's still gnawing at me, like I am aware that if I take my eyes off, I would feel like I'm back to reality.  When I'm on computer, I feel safe. I escape from that dark feeling.  I just become numb and would lose track of time until I take my eyes off the screen and I see the time. That's when I snap out of it.

I have one pill left in my bottle.  Is it possible to ask for a refill? I know my doctor allows it but my doctor appointment isn't until June.  Do you think I should wait until the appointment and talk to the doctor to increase the dose?  I just feel like it did help so very little, I just think that 10mg is really low for me... if the doctor increase the dose, I think it'll help me greatly with my anxiety and sleeping issues... what do you guys think? 




 I spend the whole day watching movies on my computer, watch YouTube, and I would play video games as well.  I would try to avoid anything productive and just escape for a very long time.  




 If I'd hire you to do my makeup, what would you put on my face? I'm just curious here.

Photo link: [here's my face](http://imgur.com/a/cNfB9) 




 I can't pick one lol.. I really dig the twenties, the fifties, the seventies/eighties and the nineties. 




 I've been following many cosmetic pages  on Facebook so I saw this video on their Facebook page on my newsfeed. I've heard of the name but I'm not familiar with Smashbox Cosmetics and their products.  What are your thoughts on their products?

As for the step by step contour stick trio video, they kept it really small and very light... Is it really that simple or they just do it for the demo? Just wondering.

Link: https://www.facebook.com/smashbox-cosmetics/videos/10155564978615075/ 




 [Witchcraft...](http://img.pandawhale.com/post-29449-witchcraft-gif-magic-made-by-m-m9k7.gif)

Literally. I thought I'd see a red "mirror" swatch or something.  It's a nice swatch though. I've been reading the comments.  How did you learn about this product? Just curious. 




 I think it's more of the pictures I took because they were at night and the lighting in the room isn't excellent, the angles look all wrong.  I've been wondering if it does really affect with the foundation and the highlight/contour.

Maybe I should try again and do make up during the day with the natural lighting, and take better pictures (will have to use DSLR).

For this product, NYX Wonder Stick...  I like the product, it goes on very nice. It helps for sure because it's specific (what I mean by that, this has four different kind of NYX Wonder Stick, "Light", "Medium", "Deep", and "Universal" - it allows you to select the kind of shade that suits to your liking)  unlike the pro palette (because it has six different shades for highlight/contour and I'm struggling to find the right shades for my face).

As for the budget, I'm looking at between the range of the drugstore makeup to midrange makeup.  I have not yet tried other contour products.  I've been considering to check out Urban Decay, Make Up For Ever, Too Faced, NARS, Anastasia, and MAC.   




 Yes, I think the primer is giving you trouble as well. I would recommend looking into NYX products... I love their products and they're drugstore high quality.  Look into their primers as well. 




 Okay, I will try to use less highlighter and contour. Thank you. 




 Ulta Super Blender Sponge. 




