 Don't have a twitch account, but you should do [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/319dcr/spooky_lifestealer_build/) and let us know how it goes. 




 Currently he's really weak. He's traditionally run as a mid laner that gets a level advantage and forces down towers early on in the game. However, he's an extremely weak mid laner compared to the heroes being run in mid in the current meta. I can't think off the top of my head any hero you would pick Dragon Knight specifically against. He mainly farms with his Q, however he suffers hard from lack of mana. If you run a Bottle, you need to crow it constantly or make absolutely sure that you secure every rune, else you'll get dominated. Generally you max your Q, followed by passive, taking 1 point in your stun in between, and ult at 6/11/16. 

As far as items go, Treads are core. You'll need either Bottle or Soul Ring for a long time because shit mana pool. Drums used to be great on him but I'm not sure if they're still core. BKB is essential. AC is essential. He falls off really hard after that unless you somehow manage to snowball with a bunch of kills though, because he doesn't flash farm particularly well. If you have to go late game, I'd recommend building Mjollnir and Shivas and just being a fucking massive tank in the front lines. You're not really expected to put out a ton of damage because you're not a "hard carry", but you sure as hell can take some. His passive+Shivas+AC is +42 armor. I'm actually not positive if there's some kind of armor cap on a hero, because +42 sounds a bit extreme. Even if there is, the Active is still great for your team if you don't have anyone else to build it, considering you have a built in Skadi slow at level 3 Dragon Form and I do believe they stack. Daedalus is another option so that could potentially put some damage out as well.

His niche is built around being a complete siege tank in the early game. However, after TI4 early push/deathball strats were nerfed pretty heavily so he's not really useful for anything at the moment. 




 Kind of. Oracle fits a certain lineup. She's both super aggressive and super defensive at the same time. If you have a heavy physical damage team, her W is amazing. If you're against a magic heavy lineup, it can also be super useful on an ally, keeping in mind however that it does disarm them. Her Q is insanely good too.

I've yet to really understand the mechanics of E and R though. All I do know is that I can play her, but not well enough to pick in Ranked. And that she can either be monstrously overpowered, or fuck up your entire teamfight depending on how she's handled.

edit: So after reading it, I'm assuming her E works two ways. Either as a finishing nuke for an enemy hero (great in the laning stage as it does 270 damage at level 3 with a 750 cast range) or you cast it on an ally immediately before False Promise. It's non-lethal to allies, but that's a really risky move if they're anywhere close to 360 health (level 4).

Oracle + Necro would be so fucking strong. E+R+NecroQ+Mek onto something like a Bristleback. Jesus. That combo alone is around a 1200 heal when False Promise ends if the target doesn't take any damage during it. And offensively, she has 660 magical damage from both of her nukes before resistance. Great setup for an easy Reaper's Scythe.

Also I just remembered she is a he, but I'm not fixing the typos. 




 Puck. Unfortunately not picked as often as I'd like to see, but Puck is probably my favorite hero to watch.

As for current meta heroes, probably QoP. I like watching evasive heroes that can make huge plays with spells. 




 Kappa 




  high school

Found your problem. 




 Dotabuff?

 




 It satisfies my need for competition.  




  I'm wondering what pros are using in Ghosts.

Okay.

I don't know if you were paying attention to the video, but he was spectating all 4 different players on the team throughout the match. All 4 were on at least a 7. And Fear was one of the top teams in MW2, as were Optic and nV, all who all definitely played on at least a 7. 

[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDIbiygD7lo) is a gameplay from Optic Nadeshot's perspective in BO2. at 1:16 look at how fast he does a 180. There is no way that is 3 sensitivity. Once again, it's at least a 7. 

I'm also done caring about this. 




 [Optic vs Fear in MW2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EliLUG4OYu4)

This is easily 7 sensitivity, if not higher. I'm sorry, but you're wrong.

Now if you're talking about any game newer than Black Ops 2, I wouldn't know because after BO2 I stopped buying Call of Duty games. But before that, they were on 7 or higher. 




 Dazzle is actually more of a counter to Axe than Axe to Dazzle.

Poison Touch and Shadow Wave shit on him in lane if he tries to creep skip. If he calls 3 heroes in a team fight + creeps, Shadow Wave shits on him again. Medallion of Courage is basically core on Dazzle, which is great against him. Weave buffs up the armor of your entire team, which makes his spins so much less fearsome. Force Staff is pretty core on Dazzle too, which can potentially reposition an ally away from Axe before he gets culled, allowing you to Grave and maybe get a quick heal so they'll survive, or at least longer.

The only downside is he can Ult through your Grave. Otherwise Dazzle has the upper hand by far. 




 I'm completely doing this next time I play drunk unranked. 




  in fact most good players played on less than 5 on CoD 

This is so completely wrong. I actually watched plenty of competitive Call of Duty matches, mostly nV and Team Fear, and they were all on 9-10.  

Yeah it might not translate exactly between games, but I like all of my games on high camera speed/sensitivity because it's what I've gotten used to. 




 3.5k? He sounds like a troll, which are prevalent in every bracket though. 




 Could literally be any bracket, but seeing the bristle safe lane makes me think probably 2k. 




 Agreed. Used to play Call of Duty on 9-10 sensitivity on Xbox. Use 53 on Dota2. 




 3.9k 




 A dream? 




 3k 




 This could either be really low, or really high.

My first instinct was 2.8k. 




 Your team can feed away all they want, all that means currently is you get more comeback gold when you take smart engagements after you get a couple crucial items and become unstoppable.

Even if the score is 30-5 at 30 minutes, if you show up to a team fight with a Battlefury/Manta/BKB on an Anti-Mage you're going to shit stomp them. Wait until the team fight is almost over and the enemy is chasing the last remaining player on your team, go in, burst down whoever has the biggest mana pool with your BKB active so they can't stop you, Mana Void, get Rampage. Proceed to get Butterfly and Abyssal in the next 5 minutes because you just stopped 3 Godlike streaks and go end the game essentially by yourself.

Just an example, but it's kind of what you need to do. Another tip is to always carry a TP scroll. Inevitably, at that MMR, players do not know when to back off of a team fight. You'll see them dive T2s at 15 minutes and half health to try and get that one last kill. If you TP in, that's potentially an easy triple kill and a lot of gold in your pocket. Outfarming them, smart engagements, knowing when to back off of or not enter a fight, and capitalizing on your enemies' mistakes are the key to winning in your bracket, and really every bracket as a carry. 




 Sounds like a typical 3k game to me. 




 I'm assuming you forgot to include the dotabuff link. 




 Incoming thread by said player: "Why is TA so underpowered, Valve please buff." 




 I safe carry spammed PA a few days ago and got a 10 winstreak. Went from 2.9k to 3.2k with a couple wins on different heroes in between. 




 I played mid to rise from 2.6k to 3k in essentially a weeks time (though it was largely in part to spamming Troll Warlord).

Now though, I don't consider my mid skills aren't exactly up to par with my opponents most of the time. I usually end up playing TOO safe and don't secure enough cs or don't harass their mid laner enough and lose out on the farm battle. The pressure is a bit much, and if I do die I tilt hard. So I try to avoid midding and either safe lane carry or safe lane support, roles I consider myself better at anyway. If I do have to mid, I'll pick something like QoP. Easy to cs with QoP, solo kill potential at 6 even without a rune, built in escape mechanism, and if you get a good rune you can double kill their side lanes at any level. 




 There's your problem. At that MMR, you are far better off learning a snowball hero and learning how to farm than supporting someone who can't break 20cs by 10 minutes. 




 I'm 3.2k. Give me Troll in a 1.4k game and it'll be over in 20 minutes.

As a piece of advice, learn snowball heroes and spend the first 15-20 minutes purely farming or only participating in team fights or ganks that you are positive you can get kills in without dying. Ignore your team flaming you for not helping their T2 tower dives at minute 10, they're at 1.4k for a reason. 




 I'd prefer to play with a stack over solo. Unfortunately, the only people I can stack with are real life friends who would rather use that time to practice trolling heroes/builds rather than tryhard to win. 




 You're 5k and your TA maxed Meld? How is that possible?

edit: I didn't read your second line. Maybe they were drunk.  




 Well, try and save your mid pick for 4th or 5th if possible to avoid getting hard countered, or if you do maybe their hard counter doesn't fit their lineup in which case now they're at a disadvantage after the laning stage. For example, first picking TA is essentially begging them to insta pick Viper. Or pick mid heroes that are harder to counter/natural lane dominators (Viper, Troll, Sniper are great mid laners but with the exception of Troll do have their drawbacks later in the game).

If you're ganked, you need to pay better attention to the minimap and watch what your opponent is doing. If one or two heroes are missing and he's aggressively farming/pushing out the lane, that's a good indication that he has backup near him waiting for you to get out of position. 

I'm not sure what your MMR is but I'm at 3.2k, started at 1.8k. I've yet to see the mindset change from "mid needs to gank side lanes all the time" to "I'm a support and my carry is okay, I'm going to smoke rotate mid". 

If you are ganked, don't let it phase you. You have two options, either go back to mid and secure some more cs or tp to a side lane to go for a kill. Most people expect you to do the former, so the latter could catch them off guard and net you a couple kills.  




 I'd guess 2.5k  




 We have a close enough winner, 3150 MMR. Looked at the Sniper's dotabuff, 47% winrate out of 1,000 games with over 150 abandons. Also didn't build BKB and ran MoM against 5 carries. I hate people.

Gonna have to go with 3.5k for yours.  




 This post should have been made yesterday. 




 Don't make misplays. Assume your opponent is better than you and play a bit safer, secure your cs, and only go for a kill if you secure a rune. Haste runes are almost a guaranteed kill depending on the matchup. 

If you're constantly losing mid, then you need to play a different role. 




 2k 




 After 20 minutes, QoP is pretty much all about landing her Pure Damage ult onto the carry and ideally as many other targets as possible in team fights. Aghs is core. If you can convince someone on your team to run Lina and build Aghs, that's almost 1500 damage unmitigated, going through BKB onto a single target (goodbye Troll Warlord and Sniper).

She's one of my favorite heroes to play, but I find it hard to solo win games with her as well.



 




 If the abandon was because of the ES pick, I'm assuming over 4k considering nobody is scared of an ES sub that.

Wild guess, 4.5k. 




 Just thought of a fun little idea. Obviously there are times where things are said in game, or actions performed, that either make you completely facepalm and want to euthanize the player, or shock you that they actually were able to pull off an amazing combo/feat/juke or had insight that maybe your own 9k MMR self hadn't realized before.

What about a thread where we share these snippets of conversation, gifs or scenarios and try to guess the MMR of the mentioned player(s).

I'll start. Game I just finished. Sniper mid against Death Prophet. Sniper didn't level Shrapnel until level 10. His reasoning? "Shrapnel costs too much mana, I'd rather not skill it until later." Okay. I can understand his reasoning for that at least, ignoring the fact that Shrapnel is Sniper's best skill and aside from his ultimate is the only thing you even need mana for, and that the extra points into Take Aim are useless against a DP that can farm with Q if taking too much harass, while owning a Bottle on herself to regen through it. But I gave him the benefit of the doubt even though I, and I imagine everyone with half a brain, would disagree with his choice.

Then I checked his inventory. He had a Bottle.

 "Shrapnel costs too much mana, I'd rather not skill it until later."

 Buys Bottle

Palm, meet face.

Go.
 




 Troll Warlord movespeed reduced by 10.

Eul's movespeed either reduced or removed.

Pure Damage is going to be huge in TI5, making Lina/QoP/Spectre first pick/ban every game.

 




 Because people think they're the best player on the server and carries get to be "in charge" and get the "glory" per se. 




 600 MMR more and I could potentially play with s4 smurf :o

edit: Immediately tune in and see him completely turn around a FB attempt by their mid and get it himself, followed by a Haste rune and another kill on mid within a minute. Okay s4. 




 Ah fair enough 




  Because Dota 2 is a game I would never, ever, recommend to any children younger than 15 years old.

This is why on video games with online capabilities there is a disclaimer that online play cannot be rated for any particular age group. Once somebody, in USA at least, hits age 14, they're fine to play online games in my opinion. There's nothing you'll hear in Dota, Call of Duty, Halo, WoW, etc. that you won't hear from the 18 year olds in the hallways of your high school.

 I have heard of some Hidden pool that regroups people with bad manners

There is speculation that the "Would you enjoy playing with this player again?" or whatever it is after games where you can rate them is a hidden contributor to matchmaking, but this is kind of flawed. I could be playing with the nicest guy in the world, but if he's absolute trash in the game, I don't want to play with him on my team again. So I give him 1 star. Well, that's unfortunate for the nice but trash player, because if the hidden pool affects matchmaking, and if he gets 1 star ratings often, now he's potentially going to be placed in a pool of toxic players. On the flip side, I could have an absolute asshole on my team, but if he went 25-0 and easily carried the game for us, I'd be fine with having him on my team again. 5 stars. I can mute him if I don't want to listen to his toxicity. I care more about winning.

 TL;DR: During matchmaking, instead of regrouping players with bad manners, separate them and put them in stacks of well mannered players.

There are a large number of players who never get low priority, or if they do it's because of abandons due to Internet issues or real life emergencies, not reports. Why would you want to punish players who have good manners by putting a toxic rager on their team? 




 Pings are very important in game. I'm really curious of your MMR if you have pings disabled. 




 Played against one 3.2k MMR yesterday that actually did a hell of a lot of work. http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1367360913

He fed off of my team a bit, snowballed to 13-2 and was able to get some key items while I was still farming. He picked up MKB around the same time I got my Bfly on Dusa and stuck on me the entire time in fights. The fight was basically decided by who died first, me or DK. We still ended up winning, mostly because their Troll was garbage and we outplayed them in a couple crucial fights at the end. 




 Good thing nobody balances based around ability draft. 




 I think Ursa is fine really. A buff would mean I see more Ursa junglers in my pubs.

I'm sick of Ursa junglers. 




 It's a great item for a carry if you're forced to fight before you really want to, but it's not exactly what you want to go for on most safe lane farmers.

It used to be a good utility item for offlaners and aura builders, but now for just a couple hundred gold more you can pick up a Euls and be immensely more effective. 




 My prediction is he will get some adjustments in 6.84 and be added to CM before TI5.  




 I'm sure every pro player, definitely supports, knows his mechanics and how to play him. However I can't think of anyone that is known per se for Oracle play. 




 Troll Warlord.

If you don't end the game at or before 35 minutes you're doing it wrong.

As for any earlier, you need more than one good pushing hero and good coordination on your team. But the quickest games I've won by myself have been when I snowballed Troll, took Aegis at around 14 minutes, took all of the outer towers that were still standing, waited for next Aegis around 25 minutes and then ended the game. 




 Yeah but wouldn't everyone? 




 I add the seasoning and Sriracha.  




  Who lanes ck and centaur together? 

3k Peruvians. 




  centaur + abaddon offlane

I had a fucking centaur + ck lane against me today. Jesus christ that was fucking annoying. Neither farmed well so that's a plus, and I was playing Troll so I could just cs with ranged form, but if I or my support ventured just a tiny bit too close it was nearly instant death. Reality Rift, CK stun, Centaur Stun, Double Edge. If VS wasn't close enough to stun the Centaur I was dead. If VS got caught there was nothing I could do.

Fucking brutal. 




 Using Swap to initiate is just asking for trouble in that match. Your initiation should have consisted of Moonlight Shadow with Troll and Bloodseeker going in first, and VS saving Swap to bail one of them out from a Shackleshot, Call, Eclipse or Death Ward. 

If you were being initiated upon, it could have just been good skill from the Axe to get the VS each time, but with a Blink and Force there's really no excuse for that except poor positioning. 




  Help your team out, it'd probably win you more games if you lead in game and tell your team what they should try to do.

I'm only 3k, but if there was a 4k on my team I'd probably follow his orders like a sheep to a herder. Unless he was a dick.  




 According to dota2.gamepedia: 

 Deals damage in 1 second intervals, starting immediatly upon toggling the spell on.

So does this mean you can spam your R in a faster interval than 1 second to dish out 2-4 times the damage? I can press it 6-8 times in the span of a second, that would be toggling it on, off, and on again 3-4 times. I remember people complaining about scripts being used for Pudge to toggle Rot extremely quickly and it boosted the damage of it immensely, or something of the sort. Does the same concept apply to Lesh?

Obviously that would decimate your mana pool, but a level 3 ult doing 480 damage in 1 second for 510 mana if you're able to toggle it 3 times per second? You could sustain that for 4 seconds with a 2k mana pool. That's almost 2k damage before resistance and assuming there's no BKB's in a 450 radius.

I'm assuming there's some internal cooldown or something, but I've never tested it. 




 I can't believe I'm actually saying this, but I kind of miss the Russians on US E. The Peruvians are so much fucking worse.  




 If your VS is getting caught by the Axe then they are not positioning themselves correctly.

While swap is good for initiation, it's better saved for saving your carry or important core that may have been initiated on. 

Dotabuff link? It would be easier to determine which would be better if we could see both teams. 




 1.5k MMR detected. 




 Yes, it's happened to me twice this week. A simple reconnection is all you need to fix it. 




  'we needed a female strength hero' 

muh SJW's 




 Am I the only person that didn't know up until about a month ago that you weren't supposed to drain the water out of the Ramen after you boil it? That it was actually supposed to be a soup? I mean yeah it says soup on the bag but I never left the water in there. 




 Peruvians are the worst thing about Dota 2. Russians are nothing compared to Peruvians. 




 The problem with Alchemist specifically is he gets a huge amount of net worth very quickly, that you hand right over to the enemy team due to the current comeback mechanics if you die. 

Something to keep in mind. 




 You're losing with Troll at 1.4k? Is that even possible? 




 It would be core on every hero except QoP and AM. And maybe PA. 




 I'd rather be first hit slowed than first hit bash locked. 




 Someone posted a comment a few days ago suggesting scaling the attack damage, health and armor from his Q instead of static at all levels, in addition to the -10 movespeed.

That would be enough for me. Either that or remove his bash and allow him to build Basher. Either one of those are fine by me.  




 It's happened to me twice, and I think there was a thread or two about it.  




 Ranked should be for tryharding to win the game, Unranked should be for casual/fun/practicing. That's why there is a separation. 




 http://dota2.gamepedia.com/Dispel#List_of_abilities_that_cannot_be_dispelled_by_strong_dispels 




 Troll is going to be hit with the nerf hammer. Probably in the form of his Q and I'm hoping a base movement speed reduction. Juggernaut will probably get some kind of nerf, but I'm not sure what it will entail. Axe and Sniper won't be touched. Taking a shot in the dark to say the movement speed increase from Eul's is going to be removed. Oracle will be added to CM with some slight adjustments.

Probably some more adjustments to the comeback gold mechanic. Just as nobody really liked the deathball finals, I don't think anyone is going to like the potential super turtle, lose early game but hold out for late game with 5 buybacks and rely on comeback gold because we're playing for millions of dollars, finals that this current patch has the capability of producing. 

Pure damage is going to be huge in the upcoming patch and TI5. Lina and QoP will be first pick/ban 100% of the time.  Shadow Demon is going to be top tier. Puppey Enigma is going to wreck face. I see Spectre being picked up a lot more than she is now. Even Timbersaw could see some action. 

Patch will come in the first couple weeks of May, I propose. 




 "fuk u im 500 frm blink noob no wards" 




  what you will be learning is not how to play dota, but how to play dota with severely mentally handicapped teammates.

This is so true. When I was at 2.6k, and even sometimes still at 3.2k, I'll be in a game where it's something like 30-25 at the 25 minute mark because each team is just face rushing the other and going for as many kills as possible and I'm sitting there facepalming because it's fucking retarded. 




 I've risen from [2656](http://i.imgur.com/eC5AbH0.jpg) to [3255](http://i.imgur.com/3xMsS2k.jpg) in the past week. 

The best advice I can give is to play what you're best at. For me, that seems to be carries that can go balls deep and snowball. I went 15-7 with Troll Warlord this past week, so there's +200 MMR. I'm 11-1 with PA in the past two days, so there's another +275 right there. My TW and PA win rates on this account are 68% and 71% respectively, so those are heroes that I'm good at (and Troll is OP). Compare that to Sniper, who may also be very strong right now, but only holds a 36% for me on this account. I'm not going to pick him, because I can't win games with him. 

Don't necessarily try to fill the role your team might need every game if you aren't comfortable with it. It's better to pick one hero/role and be extremely comfortable playing it than bounce around between different styles of heroes every game (until you're skilled enough to do so, but even pros stick to their designated and most comfortable role). That said however, you should learn and practice 2-4 heroes for every role in time, so that if you do need to fill the shoes of a hard support in a game because your Peruvian teammates insta picked 3 cores and a jungler, you've practiced a hero that performs this role and can play it rather than picking a 5th core and screwing over your team moreso. 

When I was at 2.6k, I would usually mid. I would also usually win mid (with Troll kappa) and my team and I would snowball from there. Now, at 3.2k, I've realized that my mid skills probably aren't up to par with some of the people I'll be facing. So instead, I play a safe carry that I know like the back of my hand (PA) and perform well in a role I'm comfortable with, or play a safe lane support that I'm comfortable with (Lion usually) since I also know how to properly pull creep waves (something that I've yet to find people knowing on a consistent basis at my current MMR, seriously if you're going to support you need to know how to properly pull or you're just going to screw over your carry) and allow our safe lane to completely deny their offlane. 

Another tip: take smart engagements. If you aren't ready to fight, don't let your team bait you into taking a stupid fight. If you're 200g off of your BKB, don't take a fight. If your Chronosphere is on cooldown for another 60 seconds, don't take a fight. And if you're playing carry, farming for your first big items is more important than assisting your team that will inevitably start running at the enemy team after the laning stage because they don't actually know how to play and think because the first tower fell it's time to stop farming and start fighting. The biggest thing I'm noticing as I rise in MMR is that there are less and less people that fight before they're ready. This is why you learn 10 or so specific heroes. You'll know when you're ready to take a fight because you've played that hero 20 times and it's essentially instinct. 

Also, it's generally easier to win the game as a snowballing carry if you truly do outskill the rest of your server. But I've won games where my support play was essentially the only thing keeping us in it until our mediocre carry finally got the farm to come online. I'd practice carries and focus on practicing last hits and learning farming mechanics first. That's something you need to know regardless of what hero you play. Every hero needs gold.

Hope this helps. 




 I wouldn't know. I insta lock NP, afk cliff jungle, alt tab and watch a tournament vod until the games over. 




 Absolutely. Are you 1k MMR or something? 




 Yeah I know to max Dagger, that's a given. I've been laning against some stupid combos in my recent games so I occasionally need the reduced cooldown on Blink Strike to be able to escape.  




 Maxing Blur is better than Blink Strike? I always put a value point in, but usually at that stage it's magic burst that takes me down, not right clicks. And by that point I have enough mana sustain to be able to Blink Strike creeps in the jungle to burst them down faster, and I can blink around in a team fight for more damage. 




  The pms aquila drums treads and helm

I skipped over RoA and Drums because I definitely don't cs as well as him in lane and getting both of those would delay me too much, but yeah essentially. edit: Hm. Actually just looked it up and I thought 70 cs at 10 was the benchmark, I usually get 50-55 as PA, but apparently 70 is like god tier or something, so maybe I'll try grabbing these and see what happens.

 taking active fights constantly whenever you see the chance,

What's cool about low 3k is that pretty much during minutes 10-15 the rest of the server is off fighting somewhere else on the map, allowing me to essentially free farm the safe lane and jungle for the next 10 minutes. I always keep a TP scroll so if a fights going down near a tower I can rotate in and assist (generally at the end to get a couple clean up kills) but if they're at an enemy T2 or in their jungle or something they're on their own until I get my items. 




 I still think Axe is too strong. I hope he gets any kind of nerf in 6.84, I don't really care what it is but no hero should be able to creep cut your safe lane at level 2 and walk away potentially doing more damage to you than what he took. If he's solo. If you have an Axe +1 offlane you're just fucked. 




 Surprised you didn't get shrekd by a Lina ult every time you jumped in. 

Very High Skill but their Huskar only has a Blink Dagger what 




 The theory goes that if you're a 5-6k player you will get there regardless of what role you play. Your average player isn't going to magically jump to 6k by picking solo offlane.

That said, there are definitely heroes you can pick to control the tempo of the game/turn the *tide* of a team fight.^^huehue

Clockwerk is one that comes to mind. Tidehunter. Axe can definitely take over a game. Batrider. Even something like a Nyx, currently completely out of the meta though, can be a huge factor in winning the early game with successful rotations once you get Vendetta up. Brood is another hero, provided you don't get hard countered, that can easily win a game by herself if left to her own devices. 




  ~~HoD~~ HotD 




 So I've been spam picking PA over the past few days. Was 1-4 on this account prior to a couple days ago. I've won 10 straight, am 11-4 now. Currently sitting at 3229 MMR. 

Curious to see some of your thoughts and builds on this hero in the current meta. What I've been doing is going PMS  Treads  HotD  Basher  BKB/Abyssal depending on which I need first, and then I'm pretty much snowballing with an Aegis and the games over. If not, I either finish Satanic if I'm not surviving or grab an MKB to essentially one shot them upon blinking in. It seems like the Battlefury PA is a thing of the past or highly situational. If I get to the point where I need to be fully slotted, I expect I'd go BoTs, Abyssal, Satanic, BKB, Skadi, MKB. Is this correct? 

Surprised to see she's not picked more often in competitive by a team other than Secret rarely for Arteezy. She's a hard counter to Sniper, she has the capabilities to man fight a Troll Warlord because he doesn't really want to build a MKB before SnY/BKB/Skadi and you can Abyssal him during his ult. I believe you can blink out of Juggernaut ult provided you have a target. Basically shits on every support. And you don't even need a ton of farm to come online. You can get easy kills at 6 with a support and a crit, even moreso at 11 with your Basher. 

dotabuff if anyone cares: http://www.dotabuff.com/players/206703220

The 9 I played in the last two days are in latest matches. The two outliers involved needing to buyback 3 times to save our base from being taken by Troll and PL in the 7/9/27 so my farm was atrocious, and in the 1/12/10 I was drunker than shit. Space created.

Also relevant flair.

edit: Well the streak had to end some time. I swear to god if I see one more fucking jungle juggernaut losing me a game I'm going to stab someone. I don't know whose idea that was, but it's fucking retarded. 




 Never played LoL but I looked up the skills of the hero. Your 3 typical full time jungle supports in Dota are Enchantress, Chen and Enigma. All 3 require heavy use of micro'ing to be played properly (if I see another Midas rush Enchantress in my jungle I'm going to cry). If that's not your style, avoid them.

Alternatively, Sand King is a strong jungler after a few levels in the lane that could appeal to you. 




 Why would you max Battle Hunger before Counter Helix? It's easily his least useful skill. 




  It is an untapped resource in most pub matches sadly.

Not sure what MMR bracket you're in, but there are constantly LCs, Ursas and Axes jungling in my 3k games. Throw the occasional Bloodseeker and Juggernaut in there too. 




 If you don't micro your eidolons properly they'll all die before any of them replicate, making it essentially worthless. It takes a level of skill that I doubt a beginning jungler would have. 




 You're wrong. 




 They were building into a Basher too. Theorycrafting that the ghosts from her ultimate, being a physical damage source, could proc bashes perhaps? 

...oh my god that would be overpowered.  




  Has anyone bought a TP at all this game?

 -I have once

My sides. 




 Force Staff is stupid, Mjollnir...eh it's not stupid but also not really the best.

The key component you're missing is Abyssal Blade. I don't think Vlads and Heart are necessary, in my opinion you should replace Vlads with the Heart.

6 slotted Ursa in my opinion should be BoTs, Abyssal, BKB, Blink, Skadi, Butterfly/Heart/MKB.

Butterfly if you're going against physical damage dealers that don't want to build MKB, Heart if you're going against a lot of magic or physical damage dealers that tend to build MKB, or if there's already evasion on your team that they need MKB for. If you need MKB yourself, I'd replace the Butterfly with it.

The general consensus is that Skadi is superior to Heart at the moment, however Heart has good synergy with your ultimate. It's kind of up to you at that point.
 




 Number 1 thing at 1k MMR: Do not listen to your teammates. Do not rely on your teammates.

I don't want this to sound too mean, but you, and everyone on your teams, are probably worse than the average player. If you are playing Spectre and it's 15 minutes in, you don't have your Radiance (old build, just using an example) and you're being flamed for farming instead of fighting, mute him and continue farming. If you're playing a farming carry your number one priority is to get your items. That doesn't mean fully 6 slotted, but items that allow you to fight with an advantage over the other team. This means you need to practice last hitting in bot matches. In 1k I doubt most people even get 25 cs by 10 minutes. If you can hit 55, you're already at something like a 1500 gold lead over your counterpart (rough guesstimate). That's almost a full item. 

What I would recommend is picking one carry that you're best with. I wouldn't necessarily recommend Spectre because he's not that strong right now and a little too heavy late game for what you should be looking for. Troll Warlord, Juggernaut, Slark, Bloodseeker, Phantom Assassin are all heroes that require a bit less farm, can be useful in smart engagements earlier on, and can take over a game if allowed to snowball. They also can move into the jungle to farm, providing you safety from being seen on the mini map assuming the opposing team doesn't have wards and probably won't come looking for you too often. Pick one, and pick it every game. Learn the mechanics of the hero, and learn the mechanics of farming. That will give you a huge edge over your opponent, who will probably just try to run at you after the 10 minute mark. Farm up a couple crucial items, then go find pick offs on heroes that are farming too aggressively.

Supporting most likely isn't going to get you out of 1k. Learn a carry, learn what every item does and its interactions with your carry and *why* it's a good item for your carry, learn to farm and outfarm the enemy team. Generally in your bracket, it won't matter which player may be a bit more skilled, if you have Phase/BKB/Basher while they're sitting on brown boots and a mask of madness, you're going to crush them. And generally in your bracket, the rest of your team will follow the strongest hero. If that's you, then lead them to victory.

 




 Troll Warlord is easy win unless you're mentally handicapped or get heavily dominated early. People keep saying Sniper is OP but I really disagree. He's just annoying. If you see a Sniper pick just pick PA for yourself and crit him for 2k when he builds MoM. It's not hard. 




 I play Dota because I have an inner need for competition. I've always loved playing sports and pitting my skills against another to see who is better, and Dota is no different. It seems weird to say, but I don't play Dota for fun necessarily. I play it to win. So yeah I take the game seriously. If I want to play a game for fun I play something single player that doesn't involve other people. Does that mean I'm a tryhard, micromanager and flamer some of the time? Yeah it happens. If you're playing like a noob I'm going to tell you you're playing like a noob. If you're fucking up I'm gonna tell you that you're fucking up. I could work on being nicer about it I suppose, but I digress.

The toxicity will never end. It's been in online games long before Dota and will continue long past it. The only thing you can do is play your best, and if you lose because of an intentional feeder, just brush it off and play your next game like it didn't happen. 




 Phase  MoM  Mjollnir  Abyssal  Skadi would be how I assume this would work. 




  since the /r/Dota2 subscribers are notorious for being reasonable and level-headed people.

All of my lols. 

This was good. 




 Tinker has Rearm though. A 5 sec BKB only gets you out of 1 Laser.

It's 1.5k MMR so I doubt it, but you never know. 




  Support counter-picks don't matter.

Kappa.

 




 This is probably a joke.

If it's not, that guy's a fucking idiot. 




 Watch your replays. Find your mistakes and analyze them. Figure out what you did wrong in that situation and remember it, so when that situation inevitably arises again, you know what NOT to do. 

Were you solo attacking an enemy T2 with 4 heroes missing, and got ganked and died? Yeah don't do that. Did you continue trying to take T3's after 2 of the enemies bought back, and you died? Probably not the best idea. Did you kill steal with Lion ult on a Crystal Maiden that was at 100 health instead of saving it for the full health Phantom Assassin that was on his way in? Pretty noob move right there.

A huge thing is knowing when to be aggressive, and when to back off. When to farm, and when to fight. A part of this is also the "save your friend syndrome". If your teammate got himself into a stupid situation and is about to die, unless you're completely positive that your contribution will either save his life, or get return kills while not sacrificing your own life, then go for it. If you're not completely positive, it's best to run away and lose one hero instead of losing two. On the flip side of that, if you see 3 heroes clumped together and you're playing Axe with your team beside you, Blink right on them and be the initiator you're supposed to be. 

TL;DR: Watch your replays, figure out what you do correctly and incorrectly and adjust your playing habits accordingly.
 




 Those are great ideas, but achievements would ruin the game. 

Right now, the objective is to win. And that's how it should be. There is no way in hell I'm supporting something where a teammate denies my Aegis because "I'm only 1 away from the Achievement." or something similar.

It's bad enough I get stuck with people playing Shadow Demon or Kunkka for the first time because it's their turn in the All Hero Challenge and proceed to fuck up every team fight.

If they were to implement it, my only request would be that Ranked Matches do not count towards Achievements. That way you could use Unranked to farm achievements if you were so inclined. 




 http://www.dotabuff.com/personality/eyJwbGF5ZXJfaWQiOjIwNjcwMzIyMCwiYSI6NCwidCI6NCwiYyI6MywiaSI6MiwiZCI6MSwiaCI6Mn0=

This is accurate. 




 I don't know, I've risen from 2.6-3.2k this past week and haven't been flamed for farming when I "should" be fighting. It's better for you that they're fighting across the map instead of repeatedly trying to gank you. Even if your team is losing, if you get some key items and take smart engagements with your team later, the comeback gold you can get skyrockets you basically back to even.

If you come out of nowhere with a Basher/BKB when they thought you had as shit farm as the rest of your team, you're going to do some heavy damage. The surprise factor and a couple seconds of hesitation from the enemy is sometimes all you need to quickly win a fight. 

That being said, if you're not farming quickly, then you're useless. What I've noticed in 2k is that the majority of players stop farming around 12 minutes and start running at you whenever they see you. At that point, whoever had more cs or kills in the laning stage is usually going to come out on top in fights. A lot of people in this bracket don't realize that certain heroes need more farm to be more effective than others. A level 6 Anti Mage does not have the same impact as a level 6 Bloodseeker, for example. 

It does take some experience to know when the proper time to enter a fight is. Usually, it isn't when the Peruvian is spam pinging you because he ran head first into 3 heroes and died.

edit: Generally a good time to take a fight is right after a big item pick up. Just bought a fresh BKB? Take a fight. Just finished Abyssal? Take a fight. It's hard to coordinate smoke ganks in 2k because most of the players don't even know Smoke exists, but that's what you need to do. Also, taking Roshan. There are many heroes that with certain items can solo Roshan (Troll with HoD, level 11 and an Alpha Wolf / PA with level 11 HoD and Basher / AM with...I don't remember but you get the point). Use this to your advantage, smoke in and do it solo, and then translate that into tower pushes. A quick tip if you're playing an illusion hero, or have a Manta Style: your illusions will disappear upon attacking Roshan, but not upon being attacked. Go into the pit, position your illusions in front of him but make sure not to command them to attack him. Attack him with your hero and back up. Your illusions will then tank the damage. Use this to your advantage. 




 I saw that, but it's not like it's a bad pickup on PA without evasion on the other team. Getting it before Abyssal is definitely questionable though.

edit: Just looked again, it was most likely to avoid Tinker's Laser miss chance. 




  However, I cannot stop my team from fighting when I'm in no condition to fight yet.

This is unfortunately an unwinnable battle. If they cry that you're not participating, go participate. You'll die, and they'll flame you for not being able to carry. If you ignore them and keep farming, they'll flame you for farming when you need to fight.

You know the real answer. Keep farming until you have the items necessary to be able to fight. Or, do what I do, and TP in at the very end of the fight to get a triple kill clean up crew style and get flamed for kill stealing and not being there from the beginning.

 




 Kotl is nothing but food for the current meta heroes. 




 Ghost Scepter. 




 Add Abaddon and CM to the list. Abaddon because of heal and shield, and CM allows PA to dagger from range without worrying about using all of her mana pool, while also providing her Freeze if enemies decide to go on you. 




  We need wards.

 We need wards.

 We need wards.

 We need wards.

 We need wards.

 We need wards.

 We need wards.

 We need wards. 




 Just report lifestealer and move on. Nothing you can do. The community will always be toxic. 




 This was completely not worthy of a thread.  




 So I can be yelled at more often for not buying wards as a solo support when the 4 insta pick carries are farming each lane past the river and our jungle? No thanks. 




