 Hi, I'm worried about my GPA currently and my schedule for the coming years. I was hoping that some of you could assess them in consideration of the colleges I hope to attend. 

Freshman Year: 
Biology, Geometry, Lit/Writ, Electronics 1, PE 9, Spanish 1, Art 1 
4.0 GPA 

Sophomore Year: (Current Year 2014 - 2015)
Chemistry, Dance, Spanish 2, World Core Literature, World Core History. For math, I was originally taking the advanced Alg 2/Trig course, but dropped down to Alg 2 due to a familial crisis that affected me more than I care to admit. I'm worried that I should have taken Chem Honors and Alg 2/Trig and stuck with them even if I got a B or lower in them. Is this correct in reasoning?
3.7 GPA 1st semester, probably looking at a 4.0 2nd semester 

Junior Year: (Next Year's Schedule, that I still have time to change)
Physics H (this class is considered to be changed to AP, and rarely do students get A's), Math Analysis, Honors American Literature, Reg. U.S. History, Java, Spanish 3, and if I'm lucky in scheduling, I might get Engineering and Technology.
I feel like this load will be challenging enough for me (I struggle every bit of the way in my classes). But, I'm worried that I should change Reg. U.S. History to APUSH and drop to Reg. American Lit. Only problem is, I genuinely like literature and it will be my most fun class. Is it worth it?

Senior Year: 
Physics AP-C Mech., AP Calc AB, Spanish 4 H, AP Lit, Reg. Econ and Govt., AP Comp. Sci.

In total, I pretty much am only taking 4 AP classes in my whole high school career. My school is recognized as a competitive and academically rigorous school, but I wonder if that will matter much. Did I make a mistake from the beginning in scheduling?

I would like to be an engineer, focusing on Aerospace/Aeronautical engineering. Or, I would like to go towards physics. 
But because I dropped down to Alg 2/Trig, I am forced to take the route to Calc AB, which doesn't cover enough calculus to start college with a physics/engineering major (or so I'm told). 

I would like to go to MIT, CalTech, UC Berkeley, UofM-Ann Arbor, University of Illinois- Urbana-Champaign. Would you say this schedule is what colleges would like?

Thank you in advance for your consideration and replies. I appreciate it. 




 I have the option of going to a middle college program for Junior and Senior year that's pretty selective (I guess, 15 students out of 100 that apply?), where I would be taking college level courses for high school credits. It's different from finishing high school with some sort of passing test and going on to community college, it's more of a well-connected program at a community college that partners with my district's high school to give this opportunity. Only some of the credits transfer, sometimes not at all if it's regarding private school, but that's not really my concern - I might take the option because it would allow me to get to college level Calculus and Physics, which I wouldn't have the option of doing at my regular high school. 

What would colleges think of this? Would they rather have me stay in public high school? 




