 It sounds like your skin is dehydrated if it's producing that much oil. I would definitely make sure you are moisturizing and wearing sunscreen. 

Take a look at the sidebar and some product recommendations. When I first started I got a basic cleanser, a moisturizer, and a sunscreen. I made sure to take my makeup off, then switched my pillow cases more frequently. Then I added other products in slowly. You just have to be patient! I know it sucks because you are used to clear skin. 

If youve got any questions about specific products just ask in the routine threads, and be sure to patch test and introduce new products one at a time.  




 I went vegan for about 6 months, did not notice any change in my skin. I also did keto for about 6 months, and no change in my skin (no carbs). 

So I personally didn't benefit from a dietary change, but it could be worth trying.  




 Yes, those look like closed comedones to me. What's your current routine?  




 Yay! I'm glad I can help someone else out, even though I myself am pretty depressed. Depression is very lonely.

I like your description of depression. And then people ask you, why don't you just stand up? My SO has been upsetting me lately saying things like, "You create your own happiness." I feel like chemically my body can't do that sometimes. 

I read a quote once that said depression is like going into the woods and initially you can see out of it, you just go back the way you came. But go forward a few steps more and soon you don't know where you came in from and you're wandering around for a long time lost in these woods. And you don't know what direction you should turn, and it feels like every step you take you're more lost and alone. It was a really beautiful quote and I wish I could find it but that rings very true for me. I have to remind myself that it IS very chemical at its core, and that I'm not lazy or stupid or I don't try hard enough. What I actually like most about the metaphor is that when you're in the woods and you're lost there is a lot to learn if you just look around and experience it. 

And I really do feel like skincare and emotional health are very intertwined. Acne and other skin issues can wreck your self-esteem. So I think a lot of people on here are depressed, maybe even because of their skin. So I think it's related!

Today I stayed in my PJs because I'm feeling slightly under the weather (I actually do have a cold, haha), but also a little depressed. I ended up doing my OCM routine with sunflower oil and I remembered how good it feels. And if you haven't experienced a sheet mask you're missing out! They feel so wonderful, and the perfect pick me up for my sad days. 

I'm glad you're okay! I'm okay too :) 




 Wow I could totally use that!  




 Awesome, thanks!  




 That's an amazing idea. Thank you!  




 So I have had my ears pierced in the past but they were constantly infected no matter what I did, so I let them close. I'd still like earrings, but I'm too chicken to deal with the needle and I think I'd still have the issue of irritation. 

Is there any place that sells cute clip ons? Preferably ones that don't make it obvious you are wearing clip ons? Do these exist? I only know of earrings like that for young girls. 

Any help is appreciated. Thanks! 




 I would check out the beginner routines in the sidebar for more info. 

It depends in when you shower. I tend to shower before I go to bed, so I wash my face with oil to remove dirt and makeup, then I go in with a cerave foaming cleanser. You can get cleanser recommendations in the sidebar. I personally really like my cerave foaming cleanser. 

If you mean bar soap, no, you should not cleanse with that. Like I said there are recs in yeh sidebar depending on skin type! After that, apply the spot treatment and then wait for it to dry, then apply moisturizer.  




 So I don't have curly hair, but I assume it's still healthier? I just chemically treated my hair so I want to keep it as healthy as possible and I do wrap my head in a towel.  




 No I can't buy anymore!! I already have an unopened box of stridex pads but they're so cheap.  




 It's possibly your toothpaste. Most toothpastes have sodium lauryl sulfate in them which can cause breakouts. Switching to a toothpaste like Sensodyne or another brand without SLS could fix the issue.  




 Why the t-shirt instead of the towel? Is a towel too rough?  




 I have heard loofahs don't really exfoliate that well. I use exfoliating gloves I found at Walgreens. I know The Body Shop sells some nice ones on Amazon. I like the gloves because it gives me lots of control. 

But I also second the Korean exfoliating towel, that is highly recommended! 

AmLactin is great! It really helped my bumps. Right now I'm testing out the Cerave SA Repair Lotion and it's working nicely too, but it's a bit expensive at 20 bucks a tub. I might go back to AmLactin but it is a bit smelly haha! 

Oh, and as far as general tips, I like to keep my skin very moisturized, so along with a medicated lotion like the AmLactin I use fragrance free vaseline intensive care lotion. I moisturize twice a day, once with each type of lotion. 

[Here](http://youtu.be/KTX542IdCjM) is a fantastic video on treatment for KP!  




 I'm sorry you got kicked out. Is there anyone who could go to the house to pick those things up for you? 

I am going to take this as a lesson, always keep a nice sheet mask in my purse so just in case I get stuck without my skin care products I can still feel fabulous!  




 I have struggled with depression for a while as well. Yes, it could be worse. But, it's bad for you right now, and that's okay. I think when we're in the midst of a bad rut of depression we run through a list of things to say to ourselves that end up making us feel worse. It's okay to feel depressed and to not wash your face or your clothes. Its okay to just be, honestly. 

I try to think of my depression as an illness, which, I guess it is, but more like when I have a cold or the flu. When I have the flu, I probably don't go through my whole morning routine. I probably don't wash my face, or change my clothes. I just relax. I lay in bed, watch movies, and allow my body to heal. Also, I forgive my body for getting sick, because it happens. And I ride it out, because I know it has an end. 

The same is true for your depression. It can feel endless, but give yourself time to heal. Forgive yourself. And your body, since there are a lot of physical sensations with depression. Don't feel guilty about skipping your regular routine. I am a big believer in that if you are good to yourself, especially emotionally, you will heal that much faster and be ready to face your routine again a lot faster. But if you feel guilt about that pause in your life, then healing takes a lot longer and you end up in a cycle of self hate. At least, I know I do! 
So relax. It's normal to have these feelings and it's okay. And your depression does have an end. You don't need to force yourself to do anything. I hope you have loved ones around you who can help you, but it sounds like you do.  




 Hm, that hasn't ever happened to me. Have you tried cleansing and then using a clay mask or the mint julep? That might help loosen the oil a bit more. Then you can do the oil massage after. That has helped me in the past!  




 I have been on my routine for a few weeks now with minor changes and additions, and my skin is definitely improving. However, I still get pimples. Not bad ones at all, but I generally have at least one active pimple at any time. 

Does that mean my routine isn't as good as it could be? What should my goal be with my skin? 100% clear? Or just some improvement? 

And if I only get a pimple here and there, that doesn't mean a product is breaking me out, correct? Because that's pretty consistent with what my skin was like before. 

Is there anything I can add to my routine to prevent these pimples? It's possibly hormonal because I always get one painful pimple before my period. 

My routine is mornings, rinse my face, Thayers witch hazel, apply an SA 2% lotion, wait, apply benton snail bee essence, then apply BP 10% to spots, wait, apply cerave moisturizer, then sunscreen. 

Night I remove makeup, ocm with sunflower oil, cleanse with cerave foaming, witch hazel, alpha hydrox glycolic acid 10%, wait, occasional sheet mask, then snail bee, then the BP, wait, then I moisturize with cerave mixed with a bit of neem oil, then sometimes vaseline. 

One last question, I know my BP concentration is quite high. Could this be causing irritation and lead to more pimples? Or is that not possible? 

Thank you guys!!  




 Yay! I totally feel the same. I have depression and anxiety and though I am on medication taking my own steps to better myself has helped a lot. 

And, as a bonus, when I'm really depressed and don't want to get out of bed, my skincare routine makes me want to!  




 I feel like it warranted it's own post. I really relate to it!  




 Your skin looks great!  




 Pretty much every time I wash my hands I use moisturizer. I carry some with me at all times. My hands are super smooth even now and I live in a cold climate. 

What I do at night is moisturize with lotion and then rub some vaseline on my knuckles to keep the moisture in. 

I got these Eucerin hand creams that I keep in my purse, they were half off at Walgreens! I prefer lotions that are fragrance free so Eucerin or Vaseline are good brands.  




 I actually use a cream that has 10% BP. My skin has been ok on it, sometimes it gets itchy and red, so I make sure to only put it on blemishes and wait for it to dry (10-15 minutes) before moving on to moisturizer. 

I would try it out so you don't waste money on something new. If your skin can tolerate it use it, but there isn't evidence to suggest that 10% BP is better than 2.5% or 5%. If your skin gets irritated I would switch to a 2.5% formula.  




 Eep it's still on sale!!! I'm gonna have to start a no buy after this lol.  




 This is amazing and hilarious!  




 Oo where'd you buy the OST serum from? It's next up on my buy list but I want to find it at a decent price.  




 I bought my Aztec clay from Amazon, I got a two pound tub for like 16 bucks! And the only ingredient in it is clay. The mint julep has spearmint which can be too tingly and painful for some.  




 Ugggh no I don't need any more sheet masks but also I kind of need more. MBD is amazing, my favorite is the black pearl one and the Aloe one!  




 How often do you change your bed sheets or wash your bras? 

I would use a spot treatment on it like SA or BP. Stridex pads were recommended and those would work well if you had someone to swipe it on your back! I would also make sure to keep your back clean and keep clothes clean.  




 Yes, it could very well be the Cetaphil. I would try to find a moisturizer without any fatty alcohols as these can be comedogenic. Look out for cetyl alcohol. If you need recommendations I would try searching fatty alcohols in the search bar in this subreddit, first result was moisturizer recs. I would link but I'm on mobile! 

Good luck! It could be a bunch of different factors too, hormones, excessive dryness, another product... Just keep experimenting. Skin is fickle. I'd try looking on Amazon for cheaper prices on skincare products!  




 And you will notice your acne more than anyone else! What you see in the mirror really isn't what other people see.  




 I agree with trying the Gold Bonds rough and bumpy, I went through two tubs of that stuff, it smells great. 

Right now I'm trying the Cerave SA repair cream with 2% salicylic acid. It's working great! I'll apply that about every other day, then use a fragrance free body lotion, right now I'm using vaseline intensive care at least once a day. 

Also, I use exfoliating gloves to physically exfoliate my body. You might want to check out /r/ladyshavers for some tips on shaving. I personally switched to a double edge razor and I use a fresh blade very frequently. I also find if I use mineral oil to shave my legs are quite a bit smoother. 

Good luck! 




 You could pick up some lens cleaner that's made for the glasses so they don't lose their color. That's all I can think of. Maybe ask at a glasses store?  




 Since you seem to know a lot about cats, my cat who is an older female is going to be merging households with two younger male cats. Do I do the whole separate the in separate rooms thing? How do I know what cat is the dominant one or not? My kitty has lived with me by herself for a while and she isn't used to other cats so I don't want it to be super traumatic.  




 She shaved them off completely it looks like, and drew them in like that!  




 Absolutely. I would look for a cream that has 2.5% BP in it, as anything higher than that is too drying and possibly irritating to the skin, especially if you have never used BP before. I found a 2.5% BP cream at Walgreens, I believe it was a Walgreens brand actually. 

A lot of people have success with the Tea Tree Oil spot treatment from Burt's Bees, which is also a drugstore item, but I find the alcohol in it way too drying and it burns my face.  




 I need to do this, or learn some discipline. I have so many products that I haven't used up yet. But seriously getting a package full of asian beauty products is literally the best thing ever. 




 Okay, so now I'm looking on ebay and buying ALL THE SHEET MASKS. Why are they so cheap? Why are there so many? I want them all. I seriously think I'm going to buy a ton and keep them in my purse to give to family and friends.  




 Oo that's true! I've heard that one before. I think that's so strange because for me the act of spending time putting on makeup is so meditative. It really calms me down and since it's a routine it helps set me in the right mood. I really feel off during the day if I don't have makeup on and I don't think it's just because I look different - my brain likes routine haha. Honestly I would encourage people, men included, to spend more time on themselves with things like makeup or skincare because it just feels nice.  




 LOL that is a hilarious image, and it's so true! My SO currently will just be like, do you want to have sex? I told him maybe he should try being romantic, and he tried really hard and it was super, super cute. He even said, "I'm trying to romance you." I laughed so hard. The fact that he tried was adorable. I think it's the effort that matters, and when a woman says she isn't in the mood it's like a cue saying, hey, be more romantic or caring! We should definitely communicate better too though.  




 Okay, thanks for the info! I'll try it and see how it goes. 




 Dude you can't get so worked up over what some idiots said on the Internet.  




 I think it's a cultural thing because I do see that in the media. But I think what's worse is making women who don't wear makeup out to be socially inept unhygienic weirdos. Or the stereotype that if you like makeup you must like all other girly stuff. I mean I'm obsessed with makeup but that doesn't mean I'm a huge gossip who watches the kardashians nonstop.  




 Those are so amazing. I love the candida one lmao, in the description it says "a great gift for someone prone to yeast infections." I'm sure that would go over well!  




 I want all of them.  




 I love black lipstick on people. It looks so awesome. I like to compliment people wearing bolder colors because they're braver than me haha.  




 My dad says this shit. And my ex-husband would get pissed if I put on makeup before going out with friends, because he was a jealous douche who thought I must be trying to look good for other guys. Good riddance to that relationship.  




 OK maybe I am just lucky, but I have never had anyone tell me I'm vain for being into makeup. If I talk about it they're like oh that's cool. Guys and girls. The only time I hear people talking shit about girls in makeup is on Reddit. 

I did have to argue with my dad about how no, I don't wear makeup just to impress dudes. But that's about it.  




 Yeah I think people are taking it way too seriously.  




 Awesome! I was considering adding TTO to my routine. Are you going to combine them in a bottle? I wonder if I should pick up a dropper bottle thing to combine the two.  




 That's awesome! My parents are 13 years apart and they have a great marriage. I really think it works. My mom always jokes and says my dad is really immature which is why their marriage has worked out haha. I think they just both have similar goals, they're both hard workers, and they support each other. Age really doesn't matter! 

Edit: That reminds me of the time some guy was hitting on my mom and asked if my dad was her uncle. My dad was like what the hell! It was hilarious.  




 When I was married I eventually started to hate sex. I saw it as a huge chore. Honestly I'm not sure why. I think I just wasn't attracted to him anymore and we really just got married too young and it was time to end things. With my SO now I LOVE sex and I want it all the time. I have never been as attracted to someone as my SO, it's insane.

I do feel like it's very, very important to me to have a stable emotionally intimate relationship with someone to properly enjoy sex. Maybe with those women they aren't feeling as emotionally satisfied and so don't enjoy sex as much. It's a give and take and I think a lot of relationships fail because they aren't communicating their needs properly. Thankfully I have learned from my mistakes in that regard and have a more fulfilling relationship now! 




 I do enjoy it, but usually if it's on a weekly basis. I just can't think of things to say every day. My mom and I will usually call each other once a week and can chat for an hour or so. But my grandma calls my mom EVERY DAY and drives my mom insane. Then she will call my aunt and talk about the same stuff! She is retired though so she's probably crazy bored! 




 I love it when my SO "caters" to me. When he opens doors for me, or buys me something nice, or helps me carry things. I love it! It makes me feel really special and wanted and loved. But I would never, ever demand those things from him. At that point, he wouldn't be doing it because he loved me, but because it's expected of him. And I wouldn't want that. 

Also, he's the kind of person who would make multiple trips to take groceries in (seriously what the fuck) and so I'm always carrying like 50 bags to his 2 and people make comments. But fuck them! I'm not spending twenty minutes taking groceries in man! 




 Okay, so I had a friend who would literally fuck anything that moved, and would probably have sex with at least 3 different guys a week. Whatever, I didn't care and didn't judge her for it. But every single time she did this, she would be like, "Oh my god I don't know what's wrong with me, I'm not usually like this. I am usually really classy and want guys to take me out on a few dates first." Like LADY I KNOW YOU. You like to get laid, just accept it and move on. 

She did admit to me later on that she probably had a sex addiction, which totally makes sense why she would try to cover that up by acting like all of the hookups were just a one time thing. And it's possible she would say those things as a defense mechanism so girls wouldn't call her slutty. Funny thing is she would call other girls slutty and was really upset with me when I told her I slept with a dude on the first night.  




 I think that's really true, as sad as it is. 




 I just met my friend's new girlfriend and literally one of the first things she said to me was, "I don't get along with other girls." Like what the fuck? Bitch I don't even know you, and already you're like, I'm not going to get along with you. I really feel like those types of girls are just really insecure.  




 I really hate shopping too, but I have a lot of anxiety in places like malls because malls never have any WINDOWS. What is up with that? Then I feel really claustrophobic. 

I second the spending my money on booze! 




 Oh god that's how my mom is too! I love her and I am super poor and she buys me clothes and that's awesome but dear god woman I can't handle all day shopping trips.  




 I think it's sweet when my SO comes along with me to try on clothes. He is super bored and clearly irritated but he does it anyway! And then he gets to tell me what looks good or not. He's actually more annoying than me when he tries on clothes so I have to put up with the same shit! And he takes longer than me too! 




 Okay, so my mom is a huge gossiper and I have attempted to avoid gossiping because I don't ever want to be mean to anyone and I couldn't stand the thought of someone gossiping about me, but it is seriously a huge way of connecting and bonding with another person. I know that sounds super shitty and it IS, but it is legitimately a way to become closer friends with someone. 

I try to balance it out by just participating in the conversation and not technically gossiping or being bitchy. For example, my mom was gossiping to me about her friend who has a PAIN KILLER ADDICTION and was like oh my god she's so messed up. And I'm like, wow, she must be going through a really tough time and needs a friend. I don't know...it's shitty but I do feel pressured into talking shit about people with certain girls just to fit in, even though I'm in my 20s. But I try to work around it! 




 That isn't true at all. My mom is the biggest gossiper I know and runs a successful business. So...she has real responsibilities, but she likes to gossip. To be fair my dad is the second biggest gossiper I know but he doesn't get as much shit for it for some reason.  




 This happened to me in middle school except it was the opposite, girls would literally slut shame other girls if they used tampons...because then you weren't a virgin anymore. Like what?  




 Because usually girls want to chat in the bathroom and it's kind of a nice break. Especially because you can talk about things in the bathroom that you couldn't out in the restaurant or bar. I used to hate it but now I see it as a nice opportunity to become closer friends with someone. Is a girl inviting me to go to the bathroom with her? Oh damn, she must think I'm really cool. So turning down that invite is kind of like saying you don't want to be friends. 




 Honestly I have dumbed myself down in front of a lot of people, not just guys, especially if they have that kind of abrasive personality where they want to argue with you about everything. Basically, if they see you talking about intelligent things and then try to debate you on things and "test" your knowledge. I feel like this is more common when I'm talking with guys. So I dumb myself down because when I'm out at a bar I want to talk about dumb shit and not prove my intelligence to some twat.  




 Haha oh god. I usually go crazy with the BP. My face really cannot tolerate more than one application of that stuff per day but I bring a tube with me during the day and keep applying it, and then my face gets super itchy and one day I ended up rubbing my eyes and must have still had some BP on my hands and my eyes were SO PUFFY it was disgusting. So that experience has helped me tone it down a little... 




 Yes, that's totally fine. A lot of people find washing twice a day is too drying. In the morning I usually just rinse my face with water and then apply a bit of moisturizer and then my sunscreen.  




 When do I use my Benton Snail Bee High Content Essence? Right now I'm using it after I put on my Alpha Hydrox AHA and wait 20 minutes. 

Also, when do you guys use sheet masks in your routine? I do mine after I use my AHA, then after the sheet mask I put on my Snail Bee Essence. Is that correct?

I'm almost out of my first pack of sheet masks (I got the best selling MBD box of 7). Does anyone have any recommendations for a good mask? I really like the moisturizing ones and the whitening ones. Should I just stick with MBD? Or are there any cheaper ones? I like buying my stuff on Amazon but maybe it's cheaper to use a different site. Thanks! 




 Thanks! 




 Hey everyone! I finally came down with a cold this winter after lasting this long without being sick. 

My poor nose is red and irritated but I'm moisturizing it and putting a little Vaseline on it. 

I am honestly really proud of myself for sticking with a routine for so long. I used to be really gross and sleep in my makeup, and I struggled since I was a teen to keep up with a routine. Yesterday I came home from a night out after drinking and I still went through my whole song and dance. I honestly LOVE my routine, and it makes me really happy to do it. It's sort of meditative now!

Also, I took all my makeup off at my boyfriend's house and he said I looked really cute without makeup on! So now I'm a bit more confident about how I look without it haha. And this is coming from a girl who used to just sleep in her makeup because oh the horror of having a guy see my plain face. 

I'll stop rambling. Hope ya'll have a good Friday!  




 Interesting! I have acne scars as well so I will look into rosehip oil. 

I'll look into Olay, I believe it's a fairly cheap moisturizer correct? I just use body lotion everyday and go through so much of it...and I can't justify spending a ton on a body lotion! 




 I think so yeah! If your skin is dry you can always use the moisturizer in the morning as well. 

Skin is pretty fickle though, so pay attention to how it reacts to the products. You may have to tweak things a bit but for now that looks like a solid routine.  




 I'm not sure. I do sometimes see a lot of posts that should be in the routine threat. Your best bet is to post in the routine thread and see if you get any responses. 

You could also message a moderator and see what they say. You don't have to post a picture of your face! Don't worry. 




  Regardless, skin doesn't have the capacity to be confused.

Oh gosh that made me laugh! 




 That's awesome! I love Benton. I just started using the Snail Bee High Content Essence but I want to get their steam cream too. But I have no money to spend on skincare right now T_T

That's too bad about your skin :( If I notice a pimple I go crazy sometimes and that usually causes more pimples. It feels like my skin has a mind of it's own sometimes. Like oh, you're going to overexfoliate? Screw you! Here's some more acne. At that point I just have to relax and simplify my routine...it's hard though. 




 What's the product called if you don't mind me asking? Sounds really nice! 




 I walk around a lot as I live in the city. I have a coat that has a hood that can button up around my face, or at least cover the area below my nose. That has been pretty good so far. If it's super cold (I live in Wisconsin) I will wear a scarf. I have a few that I rotate so I don't believe there would be any issue with them being too dirty.

Also, if you're worried about your skin drying out, I would put a thin layer of Vaseline on your face after your moisturizer, which will keep the moisture in! 




 How do you like the Olay body lotion? I want to find a cheap lotion for my body but I'm trying to avoid anything with a lot of fragrance. 

Also, what is the rosehip oil for? 




 If it isn't time for bed yet and I've showered I just apply moisturizer, to my face and body. I take super hot showers (I know, I know), and if I don't moisturize right after my shower my skin gets dry. 




 I second this, the Hado Labo Replenishing Lotion or whatever it is is super popular and can be used along with a regular moisturizer.  




 I use cerave in the tub and I never have issues with my foundation, but I don't have issues with dryness.  




 That is such a good idea about the Thayer's. I love how my skin feels after I use it. I'm totally going to get a spray bottle and mist that stuff on my face all day lol! 




 Awesome! After all the stories about bad experiences at the derm this is good to hear.  




