 Fantastic and interestingly artistic! I love the isolation and loss of social skills that finally end up in learned helplessness. Thx. 




 If you go out into the sun you will also generate vitamin D from the interaction of cholesterol and UV-B light. Apparently a lot of people with depression are also vitamin D deficient. Easy to test with a supplement but peoples amounts vary vastly from 1,000 to 20,000 IUD's a day. 

Depression makes work harder ... so does the sun. Maybe they are the same thing? 




 Thanks for the useful info. I hadn't realised that anti-depressants won't work as well without sleep. I wonder if it is correlated (no sleep and ADs fails to do the job) or just that poor sleep makes people feel worse (ADs still do same job but sleep is the problem).  




 Sorry, I was so fixed on my insomnia that I forgot that some people just want to sleep all day when they are depressed.

I used to wish that I was the sort to have hypersomnia rather than insomnia. When I was on the high dosage of Ami I was so groggy that I couldn't stay awake. I always struggled to stay awake and I hated it. I guess that it a little bit how you feel each day. That would suck. I guess that the grass on both sides of the fence is a kind of withered, dried brown.

Why haven't you tried medication? 




 Thanks. It worked very, very well for me last night. One night may not make an omelette but it does appear to be an interesting development for me. 

Did you ever find yourself developing a resistance, or it varying in effectiveness on your bad days? 

My doc said the same thing about the low/high dosage. It did make me wonder if a high dosage no longer acts as a sedative but that sounds improbable! 




 I used to just stare groggily at my computer monitor all day pretending to work while really getting very little done or plain old doing it badly!

Thanks for the clear answer, it is appreciated. 




 I did 30 days without my usual 20-30mg of Amitryptylene. I did supplement the withdrawal with L-Tryptophan (don't know if it was useful or not), vitamin D (people with depression and apparently low in it), B-100 (as vitamin D increases the bodies use of it), Valerian root and melatonin. I chose not to taper down all though I was only on a low dosage. Originally on 100mg but I was so groggy in the morning I reduced to 20mg and stayed there for years.

As to being a light sleep, I wake anything up to 5 or 6 during the night so I guess that makes the answer yes. 

Thanks for replying, it sounds like you feel that depression causes you to sleep worse rather than a lack of sleep causing depression. 




 I always find it difficult not to follow the sleep hygiene advice. I know if I sleep, even for just 30 minutes at about 3:00pm then I will feel a lot better. The problem is that is hard to do if you have a job, and it upsets sleep at night. Hence I try to stay in that 9-5 routine in the hope that one day I will be 'normal'. 

That said I agree with you that sometime you just need to sleep at odd times. A small amount of feeling refreshed is sometimes enough to give me the strength to get through a bad patch.

It sounds a little like you think that sleep is the root problem, would you say that is accurate for you? 




 I was on 20-30mg of Amitryptelene a night for years but I stopped 30 days ago. Just went to the doc today and was given 25-50mg Trazadone. 

It sounds like your insomnia is a symptom of depression but you did say you slept lightly. Do you think there is a chance that the light sleep is the root of your depression?

Thanks for the reply. 




