 I usually say "I had a very intimate encounter with a thorn bush." 




 My boyfriend (kind of- we're on a break), my family's respect, my medication, my best friend... I was already struggling heavily with my clinical depression before this, now? I've lost the support I once had. My boyfriend has depression as well and went away fro few weeks after trying to kill himself, in which I feel I had started to get  a bit better, then, he came back and said that even though he still loved me, we needed to take a break so we could both minimize stress in our lives. I smiled and said "okay" then went into a bathroom and bawled my eyes out.  The worst part is seeing him get worse while I'm trying to get better, because I feel like I've lost most emotion so I feed off of others'. High school sucks enough when you are "normal" but it sucks even more when you can barely make it through every day without wanting to kill yourself. 




 I would hate to see you die, knowing that you can come up with ideas like this. However, I would definitely watch it, especially since I've been in that place before and want to know if the experience(es) is the same for everyone. 




 I'd known you since we were kids; you were chubby, funny, and so filled with imagination. As we got older, you started to get thinner, you learned how to use a straightener, and you fell in love with *good* music. However, you still didn't forget me. I was your best friend, and you loved me. Eventually, that love turned into being *in* love with me... 

My 13th birthday party was the best night ever. Every time the door bell rang I hoped it was you, and eventually, when I had let my guard down, it was, and you saw me sliding across my living room floor in cupcake pajama pants. I hugged you and for the rest of the night, nobody else existed but us. I swear, everybody thought we were going to go into my bedroom and just start going at it, because we were that into each other. We didn't though; we went into my room, sat on the floor across from each other, and talked. It was different than the way we had talked millions of times before. This time, there were sparks. You left around midnight, and for the first time, I saw you as something more than "just him".

You and I were together a few months later, and everything seemed to make sense. We stayed together for a while, and neither of us ever thought it was going to end. We went to concerts, movies, malls, etc, but the best times were always long car rides. We'd start off talking, and then, we would be too busy doing something else to talk for what seemed like eternity. I remember when you kissed me for the first time. It was electrifying, but what was even better is that, when you pulled away just a few inches, you said "you're beautiful" and kissed me again. I knew you meant it; I still know you meant it. 

After a while, things got heavier. My life was messed up. Your life was messed up. We realized we were two very, *very* broken people, but you always said you thought "our broken pieces fit together *perfectly*." and I always nodded in agreement. But, things got worse. Bad things happened, and it made you become distant. You still loved me, and still hugged me every morning, but you were blank behind the eyes. You pushed me away, so far away that our friendship had weakened alongside our relationship, which we had always tried to keep separate. Then, you wen't away for a few weeks because your family found out you were hurting yourself. They blamed me for it, because I'm an easy target with scars all up my arms.

When you came back, you hugged me, smiled, and said we needed a break. You said "You're still my first kiss, you're still my best friend, I still love you, and I'm still going to give you hugs every morning." I died, on the inside, at least. On the outside, I smiled, and said "Okay" because I knew you needed a break, so you could work on you. Once you walked away, I ran into the bathroom and started hyperventilating. Lunch came, and you sat right next to me the way you always did. For some reason, you decided to start playfully singing the saddest part of *our* song to me. I laughed, poked you, and said "Stop it before I cry!" and you did, but it was more like "Stop it before I get up from this table and never look back.". I can't bring myself to listen to that song. I can't bring myself to change the wallpaper on my phone. I know I don't have to; you're still my best friend, but... I can't see it without hurting. 

You look sadder now. I know I stressed you out a lot towards the end of it all, and you were cutting on a daily basis, but at least you were you. Now they have you on so many pills that you're a completely different person. When I look inside your eyes, you seem *gone*. I know the but you were is still in there, and maybe it's good that some parts of who that was stay away forever, but there are so many other parts to him that are beautiful. Please, let him out.  




 I have mental illness as well... Do you think that could be negative as well? 




 But, he made me promise not to see other people. Does that change anything? 




