 Thing is these are shown on Irish TV before watershed 




 Spot on 




 All 3 of them... 




 Oh man, I love Rottweilers! They're awesome when they're puppies but they double in size every day! Love my rotty 




 Another reason why I love the Yogscast. Good, fun and honest YouTubers 




 I suppose like many fears exposure is a big helper 




 Same happened to me with a girl last week! It's a great conversation topic 




 My "friends" did that to me last night 




 Bush really isn't taking retirement well 




 You could start handling small house and garden spiders to get used to the creepy-crawlies. That's how I accidentally began to grow an interest in T's. It's a fun hobby OP 




 OP delivers, Best of luck with the roach breeding 




 Gorgeous colours 




 It looks reminiscent of a Red Back spider, but yeah definitely of the Widow family 




 It looks like one, but Wolf Spiders aren't common in Ireland and Britain. 




 I often mix up Brown Recluse Spiders and Wolf Spiders too 




 Kurt Cobain and headphones 




 IT'S STILL REAL TO ME DAMMIT 




 Wailord used attract...but it failed 




 Careful kids...Don't get too close...Here we have a feminist...Yes Wily, From that Discovery Channel show...Hush now... 




 Mid-African problems 




 That's how I lost my job at the pre-school... 




 the monster... 




 wow..sir...I... 




 This looks like an experienced locksmith could crack this, any /r/locksmith's on this thread? Looks like theres no need for a torsion wrench 




 Sir. You have won. *high fives through internet machine* 




 Thank you very much, I will check it out 




 I posted this out of curiosity, And received 3 positive responses at this time. The rest are either sarcastic, satirical or demoralising mockery. You've really done your organisation proud. I won't be darkening the door of my local lodge here in Ireland in Gorey, county wexford. To take heed from this thread, While I'm aware my title could be offending, the majority of freemasons do asshole things some times to outsiders. 




 open your eyes and read non-fiction. It's all there. 









 Do you ever see some reslly good carts come in and pick a few out for yourself? 




 Chile Rose Hairs have a good temperment too! 




 20-year-old no spell.  




 I don't either, but I bet someone at /r/webdev does 




 You rock OP 




 90% of the time, nine times out of ten, it's *always* a dobsonfly 




 *best 




 I thought they were going to get rid of TF2 when I read the title of this post. Was pleasantly surprised 




 the guys over at /r/tarantulas would love this! 




 Mind fucked me. Really weird way of looking at things,  I like it though 




 That's horrifying! But it's not your fault, The world has a weird way of doing things. Some day you will hear a phone ring and remember that moment,  and something amazing will happen to someone you care about. Some day. 




 You can have another magical intetnet point from me, Butthole Pleasurr 




 cool story. so many double negatives 




 *could* 




 I'm an ass for never doing this 




 I wish I didn't start biting my nails 




 I'm glad the moose is safe too. 




 I have had a few moments like that which I've never told anyone because they'd think I'm insane but here seems like the right place.

I remember when I was about 15 or so thinking out of nowhere about the singer Whitney Houston, only ever heard her name before, never even sprung to my mind. I felt really sick that night and couldn't sleep, At this stage she had compeltely slipped my mind. She was dead in the morning.

The same happened with singer Amy Winehouse. She hadn't made headlines for a few years and randomly popped into my mind. Same again, nervous gut, sickness and she died within 2 days.

I'm not a big believer in spirituality or a spiritual dimension, but I creeped myself out and still remember them years on. 




 Pokemon and Skyrim hybrid on the Occulus Rift. I would never leave my house again. 




 Don't be a dick man 




 I wish I didnt slit my arm so hard that night so that now cant wear t-shirts in summer 




 Fucking depression man! Pisces Christ it won't give me a break and let me be happy for at least one full day. I wish more people knew about me. I wish I had someone 




 "Hitler wasn't so bad I guess" 




 /r/photoshopbattles 




 online of course, 'eBaker' App next Spring 




 FIXED: My dad and his awesome beard putting the 'Stud' in Studebaker 




 just in general. Would the natural world really change that much if they didn't exist? 




 You're more than welcome to post any ID requests here! This is one of the friendliest communities on reddit :) 




 Is this a cellar spider?  




 A-dorable 




 Another Ecuador post! I need to go here 




 Looks like a Green Lynx Spider 




 Ecuador is sounding more and more like a spider fanatics dream world 




 I wish I lived somewhere where tarantulas were wild! Also congrats on the World Cup win last night Ecuadorian Redditor! 




 I can never find these here in Ireland 




 In reality are there really any other types of social paradigms? 




 jabba 




 Bill Murray for me 




 What is the actual point of snails though in fairness?  




 Portugese Spawn-Of-Hades 




 Most definitely. Stunning spiders. 




 The fangs! incredible 




 Just picked my jaw up off the floor 




 He/she's brave to come out so vulnerable!  




 These will always be my favourite tarantulas. So underrated yet so Stunning! 




 The epyginal plate tells us she's an F 




 its like she's facepalming. Adorable 




 Wow imagine having one of these from its larval stage and then watching these stunning colours emerge from the chrysalis 




 really vivid markings 




 Did you encourage him like a good rowing captain does? 




 oh my god you monster 




 The title reminded of Radiohead lyrics and thank you for that 




 yes 




 'smells of shit laggadingdiggadiggadiggadooo
'
 




 Are you and the Rage Kage planning another D album?
 









 True, /r/calligraffiti is also fun 




 'Purple Haze' looks like it could be a Daft Punk album cover 




 WYR Claire or Gloria 




 MRW that gif looped perfectly http://i.imgur.com/VQLGJOL.gif

 




 /r/PenmanshipPorn if anyone else is interested in writing or viewing calligraphy 




 anyone have a link/bucket? 




  "comes"

 




 "This is even gayer than the pile..." 




 alpha? 




 you built a nuclear reactor, inside if an active volcano. I do not pity you. 




 That's like, 10 hours without playing Minecraft 




 creepers r here 2 help 




 Makes me wonder what your pubes are like... no homo 




 and as we all know, Minecraft *always* follows logic 




 squeal 




 It's hell 




 thats very odd but cool 




 kill yo mum init 




