 Right after sex. I hadn't even gotten dressed yet and we'd spent the whole weekend together after several months of long-distance. I found out after it was because he'd started seeing some other girl at his college without telling me about a month before. 




 When I sit next to fidgety people in class and they pretty much jig their legs up and down for the entire length of the class, making my own chair or table shake as well.  Nneerghh.. 




 Cleaning out shredded bits of human cadaver from some surgical tools (think something like a flexible cheese grater). Yum. 




 Dead giant yellow hairy spider stuck on the other end of my straw when I pulled it out after finishing my drink at Harvey's.

Nope nope nope. 




 Not anti-weed. I'm all for legalization, but I don't believe weed really lives up to the pedestal that people usually put it on. I hung around with some people who were avid tree-lovers in high school, but I never really got much enjoyment out of it.

I honestly think there are some types of people that would do better without it. Of course, I'm all fine with medical use and those who are capable of using it to enhance rather than hurt their lifestyle. 

What I definitely find weird is this strange sort of entitlement that comes with those who get really obsessive about it to the point that they feel superior to those that choose not to partake. People who will end up relying on smoking as a form of validation for their life should not go near it. It got very sad to see my friends have to resort to smoking every couple of hours because apparently not being high was just that bad. 




 Three piece suits are amazing-hot.

Nice collarbones are my personal lady boner. Actually, that whole neck/shoulders area. Hurr durr.. 




 "I like your face hole."

In reference to my dimple. I guess he didn't know what it was called. 




 I want the slipperiest butt imaginable. The most slippery butt you can have is the kind of butt I want.

I want this because of reasons. 




 Wow. Thank you for ruining my life. ): 




 I'm down for a meetup. 
Not sure about other Emory redditors, but I'm a senior with a car.. 




