 Thank you for sharing this picture. I've been really struggling with my depression lately and this picture really cheers me up.  




 Why does she have to get her anal glands squeezed? I would be traumatized too if I had to experience that..  




 I just wanted to say that I spent the last 8 years of my life trying to die and recently, I decided to try to re-gain my will to live again. I guess now is when life decides to try to push me down even more. If there was a time in my life where I should be dead, it would be now. 

 I have given my 200% these past few months and all I've got in more bullshit than I started out with. So what's the point anymore? I know my situation may not be the worst and there are many people out there who are still in far worse situations and are still alive. But I am not them. I am not strong enough. I know that my family will be heartbroken to see me gone and it is selfish for me to do this but what is the point of living if I'm just waiting to die? 

I don't know where I'm going with this but this is my time, to finally do something for myself. I hope you all find a way out of whatever situation you are in.  




 I'm glad you're happy, even if it's because you finally see an end. But, I truly hope that happiness will come to you in a different form one day. Take care of yourself. 3  




 Yesterday, I was having an awful day and went into my closet, closed the door and cried. Then, I heard little scratches on the door and there she was. When I opened the door, she started purring and laid on my feet. I couldn't ask for a better friend than my cat.  




 I know!! They make my heart melt.  




 That is one... very well-loved leg.  




 Happy Birthday Terra! Cats are the best therapists! :) 
 




 Get better Toma! Best wishes to you and your fur baby 3  














 I started lexapro/cipralax/escitalopram 14 months ago at 10mg and have been taking 20mg for the past 6 months. In the past year, I've also gained around 30lbs (100lbs to 130lbs at 5'3"), which I initially attributed to my bad eating behaviours and lack of exercise. I used to exercise everyday and eat healthy in very small portions (due to an eating disorder). 

However, as a part of my eating disorder recovery, I began to eat larger portions and let myself eat junk food and fast food. I kinda let that get too out of hand though. Since November 2014, I've been trying to get healthier and start to workout again but I've been struggling to see any improvement. 

Recently, it crossed my mind that it might be my lexapro that has caused a part of the weight gain as even prior to my eating disorder, my highest weight was 120lbs. Also, I read that a lot of people gained weight on lexapro, as a side effect.

Since I've recently enrolled in group therapy and have been doing a lot better, I decided to stop taking lexapro because I just feel really shitty about my body and feeling overall unhealthy even if I eating healthily and workout regularly. 

Has anyone had any experience with weaning off lexapro and losing the weight or will it stay on for a while?
 




