 Hey, I am taking my mum and sister to the mountains on Saturday as they are visiting from the UK.
Where are some good sightseeing / photo ops that don't involve driving more than 2hrs?
Thanks in advance!

edit: I live near Southlands in Aurora 




 This is my first time seeing a psychotherapist, rather than a counsellor. She seems very positive and really made me feel comfortable on the phone, but what should I expect when we meet in person? 




 Today is one of those days. 




 And burgers apparently. 




 Given the little white dots, I would say no. But that might just be the carpet pattern! :-) 




 Flying to Seattle with Alaskan. Then on to Iceland and London :-) 









 I am using it only when I have a panic attack at the moment. I'd rather not get a med for sleeping, but I guess it could help in the short term.

I am hoping to see a therapist in January. It costs around $90 - $150 per session here and with all the traveling and Xmas (plus a broken car), I just can't afford the expense at the moment. 




 Just had a look and Ativan is the brand name for lorazepam :) 




 Is it something you take daily? Or, as and when the symptoms come on? 

My panic attacks happen so fast, literally I go from nothing to full blown panic in a few seconds. 




 I have had GAD for the last 25 years, since I was a child. Recently it has developed into/incorporated panic disorder too. 

Nine weeks ago, my grandfather was diagnosed with terminal cancer. He passed away one week ago. Since we heard the diagnoses, I have been suffering from recurring panic attacks, been struggling day to day and especially at night with anxiety, and lack of sleep is making it very hard to focus on my usual rescue 'remedies'. My Dr prescribed lorazepam, and upped my citalopram dose six weeks ago. He doesn't want me on the lorazepam for long, but, although the panic attacks have decreased in frequency, they are still happening often and the lorazepam us the only thing I have found so far that works quickly and helps.

My main trigger at the moment is panicking that my children are going to catch Noro, and then we will all get it. At the moment, one of them even looking a little off color is sending me straight into a panic attack. I struggle with not being in control and this is one area that I do not cope with the uncertainty and unpredictability of everything. I feel that I am alone in all situations, even though I have a great husband who would manage even if I wasn't there.

I am flying back to the UK from the US this week for the funeral, and I am going over all the things that could go wrong. It doesn't really help that in the last month, we have had two deaths in the family, my husband has had to go overseas twice, we have been organizing Thanksgiving, then my daughters birthday, Xmas, and two lots of funeral arrangements. I feel so overwhelmed, but guilty if I ask for help when I am able to let the control go a little.

Sorry for the rambling, I just kind of typed as it came into my head. 




 1 bag cranberies, fresh or frozen, 1 cup of sugar, 2 tbsp of water.

Heat on med-low for 10 minutes, then on med-high for 12 minutes, stirring every few minutes.

Allow to cool, chill in the fridge covered. Allow to come to room temp to eat. 




 Oh, those eyes :) 









 I'm more of a CM Punk girl :-) But Ziggler is pretty damn cute! 




 Thank you! I love you too random internet stranger! :-) 




 I will! 




 I am just saving up to see a psychotherapist! It is really expensive here! 




 No problem :) 




 That is good :)

How do you find the propranolol? I am on short term loprazolam for panic attacks. I am also on 20mg citalopram. 




 It was in the 60s today, tomorrow it is barely breaking into the 20s! 




 It is weird, kids are awesome, but they take up so much time and energy in so many ways. Right now, I am trying to persuade my two that they are really supposed to be in bed. They are too excited about the chance of snow tomorrow! 




 I need to try the meditation, but with two kids under 7 it can be hard to find the quiet time to do it! 




 http://imgur.com/OStGc
 




 Ooh, yum. I have frozen Changs for dinner tonight. Either some dumplings or beef and broccoli 




 p.s. not creeping on you, just checked your other threads and saw you were a student :) 




 Ok, here too :) Have you tried counting street lights, or stop signs, other busses... 




 I'm ok thanks, how was college today? 




 From a thread yesterday, do you have a game like Jewells, or Tetris on your phone?
 




 Take some slow deep breaths, it is light or dark where you are? 




 Hi
 




 It really help to focus my mind away from everything else! 




 Have you tried playing Tetris? It it works similarly for me :) 




 You could have a look online for the CBT 'workbook' from Australia called "What me, Worry?" I used it through CBT counselling myself and it did help me to rationalize my fears of sickness and death. If, having read through it, you feel like the ideas might work, then CBT would probably be a good approach for you.

This way you can check it out for free, before spending out on therapy sessions. HTH.

:-) 




 I have my appt in an hour. 




 Whilst I was breastfeeding, being touched there definately felt weird and uncomfortable. After breastfeeding and once the milk had dried up, it took quite a while for the sexual feelins to come back to them and they are still not as sensitive as they used to be. However, this is a good thing as I can now stand a lot more breast stimulation which is great!
I don't know if the continued decrease in sensitivity is due to the fact that I breastfed both of my children for an extended time (12 and 16 months respectively), but I wouldn't have done anything differently. 




 That was my point exactly! 




 Thank you. 

I have tried the breathing techniques I know, they relax me for a while and then the anxiety comes back. After a while I am too tired to concentrate properly on the breathing!

I am seeing a Dr on Wednesday, hoping they can help too.

Thanks for taking the time to reply x 




 Hello r/anxiety, I hope it is ok for my first post here to be asking for help.

I have been dealing with anxiety since I was a child (5/6 years old) and have been diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder and probable Panic Disorder (waiting to see a counsellor for formal diagnosis) I also have depressive issues caused by the anxiety episodes.

I take citalopram 10mg daily as a maintainance dose, and for the last two years, this has been working really well, and the anxiety attacks have been managable. I have also had a series of CBT sessions, and one on one counselling sessions to provide ways for me to cope with the anxiety. I used the Australian 'What, me, worry?' program during my most recent CBT.

But I digress from my current problem. A few weeks ago, my grandad (dads dad) was suddenly diagnosed with cancer. A few days later it was declared inoperable and untreatable. He has been given about 10 weeks at most to live, though he is deteriorating fast and the cancer is spreading aggresively. I am currently living in the USA and my family are all in the UK. I am travelling home next week to hopefully spend some time with him before he passes.

Since my dad told me about his diagnosis, I have been struggling more and more each day with my anxiety. I have started having panic attacks at night, some that are waxing and waining all night. Recently I had a panic attack that started at 7pm(ish) and came on and off in 10 minute cycles until around 4am. The panic attacks are causing me to suffer from upset stomach and nausea (IBS stress related), but because one of my triggers is fear of vomiting, this in turn causes me to have greater anxiety, and more panic attacks.

I am getting very tired now, from lack of sleep, and the physical exertion of the panic attacks. I can feel that I am shrinking back into my head, unable to get out of this vicious cycle of panic and fear of panic. I am starting to feel detached from the day to day family life I have, and I am just going through the motions each day, doing the jobs I always do, just to make things seem normal for everyone else. I am getting scared that this is not going to end. I am scared of everything at the moment to be honest. I am living right on the edge of breakdown and really don't know which way I am going to fall. 

My husband tries his best to help me, but having never had a problem with anxiety, and being the most laid back person I know, he finds it hard to understand why I can't just snap out of this, think positive, don't worry etc.

I am calling my doctor tomorrow to make an appointment this week. Hopefully we can work something out to get me through the next few weeks.

So, I guess what I am asking you r/anxiety, is for any tips, thoughts or experiences that will make me be able to see that this will end, that I will get through this. And how to keep the anxiety demons at bay.

Thank you xxxx 




 You made me go make one. 




 And the 7th July in the UK is remembrance of the 7/7 bombings in London. 









 Why, why, why? Why would you take those beautiful ingredients and then slather yellow mustard all over? English mustard is what you need! 




 Have you seen her other comments on different threads? That is one angry person! 




 She was trying to hurt you. Accept that she is a bitch, you are better off without her, and that the sex is probably crap with the new guy and she was trying to make herself feel better. 




 It's the lip bite at the end....definitely :) 




 I agree that it is the best part, but I usually break it off with my teeth, and the temptation to eat it is too much! 




 You have to bite the chocolate off the end carefully, then nibble around the edges, then if you are really good, you can peel the very top layer of wafer off whole. After that, nibble the bottom layer of chocolate, and you are left with a nice wafer biscuit to dip in your tea :)  




 Accuweather is ok 














 Firestarter by The Prodigy at a cremation. 




 Me too... 




 Very good, but perhaps you should cite a reference from after my source was written if you want to be so pedantic about this? I am just trying to help the OP.

Example: (from the NIH for you) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22018122 




 http://www.livescience.com/29215-how-plan-b-works.html 




 As I have said in a reply in this thread, it usually takes up to 14 days or more for a woman to be producing enough HcG (pregnancy) hormone for a pregnancy test to show positive. This is why most tests say to test on or after the day the womans period is due for an accurate result.

http://www.baby2see.com/preconception/hcg.html This page has a useful chart showing how the hormone increases over time. At 8 days post sex, the embryo is only just implanting into the uterus and the woman will show little to no HcG.

I think your girlfriend got pregnant earlier in the month. You should see a Dr for a blood test, and a dating scan would be a good idea too. This will give you both a better idea of the stage of pregnancy she is at. It will also help you with your options, whether you decide to keep the pregnancy or not.

HTH and good luck x 




 OP also says that they had previously had sex with condoms. The pregnancy could have been caused by any of these times too. It is very unlikely that implantation took place two days before her period, but it can happen. Having said that, most women need around 14 days to be producing enough HcG hormone to show a positive pregnancy test. I think the girlfriend may have gotten pregnant earlier in the month. 




 Plan B is designed to both try to prevent ovulation, and if ovulation has taken place, to try to prevent fertilization. It can prevent pregnancy during the later stages of a womans cycle. 




 That might work! I will try it out :-) 




 We have been trying that with her carrier, and her 'supposed' bed for the last year. She will never go into an enclosed space of her of free will :) 




 Because she is very timid and does not like enclosed spaces. We adopted her after she was rescued from neglect and abuse and I think her fear comes from there. 




 I will have to try your method! 




 Yeah, my cat was NOT falling for that! I did manage to burrito her in the end though :-) 




 I learnt this the hard way today. 




 http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-23691146

You made it to the BBC! 




 We started today in Colorado. 




 Or, she is 6 years old.... 




 I have about 7/8 years of sales, as well as management experience and basic accounting. 




 I would love to start my own business, but my passion is cake making (I am pretty good at it) and two friends have just started a local business selling their own cakes. I really don't want to tread on their toes! 




 This is high end jewelery, in the gap between fashion jewellery and fine jewellery. 




 :) 




 By your logic people should not work in retail then? As the customers purchases are funding the staff wages? 




 WOW! $5000?? 




 I don't have coworkers. Unless that includes my children. 




