 The smell of bacon cooking 




 I should probably add my two cents here too. 

Best: Provides a sturdy shelf for balancing my plate on while I'm eating. Some tops/dresses look better with some chesticle shapes. They feel pretty damn good.   

Worst: Lying on my back - they flatten out and leak to the sides, not ideal. In addition to sagging, I'm worried about getting cleavage wrinkles as I age.  









 Paul Walker, he seemed like a good dude 




 Patricia Cornwell 




 Legends of the Fall 




 Days spent with awesome friends. You know it's been a good day when your stomach hurts from laughing so hard. 




 How was the exhibition?? I would love to check it out one day! 




 I need inspiration :) 




 I like eating raw bacon 









 Letting go of toxic fake friends and deciding to get out of my comfort zone by moving to a new country  




 That doesn't involve a 5 finger discount. 




 Ixnay on the Hombre - The Offspring  




 Thanks for the tip - we'll add it to the list! 




 Heading to Queenstown with a couple of mates at the end of Feb. We LOVE food so we're open to any suggestions - any cuisine.

Breakfast/brunch/lunch/dinner/supper 




 At this point, any suggestion is a good suggestion! Thanks for taking the time :) 




  Ballad of Ballard and Sandrine

Not this one but will definitely put it on the list! 




 I bid for the drum sticks Justin Bieber used once during a high school visit when he came to NZ, my mate's little sister really wanted them for her 16th birthday. 

Bought it for $30, SUCH A WASTE OF MONEY!! 




 I suspect it may be related to the anger she has towards my father who left us when I was 7 years old. They had huge problems even before I was born and they thought having me would help their marriage. They thought wrong. 

As a teen I figured we didn't get along because I was a typical broody teen but as I got older and moved out I realised it went beyond that, she just really didn't like me. At 29, I'm really sad that we don't have a good relationship. I just don't know what to do.

The silver lining is, as I watch her get colder and more miserable I'm working on being warmer, happier and kinder to others.  




 Upvote for good call 




 My mother told me my eldest brother is her favourite child while I was her least favourite, I was 10 years old.

When I was 13 we were approached by a homeless man who wanted to shake our hands. She got up and quickly walked away while I was left there awkwardly not wanting to touch his hand but not wanting to be rude either. She didn't turn back once to see if I was ok. Later when I caught up to her, she yelled at me for talking to the homeless guy. 

6 years ago I got pretty sick and needed a bone marrow transplant, my eldest brother didn't want to do a blood test to see if he was a match. My mother defended him and explained that he's busy at work and can't take time off. 




 :( 









 Pictures are welcome! 




 This thead would def be an interesting read!  




 LOVE this answer.  




 Toasted Rueben sandwich with a side of slaw and pickles 




 Lesbians. 




 I love to laugh and enjoy making others laugh so I'm instantly attracted to someone who is awesomely witty and has a healthy dirty sense of humour.
I also like to burst into song when someone says something that makes me feel like a particular song would be relevent to the situation...when someone gets what I'm doing and sing along...instant attraction! 




 bahaha I can picture this. 




 How does it continue to stop acne after your completed dose? 




 How much is too much in terms of chicks wearing make up, to the point where you don't find her attractive anymore? 




 I have a massive crush on a colleague who only sees me as a friend.  




 A mince and cheese pie from a bakery 




 
Pretty well..not sure I'd agree on NZers having an awesome accent though... 









 Marmite or Vegemite sandwich with potato crisps stuffed inside.  




 "I'm truly sorry for all the shit I put you through". 




 Good luck! Bitch is miserable. 









 Boob sweat 




 that sounds amazing!!! 




 Chicken sauce? 




 Well then you'll just have to wait til you find out what you're having for dinner :) 









 Smile 




 Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter 




