 Which is better: cinematography or painting?

It's obviously cinematography for temporality. 




 That comic is freakin' hilarious.

Thanks for everything, guys.

[This](http://i.imgur.com/jgFMNDq.jpg) is a picture of me after reading your comments. 




 Dammit to hell. I gave those bastard cigarette companies my social security number to get in and the damn freebie expired 




 One more question. How does this relate to the phlebotinum-y magic of the movie? Is it a question of extent of magic the female characters have? Is it a question of which powers? I'm assuming [Hermione Granger](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_p-2MjK8LOBo/TPMprYVpKdI/AAAAAAAACV4/gyfbs-KDkSg/s1600/02_emma_watson.jpg) works. Even [Merida] (http://hd.wallpaperswide.com/thumbs/brave_4-t2.jpg) from *Brave* and [Katniss](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/10/29/article-2479240-1910EB4E00000578-646_634x475.jpg) from *Hunger Games* had semi-supernatural archery powers. 

Obviously I'm trying to avoid [the chick from Indiana Jones who gets on the elephant backwards](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7011/6513048825_9ce60893f5.jpg), but does that mean I can't give my female characters special powers? 

If I were to write "a person" I would assume that as long as the central conflict is not solved with the phlebotinum (e.g. Marty McFly has to teach his dad to stand up to bullies before he can travel back to the future) and the character is properly motivated in the first place, then we wouldn't have an issue. But I've never considered an imbalance in male/female superpowers before. 




 copy. thanks
 




 Gotcha. Something like [this](http://tinyurl.com/plwzsd9)? 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/Tpdhf5Z.jpg) 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/UoH1tuW.jpg?1) 




 Hey guys, this might be a dumb question, but I'm a male screenwriter and I clicked on this link to get a different perspective. That said, I'm not 100% on what this means. Could you clarify?  




 Again, you manage to eloquently condense a lifetime into a few words. As a well-intentioned friend, I mean only to help, and so you should perceive this not as a critique of your decision, but an observation into how it is made. 

Is she the cause of her problems? Is she too afraid to address them? Does she refuse to acknowledge some of them at all? Does she run away from her troubles with her dad when she stays at her mom's house? Long story short, does she want to make peace with her dad or not and does she choose not to?

These are natural questions to ask. But let me reword them.

What if your good friend said you were the cause of *your* problems? What if he insisted he knew better than you how to run *your* life? Even if his decision was right and your decision was wrong, is he likely to change your mind?

Would you feel blamed? Would you feel under attack? Would you resent your friend for judging you without really understanding? 

Perhaps the distance and stress is not coming from her, but you. This is not a judgement: I mean to suggest only another option, another way of doing things that I bring up only because you may not know it exists yet.

What if you stood by her anyway? Consider saying, "This is your life and your decision. I can provide help and guidance when necessary, but no matter what I will 100% support and love you unconditionally." Would she make dumb decisions and hurt herself? Yes, but they will be her own mistakes and she'll survive because she'll have you to fall back on.

Emotions are complex, and decisions based on emotions can be even more so because an observer may not know exactly what went into that decision. Though we may objectively agree that it was wrong, incorrect, maybe even stupid, it is worth noting that the emotion behind it is not. That emotion is totally valid. And until you can understand that emotion, you will be unable to understand why she does what she does and therefore unable to change the destructive behavior.

I wish you the best of luck, and if you ever require further assistance, we will try to be there for you.

I'll leave you with this: Is there any force on Earth, some sort of awful, deeply personal hell, that could drive you to seek relief at the hands of an aggressively abusive alcoholic? Does such a force exist for your girlfriend?  




 Something about this tone rubs me the wrong way.

Some people really do need to wait for a doctor to "appear on their white horse with a cure." You would never say this to a schizophrenic. Depression definitely have chemical elements. 

I'm glad to hear that your depression/anxiety is cured, but don't generalize for everybody. Some people physically can't cure themselves.  




 I can only give my own experiences/insights into depression, and they may or may not apply to the broader population.

I find the argument that because we haven't cured something, then we aren't going to is unconvincing. Neurobiology is an exploding field right now. Check out the new research into [TMS therapy](http://neurostar.com/neurostar-tms-depression-treatment/).

But that wasn't really one of the two cases involved so let's get into those.

Strong case: 

Yes, you are absolutely correct: getting depressed people to function normally despite feeling terrible is not a cure at all. But that doesn't mean we have to give up there. Just because a bunch of doctors don't understand what a real cure would look like doesn't mean that we should give up looking for a cure.

Weak case: 

Yes, people vary. And yes, it takes a long time to cure. But this argument only works within the framework that x ailment can be assuaged with y pill. When it comes to depression, y is less like a pill and more like a bunch of overarching techniques like mindfulness, therapy, mental illness education, familial/friend support, and, yes, chemical medication.  




 TL;DR: yes to both. 

I worked in homeless services in CA for years. The US gov gives out clothing, food, water, and housing for free to those who need them. Not as like a charity thing; rather as a government, from our taxes, thing. 

These markets are just like the healthcare market in that *some* food is a human right, but eating at Gordon Ramsey's every night is not. We have a single payer system for the parts that are basic human rights and leave the luxury, tasty parts for the markets.  




 I find this view to be observer-centric rather than experience-centric.

I am male and when I was thirteen, I was sexually assaulted by two men. 

I went to a Catholic school that worked tirelessly to kill the story. The principal bullied witnesses, shamed me publicly, and ultimately declared that I was faking the whole thing. It did happen, and I have nothing to gain by anonymously lying to you right now.I was an eighth grader and it was in May, so I was two months away from graduation. 

Imagine you are tween me. 

Does being forcibly sexually assaulted by a man make me gay? 

How am I supposed to tell anybody this secret? 

How am I supposed to prove this when the only other witnesses were the aggressors? 

Can I win the PR campaign against my teachers?

What about my principal? 

What about among my peers? 

What's going to happen on the playground?

Did I fight hard enough while it was happening? 

Was it weak of me that I didn't know how to fight harder? 

What am I gonna do now?

Now we can see the difference between observer-centric and experience-centric. An observer can make the claim that "one ought to fight against bad people so you can protect future victims." One who has been in that situation knows that fighting is a process, not an action, one that never ends. 

For example, you can start the process by telling somebody, which is hard. Then you can continue the process by filing a police report, which is hard. You can spend the resources toward a civil suit you'll never win. Consider being grilled publicly over the worst experience of your life by a professional attorney. And you're a kid. That's hard. And lastly, you can go on with your life and live it to the fullest, which is the hardest of all.

So let me put forth the argument that "reporting the assault to the authorities" is arbitrary and meaningless, really just another way of saying "I reported it and now it's somebody else's problem to ignore." Who were the authorities in my case? An adult? My parents? My teachers? The principal? The cops? Our lawyer? The real problem is not just reporting, it's in controlling the story. Do victims have a responsibility to stand up against evil? Yes, but at some point all sexual assault victims have to make a decision where their responsibility to future victims ends and where their responsibility to pick up their broken lives begins.
 




 Hey, bud. Eloquent post, difficult problem.

As have you, I've battled depression for a long time now, coming on five years since I was even diagnosed. And as you have probably noticed, it's difficult for us to get any real advice from most people, who are generally too afraid to get involved or simply don't have the skills necessary to do more help than harm. Even those with the proper training often have a detached, sterile, clinical non-speak about them, a sort of intellectual deflector shield that keeps them from truly understanding us. 

But people who *will* understand you *do* exist. And I think I might be one of them. 

For example, I have a dreadful relationship with the flat emotions thing you described. For me, and maybe you, it wasn't quite sadness, and it definitely wasn't happiness. It was more like nothingness. If this is as what you are describing, then you are far from alone as most people who develop depression experience it at some point. I like to think of it as an emergency shut off valve on your body. For reasons not fully understood yet, whether they be psychological, physiological, chemical, etc, we only feel sadness. And after a while, your body gets really tired of feeling sad anymore. So it tries to shut off the sadness. But you can't just shut off one emotion. The emergency shut off valve cuts off everything. So really, your body is shielding you from an exhausting, physically difficult strain in the last way it knows how.

And the effect can be counter-productive. It gives the world an alien tint, as though all the colors got turned down. And worse, it isolates us from the only known cure: the people we need most.  So it is a real feat that you managed to stay connected with this girl while the drugs were kicking in, even when your body was demanding that you pull away. This quality, let's call it emotional strength, defines survivors. 

Further, good of you to actually take the meds long enough to get them to kick in. This seems like a minor feat, but to people who understand depression, who know what a massive undertaking it can be to go from bed to bathroom in the middle of a low, this is a real accomplishment. That said, the depression medication buffet is a long and difficult one. It took me years of throwing darts to finally land on a suitable drug. It sucks when you finally decide this particular drug isn't doing it for you, but it's worth it in the long run to get that month-long process started early. And the good news is, we already know you can handle it. 

I'm not a doctor, but I'm a thousand percent confident that any form of suicidal ideation is a sign that you should at least *talk* to your doctor about possibly trying something new. Like immediately. You and I both know what a pain in the ass it is negotiating the mental health system: they're great at emergencies, but terrible at preventing them. DON'T WAIT FOR IT TO BE AN EMERGENCY. Survivors don't wait for help; they demand it.

But let's get back to the central question: should two people with depression be around each other? 

In my experience, the answer is yes. Depression is a difficult and solitary battle that few understand. If you have somebody to talk to, choose to keep that person in your life, even if she's made mistakes. 

So much of depression is as you described in the TL;DR: I have a life that I really want to make work, but I also have to deal with my depression, and if I try to do both I can crash hard-core, but if I only focus on depression and neglect my life, then the depression wins. Let me give you some practical strategies from somebody who's spent a long time in the trenches.

First, control the framework. Depression is a powerful enemy. Few have ever faced off with someone who knew their every weakness, could wage psychological war inside your own head, and anticipate your every move. But what I've found is that beyond all of that, the most important weapon depression has against you is so subtle you can't even tell it's happening. Depression can change your decisions by altering your mindset, and it takes conscious, willful effort to fight this. 

For example, "I can't handle being under such stress anymore and not become suicidal again but she feels like she needs me with her so she can get better." What if we reworded this to "she feels like she needs me to get better because I've handled this sort of stress before"? Not everybody survives what you've survived, and she's acknowledging your accomplishment. 

It feels weird at first, but after a little practice, "I'm torn because I deeply care about her but I also need to take care of myself" can very quickly become "Perhaps I can still feel something after all. Maybe helping someone else will be the vehicle to how I help myself."  

It's like depression jiu-jitsu. Survivors take the dichotomies and impossible situations depression gives them and turns them into opportunities to get better.

Second, hardship can be a helpful tool when combating depression. It gets you outside of your head and on a goal. But notice that hardship and stress are not the same thing. Stress is a combination of hardship and state of mind. Consider the difficulty with this girl. There are perhaps a billion swirling questions attacking your mind at once. What should I do? Is this my responsibility? Can I handle this? All of these are normal parts of dealing with hardships. But notice that they are all taking place in the future. Hardships require a dedicated decision-making process to figure out what you're going to do. Stress takes the future consequences and makes that decision impossible to make. Hardships are things that you can do something about. Stress comes about from amorphous dread about "what will happen if..?" Hardships end. Stress goes on and on and on about how much better you could have done or how inadequate you are. 

So if I can boil my second technique into a few words: think about what you're thinking about right now when dealing with whatever you have to deal with right now. So no matter what you decide regarding this girl, you won't let the impossible stresses that comes with it make you think about suicide because you'll be okay in that one moment right then. 

Lastly, watch out for landmines. Sometimes we set up traps for ourselves to step in later. It's hard to explain because you kinda have to step on them first to really understand them. 

They generally take this form: If ___, then [success or failure]. 

[I only see one landmine in your above post. It's unlikely to ever be a problem, but I thought I should point it out. It's a major bummer, so just skip ahead unless you're ready for a really shitty conversation](/s "In my opinion, the greatest hazard of being depressed and having depressed friends is that they don't always survive. In the same way that she's implicitly saying 'I need you to survive' you might be implicitly accepting that as 'it's my fault if she doesn't make it.' This is obviously logically false, but 'If x dies, then I failed' is VERY difficult to shake and that's coming from hard experience.  Prepare your mindset now so that if you have to deal with the real grief of losing a loved one you won't also have to deal with the extra grief stemming from depression. But that'll probably never happen so don't worry. Review technique 2 if necessary.")

So really, I'm not saying that you shouldn't break up with her, I'm saying that as someone who's dealt with depression for a long time, you shouldn't have to feel like you *have* to break up with her. Dealing with the real world is less like a distraction for dealing with depression and more like an opportunity to win. My advice: depression needs a team to fight, so whether it's this girl or not, get yourself somebody you can confide in. 

You have all the necessary qualities of a survivor, so I'm not worried.


 




