 I used to work at a police department... it's definitely the lighting, and all of the above.

It's a procedure, not a fashion shoot.  




 UPVOTE!

You know, I have been feeling this way about the entire internet lately. It's just getting really old. Every time I turn around there is someone on reddit, youtube, Facebook, or blog posting some long rant about something. 

I feel like it's NOT constructive because no matter what the topic, it really has nothing to do with what they are talking about. It's just narcissism and them wanting the world to hear whatever they are saying. The more extreme the viewpoint, the more people will read it and talk about it. The reality is, everyone has an opinion and if the Internet didn't exist, nobody would care about what 99% of these people are complaining about.

The more time I spent online reading this crap, the more grumpy, bitter and borderline hateful I feel personally. I've found myself bitching and complaining about stuff more and more, looking on the negative side of everything, and I hate it. I think I need a break from the Internet. Yet, here I am on reddit. :-/ 




 I was a 50 shooter when I shot Canon, up until a year ago. Somehow Ive changed into a 35 shooter. 

My Fuji 35 (50mm equiv) is awesome but it just doesn't get a lot of use these days.  




 Totally agree. There are other things in the contract that just seem weird to me too...like "Please dress like your conservative wedding guest, not a funeral mourner." That could be worded WAY more professionally. That along with the subjective nature of some of the things in this contract - like # 3 - something just doesn't seem 100% professional here.  




 You just have to accept that gear isn't going to make you better. Frankly any new camera or lens you buy is going to be absolutely amazing compared to what professionals used to have to work with 30-40 years ago. It's not the camera. You aren't settling for anything. Those are all awesome cameras. 

More options is paralyzing. That's why people suggest "one camera, one lens" for one year. You enjoyed the d40 because you had no money and no other options, so you worked with what you had. 

I go with what feels good in my hand. Some cameras don't. I had the Fuji x100 which everyone raves about.. I prefer the way the xt-1 feels in my hands. 

You just have to get over it and go shoot photos instead of obsessing about gear. It's a common problem. But you just have to get over it. Focus on actually taking photos and looking at photos by photographers you like. Focus on the art, not the gear. Go out and shoot!
 




 Jesus... what the? Only thing that stood out to me is that you want to be a writer. I can barely comprehend the rest of this.

 




 This is a 2.8 - old manual focus lens. 




 Yeah, I'm talking about field of view difference between 27 and 24mm here. Not compression 




 I don't need to know more... i was just trying to give you advice. Sounds like you need to be more assertive. Good luck! 




 Well, tell him to shut up or stop hanging out with him. I don't know. You choose your friends... good luck. 




 I recently picked up a 27mm (FF 41mm) for my XT-1 as a small/light everyday carry option. I actually really like the 40mm focal length and find it great for street and general purpose/indoor stuff. My 35mm (FF 53mm) was sometimes a little too tight as a walkaround, especially indoors.

For my birthday a friend gave me a legacy Sigma 24mm which has the FOV of 36mm on my camera. For some reason even though it isn't THAT different from 27, there's still something more visually appealing about that 35mm equivalent focal length for me. Is that weird? I mean, 3-4mm doesn't really sound like all that much.

I can't put my finger on what exactly the difference is... I know it's "wider" but the 35mm focal length seems to have almost have a more 3D feel, if that makes any sense whatsoever. Is it field curvature or something? 




 If he likes it, that's all that matters really. There's a lot of photography out there that I can't stand, and I'm sure there are people who don't like my stuff either. I would let that part of it go, for your own sanity.

As for him talking for an hour and not taking a break... no matter what the topic, that's just rude and overbearing. Not to mention tiresome.  




 Actually I have a friend who does this. I simply tell him to get over the gearhead stuff and focus on actually taking photos, if he wants to improve his photography.

I'm probably a lot more rude/blunt than you are though. 




 "Robert keeps talking about his gear that I have zero interest in hearing about"

You basically just described most people on photography forums... 









 There are thousands and it really depends on what the issue is. Therapists specialize in different things. Also it's a very personal thing, one person may mesh well with a therapist and another person doesn't at all. 

If you have insurance you should be able to search local therapists that are covered, and also what they specialize in. I HIGHLY suggest getting someone with experience in whatever issues you are wanting to address.  




 How do you feel about using other presets on DIFFERENT sets of photos?

The reason I ask is, I was reading something the other day where someone was talking how how back in the film days, people would generally stick to one type of film for color and one type of film for b w - so they would have a consistent look over time.

I use VSCO as well and will use the same film stock for every photo in a set - and I have my favorites that I use regularly - but personally I feel that confining myself to one color film preset and one b w film preset would get boring after awhile. I like experimenting once in awhile... does that make me inconsistent though? 




 Anyone know if photos stored on Amazon can be shared via a public link?

I have a Wordpress.com blog and I post most of my photos to Flickr (because it's free and I've had an account since 2005) and then just display them on the blog via a link to the Flickr photo. That way I'm not using up my free Wordpress space too quickly.

However, I'm not really feeling Flickr that much recently so I've been looking for somewhere else I can do this. I have an Amazon Prime membership, so it would still be free for me. 




 Posted yesterday. But still cool 




 Actually, I went to grad school. But nice try! 




 Um, calm the fuck down, it was a JOKE. tl;dr is kind of a thing here on reddit.

 




 This is reddit. Not grad school. 




 tl;dr 




 Yep. I'm hardcore, yo.

I personally shoot a lot of street photography but I don't even like using that term. I've seen too much pretentiousness surrounding it. When people ask me what type of stuff I shoot, I normally just say, "everyday life, documentary style."

Honestly I find that walking around with a camera visible around my neck invites conversation with people. That usually turns out to be a good thing for my photos, not bad. But, I'm also a female so that might have something to do with it. 




 Same reason you don't use zoom lenses. Because Eric Kim says so.

 




 This isn't about the kid. It's about some lady wanting to be famous and feel important by running her mouth on YouTube.   




 Awesome... sounds great! Thanks! 




 you guys rock! 




 I was actually thinking about taking 460. I'll pass though more small towns instead of just highway. 




