 Of course you do Edith. 




 If you get the bug to watch, don't start anywhere past where you left off. 




 I prefer rods from god, myself. Nothing hits quite like 10 tons of tungsten falling from 160 miles up. 




 Mother. Fucking. Lasers, man. 




 The woman is his "beard". 




 Go over to /r/tall and gawk at us. 

Or don't, that's like 90% of our visitors anyway. 




  completely missing the fact that a bunch of betafags hijacked it in the first place 




 http://i.imgur.com/McwsWEL.jpg 




 So you type out really long, run-on sentences? 




 I'm the only security guard on right now... 




 The mental handicap is strong in this one. 




 Well, I'm poor as stuff, so cinder blocks, 2x8 boards and a bigass futon mattress on top.  




 You mean that everlasting pit that is my ex's heart? 




 * exasperated sigh *  




 So two different people read into something, a perceived inflection, something that was incorrectly understood and I'm the asshole? 

How does that make sense? 




 See, there's a difference between what I said, and the way you took it. You inferred tone that I didn't have.  




 This is how we get into trouble. 

There is no tone to text, people make up what they feel or want to feel. So I end up sounding like an ass.  




 You really don't know how to context so you?  




 Mine was yesterday, yes April Fools day. 

When is yours and do you have any special thing you do? 




 DM; GK. 




 OP makes a joke, I make a joke, everyone makes a joke, people get pissed off because fuck your joke.

Man, people are getting way to riled up about this. 




 Imaginary points on the internet. 

That is what you are bitching about right now. 




 OP makes a joke, I make a joke, you take a dump on everything.

Chill. 




 I think you meant to post this.

http://i.imgur.com/Q9elO1l.jpg 




 Its great because the Republicans would be all like fuck, now we have to support actual populist change.  




 So yeah, the krusty krab used to be the rusty krab, a retirement home. 

Now you know where the fish comes from. 




 Really getting at the meat of the issue here aren't we? 




 It was more of personal philosophy. 




 She might have reloaded the app and unmatched you. Or she deleted her profile. 

I have to ask who broke up with whom? Picking at fresh wounds isn't healthy. 




 Man, there are so many better places in Orlando to take a girl out. 




 Technically correct is the only way to be correct. 




 I respectfully disagree, guy. 




 Its funny how people think fb is the same as a public forum, when it is a private one. 

Basically its the same principal as going to a shopping center. Yeah, other people come and go, its free, and open air, but still privately owned property. 

And then on top of that, because someone is going to say it the first amendment means the government can't tell you to shut up, but I can. 




 Opened with animal husbandry though? 




 No internal trade routes.. 

*tsk* *tsk* 




 I think you might have misinterpreted this one.

"They shouldn't be making clothes this sexualized for people this young" is what I think she was going for. 




 Yeah let's ONLY deal with the nice people. 

Everyone sucks in their own way and sometimes you have to deal with the big pile of shit that is slightly smaller and has slightly fewer explosives buried beneath it. 




 HEATHEN. 




 Gospel scripture says that it is easier to serve the lord by being unmarried and childless.  




 Sigh. 




 You can't accidentally beast mode. You have to seriously try to bulk up for that. 




 Some of the players on the best college team will compete in the NFL. 

All of the players on a terrible NFL team compete in the NFL.

NFL = higher quantity of better quality. There is no discussion here. 




 What? Who would do that? Just go around in real life and just lie like that? 




 Isn't it +25% in BNW? 




  MY tallette

Well, let's start with this one... 

Less possessive, more co-operative. And no, you are not entitled to having a girlfriend. 




 We can't make you think about Hugh's wrinkled, liver-spotted, saggy penis.

It probably looks like Stan Lee, in penis form. 




 I love the execution of this comment. 




 Its funny because I can hear Jeremy Piven saying "hair plugs" in my head. 

And doing this weird.... Motion..thing. 




 Is it really that difficult to have a transcript or something? 

I'm assuming you have a script, that you most likely wrote on a computer. Like really. Copy/paste. 

Sheesh. 




 But would you really want to go to Reno? 




 Rt is shit. 

Is actually Russian state TV. Stories are chosen to discredit the american government. 




 On top of purposely using a herbicide that he knew would kill his 'intended' crops and not the GMO crop. 




 HA! ELECTION SEASON NEVER ENDS. 




 The really really fringe liberal democrat or the middle of the pack and dems seem less crazy democrat? 




 "Build all the money producing buildings first."

Whoawha?  




 Leader John Sevier /Davy Crocket / Sam Huston

UA : Volunteer Spirit- Specialists consume 10% less food and Cities with 2 or more specialists provide +3 production per city.

UU: Volunteer Malitia- (Replaces Musketman) Ignores terrain cost, +1 sight 15% less combat strength, 10% less production cost.

UB: Y-12 national laboratory (Replaces Oxford University) +5 Science in cities with a nuclear plant, Uranium resources produce +1 production, as well as the standard oxford bonuses. 




 5 gold tile purchase. 

That's just wrong. Late city near rival's that hasn't claimed a resource yet...  Oh. 50 gold for like 6 tiles.... Thanks bro! 




 "As fuck."

Sorry, I know everyone else is posing these and I didn't want to be left out ever since all my friends jumped off that bridge.  




 Try out a futon. Just the mattress. The sofa convertible stuff is pointless. I have my bed set up with some cinder blocks and 2x4s with a futon on top. Its pretty comfy. 




 Freaking everything is chemicals. 

Devil is in the dosage. Water will kill you in a high enough quantity. Air will kill you in a high enough quantity.  




 This is reddit, it's always meta. 




 Especially if you want to avoid having a flappy butthole. 




 This is why we need to elect loud, rational assholes.  




 I thought "X" meant spread eagle and "O" meant rimjob. 

They are kinda backwards though, right, like X looks more like your arms are spread out for a hug and O could be kissy lips. 




  I wouldn't stand there and let someone physically assault me, and I'll be damned if I'll stand there and let them verbally assault me either. 

$10 an hour and If they hit me I have free range to level their ass. But verbal abuse up to physical threats, I get to take it. What makes you any different? You're trying to help? So am I. 




 I work as security/ as a bouncer. 

You deal. You put up with shit because you are better than their insults. If you can't hack it because someone is an ass, pick another field. 




 Unless, you know they had their liver lacerated by a punch. 

There was a guy in my hometown who was homeless and had a heart attack. ERgave him orange juice and had security throw him out when he wouldn't leave. Died on their lawn of guess what, heart failure. 




 That first paragraph. They should "Focus of strengthening unions and getting marginalized voters to the polls."

No. Fucking. Shit. 

Apparently we're just sitting on our collective asses bitching. 




 Holy shit dude, chill. 




 Your username... Is lying idiot. 

You, the joke, woosh. 




 I really don't know if I should trust your answer.... 




 I think it also depends on era. 

I've seen roads built in one turn with liberty and the pyramids. I also play on quick. I don't have a definitive answer for you though. 




 1975 was 40 years ago dude. 




 You might want to get that checked.  




 I'm going to diagnose you as a self-righteous prick. 

Take to knees to the balls and don't call me in the morning. 




 Because apparently that's a thing people talk about. I might confuse them with my +2/+1 production though. 




 It was more about being from Orlando, and not knowing about the one in Tampa.  




 Yeah, I dunno about all this Tampa bullshit.

I remember when it was next to the steak and ale before that shit got shuffled. 




 And I thought I had trust issues. 




 Are you familiar with liens? Or do you just go around assuming everyone would stab you if they could get away with it? 




 Right? Its all just ridiculous. 




 Sadist- enjoys other people's pain.

Masochist- enjoys being in pain.

Mac and cheese OJ- way beyond enjoyable levels of pain. 




 Dude, fuck you. 




 Those same things happen every time and place a hurricane moves through. Apparently somehow its different because new York. 




 TIL I have to be able to read minds to figure out if someone thinks I'm cute. 

Jesus. 




 "Super storm" sandy.

You've got to be kidding me. 




 Or, you know, they're born and raised there...  




 ô.o 




 You guys should start applying for shitty jobs. 

I got hired on a Thursday morning for a Thursday night security shift. I babysit an office building for 40 hours a week and they were so desperate they hired me after hearing "I'm ok with 3rd shift." "I can start immediately" and "I have reliable transportation." 




 I've done club security, if I had 2 people report this with me somehow missing it, dude or chick is on the street, I don't give a fuck who your daddy is. 

If I see you with your dick out, I'm not only going to throw you out, I'm going to use your head to open the door as well. 

It happens. People act like fucknuts when they are drunk. 

EDIT: Everyone acts like they are 5 years old when you say the word "no." 




 I work nights and I've been drinking trying to fall asleep, if you're fucking with me, stop.

Night. 




 Tone deaf? 




 This is like a Cat 1 Hurricane.

It's normal for Florida.

You bitches in New York need to learn some things. 




 I know. 

"You can warn the person living below the broken dam, but you can't make them move away." 




 Exactly. An 18 year old might have an appreciation for the drunkenness, but not the drink itself. 




 It was fucking dirty. Not like a diesel oil filter dirty, like an overused air filter dirty. 




 Yeah, but did you figure out whiskey before you figured out your partner? 




 /r/I'm14andI'veneverbeenanywhereremotelynearabaratall 




 94... My 7th grade geography bee winner self would be impressed... but not drunk me.... 




 It's mostly context when in a sentence. 




 When not in doubt ask for a receipt. 




 Walmart is dirty. 




 You live, you learn, you don't get married until you have a a taste for whiskey. 




 Unless the dog was clearly more attached to me. Which he is. 

BILL IS NOT A SWEATER POODLE. 




 Test crazy with someone recording video from the bushes as evidence. 

If they need to be separated from normal human beings, do it. 




 FREE RICHARD WAYNE GARY WAYNE! 




 Dude, you missed out. This is the equivalent of your dad teaching you the infield fly rule. 

Its important shit. 




