 But the stat says that 632 players played for Arsenal **before** Wenger, and that 188 players played under Wenger. So you have to add those numbers up before you work out the percentage, making it 22.9%, which is still a hell of a lot! :) 




 [The Daily Mirror](http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/arsene-wenger-infographic-stats-17-3625829) version doesn't quite match up to the standard of the OP. 




 Isn't her name Faith Nelson?

http://www.boobpedia.com/boobs/Faith_Nelson 




 You're really confusing me now, so I'll try again from the top!

You asked why they would even try and fix a match, when the authorities were going to be scrutinising it. When you said 'they', I assumed you meant the Nigerian players.

In my reply I said they may still try and fix the match regardless, as these things often involve lots of money and they might feel it was worth the risk. In this particular case I did mean the Nigerian players, but I also mean generally. For example, the Pakistani cricket players who were caught match-fixing must have known the dangers of being caught, but went along with it anyway.

So, in summary, any players from any sport who get involved in match-fixing are likely to know that they're being watched or that the consequences of being caught would be dire, but the money to be made can be enough of a temptation to try it. 




 No matter how many times I see it, I'll never be convinced this was anything but deliberate. A few people have said that he must have been putting pressure on both sides of the ball when he caught it, and when his right hand "slipped", the force of his left hand pushed the ball into the net. But the ball was coming straight at him more or less when he caught it, so most of the force from his hands would be behind the ball. I just don't believe for a second there would be enough force to push the ball in at that speed when his right hand did move without him actually chucking it in. 

I showed this to a friend of mine who abhors football and he burst out laughing when he saw it! 




 I'm talking in general about any player who is involved in match fixing. 




 Please God, don't let this happen!! :( 




 I would imagine they're happy to fix a match, even under close scrutiny, because they could stand to make a massive amount of money from it, and as has been demonstrated perfectly, it's almost impossible to prove whether or not someone has done something deliberately, despite how obvious it looks to those watching. 




 I'm with you mate, I can't see how anyone would see this as anything other than blatantly intentional. Yes a player jumps into him, but the ball was coming straight at him at the time of him catching it. I just refuse to believe there was enough contact, or the keeper was exerting enough pressure on the ball from one side, to cause that to happen! He's lobbed it! 




 The match isn't being fixed for the benefit of the Nigerian team, it's being fixed for the benefit of all the people who are in on it, and stand to make lots of money from bets. 




 Out of interest, are landlords allowed to specify at all when it comes to tenants? I only ask because I'm looking for a place in a house share at the moment in London, and one of the sites called Move Flat often has adverts that state "for female". I don't know if there's a "for male" option, but I've never seen an advert with that on it, although I would imagine the option is there.  




 She looks like a well-endowed Chloe Moretz. 




 Love this bit about Messi :D

 With a favourable draw, an impressive squad supporting him, and without Diego Maradona being behaviourally barmy and tactically unhinged in the dugout, the stage is set for one of the greatest footballers of all time to retake the lead in his personal World Cup goalscoring head-to-head against Brighton's Matthew Upson, which currently stands tantalisingly poised at 1-1. 




 Is there the possibility of Rangers going to the wall again over all this? I genuinely find it hard to keep up with goings on, especially as I don't live in Scotland anymore. 




 Ray-zon det-ruh

I think! 




 Sammy Braddy. 




 If you could provide a source for this I'd be very grateful :) 




 What's a brew? 




 Yeah winning against control is satisfying, mainly because my decks tend to get ripped apart by them! 




 I was just wondering if there's any decks you play against that give you that bit more satisfaction winning against than other decks.

I have a Sanguine Bond + Crypt Incursion deck which I've used to pretty good effect, but the deck I love to beat more than others with it is the U/B mill deck. I just played someone who was playing Jace, as well as Phenax, and in two turns he managed to mill me to about 12 cards left, and the whole time I was just sitting grinning as he fed my win condition. (I play online, so I don't need to play with a poker face!)

Casting the crypt incursion right at the death was highly satisfying :D

What are yours? 




 Hahahah! That gave me a proper belly laugh, wasn't expecting that at all :D 




 Yeah I've had bodies disappear and was always worried the rats had munched them, but it seems to just happen sometimes and doesn't register as a death, 




 Especially not when you're bouta go on! 




 Fucking hell - the very thought of being ridden cowgirl by Leanne Crow is instantly boner inducing, never mind a picture that shows you just what the view would be like!! 




 Wahey! Got it :) Thanks for the tips, it was definitely the drowning that did it before, I always made sure of the other ones you guys talked about. 




 Exactly! I've been doing that every mission, but didn't know about the drowning :( 




 When I do it this time, everyone is getting thrown on top of a fucking cupboard :D 




 I'm pretty sure that must have been what caused mine. I'll try again and make sure I keep them out the puddles this time! 




 They can drown??? Fucking hell. So if I sleep dart someone I need to make sure they aren't left in a big puddle of water? 




 I know there's been a recent thread about someone who took hours to complete a mission, only to have "hostiles killed:1" at the end, and I'm having a similar problem in The Surge level of the Knife of Dunwall DLC.

My question is - what kind of things can cause hostiles to be killed after you've knocked them out?

I know rats can eat them, so I always stash bodies off the floor.
I also know that falling from a height can kill them, so I always try to do a choke and carry.

What other ways can it happen? I got yet another single hostile killed in that level, even though I made sure no-one fell, and the bodies were out of the reach of rats (which I killed as well just to be sure!). 




 Thanks everyone. I didn't realise Chrome had such trouble with Silverlight. I've downloaded it again and I'm using it on IE and it's working fine :) 




 Chrome - do I need IE for HTML 5? 




 Hi everyone,

I've been having massive problems with Silverlight recently, getting that 2103 error code and not being able to fix it no matter what steps I take.  I noticed in the playback settings there's a choice for HTML5 over Silverlight, which I've ticked, but when I try to watch something it tells me I need to download Silverlight first!

Is HTML5 playback only available on Windows 8, or am I missing something somewhere?

Would really appreciate any help, it's very frustrating :( 




 Has anyone been to the temple of Abu Simbel? I'm dying to go, but feel like I should temper my expectations a little. It's only recently I've discovered they moved it, so it's not in the mountainside anymore like Petra is. Would appreciate any thoughts on it :) 




 100% agree. I couldn't beleive how small the Sphinx was, I was so disappointed :(

And I think the biggest disappointment about the pyramids is how close they are to the city. All the postcards etc. make it look like they're in the middle of the desert, but you can literally see them from a Pizza Hut not far away!

It has taught me one thing - do more research in future! 




 I think one of the biggest obstacles Liverpool could face next year is that Man City would have to be dreadfully unlucky to have Toure, Kompany, Aguero and Silva all injured for the same amount of time they did this year. Wasn't there some stat that they'd only played 216 minutes together? If City can keep them fit next year, and they'll more than likely add a couple more players, things will be very tough for Liverpool, especially with them in Europe again, which requires the squad to be used to its fullest. They'll still be challenging though, regardless. 




 That was started by Chelsea fans I think, and has been adopted since by anyone playing Liverpool! 




 It certainly would - Carroll plays for West Ham! 




 [This](http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/snooker/27048713) page from the BBC site is interesting. In the last decade, John Higgins is the only player to have won the championship (twice, in fact) having been involved in more frames than his opponent during the tournament. 




 I want Ronnie to win because, like you, I want him to finish his career as the undisputed best of all time - most world titles, most centuries etc.

I think if he was to play Selby his chances would be much higher. I agree that Robertson seems to have that toughness, and wouldn't be intimidated by his opponent or the occasion. 




 Thanks everyone, I managed comfortably in the end, the use of Halftracks was definitely my saviour :D

Unfortunately, I now find myself on the utterly horrendous Mortain counterattack and I don't know if I can be bothered with this style of level!  




 I do use my own tanks and AT guns, but this map is so wide, I find it hard to stop them finding a hole in my defences somewhere and getting behind me :( 




 Holy cow, I didn't know that! Thanks, that's going to make things much easier :) Although what I struggle with now is tanks rampaging through my lines, but I never use tank traps, so I need to start building them I think. 




 Thanks a lot for the reply :)

I do advance and build hard cover, but I was finding even that wasn't sufficient, but I've started to be more patient in my attacks, and sending back one unit at a time to reinforce while my other troops stay there and it seems to be working better. :) 




 Hi guys, I just started playing CoH a week or so ago, and I'm on the Hill 92 level and really struggling. The problem I'm having is that I send my troops etc. to attack, but each of my units loses a couple of guys or more, and I don't have the forward bases to replenish them, and I get overrun. Is there a tactic I should be employing that I don't know of? The only forward bases I can think of in this level are the ones on the left and right of the map. Is that what I should be using? 




 http://i.imgur.com/stFJnm0.gif 




 I love comics like this, where the women are bigger than the men (or boys in this case!) and take control, thanks for the post! 




 Oh my God, my stomach is in so much pain from laughing at this, and it's for the exact same reason as the one with the cat fail - the way the legs just splay out helplessly absolutely cracks me up every single time. XD XD

EDIT: And I think it's also the fact that neither of them even come close to making it. XD 




 [Craig Gordon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjXIsAACBuE) made a similar save a few seasons ago. 




 It's from her own website.

[This page](http://www.leannecrow.com/boobs/2803/Big-Boobs-On-Glass-GoPro-2.html?nats=) has a preview of it. Not sure if the section from the gif is in the preview though. 




 Love this! I haven't had the chance to get to Highgate West yet, but this is the piece I'm looking forward to the most when I do get there :) 




 I have been playing this game for a few days now, and I could not for the life of me get past 128. I follow this, and I get to 256 in seconds. Unbelievable.

Thank you both :) 




 Ah ok, thank you for the swift reply. Is it a 7 minute silence at the games, or something else? 




 I just checked the BBC Sport website for kick off times this weekend, and noticed these rather unusual times. I realise that a difference of 3pm and 3.07pm isn't huge, but I was just wondering if there's something on this weekend that has completely passed me by and is affecting kick off times. 









 Fear not Red_Vancha, there are those of us who took the post in the manner it was intended and got a chuckle out of it :-) unfortunately, dry humour doesn't always seem to translate well when it's just written :-( 




 Can anyone upload a gif of Lukaku and Martinez celebrating? Sounds like something worth seeing :D 




 I don't think this is fake. This is Maritza Mendez from the sexmex website, and she does have insane proportions.

[This ](http://www.primecurves.com/maritza-mendez-land-lady/)is the prime curves site with other pics from the set.

And [this ](http://www.sexmex.xxx/preview/models/maritza.html#girls)is her page from the sexmex site. 




 Sophie Reade 




 [This](http://i.minus.com/iXATejJ4TvHp.gif) is a zoomed-in version.

Also NSFL, obviously. 




 Allow me to furnish you with a pointless fact. I recently discovered that Stewart Lee lives in the same street as me. As you were. 




 This is the single biggest reason I've never seen The Hobbit films, and don't intend to. The Hobbit films are far too heavily based on (often not very good) CGI for my liking, while the orcs etc. in LOTR looked incredible. 




 Thanks guys, and thanks for the wikipedia snippet, it was the outside interference part I was wondering about the most. 




 Incredible clip, I've never seen that before! (We only get NFL coverage in the UK, not college).

Out of interest, what would have happened if the last guy had been obstructed by a band member too slow to get off the field and then been tackled? Other than the band member being beaten to a pulp by the team of course! 




 Your second point is the reason these titles rile me so much. Don't try and sway my opinion before I've even read something with some manipulative crap. I'll form my own opinion as to whether or not I'm 'blown away' etc., which, nine times out of ten, I'm not!

 




 An artist wanted to take photographs of a small US town. How he did it will leave you speechless... 




 A man decided to make some model cars. What he did next will blow you away... 




 Perhaps, but it was more the length I was referring to. I thought the original was too short, and this one fixed that. 




 Perfect! Thanks mate, this should get upvoted to be top comment, it's better than the OP! 




 Ah, I was looking at the 'as it stands' table on the BBC site, and you're right, after this game we still have a game in hand over them. 

Disappointing would be an understatement I think if we didn't manage it :( 




 Thanks guys :) 




 I didn't realise before this game that we had a game in hand over Tottenham! Brilliant! 

Is 6th place enough for Europa league as things stand, or is that dependent on Man City winning the league? 




 Thanks for these mate.

Is Mignolet slightly at fault for the first goal? (as well as the defence obviously) I can't believe he's left such a big gap to his right.

Liverpool's goal was a cracker, gorgeous pass to Johnson. 




 Apologies if it's been posted already, but it reminds me of [this lovely video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Apsz1lVyXSY). 




 That housewife one is fucking brilliant, thanks for that. 




 Her name is Stacey Poole, not Lucy :) 




 Thanks mate :) 




 Hi everyone, Tomb Raider is on sale in Steam at the moment and I'm definitely going to snap it up, but was wondering what the different versions include (well just surviuval and GOTY because vanilla is obvious!).

The reason I ask is because I bought Dead Space 2 GOTY and wish I hadn't because I hate the way that some of the DLC gives you better equipment earlier than you would normally get it, and I want to avoid that if I can with TR.

Does survival just add extra multiplayer maps, or does it include some equipment as well?

Would be very grateful for any info! 




 Christ, those things are natural. 




 The dinner of champions. 



















 It was decent of Steve Bruce to stick up for Pardew, but his comment of "It's not like Alan, he's an established Premier League manager" seems a bit odd. Didn't Pardew push an assistant ref earlier in the season? 




 I love how Merson reacts like a kid opening a christmas present! He's loving it! :D 









 Who is that on the right? 









 Stupendous body! 




 Personally speaking, I actually prefer these types of pictures to the ones where the girl in question is flashing her bits to all and sundry. 




 I would be of absolutely no use I'm afraid. I'm a guy - I just post pictures I find elsewhere on the net! 
























 I love pictures like this. I always imagine myself lying on top and burying my face in them!! Great fun. 




 I really want to be excited for this film, but after seeing this trailer I just can't be. I think it looks like it's just going to be yet another in a long line of bad-average movies that lean far too heavily on the CGI aspect, at the expense of everything else (King Kong, Transformers, Avatar etc.). I really hope they prove me wrong! But the cgi at 0.45, and 1.09 just makes me cringe :( 









 Holy fucking shit, those legs, and that ass!!!! 




 I swear someone in the English FA has incriminating pictures of Michel Platini somewhere. Can't believe their luck, again! Meanwhile we're stuck with one of the teams favourite to win the World Cup! Again!

Ah well, at least we'll have some fun away days :D 




 Alexa Attias I think 




 Yes they do, but they expect us to use it responsibly and constructively, as I imagine most places do. Sadly, sitting looking at pictures of women doesn't really count as either. 




 Love it! Dresses that are off one shoulder drive me crazy! Such a sexy look. 




 This woman's thighs are absolutely incredible! 




 I don't know where you work, but if I was caught looking at pictures of women on the internet in my workplace, whether they were clothed or not, I'd be in a disciplinary meeting before you could say 'phwoooooooar'.

This sub is NSFW by default :) 




 Apologies for the poor quality 









 Apologies for the poor quality. 









 Apologies for the poor quality. 





























 Cora Skinner 




 I was sat there staring at the screen for ages thinking I was going made because I couldn't see a CS anywhere! This clears up the mystery, thanks! 




 I had the ending similarly ruined, but by that utterly unfunny cow Daisy Donovan. I'm glad she's disappeared into the ether. 




 Thanks for the sub! :) 




 Do you just use words in your search, or is there a program similar to karmadecay that looks for similar images? 




 Olesya Malinskaya 




 We do indeed :) 




 One of my favourite ever replies on Reddit :) 




 This is one of the top pics in /r/legs, for obvious reasons :D 




 How do you do that without affecting the resolution? 




 Thanks :) 




 I went to Uni in Hull, stayed on Auckland Ave :) Great memories! 



















 Hi guys, I checked this with the mods first and they're ok with me posting this. I've noticed a couple of hardcore pics of bimbos here recently, and just wanted to make everyone aware that myself and /u/timetopull set up a sub for that very reason called /r/bimboxxx 

To be honest, I feel like I'm ploughing a bit of a lone furrow there at the moment, so it would be great to see people over there and posting some stuff :)

Cheers! 




 Just saying a picture is photoshopped and leaving it at that isn't very helpful. I'll gladly take this down if you can provide an unedited version, or if you can point out the telltale signs. 



















 /r/bimboxxx

:) 














 Is anyone else's PC telling them that these posts were made 18 hours ago??? 




 I don't think so unfortunately. She's one of these girls who posts loads of instagram type pics, but never do the nips see the light of day :( 




 http://i.imgur.com/oXtNbN5.jpg 




 Thanks! Would you be keen for me to find more pictures of this ilk? It seems to me this sub definitely favours the slimmer woman wearing the tight dresses, but I love tight dresses on curvier women as well :) 




 I can only imagine the number and content of the PMs you must receive. Although I'm a guy, I sometimes post pictures with the word 'selfie' in them, and on more than one occasion I've had guys think it was me in the picture and send me a plea to show them more of my heavenly body. I have to admit, I've been tempted to send them a quick snap of my dazzlingly pale, non-female form, just to see their reaction, but I've resisted so far! 



















 One for those of use who enjoy the more voluptuous figure :) 







































 I realise I'm going against the grain here by saying this, but this is such a shitty thing to do someone if it's genuine and I can't believe it's getting upvoted. 




 Yeah, if this is what trannies look like, sign me up!  




 Fucking hell, I've never seen that before, and it is genuinely one of the funniest things I've ever seen. Laughed for a solid ten minutes there, thank you!! XD XD XD 




 Similar face, but there's no way that's actually her. I have no idea who it is though, sadly :( 




 Early shot of Miriam Gonzalez 
























 Not sure if this counts! If not, please remove, mods :) 














 Fucking incredible body. 




 Wish I knew :( 




 Quite. Imagine those wrapped around you! 




 WOW!!! Anyone got an ID? She's fucking stunning. 




 :) Thanks for taking this in the manner it was intended! I was a bit concerned I'd crossed the line! 














   i cut the upper part to not show her face etc, i guess you'll understand why

Is she massively ugly?

Only kidding, mate!!! Absolutely amazing pins :) 














 I'm not great with bra sizes, but I'm fairly certain they're fucking enormous. :) 




 Thanks for the video, mate. When I watched the gif it made me wonder why she made that shot in the first place. I couldn't understand how she'd managed to judge the flight of the ball so badly that she had to hit the ball behind her own back! But that clip clears it all up :) (For anyone who can't see the clip for whatever reason, the ball hits the net on the way through, significantly changing the trajectory of the ball) 




 I don't remember the quote exactly that's my favourite, but it's when Kelly and Bud are both going to bed.

Al: Kids, have I ever told you how much I love you?

Both: No Daddy.

Al:....why don't you go think about that. 









 I have such a weakness for redheads. Especially ones with faces and bodies like this!! Awesome post OP, thanks! 




 You could just say you were living up to your username ;) 




 This is one of these things I'd need to get done to me to believe it actually works (please note, this is not me saying it doesn't work). Surely to goodness you'd recognise that the person you were talking to literally seconds before has completely changed? 

One of the things that makes me think this particular clip is staged is because when the girl bends down and gets the phone, she starts turning her head while the other guy is still there. Surely she'd see him in her peripheral vision from there? 




