 Something this sub has been teaching me in the short time I've been here - we do have someone. We all have someone. Even if it's just here, on /r/depression, we all have each other. This sub has proven to me that, when I feel like I don't have someone in my life I feel I can turn to - there's here. There's this. We all may be strangers to each other, but that gives us the unique ability to see what you're going through from a different perspective, and to honestly tell you what, at the most, what we think may help, or at the least to offer support. But what I'm sure a lot of people would like you to know is this -

You are not alone. You are never alone. When your mind is shrouded in darkness, seek a light. Seems to me like there are a lot of lights here willing to share their own warmth with you. I hope whatever storm you're going through right now passes, and if you need help, come here. Come to us. Open up - and let us help you through it. 




 Six times down, seven times up. Whenever you fall, all that matters is that - at some point - you get back up. That's what you're doing. Life may have knocked you down, but you're picking yourself back up! That's applause worthy! Good job! 




 If all that the people around you are doing is wringing their hands and watching you drown - that's not support. But you do have a valid point - for some people a large support group is good. The more people who are aware of what you're going through, who seek to understand what you're going through, means that you're going to have more people available to help you when times get tough. For some people, a large support group helps.

For me personally, my support group (friends and family), is actually rather small. Many of my friends and all of my family are aware that I suffer from depression.  But out of all them, there are actually only a few of them I feel comfortable taking my issues to. The size of my support group, I can count the number on one hand. For me, that works. But I believe it's important to have a support group - even if it's just one person - because I believe depression is something you shouldn't go through alone. It's good to have at least one person that you can use as a soundboard. 'This is what I'm going through now, this is how I feel' - and if they're good support, they're going to listen to you. And if you trust them to speak their mind, and be honest, they can help you figure out whether or not it's your own mindset just working against you. When I get seriously depressed, I have a tendency to think I have it all figure out, this is how it is. But then my support-friends have, more than once, stepped in and said 'No, Echo - you're not wrong for feeling this way, but you're misunderstanding what's triggering it'. That's how a supportive group has helped me. And I honestly do believe it can help other people. 




 You're welcome! And yes, get involved! Even if it just means lurking through the posts and reading about other peoples experiences, it can help, because there's a very good chance you'll find people with similar experiences! And if you ever want to talk, my ear is open! 




 Do more than hope! Open up - even if it's privately, not just myself, but I'm sure many people on here are open and available to lending an ear. 




 You're very welcome! I'm glad I could offer some help. Take care of yourself. 




 I'm glad I could help. And I meant every word of it. As for your faded dreams - see it for what it is; a blank canvas. The dreams you held may be faded, but that presents you with the opportunity to grab some paint and some brushes, and paint yourself a new one. It's do-able, and I have confidence that you can do it, for the sheer fact that you reached out to seek help. Remember, you're not alone. And as for the hope I've given you - take it, wrap it up in a box in your mind, and save it - save for the next time you feel like this, and when you do, reach into your mind, and tear open that box as if it were birthday present. Let it warm you through the cold and dark times. Take care, stay safe. Blessings and hugs. 




 I'd to start off by giving you exactly what you asked for - it will be alright. I know I'm going to sound cliche saying this, but time does heal wounds. But that doesn't change the fact that, when that wound is inflicted, it hurts - and it hurts like hell. And even if you -were- depressed over a teenage break-up, there's -nothing- wrong with that. You had your heart broken, it's only natural to feel the pain of the break. I'm glad you have someone you can talk to, but if it isn't helping like you want, then find other ways to get what you're feeling off your chest. This, right here, what you're doing, is a great start. You probably did leave out a million things, but then again, trying to put ALL your pain into one huge post would be soul-crushing, so it sounds to me like your mind subconsciously broke it down into what's really bothering you. And I'll risk sounding cliche one more time - there are plenty of fish in the sea. But there's time for that, you're still young. Focus on you - focus on finding what makes -you- happy, what gets -you- through the day, and pursue it. One thing I've learned throughout my life (I'm 31, to put it in perspective) is that you can't help make other people happy unless you're happy. And when you're suffering from depression, sometimes it feels like you have better chances of finding a unicorn than this elusive beast so many people call "happiness". But it exists, even in small doses. In fact, that's usually how it starts - in small doses. Take those doses, and treasure them. As for how you feel about harming yourself - please, I beg you, don't. You say you think you could never do that to yourself? Good. Keep that mindset. Because I've attempted suicide more than once in my life, and I can tell you, at least from my experience, that it isn't the answer you're looking for. Down that road is only more pain, more darkness. You don't need that. What you need now is light, and love in its various forms. Search for that light, and when you find it (and I have confidence and hope that you -will- find it), hang on to it like your life depends on it. And one more time - exactly what you asked for; it's going to be alright. Your story isn't over, and you are worth fighting for - even if it feels like you're the only one fighting. Take care, be safe, and remember - whenever you're feeling down, you are -always- welcome here to seek solace. I hope this helps, I truly do. 




 When you're suffering like you are, there's no reason to stay silent. In fact, in my experience, when I try to hold it in, I find it doing more damage than good. And you may be right about some of the people in your life - they truly may not understand what you're going through. It hurts. It really does. But, again, there's no reason to remain silent, and there's no reason to go through it alone when you don't have to. And you don't have to.

You're not alone. Take some time to lurk through the depression sub, see what other people are going through - you'll be amazed at how much you can relate to. If you find you can't open yourself up to people in your life, then I've found it helps to step out of your comfort zone, and do what you're doing right now - finding a way to express how you're feeling. And in my opinion, you chose the right venue to express to. People here do care, and they are willing to help. Even if it's just to lend an ear for you to vent to, we're here for you. Talk our ears off. Tell us what you're going through. Some of us are even willing to just let you say what you want to say, and remaining silent so you can just vent and get it off your chest. Which helps. A lot.  




