 Never done it, I'm not much of a beach person. 




 So, in an effort to improve my aesthetics, I've joined the gym. Only problem is that to push myself, I need to have someone to lift with. I'm a skinny bloke, and the chance of me coathangering myself is pretty high.
Anyone around the Manly/Northern beaches area that wants to join me in a quest for swoleness? 




 So, in an effort to improve my aesthetics, Ive joined the gym. Only problem is that to push myself, I need to have someone to lift with. I'm a skinny bloke, and the chance of me coathangering myself is pretty high.

Anyone around the Manly/Northern beaches area that wants to join me in a quest for swoleness? 




 Yeah, I'm pretty much like this as well. I know that the likelihood of me getting a girlfriend that I'd be attracted to is low, so I don't even bother trying, nor do I complain about how hot girls won't date me. I know why they won't date me and it's the same reason why I won't date unattractive women. 

Physical appearanceeverything else in a relationship. 




 They better get rid of this bullshit before launch. Fuck, I had high hopes for this game. 




 Brings a tear to me eye. 









 Cheers, mate. 

This question was mainly directed towards people like you who happen to stumble across our sub and/or make an effort to post advice and the like. I got the feeling that the other sub I posted to didn't really give a shit about answering my question because I was just another sad, lonely male, and so I thought this sub might be able to better help me as most understand my situation. 




 I'm pretty sure this is still considered under FA jurisdiction. Anyway, here it is: 

"Hey guys.
I'm a bit new to this whole relationship-with-another-sex biz, being as I've had quite a bit of trouble with girls/women in the past and that I've never had a girlfriend/kissed/had sex/all that good intimate relationship stuff, so bear with me if I sound a bit naive or dickheaded as I'm pretty much running on a teenager's understanding of relationships.
So, the story goes that I met this girl at a party where I was quite drunk. I found her quite attractive and so mustered all the liquored-up courage I could find to talk to her. We got on pretty well and I ended up getting her phone number. I asked her on a date ( I'm pretty sure it was one) a week or so later, and when the time came, I met her and I had a pretty good time. After that, I asked her out again to which she said yes. However this second time she didn't respond to the plans I made for whatever reason ( which I was cool with) and we didn't go out.
We still texted however, with her almost always being the one to initiate conversation, as I was too terrified of appearing annoying and/or needy. After some time, we agreed on seeing each other again and this time actually did. It went well again ( I think), except this time I didn't press for another meeting.
Again more sporadic texting continued( I'm not so good at maintaining constant contact) with her one day hinting at ( well, not really hinting, she pretty much said, " Let's meet up again.") meeting again. I agreed, we made plans, but we both forgot to follow through.
Fast-forward to this week where I asked her out to dinner and she agreed ( as usual). After this she asked me whether or not we were going on a 'date' to which I replied that I don't mind whether it is or not. She decided that we should probably keep it casual, I agreed.
I should probably mention that during this whole time communicating with her her I've been trying hard to balance the teenage urges of wanting to finally get my first-kiss/lose my virginity/have a girlfriend and my more realistic attitudes on the fact that she might not want to date me and that her friendship holds just as much value as a possible intimate relationship.
So, I'm left wondering whether I should deal with these urges to get a girlfriend by pushing for a more intimate relationship but risk ruining a perfectly good chance at a friendship, or whether I should play it safe but retain a possible deep-seated pining for her to view me as more than a friend that may lead me to becoming resentful and bitter.
What do?
TL;DR: I've been communicating with a girl and have developed a fondness for her but don't know whether I should harness this fondness and channel it into making a lasting friendship with her, or whether I should push for intimacy ( which I am severely lacking in my life). What should I do?
Cheers!"

Thanks, guys.  




 Mirror? Looks like Youtube's taken down the video. 




 Hey guys.

I'm a bit new to this whole relationship-with-another-sex biz, being as I've had quite a bit of trouble with girls/women in the past and that I've never had a girlfriend/kissed/had sex/all that good intimate relationship stuff, so bear with me if I sound a bit naive or dickheaded as I'm pretty much running on a teenager's understanding of relationships.

So, the story goes that I met this girl at a party where I was quite drunk. I found her quite attractive and so mustered all the liquored-up courage I could find to talk to her. We got on pretty well and I ended up getting her phone number. I asked her on a date ( I'm pretty sure it was one) a week or so later, and when the time came, I met her and I had a pretty good time. After that, I asked her out again to which she said yes. However this second time she didn't respond to the plans I made for whatever reason ( which I was cool with) and we didn't go out. 

We still texted however, with her almost always being the one to initiate conversation, as I was too terrified of  appearing annoying and/or needy. After some time, we agreed on seeing each other again and this time actually did. It went well again ( I think), except this time I didn't press for another meeting.

Again more sporadic texting  continued( I'm not so good at maintaining constant contact) with her one day hinting at ( well, not really hinting, she pretty much said, " Let's meet up again.") meeting again. I agreed, we made plans, but we both forgot to follow through.

Fast-forward to this week where I asked her out to dinner and she agreed ( as usual). After this she asked me whether or not we were going on a 'date' to which I replied that I don't mind whether it is or not. She decided that we should probably keep it casual, I agreed.

 I should probably mention that during this whole time communicating with her her I've been trying hard to balance the teenage urges of wanting to finally get my first-kiss/lose my virginity/have a girlfriend and my more realistic attitudes on the fact that she might not want to date me  and that her friendship holds just as much value as a possible intimate relationship.

So, I'm left wondering whether I should deal with these urges to get a girlfriend by pushing for a more intimate relationship but risk ruining a perfectly good chance at a friendship, or whether I should play it safe but retain a possible deep-seated pining for her to view me as more than a friend that may lead me to becoming resentful and bitter.

What do?

---
TL;DR: I've been communicating with a girl and have developed a fondness for her but don't know whether I should harness this fondness and channel it into making a lasting friendship with her, or whether I should push for intimacy ( which I am severely lacking in my life). What should I do?

Cheers!




 




 Hey guys.

Was thinking of getting into a new MMO and saw this on Steam a while ago, but I'm worried that it might be dead.

Are there still large PVP battles as advertised and is the community large enough to not have me wandering around in a virtual ghost town?

Thanks. 




 Same :/ 




 We do the same thing here in Australia,too. Using 'us' as a first-person personal pronoun is only ever used in the imperative mood,though! Like, you can say, "Chuck us a beer,Shazza," but not, "Shazza chucked us (me) a beer." 




 Watch out, Tone's talking tough! 




 I find it admirable that you changed yourself, but what I'm trying to get across is the fact that your genetics, your 'decent looking' appearance, allowed such a change to begin.

I have lost count of the times I have read about people doing very similar 'life changes', but due to their physical appearance, there effort was fruitless.

Let me guess, judging on the fact that you could play basketball, you're at least average-tall height? Do you think you'd be in the same situation now if you'd been 5 foot 4? Or only 5 foot? Were you consistently mocked solely on your appearance in high school? How would you have joined the military and gained all that self-confidence if you'd had colour-blindness, short/long sightedness, any other form of minor or major disability that disallows many people from joining the military.

What I'm trying to say, mate, is that you, myself and most other people attempt to force how they overcame their past troubles onto another's present troubles without giving any thought as to the context of the other person and why they may feel/act the way they do.

It's good that you were able to change yourself, but realise that there are many factors at play that affect whether other people, especially FA people, could possibly change their life's circumstances. For some, there is no light, no green grass, no saviour in the clouds, only a life of agonizing monotony and crippling social rejection, despite any effort to change such a fate. 




 And where are these guys, most of which can barely speak to a stranger at a bus stop (myself included), supposed to gain this learning from if they can't even enter into ONE intimate relationship, no matter how unhealthy/healthy?

Count yourself lucky, mate, that your genetics gave you the right to proper social conditioning and previous social experience-- a right that  enables you to make these nice, egocentric platitudes in response to the suffering of those who were didn't receive such a bounty.  




 Let's be honest with ourselves, mate. 

You 'dated down' in looks to an acceptable level in your opinion; appearance still dictated who you went for as you specifically aimed to 'lower your standards', thus taking into account the fact that the girl you were looking for didn't quite meet your preference of appearance, and that you were conceding your 'decent looking' self to date someone lower or equal to how you viewed yourself physically.

Physical appearance most likely still presided over your 'revelation', only now you convinced yourself that it was the *personality*  of your chosen girlfriend, not solely her physicality, that you desired.

I have no doubt whatsoever if that 10/10 personality woman you were searching for looked like a foot, your 'decent looking' self would continue his search elsewhere for a mate. 




 **[Passive Aggression intesifies]** 




 It has everything to with your looks. What kind of fantasy world do you live in? 




 Happy Birthday, big fella! 




 Sorry,mate. First time on this sub;didn't read the sidebar. 




 Exactly. I think large ships should take a massive amount of time+multiple people to build. Building should be a team effort. 




 Yeah, keep telling yourself that. 









 I find that hard to believe. You look like the exact kind of girl that I would desperately try not to look at in an attempt not to be creepy if I saw you at a bar. 




 Of course it's not your fault, you don't choose what to eat, or how much you exercise. .. Grow the fuck up kid.

Don't listen to this bullshit. 

People couldn't give two fucks about whether you workout or eat right if you're objectively unattractive, especially if you have feminine facial features;you'll still only be "that ugly guy/girl with the good body." 




 Men who don't look like like 'proper' men have very little chance of being respected or desired, and if anything this tendency is growing stronger with standards of male physical beauty becoming increasingly stringent and commodified.

 This is exactly why I can never accept ' just be confident' stance from my friends when I tell them I'll likely never get a girlfriend. 

My genes failed me; it's unfortunate, but that's just how it is sometimes. My body/face would need to be aligned to what women naturally gravitate towards and that's something I physically can't do. 




 I'm a fifth! Also not in Melbourne,though. 




 Mate, that comment history is...shady at best. Redditor for one month but nearly every single one of your comments has to do with Russia/US, with your views holding a fairly obvious Western bias. And you've been commenting a lot in that one month.

I'm no supporter of Russia, but your account is kind of suspicious. 




 C'mon,mang. 

Don't you think this is a...little overboard? I only know a little about women, but I'm pretty sure most of them would agree that this sort of behaviour is what constitutes as creepy. 




 *sniffle* Brings a tear to me eye. 




 Mount and Blade. 

Slaughtering peasants always cheers me up. 




 The story of the scar isn't all that interesting,really. 

Basically, I went to put the bunny back in his cage and he used my arm as a springboard, ripping a sizeable chunk out of my arm with his bunny talons.

That wasn't what earned him his vicious reputation,though. He attained that through what he did to Hoolio, my mum's prized guinea pig. R.I.P Hoolio. :( 




 A surprisingly vicious rabbit. 




 Link to source? 




 [Lip smacking intensifies] 




 "Potato mash,sweetie?"

And here it was. 

That small white,lumpy hill of churned starch,butter and milk, served up on his favourite plate--the one with the colourful stegosauruses parading along its rim--sat testament to his corruption, his betrayal...*his murder.*

Heinrich felt as if he was on trial;his once blue high-chair felt as though it held him in place, a barbaric restraint for a barbarian. He squirmed under the lifeless, accusatory gaze of his former allies-- these once proud, dirt-caked, Lords of Soil and Grit now reduced to this formless, buttery aberration.

The dinosaurs on his plate also sat in silent judgement, their scaled mouths down turned in odium at the mangled corpse-pile held within their bowl. He failed to meet their eyes and stared at his spoon instead, begging for his hungry salivating to stop.

Heinrich had sworn, he had *sworn* to not become this monster, to stave off his based, involuntary desires. He had been a friend of all potatokind, a rare demonstration of the viability of human-vegetable non-aggression. And now here he was. A proponent of a different type of interaction, one that only benefited a single party:his.

It wasn't purely his fault,though. *She* was also to blame--it had been *her* that had made them tasty and buttery and creamy and fun to throw around the dining table.

At first he had had none of it. 

Not a single bite,nothing. He hadn't even allowed himself to breathe in the stench of such barbarity, his moral instincts had caused him to easily resist her debauched temptations. A swift report to the Potato Lord afterwards had reaffirmed his vigilance to potatokind, to them and to his own conscience. He had stood amongst the people of Pantryton and declared his undying love for their culture and people, had promised as long as this love continued, so would his protection. 

But then she had come again, this time with sauce. 

And, may the Potato God forgive his misdeeds,it had been tomato sauce. Rich, red, salty-sweet tomato sauce. Not even the usual stuff,mind you. The kind that came in a jar, not a cheap, rubbery bottle.

And she had lathered it on. 

Completely drowned the poor, broken bodies in it. The potato to sauce ratio had been insanely skewed in the favour of the sauce, and he knew it was deliberate. She knew how to play him, she knew his weaknesses.

As he had sat in his high-chair, he had begged for strength from the Potato God, but He had not answered his pleas. He had whispered prayers to the fallen before him,had planed to even hold a vigil in their honour, yet the sauce beckoned. 

It had promised his taste buds a pleasure so intense that his mouth had not been able to control itself, his hands had worked against his righteous might. And the sauce had not been lying, they tasted beyond anything he had ever imagined.

At first he had felt empty--a broken hero and a traitor whose insatiable appetite for sauce had caused him to break a vow that he had previously thought to be unbreakable.

 And then he had felt hungry.

His hunger had consumed him. Mash was being served daily, and he was devouring it like some voracious beast.

 His now pitifully weak conscious had desperately tried to cling to the virtues that had once constituted his heroic image, but its fight had been like that of a fruit mite's pathetic struggle to feed itself as its host apple rushed towards the school desk, both oblivious to their impending splatter.

Within a week, the entire population of Pantryton had been boiled, squished and eaten by their saviour. Not even the kumara had been spared.

He should have quit, he should have paid reparations to the now depleted potato village, he should be ashamed of this egregious slaughter.

Heinrich gulped down the last of the saliva and picked up his spoon.

But he liked it.
  





     




 Don't quite understand what you're saying,man. Are you talking about the suggestion, or the actual text itself? 




 Kind of a simple suggestion,really. I think that more variation in the way you are wounded in a fight with another player through a slightly deeper injury system would make pvp that much more intense. 

I suggest that the possibility of either becoming mortally wounded or suffering internal bleeding after being shot/axed/can-openered would add a nice higher risk factor to conflict. 

It could be as simple as adding another modifier [Mortally Wounded/Internally Bleeding] to the player's status after being hit in a certain area (chest) or by a certain calibre weapon that stays with them until they die from it, (it would be random,of course) or as complex as having different types of internal injuries (lungs,stomach,intestines) lead to varying times of death, with characters who have been hit in places like the stomach/intestines periodically crumpling/falling over due to intense pain before dying a slow,agonizing death a short distance away from where they were shot in contrast to characters hit in the throat/lungs gasping for air and coughing up blood whilst squirming on the floor. Accompanying animations/audio effects would be pretty cool as well. So would blood trails, but I don't know whether that'd be possible.

I feel that a lot of fights end up with both parties being shot, but only one surviving thanks to his insta-heal bandage, even if he was hit directly in the chest. Picture this:

Imagine you're scavenging through Elektro with a mate. You make a quick pass of the school but are ambushed by another player. Your mate is hit in the throat and goes down, his character gurgling and writhing on the floor while you are hit in the stomach. Your character falls to the floor as well, but you quickly make it back up and find cover. You can barely see as your character is in a great deal of pain/shock and you know you're about to die, but you decide to take whoever shot you with you into the inky black. You bandage up to stop the external bleeding, even though you know you're screwed anyway and make your way around and into the school--your character falls again as legs are failing him. You find el bandito smugly rearranging his inventory in one of the school rooms and blast the fucker. The last of your character's strength fails him and he falls into unconsciousness and the death but at least you got your revenge.

 Having a chance for bullets to become lodged in a character, requiring the need to be pulled out with pliers lest the character remain in constant pain and run the risk of infection,would be a nice addition as well.

What do you guys think? 




 Your accent changed halfway through,lol. 




 If /r/seduction and whatnot are to be believed, having a woman show interest in you. I can't even fathom how that would feel, or what I would do in the event that it did happen. 




 So would donating to this be like donating to a charity for the autistic or something? 




 Hey,guys. I've been studying linguistics at uni for about a year now and have decided that I would like to make my career based in the field of linguistics. I love studying languages, but I have no idea where I could go with a major in linguistics.

Any ideas? 




 It's not just plain pasta,though--it's got a cream-based sauce+bacon. How long do you think it would take for cooked cream to spoil? 









 Phew, I was pretty worried about that. 




 No,no it didn't. I know how I look, they were mocking me. 




 1. Watch Game of Thrones Season 4 in its entirety.
2. Play Day Z in its Beta
3. Play Space Engineers in its Beta
4.Play Rust in its Beta
5. Play The Forest. 




 "Imagine waking up next to that face."

:( 




