 Me too! Maybe it gives us more room to be ourselves?  




 I sort of do that. My social skills get poor because I spend a lot of time alone (because I have to, not by choice). I am comfortable with my friends and like to drink with them occasionally. I really don't drink in excess. But if I am also going to be in a situation like that around people I don't know I will definitely need to drink. In which case I am actually able to have fun and be social when I would otherwise not be able to do.       
I am actually ok with it and don't think it's a problem. Under normal circumstances I would just need to spend more time around people to become comfortable. But that's not an option so I just deal with it. 




 I'm not *too* radical. It's fine if it's not your thing. But before I lost my health I worked at a dog rescue that currently has about 500 dogs, not to mention the hundreds more they have been placed in homes. If it weren't for crazy dog people like me there would be millions of innocent and loving dogs with no homes and the amount of strays would be an even more substantial problem than it already is.       
If someone doesn't like me because of something like that I will gladly not have them in my life. Which has always worked out because it gives me more time to be with dogs as well as people who love the same way I do. 




 My dog doesn't like people that don't like dogs. Anyone my dog didn't like gave me an unnerving feeling. Then they all ended up being bad people and doing unkind things to people. I trust dogs more than people.       
I have never gotten along with someone who doesn't like dogs. So I choose to avoid them. I'm not saying everyone else should too. And if you don't like dogs you wouldn't want to be part of my life anyway. I don't give a shit if someone wants to not like dogs somewhere else.       
Dogs just want to love and please people and be happy. It doesn't make sense to me to not like furry happy little critters that are better people than actual humans. They mostly just do cute shit all the time anyway.  




 Plenty. 




 If you smoke that could be why. I smoke but mine would be saggy anyway because I have a collagen deficiency. 
I am 23 and have saggy boobs also. It took me a while to accept it but it's really not a big deal. I am a sexy woman and while my boobs may not be my favorite I still really love my curves. And enyone who matters will love them too. 




 It doesn't matter for everyone but it does for me. Rescuing dogs is a serious part of my life. I'm not saying anyone that doesn't like dogs is shitty. I'm just saying they aren't the type of person that should be in my life.  




 That's true. But dogs are a major factor in my life. Just because someone is decent doesn't mean I can be friends with them. That goes for everyone.  




 Plenty of drugs, some vandalism when I was younger and a stupid ass. Shoplifting but not much. Plenty of trespassing (and one time I didn't get away with it), underage drinking, drinking in public, public nudity, sharing my narcotics, and probably more I can't think of.  




 Perks of Being a Wallflower.      
I'm not terribly into it or anything but I was amazed at how the movie was exactly like the book. All the way down to the vibe of it.      
 




 I'm not sure they nailed it. They were both great though. If I recall correctly the book was fairly different. Wasn't it from the perspective of Cheif? 




 It really was brilliant.  




 "I can't stand dogs."      
I immediately won't trust them. If it's someone that can't be around them because of allergies or a phobia or something that's different and understandable. But dogs are a big part of my life and they also happen to be a great judge of character.       
Edit: Apparently having a personal preference that doesn't hurt anyone else is completely unreasonable and quite controversial.        
On that note, for the first time I have been disapproved of over being part of doing something positive for the world.  




 Yeah it is a really fulfilling job.I had to leave it because of health problems which is a huge bummer.  




 I wish. My great grandfather was a drunken Filipino pirate.  




 It's more about functionality. When it's cold nothing is better.  




 Yes! I have sold merch for a band before and it was a blast. After that I played music with them and made enough money to live off of. At the same time I was also working as a contortionist in a scummy sideshow act. Waaaaayyy more fun than having a real job that makes good money.  




 I be disabled and make nothing and have no income. I have many years of experience in the fields of chronic pain, fatigue, joint problems/deterioration, as well as others.        
I don't mean to brag but at 23 I am actually one of most experienced in my field and age range.          




 Yes. I don't usually care for pure bred dogs. But if they need rescued they are just as great as others.      
I do have a thing for black lab mixes though.  




 I worked at a pit bull rescue. They are the silliest and have the best dog smiles ever. All they want to do is love. 




 Cloaks are totally okay though.  




 Yes! I made a shirt that I painted used tampons on the front of.  




 I have had a friend since high school and we are really close, we actually dated for a while a couple years ago. At the time he had this kinda cool punk rock leather vest that was worn out and faded in spots. Since we were constantly fucking with each other I took advantage of the fact that he was colorblind and convinced him his vest was purple. It was glorious.  




 Mine is sort of the opposite.  




 When I was in high school I had a pair of etenies that lasted forever. Wherever they are they are still in good condition. They are seriously the most comfortable shoes. Unfortunately they no longer match my style.  




 I'm a lady. All my favorite clothes are either from a free box, second hand, and occasionally offline. I mostly just shop at regular stores for basics like tank tops, socks, and underwear.        
I don't wear many colors. Black, white, dark maroons/blues/greens. Also light brown to beige.       
I also alter a lot of clothes myself. For some reason I don't like my clothes to look like they cost much money. It makes me really uncomfortable to dress nice. I mean I will wear a cute dress going out but it will probably be from 20 years ago or so. I am not a materialistic person except when it comes to clothes. My wardrobe is a big part of me. Most people hate how I dress (or are completely fascinated) but but it makes me happy.       
My most notable thing is that I don't use a purse (because I have health problems and they make my shoulders sore) so I wear a tool belt most of the time. It is incredibly convenient.  




 Yeah I kind of expect it will take quite a while.  




 Yeah I am gathering paperwork and trying to get all of my official diagnoses right now.  




 I know I am going to have a hell of a time trying to get mine. I'm a 23 year old gal with tattoos and piercings. Not excited about it but I have no other options.  




 Damn.  




 That's nice that they make it easy for soldiers. Everyone else gets to wait years.  




 That is some really good information. Thank you!  




 [People from countries with similar programs are also welcome.]        
How long did it take for you to be granted? Did they make it extra difficult? If you have any tips or advice for someone else applying that would be appreciated.  




 Probably for the best.  




 Yes they are the best.       
I'm a little bit of a miserable person. Mainly because I have chronic pain. But I am one of those depressed types that is funny and everything is a joke. I have a giggling problem. Not really a problem. But my reaction to most things is to giggle. Apparently most people don't want to laugh all the time. I don't get it. 




 That's what I did. I was 14. I knew better than to think it would be some special moment and I had decided I was ready. There was I guy I dated for a couple months so I just got it over with. He cheated on me then dumped me and I didn't even care.        
Doesn't matter. Had sex. 




 This reminds me of someone I know like that. I work with him once a year at a festival and he is absolutely the largest man I have ever seen yet he has the demeanor of a sweet peppy teenage waitress. But amplified by 100. He has to be coming up on 7 feet.         
This guy is indescribably happy. His face does nothing but smile. I would have a hard time believing that he doesn't also smile in his sleep. When I see him he gets so excited and politely asks me for a hug.        
His size and temper are both extraordinarily notable on their own. And he is both. He may actually be one of my favorite people ever.      
The job we do is security and I think that if he ever had to physically intervene because of someone posing a threat it would make him really sad. He is so good to everyone around him it's crazy. 




 I haven't had that problem.  




 Possibly. But all I was getting at is that there are plenty people that take antidepressants that are perfectly suitable as a partner. There are also other reasons to take them. 




 Yes. I am pretty mentally intact now. But it's complicated. My psychotic depression is caused by my chronic pain, which is caused by a genetic condition. And doctors don't generally don't treat chronic pain in people my age because they are more concerned about covering their own asses than a patient's quality of life.  




 I don't know. If it is healthy and on someone you are already attracted to then it should be fine.  




 Haha. That's awesome.  




 Yes. My skin isn't stretchy though. But there is this, http://i.imgur.com/opdFZKj.jpg.       
I wouldn't feel guilty about it. Just because it sucks doesn't mean it's not interesting. And people like it when someone knows about their illness already.  




 It was the part where you referred to men that don't care as desperate or inexperienced that was off putting.  




 Yeah I don't mind. Most disabled people actually aren't uncomfortable talking about their conditions unless it's embarrassing or something. From what I have seen anyway.       
I have ehlers-danlos syndrome-hypermobility type, POTS, osteoarthritis, dysautonomia, TMJ, and whatever else I'm forgetting. But it's all mainly caused by the ehlers-danlos which is a genetic connective tissue disorder. Which is caused by a collagen deficiency, collagen is basically the glue that holds all of the fine tissue together. So my tendons and ligaments don't really work as well as some other things like small blood vessels.       
It's an awful illness but it is also really interesting.  




 I love it. 




 Turkish Royals are kinda okay.  




 Too late.  You can't take it back now.  




 When it goes all hivemind and suddenly everyone is on some stupid angry reddit vendetta.  




 Cuticle trimmers. I mean they're sharp, not a lot of reach on them though.  




 Me. I'm not even dead.  




 I can't really talk about it right now.  




 They are just the only ones that don't taste like vomit to me. 




 Harold and Maude.  




 You would be surprised by how much a lot of people enjoy things that aren't the perfect stereotype. Some of us are actually quite attracted to regular people and find it rather fulfilling.  




 Genital dirt?  




 Quite the creative sense of humor you've got there. No one would have ever have thought of that joke!        
But seriously, if you want to pay my psychiatric bills be my guest.  




 Wow. Crazy. 




 Yeah that's what I smoke as well.  




 Well for a month before I got on antidepressants I was completely livid all the time. Most nights involved sobbing and screaming and punching myself in the head. It was really scary not having any control over thoughts and some actions. I would randomly yell things at people before the words were even in my head. They just came straight from my mouth. Looking back it feels unreal. The normal me is quite reasonable.  




 Actually, after I wash in the shower I rub myself down with coconut oil. Including my whisker biscut.         
Coconut oil is amazing.  




 I accidentally tripped my cousin while she was super pregnant. She caught herself so it was fine. But yeah.      
Also my  best friend and I had discovered masturbating with the shower head at about  10 or 11. We would shower together and take turns. We knew it was sexual but didn't really understand nor did we put much thought to it. We just knew it was awesome. The dialog that went on though. Oh jeez. "Hurry up its my turn!"... "Hold on I haven't twitched yet!"       
We were weird children.  




 Regular ones I will toss but if they are ones I love (like my jackalope ones!) I will sew the hole up. 




 Too bad you don't have more arms.  




 Cocaine.       
I didn't go to my senior prom. Because reasons.  




 Yes. I'm at least considered a "light smoker" I smoke a half of one at a time and maybe a pack every 3 or 4 days. 




 Apparently.  




 Seriously. I don't even know what it would be like to be at a 4 pain wise. That would be amazing.  




 Not sure what I could do for rescuing dogs or spreading awareness about invisible illnesses unfortunately.  




 So I have one of those extreme phobias that is completely irrational.         
Fucking ladybugs. Even the word makes me feel all nope.      
I am so scared someone would thing it's funny to send me one of those packages that- you see where I'm going with this. I done. Fuck that shit. 




 I don't want to quit smoking because it's one of the few things I enjoy.  




 It's really a problem.  




 Absolutely the worst. It makes me uncomfortable.  




 I think that if there is something like that it's not as sentient as people think and it's not as much some god rather something we are all part of. But then again I don't worry about that shit much.      
I know that as long as I try and make good choice and treat people well and so on then it should all be fine.  




 I'm just misunderstood!  




 This one is cheesy but for some reason it just gets to me lately. I Have to Say I love You in a Song by Jim Croce. And on that sort of note, Trouble by Cat Stevens.      




 I was learning to play stand up bass for a bit until my early onset osteoarthritis kicked in. I'm kind of glad I didn't end up seriously getting into playing that because it would have cost so much to get my own. And I would still have ended up with a 'cheap' one that would need repairs and not to mention be hard to play. 




 Marshmallow girl? 




 I loved mine but it tried to kill me. So that was fun. I love a good kidney infection.  




 I am a 36 C and cheap bras are fine for me. I mostly wear bralettes anyway. Or not even wear one. No way would I spend a bunch of money on something like that.  




 Good! 




 I'm sure it great for the kids to have time with them too. 




 That I should be allowed to quietly have armpit hair and it's no one else's business.        
It's usually an issue with strangers. But it turns out that having armpit hair is a great way to keep people out of my life that I wouldn't want to be associated with anyway. Not all of them, but a good amount.  




 "What do you mean you're sick?"  Particularly when it is followed by "It can't be that bad, wait until you're older!".  For some reason a lot of people refuse to believe that a young person can be disabled.        
And then there's the constant "Have you tried yoga/acupuncture/exercise/tumuric/ground up turtle shells with baby butterfly tears?" Oh I never thought of trying to find ways to feel better! I have been having so much fun being in constant pain and mourning the life I wanted to have! I don't know what I would have done had you not reminded me that yoga exists! Thanks so much! 




 The problem with that is that 'everyone' includes children. 




 The power to make everyone around me giggle uncontrollably. It would be useful for tense situations. Or sad ones. Or just because. Or when the president is speaking on live television.  




 I worked as a server for a bit at this shitty hole in the wall Tiwaneese run Italian joint that was in the business district of the city. Not only were most of the customers awful because of the location but the management was the worst. I'm pretty sure they are getting shut down now. It was a small chain that had their own supplier but the couple that ran it were so cheap and stubborn that they just made all the stuff they were supposed to have supplied.       
They were also really mean and liked to get in my face over nothing. I always got in trouble for things other people did. Days that I made decent tips (decent like maybe $20) my manager would tell me the drawer was short about as much money as my tips were so she would take my tips. They also hired a lot of girls that did nothing and we're super bitchy. So I would be catching the oven AND taking a phone order while my co worker was sitting there texting and my boss would come yell at me because there were dished on a table. Or if I tried to tell her something she didn't want to hear she would pretend she didn't understand my English.              
There was all kinds of bull shit like that. Eventually I got another job that wanted me to start as soon as possible. The next day at the end of my shift I was like "Hey miss Eva, I can't come in tomorrow...... Or at all.... I quit." She was pissed and tried to tell me no. She didn't get her way. 




 Sick person here. For me, basically any kind of regular day a normal person would have. Last time it took me a week to recover. Also almost any kind of exercise is pretty bad for me. 




 Probably not anxiety and PTSD. I'm talking about the bitchen that completely understand what they are doing.  




 I hate when that happens! 
I'm never going to Taco Bell again.  




 They really awful. Why would I want salty berries in my food? Gross. 




 Excuse you? I'm sorry I must not be understanding you correctly.  




 I wish I never learned that. It's making me uncomfortable and now I'm worried that it's going to come up all the time. 




 There are different types of crazy. The kind you really need to worry about is not the ones that need medication. It's the vindictive fucked up crazy bitch that will make a mission out of ruining your life.       
Source; am the medicated kind.  




 Yeah that's nice of your parents.  




 Not everyone can okay dad!!! 




 That's a great idea!  




 Well please then, explain.  




 It is a symptom. I actually just figured it out. 




 I'm bet he realized he was wrong as soon as he saw your books and just kept being awful because it made him frustrated and he didn't want to be wrong. 




 Why would I do something to my body for anyone but myself? I leave that sort of shit to people like you. I don't base my self worth off the acceptance of shitty strangers.  




 I'm not too good at English. Thanks for not getting your feelings hurt over my armpit hair.  




 Why? 




 I live in a country where it doesn't work that way.  




 I asked my doctor about it and it turns out it is actually normal. 




 Haha, yes! I love Simon and Garfunkel.  




 Definitely make a list. I actually made a flow chart recently. Haha. 




 It's still fairly abnormal.  




 Weird! 




 Did they give you anything for pain at least?  




 Haha. I would love to talk to a doctor like that. 
And luckily my hypermobility is very visible so I do show them that. 




 Probably not considering that her feet already have issues. Also her feel look pretty small so I imagine she's short. Standards for being a ballerina are crazy. 




