 I bought my first house in Whiterun, did perfect setting for the kitchen table and boom the next time I came home everything had reverted to the default and the new things I added were lying on the ground... 




 Chances are you know about this already but this website/book is my goto reference for g.o.t. meals

http://www.innatthecrossroads.com/ 




 Lol same here. But I suppose watching your dog eat a cake that looks like him/her would be kinda awkward.

Kudos to you op, it's an impressive cake! But I'd feel somewhat guilty eating the cake that looks like a cute puppy ;–; 




 Is this a home recipe? I'm a novice when it comes to baking but I'd like to have a go at this, if you don't mind sharing it. 




 God butter cream is the best. I try to stay away from it lest I lose all self control and devour it all. 




 Did you make it yourself? It's really pretty! I've never been a big fan of mangos but I'm willing to give another shot at it with this! 




 Sometimes /r/food baffles me. OP shares a nice dessert recipe, something you may wanna try out when you feel like it, and people are either criticizing the time required for prepping the dish or fighting over the potential loss of vitamin c. If you don't like it why not just hit back and move along? 




 The cake looks delicious and the t-rexes are adorable!! I imagined something overthetop like dinos in a swamp or something haha. 




 Would risk getting clawed for that fluffy goodness! 




 S/he's like a fluffier version my cat!! So adorable 3 




 I'm sorry you had to say good bye to Willow. Her purring must have meant to comfort you as well, asking you not to be sad because she is now free of pain and frolicking in the kitty heaven. Sending you hugs. 




 Whenever the show/book presents this kind of predicament I usually have my own answer about how to handle things but damn, this one really left me at a loss for words. Even from Jon's POV too in terms of trying to convince him. 

It almost feels like Mance would've been murdered by one of the wildlings that felt betrayed and thought he sold them out, even if he had taken a knee. :( It was no win situation for him all around... 




 My cat is now 10 years old and still kneads on my hand while sucking his arm... I wouldn't mind except his claws hurt! 




 Rabbit that will hop on the world! He is adorable. ... I mean fierce! 




 I totally agree with you. I get from the corporate perspective the RP option is much more profitable, period. But chromas is hardly worth the RPs they ask for :( IPs seem like the reasonable alternative. Not to mention, for now, chromas in PBE don't look so appealing to me. 




 ... now you're pulling me further down to the fluffy abyss 3 




 I upvoted for visibility and I hope you get a response but it seems unlikely :( hope I'll be proven wrong. Best of luck to you. 




 Oh I see! I still have to learn the subcategories haha. Beautiful regardless! 




 Must. resist. petting the monitor ;_; 




 /r/catbellies will love this! 




 I know right! So far I have bagcat, blep, catbellies/gifs/highfive/loaf, jellybean toes and of course, cats. It must be true that the internet is populated purely by cats... 




 Siamese 3 His/her chocolate ears and blue eyes are so beautiful. Well photographed too!

Mine is mixed with a few other breeds so he only has a very faint lilac point. 




 Such a pretty colour combination. I usually have difficulty telling whether a cat is a girl or a boy (even though I have a cat myself) but your kitty has "pretty girl" written all over her face! 




 HAHA that is so cute. My cat has done that to me as well. 




 Oh my, seven! That is so adorable! More photos please if possible :3 




 The first photo os just perfect! "Wait I don't have my faCE on yet" :D 




 Alrighty will do! 




 I already love bencumb and martin freeman. It's Moriarty I can't stand! I was surprised so many liked him. Perhaps he is better in subsequent seasons? 




 Oh man I envy you so much! So beautiful. But RIP your black clothes ... I have a Siamese x Turkish Angora mix and he sheds like crazy. I can only imagine what the price may be for the marvelous fur of this magnitude. 




 Aww they must be really good friends if the cats feel comf enough to loaf near his face! 




 Is s/he loafing on top of neatly folded clothes? If so then it's such a cat thing to do xD  




 Let's try to stay strong. It's comical at this point how utterly trivial things like having a good lunch can cheer me up a bit. I do come across bad days but I try to remember I hit the rock bottom so I can bounce back.

Love you too and sending you hugs! 




 I would be a train wreck without my meds. Might not work for some but I was lucky enough to find pills that worked for me. Now I'm functional dysfunction! 




 True. I used to live in Vancouver west and needless to say the cost was outrageous. 




 Ashamed to admit curiosity got the best of me and had to look through his comment history.

http://np.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/31n9no/how_did_you_find_out_that_your_so_was_cheating/cq34ges

Guess bad experience  really made him bitter and kind of lose sight of things... 




 For some reason s/he reminds me of Cersei Lannister haha 




 I feel you on "I don't want to die but I don't want to exist" conundrum. After a certain point even death lost meaning to me. Guess it's a good thing. 




 I would love to just get in there and pet its majestic fur. But then I remember how much it hurt when my cat "playfully" scratched me and the persistence with which he pursued me after I hid... 




 You have a great voice! And I love the look on your son's face. "Daaad XD" kind of expression haha. This will be such even cuter in the future. I wish this subreddit were more active so more people could see this. 




 I love BC to death but I have to admit it's a great place only if you're ready to retire with a lot of money. :s I'm working abroad at the moment and hopefully one day I'll get to return home to have a house of my own... 




 I've seen this already but had to upvote it anyway because of Varis in this end. 




 I stopped watching Sherlock after Season 1 but goddamn now I have to catch up! I need to know how it came to this! 




 Congratulations! :D Beware underwater cigars! And I'll help you move your piano as long as it doesn't have to go upstairs. 




 Yup completely agree. Sometimes I've gone elsewhere after work so I could be alone somewhere in peace.

I hope you have a subreddit where you feel more at home though. Going to food and aww subreddits put me more at ease and make me smile. 




 Ahaha I know that look! S/he's precious3

My cat would groom and then kind of stare vacantly at nothing in this pose. Like he suddenly had an epiphany. 




 Awww. But also the cat has the "ugh this shit again" face 




 I keep finding out about these after blep brushybrushy highfives... they are all so awesome. Thanks for sharing. 




 The dog seems to feel very guilty indeed. 




 I'm so relieved you and the pretty cat were unharmed. :) 




 Fantastic Mr. Fox finally overcame his fear! 




 I'm pretty ignorant when it comes to American politics so it didn't even occur to me that Agnew was more than just a Futurama character. TIL haha 




 Good for you! I also love it when servers ask for id. It boosts my self confidence sure but it's always nice to see people who are thorough with their job. Keep it going bud and good luck with triathlons! 




 Damn, must you have everything? Your cats are perfect ;_; Please keep us posted in /r/cats about their, um, lack of shenanigans. haha 




 Thank you so much! I love the one where they're by the window. Beautiful kitties 3 I hope they are as well behaved as they are cute! hehe (though it seems the two factors are usually in an inverse relationship lol) 




 The look on his(her?) face in the last shot is just so adorable. Also I'd like to get him a hotdog outfit. 




 I get where he's coming from and I can see why some people don't really like Oblivion as much. But if I remember correctly, certain parts of the game heavily implied that peace and calm (what is referred to as "normal" in the game) were only superficial. Maybe some gamers wanted to see this more played out and presented as a real issue that the hero of the game had to deal with... 




 I really feel that rabies should be like affliction. Also I don't exactly understand why it increases DMG while reducing ACC. wouldn't it make more sense if it made the hero more susceptible to enemy DMG or something? Of course if this were to apply there would have to be less chance of getting rabies. 




 I miss those years. Granted I still love my cat to death but at times I miss his younger, more playful days when he actually paid attention to what I was doing to play with him.  




 Now this is where the phrase Alpha as Fuck actually applies. 




 I am so sorry you lost him. May he rest in the kitty heaven with a lot of toys and treats. Sending you internet hugs. 




 He walks like a lion! Beautifully photographed too, not that he needs to be any more photogenic! :p 




 My cat isn't allowed on the table but does it anyway if he wants my attention. Your cat is much more subtle in his protest... and so cute! 




 Both of them look like they'll be so much fun to hang out with. Lena in particular. 




 I have never met you and yet I had the biggest smile on my face as I read your post. I missed the first one but I'm so glad I got to see both today! I'm as old as your bf (albeit I'm a girl and straight) and am in a relationship and yet I'M SO JELLY 3 I feel like hugging you, screaming in joy alongside you, do other kind of nonsensical stuff in celebration. I wish you guys all the best! 




 Those arms... hnnngh 




 Would you consider converting this into a flash game while still employing the in-game purchase system (kind of like Kingdom Rush)? I understand the programming would be drastically different but I personally feel strategy games like this one would play much better in PC.

Good luck with the release and hope to see the final product on Andorid soon if possible. 




 Didn't have this in my collection. Thank you! 3 




 Nice! Now if we can just get the fast travel system IRL you'll be all set.

Also on the side note: to me 3D printing technology is still something very science fictiony (never tried one myself) and it makes me smile whenever I see something like this. If I had the device I would probably print all the items in the game. 




 The greatest discovery since /r/blep and I forget the exact name but the one with kitty tummies. Thank you! :D 




 Is she also part bear? So adorable! Also welcome to the Master Race('s group of servers). :D 




 Not sure about the spelling, but it is my understanding hamburg steak is the Japanese equivalent of salisbury steak. Different from a hamburger. 




 Yum! It's 1:30am where I live and I'm looking at this. Why am I doing this to myself... 




 The icing on Elmo is literally icing on the cake! Usually they look too sharp and tend to ruin the overall image but your wife did a wonderful job. 




 At first I thought the crusader's Bulwark skill was completely useless but then I realized it's pretty useful when dealing with the more powerful enemies and bosses.

The same could be said for weakening/debuffing curses. I think the occultist/vestal and the bounty hunter go well together since the latter doesn't have to spend a turn to mark/stun enemies. The curses/stun skills may end up crit'ing and provide some stress relief and the bounty hunter moves in for the kill. 




 I like the idea of having monsters rise against Hamlet! I would love to have some more new initiatives in the game. Right now I have the champion level bosses waiting for me but I already know their pattern... 




 Haha I actually started a thread on Steam about a similar topic yesterday or so.

I grieve for the first Crusader and Highway Man. It's like losing someone who began the quest with you :( I have three separate games going on in the DD right now so they are still alive in some. 




 I gave it a try yesterday and it works out great! Really handy when stunning units that haven't taken any action yet. 




 I have yet to upgrade all the facilities (the survivalist upgrades are so expensive) so I haven't thought about that. Since more dungeons are in development maybe we'll be able to upgrade shops further with heirlooms. Hope to see more variety on that note too but it is probably unnecessary. 




 That would be neat! But also pretty difficult. I haven't found a lot of class-exclusive trinkets. Only about two rows' worth in the trinket box. 




 I second this idea. Maybe +10% of the quest gold or something? 




 I'm a bit new to the DD subreddit so this might have been discussed earlier but here's my suggestion:

1) Option to sell trinkets

I think this one is a no brainer. I see a lot of people asking for this option on Steam. I don't even want a great payout either. I wish I could get at least SOME money back for trinkets that I never use. 

2) Combiner / Gamble

Something I mentioned in my comment in the Steam community.

Similar to the Horadric Cube in Diablo II or the rune combiner in the League. The player is allowed access to a combiner after completing a veteran level quest (or champion, if the developers see fit). Chuck 2-3 trinkets into it and generate either (a) a trinket that combines some of the properties of the input or (b) a totally random trinket. This way completing previous quests again would have a new perk: get old trinkets that you can gamble with.

I think I can deal with occasionally shitty RNG. I just wish there were more ways to salvage trinkets. 




 Totally. I mean it hasn't come up that often for me fortunately (60+ week) but when it does I hate walking back and forth. I like taking 20 food for medium missions and maps like this make me waste food. I want to save some for extra stress relief goddamn it :( 




 I really like the Jester and would love to feature him more in my quests but his spot is usually filled by the Plague Doctor or the Grave Robber. Your build seems a bit risky for my taste (no tank!) but I'll give it a shot. I didn't realize Solo could be a good opening. I usually have him do early Harvest or Slice Off to inflict bleed damage. 




 Such Prussian blue! But his name screams Irish. Pretty... 




 "*sniff sniff* oh no you didnttttt" 









 Squeal in joy and then realize I have to clean up all their poo :( 




 KOEI's Uncharted Waters has really great music. A lot of them were composed by Kanno Yoko. [Caprice for Lute](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZfyXEXaLuI) 




 [FIRMLY GRASP IT!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5n5KlXv0Vo) 




 Same here. In my case I'm working abroad and I don't think I'll get paid as much back home.  




 I realize this is just a digitized image, and he didn't ask me anything. But I automatically said yes. The force is strong in this one... 




 She is adorable. Tiny tiny lady 3 This photo seems to encompass all things that make cats so charming. They don't run away, but it's not like they trust you entirely either. You got their attention just enough so they can keep on studying you. Kind of like friendship stuff talked about in Le Petit Prince! 




 I had to look very hard to find the head. So tiny3 




 He looks like Balto! 

I shouldn't be sad because he's getting a home of his own, but damn... his eyes... :') 




 I'm sorry she had to leave you soon, but I'm certain she was a fighter and didn't lose the battle. She had the last laugh and is having an awesome time in the kitty heaven with an unlimited supply of treats and toys. Sending you a lot of hugs. 




 I've seen this before on /r/ladyboners and I remember it because I tilted my head to look down his trousers in the same way I just did right now. Thanks for posting again. You can never have enough Fassboner. 




 [For your viewing pleasure](http://i.imgur.com/5qLpbSQ.png) 




 One of the heirs with high intrigue points will surely concoct an interesting scheme... 




 Well said. Couldn't agree more. 




 Nice! Another good one would be the one where Leela is photographed at the Orphanarium (I think in Leela's Home World?) 




 /r/aww can be oddly hostile sometimes. I guess it just shows how much people care about the well being of animals, at times to a degree where it can make them irrational. 




 That nonchalant look. Nailed it. 




 "Dude what's the password" 




