 My grandpa has had a near death experience and said there is a tunnel with light at the end. It fascinated me when I was younger and I would like to believe this. He was religious, I'm not. I like the idea of there being a good place after this. 




 Lions. 




 During a very important presentation or interview. 




 I really needed to get home from work a couple weeks ago. It was 11pm and the bus stop is shared with the local football stadium. Local football team had won the game with 6-1 that night so the bus was full of drunk men. One of them sat on me, claimed he had not seen me while his hands went into my coat. He was so heavy, I couldn't really do anything. One of the few sober people on that bus pulled him off me as soon as he saw what was actually going on. 




 Never looked at it that way. Thank *you!* :) 




 Travel with my parents and sister. 




 I once woke up in the middle of the night from a strange flickering orange light outside my window. I opened my curtains and saw the hedge connected to our house was on fire. I woke up my parents and sister. While my dad called the emergency line, my mum and I woke our neighbors. A couple lives have been saved that night, I don't know what would've happened if I did not wake up. 




 To a friend in the UK, just over a week ago.

Edit: forgot the why. He could use a lot of hugs :) 




 I use this username almost everywhere, people who know me can find me easily. No big deal, have nothing to hide. 




 You can also craft the drop of luck. That's what I've been doing. If you open the blue witchery book about the cauldron's recipes (Witches Brews) and hover over the ingredients for drop of luck, you'll see how much power you need for some of them. I don't know the total amount of power by heart but it's quite a lot so I skipped the cauldron recipe for drop of luck.. On our server, the crafting recipe in a normal workbench worked as well. Maybe try that :) 




 I didn't know, thanks :) 




 How is it monthly over a period of 12 days? Anyway, it's nice to see the top threads, in case you missed something :) 




 If one magic mod has in-game documentation, it has to be Witchery. There are now about 8 or 9 books. The mod adds a lot of small things that are fun or nifty, so you might lose yourself in all the possibilities. I know I don't have a goal yet to work towards, not sure what I wanna do first out of these 8-9 topics and what's considered end-game. I do know it's an awesome mod :) 




 Haha I know, I'm still waiting for Dries to prank me back too. I've "pranked" James with that deer (did you even see it/know I did that?) so I'm not expecting anything from him as he actually liked it XD Think you'll be the first to get to me. 




 I am reading this! 




 We had so much fun doing this yesterday evening. Cauli and I had been waiting for you to go to bed :P Was a very spontaneous prank, James caught us in your base on dynmap so he joined in. We came up with the idea only yesterday afternoon. Here are some more screenshots, taken by Cauli last night: [click!](http://imgur.com/xSqQMWC,vNhveHa,8KEMf90,njTVpl8,gyoknDD,DB8QsPC,3AnFF1T,m7PEwRm,6BKUNVn,j8b4eK9,bsMlMrh,feMcmnZ) 




 We have played this lucky block race map on a server I play on. It's great fun, can highly recommend it. Think I found what I'm gonna watch during my lunch break today :) 




 Who won? Or we don't know until the episodes are out? 




 Yeah this can work too, especially when you fill the autonomous activator with bone meal. It's much faster than the fruit picker and power-free. 




 MFR Fruit picker does the job :) Was designed for cocoa beans but it works with Pam's too! 




 Haha, oh my. It just had to hit him XD This sums up the Road to 10k series pretty well. 




 I will, thanks kind stranger :) 




 Haha, alright. Mate. Good night to you then in a bit ;-) Must be somewhere around 7pm for you right now? 




 Girl here, but np;-) 




 You let them fall into the top and you will get molten emeralds in the smeltery, similar to the other molten metals. Use a casting table without a cast to get the emeralds out. 




 This should still work IIRC 




 Had to think about that too. This is a dimensional rift then. 




 Amazing work with all the microblocks and carpenter's blocks! 




 Even though I didn't like the ending of season 19 (opinion!), I think BTC and Vechs did a great job there so I agree with you. 




 I didn't know these exist. TIL 




 Sounds like it might be possible then? Just give it no nearby space to teleport to. Solid walls of X blocks wide. 




 It's definitely before season 16 haha. I joined this community and started watching Mindcrack and UHC around season 16 and I don't remember anyone hiding blaze rods and nether wart from another team. 




 I've been seeing a couple posts about the Botania Gaia Guardian now and I've been wondering. Can you keep the Gaia Guardian inside a Blood Magic ritual of containment? Or will it teleport out of there too? 




 Which I was just trying to do. I had no idea cursed earth should keep spawning mobs despite magnum torches and now I learned. 




 You might be right. We'll see tonight! :) 




 TIL 




 Always preferred multiplayer. Found a nice community couple months ago at /r/feedthebeastservers, hope you can find one yourself too :) 




 Magnum torch around? 









 Places back the two stone blocks. "Thank you." 




 Okay, don't watch this while you're eating/drinking something because I almost spat it out again. This is hilarious, thanks for sharing! :) 




 Good job, you did it again! Keep up the work :) 




 He's been a Morton for quite a while actually. Then he was Toad for a while and now he's sticking to Bowser :) 




 Where is Playlisterbot? Anyway, I think most of my fav Millbee moments are in here. The "oh you need melons, I thought cocoa" and his old lady's cackle :) 




 When Pigs Fly. 




 Hehe, looks like I've miscounted after all :) Thanks again! I'll think of some moments for the 10K montage, I've suggested yesterday's blue shell. I was planning on rewatching some episodes anyway. 




 Add that forgetful (lagging) blue shell from yesterday too! Great moment together with the facecam. 




 Maybe put up a floor of glass all the way up a few blocks the max build heigth? 




 Yeah, I've found a great community to play with over there while I was looking for people to play with. I joined them over 4 months ago and it's only been fun and games :) 




 I think so too yeah, he's been doing great lately. I hope he will keep playing, perhaps with a new amount of points to achieve as the goal. 




 It's today's episode. [Reddit thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/mindcrack/comments/2yffon/mario_kart_8_the_road_to_10000_episode_171/) 




 Oh sorry :( Want me to edit the comment? 




 If I counted right, he made +68 progress in points this time, which is pretty good :) He's passed 9800! 




 And he's finally won Hyrule Circuit now! :) 




 Try /r/feedthebeastservers too :) (Didn't check if you already did so sorry if that's the case haha) 




 Hehe. I sometimes get to work here around 9am and there's videos from the night before that didn't get posted here yet. Not checking every day but there are these rare cases :) 




 Nice and simple :) 




 Is there no gravestone mod in TPPI? 




 Yep, charm of keeping is what you're looking for I think. 




 Probably it yeah. Especially when you travel through chunks really fast like with a hang glider while holding shift, or with a good jetpack. 




 Lots of chickens + vacuum hopper can give you a lot of eggs. But I don't know how long they last in a culinary generator when fried, let alone in a 64x generator. 




 I missed yesterday's post, so no biggie :) 




 Oh, that's very neat. TIL! 




 How would that work? 




 Yes, maybe even add a new row of generators to the second autonomous activator too. Setup seems stackable. 




 I like this idea, but you'd need an automated sugar cane farm and wheat farm that either needs to get a small kickstart to get going, or a nifty way to do it power-free. That's basically the biggest advantage of the setup in this post. 




 Steak might give more saturation (and therefore more power) than the cheese too. You just need an automated cow farm which maybe needs a little kickstart but it's self-maintaining afterwards. 




 I started watching mindcrack (and UHC) from season 16 til now so I have not seen many seasons. I liked season 17, the FFA, can recommend you to watch Nebris' POV. I also enjoyed season 18, especially Chad's and Pause's perspectives. 




 That's possible, I don't know. I did another UHC last monday (two days ago) and at last we found 4 diamonds, just one short (diamond pick + 2 for the table) but I decided to make the pick and grab the obsidian because there was lava nearby. Found more diamonds behind the obsidian, was amazingly lucky :) 




 I gotta learn to read. I think I read kill instead of win.. 




 Congrats, proficiat :-) 




 Congrats on becoming a moderator :) 




 Oh, sucks to hear. I didn't try it yet. 




 really small world :') I remember someone crashing upon reaching the island too. Was either glitter or Rious. And happy cake day jolli :) 




 Thanks :) It's just the word "avenged" that I totally misunderstood. I think I read "revenged" this morning. 




 I was wondering too, thanks for the answer :) 




 Ah. Avenged. English is not my first language so I figured I had missed something there. Guess I did, I get it now ;) My comment makes no sense at all lol 




 Thanks for all the recaps! I enjoy them every season. See you next season! 




 I want this to be a team next season. 




 I must have missed something. What did he do? 




 I thought Nancy Drew had killed Pak? What do you mean? 




 Yup, I am absolutely rooting for an ending like this! 




 Oh awesome :) Must have missed that.  




 Just that simple search bar in the Thaumonomicon. Finally! 




 Cute sheep :) Millbee's getting really close to the 10k now.. Just 11 more estimated episodes left. Gonna miss this series! 




 The sound in most of Generik's intros, the heeeheheheheee.. He used it as a donation/subscription sound on twitch too during the AS streams of last summer.

edit: now that I'm thinking a bit longer.. Pyro's "GAME THEORY!" would be nice too! 




 This might cost them something. I don't remember if beef got some arrows later on but he might be fighting leftovers and keyboard smash without arrows. 




 Yes but that still means he can do an awful lot of damage 




 To be really honest, I think it would be amazing if newcomers can just sneak into the portal while the other teams are still fighting out there. Also Chad should make a brand new bow and let someone combine bows with the rubbish one he has now..

Crazy episode this was. Lot of circling around each other and following each other into and out it the nether, all going from that one portal back to 0,0.. Damn! Can't wait til Monday! 




 Death 




 No I died shortly after. 




 I honestly only just understood this post after I saw this. 




 They're definitely there though. I was doing a UHC yesterday evening with a couple friends and the first chest I opened in the nether contained 4 obsidian and a gold ingot. 




 I remember I was cheering in my chair. Chad did an amazing job there and had a lot of bad luck running into a team shortly after. 




 Agreed! Anyone can win this. I expect death in the next episode though. Just not sure which teams will clash and who will die. 




 This UHC can end up anywhere. They all have a chance to win as long as they play it right. Everyone is stacked, indeed. Can't wait for Saturday! 




 In Italy there's a mushroom called a "porcini", which sounds like pork because of the fleshy-ish texture. 




 I honestly wonder whether Baj saw them too, indeed. It was just a quick scan around the area for him and he didn't mention seeing Nebris and Vechs, even though they were clearly there. 




 If Kurt didn't title his episode "Lone Wolf", my heart would've been racing just 3 minutes in. That first dirt block Arkas had mined scared the crap out of me :P Poor Kurt and Doc wasted a golden apple and a health potion on him. Good thing they have more than enough spare. 




 Great work! 




 They saw Baj sneak away, been mentioned a few times in this thread. I think they'll be fine and it can get very interesting in the overworld since Nancy Drew, Leftovers and this team will all three be relatively close to each other. 




 happy cake day! (at least for me, it just turned the 27th here) 




 Hehe awesome. What a coincidence that Chad and Arkas ran into each other :) 




