 My freshman grades and sophomore grade are total shit cause that's when I was at my lowest point but honestly is high school important?  




 Welcome to Wisconsin  




 Oh, well that sucks? 









 This brought a smile to my face that's been missing for a while. Thank you :)  




 Iv noticed that when my depression gets bad my drawings tend to, well really suck and I wanted to know if that's just me or does anyone else experience that. My art teacher said she saw major improvement in my drawing/drawings in the last semester and a half.  




 That's awesome !! 




 Trippy I like it! 




 You have some good there!  




 The face seems a bit small but great job you can only get better from here with practice and hard work 




 That's pretty cool !! 




 Good work ! Keep up the progress ! 




 The hamster dance scene gets me every time thanks for posting this!. 




 But I can see the confusion I'm happy I lost 10lbs 




 I think you posted to the wrong post in trying to lose weight not gain it 




 Lost 10 lbs anyway to keep the motivation? How do you motivate yourself? How do you deal with the people that mock you? 




 Also ways I fixed my diet was... 

*lunch I have loads of fruit, gives me some of that natural energy to push me through the rest of the day.

*morning is my protein based meal like egg whites ,peanut butter on whole wheat

*dinner is more of my veggies mostly green one which are the one I like the most haha maybe a portion of chicken or lean stake (size of your palm).

*snacks I mainly just eat fruits maybe some string cheese, low-fat yogurt or Greek yogurt.
 




 Yeah that's the hardest part being healthy is 80% nutrition and 20% fitness .Well if you ever need to talk just pm me  




 Alright, Alright, Alright 




 That's what I thought when I first heard about it but I gave it a try just to see what it was all about and iv just been getting good results and setting new goals.The shakes are basically a Healthy meal replacement. 




 That shit is the best !!! (Melatonin) 




 Don't start all at once and over whelm yourself. At first make little changes like for example have a salad for lunch or start walking everyday even something as simple as drinking 8 cups of water a day. 




 Iv lost 10 lbs using those herbalife shakes and exercising regularly. And just wanted to know if anyone else got good results from herbalife. 




 I am not try to do anything though like seriously I lost 10 lbs using herbalife and got good results just wanted to see if others did to, no need to be so aggressive. 




 I have no idea 




 I'm actually down 10 lbs using it. 




 Just interested if anyone does and how you like their products or not? 




 It's a joke as to say the teacher was teaching them wrong so the grammars wron ... Turn it down a notch  




 I'm pretty sure saying diagnosed with depression is the right way to put it since it's a mental illness/mental disease same as anxiety. 




 You need to work on proportions Im saying this in the nicest way possible. But looks good keep up the good work you can only get better! 




 Love the emotion in his face !! 




 Thanks 




 Just get out more don't seclude yourself to one are by yourself it no good for you I know from experience. 




 It also says to reveal then it says that part so maybe 




 Neat ! 









 I don't want to make it just like the picture gotta have some diversity.but I see what you're saying 




 [Here](http://i.imgur.com/7wlOfs5l.jpg) it is but I think I just need to make the eyebrows more pronounced  




 Haha 




 Derek is the only one who looks awesome as a full on werewolf like for [example] (http://i.imgur.com/4DKq8Vv.png) 




 Thanks and I'll try the eyes thing,cause I'm redoing it on better paper ment for drawing. 









 I later realized that  




 I know right! 









 Except for the fact that's when stiles had the buzz cut  














 Haha she is a babe 




 Kanima is a red election of who you are on the inside  




 Oh yeah  




 I see what your saying now 




 Derek fought it away   




 He feeds off that so if that was the case that would make no sense  




 That was the kanima  




 Looks like she's going to go after hunters 




 Which proportions are off just wondering  




 But I like the were jaguar thing more but how do u become a jaguar from being turned from a wolf  




 She could be jokeing as to what she looks like as it. And a like i said in the post "though later legend and folklore depicts revenants as returning for a specific purpose (e.g., revenge against the deceased's killer)" so that might be the reason she came back as a revenant/were-jaguar  




 That was for like full body drawings though 




 I'm confused on what you mean by gesture ? 




 You never know. And if your throat was slit it would take a matter of seconds to die so I don't think the wolf healing ability works that fast. 




 You never know. 









 But berzerkers are just pure savage nature no thought process at all (that's what mr.argent said) 




 His eyes are suppose to have dark rings  




 I think that was the nogitsune playing tricks. Or it was because they had the doors to their minds open and it think they closed them 




 (Kate)
she's a werewolf but she is also A revenant(is a visible ghost or animated corpse that was believed to return from the grave to terrorize the living.)Though later legend and folklore depicts revenants as returning for a specific purpose (e.g., revenge against the deceased's killer)...Peter? Any thoughts? 




