 Come join us at /r/59s. We will rise up and fight for our rights. WE WILL NOT BE OPPRESSED!! 




 Is there an official place of worship for the followers of the Church of the Button? 




 The rest of the Early Pressers are looking down on us as the lowest of the low. We must stand together and defend our 59s flair! We will not let them discredit our actions! We did what needed to be done, and with no regrets!

#*For /r/thebutton!!!* 




 I get to press it four times. My three alts are still button virgins, waiting in the ranks for the perfect time to press. 




 I picture a little kid saying this while stamping his foot. "Yea, that's right!" 




 That's why the reminder is to "check what happened" 




 I pressed before I saw that I only get one press. I wasted my press because I'm impatient. :( 




 From /r/AdviceAnimals, yes. And several other subs. 




 So... Orphan Black anyone? 




 ┬─┬ノ(ಠ_ಠノ)

Because /u/PleaseRespectTables can't be here. :'( 




 "How many people have you slept with?" 




 Many different civilizations have number systems that are not base-10. Some of them are very interesting. [Loose reference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4bmZ1gRqCc) 




 I have Euler's Identity tattooed on me.

I think it's a great example of how humanity has basically invented a near-perfect way to describe the world around us. While the concepts have always been there (laws of physics, addition, etc), we have written a set of rules to describe and manipulate those concepts, and it all fits together so perfectly. 




 I sincerely hope you're joking. 




 Maybe a tent? 




 Mainly in America, yes. But we aren't all enormous!! My area is relatively healthy. 




 Good. Getting dressed and leaving the house will burn off a few extra calories. 




 Hi all. I have a Mini 3, 16GB. In storage, it is showing 5.7GB in my photo library. I've deleted every photo off the thing, so my photo library is completely empty. Why is it still showing 5.7GB and how do I fix this? (Yes, I deleted them out of the recently deleted folder.) Thanks!! 




 Story please?

Still read the series. It's fantastic. 




 Record it on tape and pray that the DJ didn't talk over the beginning and ending of the song.

I'm 25, am I cheating? 




 Are there still operators on the other end of payphones? 




 Is October 26 the name of the shop? What's the significance there? 




 People who shop at Wegmans. 









 When they don't listen to the instruction I just gave and they say "I don't know what to do." 




 #triggered

FTFY 




 Glad I wasn't the only one thinking this. 




 I agree with this. I paid for the app a while ago. It would be nice if the people who paid could forgo the ads. 




 Relevant username? Should be we afraid? 




 acre 




 Obese is not a "body type"; it's a serious medical condition. 




 Fuck if I know. 




 If I had the space and resources, I'd be learning woodworking.

I'm learning French, drawing, more programming languages, billiards, and I'm doing lots of psychology research for fun. 




 Why did you tag me in this? 




 Anyone else watch Once Upon a Time solely because he's in it? 




 Wrong. These are Pokemon.

Also, the Glaucus Atlanticus (sea slug) is beautiful, and tiny. 




  On some firearms just because it went click instead of bang the first time doesn't mean it will the next.

Could not have said this any better. 




 Breaking two basic rules of gun safety. These are the people who shouldn't own guns. 




 Tagged as "Bear Joke Expert". FYI 




 Priorities. This guy's got them. 




 Yes, but people with a smoking addiction understand that what they're doing is unhealthy. They don't think their doctor is shaming them because the doctor suggests they stop smoking. But apparently doctors are fat shamers because they tell their patients that they need to loose weight. It's a health issue, not a vanity issue. 




 Well then she'll enjoy a very short life before her fat body kills her. Anyone who chooses that over a normal-length, healthy life must be seriously lacking in common sense. 




 How is it not a choice? Burn more calories than you eat. Fat people are *choosing* to eat too much and not work out. And don't cry "medical conditions" because that makes up a very small percentage of overweight people. They just aren't trying hard enough, if at all. Also, most of their actual medical conditions would resolve if they lost weight. [Here's a video of a man who couldn't walk unassisted and still lost weight.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qX9FSZJu448) 




 Welcome to the human race, where we harshly judge those who choose to not look like humans and destroy the one body they were given. 




 But muh cundishuns!!! 




 Have heard people lose a lot of weight and then thank the people who shamed them into it, because without being bulled about it, they never would have made a healthy lifestyle change. Acceptance is a huge motivating factor for humans. 




 This is helpful, thanks! I'll try some different locations. I am a seasonal runner, and this is a new problem, but I've moved since last year, so I'm in a different neighborhood now. (Holy run-on sentence)

I try really hard to maintain the in through the nose, out through the mouth thing, and it'll get easier after a couple weeks, once I'm back into it fully. My route starts off with a huge hill, which uses enough energy to start mouth breathing (also, I'm not good at running, but I try). Another reason to try a different route. 




 Hey fellow shitlords. With the warmer weather I've been running again. I'm having this problem where I cough violently for like three hours after a run. Google searches have turned up some possible reasons (probably irritants from breathing through my mouth), but nothing helpful for preventing it or fixing it. Any one have any tips or remedies? 




 What the fuck did he do to his tongue? Can someone explain this? 




 I miss /u/PleaseRespectTables :( 




 I literally jumped. Thankfully I'm the first in this morning. 




 Go away. 




 No I'm saying if I don't get hired because they think I'm going to have kids and take leave, that's a punishment because I'm not planning to have kids. 




 It's an assumption though. More and more career women are choosing to not have kids and we shouldn't have to be punished because the company is afraid we're going to do so. 




 This would never happen because it makes sense. We can't go around having things make sense in the workplace. 









 1) Yes.

2) My college psychiatrist kept trying to say I had depression and I was convinced that my moods were perfectly fine. So I sought out a psychologist for a full objective workup and testing.

3) In some ways I'm happy I did it because (after therapy) I became more aware of my actions and why I behave the way I do. In other ways I wish I'd never gotten diagnosed. I was happy just being a shitty person. Now I'm trying way too hard at everything I do, and I'm putting way too much effort into trying to be a normal functioning member of society. It blows dick knowing that you have this serious detriment to how you perceive life and there's absolutely nothing you can do about it. 




 I think he's just overall frustrated with her. She keeps making him do extracurricular activities he doesn't want to do. She's one of those people who makes everyone feel like everything is their fault, everything has to be her way, everyone has to do what she wants, etc, and that combined with her other personality traits makes a person simply get sick of her really quickly. In normal social situations, when you get sick of someone, you just go away for a while and feel better. But when you live with the person, it's like a never ending cycle. 




 My best friend has Asperger's (high-functioning autism now?). We get along fantastically because we just spend our time hating on everyone else. He also understands my introversion and need to disappear from the world every now and then, where most people think that means there's something wrong and they need to fix it.

I did it right though I think. I made him an employee in my company (we're in the same line of work). So I basically have full control of his time and resources. 




 He definitely has a lot of pent-up anger issues; I can see that. He seems to internally fume for a moment every time mom talks to him, and I can tell he has to consciously calm himself down. I've been there with her; I know what it looks like.

If I was a better person I'd know how to help him, but for now all I can think to do is be someone he feels comfortable talking to. I'd like for him to be able to come to me if he's struggling with certain dark thoughts, or having trouble dealing with our mother. I told him "take it from me; I survived that shithole and got out." I've also already invited him to come stay with me the summer between high school and college, just to get him out of that house even sooner.

I think my brother is the only person I will ever encounter in my life that I would do absolutely anything for, and I would hate if he had to bear a similar burden as well. 




 I hate not being able to form strong emotional attachments to people. I try really hard to make it happen. I'd like to find someone to be with long-term at some point, but most people run when they realize that you've hit the max of your emotional abilities. 




 I had a lovely conversation with /u/aggitator not too long ago. Seems he's deleted his account since then. 




 You're mistaking reddit for the internet. Of course there are dark corners of the web, but that's less than 1% of the every-day user base. Way to go on making a moot point.

The fat people on The Biggest Loser aren't being wildly accepted. Otherwise it would be called The Biggest People Who Aren't Going To Lose Weight. That show is literally trying to make these people not fat anymore, and does do through lots of fat shaming and generally making these people feel like absolute shit about their body.

I see you've given up on arguing the original point at hand, and have resorted to dissecting the intricacies of part of what I say, rather than understanding the broader point.

Good day. 




 I do what I can. 




 Are you really going to separate real life from the internet? Do you know what year it is?

And you're wrong. HAES is leaking out all over the non-internet world. Heard of Tess Munster? She's been all over the news lately - legitimate news sources, not just reddit. There was the whole Katie Hopkins controversy not too long ago. In the news just a few weeks ago were ex-contestants of The Biggest Loser going to the media and spouting their fat acceptance bullshit. I could go on. 




 The fat acceptance movement has become synonymous with the Health at Every Size movement (HAES). 




 Ay fellow shitlord :) 




 Here we go.

Like what others are saying. Being fat is something a person can control. You can't control being a certain race. While you can control being a certain religion (to an arguable extent not fit for right here), it's not unhealthy to be one versus another; it's a personal preference.

I'm against people who are trying to convince the public that fat is perfectly healthy. It's setting a despicable standard, and they are arguing against decades, if not centuries, of medical research. By trying to save the feelings of people who make poor life choices, society is enabling them to continue to make those choices.

Think about smokers. Everyone knows that smoking is bad for you. Everyone knows that it causes cancer and lung disease and all kinds of nasty things. But you don't see a group of smokers trying to tell the public that it's perfectly healthy, just because someone said they were gross for being a smoker. You don't see them saying "I'm perfectly healthy *right now* therefor it must be a healthy lifestyle choice." But you see obese people saying "I'm perfectly healthy *right now* therefor my obesity must not be a health issue."

Do you get it now? 




 As a dedicated anti-FA person, this makes me happy to read. Keep up the good progress until you're to a healthy weight and prove all those fat acceptance people wrong. Be the living proof that making healthy lifestyle choices DOES affect your weight. The world needs more weight-loss success stories. Congrats on being closer to yours :) 




 There's a difference? Has my whole life been a lie? 




 Thought I'd share. I have a friend from high school with whom I've stayed close (we're 25 now). We hadn't seen each other in a while because I moved away a couple years ago, but I was in town recently and we met for dinner. She recently got divorced and told me that it happened while her and the husband were trying to conceive. So we got on the topic of kids. She's definitely a mother person. I'm wholly surprised she hasn't yet popped any out. But I told her I was firm in not wanting kids, and she was so accepting of that. She even went on to say she couldn't even picture me with kids. Made me so happy. It's unusual to have a parenting-type person understand the desire to have a career without a family, especially at the age I am now.

I hope all of you have a friend like that. 




 25 too. 




 Hey r/soc. Haven't visited in a while, but wanted to get some discussion and see what you all think.

My kid brother is 14 and he's showing signs of developing ASPD. Our mother is textbook narcissistic, and it seems like she's perceiving him as the golden child where I was the scapegoat (look up your NPD parenting types). If you're too lazy to look it up, imagine the (very extreme) family relationships in Bates Motel. Norman = golden child, his older brother = scapegoat. Both ones will fuck a kid up.

I was visiting recently, and I've been very open with him because I'm trying to educate and spare him. But he asked me things about killing people and how hard it would be emotionally. I gave him some resources (r/watchpeopledie, etc) to look at and see what he thinks/feels. He's already super apathetic, doesn't really care about anything. He doesn't get in trouble but he's also almost completely unsupervised. He's kind of doing the dance of "I'm going to do what my parents say just so they stop bitching at me" and then finds shortcuts around it to appease them. He doesn't have a lot of friends, very very introverted.

Some more stuff that is most likely just 14 year old boy stuff, but possibly worth mentioning: He says he's not smoking weed, but I'm not sure I believe him. He sneaks out of the house in the middle of the night and goes god only knows where. My parents live in the middle of fucking nowhere. He's a very convincible liar. His grades are going down, even though he's brilliant.

Not looking for an is he / isn't he discussion. He still has a few years before that's determinable. Just general talk. What do you guys think? How were you when you were 14? I was presenting differently at 14 and also much earlier than 14 (started showing signs around age 9sih; I'm 25 now). I was more of a liar/manipulator/conduct problem kid. I'm female, so not sure if that makes a difference in symptom presentation (not yet enough research done there). 









 Am 25. No idea what this is. 




 I like this method. 




 25F being asked to pay $9.99. I wonder if it has to do with activity level or something. I'd like to see whatever algorithms they're using to figure this out. 




