 Bargain scents: my absolute favourite even over higher costing brands- Katy perry purr and meow, they smell like candy.
Britney Spears perfumes also smell very sweet.
Éclat D'arpege not a readily available scent where I am but it's beautiful 

High end brands: Prada candy, says it all in the name. 
Marx Jacobs dotty, daisy and honey.  




 His father wanted him to aim for a bakers dozen.  




 I'm so sorry you were having a bad day, but I'm glad I could help in any way :) 3 thank you again, so much x 




 I enjoy workaholics a huge amount!  




 You're not a drag! yes you could do those things in a previous job, but you weren't ill! you are very ill now and that isn't your fault, i'm saying that even though a lot of the time i blame myself, think i'm broken, luckily for both of us i'm having one of those days of clarity. You seem like a lovely person, where are you from? what does your job involve? 
i used to have a high pressure job, now i work in a school, some days i need to come home or some days i cry to my colleagues, i'm a lot more emotional than i used to be, whilst that makes me feel weak sometimes i can see that it does help and it helps people around me see what's going on, it helps them help. 
The fact is, it's lucky you don't have that previous job, that would have made you more ill in the future, it's a positive thing that you don't have to fly all over the world, work into the night, because at the moment you couldn't, you're doing so amazingly and as you get better maybe you can look to getting another high pressure job, or, maybe you can just enjoy finding other things to take up your time.
I do crafts, i never saw myself as someone who would do it, but i do them on my in my own little space and it's therapeutic and i love seeing what i've made at the end :)  




 Oh noes! I still found out about the outdoor cinema so still awesome 




 I want to come i want to come! i love Star Wars and i've always wanted to go to an outdoor theatre 




 I LOVE chapter arts, if you like old movies i absolutely love going to bad film club, they play a bad, old movie and two comedians narrate over it and you get given haribo! then you have a delicious pint afterwards.

The yard often has live bands playing, i live on the taff trail and i'd say that's definitely the best place to cycle, it goes on and on and you cycle along the lovely river

hope i helped some how :) 




 I posted a week or so ago, about how i was feeling so low again and i didn't know what to do. The user Vexwyf really helped me and i wanted to say a huge, massive thank you. As well as a thank you to all the other people who commented and helped.

I had my first appointment with the local mental health team, they've given me lots of tips on dealing with anxiety and will be helping me more over the next few months. 

Me and my boyfriend are a lot stronger, he's been amazing, we sit for hours and talk, he's there when i cry over nothing. He's started cleaning the house! even without being asked! which is like magic. We seem a lot stronger 

If it wasn't for Vexwyf i'm not sure i'd even be here today i was feeling so low on that day. 

sometimes all it takes is reaching out to the internet, and a stranger is there to catch you. 

Thank you again 3 So much.

P.S: i didn't know if i could like tag them or anything, i'm fairly new to posting, i'm used to being a lurker. 




 These comments are like i'm talking, I'm also on Citalopram and i have days of clarity where i can think straight and i have hope in things, i go to the gym and make plans with friends, i have bursts of creativity and plan of doing things around the house. Then i get low again and i do nothing, cancel any plans i've made, let my house get messier and messier. Then i'll start all over again. Just one big constant loop 




 I was going to ask if anything in the past few weeks had happened. Anything even that you may think is small. 
I've also become the girl who wants to commit suicide, i went from the feisty, takes no shit, always positive and happy and excited girl. To the girl that doesn't see any hope and wants to commit suicide. 

It's not our fault though, we're ill. Just because you can't see it doesn't mean we aren't. We are dealing with one of the most difficult illnesses there is, we're being strong by even trying to get better. I know that for me sometimes it all seems like a waste of time and that i'm not getting better, but people around me see little differences, i've asked them to start telling me, because knowing that people can see little changed spurs me on to try that little bit harder, which in turn helps me get a little bit better. I'm having a dip currently, but there is the tiniest bit of hope that i'll be back to where i was and continuing to try and get better. Maybe you could ask people to start doing that for you?

for now, i'm sat in bed eating chocolate and searching reddit. Letting myself be glum and down, because there's nothing wrong with it. It's just how i'm feeling.  




 I think my answer is affected by the fact that i'm very depressed now, I think for a long time after i'd done it, when i was happy and safe i didn't ever think about it. Now i can't remember, because i can't really remember being happy. I know i was though, but it's more like a film in my head now, not me. 




 Mine come and goes, it goes away but i think it's because you've experienced it? for me, trying to commit suicide felt almost spiritual, i felt high going to sleep because everything would stop. Getting better and happy made me realise how low i was and that it was and never will be the answer. I've tried once more since then because i'm suffering with severe depression again. 

To me, it's almost like quitting smoking if that makes sense? if i'm feeling a bit sad or depressed or any emotion other than sheer happiness. I can see a packet of tablets and much like i imagine someone who has given up smoking i get this burst urge of 'take them, take them all' like another person egging me on. It shocks me. 

Other times i can outright think it 'throw yourself infront of this train and everything stops'

I have hope that it does go away, once you get over it completely, once it starts to be just a bad memory other than a way out, ya know? 




 I know I'm probably being too touchy, but it takes a lot for me to even get out of bed and he knows that. So to walk for over an hour just to get his favourite dinner and him just reply 'safe', upset me. 




