 Do people ever say this? But yeah I'm pretty sure no one who's clued up as to where they are in their own cycle (hardly any of us have clockwork regular cycles btw) would be clueless enough to assume that you can't get pregnant with the rhythm method (timing sex to the non-fertile phases of your period).
For reals, it's just safe to assume you're always gonna get pregnant, and even if you aren't receptive at the time of having sex, sperm can hang around in there and wait 'till you are.

Edit: Sorry, forgot this was Reddit, where we all live in constant fear from the very real threat of sperm-jacking hussies. 




 I first discovered that I loved the taste of coffee when I was 18 and in my first year of university. I had no idea why around the same time that I was downing cup after cup of the stuff I also needed to pee a lot, like all the time. 

Took me ages to figure out what was going on... 




 To be fair, as a kid I always thought Russia is where Canada is (I'm not from America or Canada or anywhere nearby if that somehow makes it any better) 




 He had to have surgery on it once he'd lost a lot of weight, and for a while he wore a little leather vest to stop it dragging on the ground :(

Edit: http://www.obiedog.com/ source 




 Obie!

Yeah he's a completely different dog now; his new adoptive owner did a great job. I followed his progress on their FB page, shit was pretty heartwarming. 




 He can't see without them :( 




 I wish I could remember the source, but I read an article recently about trends in how American parents are naming their children. Apparently for boys, for example, '-aiden' type sounding names are becoming hugely popular, but variations in how this sound is spelled differ. So though there is a trend towards certain similar sounding names, parents are seeking originality in child-naming through the precise spelling.

So...yeah, that's pretty cool.

But for sure this anti-unusual-child-names jerk annoys me especially for some reason. It's pretty much just anti-poverty and anti-race sentiment dressed up as faux concern that "yeah but that kid will get bullied for having a weird name, aw naw".
Yes. That is definitely why it is necessary to point and laugh at the children and their parents. Outstanding. /rant.

Edit: Yeah you're right about the anti-middle class(and/or whatever the American equivalent of middle class is, I know it doesn't mean quite the same thing outside Britain) names too. I think Redditors are mostly just looking for reasons to despise other people for no real reason.

 




 DAE all cops =/= actual human beings? 




 As a potential future mother this is my biggest fear 




 Dibs 




 Hey I know this is an old comment but I think I know what you mean. For me it's like my fingers are pinching tightly together, sort of, but also a feeling that whatever it is represents an impossibly horrible denseness. I don't know how else to describe it. Does that sound familiar? 




 I've petted his hair. Just want to put that out there. It was very soft. What an awesome chap 




 A girl you say? Like video games you say? Allow me, a perfect stranger, to tell you why you don't really like them and are just pretending to for male attention. WHORE. Then I'ma hit you with a relentless stream of quizzing about video game trivia and make you feel incredibly uncomfortable and unwelcome should you get one wrong.

Why are there hardly any girls in my ~~unwelcoming boys' club~~ fandom?

P.S. will you go out with me? 




 Well yeah, I think most people would agree with you on that one. But is this post really about being concerned for children? Of course not, it's about pointing and laughing at the children with the funny names and their *obviously* stupid or obnoxious parents for choosing them.

Edit: 
 why intentionally make it harder on a child?

This whole thread and the many other shitty ones like it here on Reddit are certainly not making it any easier for one thing... 




 I don't know, I've certainly met my fair share of entitled twerps who have pretty common names... 




 Definitely a name says a lot about us and it's one of those difficult things that something so personal as our own name isn't chosen for us, but by our parents. I think I would consider myself fortunate to have the first names my parents gave me and I don't think I will ever be judged in the way you described based on my name.
I agree that parents do have a responsibility to name their children in a way that will give them a dignified start in life.

But for the love of all that is good I am so sick of this unoriginal and persistent circlejerk we all seem to have here about bashing children for having weird names all the time. Surely that just adds to stigma of unusual or ethnic names? I mean, for Christ's sake, literally making fun of children's names, how fucking witty and insightful. 




 Hey sure it's probably not the best way to set your child up in life to give them some incredibly off-the-wall name, I know I'm personally probably going to give my child/children quite relatively unadventurous names myself.

But:
 Hey I don't judge people by their name

So far so good.

 Cause that's how you get a hooker for a child

Oh.
And you are aware that hooker/stripper names aren't those peoples' actual names, right? 




 I'm white actually. I could get sunburned from the full moon. But I don't see why that should matter.

Edit: and for what it's worth I have a very traditional name, as does everyone in my white middle class family. 




 "Oh no someone named their kid something that isn't a traditional white Anglo-saxon name! This definitely affects me personally and is not ok!"

Edit: "Hey I'm just being concerned about that child's chances in life and them getting bullied and judged because of their name ^by ^^people ^^like ^^^me..." 




 "Oh, bother" 




 I get these feelings too buddy. But you must remember that the internet, and those who post things on it, are by definition a skewed and non-representative sample of the real world population. That is that those with the most time to post or who spend the most time online contribute more online material, possibly making it seem like those opinions are the most common. Those who are less internet addicted, who have busier lives away from the internet are likely to post less. Also those with stronger feelings about something are more likely to feel compelled to post a lot online about them. 

And if it makes you feel better, there is a lot of evidence to suggest that the opinions we express, particularly hateful ones (the study I am thinking of focused on racist attitudes), are not necessarily the ones we are likely to act on (EDIT: I.e. we say a whole lot of crap without really meaning it, particularly if it is angry or unkind). I'm sure there's been times when you've been upset and thought, maybe even said something hateful, only to realise as soon as you were back to normal that you really don't mean that at all. If you are stuck in a perpetually unhappy state of mind, feel scared by social changes happening around you, or rejected by others, then you're less likely to respond with empathy towards others. "Women seem wicked when you're not wanted" and all that.

So please don't feel unhappy. TRPers are just people who are working through some stuff. Like all of us, empathy only comes with unclouded and calm thinking. If you left Reddit, as I said above, the more bitter and hateful people would remain, and the impression that everyone out there is filled with hate would perpetuate all the more, see? 




 I also recommend /r/circlebroke for the same reason 




 So many of the comments in that thread are disgusting. We all just need more empathy, never mind all this blame-placing and suffering Olympics, start actually respecting and caring more about people, whether they are like yourself or not, the rest will follow. 




 Oh thank Christ for that 




 Bloody hell, that's just massively offensive to both men and women. It's basically saying if you're a guy and you get raped then lol don't worry about it because if you do you're being uptight... 




 http://www.guinealynx.info/fungus.html Could also be ringworm?

Edit: http://www.guinealynx.info/mites.html Guinea Lynx also has a bunch of stuff about mites too, obviously you're the only one who can judge which it's mostly likely to be and what to order, but I would strongly encourage you to try urge your parents to take them to the vet.

Best of luck :) 




 This is both adorable and so painfully relatable. I'm sure you've not ruined your chances though OP, just talk to her again some other time or whatevs. 




 I am going to meet you, jummywus_throwaway, I am going to meet you and then we will be buddies. Oh yes.

(N.B. not meant to sound threatening) 




 Thanks I'll take a look :-)
Edit: that seems like a nice community but isn't exactly the type of thing I'm looking for. Thanks though 




 Thanks but I actually have relatively clear skin. I do lurk a lot in skincare addiction though; good skincare routine is important, yo ;-) 




 But for the love of God *not* another fat acceptance sub, not that those aren't super, I'm sure. But as someone who isn't fat I feel rather alienated by them. 

I have had issues with my face for years, after a spot of bullying, but really have a hard time finding places online to talk about it or read about other people's experiences. It's starting to stop me going out to places so much these past few months, particularly when I'm stressed, and I just want to get things back on track and not worry so much about it. Hearing from like-minded people could be a real help but I've no idea where to start.

My boyfriend has suggested treating me to having a makeover or whatever from a professional but the idea of having another women near to and judging my face makes me teary and worried to just think about. I've made getting comfortable enough to make that happen my goal and would like to see how people in a similar situation got there :)

So I guess some similar sub where people work through and share advice about social phobias could also be helpful, though not exactly specifically relevant.

Ideas? 




 Yeah Book Depository is a good site. I also recommend a book price comparison site called 'Book Butler' which basically searches many online book shops (Amazon, Abe Books, Book Depository...) and finds you the cheapest price for any title. It's saved me a bit of money over the years :) 




 That's great news. Glad your piggie's all happy and healthy again :) 




 Ditto the people on /r/childfree and the guys on MGTOW forums.

Edit: thinking/talking about children and women, that is. 




 Only the prolapsed anus is tagged as porn though. Which makes you wonder... 




 Hamsters and rodents are the worst in these dreams for me. I am always frantically trying to find enough secure cages to keep them in, trying to separate them so they don't breed and trying to remember their names. It's such a distressing dream. I have these sorts of dreams about once a week, since I was perhaps about twelve years old. 




 Oh my gosh, you have no idea how reassuring it is to see that other people have these dreams too! For years I've had dreams where I stumble upon a room in my house filled with pets who died years ago IRL but apparently I've just forgotten about and are languishing and suffering horribly. Horrible, every time.
 




 Always a risky game when on a laptop touchpad and you nearly 'like' something from four years ago 




 Yep, this was how I knew I liked ASMR. I am a girl but I'm not hugely interested in makeup, I will sit through endless makeup tutorials though. The brushes, the colours, the soft speaking about something I couldn't care less about... Bliss. 




 The girl in the painting, man, that really haunted me as a child... 




 I...I'm going to go hug my boyfriend now... 




 Good morning Lemmiwinks :D I wanted to call our hamster that, but sadly the boyfriend opted for 'Sonia' instead 




 I think gOD doesn't even real. 




 Yeah I've been to a fair amount of comedy shows that weren't exactly funny and still pity-laughed. Sometimes you have to laugh, to relieve the tension and out of pity for the comedian... 




 /r/spacedicks ಠ_ಠ 




 Well this is freaking adorable. 




 It's only been in a few days but I've found it ok for cleaning purposes so far. I can wash the removable cushiony insert seperately, but I've also stuffed a fleece blanket in there too as another layer of bedding. We'll see how this works out in the long run. But as for poop removal it's perfectly easy, and for washing I can just stick the whole thing in with the rest of the fleece :) 




 Considering it cost me less than £6 I'm very happy with it. Now my boys have two decent covered beds to go to should they want some space (uneutered boars reaching that hormonal stage so :p not that they don't get on well). It's really soft on the inside and has a super fleecy insert that seems very comfy. Maybe it's a little big for piggies, being designed for cats, but it's a good shape  and provides decent cover, and if you have multiple pigs they could easily on pile in there together. If Tristram (pictured) ends up chewing it to pieces then I'm not too fussed given that it was relatively inexpensive, but I can see it lasting a good while, maybe requiring a regular wash with the rest of their fleece. 

TL:DR It's cheap and would totes recommend. 




 Thank you :) He really is an awesome piggie 




 Sadly not, good old fashioned Amazon http://www.amazon.co.uk/Lovely-Strawberry-Soft-Cashmere-Foldable/dp/B00CPW7UBS/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8qid=1408050000sr=8-1keywords=strawberry+bed+cat 









 That's just the thing I think. People can feel really uncomfortable having someone come up to them and divulging all these terrible feelings they've been having. Which is a shame, and we should all try to be more open and receptive to how others are feeling, and to be comfortable talking about emotions. If you're at your wits end and you've summoned up your last ounce of courage to open up to someone about how you feel, then you need them to care. 




 I think there's a weird sort of duality with mental health and other unseen illnesses. I know that (and maybe I'm just lucky here?) but were I to tell any of my fellow students or friends that I was suffering from anxiety or depression, they'd be perfectly sympathetic. But having said that, I find that answering the question "how are you?" with anything other than some variation of "fine" isn't normally so well-received. Not that I go around telling people I'm unhappy, and for the most part I'd consider myself a reasonably happy person these days, but you get the idea. 

TL:DR I think that people are generally very sympathetic to mental health problems as concepts (in my experience) but that people don't normally feel comfortable or able to respond to the immediate details of them or the emotions involved. Or something. 




 Right? What is wrong with everyone else's diets to make them need an hour? I remember as a tween, my friend and I were talking about some book or other and she mentioned incidentally that she read most of it on-and-off in the bathroom. Being sat down in the bathroom long enough to read even a page seems weird to me.

...This is all getting a bit into tmi-territory for my liking though... 




 Oh that little tongue blep! She looks like such a sweetie, go Tillie! 




 So glad he's on the mend, thanks for keeping us updated :) 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5I9izys2ek Childhood nightmare fuel. 




 TIL, I have not ever slept with anyone. Huh. 




 I own YOLO socks, because they were neon, in Primark, and marked down to £1, and came with three(?) other pairs of socks (saying things like "swag", and "totes"). Apart from when I wear those socks in a perfectly ironic manner, I have never seen any other "swag" or "yolo" stuff irl. Maybe I just don't go outside enough. 




 Oh God yes I am so making sure to get a picture like this if I ever give birth.

Actually props to her for just being able to stand about and shit so soon after giving birth. 




 :D 




 Rushmore, by Wes Anderson 




 So adorbs. I love them :3 




 Aw crap I just realised I unwittingly named my guinea after the most hated character in (the American version of) The Office... 




 So true, so true... 




 Shut up, Toby, you don't know my life... 




