 The coffee with butter sounds like bulletproof coffee. Lots of paleo and keto dieters drink it. If I drink it I'll just make I myself, or get heavy whipping cream in my coffee.  




 Mittens, but yeah. Baby nails are like razors and when he's hungry he likes to stretch and scratch his face. He's almost outgrown them so I don't know what we will do when that happens! No amount of cutting and filing has helped 




 For the sake of his daughter he needs to form a bond with her, and that means sucking it up and dealing with her when she cries.  He needs to learn how to soothe her.  My dad didn't help out at all when I was a baby, he never changed a diaper or fed me or anything, and I grew up semi-afraid of him and I didn't trust him at all.  I know it's anecdotal, but maybe it'll help. 




 A guy in my ex-boyfriend's neighborhood bred a flock of guineafowl and let them loose. They were frequently seen roaming in packs.

edit: http://www.chron.com/news/houston-texas/article/Neighborhood-guinea-fowl-are-loved-loathed-1524146.php

nvm seems they escaped from a local business 




 I think I could do that.  I'll see if I can go a whole day tomorrow without one, I've only been back on them for a few weeks after pregnancy.  For some reason I hated diet coke when I was pregnant. 




 I was 215 pre-pregnancy and am 240 now, so I feel you. 




 Same.  Ate whatever I wanted when I was pregnant and now I'm up 25 lbs.  My first goal weight is my pre-pregnancy weight :( 




 (Artificially) Sweet Jesus, I want to say yes but my brain is going "NOOO DON'T DO IT YOU NEED YOUR DIET COKE!!!"

Sigh... I'm in.  The only thing I can't give up is my post-lifting workout protein powder, which I think has a little splenda or something in it. 




 I figured we needed a (Christian) female redditor with a male baby to even the score ) 




 I wish I could do that.  No matter where I place my monitors, they're always visible from the cubicle-hallway. 




 Baby (related) pictures incoming!!

[Chillin' on the couch](http://i.imgur.com/EetmFq4.jpg)

[A Christmas gift](http://i.imgur.com/ioahrxA.png)

[Chilin' in the rock and play with his longhorn wubbanub](http://i.imgur.com/6WKRebB.png)

[Hanging out with Uncle Matt](http://i.imgur.com/20byTa3.jpg)

[We're just relaxing, listening to the family](http://i.imgur.com/iY488x0.jpg)

[With Gigi at Christmas Eve](http://i.imgur.com/Deh37Tn.jpg)

[In his new Christmas bumbo](http://i.imgur.com/8h59J7t.jpg)

[Meeting Aunt Leslie](http://i.imgur.com/pW1L8Hs.jpg)

As for what I look forward to this year:

* Watching Rhys grow and develop into a mobile, babbling toddler

* Getting my butt to the gym 2-3x weekly for weight lifting 




 Yeah today's a different story.  My boss came to me with a small task that seemed designed to keep me busy for a while but I finished it in 10 minutes and now I'm back to the same ol' thing. 




 The only reason I can get away with it is because I'm support staff.  If nobody needs me to do anything, I have no work to do otherwise.  And I can't leave because someone may need me later in the day. 




 Agreed.  I have to reddit carefully because I have people sneaking up on me all the time. 




 Some questions:

1. Do you have other employees that work in the office with you?

2. Is your office pretty sound-proof when you close the door?

If you have other employees in your building but outside your office door and your office isn't mostly sound-proof, I would think very hard about this decision.  It could definitely mess with the other employee's morale and be annoying to hear a baby cry what could be every 15 minutes, even if you deal with the baby quickly.   




 I'm really sorry about your loss.  The only thing that would help me stay diligent is that, for me, keto keeps my hormones in check and helps me with fertility issues.  Your hormones are probably going crazy right now following this, and keto as always helped me mentally as well.  




 Because they perfected it in high school back when writing notes was popular and it stuck. 




 [Sauce](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YT7iWSFbZ0) 









 I had problems with boiled eggs for the longest time until I tried this recipe: 

http://www.foodnetwork.com/videos/hard-cooked-heaven-0133016.html

Takes less time overall and I've never had an issue peeling them when following this recipe. 




 As a new parent is it even worth it to follow your tips on sleep if I'm up once or twice a night for 30 minutes to feed my 2 month old son?  Or am I screwed until he sleeps through the night? 




 Your doctor knows more than you do, with years of education and experience.  Just because you've googled and are the pregnant one doesn't make you smarter than your doctor.  Listen to your doctor, don't put your baby at risk just because your MIL will be in town.

edit:  Since IUGR affects a baby’s growth since they’re not getting the nutrients they need, it ABSOLUTELY DOES affect their development. A 4 pound baby is smaller and weaker than an 8 pound baby every single time. Dating ultrasounds are more accurate than ovulation and LMP. 




 Plus my pediatrician said not to use the aspirator unless their nasal cavities are clearly full of snot.  One hanging booger? out comes mommy's finger! 




 Clearing baby's nose.  I can't help it, if I see a booger I can get to with my long nail I'm going to get it! 




 Why not give her a cup of milk with a small amount of coffee in it (like a tablespoon or teaspoon [~4mg of caffeine])?  That way you can both enjoy your own "coffee" without having to watch your cup like a hawk and have her steal mouthfuls at a time. 




 I'm shocked how few people know how to use Visio.  It's one of my favorite programs!  




 Yeah we have one of those and it works pretty well, but only in the living room where it's easier to rock (laminate flooring).  So I'll lay down on the couch at 2am rocking him back and forth in it while I'm asleep. 




 Can I join in? I hate how my son sleeps so easily during the day but when it's time to go to sleep at night it takes 2 hours to get him to sleep.  I'm thankful that he goes a solid 5-6 hours between feedings at night, but getting him to sleep after that feeding takes an hour or two so I can still only get 3 hours max in that time.  Rocking him without a rocking chair or glider sucks, especially since I'm still fat and weak and get exhausted easily. 




 My overhang belly.  I didn't have one before I had my kid and now I have a tummy curtain.  Working on it. 




 Awesome! Thanks for the help :) 




 I'll have to try that out.  I can handle some caffeine, but many I've seen have 200mg per scoop, which would probably be too much for me (since one grande coffee at Starbucks gives me the jitters) 




 I've never taken a preworkout before, tbh.  I just get jittery when I drink coffee. 




 Ok this is going to be off topic but since you say you have shelves of supplements:  is there any type of pre-workout that provides energy without much caffeine?  I'm sensitive to the caffeine jitters but I want to start lifting before work but need some energy. 




 Sitting at my desk at work, freaking exhausted.  Christmas was awesome, baby boy got passed around so I got to enjoy eggnog (with rum AND brandy).  Sister and BIL are coming into town tonight and staying with us for a week, so that will be fun.  

No baby pictures this week, though. Haven't been on top of my baby picture game. 




 There's also one that looks like Outlook and one that looks like programming code 




 Sub $2 where I am.  It's wonderful, and I work for O G 




 I feel the same about baklava. 




 Texas!!

Not surprising, really. 




 Are you female and do you have $50/month in disposable income?  Solar or acrylic nails.  That's the only thing that has worked for me, and it comes with a bonus: my nails always look good.  You can't really bite solar nails off.   




 Do you have patterns or did you just improvise? 




 Hell, I'm religious and I don't like to think about it.  While my religion offers hope for the afterlife, I'm an agnostic theist so I can't with any certainty say "yes, my beliefs are correct and I'm going to heaven after I die."   




 Nowadays it's pretty much a choral song.  Sang it in high school choir and my church choir sang it last Sunday. 




 I currently work for a small oil   gas engineering company and we're doing amazingly well, hiring more people all the time.   




 I'm forcing my husband to do this.  We both know what we have under the tree but I don't want to continue our shitty tradition of opening presents on Dec 19th, especially now that we have a kid. 




 I have a 2 month old son.  I'm not looking forward to that phase, or the inevitability of me walking in on him masturbating as a teenager. 




 If any of my friends ever mention a detox I always ask them if they're doing it because their liver and kidneys have failed.   




 Living on the 3rd floor in Houston I never had a roach problem.  Silverfish, sure, but no roaches.  Now that I have a house we get maybe one or two roaches a month, but nothing too bad considering I can go outside and find 5 in my backyard. 




 Very common.  I live in suburbia, in a very safe neighborhood, but I still feel uncomfortable walking to our mailbox down the street at night.   




 This is our first Christmas with a child so I'm still working out the traditions part.  We will not be continuing the tradition of opening presents a week before Christmas due to impatience, though.  

The only tradition we are continuing from my husband's childhood is that we celebrate Christmas Eve with his family by eating fajitas. 




 Do you find yourself wanting to snap every time he cries for longer than 10 seconds?  Have you considered PPD?  Honestly my depression manifests itself in the form of anger.  I get easily angry at everything, screaming at other drivers on the road in my car, snapping at my husband really easily.  If you find yourself wanting to snap at every little thing you may need to talk to your doctor.   




 My husband does the exact same thing.  I'll ask if he's asleep and when he says no I'll ask him to do something tomorrow or have a mini-conversation with him.  Then he has no clue what happened the next morning.  There have even been times where I've had a panic attack and he stood up and hugged me and calmed me down and remembered none of it the next morning when I apologize for getting him up. 




 I feel the same way.  Here in Houston we have Shipley's and every other donut is garbage in comparison.  A Dunkin Donuts opened near me, first DD in the area, and I have tried multiple kinds of their donuts and they are all disgusting.   




 There have been studies done to show the benefits of certain essential oils.  haven't found any *studies* on the dangers of them, but there are articles out there outlining how EOs should not be used (which aren't as reliable as studies).  I agree that certain EOs have some good uses, but I don't believe they should take the place of medicines like my acquaintance claims.

http://www.naha.org/explore-aromatherapy/safety 




 There are some things that can cause a substantially slower metabolism.  Specifically in females, PCOS coupled with insulin resistance has showed to reduce BMR up to 700 calories/day.

I have this and multiple endocrinologists have told me that the only way I will be able to lose weight is by eating an extremely low carb diet, and either exercise daily or eat around 1300 calories if I don't.  So that's what I'm doing. 

The reason that they suggest low carb is because when people with insulin resistance eat carbs, more insulin than needed is excreted in the bloodstream, leaving an excess amount of insulin after carbs have been digested.  Excess insulin can leave you with an unbelievable craving for more carbs, so you eat more.

Source: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18678372 




 I have had people (one woman in particular) do that to me about essential oils.  "Well, my entire family had strep so I put some frankincense in the diffuser with some lavender and lemon and the next day we woke up with no fever and no sore throat."

How she knew that was strep without a culture done is beyond me. 




 The one in Vintage Park has prearranged seating.  You pick it at the register on a touch screen.  This may only be at peak hours, though.   




 [Meeting Santa for the first time](http://i.imgur.com/JgGL6EG.jpg)

[Chilling in his bouncy chair](http://i.imgur.com/FvNrxf3.jpg) 




 Does the average 8 hours need to be mostly uninterrupted? I'm a new mom who is up one or two times a night for at least 30 minutes. If I get 8 hours of sleep (assuming my need is average) but am awake for two 30/minute increments will I fare the same as those who don't have those awake times in the middle of the night? 




 She's got power brows. 




 I mean, no matter what his K/D ratio, if he divided it would never be negative. 




 I was terrified that my cats would jump on my baby and smother him.  In reality what really happened is they stay away.  They may lay next to me while I'm feeding him but they generally will just look when he's crying and wander away.  They want nothing to do with him.  

My cats also behaved similarly when I was pregnant.  They wouldn't leave my side and were all over me.  Now they relish any love they can get because I'm preoccupied most of the time. 




 I can't even fathom a 5:20 mile... Last time I ran I was slowly trudging along at 13 minute mile.  Go you, superwoman. 




 i have a few people who are my awesome reddit friends that i met through the IRC chat rooms that some subreddits have going. 




 The way I got past that is thinking "how realistic is it that my blood test results would change that quickly?"  and I made myself keep thinking it over and over again any time some health anxiety would pop up.  

I would think "i just had my blood test 2 months ago, it's very unlikely my liver enzymes are now through the roof." Eventually it started working, but that's just my experience. 




 YES that's the one.  I figure I'm on Metformin, which has torn me up in the past (bloating, cramps, gas, etc...) so i can handle any side effects. 




 True.  I guess I'm just used to how it worked at the small school I went to.  Each parent in my school had the address and phone number of the other parents in their child's grade in case of projects, missing homework, or activities. 




 I have iBS-C too.  I jumped for joy when I saw a commercial for a drug that can treat IBS-C and chronic constipation.  Gonna talk to my doctor about it next time i go. 




 I guess so.  It's just a bag of candy or small toys given as a "thank you" for attending. 




 But you would think RSVPs would have been sent out so the parents could plan for food and gift bags and such. 




 Why are parents such shitheads sometimes?  I would imagine for a child's birthday they usually request RSVPs so they can plan for stuff like food and goody bags.  So that means 30 parents RSVP'd and 29 parents flaked/forgot.

If anyone ever does that to my kid I'm going to call the parents out on their rude behavior. 




 Ahhh JWH 018.  I stupidly smoked a shit ton of that in college.  




 That's amazing.  My son is only 8 weeks old and doesn't give a shit who holds him so I'm hoping it'll be a decent picture.  




 corn tortillas are at every grocery store in Texas.  Mock chicken strips can be found at places like whole foods, though most grocery stores here have frozen/chilled vegetarian sections with fake meats. 




 All the True Christians^TM can be found in /r/Sidehugs 




 For future reference, can you just take a hose to car seats? 




 True :) I was more referring to candid pictures I've been captured in a lot of recently (thanks, company Christmas party.  never dancing again...) but those are usuallly worse because they catch one frame of movement that you're going through.  Could look awesome as a movement but that single frame just looks ridiculous. 




 Yup, mine grunts ALL THE TIME at night.  We've started to go 5-7 hours between feedings at night, but for the first hour he just grunts constantly.  We're not bed sharing but he's next to my bed.  I've found the sleep machine helps a little bit, but if he's awake and doesn't want to sleep he will grunt. 




 I always assume I look like the ass I see in pictures.  When I look in the mirror I'm seeing something different than the world sees (even if just slightly so).  In front of the mirror I'm standing still, not interacting with the world, usually not even talking.  All those things I do when I'm not in front of the mirror affect my appearance.  

So while I may feel attractive when I look in the mirror in the morning, I know from seeing pictures and videos of myself that I'm an ok looking fat girl.  I would say I was hideous and weird looking if it weren't for my husband insisting I am beautiful. 




 You've got some competition this year! 




 I think I'm going to take Rhys to get his picture taken with Santa this weekend.  Husband doesn't want to raise him with the Santa mythos but agreed to let me get his picture taken this year, especially since we didn't do a birth announcement or Christmas card.

[Sleepy](http://i.imgur.com/MdqM4gY.jpg)

[Asleep](http://i.imgur.com/zjVJdJo.jpg)

[Superman](http://i.imgur.com/jTnTcxY.jpg) 




 Most women, regardless of their size, have cellulite. 




 CI seems to have a good rating on Charity Navigator:

http://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.summary orgid=3555#.VIn40zHF9HU 




 She sounds like the MIL version of High Expectations Asian Father. 




 Baby smiled for the first time this week. 

Got news at the company Christmas party that everyone will be receiving raises and/or a bonus this year (for the first time in over 3 years), which is really awesome because I've been without a paycheck for the last 11 weeks.  

Got asked to be the holy family in our church's Christmas Eve service. 




 FIRST GRIN http://i.imgur.com/kMl6IBa.jpg 




 I'm so glad you went into that. I have a 7 week old. No co sleeping allowed, no loose blankets, no unsupervised Tummy time. I feel a lot better now that I have read what you wrote about SIDS. 

Edit: how dare I find solace in a stranger's words! How dare I follow the American pediatrics association's recommendations for safe sleeping! I don't cosleep because I am overweight and move a lot in my sleep. I don't trust my unconscious self enough to sleep in the same bed with my infant. If you are different, great for you. But I take solace in her words because it's healthier for me than to stay awake worrying every night for the next 10 months. If SIDS does exist, I'm doing everything recommended to avoid it, so worrying won't get me anywhere.  




 I'm fat and average height and my husband is fat and tall.  We're working on the fat parts.  When I was single I didn't want to date anyone skinnier than me. 




 My company Christmas party was at a Chinese restaurant where we ate 12 courses family style, with a lot of wine.  Definitely took a break from keto that day.  And since I was cheating that night, I went ahead and had a sandwich, fries, spinach and artichoke dip, a cannoli, a piece of cheesecake, and a cookie.

I'm honestly surprised I didn't gain anything...  yet.  I'm sure in 3 days it'll catch up to me and BAM, 5 pounds. 




 I have bookmarked this to listen to tonight after work because this topic is of great importance to me.  Mental illness runs pretty rampant in my family.  My father had severe depression and anxiety, and both my sister and I seem to have inherited it, albeit to a lesser degree (thankfully).  The church I grew up in (Southern Baptist megachurch) seemed to brush off mental illness as an indication that Satan was on the attack.  Every time I would bring up my illness to anyone at church or my extended family, I would be told to just pray it out, that Satan was clearly attacking me and my family.  

After high school and in college I finally got some real help outside the church, through CBT and medication.  I am currently on anti-depressants for anxiety and depression, and I am a member of a church that recognizes that mental illness needs to be treated the same as physical illnesses, with medical intervention as well as prayers of encouragement.

Because there was a lot of healing prayer done in my sake in my grade school years, I am very skeptical of healing prayer's effect overall in any situation. It is absolutely unacceptable in my opinion to offer prayer instead of medical intervention.  Many people I grew up with would agree with that in the case of physical illness, but with mental illness prayer is the only necessity to overcome it. 




 Unfortunately it seems that there is no solution to the problems at hand.  It seems like a majority of the active users want you to step down, but you refuse (for seemingly no other reason other than how much time you've put in to the subreddit).  So basically there are 3 options: mass exodus to a new subreddit that shares the same function, conducting a protest by not participating in the subreddit until things change, or just shrug and move along.  The third option is obviously what will happen, so why even bring attention to this ordeal at all? Why not just stay silent on the matter, say "good riddance," and try to find a moderator team that will go along with what you and brucemo want? 

If you don't care about what the community wants, why even involve the community at all in the behind-the-scenes happenings?  It seems like you think you know what's best for the community.  




 There *is* such thing as a slow metabolism, though.  

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18678372 




 There are some syndromes that can affect BMR by up to 800 calories/day, like PCOS.  Source: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18678372 




 I wouldn't be surprised if that kid was still breastfeeding by the looks of it. 




 Wow, this would even be good for people who do keto.  Most wheat bran I see is 10g carbs, 7g fiber.  Nice! 




 My 27 year old husband does that.  But he works from home, too, so it helps him pass the time by having it on in the background. 




 We have a guy like this in our office.  If someone gets stuck in a conversation with him, someone who notices will go to another office/cubicle and call the trapped person's phone requesting they come to a random person's office for help with something.   




 I needed this. I've been back on keto for the first time in a year due to pregnancy and laziness and the first 3 days were spent eating mission carb balance tortillas and sugar free Reese's. Neither are bad if you only have one per day but I was eating a lot more. Doing better starting now. Thanks for this.  




 Got engaged to my husband who was LCMS Lutheran.  After much discussion with him and much studying of the Bible I came to realize my views line up a lot more with Lutheran than SB.  There are things that I still don't "get", like the Lutheran view of Communion ("in, with, and under") and some things I may not agree with some Lutherans on (like the implications of infant baptism).

After we got married we looked at how the LCMS (and our home church in particular) was being run and our views on social matters like LGBT and we decided to make the switch to ELCA. 




 I was raised SB and went Lutheran.  It's wayyy different, but awesome. 




 Episcopalian. 




 Day 4 of being back on keto after giving birth and recovering.  Husband bought me sugar free Reese's on day 2 and I suffered awful consequences yesterday.  Never again.  Macros are looking good otherwise! 




 OMFG Sunflowers.  In middle school a girl at church camp broke her bottle in the cabin.  I've only smelled it a couple of times since then but holy hell I almost vomit every time. 




 I haven't been to the gym in a year.  Took off for thanksgiving and christmas 2013, was lazy in january and february, then found out i was pregnant in march.  Now I'm recovered from childbirth and want to go back to the gym and start doing SL again, but I want my husband to go with me to check my form.  Last time I tried SL alone my form was horrible and I almost injured myself.  

Husband is being super lazy and keeps saying he'll start keto and the gym on January 1.  DAMNIT I WANT TO GO NOWWWWW. 




 Are you in the US? If so, and you have health insurance, you may have a nurse's line through your insurance.  I always call them first in situations like this. 




  It doesn't appear to say that.

You're right, I misread.  That was inferred from a commentary I read about the passage.   




 I'm a 27 year old woman living in Texas (born and raised).  I sadly don't have many hobbies at the moment, but when I have time I enjoy reading, crocheting, crosswords, and playing Hearthstone.  I grew up in a Southern Baptist church but am now a member of the ELCA due to in depth theological discussions with my husband and realizing my beliefs fall more in line with ELCA than SB. 




 I second this suggestion.  Completely changed my view of the afterlife. 




 Didn't Jesus send a few of his disciples with a sword when they were traveling to defend themselves from robbers? [Luke 22:35-38]

Edit: Nope, he doesn't say that's what the swords are for.  I must have read that inference in a commentary.  I really should read the passages fully before I put them on here :D) 




 Stretchy.  I'm going to get a woven one soon. 




 Unloading some baby pics on yall:

[Hanging with kitty](http://i.imgur.com/H9LeHvR.jpg)

[baby wearing!](http://i.imgur.com/GjHq8zz.jpg)

[sick of pictures being taken!](http://i.imgur.com/y2spzg2.jpg)

[ready for my close up](http://i.imgur.com/Law5hcG.jpg)

[tummy time with dad!](http://i.imgur.com/tgNLpgT.jpg)
 




 If your address says Houston I would try HFCU or another local one (for example, if you live in Cy Fair, there's Cy Fair Federal Credit Union).  I have HFCU and they're pretty good, mom uses CFFCU for her car loan and she's happy with it. 




 No wonder 30 Rock made Gerhardt Hapsburg so inbred and messed up.  He was related to Charles II. 




 Thanks!  He'll be 7 weeks tomorrow, and yes he's our first.  Dad works from home, so he's with him all day while I'm stuck in a horrible office.

Edit: [Look at my kid!](http://imgur.com/mmzh0F3) 




 Houston is better than Dallas.  Have to agree with you there.  But being a native Houstonian my views are biased. 




 I have a FB friend (girl I knew in HS) who wrote a status a couple years ago about her boyfriend saying basically that exact thing to her.  2 months later and they're engaged, currently married.  I can't help but think that marriage is doomed all due to that status. 




 I guess it makes sense, though I'd rather LO have a bruised noggin than suffocate. 




 When do trans persons start using the other restroom?  As soon as he/she decides to transition? After they've started hormones?  Is there an etiquette to that decision? 




