 Will you be adding more anytime soon?  




 Duuude, these are awesome! 




 I'm doing CBT, started off in January once a week, now it's once every 2 weeks.  




 Been taking it for roughly a week or two, started off at 75mg and then got put upto 150mg (started today). Mainly for anxiety, depressive thoughts. Also recently diagnosed with borderline personality disorder too though. So far, all I've been getting is relentless headaches and the occasional nauseous feeling. 

Anyone else the same way? or had any luck with venlafaxine in the long run? 




 If you feel confident enough. Just wear what you want. If not then, there's probably some cream/makeup sort of options to blend it in with your skin color a bit or perhaps collared shirts. Might not hide it all, but at least disguise a little  




 1. Does CBT work for BPD? or will I be reffered to a new therapist? 

2. I've been reading a lot about all this and I've seen a few times that therapists (apparently) don't like treating people with BPD, is this true? 

Extra information: Since I was 17 (now 19) I've been (on/off) seeing therapists, specifically doing CBT. The one I'm seeing at the moment, as far as I'm aware is only trained in cbt techniques. I only recently got diagnosed last week with BPD so it's all fairly new to me. 




 There was two officials that had a clear view that was a handball, useless.  




 They're about 7-8 months old, I've seen tattoos covering deeper redder scars so I figured it would be alright. If not; I should be able to go a bit further up as the scars are white/fully healed. 

Thanks  




 The red-ish ones are my main concern, I do have a tattoo booked but I never mentioned the scars to the artist. So, I figured I'd post her for some opinions 

http://imgur.com/phuDnWF 




 The venlafaxine is more for anxiety but I was told it could also help the BPD side of things. Anyone else in the same situation? what can I expect? 




 so unbelievably legit.  




 Not in the UK :(  




 Nope, but I will now  




 Awesome to see someone understanding the reference.  




