 I also have depression so I understand where you are coming from. Have you considered some sort of support group or group therapy? It may help if you surround yourself with people who are trying to get better. 




 After watching Gone Girl, I sat in silence for five minutes while in the pitch dark.  




 Chances are she won't admit to it if she has been gaslighting. From my experiences, gaslighters will never admit to being in the wrong: this is how they achieve the gaslighting, by denying the evidence.  




 People take pick-up basketball way too seriously 




 Sounds like you need more mature friends 




  but you menfolk can be sensitive about these things. 

Oh forbid that a man actually has feelings 




 That I was suicidal  




 My dad avoids anything sex related. He starts yelling and making a big scene when a sex scene comes on if we are watching a movie. 

So the answer is no.  




 I once dated a girl who truly was not a very affectionate person. I often had to ask. People are not mind readers. Sometimes, you have to ask for what you want.  




 Right back at you, sir
 




 An abusive relationship is similar to traveling deep in the ocean. You start to become lost in your own world, therefore, you begin to rationalize things. 

I would often make excuses for her behavior: "She didn't mean it this time, she was just having a bad day, she's not like this all of the time". 

It does not matter what your friends and family tell you; also, chances are she has isolated you from their reach. You begin to sink deeper and deeper in this ocean until you suffocate. You either realize what's going on or you're stuck.  




 Exactly this. I was at a point in the relationship where it didn't matter what my friends or family said. I was the one who actively chose her, every time. Thankfully, it hit me one day and I realized that she wasn't going to change. So I got up and left.  




 Hayley Williams of Paramore 




 Video Games is such a beautiful song 




 No I don't and I really wish I did.  




 Trunks. I used to like boxer briefs but designers make the legs so long now.  




 I was emotionally abandoned as a child. Therefore, in order to survive my own emotions, I emotionally abandoned myself. Consequently, I have some deeply rooted abandonment issues. 

In my relationships, I have abandoned lovers in fear of them abandoning me. I've also been abandoned. 

I have been trying to work on this. I tend to repress my emotions so I blotted out the memories of my mind. I figured it out when the memories started coming back subconsciously.  




 In what ways did your ex abuse you? If you want to respond in PM that's fine too 




 I understand your concept of marriage 




 Threads like this really give me hope. Most of the people who shape the perception of men are not men. I do not understand how people try to define masculinity and argue how men never suffer oppression, if they are not men. 

When will society open its eyes?  




 About an hour, but that normally includes showering, eating breakfast, packing bags, and sometimes ironing clothes  




 If we are truly best friends, then I would love him regardless 




 I couldn't grow a full beard until 22. I really think it has to do with genetics. 

On the contrary, neither my father nor my grandfather can grow a full beard. Therefore, I must have some distant relative's genetics on my mother's side.  




 Beauty and the Beast because of Beast's character development 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/2rfmix/who_was_the_last_person_who_held_you_while_you/

Take a moment to look at the responses from this thread a few months back that asked men to share who was the last person who held them when they cried. Many of the answers are their mother during their childhood. This is unacceptable. 

Until society, including other men and women, learn to validate men's emotions, we will continue to have the mental health struggles. Men are humans, too.  




 I think the part that you are missing here is the threatening sacrifice. In other words, my emotions were manipulated to the point where if I said no I would have been attacked emotionally. 

From your comment reply, you said this as if some women feel as if they must sacrifice to please their partner. All relationships have sacrifices. However, I was forced to sacrifice for my emotional safety. That type of sacrifice is never okay in any relationship. 

No one should have to fear the consequences if they want to say no to sex. And I did.  




 Always carry a shovel. In other words, always be prepared to dig yourself out of a situation  




 I told myself I wasn't going to tell this story in fear that my ex would find my Reddit account, but I will not allow her to run my life. 

My ex girlfriend and I decided not to engage in sexual activity until we were married. I had my beliefs and values about sex. However, I always felt the pressure from her to do whatever I could not consider sexual intercourse. 

One night, she was staying the night at my place and we start making out. Clothes start to come off and at this point, I knew we were close to the heat of the moment. I also knew my values and I did not want to go further than those. However, there was always some sort of emotional consequence if I didn't do something she wanted. She would criticize me by saying I was either being selfish or too passive or not manly enough. There was one occurrence when she started crying because I wasn't being sexual enough with her. 

So, I knew I had to do something to please her. I had to give up my body or face her criticism. So, we do some sexual things. The body doesn't lie though. I did not even become aroused. She thought it was because I didn't like her. I knew that I had to either do what she wanted or face some emotional punishment. As soon as it was over, I laid on my side of the bed and felt so helpless. I have never felt so powerless. 

And that was how I was sexually coerced. It fucked me up pretty bad and it still haunts me to this day to know that she had that much power over my body. 

 




 I think everyone struggles with confidence at some point in their lives. No matter how many compliments I receive, I still have my moments of insecurity. 

Ultimately, I think in order to love yourself you need to know yourself. Figure out what you enjoy and what you don't enjoy. You can love yourself by being around people you enjoy and doing things that you enjoy. 

OP, how well do you know yourself? 




 Finding the hole 




 Experiencing mental illness/delusions  




 The Need to Know by Wale 




 Hispanic 




 These are two of my favorite Coldplay songs. I guess you do not enjoy their acoustic stuff as much  




 Princess of China takes the cake  




 "But he gotta get rid of these hoes for me" 




 Families who kick their child out because he or she is gay 




 I don't think it's important to feel needed. However, I have noticed from my ex-girlfriends that most of them think feeling needed is very important. 

My last ex-girlfriend often complained that I didn't need her in my life because I wouldn't show my needy and tender sides. She thinks that I don't need anyone. I'm just a very self reliant person.  




 There was a time when my family's opinion dictated all of my decisions; now, that is not the case. I will say that once your relationship progresses into something more serious, family matters become a little more important. That's if you strongly value family. If you don't value family as much, then you will be fine.  




 $250 




 Playing basketball and a guy on the opposite team was trying to save the ball from going out of bounds. He tried to forcefully throw the ball in bounds. Hit me right in crotch.  




 When I was younger: baseball (12 years) basketball (8 years) soccer (2 years). 

Now, volleyball.  




 My volleyball teammates and I make jokes about when people say it's a girls' sport. I'm a volleyball player too, but indoor. What position do you play? 




 I've always believed that I would have OCD for the rest of my life so it's interesting to hear that from your perspective 




 OCD is not an adjective. Please do not ever say that "you're so OCD" or that "you're OCD about something".  




 So you're telling me that you don't have OCD anymore? 




 I would say that I have nightmares at least twice a week. Tell me about your nightmares. How often? What do you do when you wake up from one? Do you remember your worst one?  




 In Your Atmosphere by John Mayer 




 I came here to say this 




 I have a friend who has OCD and has been a strong contributor to this subreddit. He has been such a support system for me, I honestly don't know what I would do without him.  




 Among all the people I have encountered in my life, I have only met two people who have diagnosed OCD. How many people do you know personally who have OCD?  




 Some girls just want attention  




 Maybe your parents had to bail you out of jail. Maybe your parents helped you out with a significant amount of debt. Maybe your parents dressed up as your favorite superhero for your birthday. 

Whatever it is, I want to hear the ways in which your family helped you when you needed it most. If they didn't help you, what moment did you need them the most?  




 Wasting my time with a girl from Tinder 




