 And they always put it on speaker phone. Always. 




 When I was a little kid I drank a bottle of cough syrup when I was sick (my parents left it out) because I thought drinking the whole thing would make me feel better quicker. I don't remember how my parents found out, but they had to take me to the hospital, where I had to drink something called a "charcoal milkshake" (I don't even know) that was the most disgusting thing I've ever had. 




 I have Celiac and I would still ask. Like I said, cross-contamination is a really common thing and asking is still important. Also I'm pretty sure most steaks come with some sort of marinade or rub on them, so you have to double check that there isn't a gluten ingredient in them. 




 I mean, we know the ingredients we can't eat, but we don't know what ingredients make up every single recipe.  




 Well there are a lot of sauces and marinades out there that have gluten in them, so I don't think it's unreasonable or a mark of stupidity for a person to take the precaution of asking just to be sure. Maybe *some* people ask just because they're part of a dieting fad, but people who have Celiac disease are in real danger of cross-contamination every time they eat at a restaurant and need extra reassurance that they won't end up sick for the next few days. Personally I'd rather have a waiter think I'm "stupid" than be unnecessarily sick. 




 [Bionaturae](http://www.bionaturae.com/gluten-free-pasta.html) is my personal favorite--it has the same texture as regular pasta, but it's made with rice, soy, and potato. I get it at my local Whole Foods. My only complaint with it is that you pretty much have to put sauce on it and eat it as soon as you make it--it doesn't sit well in the fridge because it starts to get crunchy again. 




 If it helps, the book is called "How to Make Friends and Influence People." Which obviously this person is doing really well. 



















 I almost totally agree with this, but for "beautiful" it's not always just aesthetic admiration; it's usually just general admiration. Like if I tell someone they're a beautiful person, it just means that I think highly of them--like I admire their talent or their personality. It's not necessarily a love-related thing, either. I could refer to a male friend as beautiful if I think that he's just a generally awesome person, or I could refer to my SO as beautiful, and it would mean the same thing both times. 




 My boyfriend has the same picture beside his bed! When I saw that I knew things would work out between us. Haha 




 Are you thinking of Olive Oyl? 




 I need to know how you explained that to your mom. 




 Oh my god, the 5th movie was the most disappointing thing I've ever seen. Haha. I physically cannot comprehend how anyone would prefer the movie to the book in that case. 




 This happens to me all the time, usually when I'm going through a period of a lot of change in my life or if I'm not getting enough sleep. It's extremely disturbing because my eyes will be open and I see the room I'm sleeping in, but I will also still sort of be dreaming and I'll see (hallucinate) people in the room with me. I try to move or talk to them or just to wake myself up, but I can't. I literally feel trapped inside my own body and I'm dreaming WITH MY EYES OPEN that things are happening all around my body while I can't move. It's scary as shit and messes me up for the full day after it happens. 




 This is so so awesome but mostly I just came here to say that I'm so happy I'm not the only person in the world whose favorite HP book is Order of the Phoenix! All my friends look at me like I'm insane when I tell them it's my favorite 









 This is my life right now. 









 Yes, totally. A lot of people on tumblr claimed it was like a safe space for people with anxiety or depression, but then would reblog or contribute to negative posts (you know, the type where someone would say something dumb in passing and then another person got a hold of it, made fun of it, and then it got thousands of notes). It made me feel like any little thing I casually said could have been turned around on me. I had a tumblr for a really long time and loved it, but then it just turned into a huge source of stress for me. So I deleted 5 years' worth of posts just because I couldn't take it anymore. 




 /r/ofcoursethatsathing  




 11 or 12. I used to walk to all my friends' houses in my small town during the summer, and one summer men started honking at me or staring as they passed on the road. It was always really creepy to see men in minivans with their kids in the backseat staring, knowing I was not too far off in age from their kids. 









