 You have awesome eyebrows! 




 Aren't you edgy. It's already been said multiple times. 




 What's unhealthy about bluetooth? 




 I don't think anyone thinks soda is harmless or healthy. 




 Nutella is spreadable crack. So good! 




 But it tastes so good with PB J! 




 I can't wait til self driving cars are as common as Fords. 




 Especially after that "What's the nastiest thing you and your SO do together?" thread.  




 Same here. I would never avoid getting Tdap or something like that. But when the seasonal flu vaccine rolls around I'm always a little hesitant. 




 Try looking up bisphenyl-A, a common additive in some plastics. 




 My university sells kale, spinach, and mango smoothies. Sounds nasty but it's really quite delicious has fiber and whatnot. 




 I seriously agree with the psychologically addictive part. I started drinking soda in my college cafeteria just because it was there at dinner. I began craving it on a regular basis after a couple days, even the kinds that didn't taste that great.  




 Sounds like a delicious recipe for an omelette. 




 Agreed. Learning about the development of antibiotic-resistant bacteria in my microbiology class freaked me out a little.

A good side note is, if you actually need the antibiotics, take the whole prescription. Don't stop when you start feeling better. The leftover bacteria will contribute to growing resistance. 




 As punishment force them to repackage the monitors in the awful styrofoam and plastic, and put back in the box correctly. 




 Ok thanks! Off to purchase a straight bar. 




 What time do you generally go to bed? 




 Bench, squat, dead and variations of those

Wait so you're saying I cannot do those exercises with an EZ curl barbell? Just making sure. Why not? 




 I'm a total newb to fitness so I have 3 stupid questions:

1. Any tips for doing a proper deadlift? I feel like I'm getting pains in my back for a reason.

2. Are there any exercises that you can't do with a EZ curl barbell that you normally can with a regular/straight barbell?

3. Whenever I use the inner thigh machine at the gym (squeezing thighs closed with about 40 lbs of weight) I get a very weird painful sensation in my groin, is that normal? I'm a girl if that helps. 




 I love your flair. Can hear the tune in my head. 




 Me too! I had no idea men had mammary glands. 




 I watched that so many times I'm currently ashamed of myself. 




 One of these things is not like the others. 




 What's morally wrong about it? I've never seen the logic in this perspective.  




 Hmm. But as a gay person when people call my inborn sexuality a sin, I think of all the other major sins: murder, theft, adultery etc. Have your sexuality be compared to grievous crimes and all around negative things kind of hurts. Not saying you're wrong, but it's just my two cents.  




 I thought "it" was the third-person singular? I'm not into linguistics though. 




 Do angels have a "gender"? Like were the angels in Sodom and Gomorrah male? 




 Lotion by itself and "skin care", without UVA/UVA blockers, does not protect against sunburn.

Source: Black and a biologist 




 My uncle (A black guy) went to Alaska on military duty and he got really "pale" for a black person but he didn't lose all this melanin. I think the difference is in brown people their melanocytes are genetically programmed to produce a base level of melanin, extra coloring is given as a result of sunlight stimulation. So he got paler because he lost the extra light stimulation but still had the base level of production.

Source: Hypothesizing of biology grad student 




 Its been said, towards middle of thread 




 Why would you be forced to shave it? Beards are awesome:) 




 Stores such as Circuit City, Sam Goody's, etc that catered to electronics and music 




 I wish this was acceptable in the US. It would be a great way to get around campus. All I see are longboards. 




 That godawful dial-up noise should be used in government torture tactics 




 That hot grease son 




 Hope you don't mind if I borrow this for the heavy-footed bitch above me, gave me quite a chuckle. 




 What if he wore it in a man-bun? Is that more acceptable for your tax preparation needs. 




 I'm available for $12 an hour. PM your itinerary.  




 Hmm I don't know. Food is required so your cells can produce power, proteins etc so you don't die. Sex isn't really necessary for individual survival. Sex and dating can be nice but also come with a shitload of potential consequences. But as a horny motherfucker, I do see your point. 




 Time travel, whilst retaining previous knowledge 




 That there is some predestined soul mate out there waiting to bump into them. 




 Best: Milk shake or Vanilla Frosty

Worst: Hummus would probably be pretty gross 




 Plus you can get 50% off with a .edu email 




 What about yourself makes you think you're a bad person? I feel this way sometimes too. 




 Was being left-handed a big deal back then? 




 What the hell is going on in that second gif? I need context! 




 He would probably break a leg or two at this point 




 Ok, I'm in the Midwest and got $33 for a 6 hour day. Lunch money!  




 I love the enhanced sensation that I get from weed. Everything feels awesome, I almost came from rubbing my toes together. 




 Polyjuice potion? 




 I thought detasseling would be a great way to make money as a teenager. The money was not worth the sun burn in 90 degree weather, bug bitches, and general discomfort of standing in a field. Longest, most relieving shower I've taken in years. 




 Throw some cheese on that bitch! But no longer healthy. 




 Tell that to someone with vaginismus or other issues. 




 At least they pay you (in my state anyway). 




 Honestly, what's "tumblry" about it? I don't see anything extreme here. Typical college life awareness issues. 




 Microaggressions are subtle ways people use prejudiced/racist speech or stereotyping someone unfairly.

Source: have been involved in social justice research 




 Yeah I have to remind myself not to do this anymore. Even though whole shells taste delicious blood pouring out of my butthole isn't pleasant  




 steriotyping

Are you making fun of the South by misspelling "stereotyping"? 




 As a fellow video game lover, a million upvotes for this analogy!  




 That's a really good your doing. I feel like STD risk is downplayed with lesbians. I don't I've ever had a serious convo with my friends about it, let alone a date.  




 I feel the same way, but people still put alot of stock into purity and virginity for some reason  




 The rare act of outerlingus 




 ... Some people don't wanna potentially be someone's first or they want a partner with a lot of sexual experience.  




 Haha I'm stealing this. 




 Don't think of the children. 




 That kid would have got punched in the face. 




 Siblings in a nutshell. How dare you make my near death experience about you! 




 *LESBIANISM INTENSIFIES*  




 I'm asking for....science of course. But really I'm curious if people have negative perceptions of virgins, especially those in their early or mid-twenties.  




 ...You're taking my comment a little too seriously 




 Well he can't stay at home...

Not since the aaccident. 




 Good point. 




 Noice, I appreciate your reply! I've never seen a good example of the arachnoid mater before. I was guessing it wasn't the dura mater because it's described as pretty dense connective tissue. 




 Wow, I used to play that Krabby Patties game obsessively as a kid. I would love to play again just for the nostalgia. 




 So many good (and naughty) games. 




 *Raises hand* 




 What's your IQ? 




 I'm black and I had nothing to do with those retards in Missouri. No fucking way. 




 Just a thought about savings, not exactly correlated to race: if you work a crap job where you barely pull in enough to cover necessities, you're probably not going to have anything to put into savings. For example, I'm a college student who can only find part-jobs that work with my school schedule, most of those pay little. I can put some away, but if my tire blows or I have a health emergency, well I have to pull from saving and I'm back to square one.

And flashy items like what? I know black people who live in poor neighborhoods of big cities, and one guy had never seen an Ipod before and most didn't have internet access outside of a library. Shitty old cars and cheap furniture. I'm black btw, middle class. I'm not saying you're perspective isn't valid but I've seen otherwise. 




 Glad to find someone else who thinks this way. I feel like we we're a rare breed and people feel like you're an oppressor for knowing who you are or what's normal for you. 




 What do you have against headphones? 




 If you use different products and eat different food, it's not all that shocking that different cultures have different smells.  




 Welp I'm all 3 (humanist though) 




 What do you like best about Houston? I'm about to graduate and Houston's on my list o potential relocations.
 




 Wouldn't that be the dura or pia mater showing? 




 Health! 




 Queers 




 Khalmydia comes free with the koalas! 




 Willy is that you? 




 What about Camden, NJ? 




 Aw you seem nice. That will change the longer you're on this site 




 The world is still filled with bags of junk. It's not like garbage man launch trash into space. 




 Colombia 




 Are you Colombian? 




 Started from the bottom, now you here! 




 I've only noticed them taking money orders, checks, and cash. Auto withdrawal would be nice.  




 Yup same here. Checks are the best way to pay rent. They charge us a percentage to use credit cards.  




 Everything happens for a reason. Be patient and you'll see.

Nothing pisses me off more than belittling my situation by telling me to wait for 5 years to see the good come out of my suffering. What good is coming out of having a chronic health condition?! 




 Don't tell me what to do buddy! 




 What's a "work husband"? 




 Exactly what happened to me! I got asked about my relationship status within the first five minutes at this new job. I was not ready to out myself at that point. Nooope riding solo *awkward silence* 




 Wow, that's terrible, I'm so sorry. Did your supervisors say out right that that's why they fired you? 




 I don't know why, but it bothers me so much when someone calls it a "lifestyle". Like gee, I go to school, travel, date and worry about my future, what an alternative lifestyle I lead! 




 Yes, I'm getting tired of feeling that way as well, especially being careful of the pronouns I use when talking about exes or the date I just went on. It's much easier to be yourself. 




