 Round 7 208 kills gt: xSU1CiD3 D1N0x hope to try again to do better :) fun challenge! 




 I honestly think it's a cool little addition to the map, but I hate the gun itself. Also, I really like the facts you put in these posts 




 I'll for sure be on then. Sounds good. My gt is xsuicide dinox  




 Will do. It'll be in about two hours. 




 I wouldn't mind giving it a try with you! I've completed the easter egg about six times, know all the steps and every part for everything on the map. If you want, I'm down! Iet me know and I'll message you on Xbox :) 









 Out on a date, agreed :) 




 Anyone know what hhh's lapel pin is? 




 Hey everyone :) hope it's a good show! 




 Yeah but then the entire crowd shouting bingo at the same time would be pretty funny... 




 I did not have the proper type, I only had one that would cover me if I was at fault. If someone else is, I have to rely on their insurance to pay for damage to my car. But they didnt leave a note. So I'm Sol :/ 




 Hey thanks man, I pm'd it to you 




 Hey thanks man, I pm'd it to you 




 I'm sorry :/ i know your feeling, haha. I dont know how patient I'd be if I found who did it :( 




 I will do that. Thank you. 




 I appreciate you answering. Man it sucks so much. I put a lot of effort into this car. I doubt there's cameras on this lot, it's really far in the back :( 




 Okay. Thank you. I'm just kind of freaking out :( I worked so hard on this car 




 My car was in a high school parking lot and got hit really bad during school hours. It crushed the front right side of the car. My insurance won't help. Does anyone know if there's anything I can do? :( 




 What 




 Hope it works for you man :) 




 That's insane, very cool. 




 Love it :) 




 Yikes.  




 That's sirens commercial was fucking hilarious. 




 Paranoid - they drape my weary cries, exclamations of an educated mind, in exquisite explanations, intent on restricting my elementary observations. I lash at their less than subtle attempts at relaying these lies, tarnishing their own word, with each expression of good enduring. They put me in the well, a wash of white flashing as my mind thrashes through their poison. They tell me I am not, for the world, to be trusted; that I should game my already-adaptive intellect by associating with their filthy dances. They are all around me; again, I cry, they will not stop speaking. I see them fly, they can see my every move, here my thoughts! I must retreat, my thought has fallen, swooping around me, they invade; what do they want from me? I cannot traverse my head without encountering their trespass! "Oh God," I exclaim, and refuse to yield. They will find my corpse before they control that which I hold. 




 Love the blizzard krait! 




 Nacht der Untoten

Fluffy

He touched the MPD

Stamina Up

PhD Flopper

Juggernog

Verruckt and Nacht dear Untoten

Lullaby for a dead man

Normal materials and powered by element 115

Thanks for the opportunity :) have a great week 









 I like these threads, I'll be back later to comment further! Keep trucking :) 




 Just picked up a krait, love it! :) 




 Thanks man 




 Hey, I work there :)  




 Mobile - save for later 




 Indeed, I should see if I can find some chains, if not I'll pick some up at a hardware store! 




 Dude... That autism thing... Fuck that guy 




 Man I noticed that, about the chains, but I was hopeful it was just me 









 "Yeah. Yeah I guess you're right." 




 no, could you explain any more than wikipedia does? 




 I'm not very good with words, but... I'm in your corner. 




 Sucks man, but things will get better! 




