 And this is how you get a campus shooting guys :/ 




 Pre-orders on Google Play are billed at time of pre-order and are available to download the moment they are released. A Free Pre-order is no different than a Free Album in the store other than the wait time. 









 Just that video has over 55,151,922 views,. At a 1:39 length that is a whopping 5,460,040,278 minutes, or 91,000,671.3 hours or 3,791,694.637 days, or 10,388.204485 years of this guy jamming out to Numa Numa. 




 I could never beat the Driver you have to race before the heist in GTA: Vice City.  




 Considering your account seems like throwaway anyways...what does it matter? 




 Doesn't this also mean that 9th Dawn will be getting the Graphics Update as well? 




 Deer God and Exile are both decent games with a lot of potential. Aralon and Ravensword are both excellent RPGs that can consume a good amount of time, but have been in previous bundles. Mines of Mars is a pretty fun game and is along the lines of Terreria. Pocket RPG and 8bit Cowboy are also decent. Those are only ones I've tried so far. So 7 entertaining games for $8 is a steal. 




 1, 2, and 3 are part of a trilogy with 3 being a prequel to the first two. Most don't like 1 nowadays, simply because it is very linear and basic. 2 is not as linear and introduced the party system. 3 has an excellent class system and is the strongest of the first three. 4 and 8 are both solid titles as well. 

Honestly I would start with 3 and if you want to learn more of that particular storyline 1 and then 2. I'm personally waiting for DQ7 to be ported. 




 Any know if they kept the leveling bug in it? 




 One thing I didn't see is that the Cinemark West Plano was that they were one of only a handful of cinemas across the nation to have the Barco Escape for The Maze Runner. Not sure if it a regular thing or not, but at least is note worthy. 




 Someone with a dated PC. 




 At a local half-price books they had to seperate the Religion and Occult/Paranormal Studies into seperate aisles. Apparently someone got upset that they were so close together. 




 Recording on Tivo counts as a view right?

Usually I am off work Friday Nights and have been watching every New Episode live, but this week I habe to recors it. 




 I have really enjoyed the Secret Origins series so far. Each issue has a retelling of 3 different Character's origins.  




 Future's End #0 was this year's Free Comic Book Day issue and I believe is still free digitally if you want to get the premise of Future's End 




 I'd tend to agree with keeping the series' format uniform, however if you think you will ever resell, hardcover is the way to go. Hush tends to be on sale digitally quite frequently, if you ever go that route that is. 




 Very heavy on the hints toward the Court of Owls. 

"So deep in the maze, you can't see over the walls."

Wouldn't mind seeing the next season skip ahead a year or two, but highly unlikely. 




 Moved a little fast, but I enjoyed it. 




 I liked it (´･_･`) 




 Would love to see a Constantine Secret Origins story by this artist. 




 New 52 Hawkman in an Absolute Edition encompassing Vol. 1 and 2. 




 Is it just me or is the storey telling getting better as more issues come out? 




 "Haters gonna hate and Ain't-ers gonna Ain't." 




 Get a Google Wallet account. That should be enough i think 




 I thought DC published the Godzilla Awakening Grapich Novel for the newest movie. 




 We should be add some Pro-Sihkism in there somewhere. 




 Well there is Google Wallet, but I believe that is only US. 




 Lasers on your legs? 




 Doing inventory at work, the lockscreen calculator helped a lot. 




 And not a single comment here has the Zippo picture. . . 




 My friend and I just bought new belt buckles at a Mall Kiosk. He decides to sit down right at the nearest bench and change it out. It just happened to be right in front of a Victoria's Secret. He was very oblivious and I saw a cop or two looking at him from the second floor of the mall while talking on their radio. Chuckles were had. 




 Because number 180+ is the front page. 




 I, Vampire and All Star Western were/are both great. 




 Justice League ~~Canada~~ United. I would replaced Equinox with Static. 




 Internet Provider not protocol. 




 You said kill myself, presumably because I said I only use my phone as my browser. My rebuttal was that there is no point in upgrading to a PC if my IP is Shit. 




 There's no point in getting a PC , if the highest speed I get is 1.5mbps. 




 JLD and Savage Hawkman were my first comics. Bought during last winter's Google Play sales. Always liked Hawkman from the cartoons and have always been a sucker for anything about Magic. 




 But my only browser is my phone. . . 




 She lost me after ducks. 




 You 8 the b8 




 I stopped at a gas station in the middle ofTexas off the Pickle Parkway toll road during a 9 hour road trip in middle of night. I bought a monster energy drink. The gas station clerk said don't open that in our parking lot and grow horns now. . . 




 Can confirm. First female I was with had Keira Knightley sized boobs, and I have larger moobs. 




 Find me a passage where Squirtle is a better choice than Charmander. 




 Shoot I still have posters that day Coming in September. Was so disappointed it never came out. 




 There are some Hellraiser comics in the Humble Book Bundle currently. In addition there is a Current run called Hellraiser: Bestiary. 




 Turns out I'm mostly Green with a side of Democrat. Here's to getting someone that represents me in my lifetime. 




 In the 8months since I upgraded phones I have gotten 10.83$ in rewards from 43 surveys, with 7 giving 0$ and 3 months where I only got two surveys. Only broken the 50¢ barrier 4 times (60¢, 66¢ and 2x 1$). I dont have the stats from before I upgraded for who knows what reason, which is weird considering it is going into the same account. 




  When is ~~television~~ America going to grow the fuck up?

FTFY
 




 Well the Annotated Sandman vol. 3 recently came out, so you could get the penultimate set for just ~70$ 

I suggest Sword of Scorcery Vol. 1: Amethyst, it is New52, but is fully contained in just this trade and was an excellent read. I really enjoyed All Star Western and coming up this next week or two I believe Animal Man's final trade (vol 5) comes out, so you could get the whole run in one go and have one free book to spare.

Batman Earth One was a really good read, along with Black Mirror and Noel.

For Vertigo, I really liked Spaceman by Brian Azzarello and the Deluxe edition has a nice hardcover on it. The Death Deluxe trade is also a nice collection about that particular Endless member. 100 Bullets just got Book One released (kinda like multiple trades in one).

Of course, if you can afford it, I'd go for the various Event Omnibuses that are out there.

All in all, make sure you compare final costs to other discount sites like instocktrades, since occassionally the other sites will still be cheaper. 

I personally been needing to get caught up on GLs and the Flash and this sale is gonna help me out 




 23 and had to call in once and had to go in for the second time. Actually got chosen and had to come back about 3 times. 




 implying someone would post their own email in a screenshot to a raid post 




 I'm sure someone on 4chan has done this. 




 Play Books has some comics for 2-3$ each currently. Notably Vampire Hunter D, Buffy Season Eight, Hellboy 




 I thought they said Constantine wasn't gonna smoke at all in the series. . . 




 Deus Deus Deus

Really? 




 The sushi bar I go to has a tip jar for the chef. I always try to tip the chef the same if not more than waiter. 




 But who is filming the Cameramen?! 




 Barely. Shitty law is shit. Voter ID laws shouldn't be so strict. He was clearly the man on the voter card. 




 The man had all sorts of ID, just not the "correct" type of ID. He more than proved who he said he was. 




 If we are lucky there will be a Marathon at the theatre. 




 He can do a dozen bad movies in a row and I will still go see anything in theatres with him. Just got mad respect/admiration for the man. Him and Shia Labeouf. 




 Got Scheduled to work during the Constantine Premiere so cant wait to get home to watch the recording.

Finally got Forever Evil#5 so going through that event now.

I desparetly need to cut down my pull list at my LCS. Spending about $100 every two weeks depending on what comes out just on single issues. Most of it is DC, but have various independents getting pulled, including Two Clive Barker's, a couple Image, and various Marvel, mostly like everything Spiderman, Hulk, and Xmen single character issues (Cyclops, Nightcrawler, etc. ..). Just cutting down what I want to keep reading is difficult.  




 One could only hope.  




 Are we just going to pretend the Lion King level didn't exist? 




 I have like 3-4 of those monster rancher sets opened. I could only find them at KB Toys. 




 Totally clicked it with no incognito on my phone. 




 It sounds like it is almost a retelling. 




 I might have to save up for that Lost Cut. Just read up on it and looks very interesting. 




 Anyone keeping up with Hellraiser: Bestiary or Nightbreed? Nightbreed feels like a Mature version of Inhuman and I like it. Also in the issue two of Bestiary, I thought the story with the cube opening being streamed online was a fun little short. 




 I found the first two episodes of Scorpion pretty cheesy with their Nerd Tropes and what not, but it is turning out decent. 




 If anything make sure to get shipping insurance I guess. 




 What you described is shutting down everything. 




 So we should have pulled a Madagascar and shut down everything? Rrrriiiiiggghhhttt....I think you're the one smoking something. 




 Catholicism doesn't deny any science at all. . . 




 I was thinking Gosling as Deadshot and Smith as Black Manta.  




 ~$60 every two weeks. 




 What if Suicide Squad is them hunting down the would be prisoner's? 




 Keep an eye on Google Play Books. They occassionally have very good deals for Digital Editions. The other month I got the Walking Dead Compendiums for a little over $10 combined. At 1000 pages each that is a steal. The Big Publishers usually have good sales around the holidays. 




 Too bad I don't get paid until thursday :/ 




 Not to mention .compact still sees the downvote arrows. 




 That and English adaptions of foreign films. 




 Sounds like a nice retreat. 




 In the gameboard mini game sometimes it would glitch and give you a massive amount of lvl ups with whatever character you were using. 




 Here is to hopeing they keep the leveling bug in DQ3. 




 I think the sugar would cause you to salivate too much to be effective, but who knows it might work. 




 Why couldn't they go the route of Sandman Overture and done the normal comic then a little while later a Special Edition with all those extras? 




 I mean were you just board hopping by typing in random names or something? 




 Well, A.Dd+ has been compared to Outkast before by newspapers. 




 Looking for similar songs to Never by The Roots. 




 I have a fleeting suspicion that post no. 2 was you OP. 




 Yea only reason to start smoking is to talk to that cute girl during smoke breaks at work that you otherwise wouldn't see around. 




 And for mobile? 




 I don't see any problem with it considering they didn't cost any more than marvel books. 




 Ok how did it choose scissors? 




 I wasn't talking about their headphones one bit . 




 Wasn't big boi going to do some more collabs with Little Dragon or Phantogram? 




 I don't care about beats one way or another. Boomsound is just a good an application as Beats Audio. I just thought it was an interesting parallel/coincidence/whatever. It was just one phone generation back that HTC had a partnership with them. 




 Funny thing about what you said is Beats got bought out by Apple and HTC used to have Beats Audio features in their phones. 




 It's all about that quarter game. 




 Sorry about that. Thought I had pulled the one straight off the Google Search Engine. 









