 My parents split up while they were dating then got back together.

Now they've been married for 25 years. 




 I'm only 26 and medical costs are already too much. 




 He threw her out because she cheated and stole $7K from him.

Yeah...I don't think it applies here. 




 My first thought is, "I fucking hate working." 




 I've done this, and I have never cheated on my boyfriend.

Sometimes I like to dress sexy just for me. 




 The Jurassic World mosasaur doesn't look to be as big as the Leviathans. 

http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20150619202219/jurassicpark/images/6/6c/Jurassic_world_mosasaur_underwater_viewing_by_sonichedgehog2-d8qh42j.jpg

True mosasaurs weren't anywhere near that big though. This one is the largest specimen we have:

http://www.discoverfossils.com/images/brucebanana.jpg 




 I'm pretty sure squid have never attacked sailing ships. For one, squid are deep sea creatures. They almost never come up to the surface. Another, their tentacles are much too heavy to lift out of the water. 




 I've had it as my background for months. But mine includes the captioning. I like horror and comedy! 




 In the Heart of the Sea. The true story that inspired Moby Dick. 




 I wasn't expecting to see my current screen background on Reddit today. 




 Its instance of use was stupid, but it still holds true generally. 




 What exactly is make-up shaming? 




 Does this person understand that condoms are for women as well? 




 If there are no other supernatural entities in the movie, who lets Jack out of the pantry? 




 Owning a gun isn't a basic human right. 

The idea of basic human rights came around during the Enlightenment era, and that they were endowed upon humanity by their creator. That's freedom of speech, religion, etc. I can't think of any enlightenment philosopher that mentioned guns.

You can accurately say owning a gun is a constitutional right, but that doesn't make it a natural right or a basic human right.

Also, banning some guns in some circumstances isn't infringing on the 2nd amendment. If it were, making it illegal to yell "FIRE!" is a crowded theater for fun would be a violation of the 1st amendment and freedom of speech. 




 No, he wasn't.

Nazis called themselves a socialist party because at the time you had to be considered a (Democratic) socialist to even be on the radar for many people.  




 Democratic socialism =/= communism. 




 Yes, I remember our socialism classes between gym and math. 




 I have heard the 7-13 week ultrasounds are most reliable for dating, so it's probably a mixture of size and detail that tells them. 




 Ah, had no idea how ultrasounds knew how far along a fetus was. I thought it was just size.

I did know about the due date, though. It's basically just 40 weeks after your last period started or 38 weeks after conception. Doesn't mean the baby will go all 40 weeks or won't take longer. 




 My boyfriend dirties the place up and then complains because the place is dirty.

Seriously, most of it is him. When I cook, I do the dishes that night. My trash goes into the can the next time I stand up. Him? Dishes sit around for days. His side of the bed looks like a landfill. 




 I do garbage. My boyfriend does laundry. 




 I don't fold anything. Anything that has to be wrinkle free goes in the closet. 




 Yep. Every piss gets wiped. And don't even get me started on shark week. 




 My boyfriend used to have longer hair than me. The hair that was everywhere was his! 




 Not necessarily. The t-rex should have run out of food long before anyone went in to rebuild another park. They probably trapped it somewhere and fed it. 




 I'm thinking this was someone inside. 




 So spend it on things even the military says they don't need instead of things to help citizens? 

Better to waste it than help someone! 




 It's 20% of the entire budget (more than the next 7 countries combined), and you were talking taxes. 




 I think they're actors being paid to say lines. 




  If freedom is allowing people to go bankrupt over healthcare costs, end up homeless easily and have a shitty education or social welfare system

Brings a tear to this American's eye!

Not really. Our idea of freedom is horrible. 




 At least they get good services for their tax dollars.

We get...military spending. 




 Are ultrasounds in the 1st trimester possibly off a week because it's only based off of the average size of what fetuses the same age tend to be? And fetuses that age grow at around the same amount during that time, thus the short margin of error?

Another question I thought of. 




 I enjoy an offensive joke as much as the next person, but the idea that one community is responsible for the jokes make about them is pretty dumb. 




 Don't you know it's about southern pride, not racism?

Yeah, nevermind the fact that it's a battle flag designed to incite troops fighting for slavery, that doesn't matter! 




 Maybe I'm not being clear. I apologize.

Ultrasounds can tell how old a fetus is, right? So if an ultrasound says a fetus is 8 weeks old for instance, the pregnancy is really 10 weeks along since it's measured by mother's LMP, not conception.

But what if a woman hasn't had a period for two months before discovering she was pregnant? Would they just estimate the pregnancy is about 10 weeks along if her fetus measures 8 weeks old? 




 But that tells you how old the fetus is, not how far along in the pregnancy you are, since you're considered pregnant 2 weeks before conception. As I said, depending on how long implantation took, it can be up to 2 weeks off.

I am actually not pregnant, but I know someone who is and this stuff become fascinating to me. 




 How do they take implantation into account? That can take place 6-12 days after conception. So what do they do if LMP is useless in this case? It could be nearly 2 weeks off if implantation isn't considered. How far along would they tell a woman she is? Would they just take the age of the fetus from an ultrasound and add 2 weeks?

Sorry about deleting the last post, but I noticed an error. 




 *yawn*

Obvious troll. 




  All embyos are female by default, then the males develop into males only if the Y-chromosome is present. The gonads all start inside the embryo and descend to become balls if the fetus is male.

Not true. All embryos start out undifferentiated by default. They're still male or female, but there's no physical difference yet. They form the same body parts early on that later sexual organs will stem from. At some point during development, the Y chromosome switches on the SRY gene, which induces the formation male parts. If there is no Y chromosome or SRY gene, it continues development and forms female parts. 

No male fetus or embryo is ever female. 




 Where can I get a job at this company? Paid to stand around? Hell yes! 




 Depends. 

Is it often re-accuring? Yes, you should always tell your partners.

Can it be cured and is considered gone? I'd say no, unless the infection happened recently. 




 People with terminal illnesses often can't feel better. Medicine can only do so much. Not to mention the medicine they give for pain often makes you very, very sick. Terminal patients are already very, very sick and this would make them feel worse.

if you asked your small 8 year old cousin if they wanted to die while they were in the midst of some sort of extremely painful experience they have no way to make a reasoned decision.

My hypothetical 8-year-old cousin isn't terminally ill and likely to die a slow and agonizing death within the next few months. That's the difference. The terminally ill *will* die and in extreme pain. You just want to draw it out and don't care that they're suffering needlessly because you think a miracle might occur.

I don't understand how you don't see that

I, as well as the Dutch Pediatric Association, understand that forcing a terminally ill child to continue an agonizing existence when they will certainly die soon anyway is cruel and inhumane. Even if you think a child cannot make a reasoned decision in this instance, the parents and the doctors can. 

As I said, what if someone made you continue to live in pain, not caring how much you're suffering, because they believed in the off chance a miracle could occur? That's what you want to do to these children. You're being flippant about their pain because you aren't the one suffering it. 




 But how many SJWs do you see in political office? We tend not to elect our crazies. 




 Because they're in agony and it's cruel to make someone exist in that torture when they've made it clear they wish to end their suffering and doctors agree it's hopeless.

Would you want someone to do that to you? To force you to continue existence in absolute agony? 




 Did you read the article? The child has to be assessed by a team of doctors and they have to agree that death is in the child's best interests. This isn't a suicide-on-demand situation. 




 The greater context here is that a man wants his testicles removed because he wants a 0% chance that he'll have a child he doesn't want.

Women's reproductive freedom isn't nearly as good as it should be, but as someone with a choice (as hard as it might be to obtain it) I feel I'm in a much better position than someone whose entire future depends on my choice. 




 Someone is only considered terminal if their death is likely to happen within the next 6 months. Doctors tend to be optimistic here, meaning it's far more likely you'll be told you have a chance when you don't instead of the other way around. Patients also tend to die sooner than doctors estimate. These people are so sick their bodies often begin to shut down long before doctors think they should. 

You're doing nothing but forcing people to suffer on the off-chance a miracle will occur.



 




 Absolutely, and I think that's terrible and only progress can fix it.

But the situation is still better for women than men. I'd rather have to go through a lot of trouble to get an abortion than my future completely rest on someone else's decision. 




 The child isn't making the choice by themselves. They have to be assessed by a team of doctors who have to consent, as well as the parents. 




 I picked this up today for $2. It has "Tootie 71" scratched into the bottom of it. It seems to be plaster. I'm assuming "Tootie" carved it in 1971. 

I was thinking it could be just a bust someone made for fun, but does anyone recognize the girl? Did Tootie base it off a real person? Or another sculpture? Any info you might be able to come up with would be great! 









 The terminal illness has already robbed them of all those opportunities. Right now all you're doing is denying them the chance of a dignified and painless death. 




 Most vegetables. I can eat green beans, carrots, cauliflower, radishes, and lettuce. Anything else tastes like shit. 




 the child has to say yes, you continue to ignore this. that is the point I am making, no child at the age of 9 is wise enough to decide whether to take their own life.

I am not ignoring it, I am saying I am okay with it because the child doesn't have the only say. The doctors know more about the disease a child might have than anyone else and know how much pain it might put someone in. That's why the Dutch Pediatric Association is backing it. They know exactly how much these kids are suffering. 

yes you should let them live instead of killing them based on how much pain they think they are in.

Which is one of the cruelest things you can do. You're okay with it because *you* aren't the one who has to suffer. The child is. What if you begged to die due to the extreme pain and sickness you felt and everyone refused and let you linger in agony?

 there is a chance of survival or pain reduction if they are still alive tomorrow, if they have been killed there is no chance of any of these possibly joyous and redemptive moments. a 9 year old cannot understand that, why I am saying they should not be able to say kill me. it very easily could be the worst pain of their life and they can't see an end, but a more wise and experienced person could realize their body might adjust and the pain becomes bearable or a new medicine could emerge making their final months/years very bearable, productive and joyful. a 9-year old just knows it hurts now and if being killed allows that to make the pain stop they might say yes without thinking about what that means or what it means to those they love, who will have to live with thinking "One more day and it might have gotten better" for the rest of their life

Very little chance. Especially for things like cancer and many genetic illnesses. There is a point where the body is so ravaged by disease that there's no going back, even if a miracle cure was found the next day. You're advocating letting kids spend their final moments in agony because of something that's extremely unlikely to happen. I've already showed you that doctors tend to be overly *optimistic* when it comes to determining if a patient is terminal and how long they have to live. They think a patient has a better chance of making it than they really do, not the other way around.

May as well spend your entire paycheck on the lottery with the mentality that basing your actions on something extremely unlikely is practical. Your stance is, "But a miracle might occur!"
 




 Prosthetics?  




  you don't seem to understand how normal birth control works, and you assume that any woman you could be in a relationship with would be an untrustworthy liar.

I actually completely understand the fear men have here. Women have an out: abortion. Which is a good thing. I am completely pro-choice. I think it should even be publicly funded. But men have no such out. One night of sex that results in a pregnancy could potentially ruins a man's life. 18+ years of child support right there if the woman chooses to have the child. If I were a man, I might consider suicide if that happened to me. 18+ years of a large portion of my paycheck gone just like that? Yeah, not doing it.

This situation is why I am so thankful to be female. Whether or not I ever have to pay for a child isn't nearly so up to chance.


 




 Well, many pro-choicers, both on Reddit and elsewhere, have told me that they are unwilling to deal with any risk of an unwanted offspring being born. Thus, I see absolutely no reason for me to be okay with any risk of this occurring. However, since I myself obviously don't have the option of abortion (and would never rely on any woman's word that she will get an abortion regardless of whatever promises she made to me beforehand) and consider the idea of abstaining from penis-in-vagina sex with all fertile and potentially fertile women to be both utterly unrealistic and utterly unacceptable, there is no other acceptable choice for me in regards to achieving this goal other than castration due to the fact that all non-drastic contraceptives and sterilizations have a failure rate.

I completely understand this. In fact, I am a proponent for "financial abortion" for men (with plenty of government support for women who choose to go on to have the kid of course. That should be available to anyone who has children and needs it).

Anyway, as I see it, it's none of my business. It's between you and your doctor. 




 Oooh, fun!

How do you feel about feminism?

It's fine if others identify as a feminist, but I find it unnecessary and consider myself an egalitarian.

If a stranger and your pet dog were drowning, which one would you save?

Dog. I'd feel bad for the stranger but my pets are family. It would be like letting my dad drown.

Who are you voting for in the next election?

Sanders. But since Hillary will probably get the nomination, Hillary. Better than the Republican option, I'm sure.

What do you think about Caitlyn Jenner? What about Chelsea Manning?

No opinion. Do whatever you want to your own body.

Are you an organ donor?

Yes.

What do you think about that girl at Colombia who was raped and carried her mattress around for the remaining duration of her education there?

That story is so weird I don't know who's telling the truth.

How did I do? 




 the child has to say yes, that is my point. no child can make that decision, they have no reference point or understanding of what death entails or what it can do to those surrounding them.

Which is why their parents have to be involved and they have to be assessed by doctors before euthanasia is allowed. You're acting like they're just killing kids who walk in and ask to be killed. The child isn't the only one who has to give consent. The parents and doctors do as well, and they *do* have the life experiences and knowledge to make that decision, especially the doctors who deal with terminally ill patients every day. The doctors know how bad off the children are when assessing them.

a bureaucracy should not allow small children to choose to kill themselves as small children do not have the life experience that allows them to make a decision on that. it's simply absurd

So just let them wallow in pain and agony until their terminal illness finally kills them even though a number of adults (many of whom care for patients and study terminal illness for a living) have to sign off on the euthanasia? *That* is absurd. 




  Because they just want to make trouble

Citation?

Looking at their website, they seem to be concerned with the fact that most suicides are men, that most victims of assault and homicide are men, that there aren't any male domestic abuse shelters, etc. 




 I'm all for a men's rights movement as a woman. 




 Terminally ill patients have recovered, but that's rare. In truth, doctors are more likely to overestimate how likely it is that someone will survive their illness and overestimate how long someone has to live.

http://www.nytimes.com/2007/03/06/health/06mbrody.html?pagewanted=print_r=0

And it isn't just the child making the decision. The parents have a say, as well as a team of doctors who assess the child.

the fact you think they can makes me wonder how many 9 year olds you have been around

Probably not as many as the Dutch Pediatrics Association, which says they should have the option. 




  The process by which they become this way is cruel

Isn't it just a birth defect? 




 Neither are minke whales, which make up the bulk of hunted whales. 




 Not every breed of whale is endangered. Minke whales make up the bulk of the breed hunted, and they aren't threatened at all. 




 The child would have to give consent before the euthanasia, though.  




 Should we just make you emperor of the world and let you make every personal and private decision for everyone? 




 They would all regret it, if they could.

You speak for dead people?

It's like bridge jumpers - every problem suddenly seems trivial, except the fact that you're falling of a bridge.

Many people attempt suicide multiple times before they finally succeed. Not everyone jumps and then wishes they didn't.

But we're talking about terminally ill children. Children who will die from their ailment. There's nothing that can be done for them. All they're asking is to skip the pain and suffering before the death.

They try to mask euthanasia in medications and psychology, but it's just as horrible to die from it as it is from a disease, it just comes sooner.

If that's how you feel, fine. Never choose anesthesia. But let others have that option.  




 We're talking about kids with terminal illnesses, meaning they're going to die. Period. Their disease will kill them.

They're just giving them the right to possibly choose to die earlier to skip the pain and suffering. 




 The child would have to give consent to be euthanized. 




 People over the age of 12 already have this right in the Netherlands. 




 The Netherlands has ratified the UN's human rights treaty that includes the rights of the child.

It isn't like the USA where children are considered to have almost no rights because they can't vote. 




 Because Nazis were all about ending suffering. 




  I don't see a lot of compassion in the medical practice when 24 year olds are being euthanized not because of terminal illness but depression.

I think people often have no idea how awful depression is. They think it's just being down in the dumps for a little bit. Think about how much people with depression are suffering that they choose death over living.

Also, depression often isn't temporary. It can be lifelong. I've had it for over 16 years and it isn't going anywhere or getting much better despite treatment. Look at the resent suicide of Robin Williams. He had depression for over 40 years. That never went away.

Depression can often be eternal and at some point, it's cruel to keep someone alive against their wishes. 




  But who decides what is a "terminal" illness?

People who have spent 10+ years studying the human body and medicine. 




 The 9-year-old understands the constant and terrible pain they're in.

These are *terminally* ill children. Meaning they will die from their sickness with certainty. 

They aren't asking to die with the possibility of 60 years of life ahead of them. They're asking to die to avoid days/weeks/months of agony that will end in death anyway. 




 These are children that are terminally ill (meaning they're going to die from their disease, end of story) and want to speed the process up because they're in unbearable pain.

If anyone, regardless of their age, is in such pain they're willing to die, that's very serious. 




 The Netherlands seems to disagree. 




 If they're terminally ill and in awful pain, it's probably pretty easy. 




 So, in other words, you're okay with keeping a child alive despite them being in pain and suffering 24/7. Even if they beg to be allowed to die because they can't stand the suffering anymore.

Besides, the Netherlands has ratified the UN's human rights treaty which includes The Rights of the Child. So unlike the USA, children in the Netherlands are recognized as having rights. 




 I agree here. 

Some might say a child is not equipped to make such a decision, but if they understand that death means they simply might not exist any more and will never see their family again but their pain is so great they still prefer death, I can't see keeping that from anyone, regardless of their age. 




 You're being downvoted because you have no idea what MBP is.

MBP is when a caretaker makes or keeps someone in their case sick to gain sympathy and attention. 

That's nothing like deciding when it's time to let go of your terminally ill and suffering child. 




 That's still nearly a third of your day, which is a lot.  




 This is why we need unions and Americans need to understand this. 




 Yeah, wanting to work 7 hours a day instead of 8 so you actually have time to enjoy your life is lazy. 




 Here here! 




 Sounds like a good way to lose your house. 




 No, it isn't. Doctors would have to be trying to get attention for it to be MBP. 




  There is a reason so many women died from pregnancy and child birth throughout human history.

Not to be nit-picky here, but young mothers isn't the reason for the high mortality rate in childbirth. It's lack of medicine. Also, young children having babies wasn't as prevalent as you would think. It certainly happened, but it was mostly among the elite. They married off their children as soon as possible. The age of marriage and parenthood for the common people was always higher. 




 I live in Ohio, and if I needed an abortion I'd be completely fucked. I'm on Medicaid because I am poor as hell, and Medicaid doesn't cover abortions.

And the $500-$1000 it would take to have one is quite out of my reach. 




  So why isn't the legal penalty for him to be raped? Maybe that would deter crimes like this more than a concrete vacation.

For most of history the punishment for crime has been brutal, but that never stopped anyone. Sierra Leone chops the limbs off theives but they have the highest rates of robbery in Africa. 




 I agree that the focus should be stopping rape, but the article is referring to the fact that the girl is pregnant because of it, and is being denied a possibly life-saving abortion. That's a problem in of itself and it does solve the problem of her being pregnant from being raped. 




 Suburbs of Columbus. 




 What is this subreddit for? I can't tell by browsing it. 




 Okay...that's terrifying. 




 I have little faith in Sanders getting the nomination. I expect Hillary to.

But I will take this time to enthusiastically support who I actually like, not just the lesser of two evils like Hillary. 




 The point is that if a Muslim had done this, they'd be called a terrorist all over the news.

A white guy wants to start a race war, and he isn't called a terrorist. 




 I don't know of anyone on the left as crazy as the people on the right. 




 Oddly enough, Jeb pissed my uncle off with the whole situation. My uncle is so anti-abortion he says the best gift a woman can give her child is to die for them in birth, stating he's against abortion even for life of the mother.

But my uncle considered this to be big government interference in a case that was already decided between husband and wife. 




 It's become popular to call anything a liberal does Marxist. 




 I'd want to know as soon as possible. 




 American here. I agree 100%. 




 Americans swear it's a mental health problem, not a gun problem but then fight universal healthcare that would help the mental illness problem. 




 Medical bills I couldn't pay ruined my credit to the point where no one will give me a credit card. 




 Oh yes, it does the same to women. 




 I'm on Lexapro. My clit is numb too. 




 I was 10 when I was put on Paxil.

My symptoms of depression were constant crying, worrying about people I loved dying, and thinking a lot about suicide. 




 I've been on antidepressants since I was 10. That's 16 years with no break.

I just remember how awful it was to be without them. They changed my life. I'm still doing pretty awful, but the pills help a lot. 




 Ohio, USA 




 I first heard my grandma tell this story. Apparently my aunt was about 4-5 years old, and came running from the garden, visibly frightened, and swore that she saw a little man come up from the ground in the garden. His skin was completely black (as in the color, not the race) and he wore a black suit along with a black top hat. 

He invited her to come down into the ground with him, but when he spoke she could see he had little black razors for teeth. At that point she ran away.

Now, grandma says she's sure my aunt saw something. She was too frightened to be making it up. My aunt says she vaguely remembers seeing something black in the garden, but puts the rest of it to shadows and an overactive imagination.

I'm not sure what to think of this. Anyone have any ideas of what it could have been? 




 I thought djinns were genies... 




  When sex is no longer fun and is about getting it over with.

But...I'm on antidepressants.

At least the rest of it doesn't apply to me. 




 Universal healthcare.

All the rich history. 




 At age 6, probably hanging out with my grandparents. 




 I have never seen anyone wearing that in public, and I hope I never do. 




 My sister does this, and wants the bottom of her shirt to cover her stomach. The problem is...she has huge boobs. I mean huge. So she keeps pulling her shirt down over her stomach and I swear one day her boobs will pop completely out. 




 Ugliest shoes in the world. 




 I don't hate specific clothes just for women, but in general I can't stand Crocs, flip flops, or pants that are stretchy on anyone. 




 Our economic mobility -meaning how easy it is to move out of the economic class you started in- is among the worst in the developed world.

http://www.decisionsonevidence.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/Economic-Mobility-Across-Developed-Countries.png 




  so why don't we just pay the same salary for all jobs

Whenever someone says something like this, that tells you you can ignore them because they have no idea what they're on about. 




 That's not what income equality is. Get off your rant about liberals and look into it.

Income inequality is when only the richest people ever see an increase in their income. CEOs and the like are making more and more of new money generated and the average person's income has stagnated. 




 I can't do that either, but not because of Pennywise. Because it just feels gross. 




 Don't care. I'd rather them be clean. 




 1) 'I hope I have enough money for rent this month'
2) 'I should start eating healthier'
3) 'Will I make this deadline?'
4) Global warming
5) 'Where are the bees going?'

TIL none of this is ever discussed on Reddit. 




 "Don't worry what everyone else is making."

Sounds like a good way to make sure no one notices when the rich get more and more of the wealth and it leaves the middle class and poor with less and less. It's getting worse year by year. 




