 Reignwolf was amazing, never heard of him before lolla last year (I was waiting for MK) but he's a truly amazing performer  




 Fall out boy is touring over the summer with Paramore, I think they're in Texas around the lolla dates, so I think it's unlikely, though id love to dream they'd be there  




 Panic would be amazing to see at Lolla. They've only gone once  




 I'm underage so it's a little difficult to get a supply of alcohol let alone enough to get drunk  




 Is it still asexual if I really really really feel sexual attraction though?  




 Thank you so much, could you explain what some of the sexual dysfunctions are? PM me or comment it doesn't matter  




 That is definitely something ill have to try? Do you suggest doing it myself or waiting until I'm with my SO 




 Very, very, VERY well  




 Not that I know of, the only think I could think of it accidentally watching someone give birth on a health channel when I was 4 or 5, I don't remember it, but my parents said I cried for weeks. I still never want to have babies  




 No, I guess it hasn't been such a relevant part of my life until now, im in my first sexual relationship so I guess the problem has never arose  




 I don't know one is fine and one makes me pass out  




 I have a therapist that I have been seeing for a few years now, (mainly for anxiety and depression) do you think she could be able to help? 




 Everyone I know uses some kind of drug. From coke to caffeine. I don't  know If it's a small town thing, but here drugs is an everyday occerance  




 Arctic Monkeys, their new album is brilliant  




 It is very much being afraid of something inside of me, I am not freaked out by my gf at all, but when I put a finger inside I get really nauseous. It's very weird and hard to understand.  




 Honestly, I never think I've gotten far enough in to be painful  




 I had to stop reading this AMA to masturbate  on pornhub. Thanks for the great AMA  




 From Michigan, it's sweeping high schools everywhere up here, it's hella crazy  




 Omg type of soup she was using. I imagine someone pours soup into their vagina!!!! But thank you, my girlfriend has mentioned that she has sensitive skin,  




 Omg type of soup she was using. I imagine someone pours soup into their vagina  




 She says it doesn't bother her but I can suggest it, maybe she'll like that better 




 i am shaved. it could just be irritation i havent really payed attention.  




 ive been taking lexapro for about4 months now and have noticed a little weight gain, but not a drastic weight gain. have you asked your doctor? 




 thank you so much for taking the time to write this out! i as of right now identify with the whole "Who the fuck cares" because i mean ive had a boy, ive had a girl, i guess ill see where i takes me! 




 I am 15 and know i have a long time to figure myself out. I am in no rush to identify myself sexually. Growing up i just assumed i was straight. i was attracted to boys and as i grew up and puberty hit, i definitely looked a boys a different way than girls. I've had two boyfriends and have had very fulfilling relationships with them. I had never really questioned my sexuality. As i entered high school i met a girl and we quickly became very close as friends. Throughout our relationship something has happened to where we have a FWB type thing going on. We make out with each other all the time and really have an emotional attachment to each other. I've been noticing how sexually interested i am in her as well as romantically which has been very confusing for me. This is the first girl i have looked this way and though we could get into all the details about our relationship and my confusion (she is also "straight") i just want to know if this is common in the bisexual world or if anything is possible. Thanks for the help! 




 FUCKING NOPE 









 So i am a recovering self harmer, i was really addicted to cutting when i was 13-14 and have been doing very well with recovery...so far, but, i have made a friend who i have become very close to in the past year who is currently self harming. I thought i was completely recovered but seeing her cuts talking to her about it is extremely triggering for me. i had a feeling she was cutting so i texted her and she said everything was fine. i asked her if she was lying and she said yes. i immediately went to the razor and cut again...for the first time in a year. I love her to death, she's my best friend...but i dont want to go back to self harm. what should i do? 




 reignwolf and The Drowners! 




 So funny  




 Shut up and have faith that some people Aren't creeps :)  




 The tri cities. Bay city to be specific.  




 if youre down to hang out with teens i dont have a problem! 




 Awesome! I'm 16 but would love to meet up! I'll make a new thread soon so we can have a group 




 We should all make flags. I'll post mine once it's finished  




 3 




 Lol supa creep 




 Gotcha, I'll remember  




 We should have a big meetup  




 How old are you?  




 girl 




 almost 16! 




 michigan! 




 yep! 




 awesome! how old are you? 




 a mix. The Cure it headlining this year, its alot of well known as well as obsucure bands 




 i'm super excited for alt-j and icona pop, but the big ones like Phoenix and Steve Aoki are going to incredible  




 awesome! you going all 3 days? 




 its a 3 day music festival in Chicago. its pretty amazing 




