 I've adopted a cat from a colleague who has never taken her to a vet before. Since I've had the cat, she's been begging to go outside so I bought her an RF collar and took her to the vet to get all her proper shots; Feline Leukaemia Virus and Rabies.

2 days later, the area of the injection site has become very sensitive and she's developed a small lump. I took her back to the vet, administered anti-inflammatories for the next 3 days and applied hot compressions. The swelling and the pain don't appear to be reduced.

The vet said the inflammation should disappear within a few days (and it has a 0.01% chance of being cancerous) and that I should bring her back in a week if the bump hasn't disappeared.

It's been 5 days now and everytime I google the problem, I get hits for Sarcoma. (I had a pet die from vaccine-related sarcoma  a few years ago and I really don't want to jump to conclusions).

Can anyone here offer me an explanation as to why my cat has developed this bump?

Thank you. 









 Reminds me of this product: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qb7DN3kpl2o](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qb7DN3kpl2o)

Id just buy the panties and the app and go about my day pretending to text people. 




 I personally take the bus myself, but I've heard that some students find free street parking close to Sasamat or Blanca, and hop on the 99/4/14/9 for a very short ride to campus.   




 :') 




 Yup. And what's even more interesting is that during the N. Hemisphere summer, the Earth is actually 3.2 million miles further from the sun than it is during the N. Hemisphere winter  




 Happy Summer Solstice!
 




 Probably, theoretically yes. But even in this sci-fi world, if it behaved anything like our planet, the equator will still receive a lot of solar radiation creating a low pressure zone with lots of precipitation because the hydrologic cycle would still exist, so whatever rain forests would be left, would probably be concentrated near the equator.  




 Wouldn't "Greenland" and the northern Canadian "lakes" would also be frozen and covered in ice, since theres no outlet? 




