 I've been meaning to post a "Why I don't think Fallout 4 will be released anytime soon" thing and this is kinda why. I would definitely love to see, at the very least, Fallout 1 bought by Bethesda and remodeled to be that open world adventure we've been waiting on. There would have to be alot added to the game but there could be a button to switch to top-down RTS view. 




 I am going an (in my own headcanon) Independent-NCR roleplay and I had the BoS upgrade him. I have energy weapons and a tendency to purposely drop into areas like Crashed Vertibird and destroy everything. Still need to do The Fort. 




 One mod: Unlimited Followers. 
I don't think the people that would follow you, no matter what game, would really stop following just cause theres one other person. They'd see them and think "Wow, he already has a good following. Maybe his cause truly is just." and BAM! another groupie on the road. *except ED-E and Rex/Dogmeat* 




 I actually am a "prohibitionist" on my current playthrough so I pretty well avoid bars and I won't pick up any of them. 




 Link to mod please? I would love to try it. 









 I was just thinking, cause I have seen so many titles, quotes, ingame jokes, that I thought we should have a collection post of all the flairs on the subreddit.

I will start with mine, being "There is always another enemy" which I found on the Midwest BoS wiki page and I really liked it cause it's true in the Lone Wanderer's case and The Courier's case. They both can help one side but there's gonna be someone that hates them a whole heck of a lot because of their choices, thus, creating another enemy.

So, post your flairs and why you chose them! GO! 




 SPOILER ALERT: The Detterent PC Mod

There was a Paldain in Storm City talking about how his whole squad got wiped out by one "really fucking big mutant" and I swear to god I sprinted to that area in hopes of a behemoth somehow and I was so disappointed when I shot down the Super Mutant leader he was talking about. So sad but I agree, Behemoths where the shit. 




 Okay, yeah alot of the mods I've seen deleted were copyright infringements.
 




 Did /u/obsidian_butterfly 's solution solve it? I kinda figure it was something to do with Project Brazil as well. Speaking of which, how is it? I just downloaded it and I'm probably starting soon. 









 When I'm on Xbox, *phft* It's no problem to sneak up and uppercut the Legendary with Greased Lightning. However, I had 100 sneak by level 20. It's still fun to kill them no matter how you do it though so I guess it's all one sport. 




 Um, hate to correct but it's Primm... *cough* anyways, yeah I went to the Strip for my dad's wedding and it was honestly one of the greatest experiences just because I felt like if I was able to walk around in armor, I'd be in the game. 




 I only trust Nexus. I had a firewall block on Moddb so I don't suggest much outside of the Nexus. What sucks however is they limit ALOT of stuff. There was, for a time, an ODST armor I was going to download but I had to go out of town for a week. Came back and it was deleted. They watch close too. 




 The Sink. 




 High PER of Leg. Deathclaw  Stealth Boys
A lot of the time Stealth Boys are made obsolete because of the fact that most Deathclaws have at least a 6 PER 




 I just absolutely hate the creepiness of Dead Money but I think I'm going to do it in that order. Even /u/Brigand01 suggested it so might as well try it that way:) Thanks guys!
 




 Yeah, but with the runthrough I am on right now, I don't sneak well:(
Plus, Killing deathclaws, especially Alpha's, Mothers, and the Legendary, just gives me this little bit of pride. 




 So I am getting near the end of my first PC run and trying to decide How I wana do the DLC this time. I believe the first time I did it on Xbox I went in the order of Honest Hearts, Lonesome Road, Old World Blues, and then Dead Money.

Either way, I'm not too excited for Dead Money. I'm thinking about switching to Lonesome Road, Old World Blues, Honest Hearts, and then Dead Money. I really enjoy alot of the stuff you get from HH but there alot of cool shit in LR too. 




 Bleed Me Dry I believe is the mission that requires you to gather eggs for Red Lucy. Deathclaws among them. 




 At Quarry Junction, whatever you get off the deathclaws(Hands and Eggs) can be sold for a fair price with an 50 barter. There is a little cave deep in with an LMG, I believe two clips, a mini nuke, and a few deathclaw eggs.(I have never found the Fat Man but I will be going back shortly to look for that.)

At the Deathclaw Promontory(Go to Blue Paradise Vacation Rentals, across the river, kill the few lakelurks, go North untill you see the red markers then go uphill and take them out) there is also a few more hands and eggs which make a fair profit, but more importantly, there is a suit of Remnants Power armor(w/o helmet), a full T-51b armor, a Multiplas plasma rifle, and a Tri-Beam Laser Rifle.

Honestly, this is probably cause I wasted charisma for 10 luck, I have little to no problem picking them off from a mid-range distance with my GRA Tri-Beam w/ all upgrades. I also only use Combat Armor Mk. 2 rather than the Power Armor. 




 Make a save now. Check the Fallout Wiki for all unique items you may or may not want. Save again after collecting all the items. Choose one path. Revert save. Choose the other. 




 Nevermind. I feel like the toaster in the Sink right about now.... I think it's cause I finally extracted the files. Pain in the ass. 




 Wow, just went to forum and read that NVSEVersion 2 is correct. Why don't my mods run properly though? New question! /u/Cyrus224
 




 lol Steam is the overly attached girlfriend. I went to control panel uninstall and it wasnt even an option. 




 Downloaded:
FNV
Arma(All of it + Day Z)

Installed:
FO1
FO2
FO Tactics 




 Wish me luck on what I'm about to do. I'm taking the games .exe folders out of Steam/steamapps/common and going to uninstall steam and run all the games without Steam. LETS HOPE FOR THE BEST. 




 I have the games I want downloaded but not downloaded, I have Skyrim, Amnesia, and I believe one other. Downloaded however, I have New Vegas, Arma 2, Arma 2 OA, and Day Z mod. The rest of my games are solo games or indies. 




 Wait, by entire steam folder do you mean (for me) C:/Program Files(x86)/Steam or C:/Program Files(x86)/Steam/steam ? And I wonder, could I just delete steam and it just run as if I downloaded it from a CD?
Also, I only have my C: drive. D: drive is for CD's and removables. 




 AND A SPECIAL FUCK YOU TO DEAD MONEY. Jeez I hate that DLC with an almighty fury. 




 I find that Fallout's DLC endings make me the happiest but with vanilla, by far the Yes Man(even though I absolutely hate his personality) and NCR have my two favorite and most justifiable endings. I am on my PC run and have just got to the point where I really have to choose my side and I was going to choose House but I forgot he makes you eradicate the Brotherhood. LOL nope. NCR it is. Already Idolized by them as is lol 




 Might as well give it a try. Throw me the instructions I guess. 




 I've run it several times without NVSE cause I just recently downloaded mods that need it. I will add the src in there and run as admin. I have Windows 7 and if worse comes to worst, I will try install steam elsewhere.
EDIT: Added src and I'm still getting NVSEVersion: 2 when I type ~getNVSEVersion. Also ran as administrator and got NVSEVersion 2 




 Hope [this](http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/Fallout:_New_Vegas_console_commands) helps. 




 The only unhealthy ingredient I see is water. 




 Love the barcode;D 




 Okay so this video is pretty much a recording of me as I download and (attempt to) install NVSE. If you know what I am doing wrong, PLEASE tell me.
EDIT: I accidentally open up Fallout 1 at about 2 min.
**EDIT**: IT HAS BEEN FIXED GUYS THANKS TO /u/Cyrus224 









 I believe, this may have already been said, Vault 11 eventually stopped sacrificing people and were allowed to come and go as they pleased. [Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Fallout/comments/1f86h3/all_vaults_that_succeeded_or_survived_spoilers/) are a few of the vaults that may have succeeded.
 




 Its funny cause Leg. Bloatfly has the most health but he is down in a few hits. Leg. Deathclaw you just have to avoid his hits. Nightstalker is just one swift sneak attack and he is done. The Cazador is the only big pain. 




 Where was Point Lookout set at? I always thought it was in the south-east. 




 *I see what you did there*. Well, I'd probably start as like a small town/Freeside walk around and give them a tour of the place but eventually be like an Old Ben escort. "Give them the real boyfriend experience." 




 OH MY GOD IM NOT THE ONLY ONE WITH THIS APP 




 In the words of 343 (who I know has nothing to do with Fallout), Gameplay trumps lore. Maybe your character is born with a resistance to small amounts of radiation. Maybe on FO4 they'll make a DLC where you go to NYC and the first thing your given is a super rad-suit. Interesting twist. 




 A chem dealer. Definitely. Easy money for easy people. Either that or an escort. 









 But I don't like YesMan:( He is so annoying
 




 That honestly how my character is. If she is over-tempted by want of something, she will get devious to get it. The NCR is slowly accepting me again. But those mercs deserved what was coming to them.

And I guess it's just cause I find Boone to be such a bad ass. He is honestly my #2 favorite companion of all the ones I have which is only topped by Mr. Peepers, my deathclaw. 




 Same difference *sarcasm* 




 Yeah, Fallout 3 made me hate Feral Ghouls and Super Mutants. There was something I did super early on in NV because I had just so much pent up rage about FO3 and I really wish I could remember what it was but I didn't realize the severity of my action lol.

Anyway, I don't know. I can't double cross the NCR with Boone in my party cause he will get his panties in a bunch and out of all my followers , he is scarier than the deathclaw. 




 So I just started up my first PC playthrough after 100%ing the gameplay on Xbox. This run so far is an energy weapons one. I'm only level 20 and not too far into the main questline but I'm at the point that I need to choose which line I want to go. 
I have House, who I have always liked considering the fact that he shielded his city and it's people. 
Then there is also the NCR, who for a while considered me to be one of their soldiers until I killed the merc group bugging Jacobstown.
I really can't decide and would love some feedback if anyone has any! 




 Broken link 




 lol woops. I suck at formatting stuff lol. yeah i guess imho the Midwest were probably my second favorite, first being the heart and core at the Citadel. One group I miss is the Outcast's. Their armor made me happy. Just the color and design. 




 haha. War never changes. 




 Yeah! A few plays were written, some knives stabbed into some guy, and of course, gyros were made! 




 I enjoy third for the occasional picture, and as a few others have said, when walking. First is really left for detail searching and aiming. 




 I for one am a jealous twat. 




