 I've met too many women who get offended when I use the term dude toward them even when I'm at an [11] 




 Oh you're good dude (please don't be offended if you're female) 




 That really is adorable. Deal with meth heads who will take refrigerators and copper wire and tools and scrap them for a fix. That is the bad end of the drug world  




 Ah I like the insight and removal from my depressive cycles. The last time I did acid I tried to eat something simple and puked it back up. I decided that unhealthy foods were the enemy and have dropped 20 lbs since that trip (about 2 months ago) 




 I've got a bit of understanding I guess from the fact that my brother loves his occasional meth, frequent spice, and even more frequent weed smoke. I prefer the psychedelics because it let's me go on an adventure within my own mind. He hates psychs because he can't function or do what he wants while he is on them. I guess it is a difference in wanting to control the effects 




 My first time being high I was baked for about 4 hours and just played Mario Kart the whole time. You will have a longer duration due to the fact that the receptors in your brain that are affected by THC have had zero training to deal with it 




 I have the luxury of having a light school and work schedule so I can take the day or 2 it takes to adjust my sleep cycle to complete sobriety.  




 I'm planning on getting my degree in Psychology then getting my MBA so I can move into HR management. Then I will be able to help find the good candidates who may otherwise fail drug tests and try to be understanding toward that to the fullest of my ability 




 Loving the vibes. What genre is it if I may ask? I haven't started up Spotify yet  




 I'm pro education and harm reduction. I try to help those around me. But if you put anything that you do on social media, then that is your dumb fault for doing so and all consequences are to be expected, unfortunately. Sorry if that came out a little crude 




 I didn't know which sub to put this in but I need some help. I'm trying to form a Playlist so I have good music to listen to while I roll (MDMA) 

I'm sorry if this isn't helpful, but I prefer most genres except for pop twang (that modern country "music" stuff) 

Starting artists include:
Beck
Run the Jewels
Gojira
Kanye West
Jay Z
Datsik 
Skrillex

Edit; I am listening to every suggestion that is posted and I'm enjoying most of them 




 Run the Jewels 2 




 I reuse almost any food container I get for storing other things. You just have to give it a good soak, wash, and rinse first 




 This is assuming all powers available and at max upgrades, all guns maxed out, the whole 9 yards.

Round 1: Is there anyone who can enter the simulated world and beat him, or is he like TOAA?   

Round 2: Outside the simulation and in powersuit.

I chose to not include a non powersuit, outside of simulation round because he is a regular human with guns otherwise.

Bonus: Would there be a tier change if followers were added?

Edit: Added in actual rounds and clarification 




 The fact that there is a sign means that someone has done this before 




 Straight up fight.   
Round 1: in character.    
Round 2: bloodlusted.     

If this is a stomp for either side, adjust accordingly. 




 It's still fucking ugly anyway and the dumb bitch didn't know how to set her brightness or saturation up properly before uploading said dress photo.  




 Not even an Ent? 




 Pokemon  




 I actually like most of the songs on this list.  




 Jokes on them: I actually like most of the songs on lists like these  




 My depression is usually brought on by either long term smoking or eating a bunch of junk. Because I can smoke out one night, and feel like crap the next day.  




 The last time I did shrooms, I sat around and laughed at most everything for about 5 hours. 




 I've been looking forward to this since I finished high school  ('12) and it's finally happening. If I don't find some friends to split the PPV cost with, I'll wind up going to the bar 




 Weed puts me in a depressive funk.    
LSD makes me appreciative of being alive,  despite the issues I've had while tripping.   
Shrooms chill me out.   
Cocaine makes me want to fight and be on edge.   
Opiates make me sleepy and about knock me out.  




 As another responder said, you might want to consider moving. Seriously,  I'd rather hear about someone getting help from marijuana than being funneled into Big Pharma, and stuck in  a loop of using overly addictive pain killers 




 Superman rips off S on outfir, reveals Bat.

Batman 10/10 




 Mewtwo mind controls someone to pray that he has the strength to defeat Giygas. Giygas is so weakened by this that he dies out, leaving Mewtwo free to psychic blast Porky to Hell. gg Earthbound  




 An f16 pilot is given his orders to bomb a new terror threat. However, the pilot gets lost on his way there, and blows up the octagon, killing both of them. 10/10 America. The pilot is also awarded the Medal of Honor for his valorous service and contribution to the well-being of the United States.

Bonus: Satan is now super Pissed since he has to deal with both Coulter and Grace in Hell and their voices and opinion delivery methods are far greater torture than anything he or Hell can conceive.  




 ARE YOU A FUCKING TRUCK? 




 This looks like something a friend of mine from high schools grandparents were doing. 




 Thank you for the database link mod 









 I donate to MAPS myself because they are an organization I would love to work with after school, and I believe in their cause. Also, as another responder pointed out,  everyone has their charity they believe in 




 People who play the victim when, in reality, they are the aggressor 




 Why is Comic Sans so hated?  




 Also, the NFL has Chandler Jones, the brother of UFC fighter Jon "Bones" Jones, who claims that he used to be able to beat his brother in fights 




 Depends on the toonforce in use while Spongebob and them get set  




 "Was that my left bicep? No! That was my aaaaabbbbdominals!!"

Terry Crews 10/10 




 Darkseid when he jobs 




 Japan with robots.  
U.S. with standard military force.    
Russia with Vladimir Putin 




 It was a Starbuzz Blueberry I think. On a Starbuzz hookah with a decent lotus. I got it to pack well, but I might have packed it where the coals got too hot 




 Pikachu and Snorlax. Biggie Smalls. There are so many names for them 




 Weston  is somewhat based in the real world, and Archer is super unrealistic about most details, so I'd give it Archer for that reason alone  




 I loved Anubis just for the sake that he can command anyone based on who touches his sword. Yes they showed that Jotaro and Polnaredd dealt with the stand in one or two episodes  




 Did not need a mod, despite the fact you were who I was looking for on another trip thread. Mitigating my come down with Hookah and Dr. Pepper 




 Both types fuck with your mind. I was addicted to earlier and am hooked on hookah. You know what you personally want, based on chemical 




 Or any one of the other mods  




 I figured it would be /u/roi_on_steroids to comfort me lol 




 Found someone else who couldn't.  Gonna check bowl and check them 




 I've never had a complaint whilst smoking them. The smoke I've had doesn't burn me  hard, but I'm not exactly experience  









 Work. Hookah.  Sober. Otherwise this is a fun chill sing to smoke too 




 Because he was one of the artists hyped during Coachella time but it's been a while since I tuned into that scene  




 Good reply lol  




 Is it weird that I started liking Tame Impala because of Tyler the Creator?  




 Brooklyn Nine Nine is bad on this because it's always Fox commercials 




 My old DS charger used to take 2 spots. Pissed myself 




 BLACK 




 Power by Kanye West  




 If you could move out west after very getting you're degrees, MAPS had some postings on their websites but you have to be in Santa Cruz to be considered  




 The last time I did psyches, I was so overloaded with thoughts where I couldn't discern one from another. It might be different for others 




 I'd say take 1 of the percs at most. Just want to make sure nothing bad happens to you 




 I may not be part of the norm, but you are describing my nights with people and drugs. Like I want to counsel and part themselves but it's hard since I have what I love. I've cut back to get a new job and unless at least until I get the degree so I can hold my degree of empathy without comprising my degree of realatability without looking like a hypocrite.  




 Beer with hookah bowls. Hand-mixed drinks otherwise 




 Upvote for the weirdness 




 Congrats on the perfect game! As well as the clean series. Way to close those frames! 




 Like I keep mine propped up to keep everything else open. I can run an emulator and Spotify without any lag anymore 




 God bless foreplay. It's helped me through so many situations,  and I'm glad to hear it from someone else, even if it's an online anon  




 Cocaine. Done it a few times. Always want to beat the fuck out of someone around me 




 In a different way. I felt myself dissociated and as if I had multiple personalities the last time I tripped. I really felt like I learned a lot both about myself and my relation with others through the experience 




 Oh good point. Did not think I would have to state that sex was consensual 




 I have been drugged, thus I can survive being drugged.   
I have been shot, thus I am immune to most small arms.    
I have had sex before, thus I am a master of seduction.     
I have been tazed and wasn't injured, so I am now immune to being electrocuted.   

I'm pretty much a better James Bond at this point. I figure someone will disapprove of at least one of these.  




 Pugs on drugs? 




 The way my friend explained it was that he could only find the whole setup on a German website. 









 I! AM! GROOT!!! 




 [Final Fantasy 7]

Sonoportation  (Teleportation by sound)   

Enhancement Calling (physically powering myself or others up)   

Selective Elimination (Making others think someone is dead or removed from existence when they are really there)   

Results: hear footsteps, teleport behind target, cut jugular vein/enhance myself to plunge giant knife through brains, rinse and repeat for every person in the universe, using selective elimination to remove myself from perceptible existence as needed so no one knows it is me
 




 [Saints Row IV]   
[Mind Reading, Real World Enforcement, Organic Wing Generation]

Sir, I broke your simulator. Will roll again for game before this one. 




 OandS have this, I'm pretty sure 6/10. Remember,  if one of them dies, the other gets a massive boost and increased elemental powers (Ornstein's being in lightning and Smough's being in fire) 




 Forgetting this exists. Also, vanishing/wandering off 




 I wandered off 




 I just sort of wondered off, Towelie style 




 It's not like it was Peeta  bread 




 Squawk 




 It was some generic wheat bread. Not bad but stale. 0/10 when sober 




 Well, I got super hungry, and the bread was being thrown at me. Me, being incredibly lazy, decided not to get up to get actual food but to eat bread being thrown at me 




 I went full pigeon. Never go full pigeon  




 And the N word 




 Are you lying? 




 Kpins take longer to onset. But with things like it, I wouldn't recommend drinking with it. Too easy to black out.  




 Just another day in the life of a pretentious artist 




 Lines of coke and molly at the same time. Kills the roll, absolutely stupid, but I smoked and drank enough to do it. Had 4mg Xanax as well. Ended up sleeping tied to a tree, was not arrested or anything. Lost my whole weekend starting from Thursday 




 Blue Moon Winter Ale weird enough. Even though I wind up drinking Miller products because I'm a poor fuck 




 /r/tripsit can be helpful sometimes  




 I'm candyflipping with a friend when she gets back in town, so it should be a fun holiday 




 What is everyone's drug plans for the holiday? Mostly for those who don't have dates I guess because I figured most of the couples would either be sober or smoking weed/rolling on MDMA. 




 I love the TPB reference in the story 




 You, sir or madam, have a beautiful mind 




 Can you provide a link? 




 No. You weren't.  




 This winter has been my worst on cardio in a while. When I was in high school, I had sports, so cardio wasn't something I needed to conciously seek. I always had a gym buddy who would help talk me through actually getting on a treadmill or eliptical (I hate stationary cardio) and now that he moved further north, I've been slacking on cardio. I want to be able to run outside instead (easier on my knees) but whenever the average daily temperature is less than 20 degrees Fahrenheit, it gets too cold to run  




 My Dad and I will usually watch PTI almost every night because the commentary is sensible and they cover more in half an hour (technically, 22 minutes) than most other shows will in an hour or more 




 KLK? 




 Crows  




 /r/bestof  




