 You should keep in mind that by far not all pedophiles are attracted to children exclusively. From what I read in articles etc., the vast majority of pedophiles is also attracted to people the same age, and for those, it's quite a common form of therapy to try and focus more on this attraction rather than the one to children.
Considering that, I think your boyfriend is on a good way. He has a girlfriend the same age, and he has his desires under very good control - for now. 

It's understandable that you feel disturbed - but keep in mind, so does he. He didn't choose to be this way, and it's hard enough for him to deal with it. I think you should support him in this issue, especially when it comes to therapy etc.

If you stay together though and you planned on having kids yourself someday - you should highly reconsider that. He might be able to get himself just stay away from children, but he won't be able to do that with a child on his own. I would not want to take that risk.  




 Well, I see 2 possibilities here. 

Either he is not cheating and she knows where he is going -but does not want you children to know (and there surely is a hell of issues a married couple would NOT want their children to know) - then it's easiest for everyone if you don't question it until they might decide it's time for you to know.

Or he is cheating - and she knows. Might be consensual, an open relationship thing, or she's decided to accept it, or at least not to act on it. Then there neither is a reason to act on it, since she knows whats happening.


I honestly do not see a possibility that he has been cheating this obvious and she has never got the idea herself. No adult married woman would leave 4 years of consecutive going out alone unquestioned. Your mother is not stupid, and I think you should trust her that she can handle her marriage by herself. 


 




 Relationships between two people who both have mental health issues are really difficult. I wouldn't advice to attempt to make that work, in most cases it does not and leaves both people in a state worse than before. Thats one more reason to let him go. Speaking with experience here.  




 I agree with you that it's too early in the relationship to spend such a huge amount of money for that.


How does she get the idea that you CAN pay it, actually? I don't assume you share finances yet, so what if you straight up told her that you can't really afford it? If she gets mad over that, you know that someone has some twisted priorities here. I assume you don't know her friend or at least not very well, so you have no real reason to attend that wedding - except your gf wanting you to, and that's not a good reason that you have to pay so much money.


I wouldn't expect my bf to spend 1000$ on a wedding of people he doesn't even know - and we have been together for a couple of years now - just to give an comparision.  




 To be honest, I don't think you should get back together anytime soon.

It's not a good sign that you are both willing to break up with each other so easily, without really overthinking it, as it seems (which is why you regretted it, both of you). 

Also, breaking up over a health condition like depression is something at least questionable, since your bf surely is not depressive on purpose or willingly. It's very selfish of you to claim that HE broke YOUR trust, while you were the one breaking up first and with a really questionable reason.

You're very young, and you haven't been together for long. If a realationship starts out this way, I don't see much hope in there. 
 




 People who do hunting are cruel. If they would just go into the store and buy meat there, no animals would have to die for it!

:/ 




 I spendt a serious amount of time chatting with cleverbot.

He agreed to marry me and have kids though, so I got that going for me, which is nice 




 Allowed, no. Skyping and similar stuff is only allowed if you do not gain information by it you wouldn't have gained ingame. For details, see here:

http://www.blankmediagames.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php?f=9t=456p=1808hilit=What+is+considered+cheating#p2058

Unfortunately, the report function is currently not doing very much, so people are doing it anyway - also because famous Youtubers have done it, too... Just hope a new report system gets enabled soon. 

In your case still, I'm not even sure if that has to be cheating. Mafia mostly uses Disguiser and Janitor together, and especially a n1 clean, which is pretty unusual to use it that early, might have drawn his attention to the possibility of a disguise...  




 I never got nuked by Gandhi.

He mostly gets invaded by Catherine or some warmongerdude and has like no technology when nuclear age comes up...no problem for me. 




 That's what everyone says. But where to set the line? May I give out my name? May I give out my role without my name? But my friends can narrow down which names are likely to be mine, so that one's tricky already. May I give out suggestions whom I believe to be guilty? That may change their behaviour, depending on if they know if that person is, or maybe they are that person themselves? And once I have a clue who my friend is, I'll be hesitant to kill or accuse him. 

In fact, if you wanted to not change the game in any way, you should not talk about the game at all. And no one does that. it ALWAYS has an influence. Thats at least what i think.  









