 I just finished watching through Brotherhood a third time and I don't remember this happening at any point... Thank you though. 




 This doesn't sound familiar to me. Thank you, though. 




 When he got mad, he would try to pull it out but it wouldn't come out of the sheath all the way and he would sort of wiggle it I think.

I want to say it's from either a video game or an anime, but I'm not sure. I think it was a young boy with a normal size sword. That's all I can really remember. 




 I actually quite like that saying. It's my start up message on my phone.

To me, it means something along the lines of...you can't undo what has already happened. It is what it is. You can't change how you got to this point in your life, you have to accept the way things are in order to start changing them to work towards a better future.

Also what imahippocampus said, it can mean if you can't change something right now, then you have to accept that and work with it or around it.  




 Okay... I see. This makes a lot more sense than anything I've read before (that I can remember!)

So, quick question, why does "il mange du riz" end up as "il ne mange pas de riz"? I understand that "du" is "de le", but why did the "le" disappear from the negative? Are "Il mange de riz" and "Il ne mange pas du riz" also correct?

I'm using Rosetta Stone as a refresher and I'm beginning to regret it just a bit, because it doesn't answer questions like this. 




 This is just something I can't seem to wrap my head around. Same with "de la". I think I have "des" for the most part, but I could still use some explanation for that.

I thought "de la" meant "of the", but I never see "de le"? Is "de la" the feminine version of "du"? So then what is "de"? If it's the feminine version of "de", then what is "du"? What is "of" or "of the" in French?

"Des", as far as I can tell, is used for multiples of items instead of "les" to say something like "I have some plates" instead of "I have the plates".

I've taken French classes, though I took my last one around 8 years ago, closer to 9 now, with Japanese classes since then, so I've forgotten basically everything and I'm starting from scratch with "je m'appelle train_subject6146". I've looked it up on Google before, but the explanations never seem to stick. I still can't get it... Can someone explain it to me in simple terms? 




 Awesome :) You look great in both modes! 









 I LOVE the Borealis series! I have six sets of (mostly) different colors :) 




 I want more than a trim, and I dyed my hair at least 3 times a year for 9 years. I'm ready to be my natural color for a while. You can kind of see in the pictures where I had orangey-yellow hair and dyed dark brown over it in an attempt to return to my natural hair color. Thank you for your comment, though.  




 I like this answer a lot. I've always had the philosophy of cut first, think later, because it WILL grow back, but for some reason, this one made me hesitate. I think it's because of all the "fat girls can't wear pixie cuts". Thank you! This was really helpful. 




 Can you provide me with an example of what you mean?

Thank you :) 




 I had long hair most of my life, but after a breakup, I chopped my hair off to my chin because my ex liked my long hair, and I was tired of taking care of the length. I didn't regret it, and have since kept my hair between chin and just below my shoulder length, but now I'm thinking I want to go even shorter.

I'd like a pixie cut, I think they are very cute, but I'm afraid my face is too round (aka I'm too fat) for one.

Pictures for reference:

http://i.imgur.com/opFqZy3.jpg Me with my hair down, unstyled and finger-combed

http://i.imgur.com/wZBtK46.jpg Me with my hair pulled back into a bun

I definitely want to cut my hair short, shorter than I've had it before (chin length), because my ends are really unhealthy, so any suggestions for a style other than pixie would be helpful.

For reference to body type, here's a full body picture: http://i.imgur.com/VGb4FNk.png 




 It's at 1 PM PST. I found the time zone on his Tumblr. 




 My friend says I have to be a pun master because I always make them and never notice until someone points it out. 




 I've made several attempts to clean my room and keep it clean in the past. It would always get back to how it was before really quickly, though. This time I took before  after pictures... The before pictures are really helpful. If I ever need a reminder of why I should tidy up, those pictures are there to remind me of how bad it can get. 




 Yeah, some! I'm still trying to balance out meds and stuff and I still get down sometimes but it definitely makes it easier to manage. It's one less thing to worry about and get upset at myself for. 




 Oh man that is very painful :( 




 Oh! I thought it was just items that had a higher chance of getting taken by the pant devil, not an actual item called that! Haha, thanks :) 




 I kind of figured that, but what sort of items are pant devil attractors? 




 What are "pant devil attractors"? I don't deal with a lot of high priced items (that dubloon was really pricey to me) but I would really like to avoid this happening in the future. 




 The original post: http://www.reddit.com/r/GetMotivated/comments/11u832/as_a_sufferer_of_depression_for_most_of_my_life/

The hard part was keeping it clean, though. And I'll admit, it got kind of out of control at one point, but before it got as bad as before, I got busy trying to clean it up again. This is how it looks today.

Someone suggested I do a 1 month update, but I kept forgetting, so here's a 3 month update instead. 









 I had 22 items in my inventory at the time. I try to keep under 30, and I keep a lot of 1 np items out to slim down the chances of my rarer items getting zapped. I always thought carrying more than 50 items was bad so I try to keep it in the 20s...

And yeah :) THAT dubloon is safely in my SDB right now! 




 This was painful to read. 




 I had literally just gotten it :( I was on my way to put in there when this happened, but Ririi was awesome enough to supply me with a new one :) It's safely in my SDB right now 




 Ahhh! Thank you!! You are too kind! :'D 




 I keep very small amounts of np out of my bank. I don't care about the trophy/avatar. I want my np to stay where they are, they are already so few in number. 




 I'm so paranoid, I usually go to my inventory immediately to put it away, but I stopped at the bank... Learn from my mistakes :( 














 She always brings pockets full of treats and she's the only person who actually gives her food when she begs (no matter how many times we tell her not to). She really spoils my dog, it's probably a good thing she doesn't come over that often. 









 I do not! Thank you Sir :) 




