 Thank you. Oh and just to add, they live on benefits via the government and maintenance payments. His wife's four kids have 3 Fathers involved{the word whore spring to mind-sorry I'm narked off} and they get maintenance from them and me. I also recently found out that if I were to go on benefits, then the child support agency would take money from that. Baring in mind that the benefit I would receive would be the absolute minimum that a human can get by on.{according to the Governments calculations} Amusing huh.  




 I apologise.  




 There are many comments in this thread from heterosexual males, saying how sometimes they just aren't in the mood sometimes. I have a high sex drive and have found that in most of my relationships that the guy has a lower sex drive than I.  Only once have I met a man who had a higher sex driver than me.

p.s I do actually have gay friends. But some of them have high sex drives too, or so they say . . 




 That is illogical. I used to think that way too BUT not any more.  




 lol, it was a compliment due to the comment about guys paying attention. :) 




 Yeah I would agree with that. Although, most people do choose to conform to it, usually subconsciously.  




 Simple things like my make up is smudged. Or my shoes look ridiculous with that dress, would be sufficient. I'm not talking about things like, does my bum look big in this, because that is a daft question.  I know that if I have a big arse, it's my arse not the dress making it look big. I also return the favour to my fella and shower him in compliments when he looks fiiiiine! :)  




 Plonker. 




 Why does it have to be old? 




 Some women have irregular periods. Which is much worse. 




 Thrush. Most men don't get thrush unless they catch it from a female.  Oh and guys, it's a yeast infection that can be set off by the wrong material underwear/stress/vigorous sex/hormonal inbalance/change in soap/changing in washing powder/giving birth. If you get it real bad, you can barely walk. It hurts and itches like hell. It's also REALLY embarrassing, going to the store to get the magic cream to make it go away. p.s Do not have sex with any women unless she has been clear of thrush for at least 24hours.  




 Sometimes the baby poops if they are panicking whilst being born due to complications. My daughter did that. Yes she came out arse first.  




 I luv you. 




 Agreed and I'm female.  




 Usually because if a cute guy was also in that store, he'd probably check her out instead of you. So really, it IS for the guys. {ps I'm female}  




 I worked as a stripper for a year. Out of 40 odd girls, There were three girls with real tits, including me. A lot of men and lesbians said the same thing.  




 Ewwwwwwwwww! 




 why??? 




 OMG Don't tell them! 




 That depends on the man and his level of intelligence. My fella usually picks up on hints.  




 You could always bring it up in general convo, she'll probably tell you. Or ask her what she thinks of the way someone else purposed. Better yet, suss out if she's the traditional type. If yes then be romantic and use you head. The more unique and personal the better. Sing her 'your song' at karaoke and add the a lyric asking for hand for example.  




 Me too!  My fella often turns me down because he's too tired. WTF The myth that men want to fuck all the time is bull! 




 Have a shower mann! 




 Depends on the girl. If I've got all dressed up and I ask that scary question, {How do I look?} I want an honest answer. I don't want to go out looking ridiculous.  




 Has some ribs removed like Prince.  




 We could do it for you if you ask nicely.  .  




 We don't like knowing when you need to take a dump either.  




 Some women are in fact like a sack of potatoes. They do nothing to satisfy the poor fella and give us girls a bad rep. Honestly, not all women a like that.  




 From my experience, men seem a lot less worried about this than women. 




 It's worse than that. Especially if you have back labour, with emergency breech delivery and no pain relief other than gas and air.  




 for wanking? 




 I'm female. She's a lucky cow.  




 that is average. You sound perfect! 




 Cannot up vote enough!  




 they are eye lash curlers. Nothing scary. We just want have big long curly lashes. Apparently you guys like it.  




 I watched a family guy ep where the fat kid pretends that his new gf is a boy. {not in gay way} it worked for him . . 




 or at least trimmed! 
 




 It's the fault of magazine and tv adverts. All this {how to look perfect} crap makes us feel as if we're not good enough. Most men compete against each other for how many women they've fucked or how physically strong they are. You lot are just as bad. Oh and when you chat to your mates about some hot celeb and we hear it, it hurts. Some women are effected my this more than others. 




 please teach me Master?  




 Boobs do the same thing, sometimes it can really hurt if you're not wearing the correct bra.  




 However, they will never know what it's like to feel like an extra from the movie; Aliens. Nah to be honest, pregnancy and the bond created due to it-is the most amazing feeling ever. It almost makes up for the AGONY that we go through in labour.  




 Are you single? 




 You are awesome.  




 cannot up vote enough!!! 




 Not unless they're good looking, then the fantasies begin . .  




 I can do it in two, with the help of a rampant rabbit.  




 That is bollocks. See Emu86 for her comment.  




 Nicely done ;) 




 a 1000 orgasms in a row? Tell me your secret.  




 liar* 




 Why????
 




 Get yourself a nymph.  




 Technically, that is still pleasure as you enjoy doing it.  




 I'm female and am very logical. It's part of the reason, I'm an anti-theist.  




 Actually it's programmed into you. It's instinct, not due to the society. Besides no matter where you live, men are the same in this respect{stereotypically} Also showing weakness IS a weakness. If something bad happens and all you do is sit there balling, then you're not doing anything to fix the problem.  




 Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww! p.s I'm female! 




 probably because it's so small they can't see it! :P 




 Where are you? I'm in England and have never had such treatment. If we want the pill or injection or implant, it is never a problem.  




 Different females react differently to orgasms. It also depends if it's a g-spot orgasm or via clitoral stimulation. They are very different feelings. 




