 Yes 




 All are welcome to my moonwalk/can kind of dance fest.  




 Not a dancer, although I  can moonwalk pretty well. Also, my name is Bella......
I just wanted to be included :( 




 I thought something was on my phone screen when I read the title. 




 The ending made me say ' oh shit. '
Well written. 




 Witchazel works really well for swelling and irritation. If the surround red area continues to be inflamed after a few days of application,
And doesn't seem to be draining,
I agree with the MRSA comment.
Edit: can't english.surrounding*  




 I like you  




 When ever someone mentions an animal in a /r/nosleep story, I fear for its life. 




 Loved hearing stuff like this while I was in treatment. The power of words can make a huge difference. 




 My monster lives inside of me, but it's been tamed for almost two years now. His anger and self hate comes to visit sometimes and hurts the people I love.
Get out of there, anyway you can, and never blame yourself for any of this. 




 K come over 




 'Oh mah God is that the prophet?!? oh mah God!! 




 Done 




 Thank you so much for this! so glad to know he is healthy and happy. All the best to you guys! 




 Scared shitless or not, that's fucking ballsy to go in there alone, without a flashlight. I don't have balls, per se, but if I did they wouldn't be... Ballsy enough to get me into an abandoned building ALONE. 
Good luck OP! 




 Thank you guys, I didn't think anyone would really get it. As far as going somewhere, I'm going to Brasil to see my family at the end of this year.. So I'm praying that'll do me some good. I haven't really traveled in sobriety without being surrounded by people in AA or NA, so I'm terrified one bad day might make me slip. I relapsed when I thought I had it down. I'm just in fear I guess. 




 It's been 2 years. It's the longest I've had sober since I was about 14. I'm exhausted. 6+ rehabs, outpatients, school, therapists, school, psychiatrists, school, trauma, more rehab and more drugs and more alcohol, sober living, moving 3 times in two years, losing friends in sobriety and gaining them, 'dry' spells, (not working a program), relapses, people, work, school, lies. I'm
So tired. I make decent money serving tables, almost done with my BA in psych, I'm doing the 12 steps again with my sponsor and just trying to be an adult.

Fuck. I wasted half of my childhood with depression, the rest of it loaded, (yes I understand I did that to myself), and I haven't stopped since. I just want to be taken care of. I want to just breathe a little bit. I just need a second to fucking process everything. I'm
Used to repression and suppression and numbness, and now
I actually want to FEEL. How ironic.

I just need a moment. I haven't had one in four years. 




