 As I left the café, I turned my face upwards to inspect the sky. Entirely grey, I presumed that rain was due any moment. With a comfortingly warm paper cup in each hand, I set off at a brisk pace. As I passed the town clock tower, I noted the time- 11.55am. Bit early.

As I passed Victoria Park, I peered through the iron wrought railings. Was he here yet? Ah- the familiar flash of yellow anorak- of course he was. I continued on around the corner and through the grand gates. 

The rain had began to fall, lightly, but I could tell that this was going to be a long one. The white-grey sky had a more ominous steel hue to it now, and the sound of the rain hitting the greenery around me and releasing the scent of autumn. 

I sat down on the spare swing, and Adam turned his bright, inquisitive young face towards me. 

"Hiya!" He said. He slowed his swinging as I handed him the smaller cup, grinned in reply, showing me his usual gummy smile. 

"Whipped cream," I said, "Extra marshmallows".

"Cool," he said, taking a large slurp. There was silence as the rain pattered around us. We sat there companionably, for I don't know how long, until Adam finally broke the silence. "Did Michael call you?"

I released a long breath. Michael was my fiancé, currently serving in the Armed Forces in Syria. He was serving as part of the Royal Engineers- in the forces from the age of eighteen and he was only now twenty-five- the same age as me. It had been three weeks since I had heard anything.

"No, he hasn't." 

"Not yet." 

I was silent. I was staring at the chipped bark on the floor, getting darker in the spitting rain. I looked at Adam's bright blue Wellingtons, as he kicked them back and forth, half a foot above the ground. I looked at my infinitely longer legs, stretched out before us, damp black jeans and soggy black boots. 

"He will." Adam said. His huge blue eyes turned on me and he watched me intently. What was it with this kid? I couldn't talk to my parents, my friends, my counsellor- but I could talk to Adam. Well- I say talk. He's the one who talks.

I exhaled. "We don't know that," I heard myself say.

"I promise." I looked at the kid. I'd never seen an expression so ernest in my life. 

"How can you?" I half-scoffed, half sighed. 

"Because," He said, "It's my birthday today."

"Happy Birthday!" I smiled, looking at him. He began to swing again, with purpose. 

"It's my birthday today," He shouted, as he swang higher, "And I wished for it".

"Adam?" A female voice called from the pathway opposite, and a lightly grey-haired, kindly woman approached. "Afternoon, Lily," the woman said, giving me a smile. I returned it. "Time to go, Granddad's making lunch."

"Bye!" Adam shouted, as he jumped off the swing, and took his Grandmother's fragile hand. "Tell Michael I said hi." 

I raised my emptying coffee cup in my hand as a farewell, and smiled meekly as they waved me goodbye. I watched his Grandmother pull his hood up over his soft brown hair as they hurried off down the path. The rain was intensifying, and again, I turned my face up towards the darkened sky, allowing the water to fall all over my face, salt water mingling with fresh.

I must have been there for longer than I thought, swinging slowly, thinking about everything and nothing at once. What has been and what could be. It was like a state of meditation that I always did, every Sunday after he left. 

And then, finally, my phone began to ring. 
























 Never the right time.


We’ve been friends for four years. Since we first met in Fresher’s week at University, you and I always got on like a house on fire. I don’t want to sound patronising, but you were a little nerdy back then. You were a lot nerdy. I’m pretty certain you were a virgin. Something about you, though, I liked instantly. There was a click.

Over the years, it was pretty widely known that you had a crush on me. All your friends teased you, and shamelessly tried to embarrass you in front of me. It worked- I remember you squirming and looking uncomfortable when they brought up during drinking games how you’d masturbated thinking about me- often. I have to admit- I loved the thought.

Years passed and it was only after the break up of a long relationship that we were both at a friend’s birthday party- it was the end of summer, we were camping by a lake, and the sun had gone down. Everyone was sitting by the campfire by the lake and I was pretty drunk. We’d had an amazing day, hiking up the hills, twenty or so twenty somethings playing in a giant outdoor Jungle Gym- an amazing outdoor BBQ and then finishing up with drinking and having a good time by the lake. 

It was dark enough that we couldn’t really see. You were sitting on the damp grass, laughing at my tipsiness. Our skin brushed as you teased me, gradually getting closer until I was on your lap. You’d definitely changed since we first met; taller, broader, and your skin was still tanned from the last rays of summer sunshine. One of the first things I noticed about you was your hazel eyes and sandy blonde hair. 

As you pulled me on to your lap, both of us dizzy from alcohol and carefree, I could feel your hardness through your jeans and pressed against my thigh. I wrapped my arms around your neck and we kissed. We kissed for what could have been hours. You were an exhuberant kisser, definitely keen, and my ego welcomed the confidence boost that you always brought. The ease of being around you was amplified by the mutual sexual chemistry. I wanted you then, more than just a fling, although I didn’t know it well.

As a friend stumbled across us, we laughed it off. As I swigged from the cheap bottle of fizzy wine I was nursing- a collossal 5.5% if I remember correctly- I couldn’t keep the smile off my face as  one of my best friends throughout our University career- my housemate, the birthday girl- shrieked in hilarity and delight as she twigged what was happening.

To be honest, I didn’t care that people laughed. They thought it was drunken antics.

That was the first of many times. We began to spend nights together, although never actually doing the deed; the first time I touched you bare, you came in seconds. I still didn’t care. It was exhilerating that you seemed to find me so irresistable. 

The next time, it definitely wasn’t seconds. Even thinking about you in the cold light of day made my heart skip and every time I saw you, my worries went away and lifted. I guess I kind of think it’s the stuff soulmates are made of.

I soon learned you were seeing someone. I backed off; I wasn’t ready for another relationship, having just come out of one myself. It hurt a little, and I was confused why you weren’t holding out for me- I would have done for you. Your friends were equally as confused. “You’re all he ever talks about,” They’d say. “It’s always been you- We don’t know what he’s doing”. Regardless,  we both ended up in separate long term relationships, but we kept in touch, as friends- although don’t think I didn’t pick up on your ridiculous flirting and flattery each time. You shouldn’t talk like that to someone when you have a girlfriend, you know. But I didn’t stop you.

A few years later, you became single again. I was still in my relationship, but it was failing. I began to think about you. A little more often than I should, and at times when I definitely shouldn’t. 

You came to see me a few days ago. You’re still gorgeous. You drove for over an hour just to say hi, because I was absent from work and a little poorly. You said you were worried about coming to see me because of the feelings you might reignite. You later said you were right to be worried.
 
You have another girlfriend, but you were touching me as though I was yours. You pulled me onto your lap and I remembered the first time you did that years ago. Your face was far closer than was appropriate but you weren’t moving away. We could too easily have kissed, and I don't know what would have happened then. I’m glad that I was at least a little more in control, regardless of what was going through my head. I laughed it off. You didn’t like that. And don’t think I didn’t notice you were hard then too.

What you don’t know is how now I can’t get the image of you screwing me out of my head, against the wall, hot and hard. We’ve never actually got down to it, and the build up of over 4 years is taking its toll. I don’t know if you’re playing games or if your feelings are real and you can’t keep away, or if I’m just a tool to inflate your ego every now and again. How am I supposed to know?

I still think you could be my soulmate, but I’m not sure I’ll ever find out.

 
























 "A best friend you happen to be attracted to" = spouse. :)  
























 Forbidden love/sex, male dom but loving, don't like weird-ass stuff. Relatively tame. 
























 The first story I've genuinely enjoyed here! Fantastic writing, OP. I love the mixture of romance and passion, like ed077 says. Do more! :)  
























 What would I say? I'm worried of making a fool of myself. But I guess at least I'd be a fool who knows.. 
























