 I've searched for answers, nothing really straightforward. 




 WHAT DO YOU THINK 




 Exactly. If you've set a boundary verbally multiple times, and this isn't something that she's willing to respect, it's probably going to be a more serious conversation. My boyfriend gets these spots, and I ask if I can get them, when he says no, he's made it clear it's NO.
He usually doesn't mind, but sometimes he's just not in the mood. 
Point is, if she can't respect this boundary, what about others? 




 Thank you! All awesome.  




 I've asked for en explanation before...but I
Figure I'd get a more straightforward answer here. 




 That's interesting, thank you!  




 So how would they proceed to reach an agreement on the outcome of the case?  




 I've waited until the strip was completely dry, but sometimes the way I put it on my nose made it become wrinkled in the process, and so I'd have
Parts of the strip with blackheads and others without.
Not helpful, but if anyone has a better way to apply it let me know!  




 I had a pouch like that before i got
Clean. How fucking nostalgic.
 




 Vocé e brasilerio? (: 




 Swollen lymph node? 




 I'm from Brazil, and I'm pretty sure this is bullshit. 




 ......this is Burbank, isn't it? 




 This is really
Upsetting. 




 I love you 




 Perfect. 




 Depends on the person,like myself for example. I love animals, I was raised in a family that loved animals, so it's  also learned behavior, as well as personality. There are different things that mold our personalities, and different things that make us happy, aka trigger our 'pleasure centers.'
As humans, we enjoy company, and most of us are instinctually very nurturing. And animals give us unconditional love, no judgement.  it's a pretty awesome process out minds go through.
(Majoring in psychology, almost done with my B.A.!) 
























 I've always wanted to go to India, mosquitoes and all.  




 Goddamnit. *thigh. 
 




 GOD YES 




 Thanks for posting this, I appreciate it deeply. I'm a psych major, and I've always wondered more profoundly about schizophrenia. There is only so much I can get from a book, and it's refreshing to see someone who is so open and willing to talk about it. I'm happy you're leading a productive,happy and somewhat 'normal' life, whatever that means(:
I'm curious, and if you don't mind, expanding on the voices? You mentioned three? 
Thanks!
(Sorry for any grammar/punctuation errors, I'm on my phone and my English bulldog refuses to go a second without rubbing her slobber on my screen.) 




 Here's something blunt, but a little less harsh. Whether or not you were drunk, there was a moment in time where you may have made it seem like this was ok to attempt. (The kissing).Your best friend understands you better than your spouse...that's something to think about. Your spouse was battling depression? Welcome. Abuse, emotional or physical, is not ok. Be honest, don't get defensive or be surprised when you SO doesn't want you around your bestie. I dunno, it's 3am and I'm not making sense. You've got some thinking to do. What do YOU want? 




 Who cares, look at his fucking ear! 




 Finallllllly 




 Classic stepdad. 




 Burn it.  




 This is insane! Please update with any results. It really does look like some serious shit. 




 'Small' 




 I used to do this a lot, long story short it got worse before I got sober. It is most likely stress or anxiety related. It's about finding the right outlet,
And your arms and face and sometimes other peoples bodies are the outlets right now. You don't feel good when you do if,
But you do it anyway. I get it! There are other ways, I'm not going to say go read a book or go for a walk,
I mean like write, cry and TALK to someone about whatever is hurting you and causing you to hurt yourself! Don't be discouraged, we all
Have our shit.  




 What do you mean? Is that a question that makes any sense on this subreddit?! 




 So...no one knows why they happen? 




 Thanks. As far as the region, I'm right by the Santa Ana fault line. We've had a few ones the past week.
I think just trying to understand it more makes me less anxious about it. 




 I've never had one of these! What does it feel like?? And why do they happen?? 




 Sorry for the wording, I'm not 5, Ha. I just didn't really know how to ask this question? 
























 I felt so much better reading this towards the end when you were able to take a shower. 
 




 I can't figure out what you're trying to say. 




 Fuck, I have no idea what I would've done in that situation! 




 Yeassss 




 This happened pretty close to the crowd.
Why am I explaining myself?
 




 I mean, it was kind of funny..
But in that moment I just wanted to light a cigarette and throw it in their direction. 




 Yeah, well. Point proven. 




 Cara, e hora de saber do World Cup. Não tem jeito. 




 I think I love you. 




 (I don't post..ever, but this is my second time posting on /r/TIFU..so it's safe to say I'm an idiot.)

After work, about two days ago, I was pretty tired after a lengthy and busy lunch serving shift. I needed to get cigarettes at the gas station, so my boyfriend took me straight there after he picked me up.
I run in, grab 'em,talk about how I need to quit with the cashier for the millionth time, and head back out.

not paying any attention to the make or model of a gunmetal colored car, I don't bother looking inside, and proceed to try to open the locked door on the passenger's side. I'm not looking inside, but kind if just staring ahead of me waiting for it to be unlocked. To my FUCKING HORROR,I see my boyfriend's car parked in front, and the driver looks at me and starts laughing, unlocking the car and rolling down the window saying, "am I missing something?"

It took me a minute too long to register, and after mumbling something stupid, I run to my boyfriend's car, turn last minute and see half of the people filling up and waiting to fill up laughing. 

I jump in the fucking car and tell him to get the fuck out of there,
Meanwhile covering my face with both hands and repeatedly saying " ohmygodohmygod."

Haven't forgiven myself yet.  




 Yeah, that kid is going to have some major issues. 




 Howwwwwwwwwww there's no fucking popping 




 Haha, yeah. The vet said that he saw it happen all the time, which, well...made me feel better 




 Haha no, ear. But technically a chuck of meat came off :( 




 Turned out, the little mat was a tumor or some kind of mass! It had little blood vessels and was squishy :( 




 Goddamnit I meant *EAR 




 Today, I FUCKED up.

Let me start by saying I adore my animals,  all animals. 

My friend has this weird long-haired chihuahua papillon.
Wicket. Sweetheart, tiny, and well taken care of (by me, usually she smells like cigarettes and has little mats. Roommate loves her, is just completely fucking clueless.)
Anyway, after giving Wicket a bath and drying her off a bit, I started to trim her hair, and some of the mats. I used to groom dogs, bathe them, etc., so I was comfortable doing it. 
I found a huge fucking rats nest of a mat behind her ear, cleared around it and slowly started to trim. Wicket didn't move,cry, or give ANY sign she was in distress, and just sat there blinking slowly.
I kept trimming, tried to pull some of the excess hair out of the way and noticed something bright pink. When I moved closer and moved the remaining mat I found I had practically cut off the back of her fucking ear. Bright pink skin, veins and blood vessels galore. Nothing to protect it, just skin. The second layer of her fucking skin. 

I fucking lost it.
Not the gore, that does bother me. It was the fact that,because this dog is so small in size, including her ears, she practically had no first layer of skin/fur on the back of her ear.

Ran to my car, ran a red light to the emergency vet just to be sent home, and was told to out hydrogen peroxide on it.

Roommate? Killed me. Freaked out
on me, rightly so, and slapped the back of my head.


Wicket is fine, it healed perfectly. I took her to the vet, no stitches required, but apparently I was extremely close to doing major damage.


I will never groom another animal. 
























 It's nuts! That committee is,well, fuck really committed to making me see things the way I used to when I was using. Today is a better day... Therapy, day off, did some feel good stuff. I try to do inventory daily on this app, but they've been mostly about myself lately. 




 I'm still trying to figure it out. 




 I think it's more complicated than a pattern of thought. 




 In a sense. 




 My depression. My self hate, I'm so used to feeling this way that it's easier than anything else. 




 I've been sober for two years. Ever since I was 13 I've been abusing drugs and alcohol. After multiple rehabs and outpatients and therapists and psychiatrists and anti-depressants, I've finally gotten sober. Keep in mind there is an entire 3-4 years of my life I've repressed, so I don't know what that holds. I'm in therapy now, I have a job, I'm in school, and I have a healthy relationship with someone who has 4 years of sobriety and loves me to death. I have great friends, a beautiful family, and I'm still hopeless. I hate myself. I'm not good enough, and this dark place in my head has been comfortable for so long that I can't get out. It's safe here and I don't have to face anything. I'm so tired. I've been on the go since I was 13, I wanted to grow up so fast, and now that I have I'm fucking exhausted. I'm just tired of not being happy with my body, myself, who I am. I refuse to take a compliment because I don't believe it. Please, tell me what the fuck I'm missing. I'm so blinded by my own self hate that I can't see anything but the obvious....ending it. I'm so tired. Help. 




 Maybe you did something he couldn't do for himself. If they break up that's a decision they made, not you. We don't have as much control over people, places, and things the way we think we do. Hang in there OP! 




 Don't over analyze it. If you guys are best friends, find a way to talk about it. Be honest, and move on. Don't beat yourself up! Good luck OP! 




 It warrants me popping them damn it 




 Thanks! It's not a big deal, they're like family, but thank you! 




 (3rd time posting, ever, all of which have been here, on /r/tifu. Still safe to say I'm an idiot.)

I still clench my butt cheeks thinking about this. It happened a few days ago. Friday night, busy, and crowded. I'm bussing that night, covering some girl's shift. Bussers at my restaurant are practically servers, except we don't take orders. ( we do all the fucking dirty work and deal with bullshit and get less money. ) anyway, I'm clearing plates off of a table, I mean, at least 8 or 9 heavy ass dinner plates, proceed to the next table
To clear some more, when I start to lose my footing on spilled beer  (I hadn't noticed), and slide my ass into the splits.(I can't do the splits.) About halfway through, I drop all the plates, and violently grab a
Patrons shoulder, clinging for dear life before my inner thighs rip open, crying out in pain. I quickly get up, mumble something alone the lines of 'fuckohmygodimsosorryletmegetoutofyourway', run/limp to the walk-in freezer, contemplate suicide, and open the door to find coworkers laughing in my face (not unusual.) I refused to go back into that section after cleaning up. I later had to walk over with my manager and thoroughly apologize while this guy and the rest of his family just stare at me like I just shat on their table.

Still haven't forgiven myself.  




 You just told my story.
You just told my story and I can tell you from the bottom of my heart that it is NOT your fault. Life can be so ugly, and people can be so cruel, but that is one side to life, not the entire experience. You can get through this. If I can a get through it, a junkie for 8 years, who has never dealt with feelings until
Sobriety, I PROMISE you can do it.  




 What is a 'normal' life anyway? It's okay, you're okay, and it's going to be okay. Don't give up, and don't be so hard on yourself.
Take some time for yourself, breathe, meditate or pray, go somewhere you can simply be alone and learn to be still. Get it all out. Everything. Write about it, scream into your pillow, talk about it here, whatever you can do get your thoughts organized. Sometimes things seem worse in our head than they really are. 




 I am BEYOND happy to have read this comment. Please don't ever go through with it. I've been there, so many times, that dark
Place in your head that is never ending and painful beyond words. I understand that, I do, and I
Would be lying if I said I hadn't thought about it in the past week.
But it gets better. Surround yourself with people who make you feel good about yourself. You don't have to do this alone. Look into therapy. It has helped me tremendously!!! I've been trying to get sober since I was 15, now 23, I'll have two years next month and I've BARELY learned how to communicate and be okay with myself. It's work, but I don't avoid mirrors anymore.
Please don't give up.  




 This is the kind of situation where you're in complete powerlessness, and it sucks. Some people learn the hard way, and others reach their 'bottom' when they stop digging. Shit happens dude, I'm sure if you had known her plan you wouldn't have enabled her to do so. Hang in there! 




 What the fuck crawled up your asshole? Are you really going to lose sleep over a story you didn't enjoy? Take a deep fucking breath and count to 100 or something. Jesus fucking Christ. 




 These are the kind of moments I like to call 'butt clenchers.'
 
























 You lucky bastard. 




 Just let her do it. It'll be worth it. For me.  




 The relief!!! 




 I can't stop laughing at this 




 Two....only two big ones? 




 ....I still think blankets are the safest bet against monsters and ghosts. 




 Of course not. On this subreddit? 




 Don't resist! Give in! 




 Show AND tell. Sweet. My health teacher made our class say 'penis' and 'vagina' over and over again until we didn't laugh. It didn't work. 




 Loved that game. 




 I think I appreciate videos like these more than other because it's an actual popping video, and not one of someone constantly wiping a cyst. 




 ....ingrown wig. 




 Those are the bestttttt 




 *cries impatiently* 




 ....which one? 




 You have to forgive yourself. Let go of the past and be there for Seth now. Don't be so hard on yourself, life is too short.
I know it's easier said than done, I understand your guilt, but being in the background is worse than being completely absent, because the only thing that's holding you back is fear. 




 You did more than you know by being there for her! I mean it. Divorce is so hard to go through, no matter what age, and you were a safe, positive, and happy environment for her. It is so important for young minds to recognize a place where they feel safe, and you gave that to her. Keep your head up!  
























 Yes 




 All are welcome to my moonwalk/can kind of dance fest.  




 Not a dancer, although I  can moonwalk pretty well. Also, my name is Bella......
I just wanted to be included :( 




 I thought something was on my phone screen when I read the title. 




 The ending made me say ' oh shit. '
Well written. 




 Witchazel works really well for swelling and irritation. If the surround red area continues to be inflamed after a few days of application,
And doesn't seem to be draining,
I agree with the MRSA comment.
Edit: can't english.surrounding*  




 I like you  




 When ever someone mentions an animal in a /r/nosleep story, I fear for its life. 




 Loved hearing stuff like this while I was in treatment. The power of words can make a huge difference. 




 My monster lives inside of me, but it's been tamed for almost two years now. His anger and self hate comes to visit sometimes and hurts the people I love.
Get out of there, anyway you can, and never blame yourself for any of this. 




 K come over 




 'Oh mah God is that the prophet?!? oh mah God!! 




 Done 




 Thank you so much for this! so glad to know he is healthy and happy. All the best to you guys! 




 Scared shitless or not, that's fucking ballsy to go in there alone, without a flashlight. I don't have balls, per se, but if I did they wouldn't be... Ballsy enough to get me into an abandoned building ALONE. 
Good luck OP! 




 Thank you guys, I didn't think anyone would really get it. As far as going somewhere, I'm going to Brasil to see my family at the end of this year.. So I'm praying that'll do me some good. I haven't really traveled in sobriety without being surrounded by people in AA or NA, so I'm terrified one bad day might make me slip. I relapsed when I thought I had it down. I'm just in fear I guess. 




 It's been 2 years. It's the longest I've had sober since I was about 14. I'm exhausted. 6+ rehabs, outpatients, school, therapists, school, psychiatrists, school, trauma, more rehab and more drugs and more alcohol, sober living, moving 3 times in two years, losing friends in sobriety and gaining them, 'dry' spells, (not working a program), relapses, people, work, school, lies. I'm
So tired. I make decent money serving tables, almost done with my BA in psych, I'm doing the 12 steps again with my sponsor and just trying to be an adult.

Fuck. I wasted half of my childhood with depression, the rest of it loaded, (yes I understand I did that to myself), and I haven't stopped since. I just want to be taken care of. I want to just breathe a little bit. I just need a second to fucking process everything. I'm
Used to repression and suppression and numbness, and now
I actually want to FEEL. How ironic.

I just need a moment. I haven't had one in four years. 
























