 We all have to go, and sometimes the place is inconvenient. When I was a kid, my father always taught me to cover the toilet seat with tissue paper while pooping in a public restroom. Therefore, I am taking a poll: do you cover the toilet seat when you poop in public restrooms or do you go with your bare bum?  




 For reference: I'm 6'0 and weigh about 195

1) Generally, I do like how I look. I have been called "handsome, hot, gorgeous, etc.". 

2) Sadly, yes I tend to focus on my flaws which brings me to the next question

3) Man boobs. I have lost 40 pounds within the past year and a half. However, even at 11% body fat, I still have some remaining chest fat. They are my biggest insecurity. 

4) I would rate my attention to appearance at 8/10

5) I am confident in my appearance at about 6/10 




 Definitely male affection including verbal and physical affection. Just because I hold one of my best friend's hands (who is a guy) and walk down the street does not mean I am a homosexual. This is one of the reason men suffer. We deserve to be appreciated and we deserve the freedom to appreciate our friends.  




 Stay Ready by Jhene Aiko and Kendrick Lamar 




 I understand what you are saying. Christianity is about a relationship with Christ, not religion. That's good to hear how you have found grace 




 This made me laugh, but I hope I can gain a better picture of God, too 




 Teach you what? 




 Nice man! 

1) I hope to work for an engineering firm as a science writer. 

2) I promised God I would never give up my faith, so yes. 

3) My favorite bible story is definitely Job because of the raw honesty. 

4) I'm a writing major. 

Do you plan on keeping the faith?  




 Explain the situation where your faith was tested the most 




 When is the last time you had a sad cry? 




 How do you think your identity has changed? Who were you previously? 




 Sort of a small town, I guess I just have a popular family because everyone knows us 

I am 23

I am religious

My dad was an associate minister for a few years, before he got his own church. My former church was bigger, but now this one is very small. 

Since I have moved a few states away, I have not been expected to help out. When I was growing up, I was at church all of the time. I was very involved in helping out.  




 I'm glad someone understands 




 1) I like to get drunk so I hide that. I also hide my dating relationships in order to stop people I know from interfering with them. The second part of your question is more of the general feeling: "Oh, did you see wildwolf at the bar? I hear he slept with so and so. I am going to tell his parents"

2) My dad is a Baptist pastor. I am a Christian but I am in a dark spot when it comes to my faith. 

3) I am 23. Once I finish grad school, I plan on getting a job and moving far away from the place I grew up 




 Baptist 




 1) The biggest thing I have hidden from my parents is that I have two mental illnesses and at one point, I was suicidal. My parents don't support me emotionally so I just have kept it to myself. 

2) My father is extremely protective over my sister, especially with what she wears. It honestly makes me angry how conservative she is expected to dress. 

3) I definitely can see the double standard when it comes to purity. Sadly, I think this double standard comes from the world view that any sort of impurity will taint a woman (which I extremely disagree with). 

4) My parents are dictators in my household; you either do what they say or you can face some heavy consequences. Consequently, I tend to view God as an authoritarian which makes faith hard. 

5) I had a turkey sandwich for lunch 




 If you could go back five years in time, what would you tell yourself? 




 What's going through your head right now?  




 My father is a pastor in area where everyone almost knows everyone. In order for me to maintain any privacy, I have to hide almost everything I do. Ask me anything  




 Thank you so much, I really appreciate it. You definitely have given me some encouragement 




 First of all, I would just like to say thank you for taking the time to read my story. Also, thank you for the kind words. I'm glad I am not the only one who has dealt with this. I have felt alone for so long and this is encouraging to hear. You did not offend me in any way. How is your OCD now? I am starting ERP tomorrow actually and I am quite nervous  




 American Baptist  




 I don't even want to say how bad my intrusive thoughts are about sex 




 That left me speechless 




 I can completely relate due to a similar childhood. I definitely wish more people understood this.  




 I definitely have the morality obsessions. Mine just started with the religious ones.  




 Hopefully, he will thank you later 




 I understand how you feel. However, this is why you should not view someone as a solution to any problem. Although I do not believe in happiness, C.S. Lewis, one of my favorite authors, brings a great point in this statement: "Don't let your happiness depend on something you may lose". I also have depression, so I understand how tempting this can be. On the contrary, another person will never be able to "fix" you; you have to "fix" yourself.  




 Thanks for reading my story. I appreciate the words 




 Guy Berryman of Coldplay. It's unfair for someone to be that damn good looking. Even Chris Martin and the other members of Coldplay agree 




 I completely understand this point of view. However, for me, I fear the risk of believing I could possibly overcome OCD. I have spent so much time hoping my OCD would get better but after awhile my hope died. If I hope again, I take the risk of being hurt again.  




 *Warning: Wall of text post here, but this is my story 

I think a part of me died about six years ago. I could not tell you what happened in January 2009 that caused me to start hearing what I thought were voices in my head. I do remember the hours I would spend obsessing over what these voices said to me. I do remember the pain I felt when I butchered one of my ritualistic phrases and said that I “worship the devil” on accident. I do remember how I begged God and pleaded for Him to have mercy on my soul. The only thing I wanted was my sanity. 

--------

The voices did not stop. After awhile, the hope that was alive inside my body died. There was no place for me to confide. My parents emotionally abandoned me as a child. I always knew they were there for me when I needed to be controlled. If I ever forgot the rules, I knew they would remind me. As far as dealing with the wounds that life gave me, I was on my own. I stood alone. I stood in silence. I stood as a seventeen year-old boy who thought he was schizophrenic. I knew those voices were after me. I knew those demons were trying to kill my soul. I started waking up in the middle of the night because I needed to complete my rituals; I needed to defend myself from those voices. There were nights when I would toss and turn in my bed, begging for peace. I felt as if my soul was on fire. I was screaming through the flames and there was no one there to rescue me. There was no place for me to run. There was no way to escape my mind. 

------

There was also no one for me to confess. There was no comfort for me. Here I was, left in this wilderness alone. I knew time was coming to an end, soon. I believed Jesus was coming back soon. It could be any day now. I did not understand why I had to lose my sanity and my salvation, this close to the end of the world. I tried to do everything right: follow all of the rules, go to Sunday school, love my neighbor, all of the Christian mannerisms. I did not know why God was mad at me, but I knew He was done with me. I accepted this as my hell bound fate and continued to wander the wilderness. 

--------

After four years of hiding in shame and suffering, I finally came out and told one of my close friends I thought I was schizophrenic. He encouraged me to go to the school counseling office at my university. I learned a significant amount about my past during that time, however, I did not admit the “voices” I was hearing. After I started to lose my sanity more and my symptoms became harder to hide, I decided to see a cognitive behavioral therapist. I was diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder and Depression. 

---------

When most people think of Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, they often depict the man who cannot leave his house until he touches his doorknob three times. Some of my most common obsessions include contamination, doubting, and checking. The following are examples of my thoughts: “I left the door unlocked and someone is going to break into my house and steal my valuables. Did I turn the iron off? I left the iron on and now my house is going to burn down. Did I run over someone while I was driving? I hope this person burns in Hell” I could list many other disturbing thoughts, but I am often ashamed to admit these thoughts. Initially, I thought these were the demonic voices I was hearing. These violent, twisted thoughts were extremely contradictory to my normal thought pattern. I knew the thoughts could not belong to me. As I began to learn about OCD, I knew it was the disease that plagued my life. My OCD began with scrupulosity and has manifested into many forms of OCD. No one understands OCD’s toll on life quality: all I wanted was peace, however, reality became hell. I feel damned. 

---------

After all of the things that have changed in my life, nothing was the same. I have lost a part of me in this wilderness: hope. I have stopped hoping for things to get better. I have stopped hoping for my prayers to be answered. I stopped asking God to heal me from this disease. I stopped asking God to take me back. I was forced to grow up in this wilderness. I emerged as a new man and I don’t know if I will ever reclaim my previous sense of self. I cannot allow myself to hope again; hope hurts too much. 

Ahh, you think darkness is your ally? I was born in it, molded by it. I didn’t see the light until I was already a man, by then it was nothing to me but blinding.  

--The Dark Knight Rises
 




 I have been on Luvox for about 4 months. I will say it has definitely decreased the amount of time I spend on my compulsions. However, I also have depression; I cannot decipher if my depression is simply getting worse or if the Luvox is increasing my depression.  




 Hell no. If I have to chase a girl, that means she is running away from me. I would want a girl that is moving towards me  




 This is an issue I have faced with my girlfriend. For her, she felt as if she was not doing anything for me; all she was doing was being there for me. I noticed she felt as if she lacked purpose which did not make things worthwhile. However, I was content with her just being a shoulder for support; that was her purpose for me. I think the issue is differentiating between how you perceive reality versus reality itself. OP, do you feel as if he does not need you?  




 Nothing against people who go to strip clubs, but I would just feel really guilty. I also don't see the value because it's not like you are going there to get laid.  




 I used to be fat but I lost 40+ pounds, however, now I have big nipples 




 I don't think it's shameful to cry, however, I was raised the same way. I have the exact same issue you have. I haven't cried in six years. I think the only way it would happen is if I was hypnotized.  




 Ahh that makes sense. I wish people understood that mental illness is not any different than any other types of interest. I'm on Luvox right now and although it has not decreased my OCD, I have gained more time from spending it on compulsions. I also have Depression (I am unsure as to why, but I think I have an idea) which makes my OCD worse because I do not have as much energy to fight it. I have not heard of Welbutrin, but side effects for SSRIs are horrible. However, if I was not on any medications I would lose it.  




 I completely understand where you are coming from. Suicide was an exit plan for me. I decided I needed to do the best thing for my sanity; it's not that I wanted to do it, but I needed peace. However, religious beliefs definitely can influence choices. My counsellor basically talked me out of it, saying we could ERP and I could take medicine. What medicine are you taking? Are you open about your OCD or do you only tell select people? Any advice for telling my family?  




 It's been about 6 years for me. At first, I thought I had schizophrenia; it was very debilitating. And it sucks because I come from a rough family life so they have no idea I have OCD. I do know of worse cases, but mine was to the point where I thought suicide might have been better than life with OCD 




 If people only knew how hard every day is when you have OCD. How long have you been dealing with OCD and or Depression? 




 As an ISTJ, I have noticed I am very unemotional in my sexual experiences. Probably because I am more concerned with fulfilling my "duty" which is really important to the ISTJ 




 I lost my ability to cry. I haven't cried in almost six years. Sometimes, I wish I could but I physically cannot; I guess this is the other side of the coin.  




 I have attachment issues, therefore, it is easier for me to share my secrets with random strangers because there is nothing lost. I don't if I will allow someone to completely know everything about me. I hide myself from most people.  




 Almost six years ago, when my ex girlfriend was bullying me.  




 Yellow  




 You can definitely develop a comorbid depression; i have both.  




 I have not attempted but I have dealt with suicide ideation for the past year. However, my therapist talked me out of it. I know how you feel. I have had OCD for almost six years and it is definitely the worst thing that has happened to me.  




 I was raised to be your stereotypical boy. As a child, my emotions were invalidated: I was not allowed to cry, show emotion, or be vulnerable. Now, as a 23/m, I have significant difficulty with dealing with anything emotional. I can talk to you about almost anything, however, I start stuttering when I am forced to talk about my feelings. I can be empathetic towards other people, however, I am not great with expressing sympathy.  




 I thought I would never get over my first love after two and half years of being with your first love. However, you will reach a point in time when you don't think about your first love as often. As time progresses, you will learn why you two were not meant to be. You won't be able to forget them by simply moving on to other partners. Time heals.  




 This is poetry.  




 Grad School.  




 I definitely would say Amsterdam, based on some of these lyrics: 
"Stood on the edge, tied to the noose
You came along and you cut me loose"

Also "And I know I'm dead on the surface, but I am screaming underneath". 
Either way, the song is still beautiful; definitely one of my favorites from them. 
























 I'm an introvert. People usually meet me in social settings so they think I'm a huge extravert. I can turn on my extraversion when need be, but I'm a huge introvert. I could stay by myself for hours.  




 Managing Emotions 




 Managing Emotions 




 If people ever had the chance to spend two hours wondering whether or not they can leave the house without setting it on fire, I guarantee they would never say things like this again.  




 Two of my really close friends are gay and I view them no differently. We talk about everything. Women, sex, man stuff, you name it. Sexual orientation is irrelevant to friendships.  




  I understand where you are coming from. Although my OCD does distract me at work, I have always been able to complete my work; therefore, I would not want OCD to be a reason for someone to fire me.  




 Is this a question or a general statement? 




 I was applying for a job recently. As I was filling out the application, I noticed a section where they asked if I had any disabilities. OCD was counted as a disability. Have you ever had to count OCD as a disability?   




 There will be pain that even those who love you most cannot rescue you from; you are all you have.  




 When you love someone, you don't treat them bad. 

My long term ex girlfriend and I were young when we fell in love, however, our love was real. Eventually, she stopped treating me with respect. I was blind in love, therefore, I didn't see how bad things had become. She did, though. She broke up with me and told me this: "You try to see the best in everyone to the point where you can't recognize when something is bad for you or when someone is hurting you". Although it hurt at the time, she was right. When you love someone, you don't treat them bad; simple as that.  




 Yes and it's really annoying. I normally can wear slim fit pants except they are tight in the thigh 




 My best friend lived right across the street from me 




 I stayed because I started to defend her behavior. I would say things such as "she is just having a bad day", "she had a rough childhood", "yes, right now it sucks but I probably did something to make her mad", "I made her treat me this way". However, I realized that I would say things like those statements because she had been emotionally abusing me; she conditioned me into believing I was the problem.  




 I can definitely relate to this  




 When people talk in a whiny voice 




 Nike Elite socks are literally the best socks I have ever owned 




 Is your name Bruce Wayne?  




 I feel as if I'm the only person who I can trust at the end of the day  




 I tend to be attracted to women who are similar to my mother  




 I've met too many girls that play mind games and I'm tired of chasing after them.  




 On it right now. I started to notice the side effects about two months afterwards. It makes me really drowsy to the point where I have been oversleeping. I'm on 150 mg.  




 Have your ever thought about going to see the university counselor?  




 Coldplay, Lana Del Rey, Paramore 




 One of my favorite artists  




 That's actually a really good song 




 Yes, Christianity  




 22 




 See You Soon is so so so good.  




 *Parachutes: Sparks. This song used to be my favorite song ever. It's so beautiful 
*AROBTTH: Daylight
*X Y:  Message
*Viva la Vida: Yes
*Mylo: UFO
*Ghost Stories: All Your Friends

 




 Parachutes: Parachutes
AROBTTH: A Whisper
X Y: Twisted Logic
Viva: Cemeteries of London
Mylo: Princess of China
Ghost Stories: True Love

Also, Another's Arms is an amazing song; I have to disagree with many of you.  




 I do this every time I find myself in this situation 




 The last time I cried was six years ago. The only times I remember bawling occured when I was a child but I was shamed out of those.  




 First of all, commend yourself for at least fighting to stay in college. I'm in grad school right now and I have OCD   Depression; therefore, I understand where you are coming from. Have you thought about seeing the university counselor?  




 It does take a lot of courage to talk to your therapist about them. You are not alone in that; i still struggle with talking to them because of embarrassment and shame.  




 Mine started when I was 17 and it was definitely out of thin air. I definitely had struggled with anxiety as a child, but one day my anxiety transformed into full blown OCD 




 I actually wrote my OCD story and it is focused on scrupulosity. Feel free to PM me if you want to talk about it

[My OCD Story] (http://www.reddit.com/r/OCD/comments/2leh5b/my_ocd_story_a_journey_into_scrupulosity/)  




 Head and Shoulders, I don't go through bottles that quickly though; however, I do take good care of my hair.  




 I know exactly how you feel man. It's a shame how people are ridiculed for being single. I can be an independent, heterosexual man and still be happily single 




 Baby powder does wonders 




 I'm sorry to hear that. What is your religion?  




 I think it depends on the denomination  




 What do you mean, a majority view?  




 I have seen plenty without them 




 I have these two and they are definitely some favorites 




 I was at a party during college. I was standing face to face with a friend holding a conversation and a girl who I did not know reaches down my pants and starts making her way down my underwear. I did not know the girl and I had a girlfriend at the time, therefore, the attention was unwanted. I definitely found it offensive. When I turned around, I gave her a confused look. She and the rest of her friends proceeded to kick me out of the party. I think people can forget that women can sexually harass men. If it had been the other way around, I could have gone to jail.  




 Out of 23 years, I have not. There have been plenty of situations when I have been close to fighting.  




 I'm truly sorry  




 When I'm having a bad OCD day, my obsessions take over my thoughts; therefore, I can hardly pay attention to anything else. I know the feeling and it's rough  




 My life in a text post.  




 Why did you have to clean a public bathroom as a child? 




 Yikes 




 happens to me all of the time 




 Best friends hold each other's poops  




 so what do you do if you will be out for awhile, hold it all day?  
























 I read this as "I loved and thrusted her".  




 X by Ed Sheeran 




 23, Single, I would go as long as I needed to pay my student loan debt completely. Afterwards ...... Well, I think you know what that means.  




 I don't know what's funnier: this comment or your username.  




 Last month, side effect of medicine, home 




 I remember when I was around 9 years of age, I woke up in the middle of the night due to a violent thunderstorm. My mum came into my room and watched the thunderstorm with me. It was small, but it meant a lot.  




 A Tale of Two Citiez, easily. The middle of the cd is basically my favorite: A Tale of Two Citiez, Fire Squad,   St. Tropez  




 I came here to say 2014 Forest Hills Drive by J.Cole. OP, you beat me to the chase. What's your favorite song on the album? 

Other artists that I have been listening to lately are the 1975, Lil Wayne, and Lana Del Rey 




 I love that album  




 Play with my hair and I am yours  




 My ex girlfriend and her friends took one of my belongings and would not give it back. Instead, they kept on tossing it around. She was trying to assert her dominance over me so she said that if I wanted it back, I needed to be a man and come take it. I could not understand why the girl I trusted the most, and these other people that I also trusted, wanted to embarrass me. 

As I was walking my girlfriend to her next class, I went into the stairwell and lost it. The worst part was that we were exchanging Christmas gifts later that night.  




 Mine started around that time as well. Similar to you, I didn't start getting help until I was 21; the main reason for that was I thought it was some sort of schizophrenia.  




 Has anyone ever cried while doing a compulsion? If so, tell us your experience.  




 I have gone to therapy on and off for about two years. I'm 23. I should have started earlier when I was referred to go, but I didn't. 

I went to therapy for OCD and Depression. For depression, therapy has been wonderful. Therapy for OCD has been somewhat helpful. I will say that I have learned so many things about myself and my past; I never would have learned these things if I did not go to therapy and I understand myself so much better.  




 I have OCD too. When were you first diagnosed? 




 I don't cry but I definitely agree with you OP. Crying definitely helps cleanse the soul. 

The last time I cried was over six years ago when my girlfriend (ex now) humiliated me in front of all of my friends.  




 If I feel like giving a compliment to either a guy or girl, I will give the compliment. If I give you a compliment, that does not mean I want to bang you.  




 Either very energetic and touchy (but not in a sexual way) 

or very quiet and calm.  




 How It's Going Down 




 No matter what you do, you cannot force someone to love you; one of the most painful feelings is loving someone who doesn't love you back.  




 *Ask a girl out: 13
*Go on a date: 16
*First kiss: 14
*Hold hands: 14
*Have a first GF: 13
*Sex: 17  




 I dance around my house all of the time 




 You Guessed It  




 Some people advise not to drink by yourself. What are your personal opinions on drinking alone?  




 I definitely do tell my dad I love him on the phone; it may not happen every time but it happens most.  




 I used to be fat but I lost a significant amount of weight. I'm still hanging on to some chest fat and I hate it 




 I just answered this in another comment on my post, you should be able to see it. 

However, my issue with this Duluth website is that it implies that only men commit abuse.  




 I linked [two](http://justicewomen.com/handbook/part2_e.html)

[articles](http://www.gainesville.com/article/20140620/ARTICLES/140629975) that provided evidence. You are right with the comment that the Duluth model focuses "on a female centric idea of abuse". That is where the main logic in innocent arrests is born. Police are trained to believe that men are always in the wrong, even when the police do not have have sufficient evidence.   




 I normally don't talk about this because I seem to be surrounded by radical feminists, however, I am a supporter of the Mens Right Activist Movement. I think, similar to most movements, you will not understand the validity of the movement until you have a personal experience with the problem. 

However, when you have laws such as [the Duluth Model](http://www.theduluthmodel.org/about/) that enable police to arrest an innocent man, you will start to see the need. 
When your wife is beating you and you know that you cannot defend yourself because you will be imprisoned, that is when you will need help from this movement. 

Also, I do not think that most people understand truly understand what feminism is. My beliefs are confirmed when I hear feminists claim that they ["drink male tears"](http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--l5XyX-6W--/851773464789881491.jpg). Most people who argue that they are feminists tend to use radical feminism to insult men. True feminists will not do this, however, I don't know if modern feminism is true feminism. 

Ultimately, people view men as if they are the source of evil. However, women commit just as many wrongs. Mens Rights is not simply about oppressing women, it's about justice.  




 Maybe something is wrong with me, but I've smelled old clothing items that have my semen on them and sometimes it smells like fruit 




 I'm 23. I've had OCD since I was 17. I started taking medicine at 22. I also am clinically depressed. My parents have no knowledge of this, whatsoever. I've paid for the medical expenses myself. 

For those who have told their parents/families about their OCD, could you share your experiences? Did you find that it helped?  




 My entire family likes to be involved in my dating life, therefore, I stopped bringing girls around completely. After they realized why I did this, they stopped. Now, things are normal when it comes to my dating life.  




 I always do 




 Kraken   Dr. Pepper. You will thank me later.  




 Hello there! I just wanted to say that I have shared this same obsession for quite awhile now. I wrote [a post](http://www.reddit.com/r/OCD/comments/2leh5b/my_ocd_story_a_journey_into_scrupulosity/) similar to this. I'm not writing this to promote my post or anything but I just wanted to share it so that you can know that you aren't alone. However, I still have these obsessions so I cannot offer advice as to how to overcome hell obsessions.  




 Very sensitive  




 This is caled scrupulosity. I suffer from it too and it's the worst thing. I'm currently doing Exposure Response Prevention (ERP) therapy and part of the therapy is to write down my intrusive thoughts multiple times so that they don't bother me anymore.  




 Whenever I open up, I either feel like a burden or I feel as if people don't want to deal with my sadness; therefore, I usually just avoid it.  




 As a child, but never as an adult 




 But, what if I want flowers? 




 Same here, I've tried to become more comfortable naked but it's not my thing 




 I like to see pubic hair in the form of Nike symbols 




 I wouldn't have a problem with it 




 The last time I peed the bed was when I was 18. I had a dream and I thought I was using the bathroom, but alas.  




 My mother, when I was either 6 or 7 




 I remember when I made my first friend with OCD and I shared this same feeling. For me, it reassured me that I was not alone. OCD is almost similar to a foreign language; you have to speak the language to understand the struggle.  




 Religion, Violence, Sexual 




 It lasted from when I was 16 all the way until 19. I'm 23 now. We were everything to each other: first love, first sex, etc. Things were going well until she started treating me like dirt. We had been on and off and I tried to give her so many chances but she never changed. 

The first love is always memorable because that is the first time you love with complete vulnerability.  




 Could I have proof of the correlation between brain tumors and bottling up emotions?  




 Trunks 




 I would return to the age of 18 and tell myself the following 4 things: 
1) I know you love ice cream, but stop eating so much of it
2) She really doesn't love you
3) Don't get too close to him, it won't last
4) You're not crazy  




 I wish I could give this the gold  




 Many guys in today's culture are afraid of being perceived as gay; we are losing our humanity. You know your own sexuality. You don't have to prove anything to anyone else.  




 I'm not emotionally close with any of my parents. They emotionally abandoned me as a child  
























 I completely relate to this. However, no one should get away with abuse; the sex of the person should not matter.  




 I hate the chase, also. It's the main reason I am currently single. Gender roles have communicated the idea that men are always supposed to be the chasers and women are always supposed to be chased. Chasing after someone who continuously runs away from you is tiring.  




 She knew that she was hurting me but I couldn't see it. She broke up with me to protect me from getting hurt even more; eventually, i realized that she was right 




 I don't even have words for this  




 The First Days of Spring by Noah and the Whale 




 Another's Arms  




 My dad starts yelling when anything sex related comes on tv. Needless to say, my family strongly avoids the topic  




 A rhino 




 I'm on Luvox as well and I can confirm. Luvox makes me want to sleep all day. It's also really difficult to wake up  




 I'm currently in ERP. It's so difficult because you have to flood yourself with those thoughts. You have to remember that you don't actually believe those thoughts are true.   




 Anaconda by Nicki Minaj  




 Correct 




 I just looked. For science. Not the prettiest thing in the world  




 In real life, I rarely mention Reddit. Reddit is my space to engage in discussion without having any judgment (or at least, sometimes). However, I think if someone who knew me in person were to look at my comment history, they could definitely determine it was me. 

What do you think, AskMen? Do you give out your username to friends? Do you think it would be easy for people who know you in person to find you on Reddit?  




 When I was a baseball player, my team had this exact same discussion. We were split half and half, also. 

I wipe sitting down. Your cheeks are already spread, therefore, it's the easiest way. If you wipe while standing up, you definitely are smearing feces around.  




 ISTJ checking in here 




 It's a tie between the two: 

1) Girls often compliment me on my eyes and eyelashes. I've been told I have pretty eyes

2) My ex girlfriend said that when I sleep, I burrow into my pillow and hold it tightly  




 Someone paying all of my student loans  




 I don't understand why everyone dislikes this record. Although people may have been expecting better, I think Drake really constructs a cohesive narrative on this record. The whole album feels as if he is telling his story of life in Toronto. 

My favorite tracks include: Energy, 10 Bands, and Madonna  




 I'm not an activist but I definitely do support Men's Rights. Similar to the way that I support Women's Rights. I think everyone should have rights. Does that make me an egalitarian? Maybe. 

Both groups definitely have extremists: MRA has misogynists and Feminisms has the "I drink male tears" women. However, neither of these define the group. My issue is when people identify with the group without fully understanding the movement. For example, most women who people would call "feminazis" do not realize that feminism advocates for equal rights for men, too. 

Ultimately, I consider myself a supporter of Men's Rights, but not an activist.  




 My heart is tired of the mind games that girls play 




 you and me both 




 After reading the comments in this thread, I noticed that most people have commented about mothers who were overbearing or manipulative. However, what about mothers who walked out on their sons or who are negligent? 

I have a habit of choosing women who are similar to my mother or father; I don't have a good relationship with either of them. I love my mum but she was not there for me, emotionally. Consequently, I tend to choose girls who are emotionally absent. However, I will agree that approval seeking is a big piece of this.  




 Thank you for the advice. I actually did pretty well grade wise during my first semester, despite everything that is going on. I am nervous that it may effect my performance. 

It seems as if support has been vital for you, so I will try to take your advice.  




 I just started talking to people about my feelings within the past two years. Most people don't know I have depression because I severely mask my feelings. My best friend believes I've been depressed for years, but she never said anything. Anyways, here is the problem. 

I've been diagnosed with OCD, but I've also been diagnosed with clinical depression. I feel as if I'm sinking into this pit of quicksand and I cannot do anything to stop it. 

* I go to counseling, but I don't feel as if I'm getting anywhere
* My sleep is becoming progressively worse
* I'm extremely exhausted all of the time. I have huge bags under my eyes, so I'm surprised no one has noticed. 
* Constant headaches
* I have zero focus, which is bad because I'm in grad school
* I don't have a strong support system 
* I'm starting to feel like a burden to the friends who know about my depression 

Ultimately, I feel as if there is nothing I can do to help myself. 
Suggestions or advice?  




 This happens to me all of the time and I hate it 




 I've seen him twice
* 1) Battle Studies tour
* 2) Born   Raised tour 




 I only drink once a week, but I normally have somewhere between 6-8 drinks in the span of two to three hours  




 My ideal self would have the following qualities: 

* Established career
* Longer hair
* Maintain fitness, ideally 10% body fat (last time I was measured, I was at 11% body fat)
* I hope my extra skin tightens soon from my weight loss
* I want to dress well for my age
* More tattoos
* Drives a 2014 Camaro, or some other nice car
* I want to be less of an emotional wreck 
* More defiant 




 My ex girlfriend once asked me how often do I drink alone. I didn't want her to think I was an alcoholic.  




 Get out of my head 




 Cry   Fap. Sometimes, simultaneously

Seriously though, I listen to music that expresses how I'm feeling.  




 I can sing, well; I don't mean this in a pretentious way, either. Most people don't consider this to be manly but I really don't care. However, most women enjoy a man with a voice.  




 Dye my hair blonde  




 I have not done one, but I would be down for trying it.  




 My favorite hoody is from Adidas. It's very lightweight, but simultaneously warm.  




 My parents did beat me. Their parents beat them. It's a generational thing. I still don't approve. I don't think beatings accomplish anything. If anything, it just taught me how to avoid punishment. 

I am not going to beat my children, when/if I am fortunate enough to become a father. My kids will learn that there are other ways to talk besides using your hands.  




 If you are experiencing itching, you should try washing your asshole. Most people don't think to do this, however, it's no different than washing other parts of your body.  




 Lately, It's been ["Kids"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLxxxXsHXZM) by Childish Gambino. I could listen to that song all day and not grow tired of it. The song just keeps me in a good mood.  




 I normally poop three to four times a day: 

1) First thing in the morning
2) After I eat breakfast
3) After lunch
4) Sometime in the afternoon 




 I have already been diagnosed with OCD   Depression. I was just wondering if anyone had similar experiences. 




 I've had many bad things done to me by women; this is part of the main reason I have trust issues when it comes to women. 

I've been sexually harassed by a girl at a party (and that's the least of it). However, I won't talk about all of the things that have happened because I'm told that men are supposed to like any and all attention from women; even if it's forced. The sexism part is that men aren't victims of dating violence.  




 I feel your pain bro 




 When my OCD first started, it began with scrupulosity. I believed that my soul was under attack by the devil. I also believed that my intrusive thoughts were demons. In order to fight this, I believed my compulsions were my method to fight these demons. I also believed that demons were trying to possess me, I had missed the rapture, and I was fighting this religious war. 

Thinking retrospectively, I am pretty sure I was delusional. 

Has anyone with OCD had any similar experiences with delusions or hallucinations? If so, could you tell me a little about your experiences? I have started to do research and I would love to hear about your stories.  




 Why?  




 literally this.  




 I will never forget her
*Two and a half years with some on and off
*16 then, 23 now
*I learned to live my life without her
*Definitely changed my outlook on relationships
*We tried being friends but it just doesn't work  




 More like mini nightmares 




 I'm not proud of this, but I have been in two emotionally abusive relationships. 

Emotionally abusive people are not completely bad or good; this is the reason it's hard to recognize the abuse at first. In my experience, my ex girlfriends were very manipulative and controlling. I felt as if I was trapped. There was nothing I could do that was right. I was always the blame. I had to walk on eggshells and try not to piss her off, or else I would be punished. I could not even voice my opinion or try to stand up for myself because she would claim that I was emotionally attacking her. I felt helpless.  

Both times, I ended the relationship because I could not take anymore. I tried to give them a chance, hoping that they would change. They did not. Emotional abuse really damages a person, years afterwards. Counseling helps, though. The best way to make it right is to acknowledge what you have done and apologize. I will never receive an apology from either ex, because they truly don't believe they have done anything wrong.  




 Thank you! Same to you!

I worked out 5-6 times a week. 30 minutes of weight training and 40 minutes of cardio. Also, I significantly altered my diet  




 Woah there. I'm not trying to brag, I was just wondering if I was average now. I lost 40 pounds within the past year. I used to be fat.  




 This completely resonates with me. I think you just have to surround yourself with people who are more open minded about that sort of thing. My friends have been those open minded people for me. We will give each other hugs and hold hands. It doesn't mean that we want to fuck. We are just brothers showing our appreciation for each other.  




 I'm just wondering what is the average shirt size. I used to wear an Extra Large a year and a half ago, but now I wear a Medium. 

Thanks! 




 Views From the 6 
























 Can you recommend any?  




 I just was forced out of my OCD closet last week. There are plenty of people that I have not told. There are plenty of people that I will probably never tell about my OCD. 

I hid it from my family and closest friends for four years. Mainly, I thought I was schizophrenic instead of an OCD sufferer. However, I eventually found the courage to tell a friend. 

This is my advice to you: everyone does not need to know. Don't be ashamed of it, but also know that you are taking a risk if you choose to place yourself on public display for OCD. Also, know that there are people who understand. You will meet plenty of people who simply do not understand.  




 I made good money, though 




 I'm sorry but I sold it on Ebay :( 




 My favorite shirt is a button up shirt that is made from jean material. I got it from Levi's. It's very versatile. What about you men?  




 Straight flame 




 This website is incredible.  




 I can definitely relate to this. I have a sister and she was definitely allowed to be more emotional than myself.  




 (i.e. Did they validate or invalidate your emotions?) 




 I pee on my possessions to mark my territory. Including my wife  




 See Coldplay live. See the Northern Lights. See Salar de Ayuni. Basically, there are a bunch of places I want to travel.  




 Anywhere along the inner thigh. Not even near the privates, just anywhere in the inner thigh region 




 Beauty and the Beast 




 Allowing another person to see the uglier sides of me 




 I disagree. If you do not come forward with an honest answer, the other person is going to spend a significant amount of time thinking of every potential thing that could be wrong with them. The person deserves honesty if they have given you honesty.  




 The City by the 1975 




 Kids by Childish Gambino  




 Literally this. Many girls on Tinder just want attention  




 I've had OCD for 6 years now and I just told my parents (not by choice) for the first time, last week. It really is difficult because you never know how they are going to take it. One thing that helped me was printing out some handouts from the website. OCD is really difficult to understand for someone who has no experience with it.  




 I can see the argument that male affection has declined among men and I think I would agree. However, I try to challenge this stereotype. I'm a heterosexual man and I will hold my guy friends hands or give them hugs. I think those gestures are signs of friendship, more than romantic relationship.  




 Step back and shoot 




 How long did your OCD start before you told them? 




 Long story short, my parents had no idea that I have OCD   Depression. I had a psychiatrist appointment yesterday and I couldn't drive myself. So, I basically had to ask my mum to take me to my psychiatrist appointment. I had no intentions of telling them, ever. 

Later that night, my parents questioned me about everything. I tried to explain it to them and they are trying to understand, but they just don't get it. 

How did you explain it to your parents? Any advice on what I could do? They blamed themselves and think it's their fault. Any suggestions? 




 Long story short, my parents had no idea that I have OCD. I had a psychiatrist appointment yesterday and I couldn't drive myself. So, I basically had to ask my mum to take me to my psychiatrist appointment. I had no intentions of telling them, ever. 

Later that night, my parents questioned me about everything. I tried to explain it to them and they are trying to understand, but they just don't get it. 

How did you explain it to your parents? Any advice on what I could do?  









 I've had similar experiences. It's definitely scrupulosity and it definitely changed my life  




 I was delusional for a few years of my life and I thought I was schizophrenic. Then, I was told that my intrusive thoughts were not voices. Afterwards, I was diagnosed with OCD   Depression 




 As soon as you started reminding me of my dad, I knew it wasn't going to work  




 This movie hits me in the heart, everytime I watch it; especially the ending.  




 I can quote this movie like it's my job 




 23/ 2.5 years with some on and off  




 I completely forgot about For You. Dang it! 




 Yes, the live Yellow intro was ICONIC 




 This topic hasn't been brought up in awhile, so I would like to hear everyone's opinions. What songs would you include on your Top 10 Coldplay list? 

I had to think about this for a long time. I attempted to include some personal favorites, while simultaneously choosing all of the songs that I believe truly represent Coldplay's best work. Here are my ten: 

* 1) Strawberry Swing
* 2) Swallowed in the Sea
* 3) X Y
* 4) See You Soon
* 5) Yellow
* 6) Trouble
* 7) Amsterdam
* 8) Easy to Please
* 9) Lovers in Japan 
* 10) Charlie Brown 

Alright Coldplayers, let's hear it!  




 "Everyone I know says I'm a fool to mess with you, Everyone I know says it's a stupid thing to do. I had your love on call and yet my day was so full. And I did not know what to do, so I ran away from you."

I Ran Away was reaffirming when I ended my long term relationship.  




 There is a probably a tie between my favorite B-side: Crest of Waves   I Ran Away 




 I used to fall asleep to Warning Sign, every night  




 Ahh I understand. 

Mine is 

1) AROBTTH 
2) Parachutes
3) X Y
4) Viva
5) Ghost Stories
6) Mylo Xyloto  




 I love the whole 7 minutes of it  




 Yes is so underrated 




 I understand your reasoning. Could I ask your rank of albums, then? 




 I'll give you that actually. Ink is very childish.  




 This hasn't been done in a few months so let's hear it: how do you rank Coldplay's albums from best to worst? Also, what's your favorite track on each?

For me, it's 

* 1) A Rush of Blood to the Head: In My Place

* 2) Parachutes: Shiver

* 3) X Y: Swallowed in the Sea

* 4) Viva La Vida/ Death   All His Friends: Strawberry Swing

* 5) Ghost Stories: Another's Arms

* 6) Mylo Xyloto: Us Against the World 




 Mylo Xyloto was horrible but I strongly disagree that Ghost Stories was a horrible album. I think Ghost Stories is a more mature Coldplay. Not to say that their younger works were immature, but I think AROBTTH is full of young energy. Ghost Stories seemed as if they mellowed out a bit.  




 Now I understand 




 Drop it like it's hot 




 FA? 




 Same here, except make my depression worse 




 Have you tried anything else? Just curious  




 I do not have girl parts but I definitely do appreciate the insight  




 Well, I was going to ask my psychiatrist if I could try Zoloft next. This is good to know 




 I really want to switch from Luvox because of the side effects. Mainly, my sleep schedule has really been affected. Has anyone had any experience with Luvox? Any advice?  




 Definitely scrupulosity  




 I still have this problem. I used to pee myself and as a result, I have this ritual of keeping a piece of toilet paper in my pants. If I am anywhere in public without the piece of toilet paper, I consider myself done for the day.  
























 I also have depression so I understand where you are coming from. Have you considered some sort of support group or group therapy? It may help if you surround yourself with people who are trying to get better. 




 After watching Gone Girl, I sat in silence for five minutes while in the pitch dark.  




 Chances are she won't admit to it if she has been gaslighting. From my experiences, gaslighters will never admit to being in the wrong: this is how they achieve the gaslighting, by denying the evidence.  




 People take pick-up basketball way too seriously 




 Sounds like you need more mature friends 




  but you menfolk can be sensitive about these things. 

Oh forbid that a man actually has feelings 




 That I was suicidal  




 My dad avoids anything sex related. He starts yelling and making a big scene when a sex scene comes on if we are watching a movie. 

So the answer is no.  




 I once dated a girl who truly was not a very affectionate person. I often had to ask. People are not mind readers. Sometimes, you have to ask for what you want.  




 Right back at you, sir
 




 An abusive relationship is similar to traveling deep in the ocean. You start to become lost in your own world, therefore, you begin to rationalize things. 

I would often make excuses for her behavior: "She didn't mean it this time, she was just having a bad day, she's not like this all of the time". 

It does not matter what your friends and family tell you; also, chances are she has isolated you from their reach. You begin to sink deeper and deeper in this ocean until you suffocate. You either realize what's going on or you're stuck.  




 Exactly this. I was at a point in the relationship where it didn't matter what my friends or family said. I was the one who actively chose her, every time. Thankfully, it hit me one day and I realized that she wasn't going to change. So I got up and left.  




 Hayley Williams of Paramore 




 Video Games is such a beautiful song 




 No I don't and I really wish I did.  




 Trunks. I used to like boxer briefs but designers make the legs so long now.  




 I was emotionally abandoned as a child. Therefore, in order to survive my own emotions, I emotionally abandoned myself. Consequently, I have some deeply rooted abandonment issues. 

In my relationships, I have abandoned lovers in fear of them abandoning me. I've also been abandoned. 

I have been trying to work on this. I tend to repress my emotions so I blotted out the memories of my mind. I figured it out when the memories started coming back subconsciously.  




 In what ways did your ex abuse you? If you want to respond in PM that's fine too 




 I understand your concept of marriage 




 Threads like this really give me hope. Most of the people who shape the perception of men are not men. I do not understand how people try to define masculinity and argue how men never suffer oppression, if they are not men. 

When will society open its eyes?  




 About an hour, but that normally includes showering, eating breakfast, packing bags, and sometimes ironing clothes  




 If we are truly best friends, then I would love him regardless 




 I couldn't grow a full beard until 22. I really think it has to do with genetics. 

On the contrary, neither my father nor my grandfather can grow a full beard. Therefore, I must have some distant relative's genetics on my mother's side.  




 Beauty and the Beast because of Beast's character development 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/2rfmix/who_was_the_last_person_who_held_you_while_you/

Take a moment to look at the responses from this thread a few months back that asked men to share who was the last person who held them when they cried. Many of the answers are their mother during their childhood. This is unacceptable. 

Until society, including other men and women, learn to validate men's emotions, we will continue to have the mental health struggles. Men are humans, too.  




 I think the part that you are missing here is the threatening sacrifice. In other words, my emotions were manipulated to the point where if I said no I would have been attacked emotionally. 

From your comment reply, you said this as if some women feel as if they must sacrifice to please their partner. All relationships have sacrifices. However, I was forced to sacrifice for my emotional safety. That type of sacrifice is never okay in any relationship. 

No one should have to fear the consequences if they want to say no to sex. And I did.  




 Always carry a shovel. In other words, always be prepared to dig yourself out of a situation  




 I told myself I wasn't going to tell this story in fear that my ex would find my Reddit account, but I will not allow her to run my life. 

My ex girlfriend and I decided not to engage in sexual activity until we were married. I had my beliefs and values about sex. However, I always felt the pressure from her to do whatever I could not consider sexual intercourse. 

One night, she was staying the night at my place and we start making out. Clothes start to come off and at this point, I knew we were close to the heat of the moment. I also knew my values and I did not want to go further than those. However, there was always some sort of emotional consequence if I didn't do something she wanted. She would criticize me by saying I was either being selfish or too passive or not manly enough. There was one occurrence when she started crying because I wasn't being sexual enough with her. 

So, I knew I had to do something to please her. I had to give up my body or face her criticism. So, we do some sexual things. The body doesn't lie though. I did not even become aroused. She thought it was because I didn't like her. I knew that I had to either do what she wanted or face some emotional punishment. As soon as it was over, I laid on my side of the bed and felt so helpless. I have never felt so powerless. 

And that was how I was sexually coerced. It fucked me up pretty bad and it still haunts me to this day to know that she had that much power over my body. 

 




 I think everyone struggles with confidence at some point in their lives. No matter how many compliments I receive, I still have my moments of insecurity. 

Ultimately, I think in order to love yourself you need to know yourself. Figure out what you enjoy and what you don't enjoy. You can love yourself by being around people you enjoy and doing things that you enjoy. 

OP, how well do you know yourself? 




 Finding the hole 




 Experiencing mental illness/delusions  




 The Need to Know by Wale 




 Hispanic 




 These are two of my favorite Coldplay songs. I guess you do not enjoy their acoustic stuff as much  




 Princess of China takes the cake  




 "But he gotta get rid of these hoes for me" 




 Families who kick their child out because he or she is gay 




 I don't think it's important to feel needed. However, I have noticed from my ex-girlfriends that most of them think feeling needed is very important. 

My last ex-girlfriend often complained that I didn't need her in my life because I wouldn't show my needy and tender sides. She thinks that I don't need anyone. I'm just a very self reliant person.  




 There was a time when my family's opinion dictated all of my decisions; now, that is not the case. I will say that once your relationship progresses into something more serious, family matters become a little more important. That's if you strongly value family. If you don't value family as much, then you will be fine.  




 $250 




 Playing basketball and a guy on the opposite team was trying to save the ball from going out of bounds. He tried to forcefully throw the ball in bounds. Hit me right in crotch.  




 When I was younger: baseball (12 years) basketball (8 years) soccer (2 years). 

Now, volleyball.  




 My volleyball teammates and I make jokes about when people say it's a girls' sport. I'm a volleyball player too, but indoor. What position do you play? 




 I've always believed that I would have OCD for the rest of my life so it's interesting to hear that from your perspective 




 OCD is not an adjective. Please do not ever say that "you're so OCD" or that "you're OCD about something".  




 So you're telling me that you don't have OCD anymore? 




 I would say that I have nightmares at least twice a week. Tell me about your nightmares. How often? What do you do when you wake up from one? Do you remember your worst one?  




 In Your Atmosphere by John Mayer 




 I came here to say this 




 I have a friend who has OCD and has been a strong contributor to this subreddit. He has been such a support system for me, I honestly don't know what I would do without him.  




 Among all the people I have encountered in my life, I have only met two people who have diagnosed OCD. How many people do you know personally who have OCD?  




 Some girls just want attention  




 Maybe your parents had to bail you out of jail. Maybe your parents helped you out with a significant amount of debt. Maybe your parents dressed up as your favorite superhero for your birthday. 

Whatever it is, I want to hear the ways in which your family helped you when you needed it most. If they didn't help you, what moment did you need them the most?  




 Wasting my time with a girl from Tinder 
























