 SpaceX. A company like that doesn't worry about quarterly earnings so much as it cares about the bigger picture for humanity. That outlook alone, acting as the primary drive for legislation, can do wonders.  




 Another small factor to this might be the fact that air traffic might be difficult to handle if flying cars become as popular and affordable as cars today, or even half a decade ago. Safety is a huge issue when it comes to taking off and landing, too. All of it requires some form of floating stoplights and markers for roads, or planned schedules of who's going where, and by which route. 
Also, flying cars probably might be invented someday, but its lack of practicality will probably not make them frequently produced and used. 
























 The best thing to do is foster in them some love for a subject. If they love it, they'll pursue it. You can help by making that love stronger as they grow up. I would suggest introducing them to science and technology, by introducing them to fun science videos on Youtube (ASAPscience, It's Okay To Be Smart, VSauce, etc.) - my 9 year old nephew is hooked on them. Send them lego model sets of spacecrafts, tell their parents to take them to science museums, tell them on the phone about cool things that are happening in science in layman's terms... they really get a kid interested. 




 I wouldn't. I'd kill myself. A world war with the technology we have will most likely annihilate the human race - international biological warfare and nuclear warfare is enough to quickly weaken and destroy entire nations. During the war, all the knowledge we've come to know will be lost, and all scientific discovery will be geared towards the war effort. I don't see the point in living through it. Then again, some people might just survive in the aftermath - but it will take centuries to recover to present day conditions once more. 
























 Hey there! I'm 15/F, and I'm really interested in space travel and exploration, engineering, and technology. I don't do much outside except photograph sunsets and sit outside quietly (I get tuckered out after climbing stairs), but I'm learning physics and hoping to get to calculus, too. Music: [Gorillaz, Django Reinhardt, Neon Indian]. Shows: [Star Trek, Cosmos, every 90's Cartoon Network show in existence]. Hobbies: [Journaling, reading science fiction and non-fiction, collecting magazine articles and clips]. I really would love handwriting letters. Let me know if you're up for it. Thanks! 




 Nuclear fusion reactors are currently being developed, and if successfully built, they can create a substantial amount of energy (more than nuclear fission), and produce less nuclear waste. ITER is currently working on it, and I believe some companies, such as Lockheed, have also considered it.



 
























 To elaborate, the younger generations of this world will have their entire online histories, and therefore, practically the history of their lives, owned by corporations. For example, all their Facebook posts about life events, all their comments and opinions on websites, all their communications with others, will be stored to some degree. When they grow up and some of them run for presidency, or apply for a top position at a multi-billion dollar company, or become famous for activism and such, this history will be documented forever, and can be brought up, and can be used to condemn them. 
What can this suggest for the future? Will people become more honest and open with their history? Will people try to cover up their histories by paying corporations not to release it? Will society just accept that people are not in their best minds on the internet, and ignore it? Or is online history not all that important in the end? Or, will people demand that the history of important candidates and people be public so that society can gauge what kind of person he/she really is?
In addition, where can this go from here? Will medical records, marriage papers, police records, etc. be available online as the world becomes more digitized, and be used for the same purpose?  




 Well, since you live in California, if you could make the trip to SF, you could visit the California Academy of Sciences (amazing place for kids and adults alike), or the Tech Museum in San Jose, NASA Ames in in Bay Area, the Natural History Museum of LA, the Gateway Science Museum in CSU. I would suggest Googling centers nearby.  
























 Amazing how so much of the universe is captured in a single shot. Thanks for sharing.  




 Right, that is true. However, they did not own as much personal information before as they do now. I suppose what I'm asking is, as more and more personal information becomes collected and stored, and available to be revealed to the public, how might society change? 
























 Hi, I'm worried about my GPA currently and my schedule for the coming years. I was hoping that some of you could assess them in consideration of the colleges I hope to attend. 

Freshman Year: 
Biology, Geometry, Lit/Writ, Electronics 1, PE 9, Spanish 1, Art 1 
4.0 GPA 

Sophomore Year: (Current Year 2014 - 2015)
Chemistry, Dance, Spanish 2, World Core Literature, World Core History. For math, I was originally taking the advanced Alg 2/Trig course, but dropped down to Alg 2 due to a familial crisis that affected me more than I care to admit. I'm worried that I should have taken Chem Honors and Alg 2/Trig and stuck with them even if I got a B or lower in them. Is this correct in reasoning?
3.7 GPA 1st semester, probably looking at a 4.0 2nd semester 

Junior Year: (Next Year's Schedule, that I still have time to change)
Physics H (this class is considered to be changed to AP, and rarely do students get A's), Math Analysis, Honors American Literature, Reg. U.S. History, Java, Spanish 3, and if I'm lucky in scheduling, I might get Engineering and Technology.
I feel like this load will be challenging enough for me (I struggle every bit of the way in my classes). But, I'm worried that I should change Reg. U.S. History to APUSH and drop to Reg. American Lit. Only problem is, I genuinely like literature and it will be my most fun class. Is it worth it?

Senior Year: 
Physics AP-C Mech., AP Calc AB, Spanish 4 H, AP Lit, Reg. Econ and Govt., AP Comp. Sci.

In total, I pretty much am only taking 4 AP classes in my whole high school career. My school is recognized as a competitive and academically rigorous school, but I wonder if that will matter much. Did I make a mistake from the beginning in scheduling?

I would like to be an engineer, focusing on Aerospace/Aeronautical engineering. Or, I would like to go towards physics. 
But because I dropped down to Alg 2/Trig, I am forced to take the route to Calc AB, which doesn't cover enough calculus to start college with a physics/engineering major (or so I'm told). 

I would like to go to MIT, CalTech, UC Berkeley, UofM-Ann Arbor, University of Illinois- Urbana-Champaign. Would you say this schedule is what colleges would like?

Thank you in advance for your consideration and replies. I appreciate it. 




 I have the option of going to a middle college program for Junior and Senior year that's pretty selective (I guess, 15 students out of 100 that apply?), where I would be taking college level courses for high school credits. It's different from finishing high school with some sort of passing test and going on to community college, it's more of a well-connected program at a community college that partners with my district's high school to give this opportunity. Only some of the credits transfer, sometimes not at all if it's regarding private school, but that's not really my concern - I might take the option because it would allow me to get to college level Calculus and Physics, which I wouldn't have the option of doing at my regular high school. 

What would colleges think of this? Would they rather have me stay in public high school? 
























