 I would love to see a viewsync or something from Anderz, Keralis and the others that were in that same town, so I can figure out who is shooting when etcetera. 




 Oh was it Keralis? I just watched Anderz' episode from the edge of my chair, I think his video is shorter than other people's episodes. :( 




 The custom death messages are part of Flan's mod, I don't think you can change that. 




 Then you haven't seen Anderz' episode yet. That cliffhanger!! 




 I was told there are 49 people from Amsterdam with a clubcard for PEC Zwolle, while there's only 1 person from Emmeloord and 1 person from Urk (two places near Zwolle), lol! 




 I work at a Dutch football stadium and I can confirm Ultras can be great people. I always work at the unit underneath the Ultras stand. It was a bad day if our unit hadn't been shaking on its base. I just love the ambiance and the way they support the players on the field.

I am glad you are okay after the riot! 




 Welcome back! 




 I literally just tuned in to the stream when he brought his face really close to the camera, oh my xD 




 Me too! I started the map but I got really frustrated because of all the mobs, but I had a lot of fun trying to find more secrets and playing with MineChem. 




 If you don't like it, don't watch it and don't come here tell everyone you don't like it. It's so easy to avoid a video on YouTube. 




 Thanks for fixing that. I'm sure /u/parcel31u would appreciate it. 




 I still think it might be the person who donated the most money to be whitelisted on the server for a day. It might have taken a while before they could verify it was him who donated the money etcetera and the videos from yesterday and today all have probably been recorded around the same time. 




 I think they will get it eventually ;-) 




 No they have to rename the paper in the anvil and then insert the piece of paper in the hopper. 




 They are starting to figure it out at the end of the episode so I guess I can tell. They have to collect the books and have to make a word like they were trying. So 1E means the first letter is an E, etcetera. 




 That's really cool! :D 




 It's too bad I've seen the Yogscast play this map because I know where this is going, but this is hilarious anyway. Too bad they didn't watch the link as well :D 




 Absolutely. His tutorials are very clear, he told the last few bits I was missing until I understood bee breeding completely. 




 Maybe it's a repeatable quest. I'm not sure if they count in the x% completed under the chapter names. 




 Yup, same for me. Had the B-team flair for a while, then Team 77 Chads of Anderz during UHC, followed by Team PWN till the end of UHC. I recently started watching more Mindcrackers than just the B-team like I used to and they are indeed equally awesome. Although /u/TranceRealistic's solution is also a possibility lol! 




 I do not have a "best" mindcracker, I literally can't decide who to choose for. I'm "too new" to Mindcrack to have an awesome vintage flair :( I had B-team for a while but just recently started watching other Mindcrackers again, and damn they are all amazing people! 




 One of my best friends supports Ajax and he said to me last Tuesday, the afternoon for the match: "Gee, they're gonna broadcast another slaughter tonight. It's Barcelona against Ajax." full of sarcasm :P 




 BUDDONS 




 I really like your picture with Aureylian! :D 




 Maybe the person who paid a lot to get on the server for a day? 




 Avidya = Milk bucket! 




 I still can't get over Duncan's and Simon's bits. :') 




 Thanks for the explanation. A sand - dirt converter is really smart! 




 Woah, TIL. 




 BTC should keep the pumpkins until Halloween is over. This is a great prank and it actually looks really cool like that! 




 Another great episode from Bdubs. I am really enjoying his content lately :) Excited to see what the secret project is! 




 Woah 6312 points already, way to go Millbee! 




 I think that's fair. The more points you have, the better you are, therefore you should be able to win so that's when you get some points. 




 That's amazing! 




 I can't see why you should adress Jamiro. If he stops posting all the videos, there will be someone else taking over his 'task' here. It's the downvoters you have to get rid off. I am actually really glad Jamiro and also NotYorkiePudding are keeping this subreddit up to date with the latest videos. I don't think Jamiro has caused any of this, it's the karmaphilic people around here. 




 I've barely ever used the 'Hot' page, only during UHC's so I can easily find the thread because sometimes it's not stickied yet. And I just upvote every video I see from a Mindcracker, it's as easy as it gets. I don't watch every single video (I'd love to but there's only 24hrs in a day and I have more than Mindcrack in my life) but it's still support towards them. 




 I saw this only yesterday, cracked me up. [Melons for Baj!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nh-AkzNsjkA) 




 I saw the minion in Genny's "home RV" and I had to laugh so hard. Do you know in which video he placed all the minions? 




 Genny's laugh is best laugh. I've seen a lot of fragments in this thread but I cry tears of laughter whenever it's one where Genny loses it. 




 I like how it says "invalid side" after that lol! 




 Oh my. Tears :') 




 He should do a Zisteau level prank on Bdubs. Also, I just realised how many minions there are actually around the server. [Look at it!](http://i.gyazo.com/ff23809f8bed055e417099779dac50e7.png) 




 You have just totally brightened up my day! This is gold hahahaha!! 




 Maybe Genny's Stuff it? I remember them telling they would do that sometime. Or did I miss that? 




 Yeah I'm somewhere in the names part too :D It's a really nice surprise from /u/Guardax! 




 Minecraft with Generikb for sure :) 




 There were so many names I didn't know, lol 




 It's funny to see how everyone with a rare flair suddenly speaks. :D 




 That episode from Bdubs was hilarious. :D I had to laugh just as much as when he did the redstone on of the towers in the adventure branch from Diversity 2. 




 I believe Sev has pranked Aurey not long ago with the hamburger bun on top of the farm in Farmland. I don't know when that was exactly but it doesn't feel like it was too long ago.

Edit: yup his last Mindcrack video was from the 23rd of September. Prank video was from the 10th of September. 




 I like how you fit in in the chart how everyone's health changed over time. Sev's bar is quite impressive if you see it like this. He got low on health pretty quickly but still laste quite some time. 




 Ah, alright. Maybe you could use these quests and modify them to make them more complicate. Or you could just request end-game items from some mods in your pack. 




 Yes but they're not easy when you are on a skyblock. I think that's the difference between AS and what you're gonna do. 




 Yeah I saw those posts too. The Naga in the Nether was the strangest. 




 You could also maybe make a compilation of just the last year, so you don't have the same clips over and over again. A lot of funny moments have happened this year. 




 Yup. I think that was one of the reasons why they needed like 4 or 5 episodes for the adventure branch, where Guude and Chad will probably need 2, including this one. 




 Oh boy.. 




 Even your dirt house is preeeeettyyyyyy :3 




 The video is not even one minute in and then there's Chad's cat.. Oh my. 




 IIRC from the B-team's playthrough (or Jsano/Baj's perspective) it wasn't really anything special, water bottles or something. 




 I think the major drop after the first episode might be because the server restart was just as hyped about as with UHCs. Everyone was excited for the new season and when it turned out they would be using a world border, there were more people than just those few Mindcrackers who disagreed with it. I guess they stopped watching immediately.

edit: whoops I don't know why I already submitted. Secondly, the server reset was during the holidays. On the one hand, no one is going to college so everyone has time to watch, but on the other hand, people are leaving town for multiple weeks, etcetera. I've been away for only a week, I went to Dublin, but I missed a week's content and I never managed to catch up. I felt like I should because I didn't wanna miss anything in that early stage of the new server, but I never did.. That might be the reason why I stopped watching (I only watch one when I'm really bored, I should definitely watch more often) and maybe this is the same for others..

And now people are back in college, having less time to watch. All I hope is that it's not the end of that server already. There are still people active but they upload a Mindcrack video each two days. I expect videos from at least Bdubs and Doc today, possibly Anderz and Vechs as well :) 




 Yeah, like /u/Flawzorge said, he's not active here anymore. Try to tweet him or something. Besides that, I like your intro though ;-) 









 I could see the chest was a trapped chest but the skeleton that spawned still scared me, lol 




 Is that something unique to sevadus? 




 Why sevadus? 




 I did not know you already watched the episode, your comment didn't tell me. I just wanted to explain :) 




 You have to download the map. It's in the map section of the FTB launcher. 




 [Watch this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJJsaAcgKNg), it's about Bdubs' episode from last night 




 I have no idea why this gets downvoted. I know he's in university again, it's just that there might be a vlog coming soon because he's at Firstlook for the weekend. 




 Today he's at Firstlook, the biggest gaming event in the Netherlands, Belgium and Luxembourg, maybe another vlog soon :) 




 Yeah I moved and I was really late with getting a new internet + television provider.  




 [My stream just buffered, lol!](http://i.gyazo.com/ef326141e77c06742cf201cfcc85bf86.png) 




 I feel you. Had a few weeks without internet, I ended up staying at the university until it was time to get home for dinner. 




 /u/RedstoneSlime I think this is better than /r/computercraft because 480 subscribers vs 20K subscribers. There's far more people over at /r/feedthebeast who all would like to help you out. 




 I think tricking someone with someone else's wool is just smart. It makes people think about whether or not they should trust them, especially when that person just killed someone else. They should realize that they have multiple colors of wool on them, or they should first show a color or something like that. Or there should be some sort of a plugin that removes additional wool from someone's inventory, to prevent this. 




 Yeah, of course a head would be better (as in cheaper) than 2 apples. I also understand it leads to a bit more PVP in order to obtain a head, which I don't think is really necessary, there's already enough PVP. Things don't have to go quicker. I'd rather see a team getting all geared up (iron/diamond armor, diamond sword, bow, maybe potions) than rushing into battle without being fully geared.

Maybe I wasn't clear enough. The heads are a good solution if you get low on health really quickly, like in a fight or just bad luck (like Sevadus this last season, lot of mobs around him), don't get me wrong there, but I don't think you really need it if you're well prepared or at almost full health. Which counts for almost everyone most of the time. Besides this, the golden apple works fine anyway. It's just the kill that adds another way of regenerating health, making it easier to do so. Especially near the end of a season, when there's more PVP and there's a few people left, wandering around with gear from a few other teams, it would only stretch out the last bits. They're all at full health again, very easily, and it's just "a normal PVP battle", nothing exciting to it because someone's not at full health anymore. I think it takes away a little bit of the challenge in UHC to regenerate health and to show the difference in skill. That's how I see it. 




 I actually think that's too much.. That's almost half of your total health, would make it way too easy. I assume players would drop their heads? That means that with one apple, a bit of gold and a kill, you'd be able to get quite a lot of health back. I don't like it. It's also pointless to use one when you're not even four hearts down. That's how I see it. 




 Could you explain a bit more? 




 Generikb has his computer specs and everything in every video description so you don't even have to search for his unboxing video. 




 Sorry bot :) 




 I think the Adventurer's backpack holds nothing by default until you change the forestry config file. ([Source](http://feed-the-beast.wikia.com/wiki/Adventurer's_Backpack)) But it might hold things you'd normally find in the world, like flowers, maybe types of wood/saplings? Don't really remember but I only used the Apiarist's backpack :P 




 Not much besides half of the UHC. 




 It's the top comment and the link was submitted right after this post. (Sorry I'm only 4 hours later lol) 




 Thanks! Voted again :) 









 It's nice to see he's getting better every time :D The average points per episode sure has increased a lot. 




 I did! And I will again in a few hours. School first :) 




 But why so late Baj?! :( 









 I started Material Energy^3 a few days ago and I really like it. However, I have two questions.

1. I updated yesterday from 1.4.1 to 1.4.4. This update contained a lot of new quests, but I can't seem to complete them. For example the clay quest in the first chapter. I scanned the whole pond for clay, even dug under all the sand, dirt and gravel, but I couldn't find any more than 32 clay while I need 100. Also, the next quest says there's some sort of AE room under the clay. This was all dirt and stuff for me. Is there a way to "update" the spatial areas so I can complete the quests instead of /hqm edit them? I just finished the first chapter of the quest book before I updated so I'm not that far ahead in the game. If it's necessary, a restart wouldn't be a big problem, but I'd prefer not to.

2. This question is somewhat stupid maybe, but I feel like I'm missing a lot of loot and Easter Eggs on this map. Am I supposed to literally investigate every single area? Break through walls and floors etcetera? I accidentally broke a few blocks yesterday and there was a chest, so I guess there's a lot more of these chests hidden around each spatial area.. Am I supposed to just tear everything apart? Or is there a logical way to reach these chests? 




 I started a vanilla server a few weeks ago and I'm having a lot of fun with it, even though I've played modded minecraft for most of the time. It's funny how you can fill your whole minecraft day with harvesting all your crops or shear all your sheep. However I am looking for some fun or odd goals to complete. For example, obtain a stack of poisonous potatoes. I have 7 already :D Anyone have more of these fun goals to do besides the things I'm already working on? 









 Me and some friends are starting a new server soon and like previous times, we wanna build a custom modpack. This time we're less focused on tech mods and more focused on magic mods like Thaumcraft, Blood Magic, Ars Magica and Witchery. We're also looking for a bit of a challenge, or rather adventure, so we'll probably add some dungeon mods and a few mods that add more (difficulty to) mobs.

Our question now is if anyone knows of any mods that are more tier-based. Most of the tech mods around these days make Minecraft a lot easier and once you've set up a few machines, you're already good to go. We don't want this anymore.

Also, we're looking for a mod that adds maybe a few food items. Not as much as Pam's Harvestcraft. Does anyone have any suggestions for this?


Edit: I forgot to mention we're trying to build a 1.7.10 modpack

Thanks a bunch. 




 Result: 1-0 by Stefan Nijland 




 Can somebody make a team Hatfilms flair? :) 














 Seed: 2735126617611667291

You spawn on [an island](http://gyazo.com/e96824ac3f3a3576edc18927d2da12dd) with a small patch of grass. In the distance (I have render distance at maximum though) you see [another island](http://gyazo.com/7a036c84ae96b9a6288709bf4d7bebef) with a few oak trees on it. It's just over 200 blocks to the south. Furthermore, there are two ocean temples nearby. One is close to the spawn island at X -300, Z +170. The other is close to the second island at X -470 and Z +615.

I think this can serve as a great survival map. You start with some trees and your island. You can cave down (be careful with the water) and you might spot more bits of land on your way. I have not seen a single bit of continent, only very small islands. There might also be more ocean dungeons, I don't know. 




 Title says it all. Research table is empty but I can't scan items to get my research points back because my Thaumometer says I already scanned it! I had a lot of aspects for all of them. I went crazy scanning everything on my items, even everything in my chests and ME network. I don't have anything to scan for new research points.

I am telling this because I'm curious if I'm the only one, and if someone knows what could have caused this to happen. Thaumcraft is not updated between AS 2.1.9 and AS 3.0.1. For now I gave myself 400 of each primal aspect but if this happens to more people, I think someone should look into it. I have never seen this before. I know I can go and find tons of nodes for a good amount of primal aspects and combine my way back up again, but that's not what I want. 




 I have no idea how I can get myself some sulfur very easily. I know there's a Nether ore but I have no intentions to enter the Nether at all. I don't have the resources and power to set up the laser drill (planning to do so, gonna set up an animal farm with a slaughterhouse anywhere these days) so yeah, no Nether ores for me now. I've been pulverizing a lot of coal which has a 10% chance of sulfur but I'm getting low on coal and I got pulverized coal everywhere.

Is it worth it to set up a blaze farm in the meantime and then pulverize some of the blaze rods every now and then? I really need the sulfur for yellorium dust for my big reactor. I managed to get enough stuff to finish the reactor but I can barely fill it with yellorium... As soon as I can, I'm also one step closer to the laser drill. 




 So I am playing the Ag Skies map like many of us and I set up my MFR soy bean farm yesterday. It's quite big because I can replace a lot of ingredients in the Hell's Kitchen quests with tofu or soy milk etcetera. Just wanna keep this running.

I've run into one minor problem though. Or not even a problem, but it's getting annoying. The farm is 100% soy beans but every now and then there are asparagus seeds lying around on the floor around the farm. It's free asparagus seeds, but where are they coming from? Does it have something to do with the ore dictionary? It's only asparagus seeds, very strange... 





























 Aurey already had 9k subs, Chad just 54 xD 




 Maybe you're right, maybe you're wrong. I guess we'll see what will happen :) PVP was fun, they just did the PVP event after which Sethbling moved out the border to a million blocks diameter, but I thought we were all talking about the vanilla server. There has been enough minecraft lately. Four Mindcrackers were playing Crash Landing, there were three duos playing Diversity maps (plus B-team a few episodes), there was Survival of the Fittest, there was Color of Infinity... PVP maps are fun, absolutely, but I thought we were talking about the "dead" vanilla server. I see this as two separate things. 




 I think, as far as Mindcrack even needs to be saved, they have already taken down the world border. The activity seems already increased since Halloween and the reveal of Chad as being the new Mindcracker. A lot of people are already getting back in the game and this will only increase now that the world border is gone. 




 Thank you! :) 




 Where can I find this? 




 Lol that preview for the next episode! Nice episode guys, glad you found the temple at last :) 




 Yeah me too. I was like: "where did they get all the wireless access stuff for the ME network?!" 




 That explains everything. I was already wondering whether I missed an episode or not. 




 Right now /u/brighteyes890 is in first with 8 votes :) 




 Yay for our own opinions :-) 




 Whatever, at least it's far away. That's my point. 




 Permanently gone.

edit: Out of sight until Kurt grabs it. Seth set it out a million blocks away. 




 Oh my, Chad and Vechs. Please no. 




 I live in Nijmegen so both Arnhem and Utrecht are easily accessible for me. My only problem is that I'm at my parents' house almost every weekend, which is not even near Arnhem or Utrecht. :( Maybe I can fit it in somewhere, let me know if this is becoming a thing and you have picked a date, okay? 




 [Did you downvoters need a source for that?](https://twitter.com/docm77/status/531418337423949824)

edit: First of all, this post may seem strange later tonight but the above comment was downvoted a lot before I added the source. Second of all, I am wondering why /u/jlim201's post wasn't downvoted. That's all. 




 Millbee: *oh baby, a tripleeeeee!* Can't get that out of my head. Not really a meme though.

Maybe Bdubs testing out his first fireplace followed by burning down both half his house and a part of the roofed forest. 




 Doc is also maybe releasing a Mindcrack episode tonight. 




 Yeah okay your idea already sounds more reasonable ;) 




 I just noticed this and I don't really know if it's intended or not, but it bothers me :P I just searched for a post from last week which contained a suggestion, so I used the link flair search option on the reddit here. When you click on Suggestion, it will also show you all Survival of the Fittest posts. Is it possible to change this? My guess is that it has something to do with the pink color of both flairs, it's exactly the same. If not, ignore this, I guess ;) 




 There has been a similar post but I can't seem to find it. Maybe it got deleted already, but that person had a similar idea. He said the server should be online one day per week, which I highly disagree with. Now the difference between your and his post is that you're not taking down the server for the rest of the week (and maybe pick a daily time?) but yeah. I don't think you can "force" them to get online at a certain moment. It would disturb their recording schedules, also for other series, because they are all busy with a lot of things besides vanilla server. If the guys (and girl) feel like it, they should definitely play on the server, not when we want them to.

edit: [found it!](http://www.reddit.com/r/mindcrack/comments/2lgznw/suggestiontake_the_mindcrack_server_offline_for_6/) OP didn't add the Suggestion link flair. 




 BEFORE IT LAYS EGGS 




 GTA and Mario Kart, nice thinking :D I enjoy these 




 Oh that bathtub duck game thing, goofy stuff like that! :D 




 My part in this, although most of these, if not all, are probably already mentioned:

* Gmod! At least Prop Hunt and TTT.
* Race for the Wool!! Sips + Hatfilms vs Lewis, Sjin, Duncan and Simon
* Octodad (I miss this Duncan and Kim!!)
* Civ would be nice, Civ 5 or Beyond Earth, I don't really have any preference
* Hearthstone by Rythian
* Some sort of survival minecraft with QA?
* Minecraft bingo? That was really fun with Lewis and Simon, maybe try this with a few more people! 




 And the bees are also outside the station. I really like this series so far :) I tried to play this map but I got really frustrated because of all the mobs. It's probably better if you're with a few players like they are. They are now at the part where I gave up :P Yeah I know, I gave up rather quickly 




 I'm gonna watch all of this as soon as I get home. Had an exam this morning (which went horrible) and have been studying all day yesterday. :( 




 It sounds a lot like the meatballs like we make them. He uses breadcrumbs but you can also use biscuit crumbs or something like that. Only thing I don't use is the milk! I can tell you they are delicious :) 




 No, sorry. I tried considering it but all I can see is problems for the Mindcrackers with scheduling. Not even for Mindcrack vanilla, but also other series, especially when they pick another day every week. God knows when they record group events like Gmod, MK8 and Speedrunners. This might mess up their complete planning. You're talking about 30 people that you wanna have on the server around the same time. It's not even possible for them to be all 30 in a UHC.

Besides the recording, there's the obligatory part in it because they "have to play at that moment". If they don't, it's another whole week without vanilla content. We already barely have any content, let's not take away the time for them to finally record something. Why can't people just be patient for a Mindcracker to publish a certain episode for a series? All we want is more, more, more but the Mindcrackers are also human beings with a social life and choices and wishes. If someone doesn't feel like recording a bit of vanilla content, I'd rather have them wait until they feel like it than record it anyway with a sad face and sad voice. 




 Ooh I missed Chad's episode :o Gonna watch it in a bit. 




 Generikb. Found his Beecademy videos first, subscribed to him because I saw he did more Minecraft videos, started watching Mindcrack somewhere during season 4. 




 Implying each and every Dutch person on this subreddit uses an Arkas flair and implying each person with an Arkas flair is Dutch 




 Yeah, well.. I go to university and I wanna finish this year so I can graduate etc. ;) I am still perfectly on track with my cum laude but I wanna keep it like that. I watch streams and later videos during holidays etcetera, and also weekends. But not during the week. 




 Something entertaining to wake up to every day. I live in the Netherlands, a total different time zone than most Mindcrackers so I go to bed when it's ~6PM at the East Coast. I basically miss "your" whole evening with uploads and streams but I get to watch it as soon as I wake up :D 




 Someone mentioned Blood and Bones in the comments on the video, might be interesting. Or maybe pick up ME3 again but this time together with Etho? 




 Hi, it's me, the person with no PayPal. I just discovered it's actually really easy to work with PayPal so I made one and linked it to my personal bank account. Waiting for 2 more days so I can complete that process and then I'll probably subscribe to him on Twitch and/or become a patreon. :) Chad is actually one of the few Mindcrackers which I watch *very* frequently. :P I only miss his streams every now and then because I live in Europe and he starts streaming when it's 3AM here. But I often watch them back from his Twitch page :D 




 Take your time, Doc. Your content on both the Mindcrack server and in your own World Tour world will be awesome anyway :) Just come back to Mindcrack when YOU feel like it, not when we do so. 




 Awh man I tore up while listening to Aurey's episode :( 




 Maybe not Vanilla but they have been very busy with Survival of the Fittest. At the moment, Generikb is off to Spain with his wife for the week so you can expect minimal to no content from his channel. Maybe they'll get back to B-team action when Etho finds the mesa deed. Bdubs gave some strong hints in his latest episode. 




 yeah. I'm not sure when he said he would be doing a Road to 10k every two days, I think it was one of the episodes of last week. But I know he was moving and he also mentioned a few things on Twitter. He also had internet problems. 




 Millbee moved and got off his schedule. He said yesterday that there will be videos again today/tomorrow. IIRC he also once said doing the Road to 10,000 every two days instead of daily. I expect a Road to 10,000 episode tomorrow :) 




 This is my favorite so far, well done!! Amazing! 




 I am a complete fail at this but here's my attempt at drawing a [spooooooky reveal](http://i.gyazo.com/912a8ada8403cba6da62867c6f25a000.png) 




 This should be way faster now with Gendustry like they are doing now on the farm. I also want to make a base sometime and let it run off of bees completely but I have waited for a mod that could actually make it possible without all the grindy problems like there used to be. Now with Gendustry this is easier than ever. All you need is a buttload of power (which pack doesn't have Big Reactors?) and a lot of redstone and glowstone, which IIRC are also bee products. 




 I was trying to breed bees with Forestry and needed some help on something. I found Generikb's Beecademy and subscribed to him, not knowing that it was just a short series. Fortunately he also played around with bees in one of the FTB series so I watched those episodes as well. Then I kept watching his series (and later also the Vanilla episodes) and so I got to know BdoubleO first (of course) and later on the others :) 









 And now a bit more serious reaction. I have to write a scientific article before next Friday about our project of the last three weeks but I can't find any motivation :( I have an exam on Friday as well which I still have to start studying for.. Ugh :( 




 Haha yeah, exactly. I also think ABBA caving would have actually been funnier than just a race for the diamonds. I really liked the concept of Generikb's bedrock drag race :D 




 Yes I know because I watched the episode. But I was wondering why it was titled 'Sorry Pause!' while I was still watching yesterday. ;-) Because it is really sudden and at the end of the video. They were already done but Chad had really nothing to apologize for, until the lava bucket and the destroyed diamonds. 




 Thank you :P 




 It was fun but I wouldn't do it too often. :) And now related to today's videos, I have been laughing out loud at Chad's and Pause's co-op. I couldn't figure why Chad's episode was called "Sorry Pause". Maybe because he won? But he didn't win. Oh man and then that lava bucket! 




 Poor Millbee, although you probably could've used another picture of him than the one on the Mindcrack wiki. 




 I believe Anderz is going to as well. 




 Yay, thank you! 




 To be honest, I'm glad he didn't. His red hair is definitely a part of him now, his signature. Don't you dare to change this Chad! :P 




 At the start of the stream he tried to read some of the usernames in the chat and mine was one of them, he got it about right. But I don't blame him, my name is difficult to pronounce for non-Dutch people. 




 I have been smiling since the reveal, I am really happy for him :D 




 Happy cake day :D Were you on that picture he showed? 




 ~~Whoops I almost accidentally clicked report instead of reply..~~

Yeah, I don't have these either. I'll see what I can do because it's getting really frustrating that I can't support my favorite Mindcrackers :(  




 I don't know either, IIRC it's a subscriber only thing by Twitch. Whenever you subscribe to a channel it is possible you get some extra custom emoticons. I am not subscribed because I don't own any of the payment options that Twitch uses (I think I should though) so I can't tell you :( 




 Yeah and I can't stop laughing at his reactions to each and every subscription and donation. It's that sound it makes which makes him jumpscare slightly every time :D 




 His stream is only 3 minutes in and so far he has pointed at the camera whilst looking serious, right when I was yawning because it's 1AM.. Perfect timing.. and he immediately said he would never pronounce any username correctly after a donation/subscription. He attempted to read some from the chat (why do I keep typing Chad?) and got my name right lol! This is gonna be awesome :)

edit: I see the twitch icon in the side bar for Chad still has to turn orange! But thanks for the flair mods :) I'm sorry I forgot to use the OMGChad flair, was too hyped. I have been very bouncy the last 24hrs since he revealed himself. 









 Try /hqm edit and shift click the quest. That way you can manually complete it in the cheat book. Then just throw it away (or store it somewhere until you run into a similar issue) and maybe throw away the flux capacitor too if it is a consumption task. :-) 




 Aw man too bad! I really liked how the first pumpkin looked like with the details from the Jack o'Lanterns and sideway pumpkins. Well done :D 




 Only 2.5 weeks late, but Beneficial NewcumberChad :D 




 I don't think there will be a spoooky_ghost flair, just an OMGChad one, which I'm going for as soon as it's available. 




 If you translate his name it means "good sand" 




 No you were not. I was really excited and cheering out loud when he revealed his face. I have had several theories in the past week, including Chad. It had to be a newcomer. Although it would have been a huge prank like Generik wanted to do sometime, I had never believed he would've managed to. I thought for a while that it might be the person that donated the highest amount of money during the marathon, but this went on for the whole week and this would never be possible in 24hrs. BTC was also an option but he was way too busy, he started a few new series lately. It had to be a newcomer and Chad has made the switch to YouTube with gmod, Mario kart, diversity etc etc. I am really happy for him :D 




 It was, read his tumblr post :) 




 I like Chad's montage :D His cat prank is so epic! And he actually rebuilt the whole barn, my god. He sure made the Mindcrack server alive again as well, I hope it stays this way! :D I predict a co-op of Aurey and Chad bringing back the barn soon :) 




 Seems legit. Can't wait though, finally no longer undecided :-) 




 I HAVE NEVER BEEN THIS HAPPY IN MY LIFE!

edit: waiting for an OMGChad flair 




 Refresh ALL the things! 




 I can see you don't, your username seems Dutch. (Hi, fellow Dutchie here) 




 My boyfriend started the Netflix series House of Cards and he really likes it. He keeps telling me he does :P So maybe check that out as well! 




 What if your reddit username was ghost... 




 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH 




 Every time I see a Free Talk Friday thread, all I can think is: where did my week go?! 




 I also think it has to be someone from the server because he gets around the server SO easy, knows exactly where to go. Anderz was really fast but the ghost knew exactly where Anderz was. 




 Thank you. I thought I was going crazy, I remembered it the other way around of what /u/ThinWhiteMale said :P 




 Haha it's okay. This is awesome anyway! 




 Oh my god I quit when it said [Herobrine joined the game](#spoiler) lol 




 Don't witches drop glass bottles or sometimes even potions as well? I know potions are a rare drop and the witch has to be drinking one, but glass bottles are not a rare drop from witches either. 27 items! :-) 




 Denial post? :D 




 Yeah I know, so Aurey was too early 




 Aureylian was too early as well, am I right? 




 True :P
edit: oh and YOU TOO! 




 I didn't even realise this until now, oh man! But that would mean both Etho and Juicetra should die first. I bet that'll be one (or two) hell of a fight(s)! 




 Dat flair though. The mods are really into hypeing (hyping? spelling?) this. 




 Oh man, I was like YAAAY B-TEAM! but it didn't take that long until NOOO ETHOOO 




 Ah, yeah I watched his complete Diversity 2 series with Guude and commented on a regular basis, not every episode. I don't like Gmod Slender but I'll try and watch more TTT and Prop Hunt :D It's just about finding the time since I'm in the middle of my exams. 




 I don't have a credit card or PayPal or whatsoever you can use these days to donate/subscribe on e.g. Twitch, same goes for Patrons. I would LOVE to help out :( 




 I would like to see some facecam action! Let's see how they freak out from some sort of random gunshot nearby :D Also what /u/Marscall already said, some sort of episode marker. 




 You are really close to Bdubs! B-team!! :D Or is it his lookalike? 




 They would have to ask the Flan's dev. 




 Thank you. I am now on Mhykol's server and that one's okay. Just my own internet crashes every now and then but I can connect and play. 




 I can't seem to connect to BTC's fan server. Is it whitelisted or is it my connection? 




 Lol I hadn't even noticed the banner until now. Bad person . I like the downvote hover warning and the News flair a lot :) 




 Hmm must have been episode 1 then :P 




 Anderz killed Keralis. The death messages are confusing but left person shoots right person ;) 




 I thought I had read that Juicetra is near Generikb 




 Yeah I think so too.. :( So far I know Anderz throws grenades at Keralis because he hears him go mental with the gun in that house. I still don't know who was in Anderz' building though! 




 I have watched Anderz and Keralis now and I can confirm Anderz was throwing the grenades at Keralis. He was also the person that went mental with all the shots Anderz was hearing.

I am really curious as for who took away the thing Anderz put near the door! (Forgot the name) Because it was gone. That was probably what he heard instead of what he thought was the bear trap. Speedy was miles away according to the maps. 
























 I thought we already concluded Vechs thinks he's stuck there because he doesn't know Jsano broke the portal ;) Doesn't really matter what he's gonna do. His best option is to find 3 diamonds and move the portal over, hoping it brings him to somewhere else on the overworld. 




 hey /u/RubyBot here's [Pak's perspective](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzWgkndXgKk) 




 Notch apples, yes. But regular? 




 That was an amazing escape, I have been cheering in my chair! 




 ^^^polo? 




 I totally agree, never seen this before! Made me smile after some rough days :) 




 [Pyro's perspective](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3n61efOVkQ)

[Pause's perspective](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mak5BUmNKIg)
 









 Can you send me some? Oh wait.. 




 Millbee passed 7800 yesterday in his 100th episode so you've got some (binge?) watching to do :) 




 I got two episodes behind in the current UHC. I watched the first two episodes of some people. Which perspectives do you guys (and girls) really recommend? I have seen Guude's and Chad's perspectives already, and seen both episodes from Pause. I have also seen the first two episodes from Anderz, Coe and Nebris. With who should I start for ep3 as well as for ep4? And can you recommend me any other perspectives I should watch? 




 This guy. xD Still got tears running down my face from laughing! 




 If really, REALLY like to watch MK8, you can also watch Millbee's daily MK8 series about getting 10K player points :) I'd recommend it, I highly enjoy watching these 




 There is so much more going on at the moment, everyone's busy with other series and projects. If the Mindcrackers don't feel like playing on the vanilla server, then they shouldn't. Only when they feel like it. Things will get better, hopefully.. 




 I really liked their meetup during S1 of SoF :D 




 I'm surprised that even though the blue team started off with some meetups, all the people who are now still alone are on blue.  




 Tried this a few months ago. Watch later list was full in no time because I wanted to watch way more than I could xD now I watch anything random from my subscriptions list that sounds fun when I have time for it. I however make time for uhc 




 Can't wait to try it myself! 




 I almost typed 16 too 




 of Mindcrack UHC season 19! 




 Dutch train perhaps? :P They are known to be stuck here. 




 I am missing something. Guess I should watch his episode later today.. 




 I am looking real closely but I still don't see it. Is it the strange shape? 




 Man I love your artwork! This is really nice :D 




 All of them for me. And when I put "user" in the link between youtube.com and their profile name, it's just fine. I use Chrome. 




 The youtube links in the sidebar to the youtube profiles don't work anymore :( The links have all changed. Instead of http://youtube.com/adlingtont it would now be http://youtube.com/user/adlingtont! I thought I'd mention, can one of the mods fix this? 




 Don't ask me, I don't know. I believe they pick the color of your name based on the color of the UHC team that person is in. For example Nebris is in the pink/red/purple team and all users with the Nebris flair have a pink name. 




 Can you add something that indicates who met who within teams? 




 Thanks! This is really nice for a quick overview :) 




 Yes you can choose both flairs. You just can't choose the color of your name and this person probably is rooting for the pink team. 




 To be honest, I wouldn't have time to play random videos while I was out-numbered in the middle of an UHC. 




 Wow, I have never seen your flair before. Sounds like Pyro was on it, who else? 




 Depends where you live I think. I live in the Netherlands and here it's just two weeks no lectures but still a lot of work because the semester ends in the last week of January. 




 Poor flair makers.. 10 faces in one flair xD 




 HYPE. NO TIME FOR SLEEP 




 The sunday sandbox livestreams? He's done a stream now twice on a sunday in which he builds in creative mode. (At least the first time, haven't watched the second one yet) 




 I could hear Genny talking to Chad, saying he should do what he wants and forget about the hate. That's what makes Genny so awesome too. He can play a game like I am Bread and he's in his element. I think Chad maybe has to find himself and discover what he really, really likes 




 I believe, if he does that, most of the Mindcrackers in the intro have to be moved either up or down which is a lot of work too! 




 I do sometimes. 




 Weekend!! :) Just have to finish writing my column and then that's done too and it's 100% weekend for me. 




 I would LOVE to see him livestream a bit of this!! 




 I like it! Neat :D 




 Could also just be in January, doesn't have to be now right? 




 A triple? 




 \*sweeps away a tear\* 




 First the mindcrackers in alphabetical order, then non-mindcrackers in alphabetical order :) 




 I use these every day :) So 200 times thanks!! :) 




 It's so cute to see how happy he was with him 3 




 Losing a pet is just as hard as losing a family member :( Take your time Genny. Bye Bootie.. 




 Ahh that's so sad :( I'm so sorry to hear about it. Poor Bootie :( 




 Hm, that's not my experience but maybe that's because I ask things they don't know the answer to. Good to know though! 




 Also the blood tears on btc! Neat! 




 This is by far the cutest fan art I have seen in a while 




 I post questions there every now and then but they never get answered if I don't post them on the day the thread was posted (Sundays or Mondays I believe?) So yeah.. Everyone takes one single look at that thread shortly after it was posted, then leaves it be 




 I had typo matches like these when i was younger, i was evry good at it 




 The video is removed :( 




 I am playing AS for a second time and r/FTB_Indeed which is made by a small community. They have a server for both packs and they are looking for new players :) 




 Someone fan-art this? :D 




 I'm on 3.1.4 of AS, which uses blood magic to create the spawn eggs. I can look into it but for now I have actually decided to just leave the quest and get back later to it when I have started blood magic for example. 




 Ah alright, thanks! I made a small pool, few blocks deep, for manual fishing so I only need the fish feeder then. Thanks :) 




 I have restarted Agrarian Skies and I have now reached the point where I need ink sacs for a creepy doll. Since I don't feel like building a giant squid tank, waiting for a squid to spawn, and I haven't started Blood Magic yet, I decided to go the Mariculture way. I have some squid now (the Mariculture ones) but how do I get their ink sacs? Is there a machine for it, what is it called? Does it consume the fish? 




 You should fish in the lava. 




 I am so happy for him. First Ariana is born, then he hits 1 million.. It can only get better for him from now on :) 




 Maybe there are tools with which you can merge YouTube playlists and sort them all on time and date. And if the order is wrong, so from now back into history, there are also tools that can reverse a playlist. Then just binge watch? 




 ^^^^^^uhc ^^^^^^teams ^^^^^^of ^^^^^^3? 




 Yes but carpenter's safes can be opened by anyone, they are just 'hidden' (textures don't connect) 




 Kill it with fire before it lays eggs! 




 Good to hear! I'm hoping with you :) 




 100% true! 




 I work at a basketball and volleyball hall, in the kitchen, serving sodas and fries 




 Have a nice weekend everyone! I will be working a lot but at least I got my new phone, the new Motorola Moto G :D 




 Good luck on your research proposal! They can be really tough.. 




 How did it go? :) Hope all went well! 




 Never mind. I just ran into indeedcommunity.com, I'm guessing that's what you meant. I'm registering it all now. I will also add you on Skype in a bit but my connection is really bad. So I can probably only type to you, no voice calls. 




 I'm sorry, do you mean the DNS tech pack thread on this subreddit or the FTB Indeed stuff? I've searched through your reddit post/comment history a bit.. 




 Ooh interesting! Tell me more and I will take a look tonight (EU zone) 




 Ah that's too bad, but a server is always lighter for your pc/laptop than singleplayer because you just connect and load etc. At least that's what I have been told. Too bad you lost interest though, but thanks for your reaction! I can't handle most FTB packs.. I can handle AS or ME3 because of the small world that is generated and the smaller amount of mods in it, that's basically it. 




 Hello. Did you manage to get your server working again and is there room for more players? I would like to do a ME3 multiplayer playthrough! Let me know :) 




 Hey, I am looking for an ME3 server too. Did you find one by chance? 














 Oh you mean Survival of the Fittest? We just had some sort of modded UHC. 




 Hello :) I am 21 / f, looking for a server to play on. I can't play most modpacks because I don't have a desktop, just my laptop. I have started the first bits of both AS and ME3 in singleplayer but I miss having a few people around! So who would like to join me and has a server? :) Or do you know a server where they seek players? 




 Ah man I was so hoping for an Octodad playthrough by Simon and Lewis 




 But this is singleplayer. It makes a huge difference since this Diogo is not pushed away or even worse, off the edge because there are no other people on the track and there are no items. (although this way he doesn't get mushrooms either) 




 I don't know if anyone ever keeps checking this thread after Monday but I was wondering if anyone has some sort of playlist made with all of the music that Chad plays during his streams. I can't watch his livestreams because he streams at 3AM for me. Even if I listen/watch them later, I use them as some sort of podcast, it's in the background while I'm studying and I just listen to what he's gotta say and his music. And I really like the music, I just don't have the time to search through his streams for his music. Anyone can help me out here? Or does Chad have a website where he lists the music [just like sevadus does?](https://www.sevadus.tv/music.php) 




 Yea if I had to pick just one.. In a building contest I would be on generiks side because Bdubs can build really well already :) In a redstone contest, I pick Bdubs, etc. not sure about UHC. 




 Oh man, I don't know... I think Generik..? 




 He did it during a livestream and he uploaded a livestream highlights video, I think he doesn't spoil it for most of the people around here. 




 It actually just depends on which video I see first in my subscriptions feed. 




 Sounds like I have something to watch today :) 




 I really enjoy watching Deep Space Mine and Agrarian Skies 




 It's easy to recognize some patterns but schedules change all the time because of the person's interests and new series and new trends etcetera.  




 I really like a wing of ender dragons 




 Bdubs for sure! I love all of his S5 work! 




 This means we should soon be able to see which new areas have been explored since the fall of the world border! :D 




 IGN: train_subject7970 - would love to play modded minecraft again, especially some collabs. My friends lost interest and I don't like singleplayer :( can't come online before monday though.. 




 Wow that's impressive! I had been thinking some more and I eventually chose for night blindness as my topic, also because I have personal experience with it. I'm thinking of maybe making a column-like article about it. 




 So I missed a few of these. Not because I was late but just because I have been way too busy the past few weeks. But hiiii! I probably failed my exam and I also handed in something that wasn't even looking like a scientific article.. I probably didn't pass the big course from the past two months :(

In other news, I have to write another article but this can be about anything as long as it's related to biology. Preferably something cool and easy to understand for everyone because this writing course is about writing to a larger public. For example news articles or news reports or interviews. I can't find a nice article :( I was maybe looking for something or someone important in the history of biology and trying to make a report about it because it is its anniversary but I can't really find anything. For example, Darwin's book On the Origin of Species was published 155 years ago in 10 days, but yeah.. I don't like the number 155 there. If it were 150, sure! Something like that, maybe someone has an idea? :) 




 Lewis and Hannah will either go on together really well or get completely frustrated :P 




 Yeah.. Maybe they can do something similar? Or let two others play it. 




 Pause and Coe.  




 Upvote text says "Indeed!" :D 





























 Not a FTB pack but I believe the Attack of the B-Team modpack is an evil scientist based pack. Maybe you can take a look at the mods on that list too. I am on mobile, otherwise I would provide you a link straight away 




 Something I really like over at r/mindcrack is that when someone is having their birthday later that week or the week after, they have a contest to design a banner for the subreddit and the winner gets a custom flair. :) Everyone can join these. Or maybe you can think of something similar. 




 Guude seems very busy with a lot of other series at the moment. He just started a few new series of other things so my guess is no. 




 And I'm sure it also always will be :) 




 Yet the French did a great job ending this terrible sequence of shootings and hostages. Things have finally come to an end now. 




 Infinity bow 




 Cactus anyone? 




 I hope he does, I miss his perspectives. 




 Pause doing some epic red shell dodging in the 3rd race! 




 I think it mainly was because there were 20 people on the server, all spread out loading chunks. Near the end, a few episodes before the finale, there were still quite some people but they were together mostly so the lag was lower. 




 I understand :) It is still quite impressive because you did this all in survival. My comment may have sounded a little harsh but I don't mean it that way. I was a little disappointed because I still did not see the finished build. 




 I don't know if ethereal blooms work here or just against taint. 




 I don't understand these kind of posts. First you show a plains biome where you're gonna build. Sure, but I don't really care where you build it, I wanna see the build! Then some pictures of while you were still building, and I like the materials you used. And then at last I still haven't seen the full build. Fly around, take a few screenshots of the finished build! Is this just me? 




 I had never heard of it. I made my first archmage's blood orb yesterday, was pretty exciting already :P Still fairly new to Blood Magic 




 Yes think so too. And they are all renewable :) Even lapis, through villager trading 




 I can recommend watching the Beecademy videos :) 




 T6? 




 No. Green dye is cactus green, brown dye is cocoa beans 




 Same for brown. You'd need cocoa beans. 




 I always love your art. Great work again! :D 




 You can maybe also watch nodded Minecraft let's plays together? That way she'll learn too and maybe get an idea of what she wants to do, and you can help her reach her goal. 




 What a cutie! :D Razzie is in good hands! 




 I understood "bae" when he showed the doll, but that's it. 




 Teach me! Every time I try to do homework and watch a video at the same time, I end up watching the video 




 Man this sounds like my dad. 




 You don't have to watch each and every single video put out by the Mindcrackers, that's impossible. Pick a few series/Mindcrackers you like and watch those :) Or pick a Mindcracker you don't know much about and try to watch one of their series? 




 Heh, sorry :) I had the normal one for a while but I accidentally took another flair on this account.. Really glad I got the picture back at least :P It's my 2014 mindcrack moment. 




 Its over at /r/mindcrack too :) I like it 




 I got the rare version of your flair :) 




 I think they have added everything they could come up with to 1.8, the bountiful update. They are out of features for the moment, probably working on new ones as we speak but we don't know yet? 




 What's wrong with it? 




 Make a deconstruction table. This breaks down items to their primal aspects and there is a chance of getting a research aspect each time. I recommend using wool or crafting tables, you'll see why.

Another thing you can do is to place bookshelves around your research table. This gives aspects in your research table a shiny thingy, which means you have one extra. So this does not generate infinite research points but it is really helpful. It gets back after some time and is useful if you're one short for completing a research in the table. :) 




 Yeah, although Chad did a great job too that day! Somehow he went to teams on the right moment :) 




 I rewatched #FTK UHC tonight and I enjoyed it as much as the first time. This whole rampage by Anderz and CaptainSparklez, damn! 




 I'm watching less and less series :( I watch vanilla episodes from Chad and Beef every now and then but not all of them, I watch Millbee's MK8 Road to 10,000 every now and then, I watch Gmod Prop Hunt and the group MK8 videos.. Used to watch way more series. Generik has some great series going at the moment, from what I've heard. I have yet to figure out :) 




 In a teams UHC though. Together with one or two of the Mario Matters, this could become hilarious 




 Oh my god, this one's amazing! XD 









 I think I read it on either one's Twitter. Would have to check later, it's 3am now so I'm off to bed. Happy new year ;) 




 No, the pack you're talking about is still WIP 




 Just a few hours left, leaving home for the night so happy new year to all! See you in 2015! 




 I think this is because /u/nWW just used the order of the comments in each nomination thread as answers to the poll, and the top nominations (which were upvoted the most) would logically get more votes on the polls too 




 True! :D Yay! 




 I love how sometimes half of our server instantly quit the game for about 10 minutes when the chat message would pop up. Mostly new people though but was fun to watch. "Nope!" *username left the game* 




 What if Nether regeneration was turned off... 




 No idea, but I believe there's still quite a lot of people around here with the original flair. At least.. at /r/mindcracktrade in the sidebar, #forthehorse is green, indicating 150 people have the flair. Don't know since when the last update to that sidebar was though. 




 Did you also watch Millbee's MK8 series in where he wants to get 10,000 player points? I really like that series. 




 First Christmas with my boyfriend since we both moved out of our parents' houses. Yesterday was great, brunch with my family, today we're with just the two of us (although he's now in bed with a fever and a headache) and tomorrow we're seeing his parents :)

Also, I'm really happy to be having my #forthehorse flair again! :D 




 The hive is also fun, I really like block party 




 Not being signed in on the trade site cost me a Team Shreeyam flair last night.. 




 Yeah this one went really fast 




 Wouldn't be that hard, if you still can't find people, go to 0,0. I like the idea though ;) and baj couldn't find people this season so who knows how long it would take 




 You should take a look at r/feedthebeastservers 




 I don't remember where but earlier today he's just back because of all the UHC comments from last night, with half of the subreddit being nice and the other half maybe less nice. He was the only mod awake in a certain timeframe so he helped out. As soon as the UHC reactions are calmed down again, he'll be gone again.

edit: yeah see /u/gil2455526's comment below 




 You have to click the twitter icon over at the /r/mindcrack sidebar. That links you to another hyperlink (instead of his twitter) which will lead you to the trade. The answer can always be found on /r/mindcrack, you don't have to go to another website. 




 Yay I got one! Pause's twitter 




 Was just too late for this one :( I found the icon but in the few seconds it took to load the page, the trade was already completed.. brb in 1 hour!

edit: got it!! 




 Yeah Doc's Twitch icon but I was too late already I think 




 Op meant uhc as a whole 




 Don't you mean Christmas Day 2013 for season 4's videos? 




 Go aqua! 




 Hehe, alright! Lol. It's a nice cap indeed :D 




 I can't help but ask myself if he put on the Mindcrack T-shirt and Docm77 cap for just this video or whether he wears this more often :P Sorry Doc xD Happy holidays to you too!! 




 Generik's S4 Mansion (that's 2014 right?) 




 Probably someone from Aqua gets killed in the Nether trap to see if they can get there :( After that Aqua will ask purple to come out to end this season with a fight. Aqua wins. 




 Yeah, it's what I do too. I've been running around my survival world with a stack of BLT's for weeks now and I still have plenty. I used to eat quite frequently but now I know I don't really need to. 




 You're back!! :D 




 Not sure but I think Delighted Meal is the best food item. I could be wrong. IIRC it heals 8 hunger bar thingies. 




 Team PWN, UHC S18 




 This is the first time I hear this and I have tears running down my face from laughter xD 




 I go with /u/warrantica's [banner](http://i.imgur.com/tayQXrz.png) (picked from /u/brighteyes890's post) 




 Ooh, as soon as I have finished what I have to do today, I'm gonna make work of this. Hope I can find things back though. 




 Next season should be season 20. 




 I hope they just step out of the nether and face team aqua instead of luring team aqua into the nether. Btc already regened to full health again, so did vechs. I hope Wednesday is the finale. 




 Make potions with what? They still don't have nether wart. There's not much left for them to do there.  




 You can probably do that with a strawpoll or something like that.

edit: Whoops saw JaxThePillow's comment right after I hit submit -_- 




 Yeah nWW just told me 




 Do you know the name of that flower? o.o 




 Oh, I totally missed that :( Sorry! 




 Brighteyes came back very soon though 




 The videos when doc was complaining about that IKEA delivery were hilarious. He ordered one shelf IIRC but got a complete kitchen delivered at his doorstep. I'm on my phone now so I don't have a link on me but it's from season 5 




 [Seriously?](http://i.gyazo.com/89e8b5dd96953a33a97e9c4446e8b96c.png) 




 I think I missed the tweet. What did it say?

Edit: found it, never mind. Been away for a few days 




 Holidaaaaays yaaaaay 




 Which is completely reasonable if you ask me. 




 Yeah for some reason I can't reach Twitter here. Someone blocked it once and I keep getting an SSL connection error, would be nice if I could still read the tweets :( 




 Doc and Mhykol both have 4 golden apples. Also, Millbee and Avidya carry one IIRC. But I see you're still at 80min mark? 




 I believe Avidya, Anderz and Millbee all carry 3 healing potions, not 3 potions in total. 




 Ah alright. I didn't know if there maybe was another village on the map that no one found yet. Also I'm a big dummie, I completely missed the part where Seth went right with his staircase as MC went left so they would go parallel and not out of Mumble range. I think it was MC's nametag I could see. 




  the Village

You mean the desert village Seth and MC visit too? I thought I could see a tiny nameplate in the distance in Seth's video but I didn't hear anyone. Will watch again and maybe edit for timestamp.. Also will watch Doc now. Brb.

edit: turned out to be MC's nametag. I somehow missed the part where they both took a turn in their staircase so they would dig parallel and not go out of Mumble range. [Here's](http://youtu.be/pdjH7Nba3-I?t=16m7s) a timestamp for anyone who's still interested, Seth looks at it two times but I'm pretty sure it's MC. 




 I really hope team Aqua meets up some more. I wanna see their reaction when they find out there are healing potions for everyone etcetera. Aqua is quite strong right now, even though Millbee/Anderz/Avidya all don't have a bow, but when team Aqua fully merges... How amazing would it be if they all meet up and kill Light Purple one by one :D 




 That creeper man! Could've been it! 




 Sethbling ninja'd that creeper. Oh my heart... 




 Alright, awesome. Then moving and/or rebuilding the portal really is his best option, considering he doesn't know the current portal in the overworld is broken. 




 I'm sorry this is 100% unrelated, but where has /u/tweetposter gone actually? 




 Germany rocking the charts lol. Doc seems to be doing ok :) 




 That would be very hard. It's in a cave and the Nether mumble range is quite big in the overworld. He could say he's at the portal but in the overworld, they'd have to scan quite a big area. Would be awesome if this works though! 




 Or just three diamonds to break down the original portal he just trapped. Does he actually still have flint and steel? I thought Jsano had it... 




 Would be amazing. 




 I thought they had multiple persons typing out the episode marks in case one of them would be in a fight, what happened to that? I know Guude typed them out too and he died pretty early, but don't they have any extra people who are willing to do that, in case Seth is in a fight at that moment? Chances are small, but anything can happen in UHC... 




 I never thought of this, it is possible. If the teammates have the tools to create a portal that is not close to the original one, it might be possible it generates a second, safe nether portal and they could give Vechs their Nether coords. Oh man :D 




 I hope he manages to do this. Finding three diamonds and moving the portal, that is. 
























 I'd rather have him play the games he likes to play than do some minecraft without really being interested in the game. 




 Haha alright, I will! Thanks :) 




 Can someone quickly tell what they did for the people who missed it? 



















 Barely any nowadays. I used to watch a stream from BTC or Chad every once in a while. If Generikb would start streaming minecraft again, I'd definitely watch. I enjoyed his AS streams :) 




 Yeah, that was it. I'm sorry I didn't have all facts right there, I was on my phone. 




 I think in UHC #FTK two battles between three teams followed up each other really quickly too. Anderz and Syndicate were still sorting out stuff from the previous battle when the next team arrived. 














 My favourite build is either Generiks mansion or the S4 nether hub. Favourite S5 build is Bdoubleo's house in the roofed forest :) 




 Id try to ask this over at r/feedthebeast, more people there who have (had) similar issues and because its a modpack in the ftb launcher you might have more luck there 




 That does sound like Generik, haha! 




 Generiks video is too short? :( 




 Happy birthday to you too then! :) 




 Happy birthday /u/millbee! :) And amazing banner, /u/warrantica! 




 He uploaded it at the time of my comment. The other TTT episode from millbee was from the 20th 




 [Here ya go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJiADGEpfsI) 




 [Millbee!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJiADGEpfsI) 




 Agreed! I love watching Potty Mouth's episodes :) They should definitely play more games together. 




 That's great! I tend to do this during the summer, just pick some series I couldn't keep up with during the year and then marathon those. There's a lot that I wanna watch by various mindcrackers but I just don't have time for it anymore. Can't wait till summer ;) 




 well I'm still not fully used to it, but I'm getting there. I can almost afford to go to bed around 1am again, lol. Slowly starting to fill up my evenings with fun stuff again so that's a good thing I think. 




 Had some chaotic weeks with personal issues. Started my internship a few weeks ago too so I've switched from 0hrs of work in a week to 40hrs of work in a week. Got loads of plans for the upcoming weeks though :) Gonna go out for 1hr bike rides every now and then just to get out on the move instead of sitting inside, gonna see Kingsman on Tuesday, gonna enter in my very first UHC on Wednesday with some people on a modded server I play on, celebrating three birthdays this weekend and have to work next weekend (money! finally!) so yeah. Being very busy, but in a good way :) 




 I'm seeing Kingsman next Tuesday so good to know :) 




 I think so too yeah. He has a bit more experience in UHC and even though he's nervous while he's on his own now, they can all help each other once they meet. 




 Have a nice weekend! 




 I hope Arkas meets up with the newcomers team. It sounds like they could use the 5th person the most, could make things interesting! They're not that far away from the stacked team Potty Mouth either. 




 Made me chuckle. 




 While Your Lips Are Still Red is definitely my favorite song by Nightwish. 




 But anderz almost always talks nether in UHC. I haven't seen many uhcs (joined around season 15 or 16, still planning on watching the earlier ones) but he pretty much always goes there and loves to rush it too. 




 Yeah same for me. Doesn't work well with an alarm at 6:30am on monday through friday.

edit: oh hey, didn't know you were a fellow Dutchie! :) 




 I can't, I already lost it once because I was stupid. :p Now I have the holidays edition and I'm definitely keeping it 




 "Oops, wrong world!" 




 BTC's never really been gone. It's just that most of his minecraft activity is streamed and not uploaded or saved as VOD. He's done quite a lot of work on the server, for example the guardian farm. 




 Oops sorry! Must have missed it :( Want me to delete it? (Or feel free to do so.) 









 Oh god.. I like the idea but I don't like risking my flair. :p 




 Doesn't show on mobile for me, but believe me, can't be missed when you're in a browser. :) 




 Definitely the team I'll be watching first every episode. Don't care if they win or lose, this is gonna be great! 




 Welcome back, I have really missed these! 




 I can't wait to watch these tonight! I'll be one day behind this whole season :( 




 Sorry to hear that. Good luck on getting a vanilla fish! 




 Heh, sorry. It's a bit early. That might do yeah, can be useful for creative mode. Stuff like toggledownfall, setting your gamemode, making it daytime.. 




 I like it but it has four very thin supports for such a house. Try making these a bit more interesting because it doesn't look right, even though the hills give it some support too. 




 Let them tame a cat or a dog. Maybe do a small fishing contest, not too long because it might get boring. Practice a bit in fighting off mobs, start with zombies. Practice bow shooting. 




 Not sure about command blocks for new people. I've been playing Minecraft for 3 years now I think and I know nothing about command blocks, let alone kids from 5-12 years old. 




 I'd say try it? 




 I don't know what's gonna happen exactly but I think Dordrecht will go back and NEC will rejoin the Eredivisie 




 I think that's because he records a lot of episodes at once and he gets burned out after a few. That's the point where he should just stop and record some more one or two days later. I don't think he's getting burnt out or bored, he seems to still enjoy the game. It's just loss of focus after recording multiple episodes in a row.

edit: spelling 




 Oh damn it. Now mine says 4/10 instead of 8/10 because I thought it went up to 5.. Oh well. 




 It has a Material Energy quest map feeling to it too. Really like it! :) 




 Haha, vind het er niet lelijk. Ik woon tegenwoordig in Nijmegen, dat is wel een mooie stad! 




 I haven't seen #145 yet! Damn, he made a lot of progress :o Will do as soon as I get home, same for #149. Good to see the DPT back :D 




 Absoluut. Ik heb ruim 20 jaar in Wijhe gewoond (ten zuiden van Zwolle) en heb ruim twee jaar in het IJsseldelta stadion gewerkt. Het is een mooie club :) 




 Zal nu wel officieel zijn. Ben er blij mee! 




 I used to think it could be his first name (Jason) but then shuffled (Jsano), until I found out his name was Jeff. 




 I have my ups and downs here. I have weeks where I keep checking this subreddit, interact with people etcetera but I can also let go if it pretty easily, especially in busy times. 




 Oh, lol! Haha. xD 




 The detail on the crafting table! Wow! 









 dadbee cheering after the first race really cheered me up :) Great episode from the guys! 




 Pattern chests keep their content upon breaking. 




 You can bone meal the flowers that are two blocks high and it'll give you more flowers. Did you know? 




 Ahh. I was thinking of a 3 person combo there, my fault. Or like Chad and Baj maybe.. Maybe? Probably just me.. 




 OMW? 




 Not really, though I think you can come quite far if you try to figure out the Mindcracker's regular upload times. Maybe ask this again on Sunday in the Weekly thread for small questions? :) 




 Even when you have a degree in 'normal programming', it can be hard to find a job later. I study bioinformatics which seems to be the future. People want you, you don't even have to look for an internship or job. Or well, maybe a little, but there's barely any competition going and there's a lot of work left. 




 I live in the Netherlands and I know it's been far worse in NY and surroundings. :P It's just that here, with just a tiny bit of snow, all trains stop riding.. 




 I started my graduation internship this week and I think I couldn't have started it worse than I did. On Monday, we got snow and I got stuck in public transport. After 1.5 hours of standing still in a train in the middle of nowhere, the damn train turned around and I had to travel along by bus. I got in 2 hours late on my first day.. Tuesday was fine. Wednesday I've spent the day at home in bed being sick. Thursday I felt better so I went back there, they told me to go back home to get better. And today I spent my time at home too, trying to get better. I still feel rubbish and I called off for work in the weekend. Bye money.. :P Hope I'm no longer tired and cold on Monday so I can get a new fresh start! 




 Sounds like a nice friday evening :) Enjoy your weekend! 




 Yay there it is! :D 




 Do you know anything about today's episode? :( I need my daily dose of Millbee's MK8 




 Jsano's is too! 




 MK8 is both 100% skill and 100% luck, I think. You can't win (or at least end up at a reasonable position) without either one of them. 




 Get a stack of poisonous potatoes and you can freely trade your raw potatoes for baked potatoes 




 Ooh Cauli! Which ones? :D 




 Wow I just now realised how much the guys have been streaming. This is just for one day? 




 That Arkas banner, oh my!! :D 




 Like Millbee said, it was a good banana throw though. I wouldn't expect it when I was just driving around and suddenly throws a banana right in front of me while I'm about to take on the ramp. 




 Am I the only one who is annoyed by Pyro not picking random? 




 I'd be in for a good laugh and go with Chad, Generikb and BdoubleO. I'd love to see them together! xD 




 Kurt's ear 




 Hope all is well. 




 "Man, I'm doing the worst. Turned my screen back off!" - Cracked me up lol! 




 Millbee's daily Mario Kart 8 series, by far. It's the only thing I watch regularly.

edit: spelling 




 I hope it will be a spoooky_ghost level prank like he did with Aurey's barn 




 I haven't really been keeping up lately (exams and deadlines), who has pranked Chad?

Edit: never mind, found my answer in the episode thread. Asked too soon. 




 You know.. There's already commentary to videos. You could easily recognize someone by their voice as well. 




 Plus they're from earlier streams. People who really wanted to see it have probably already seen it live :) 




 Nice stats, I would definitely try to watch that stream if he were to stream on a (for me) reasonable hour :) I've been following this series for so long now, I don't wanna miss the finale! 




 Thank you :) 




 Hey! This is quite funny. I'm also Dutch, I also had an interview today for an internship and I also got it! And after that, I also hope to graduate this summer! :D

Good luck on your internship in a few weeks and good luck on the remaining bits of your thesis! 




 Oh, alright. That's pretty awesome if you ask me :) 




 [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RnQBdB04F2Y) - **Guude** - Mario Kart 8 multiplayer: Guude steals not one but two stars from Coe! - First star at 5:10, second star at 12:28 




 Did he really only miss one day? I thought it was maybe 2 or 3 days spread over the past 2.5 months 




 True! :) 




 Oh man, just over a month left of this series in the current trend? I'm gonna miss it :( 




 They should do more of this "all random" when they pick the course, I agree with Millbee in that it adds a bit more excitement. 




 I don't know man, I got them from bags or found them around the map. I quit ME3 a while ago. 




 Hey, it's alright! You're doing great on them! :) 




 Happy birthday Anderz! And great work on the banner /u/aypreel ! 




 Good to hear you found something. 
























 My grandpa has had a near death experience and said there is a tunnel with light at the end. It fascinated me when I was younger and I would like to believe this. He was religious, I'm not. I like the idea of there being a good place after this. 




 Lions. 




 During a very important presentation or interview. 




 I really needed to get home from work a couple weeks ago. It was 11pm and the bus stop is shared with the local football stadium. Local football team had won the game with 6-1 that night so the bus was full of drunk men. One of them sat on me, claimed he had not seen me while his hands went into my coat. He was so heavy, I couldn't really do anything. One of the few sober people on that bus pulled him off me as soon as he saw what was actually going on. 




 Never looked at it that way. Thank *you!* :) 




 Travel with my parents and sister. 




 I once woke up in the middle of the night from a strange flickering orange light outside my window. I opened my curtains and saw the hedge connected to our house was on fire. I woke up my parents and sister. While my dad called the emergency line, my mum and I woke our neighbors. A couple lives have been saved that night, I don't know what would've happened if I did not wake up. 




 To a friend in the UK, just over a week ago.

Edit: forgot the why. He could use a lot of hugs :) 




 I use this username almost everywhere, people who know me can find me easily. No big deal, have nothing to hide. 




 You can also craft the drop of luck. That's what I've been doing. If you open the blue witchery book about the cauldron's recipes (Witches Brews) and hover over the ingredients for drop of luck, you'll see how much power you need for some of them. I don't know the total amount of power by heart but it's quite a lot so I skipped the cauldron recipe for drop of luck.. On our server, the crafting recipe in a normal workbench worked as well. Maybe try that :) 




 I didn't know, thanks :) 




 How is it monthly over a period of 12 days? Anyway, it's nice to see the top threads, in case you missed something :) 




 If one magic mod has in-game documentation, it has to be Witchery. There are now about 8 or 9 books. The mod adds a lot of small things that are fun or nifty, so you might lose yourself in all the possibilities. I know I don't have a goal yet to work towards, not sure what I wanna do first out of these 8-9 topics and what's considered end-game. I do know it's an awesome mod :) 




 Haha I know, I'm still waiting for Dries to prank me back too. I've "pranked" James with that deer (did you even see it/know I did that?) so I'm not expecting anything from him as he actually liked it XD Think you'll be the first to get to me. 




 I am reading this! 




 We had so much fun doing this yesterday evening. Cauli and I had been waiting for you to go to bed :P Was a very spontaneous prank, James caught us in your base on dynmap so he joined in. We came up with the idea only yesterday afternoon. Here are some more screenshots, taken by Cauli last night: [click!](http://imgur.com/xSqQMWC,vNhveHa,8KEMf90,njTVpl8,gyoknDD,DB8QsPC,3AnFF1T,m7PEwRm,6BKUNVn,j8b4eK9,bsMlMrh,feMcmnZ) 




 We have played this lucky block race map on a server I play on. It's great fun, can highly recommend it. Think I found what I'm gonna watch during my lunch break today :) 




 Who won? Or we don't know until the episodes are out? 




 Yeah this can work too, especially when you fill the autonomous activator with bone meal. It's much faster than the fruit picker and power-free. 




 MFR Fruit picker does the job :) Was designed for cocoa beans but it works with Pam's too! 




 Haha, oh my. It just had to hit him XD This sums up the Road to 10k series pretty well. 




 I will, thanks kind stranger :) 




 Haha, alright. Mate. Good night to you then in a bit ;-) Must be somewhere around 7pm for you right now? 




 Girl here, but np;-) 




 You let them fall into the top and you will get molten emeralds in the smeltery, similar to the other molten metals. Use a casting table without a cast to get the emeralds out. 




 This should still work IIRC 




 Had to think about that too. This is a dimensional rift then. 




 Amazing work with all the microblocks and carpenter's blocks! 




 Even though I didn't like the ending of season 19 (opinion!), I think BTC and Vechs did a great job there so I agree with you. 




 I didn't know these exist. TIL 




 Sounds like it might be possible then? Just give it no nearby space to teleport to. Solid walls of X blocks wide. 




 It's definitely before season 16 haha. I joined this community and started watching Mindcrack and UHC around season 16 and I don't remember anyone hiding blaze rods and nether wart from another team. 




 I've been seeing a couple posts about the Botania Gaia Guardian now and I've been wondering. Can you keep the Gaia Guardian inside a Blood Magic ritual of containment? Or will it teleport out of there too? 




 Which I was just trying to do. I had no idea cursed earth should keep spawning mobs despite magnum torches and now I learned. 




 You might be right. We'll see tonight! :) 




 TIL 




 Always preferred multiplayer. Found a nice community couple months ago at /r/feedthebeastservers, hope you can find one yourself too :) 




 Magnum torch around? 









 Places back the two stone blocks. "Thank you." 




 Okay, don't watch this while you're eating/drinking something because I almost spat it out again. This is hilarious, thanks for sharing! :) 




 Good job, you did it again! Keep up the work :) 




 He's been a Morton for quite a while actually. Then he was Toad for a while and now he's sticking to Bowser :) 




 Where is Playlisterbot? Anyway, I think most of my fav Millbee moments are in here. The "oh you need melons, I thought cocoa" and his old lady's cackle :) 




 When Pigs Fly. 




 Hehe, looks like I've miscounted after all :) Thanks again! I'll think of some moments for the 10K montage, I've suggested yesterday's blue shell. I was planning on rewatching some episodes anyway. 




 Add that forgetful (lagging) blue shell from yesterday too! Great moment together with the facecam. 




 Maybe put up a floor of glass all the way up a few blocks the max build heigth? 




 Yeah, I've found a great community to play with over there while I was looking for people to play with. I joined them over 4 months ago and it's only been fun and games :) 




 I think so too yeah, he's been doing great lately. I hope he will keep playing, perhaps with a new amount of points to achieve as the goal. 




 It's today's episode. [Reddit thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/mindcrack/comments/2yffon/mario_kart_8_the_road_to_10000_episode_171/) 




 Oh sorry :( Want me to edit the comment? 




 If I counted right, he made +68 progress in points this time, which is pretty good :) He's passed 9800! 




 And he's finally won Hyrule Circuit now! :) 




 Try /r/feedthebeastservers too :) (Didn't check if you already did so sorry if that's the case haha) 




 Hehe. I sometimes get to work here around 9am and there's videos from the night before that didn't get posted here yet. Not checking every day but there are these rare cases :) 




 Nice and simple :) 




 Is there no gravestone mod in TPPI? 




 Yep, charm of keeping is what you're looking for I think. 




 Probably it yeah. Especially when you travel through chunks really fast like with a hang glider while holding shift, or with a good jetpack. 




 Lots of chickens + vacuum hopper can give you a lot of eggs. But I don't know how long they last in a culinary generator when fried, let alone in a 64x generator. 




 I missed yesterday's post, so no biggie :) 




 Oh, that's very neat. TIL! 




 How would that work? 




 Yes, maybe even add a new row of generators to the second autonomous activator too. Setup seems stackable. 




 I like this idea, but you'd need an automated sugar cane farm and wheat farm that either needs to get a small kickstart to get going, or a nifty way to do it power-free. That's basically the biggest advantage of the setup in this post. 




 Steak might give more saturation (and therefore more power) than the cheese too. You just need an automated cow farm which maybe needs a little kickstart but it's self-maintaining afterwards. 




 I started watching mindcrack (and UHC) from season 16 til now so I have not seen many seasons. I liked season 17, the FFA, can recommend you to watch Nebris' POV. I also enjoyed season 18, especially Chad's and Pause's perspectives. 




 That's possible, I don't know. I did another UHC last monday (two days ago) and at last we found 4 diamonds, just one short (diamond pick + 2 for the table) but I decided to make the pick and grab the obsidian because there was lava nearby. Found more diamonds behind the obsidian, was amazingly lucky :) 




 I gotta learn to read. I think I read kill instead of win.. 




 Congrats, proficiat :-) 




 Congrats on becoming a moderator :) 




 Oh, sucks to hear. I didn't try it yet. 




 really small world :') I remember someone crashing upon reaching the island too. Was either glitter or Rious. And happy cake day jolli :) 




 Thanks :) It's just the word "avenged" that I totally misunderstood. I think I read "revenged" this morning. 




 I was wondering too, thanks for the answer :) 




 Ah. Avenged. English is not my first language so I figured I had missed something there. Guess I did, I get it now ;) My comment makes no sense at all lol 




 Thanks for all the recaps! I enjoy them every season. See you next season! 




 I want this to be a team next season. 




 I must have missed something. What did he do? 




 I thought Nancy Drew had killed Pak? What do you mean? 




 Yup, I am absolutely rooting for an ending like this! 




 Oh awesome :) Must have missed that.  




 Just that simple search bar in the Thaumonomicon. Finally! 




 Cute sheep :) Millbee's getting really close to the 10k now.. Just 11 more estimated episodes left. Gonna miss this series! 




 The sound in most of Generik's intros, the heeeheheheheee.. He used it as a donation/subscription sound on twitch too during the AS streams of last summer.

edit: now that I'm thinking a bit longer.. Pyro's "GAME THEORY!" would be nice too! 




 This might cost them something. I don't remember if beef got some arrows later on but he might be fighting leftovers and keyboard smash without arrows. 




 Yes but that still means he can do an awful lot of damage 




 To be really honest, I think it would be amazing if newcomers can just sneak into the portal while the other teams are still fighting out there. Also Chad should make a brand new bow and let someone combine bows with the rubbish one he has now..

Crazy episode this was. Lot of circling around each other and following each other into and out it the nether, all going from that one portal back to 0,0.. Damn! Can't wait til Monday! 




 Death 




 No I died shortly after. 




 I honestly only just understood this post after I saw this. 




 They're definitely there though. I was doing a UHC yesterday evening with a couple friends and the first chest I opened in the nether contained 4 obsidian and a gold ingot. 




 I remember I was cheering in my chair. Chad did an amazing job there and had a lot of bad luck running into a team shortly after. 




 Agreed! Anyone can win this. I expect death in the next episode though. Just not sure which teams will clash and who will die. 




 This UHC can end up anywhere. They all have a chance to win as long as they play it right. Everyone is stacked, indeed. Can't wait for Saturday! 




 In Italy there's a mushroom called a "porcini", which sounds like pork because of the fleshy-ish texture. 




 I honestly wonder whether Baj saw them too, indeed. It was just a quick scan around the area for him and he didn't mention seeing Nebris and Vechs, even though they were clearly there. 




 If Kurt didn't title his episode "Lone Wolf", my heart would've been racing just 3 minutes in. That first dirt block Arkas had mined scared the crap out of me :P Poor Kurt and Doc wasted a golden apple and a health potion on him. Good thing they have more than enough spare. 




 Great work! 




 They saw Baj sneak away, been mentioned a few times in this thread. I think they'll be fine and it can get very interesting in the overworld since Nancy Drew, Leftovers and this team will all three be relatively close to each other. 




 happy cake day! (at least for me, it just turned the 27th here) 




 Hehe awesome. What a coincidence that Chad and Arkas ran into each other :) 
























