 No Goblin Techies though :( 




 To preface this, I have no problem with foreigners queuing for US servers if they can speak English. But if you can't speak English, you shouldn't be allowed to queue for US servers. Because once again I'm playing ranked captain's draft tonight and all but one of my teammates speaks English, and guess which one immediately steals captain? Yep. And then proceeds to pick a team that none of us want, and go 0-20 intentionally feeding the entire time while buying couriers and sending them into the enemy. 

Something needs to be done. Reporting doesn't do anything permanent, they'll be back in ranked doing it again in 5 games. An idea I saw in some other thread was a kind of flag where if a person is queuing for US servers but can't speak English, you get enough people to flag them and they can't queue for US servers any more. I fully support this idea. In a team-based game such as DOTA you really do need all 5 people being able to communicate and work together. I've met more than my fair share of Russians, Hispanics, Germans, etc. who come to US servers simply to troll and ruin games for us. And if people try to flag English speakers, whether they're trolling or butthurt or for whatever reason, I'm sure it wouldn't be hard to ask a few basic English questions to prove you can read/speak/write it.

What if reddit designed some sort of petition and submitted it to Valve? Or something. We talk all day about wanting something done, would it be possible to actually get the ball rolling here and try to get this fixed? This isn't just another circle jerk complaint thread, but if anyone is actually interested in coming up with a solution and trying to get it implemented I'm fully for it and will support in any way I can.

 









 Randomly three hours ago I went from being able to play fine to having a good two second lag in everything in the entire game. I usually queue for US East/West servers, but even tried a Europe East/West one and it was the exact same. Nothing changed on my computer, and nobody else is using my internet.

Anyone else experiencing horrid lag tonight? 




 [Happened when I was eight or so. My father watched it all happen and I think he fell over laughing. It still cracks him up to this day.](/spoiler) 




 Also if anyone has links to articles explaining what's going on over there like I'm five, that would be much appreciated. I've tried to read some things but honestly it just confuses me. 




 Ladies only please - christhegecko 




 Just found this subreddit and was curious as to what the world thinks of meh. 

* Selfie: http://imgur.com/a/B3HGD#0

* Face selfie: http://imgur.com/a/B3HGD#1

* Shirtless: http://imgur.com/a/B3HGD#2

* This is probably the best recent higher quality picture I have of myself, from a few weeks ago before I got my eyebrow pierced: http://imgur.com/a/B3HGD#3 




 I'm considering a career in Audio Engineering to help my electronic music production passion and was wondering if there were any on here that would be able to give me a quick run down on what you actually do and can do with the information and degree earned from a major in Audio Engineering. 

I don't know if this is related, but if I want to work with speakers and setting up audio/visual music and light shows and etc., what would that be? 

Thanks guys. 

















































 A couple friends and I were thinking about starting a business down the road, and one of the things I was thinking I could help out with was marketing for it, but really have no idea what it's like. 

What are the kinds of classes that go along with that major?

What kind of job work would I be doing in the future? If this would vary from company to company, is there any kind of guideline or across the board generalization of it?

Is the job market good for people with this degree? As in is someone with this degree a sought after person for companies and businesses?

If our idea falls through, is this degree something I'll be able to fall back on in the future? 

These questions may be kind of vague, and I apologize if they are, but any help at all is much appreciated :) 














 Basically I'm wondering how you get started doing art like this: http://i.imgur.com/syuRD.jpg or http://www.weepeeple.com/images/i-sleep-only.jpg or http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/9/94/Www_y23_com--fractal----Lg_Z010121Z.jpg.

What programs do you need, any beginners guides, etc. Any and all help is appreciated :) 





























 [Blue Oyster Cult - I'm Burnin' For You](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTvbXMRMnHo)

[Fine Cut Bodies - Beaver Blink (Ooah remix)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGyJbMCfjRU)

[Pink Floyd - Another Brick In The Wall](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iU2-r_0CtIo)

[DJ Q - Sound of Violence(2 step)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJnCBJ9WUSc)

[Blink-182 - Up All Night](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRB4pykTjGg) 





























 I'm not going for the mega millions or anything like that, mostly what I'm interested in is playing scratch offs to win a couple hundred or thousand dollars. I was thinking about just buying a few cards a week, probably the $1 or $2 cards, but I have no idea which cards give the highest chance of winning or if there is a specific strategy or anything. I did some googling but it all was really confusing. 

If anyone has any tips or tricks that they could share it would be greatly appreciated! Thanks in advance. 









 Me and some friends are debating on whether or not to drive to Chicago this weekend for Skream and Benga, and I was wondering what their shows have been like recently? I remember a video from not too long ago of people complaining they were starting to play "brostep" at their shows and was curious if it would be worth it still. Are they playing tunes from their early days where each set was an absolute banger or are they playing mostly their new stuff which I personally am not too big a fan of? Thanks in advance.

edit: [This](http://www.clubtix.com/images/event/full/1601_image_1.jpg) is the event page and line-up for the night, we're all mostly going for Feed Me but wanted to know if Skream and Benga would be worth the trip too.  














 It starts at around 1 hour 5 minutes in, right before the scene where they tie up their neighbor and make off with the van with the traffic warden inside.

It sounds like a bass guitar riff, but I'm wondering if it's just that or if its a part of a greater song? Any help is greatly appreciated. 









 Chest hair, leg hair, back hair...is it a turn-off? Or maybe a turn-on? Do you find it attractive or unattractive?  














 http://imgur.com/a/VDFaq

It's clear at the moment, but the more you smoke it it will turn blue. In case you can't tell, the thing on top is a gecko.  









 Couple sample songs I found that describe perfectly what I'm looking for: 
[Ed Solo   Deekline - Ghost Town](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHh3_AaRALw)
and
[Ed Solo   Deekline - Ragga Tip (Walk And Skank)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9ntK6618Qs)

Thank you in advance!

 









 Or were some of them legitimate websites? Wondering because I noticed they were all gone and I have hopefully saved up enough money for a nice new bong but none of the helpful links are there ): 

Or does anyone know a website that would be good for ordering various smoking devices? Thanks in advance! 



















 Basically it was Friday, their last day of school before winter break. She's 16 and she left after 2nd bell to go to a friend's house and get drunk. She was expecting to be back to school in time to catch the bus, but ended up getting really sick and got into an argument with her mom about not being home, resulting in her mom telling her NOT to come home, and that she doesn't want to "see her face again". So she stayed overnight at this friend's house, and went to another friend's house the next day to stay. Her parents are divorced, and apparently right now she is en route to her dad's while her mom is talking to the police about "pressing charges" for truancy and being a runaway.

What I'm wondering is, what are the possible outcomes? If you're a runaway, I believe the police just take you back home right? If you're a truant, if all they do is hear about it, and don't catch you in the act, I'm assuming the only thing they will do is tell the school and let the school handle it, correct? And her mom currently doesn't know she was out drinking, but apparently an ex-boyfriend who heard about all this is spilling the beans to her mom and may tell her, so if the police find out about underage drinking what would result of that? And is the friend she drank with and stayed with, who is about to turn 18, in any danger of punishment? 

Any help is very appreciated. 












































 I've sort of been having a problem with my new girlfriend. We've had sex a few times now, and a couple times I'm able to go for 15-20 minutes, but then others I blow within 2 or 3. Is this normal? People always try to brag like they've gone for hours on end, but I feel like that isn't the truth and its a subject most of us don't want to face. 


































 Mine would be the yell Eminem does in "Just Lose It", for the lols. 




 Mt. Washington here :) 




 Mine personally was through rage comics and hearing about f7u12.  



















 Here is the link: http://www.whitehouse.gov/ondcp/marijuana

Some things I would like to point out to potential readers: 

"In 2009, marijuana was involved in 376,000 emergency department visits nationwide." Check the link, our own government doesn't even know how to properly site sources. The link doesn't even mention the word Marijuana anywhere in it. "Drug related" does not mean strictly marijuana. 

"And the science, though still evolving in terms of long-term consequences of marijuana use, is clear: marijuana use is associated with addiction, respiratory and mental illness, poor motor performance, and cognitive impairment, among other negative effects." Their source on this one is valid. However http://www.erowid.org/plants/cannabis/cannabis_myth9.shtml has legitimate research stating otherwise. An interesting thing I've noticed: the government always quotes "science" or "scientists". They have their funded websites saying everything the drug does to you and how it works and how bad it is. But in textbooks and every pro-marijuana website out there, actual college studies and experiments are sited. Ones that result in favor of the pro-marijuana side. Just thought that was funny, that even though the "science" favors one side, actual real-life tests with real-life humans prove otherwise. I encourage you to read the other 13 myths they bust. They site every study and source too. 

"Furthermore, the Administration opposes drug legalization.  Legalization threatens public health by increasing availability of drugs and undermining prevention activities." Alcohol is legal. Nicotine is legal. Nicotine is a drug. Alcohol is a drug. It is possible to overdose on alcohol, and it happens every day, and impossible to overdose on marijuana. Millions of people die each year from these two drugs that are perfectly legal to consume if you are of age. I'm not saying there are no marijuana related deaths, but if the government tries to say they oppose drug legalization, they can not turn a blind eye to the things that kill Americans every day. Potentially fatal drugs are even prescribed to people; drugs like Vicodin, Percocet or Morphine. 

Does anyone else see this as an outrage or is it just me? The government and anti-drug agencies endorse half-truths and force opinions based on pure bullshit or skewed facts. 

Maybe this is just a rant from a sad ent, but I would love to see the day when people told the facts. Even if it meant their position was compromised. The fact that it was only a click or two away from our petition is what really frazzled me. 

I will support the petition wholly, and I hope all you fellow ents will do the same. Marijuana will be legal, or at least decriminalized, some day. I'm awaiting it eagerly :)

TL;DR: Mad ent rants about government's stance on marijuana. 














 Something along these lines: At a set time during the day, but not too often to make it annoying, have the image of a small bug slowly walk across the screen and see how many people you can trick into thinking its a real bug.

Not the coolest idea ever, I know, but maybe we can have some fun with this topic for potential April Fool's Day gags?  












































 Treestrees is saying shop closed, is there anywhere else anyone knows of? 



































































































 First I'm all like [this](http://imgur.com/yXTjw).
Then I turn on the music and I'm all like [this](http://imgur.com/cWHKq). 

















































 At least we're not Cleveland.  





























  He was trapped in the worlds own "North American Champions League". NaCl.

My sides. 




 r/dota2 apparently doesn't have a sense of humor. 




 And actually it completely counts. If that had been ranked, you would have lost MMR because of that game. And intentional feeders are far more prevalent in lower "trenches" than above 4 or 5k. 

If I play 10 games in a day in the high 2k/low 3k bracket, it's almost a 100% chance that I will lose 1 or more games due to a feeder, whether it be intentional from the start or feeding from lack of skill, effort or giving up for a multitude of different reasons.

And to take a lighthearted jab at you in jest, I've won games with an intentional feeder on my team. If you're so good, why couldn't you? Just saying. 




 I don't think people above 4k actually realize how the 2k bracket works.

If you're playing a carry and you're farming, 70% of the time you will be flamed for not participating in the minute 10 team fights your team is stupidly engaging in, 50% of the time resulting in a teammate giving up and playing even worse.

If you're playing mid and you don't gank side lanes immediately upon hitting level 6, especially if a sidelaner dies once, 60% of the time you will be flamed and that member will give up.

If you're supporting and your carry dies you get flamed, even if its a 2v3 engagement and it was his stupidity that got him killed, and he gives up.

From what I've read, yes this happens above 4 and 5k, but it happens FAR more often in lower "trenches". I would actually bet money and highly doubt a 5k could take my account and win 10 games in a row just based on the fact that if you don't play like your teammates think you should, they give up and it basically becomes 4v6 or even worse 3v7, because the member(s) that stopped trying are essentially dead weight and benefiting the opposing team more than your own. 

 




 You're fine. What is your MMR, just curious?

Also dotabuff for that game, because it's easy to lie over the internet ;) 




 * http://i.imgur.com/0yhhlXx.jpg

* http://i.imgur.com/3fTaDH8.jpg

Graduated in 2012. I can't find the source, but IIRC we were ranked #36 in the country in academic level for public high schools. We were the #1 high school, both private and public, in Ohio.

To graduate with Honors you had to meet 7 out of 8 requirements. The only requirement that I didn't meet was GPA. Examples of other requirements were a passing grade in Physics AA or higher (passed AA with a D) and Calculus AA or higher (passed AA with a D), and certain amounts of other credits (for example I took Photography and Digital Imaging for an extra Fine Arts credit).

I found out three days before graduation that I was graduating. And with Honors! My senior year I was less than 10 recorded absences away from failing the entire year. 

 




 Just tried to find a match for the first time today, spent 10 minutes looking for a server.

Are they fucked again? 




 I bet you play on US East. 




 Yeah it's either AJ or Whitworth, as said below. But neither of them really have any misconceptions. 

Honorable mention to Kevin Huber, top 3 punter in the league. 




 Reply to this comment so I see it 




 Do it then. 1 person doesn't win a game. If so, if you calibrated to 3k then you would win every single match until you got back up to whatever MMR you are now.

Do it if you're so confident.  




 I'm already the best person on my team every game. And in most games, the whole lobby.  




 I played as Sniper with a pocket Omni yesterday. It was essentially 3v5 because the Slark fed and Huskar got butthurt that Omni prioritized me over him (Huskar was pretty garbage) and spent the rest of the game afk farming instead of helping team fight. 

We actually would have completely won if Huskar hadn't have given up. DP pops ult, Husk and I both ult her, dead DP, no push. They had one or two lanes of racks at 30 minutes, and me and pocket Omni were staving off their final pushes every time, but as I was maybe 500 gold from a Rapier (which probably could have won us the game) I finally died, had to buy back and they took the final racks. Sniper and SF are both incredibly overpowered right now.

http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1320883650 




 My volume was up much too high for that.

RIP ears. 




  they must be doing something else better than you that allows them to win games and get to that MMR.

Yeah their team probably carried them to their wins. I'm at 3k and I'm consistently top 2 best players in the lobby. The ONLY thing that keeps me from winning every game is the rest of my team. If I'm mid, my side lanes feed. If I don't play mid, the mid loses and their SF goes 18-0 and we lose in 28 minutes (and before you say you should have ganked the SF, I try to. If the mid sucks, it's incredibly difficult to execute a proper gank). Couple that with people in 3k still thinking if you're mid you should be ganking at 4 minutes and "wtf why would I gank mid that's your job", and you can see the issue.

I've analyzed plenty of my own replays, and while yes there are mistakes that I make, very few of them are game-changing in any way. 

I'm not sitting here saying I'm perfect, but MMR is not an accurate representation of skill in any way. If it were, it wouldn't be a static +/- 25 based solely on win/loss. It would be based on player performance. 1 person can't win a game every time. Yeah you can snowball and give your team the best possible odds, but 1 person will not consistently win a team-based game.  




  If you're on the same team with them (and at similar MMR), it's likely you're also "legit clueless"

That's actually completely not true. It took me 10 minutes to explain to a South American yesterday that certain abilities (in this instance Culling Blade and aghs Laguna Blade) pierce spell immunity. And I'm at 3k. Or the stupid amounts of MoM Slarks I see every other day.

I've lost every game since calibration on this account (roughly three weeks of playing) that I don't play mid. It's obvious at the end of the game that I'm the best player, I have the best gpm, xpm, KDA, etc. regardless of win or loss. So I need to be in a core role, because a good core carrying shit supports will win games way more often than a good support supporting shit carries. 

 It's likely that person you think is clueless does something well that you do poorly.

Yeah, feeding. 




 I'm still hoping Zim comes back to us. 




 Can confirm. Completely blew off high school, graduated with a 2.2 GPA and Honors status from one of the top 50 public high schools in the country.  




 DIET Mountain Dew? That shit is disgusting. 




 Single player games tend to bore the hell out of me, so if I want to have any semblance of fun playing a video game it has to be multiplayer. Call of Duty used to be my crack, but it's since gotten boring. I've logged more hours on Dota 2 than I'm proud to admit, and I'm being completely honest when I say this, the only thing that makes me stop playing this game is the fucking South Americans. I'd been playing for basically the past 12 hours, with a couple breaks to eat and watch a couple episodes of something, and I just closed Dota because I lost 50 mmr because of fucking South Americans.

The game is beautiful. The players are the worst thing in the entire world. I keep coming back because I love the teamwork aspect and all of the crazy mechanics, and keep getting turned completely away because of third worlders. This game would be perfect without a toxic community (South Americans). 




 .papyrus 




 ITT: No Bengals flair because we have no idea who our best player is.

 




 I attended the Hall of Fame Football Camp one summer during high school and met Anthony Munoz. Awesome guy, fun camp. Was a great thing to be a part of. 




 There are 5 posts almost in a row about people signing to or expected to become a member of the Bills.

When did the Bills become a destination for anyone? 




 Get out of bed is a cheap answer and I'll not let someone take top comment karma for it.

:) 




 My elementary school used E, S, U and some other letter. Maybe N or X.

Excellent, Satisfactory, Unsatisfactory, and I never actually got the 4th one so I don't remember what it stood for but it wasn't good.  




 This is what's getting upvoted in this sub these days? Christ it's gone downhill. 




 Servers have been shit since September. Valve isn't gonna fix it because even though people will complain about it, they won't stop playing. 




 The point is that money is used by ultra-wealthy individuals and corporations/organizations to influence political legislature. And that's not okay, considering the politicians are supposed to be acting in the interest of the masses, not just the 1%.

It boils down to if you were a senator or congressman, who would you support? Ten million people who gave you nothing, or one person who gave you ten million? This is a capitalist society where money rules everything. And it's fucked up. 




 Actually it puts them 14th in 2014.

https://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/list.php?cycle=2014 




 That was just one example because the Koch Brothers were the topic of discussion. I disagree with all money in politics. 




 The Koch Brothers contributed over $10 million to political campaigns in 2014 alone. Yeah, they're pulling a lot of strings. 




 The most harmful thing about marijuana is being caught with it by any type of authority that doesn't allow it.

Other than that, it's safer for you than alcohol in the sense that too much alcohol has the potential to make you extremely sick or dead, whereas if you smoke too much weed you'll eat an entire box of Pop Tarts and fall asleep on your couch watching That 70's Show. 




 When I was barely a week or two old, my psychotic aunt took fingernail clippers to my nails thinking she was doing my mom a favor. From what I heard, all 10 of my fingers were bleeding by the end of it, and to this day I have a fingernail chewing compulsion to where my fingernails are never longer than my actual finger.

This made me cringe. Well done. 




 It'll be either Seahawks/Steelers or Patriots/Eagles imo. 




 [Emalkay - Fabrication](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ip79C4glyA)

[Cheeky D - Everything Is Under Control (ReepR Remix)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJp-bNSTplE)

[Cookie Monsta - Bliss](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RLDrlqNRBY)

[Krome and Time - The License (Doctor P Remix)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYZwf6UmhjM)

[NiT GriT - Malfunction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgZEDwLw0Z4) 




 Bro-step 




 We now go live to Ollie Williams with the blackie weather report. Ollie?

*IT'S RAININ' SIDEWAYS* 




 Don't we always have a ton of cap space to work with, but the front office just doesn't utilize it well? We're never the team making big moves. 

Yeah we just signed AJ Hawk, but even though he's a recognizable name, it's not like he's top 5, or really even 10, at his position. 




 The Colts have won the AFC South all but 4 times since '02.

In 5 years, that number will be 5 at highest. 




 For only 2 years though? And he's getting up there in age. 

I'm surprised I had to scroll this far to see a Bengals flair though. Initially I thought we would be one of the front-runners for him, but hopefully we're looking to grab someone younger. 




 We know what we're doing (by we I mean the Bengals organization, *not* the fanbase), we're putting faith in him. Whether or not that's the right decision will be figured out in the next few seasons. I'm always one of the first to criticize Dalton but he's led the Bengals to the playoffs more in 4 years than Carson Palmer did in 7, with comparable weapons.

Cutler's been around since '06, Dalton only since '11. 

You also have Tannehill in Tier 6 even though he's started 3 seasons and hasn't seen playoffs once. 

Not trying to nitpick super hard, but just saying.  




  Tier 6 (We go to the playoffs with this guy)

Considering Dalton's led us to the playoffs 4 years in a row, even though we didn't make it past the first round he should still be Tier 6. This year's loss wasn't his fault, we were missing our first 3 or 4 string WRs. 




 FUCK YOU I WON'T DO WHAT YOU TELL ME 




 336,072 




 Best against Medusa though. 




 I love to lane against Kunkka as Nyx. Even though the Carapace cooldown is longer than Tidebringer, if you get your timings right you're in for a lane of lols. 




 I completely lost it at that point. +1 




 Hello! I'll be in Las Vegas this coming week for the first time and love beer. Suggestions?  




 Troll a problem in team fights? Pick Omni.

Troll a problem for split pushing? TP 2 heroes to tower and kill him/counterpush.

He's not broken. 




 Lydia is a fucking bitch. 




 3k. Nothing spectacular. But the second I get BoTs, whether it's early or late, I turn my focus to getting kills. Even TP'ing in at the last second to get a rocket kill is a huge boost for your team.

It seems to me at least that tinker isn't just a solo hero any more, he does rely on the team around him. I don't think that makes him bad, it just reduces the stomp factor. 




 Valve would probably do this. 




  if someone ganks you before travels and take your stack, you've almost lost the game singlehandedly for your team as you're now a liability during his most effective window, he falls off a lot, and to catch up you have to vacuum your carry's farm.

That's true for almost any traditional mid hero. Gank the sniper, gank the viper, gank the zeus, gank the storm, etc. Just because there are ways to counter him doesn't mean he's bad.

Maxing Q/W in lane is extremely strong against most heroes. I've gotten more kills then I can count because of a rocket to drop them a tad, wait for it to come off CD (this works best against mids that don't run bottles), laser, rocket, rearm, rocket. It's definitely not as easy as it was before, but in my personal opinion he isn't bad. 




 Tinker just relies on a team moreso now than he did before. He's also not supposed to be a carry, he's a core. There's a difference. March spam defending T3's is still not something to be underestimated.

I'm 12-4 in my last 16 games as tinker. Granted, this is on my smurf account so many of the games were against lower skilled players, but really he's not fundamentally different from a Viper mid. Viper falls off late game, but it's his participation in the 2-3 hero ganks/skirmishes in the 15-30 minute range that can give your team an advantage. The way I played him, I would almost stop farming creeps altogether and consistently solo kill the heroes I was able to. This frees up farm for our hard carry, gives me ~400 gpm if I get two kills a minute (which shouldn't be hard unless you're losing or the enemy team picked a lineup that groups up early mid game and pushes), and sets the opposing team back on farm and levels because I'm constantly killing 2 of them.  

Tinker was almost always weak late game. BKB completely countered him. He's a hero now that can still stomp in the hands of a skilled player, but not everyone can pick him and win a game solo. He was overpowered before the eblade/march nerfs, but I actually think he's balanced now.  




 It takes a lot more skill to be a dominating tinker after the march nerf than before. While that doesn't necessarily change pro play as much, it destroyed him in pubs. 




 My winrate as tinker is higher than any hero. He's not a bad and weak pick, but these days you can't take over a game like you used to be able to. I would go something like 30-2 in a 40 minute game before the eblade/march nerf because I had BoT, SR, Blink, Dagon1, Bottle before 20 minutes from ancient stacks and that's enough burst damage to fuck almost anyone over anywhere on the map at that time. I would just pick off supports for the next 5 minutes, get my eblade or Dagon5 and then I was near unstoppable.

You can't easily do that any more, so tinker is less of a mid-game dominator and relies more on his team for assistance. It doesn't make him bad, it just makes him less of a snowball hero.

 




 The age of dagon/eblade ended with the nerf to march and eblade. Don't remember exactly what patch that was though.

Although I still play it occasionally. The projectile on eblade wasn't even a huge nerf, you can still 100-0 someone if you just blink on top of them, eblade and light them the fuck up, depending on the hero of course.  




 This needs to be answered. 




 We need the best DE available imo.  




 Did anyone else think that said RTZ and got extremely confused? 




 [Bengals over Broncos 23-10 Monday Night Oct 25th 2004](http://www.pro-football-reference.com/boxscores/200410250cin.htm) 




 Andy Dalton 




 Bengals have 2 SB appearances plz edit 




 Jeremy Hill. The guy only started maybe half the games last year but put up really big numbers for a rookie. If all of Cincinnati's offensive weapons stay healthy, he could get a lot of room to work with and put up even bigger numbers. 




 They've been the Redskins since the 30's, if I'm correct. Nobody said a word about it before last year.

It's not even an issue, it's just people causing drama to cause drama. 




 Why not? 




 But not doing any serious damage you know. 




 See you in a month. 




 I've never tried it. Do you Dc and then leave game? Or is that option not even there? 




 Because DotA servers are currently really shit. Especially the US ones. 




 I used to play CM carry when I first started out. Tranqs, Dagon, RoA, BKB, Blink, Eblade/Veil. Shit was disgusting. 




 Use bear as distraction...new meta 




  People in this MMR do not have trouble farming adequately

At almost 3k? Oh yes they do. Not all, but a very generous percentage stop cs'ing as soon as 15 minutes hits. It's not uncommon at all to see a 40 minute game end with only 2 heroes above the 150 cs mark.

 




 [Top lols](http://i.minus.com/iSRBcJtdLyQxr.gif) 




 valve plz 




 Lol it wasn't someone in the game, the servers just choked on a massive dick for everyone. 




 Blink, TP scroll/BoTs, Force Staff.

I'm saying Force Staff because positioning is key throughout any stage of the game, especially post late game when items don't necessarily matter as much and it all depends all team play. 




 I play the game because I like playing the game. The items are cool, but since they provide nothing other than cosmetic value and no advantage for my hero mechanically, I'm not butthurt that I'm not getting any.

And you shouldn't be either, considering it's completely free to play. 




  What if players **had** to vote

No. It should be optional. 

 




 First punter in post season history to throw a TD pass? Is that really true? 




 First punter in post season history to throw a TD pass? Is that really true? 




 Commence breaking of reddit. 




 Woah, this thread is making reddit implode harder than Wilson. 




 Just got to this game thread. The fuck is happening out there? 




 What song is this? 




 Since nobody mentioned it: Gladiator 




 Don't forget Poorly Drawn Lines! 




 We need another solid CB to replace Newman. Dennard is looking promising, but another definitely wouldn't hurt. 




 Uh, he just finished his 4th year and still hasn't fixed his overthrowing problem. That's a pretty big deal.  




 This wasn't on Andy. We were missing 5/6 of our top receivers for this game. This game came down to Marvin Lewis proving once again he's incapable of winning big games, and also our D Line not being able to pressure Andrew Luck, resulting in the Colts offense to execute whatever they wanted. Andy didn't play spectacular, but this loss isn't on him. 




 It isn't all his fault. Yes he overthrows, that's the only consistent thing he's done in 4 years, but we were also missing 5 of our receivers. This game came down to the coaching staff, 90% Marvin Lewis, once again proving they are incapable of winning big games and our defensive line not being able to put any pressure on Luck, which allowed their offense to basically do whatever they wanted. I'd say this loss was only 20% Andy's fault. 









 Their win just made our playoff chances easier. While I'm not one to root for the Steelers in almost all situations, the win did us a favor if you look at playoff implications over the next two games of the season. 

Do I think we CAN win both games? Yes I do. We have the tools and we have the talent to pull out the wins. Do I realistically think we WILL? No. It will be a pleasant surprise if we do, but the coaching staff just isn't good enough. Look at this year's primetime games and games against top teams. We get behind early due to lack of preparation, abandon the run, and rely on the under pressure side of Dalton's passing to get us back into the game. And then we get stomped to the tune of 43-17 (Patriots Sunday Night), 27-0 (Colts), 42-21 (Steelers), 24-3 (Browns on Thursday Night) because he is not the elite quarterback that wins you games.

If we lose both games and still make the playoffs, you have the Steelers to thank. Just saying. 




 This game was atrocious. The ONLY good thing about this game was Marvin's call in the last 30 seconds that saved us from losing. Everything else was an absolute shit show.

Dalton showed us once again how much he can choke. Our defense, albeit being quite talented, missed multiple tackles and interceptions that ended up leading to big plays for TB. The offensive playcalling was better, but we fell into the same trap at the end where we were extremely predictable. There were also many stupid and unnecessary penalties, though the ones on Green and Newman were definitely questionable. 

We did not win because we were the better team. We won because we got lucky that Tampa Bay shot themselves in the foot harder than we did. If there is anything to take from this game, it's that the Bengals are still the same inconsistent team that can squeak out victories against sub-par teams and get stomped by good ones (Patriots, Colts).

I will be genuinely surprised if we don't end up 8-7-1. 




 These teams prioritized drafts that were aggressive early and had the main priority of taking down towers while simultaneously being good at defending their own. Their mindset was to get an advantage before their opponent, capitalize on it, and snowball to the point where they either took the Ancient or built an advantage so large that the enemy team essentially would just give up. It was objective gaming. The object of Dota is to destroy the enemy Ancient while also defending your own, not to farm heroes for 60 minutes.

If you're playing for five million dollars, are you going to play the game like Call of Duty and just kill everyone on the map, or are you going to play to win?

Quit crying. 




 Noticed this in both games I've played today, that when I pick a hero and go into a game I'm unable to open the shop or left click on the mini map to move the view around. I have to completely exit and restart dota in order for it to work correctly, and this has never happened to me before.

Anyone else experiencing this?

edit: I've spent time before the games watching TI4 replays, as someone mentioned below that it can be caused by spectating. In queue for a game currently, haven't watched a replay since last restarting dota so I'll update after I find a game.

edit2: Seems the big is indeed caused by watching replays. I don't want to say it's caused by spectating, as I've spectated live games in the past directly into a game and it hasn't happened.  




 In the jungle, if you wanted to maximize efficiency from Midas, does it matter which creep in a camp you use it on? For example early game in a Satyr camp, using it on one of the smallest satyr's will definitely give you more gold than just killing the satyr, but would the time taken to kill the biggest satyr normally instead of midas'ing it vs. the smallest satyr to get to the next camp outweigh that? Same goes with the wildwing's or wolves, do you want to Midas the main creep or one of the two smaller ones? 

And as far as experience goes as well, would you want the 2.5x from any particular creep or am I just thinking into this too deeply?

 




 IG, Vici, Newbee, they're rolling over teams with their massive amount of early push and most teams are just letting them do it. 

Shadow Shaman is the core hero in this strat, and yet I haven't seen him be first phase banned in any of the games so far. I can understand not giving up a Doom or Dire Lyan, but teams are also still first phase banning Batrider against Chinese teams that hardly pick him. 

And when they do first pick SS, why are teams not 2nd phase banning a DP? Unless you draft a lineup specifically tailored to defending a tower against BOTH of those ultimates at the same time, they're just going to take each tower uncontested, have more gold than you and end the game in 30 minutes because they're playing objectively. BKB doesn't stop the physical damage from both of their ultimates, if you're fighting into that you need to have a significant advantage or else you'll get ran over, and that's exactly what's happening.

The metas are different for each region. Heroes are valued differently in each region. Yes, it's starting to mix now that teams from different regions are playing each other a lot, but to me it just seems that Asian teams are drafting and banning significantly better. It seems that EU teams are drafting against Asia teams based on the EU meta, and that's not exactly what you want to do. Another example I can think of is constantly giving Universe his tidehunter, which is what wins EG a big percentage of their games. 

Thoughts?  




 Well that was fast. 




 Just downloaded whatever game client update they just implemented, and I'm trying to select the hero for the three votes. When I select a hero, it shows up in the box and then disappears and goes back to the "select hero" option.

This happening to anyone else? I've closed and re-open dota and it's still doing it.

edit: Just checked the client update post and noticed it was indeed confirmed as a bug. Carry on. 




 To preface this, I live in US East. When I'm awake between the times of 6-10 AM, not many people are playing DOTA on US East servers so it can take upwards of 10 minutes to find a game. My ping to EU West is under 150, so sometimes I queue there to get faster games. 

How the fuck do people play on this region? In the 15 or 20 games I've actually played on this region without fail at least 3 of the 9 other players do nothing but troll and flame the entire game. You don't even have to do anything to them, they'll just start flaming you for no reason. At least on US East you actually have to make some hostile action or comment to initiate the flame war.

What's more surprising is that I've always thought that EU players were supposed to be more skilled than US players. I'm no pro, I'm around 3k and the 3k players on EU play like players I've seen under 2k on US. Some of my games yesterday morning were played with some of the worst players I've ever had the misfortune of playing with. 

I know a lot of people, myself included, rag on US servers for having south americans ruin games, but your EU servers are ruined by your very own Europeans.

What keeps you from smashing your computer monitors every time you connect to a game? 




 In the final results screen after a match you can commend or report, is there any way to commend or report after you've disconnected? I just played a game where I wanted to commend a couple people but habitually clicked out of it before I remembered. 




 Was playing a game earlier against a PL that was able to farm a lot more securely than myself, and we already had ways to deal with his illusions so instead of getting a BF I got BKB Basher (was up against a lion tide and shadow shaman) and was repeatedly told by my teammates than I was an idiot and BF is way better. 

We ended up winning after their Tide abandoned and a few big team fights because of my BKB, avoiding Ravage and their massive amount of disable, but did I make the wrong decision? From what I've heard BF is a farm accelerator, I already built a midas and there was no way even with a BF I was going to outfarm the PL, so I got items that helped me take fights immediately. 

Thoughts? 




 Does anyone know what games are featured in the BTS intro? When the commentators yell "He's still alive" and "They're all dead" etc. 




 When you're killed, say the enemy has a mythical sword and a couple uncommon cosmetics equipped; how does it decide which item is highlighted under their portrait? Is it by rarity, random or what? 




 Aside from the internet bill you already pay, this game is completely free. Yes, there are an endless amount of things you can buy but you are not REQUIRED to buy anything. 

That being said, I would be more than willing to pay 5 dollars a month if that's what it took for Valve to implement region locked servers. Maybe not even all of the servers, you could leave the US West/East how they are, but people who choose to pay get a server called US Locked where you can only join if your IP is actually in the US for example. 

I love the teamwork and strategy and everything that goes into this game, and when three out of my four other teammates can't even speak the language of the server they're on it really just ruins the experience. And I know that is true for multitudes of other players in this game.

This would probably lead to longer queue times and bigger gaps in individual MMRs between players in games, as I know it will probably be the minority who would actually pay for it, but I'd rather wait an extra couple minutes for a game than get one in thirty seconds that is full of South Americans.

Thoughts?

Edit: Looks like half this subreddit got their cereal pissed in this morning.  




 Not sure if this is intended, or if I'm doing something incorrectly, but I was playing a game as Enigma yesterday, had my Soul Ring in my inventory and when I would click, hold, and drag to swap it to another slot in my inventory it would activate it. I've never seen this happen before with any items, not Treads or Phase or Mek or anything.

I played a game with Tinker a little bit later and don't think I noticed it happening, although I was sleep deprived at that point and maybe I just didn't move the soul ring or didn't notice it happening. Thoughts? 




 I know a little bit about how to draft and run them and when, but if anyone has a good explanation or a handy link they might be able to throw my way that would be much appreciated!  




 Is this intended? Got LP the other night because I got kicked from a game, couldn't reconnect, had to abandon. Played through a LP game where a few people abandoned, but my team won and I didn't get credit for the win but I figured it was because of the abandons. But just now I won a game with no abandons or anything, and didn't get credit for the win.

The tooltip only says "match-making". Does Low Priority not count as "match-making", or is this some kind of bug?  




 Like how you can watch the D2CL, etc. in-game, can you do the same with TI4? 




 When you physical attack with a Deso in your inventory, does the debuff get applied before that first instance of damage or is the attack damage applied, and then the Deso debuff applied? 









 So I abandoned one game because the captain was a troll and picked 5 hard carries while laughing at us the whole time, and my computer froze during another game later and I got an abandon for that so now I'm in low priority. It said I have 5 games remaining, but I've played through 2 so far and it still says 5.

Anyone know why this is? 




 Is this true? Granted, he can't carry as hard super late game with equal farm as a Spectre or Anti Mage maybe, but if the average game time is around 40-50 minutes, isn't he still a very viable option provided he can actually get the farm? Whenever I try to pick him in CM there's always someone telling me he isn't a hard carry, but when I play him I go solo offlane and usually build AquilaPhaseSnYDeso/Diffusal/Butterfly/MKB and can literally 4 or 5 shot supports. And his ult reveals invisibles, and provides movement speed and extra gold for the whole team.

Thoughts? 




 Dotabuff, I'm Weaver: http://dotabuff.com/matches/579545847

I was the captain too! Solo offlane weaver, lion TP'd up a couple times for a gank because they were pushing the lane really hard and after a couple kills and a quick linken's and even quicker butterfly it was over. 

I just wish I could do this in all pick or even captain's mode really. Nobody ever trusts me when I want to solo lane a weaver, even though some of my best games in unranked pubs were weaver mid. 

Kind of also looking for feedback though, I played a pretty flawless game but it wasn't perfect, if some dota pro's in here have some advice for me I'd gladly accept it!

hashtagroadoutof2.4kMMR 




 So Mask of Madness causes you to take additional damage according to the tooltip. How does this work in conjunction with items like Blade Mail, or passives like Centaur's Return? Because you are taking more damage via the MoM, will you be dishing out more damage as well or does it not work that way? 
























 The prettiest people do the ugliest things. 




 Wut? 




  it's kinda pointless to discuss strategy in pubs

Uh, actually that's most of what this subreddit is for considering 99% of the people on here only play pubs. It's actually more pointless to talk about pro dota considering, again, that 99% of the people on here are not pros. And neither you nor OP specified which you were referring to.

Bye Felicia. 




 Yeah but that applies to any hero, not specifically these 4. 




 Well, there's this super cool thing called Google that I guess not many people have heard about that has dozens of guides on how to play this hero. 

But since you're lazy and I'm bored, you start off by maxing your Morph ability and Waveform, stopping off to take your Ultimate at 6. Morphing to agility gives you more damage, but less health, and morphing to strength does the opposite. Finding the correct balance in the early game takes practice and depends on the lanes. If you're in a safe tri lane, you can afford to morph more agility for damage to ensure last hitting because you won't be taking near as much harass as say if you were running mid or offlane.

The way Morphling wins late game is having a shit ton of damage and a shit ton of armor from maxing out your Morph ability on Agility. You build items that give you survivability, such as Linken's Sphere, Butterfly, I've seen Skadi Morphlings before, etc. The Eblade build, or Shotgun build, is used to blow the everloving fuck out of one of the enemy heroes, usually a key support or utility hero, at the very beginning of the fight making it a 4v5. The Eblade nerf hurt this build however, so I'm not sure if it's still too viable. Morphling is rarely run in this current meta. Eblade increases magic damage taken, and a maxed out Agility Adaptive Strike plus a Waveform does a metric fuck ton of damage and will usually 1 shot somebody below 2k health, maybe even more. I'm not bored enough to do the math. This however falls off in later portions of the game when enemies build BKBs and get more health in general.

Your ultimate is used in multiple ways. You can make a replicate of the enemy hard carry and use it to attack for your team, or make a replicate of a teammate to send to another lane to jump to to continue farming when you've pushed your lane too far out. Additionally, you can instantly replicate out of a sticky situation in a fight where you might die by sending the replicate out of the fight or keeping it back beforehand.

If you're ever in a pickle, you have two options. Replicate out, or start morphing to strength to gain a ton of health and hopefully survive where you might have died.

The general build I used to run was Acquila  Treads  Linkens  Eblade  Butterfly Skadi, and by that point the game was usually over. I haven't played Morphling in months however. Once you have Eblade, you want to be running around with maxed or almost maxed agility to pull off your Shotgun combo effectively. 

Morphling isn't a hero that can 1v5 and destroy the enemy team, usually. Because he requires the maxing of agility and reduction of strength to do the most damage, he is vulnerable and requires heroes around him that can protect him and pull aggro off of him if needed.

One cool thing to note is that you can Morph to strength or agility while stunned (definitely) or rooted (I believe). However, not while silenced. So if the enemy team has silences that could fuck you over, consider building a Manta.  




  Tinker gets destroyed by Sniper in lane

Wut? My 3k Tinker shits on Snipers in lane. Fuck going March build, just rocket spam him. Maybe it won't work in Very High Skill brackets where Snipers run bottles, but if you're in "the trench" Tinker should easily win. 




 Blink, Laser, oh no troll bkb'd!, Ghost Scepter, Rearm, Ghost Scepter, Rearm, Ghost Scepter, Laser, Profit. 




 Anyone who's good knows he's not a support. Wait until your trash tier carry stops farming at 10 minutes to go teamfight before he's ready, secure lane farm for yourself and let him die, dominate the mid game kill stealing with your ult and laugh in their faces when you carried harder than they did.

 




  where the only time I'll need it are if I get an Illusion rune or for some reason build a Necro book. And in that case I can just CL cycle them if I need them to do something different than what my hero is doing, yeah?

 




 Mine, keeping in mind I don't use quickcast. That's probably because I don't use mouse movement and have never really seen the point of quickcast:

123456 - spells (Played WoW for 4 years where your spells took up 1 through =, so hitting the 5 or 6 is already muscle memory and not an issue at all)

TAB - select all units

CAPSLOCK - cycle through units

Space - Select Hero

Q - attack move

E - Stop/Cancel

ZXCVFR - items

WASD - Camera Move

Basically the difference I'm seeing is that if I use mouse movement, that frees up 4 buttons to use for control groups. But what I'm also seeing is that only helps me play micro-intensive heroes, which I have no real interest in playing anyway because they just aren't my style, and that's less than 5% of the hero pool. Control Groups are useless on something like a Lion or Magnus, where the only time I'll need it are if I get an Illusion rune or for some reason build a Necro book. And in that case I can just CL cycle them if I need them to do something different than what my hero is doing, yeah? 

My hand position rests with pinky finger on Shift, ring finger on A, middle finger on W, index finger on D, and thumb on C, so all of the above buttons are able to be pressed instantly. I do use Edge Pan as well though, so I suppose I use a mixture of Edge Pan and WASD. 




 Why are they inferior? If I'm using keyboard controls, my mouse is free to go wherever I want it to, rather than it being on the edges of the screen using Edge Pan or MMB.

It's not any slower, because Edge Pan and WASD movement are both dependent on what your camera speed is set to. Mine is set pretty high, and my WASD actually moves my camera faster than what MMB does.
 




 I can see how the control groups would be more efficient for illusions and summons. 

But if I'm playing a Weaver, Tinker, Centaur, Magnus, QoP, Lion, Crystal Maiden, Earthshaker, or any of the other heroes that don't require the use of illusions or summons 99% of the time, what are control groups used for?

And I know I'm going to end up typing something in caps in chat more often than not, but eh. It'll work. 




  select illusions/summons 

I've got that on TAB for all and CAPSLOCK for cycle currently.

 select hero button

Space bar.

 chat commands

Actually that would be useful considering I'm still using the default Y+mouse direction for those. 

 awfully slow compared to all other methods.

Really? I've got my camera speed up pretty high, it doesn't seem like it's any slower than Edge Pan or MMB.

I dunno it just feels like I'm not grasping the concept of why WASD is so bad.  




 The way it looks, if I want to move the camera up with MMB, I have to click and drag down. What if a hero is running up and I want to follow it with the camera, using MMB, and cast an ability on them? I'm dragging the mouse AWAY from where I want to be casting my ability, meaning I'll then have to move my mouse back from the bottom, to the top to cast an ability on the hero. Whereas with WASD I can just hold the keys and keep my mouse free to click wherever I want. Edge Pan would work the same as WASD in that sense, but MMB seems like it would be way more garbage. Unless I'm missing something.

edit: I was missing the option to Reverse Camera Grip. 




 Attack-move is Q, I have Stop bound to E. 

I never use the Move command, if I want to send a unit somewhere without issuing an attack command I just select it and right click it to where I want it to go. 

I figured out above how to cycle through controlled units, something I had always thought I could do but accidentally unbound some time in the past. 

I played WoW for 4 years, where your spells took up 1 through =. I have no problem at all doing the quick reach to hit a 5 or 6 if necessary if I even choose to play those heroes.

Currently my setup is 123456 for skills, WASD for camera move, ZXCVFR for items, TAB is select all units, CAPSLOCK is cycle through units now that I figured that out. 

I don't know, I've never felt like I had any issues being able to play any heroes this way. I consider Tinker one of my best heroes and playing him requires hitting up to 7 or 8 different keys in rapid succession, of which I have no issue. The only issue I can see might arise is with micro-intensive heroes like Meepo or Chen, but micro-intensive heroes don't interest me so I don't really care to change my entire setup to accommodate heroes I don't want to play anyway, you know? 




 Okay, I had bound TAB to select all units some time in the past. Went ahead and switched that, thank you. 




 What other things would I need to utilize those keys for though? I don't have quickcast hotkeyed to anything, is that something I should be using? It sounds like a neat idea, but I also don't think that the time it takes to press the hotkey and actually click the mouse for me (near instantaneously) is worth keybinding 4-6 keys for.

I suppose I could keybind control groups to the keys for micro-intensive heroes, but I try to avoid playing those anyway because I just don't like them. 




 Also, random question, but is there any way to hotkey a button that scrolls between different units? For example if I pop my Manta Style and want to quickly send my 2 illusions and hero in different directions, would there be a button I could hit that selected specifically 1 illusion, and then if I hit it again, specifically the other illusion, hit it again, back to hero, again, back to 1st illusion, again, back to other illusion, etc.? 




 Why is it better though? And if you use Edge Pan or MMB, what's the difference between keeping it on 1234 vs. QWER? 

Currently I use do WASD as camera, and have my 6 item slots bound to ZXCVFR. XCV are the items I use most in a game (Blink, Phase Boots, Force Staff, etc.) with R usually being hero specific items (Hex, Ghost Scepter/Eblade, Dust). I don't have any problem hitting these keys because over the years my finger dexterity has only gotten better (just ask my girlfriend ;)).

 




 So I've been playing Dota 2 for about a year and a half now. It was the first game of its kind I'd ever played. Before that, I'd played Call of Duty and World of Warcraft among other games extensively on the PC, so I was no stranger to PC online gaming.

I've never bound my Dota 2 spells to QWER, I've had them as 1234 the whole time because after a good 7 years of online gaming, 1-9 were always spells, switching weapons, killstreaks, etc. and WASD was always camera or player movement of some sort. It's so ingrained in my muscle memory that I figured it would be more detrimental for me to switch that around and try to learn something new than stick with what I've always done, and could also hinder my performance in other games. 

What is the advantage that binding your spells to QWER gives in Dota 2? A second part, and most of the reason for asking this, is that I've recently picked up one of [these](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41%2BcyeIQuSL.jpg) mice. It has two buttons I could use to bind things to in Dota 2 that I haven't experimented with yet, and was wondering what might be the most beneficial things in the game to bind to it. 




 Mute them all and just play your game. Focus on learning. Watch your replays too. If you're dying a lot, look at WHY you're dying. Were you in the enemy jungle without vision? Did you commit to a fight you were outnumbered in? Should you have backed out instead of going for that last kill? 

There's no one quick trick to getting better at Dota, it all just takes time and practice. 




 Eh Lion actually isn't as great as you'd think. Lion's burst is great in the early game, but Sniper and Troll should always build a BKB, Axe usually does, and Jug has built in Magic Immunity which completely counters Lion.

Lina, however, would be decent if you're able to farm an Aghs Scepter because the Scepter changes your ult's damage type to Pure and allows it to pierce spell immunity. 




 Then you just need to play more. Stick to one hero for a while just to get basic mechanics to become muscle memory. One mistake I made at first was trying to become a jack of all trades/master of none. 

Also I'd recommend playing the Limited Hero game mode. Those heroes tend to be simpler to understand, have less complicated synergies/mechanics, and greatly reduce the amount of "what the fuck was that" potential in a game.  




  tinker 

Before the March/Eblade nerf yes. I rose 500 MMR by spamming Tinker. Shit was insanely easy.

Now though it's way harder to win solo as a Tinker. If your team won't push with you, you're not going to win.
 




  Winning mid is more about your skill vs. the enemies mids skill then anything else

Debatable depending on your MMR. 

2k, yes because you RARELY get support rotations into the mid to gank. 2k is the mindset where if the mid isn't ganking a sidelane the minute they hit 6, it's a reportable offense. 

4k however, if one team's support rotates a couple times even just to apply pressure and the other team's does not, the former team's mid may win out over the latter even if the latter is more skilled. 




 I wouldn't. Naga is a hero that relies pretty heavily on coordination within the entire team to be utilized correctly.

You rarely get that in solo queue.  




 I've gotten multiple on Bloodseeker, Weaver, Sven and Crystal Maiden but I think that's it. 




 Watch pro gameplays. Usually the commentators do a great job (depending on who it is) explaining what's going on, item choices for heroes, why teams are doing specific movements around the map, etc.

I've learned way more watching pro gameplays than I ever would have just playing the game. 




 Omniknight's ult counters them because they all rely on physical damage.

Vengeful Spirit is pretty good because you can use her ult to swap an important carry out of a death situation, and if you die your 3rd skill reduces the enemies' physical damage output.

Dazzle is good because your ult gives your team +armor and the enemy team -armor if you land it on everyone, and Shallow Grave will keep an ally alive for a potential escape against all but Axe.

Disruptor can be good if played correctly, by Glimpsing initiators back out of the fight or dropping a huge ultimate on 3-4 during a fight.

Ghost Scepter is an item that makes you invulnerable to physical damage, is great against these heroes.

Heaven's Halberd disarms the enemy, so they can't physically attack anyone for the duration and also provides evasion.

Just to name a few. 




 Slark destroys Sniper as well. 




 Did you even read the hero names? Sniper is THE hero for low MMR games, and has been since Dota 2 came out. Axe has always been picked in low MMR games too. Troll is the only one of the four that hasn't been a consistent pick for 3k MMR. 

And like the other reply said, 

 you have to remember that the people who play against them are even worse at countering them then the axe troll and jugg pickers are at playing them.

Bye Felicia. 




 Lol what? These heroes are picked every game from 1k MMR to Pro Tournaments. You're an idiot. 




 http://lmgtfy.com/?q=how+to+get+better+at+dota+2 




 A:256

B:30

2.7k MMR 




 Troll and Axe both need nerfs in my opinion.

Troll needs his base movement speed slightly reduced, and maybe a slight reduction in health in melee axe form to be balanced.

Not really sure how to make Axe balanced but he's way too strong in the laning stage. 




 Yeah my comment was tongue in cheek regarding the horrible nature of South Americans specifically on this video game.

Calm it down. 




 Average 




  Very High Skill


 0 BKBs against a Tinker/Ogre/Zeus with 3 Dagon 5's.

lolwut 




  What the hell is the problem if I want to play something other than AP or CM for MMR?

You do. It's just hidden MMR. Kappa. 




 There's a difference between picking something inappropriate for your team and randoming a hero you have no idea how to play but keeping it just for the extra gold.

 




 I played a game like this earlier tonight. 2 people on my team said nothing throughout the entire draft, didn't lock heroes or anything. 

3 of us had already picked PL, Clinkz, Jakiro. The final two randomed Naga Siren and Tinker. Neither had any clue how to play the hero they randomed, and barely spoke English (surprise surprise).

Needless to say we got completely stomped because Tinker fed the shit out of the enemies' Sniper mid and the Naga was only good for using her Ult to escape and throwing down maybe 1 or 2 good nets the entire game. I reported them for Intentional Ability Abuse, was happy to see two notifications pop up later in the night that they got put into low priority.

Tinkers one of my best heroes. If the stupid Peruvian had spoke English I could have swapped him, but alas, another game ruined because of South Americans. Typical Dota 2. 




 I believe if you die with rapier the item is no longer bound to you, meaning you no longer own it.

Contrasted to if you drop your Yasha, even if someone picks it up, that item is still bound to you and only you benefit from the stats. 




 Lol. 




  Juggernaut can perform normal attacks during Blade Fury, but these attacks will deal no damage to enemies being affected by Blade Fury.

From the Dota 2 wiki. How is this supposed to work? Does this mean you can't auto attack an enemy while BF'ing unless they're already magic immune? 




 Christ. With that team composition you deserved to lose.

Also, the guy's friend is retarded. If he raises it any more than 500 he's just going to get stomped back down to where he was in the first place.  




 Take a break and do something else.

 




 I don't understand why everyone is crying about it.

If you have a huge lead and the enemy outplays you and wins a teamfight, it's your fault for getting outplayed and losing a teamfight that you should have won. 

How is this any different than previous patches where teams would draft insanely good T3 tower defense with a 4 protect 1 carry strat, lose all outer towers at 20 minutes and defend for the next 30 until their carry became unkillable? 

 




 Dear South America: 

Please cut off all internet access to your favelas. 

Sincerely, World. 




 That's a good mentality to have and makes you a better player. I've learned to never trust or rely on random teammates in video games, because 90% of the time they'll fail you.

However in this case, split pushing would have just stalled the inevitable further. If the Sven and LS didn't build MKB for 60 minutes, they were trash and you weren't going to win.

If they had built MKB, you probably would have won considering a couple teamfights could have gone your way and you could have transitioned those into Roshans or tower pushes. But that's Dota. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32tELgOnwOI 




 Alt clicking is great because South Americans that queue on US E without speaking a word of English can still communicate the cooldowns/availabilities of items and spells. In a game such as this where communication is arguably the biggest key to victory, and Valve refuses to region lock, it was kind of needed. 

I for one am against making the game too much easier. Making things easier is what kills online multiplayer video games. I used World of Warcraft as an example in a thread earlier. In my opinion that game is absolute shit now after they lowered the skill cap for literally everything in WotLK. Call of Duty is another good example. 4 was one of the greatest games ever made because it was barebones, simple, and required heavily on reaction time and pure gun skill. Look at the shit they did with MW3 and BO2, as examples. They made weapon attachments that were literally hacks in previous games (Target Finder, Dual Band) and those games are shit now.

There was a suggestion earlier that was put forward by an alleged 4.2k player saying warding was too difficult and "it's a needed change" that Valve should implement a special courier THAT GOES OUT AND WARDS FOR YOU. Shit like that would ruin the game, and is an absolutely stupid suggestion.

I don't exactly know where I was going with this reply, but changes that make communication easier I'm all for. However, mechanical changes are when you cross the line. Skill shots are a great example. If they made landing Slark's Pounce any easier, it would be too much. Or WR's Shackleshot. In-game timers that were visible to players for Roshan or enemy buybacks would be too much. Just a couple examples I thought of.  




 You probably wouldn't have won even if you did split push. Your bat and sven were trash. 




 Maybe not at minute 4, but a riki with some farm hiding off in the trees blink striking in on an underleveled support running out of fountain? Or ganking couriers?

It obviously isn't a great idea, and I wouldn't advocate it, but it definitely could be annoying. 




 With heroes like Troll, Jug, Axe, Sniper, Lion extremely strong in this meta it's almost impossible to pub stomp with her. 

She loses hard to heroes that can burst her down quickly, and that's what the meta is about right now. 




 And then get initiated on immediately by a blade mailed Clock/Axe/LC. Fun times. 




 Some of them are good ideas. Alt clicking allied spells to indicate "Use ____ Now" in chat could be very useful.

Then some of them, like the alleged 4k player suggesting a specific courier be put into the game that wards for you, are fucking retarded.

But that's how this entire subreddit is so \_()_/

Why the fuck won't my shrug ever work? It's always missing its fucking left arm.

I kind of like this one better though so \ _()_/ 




 I actually haven't seen one of those in a couple months.  




 It could work. 




  for you lefties

What does being left handed have to do with any of this?
 




 Because you're in the lead and you lost a fight. That shouldn't happen.

Don't think of it as being penalized for losing a fight, think of it as the other team being rewarded for winning a fight that realistically they shouldn't have won due to your advantage. They outplayed a stronger opponent, and deservedly get more reward. 




  At this point, the Glyph being refreshed after a Tier 1 tower falls is just dumb and appears to be a gross overreaction when combined with the comeback formula.

Maybe when combined with the formula, but do you remember TI4? 20 minute gg's because you win a team fight at 15 minutes and take 3 towers afterwards was stupid.  




 He can be used as a niche last pick sometimes, but Huskar relies on lack of coordination on the opposing team to be useful. He's a great pubstomper because he ults in and people go full panic mode, but that's not how pro teams operate.

And no pro team wants an initiator whose initiation ability drops themselves to half health right off the bat.  




 Just do what I do. If someone on the opposing team is flaming me, get 1-2 of your teammates and make it your sole objective for the next 20 minutes to gank them whenever possible and make their game extremely unfun.

Or just mute them, outplay them, win the game and type JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA [Their Hero Name] over and over as you kill their Ancient. 




  i believe that if people didnt feed nobody would complain

You have too much faith in the internet. People will flame you for anything and everything. 




 99% of the time the pros get aegis immediately barring some sort of engagement going on in the pit at the same time. I've rarely seen a pro team do rosh and sit for more than 2 seconds without picking up aegis/cheese.

in b4 "BUT X PLAYER IN X GAME RAN AWAY AND DIDN'T GET IT UNTIL HE WENT BACK 5 SECONDS LATER" 




 If you were going in first, you were doing it wrong. The correct way to win that lane would be for CM to go around behind her when the wave was closer to your tower, freeze her, then you run in with your whirling axes. At that point she should be easy food.
 




 Meepo, Earth Spirit and Invoker every time because I've never tried to learn them. Most of the time I'll repick Chen/Enchantress but I've had decent games with them.

Otherwise I can pretty much play every hero in the pool. Aside from those, I'll only repick if I randomed a hero and the enemy team had already picked a hard counter. 




 As the title says, when is the best time to buy BoTs in a game? I expect this depends on the hero, like with a tinker you want them ASAP, and with an AM it's good to pick them up early to split push and farm lanes more effectively. And sometimes you don't need to buy them at all.

But is there a general rule of thumb for when to pick up BoTs on other heroes? What I've been doing is if I can tell that if I complete my next item and doing so won't leave me a spot for a tp scroll, I'll go ahead and buy BoTs and prolong that item a bit longer to ensure I'm not caught in a position where I need to TP somewhere for a teamfight or defense. This usually comes around the 30-40 minute mark (3k MMR here, so it's not like at that point I'm fully 6 slotted or anything), both on supports and cores.

Thoughts? 




 4.2k and you don't know how to ward? That's pretty sad. I just played a Lion solo support. They had weaver and invoker, so I had dust on me from minute 1 until the end.

Good gold management and the fact that both ours and the enemy team's outer towers were all taken out around the 35 minute mark allowed me to sell my Tranquils and purchase BoTs, meaning I could keep BoTs, Magic Wand, Blink, Force, Observers and Dust on me. Our viper bought a gem relatively early as well, so whenever we felt like dewarding I went around with him and dewarded. Since a couple of us had dust, we didn't need the gem in team fights and we kept it in base.

Didn't have a problem with space management once in the entire game, and managed to ward throughout a 55 minute game as a solo support without any issues.

You're 4.2k and you can't figure that out? Once again: SOUNDS LIKE A PERSONAL PROBLEM. Get better. 

Peace out. 




 3k. But I don't see anyone else supporting your suggestion, and I haven't seen anyone else complain about warding being difficult. If people thought this was a problem, you'd have support. (See what I did there?)

Do I WANT to leave my dust or bracer in stash to go ward? Not particularly. But I'm also not going to propose a stupid suggestion to "fix" something that isn't even a problem. It only takes a couple minutes to ward, then you get your item back, then 6-10 minutes later you do it again. It's part of being a support.

Good players don't have a problem warding.

So once again, it sounds like a personal problem.  




 There were a lot of factors in addition to it for me in real life too. It was also just my personal opinion that the game in general just felt too easy. 




 Consumables aren't needed after minute 10. If you're running around with tangos or a mana potion taking up a slot at minute 20+, you're doing it wrong. Wards take precedence.

Magic Stick/Wand falls off after 20-25 minutes. As a support, you'll have enough mana to cast enough abilities to where you won't need the boost, and if you're gone on first in a gank attempt, the stick charges probably aren't going to save your life enough of the time to warrant holding onto it. If you feel like holding onto it, put it in your stash, go ward, TP back, grab it from stash. Wards take precedence.

If you're holding a bracer at minute 40 and claim you don't have a spot for wards, you're doing it wrong. Bracer only gives somewhere between 100-150 health. That's enough to survive 1 extra attack from their carry, if that. Applies to components such as Null Talisman, Void Stone, Ring of Regen, etc. Put it in your stash, go ward, have it delivered back. Wards take precedence.

Dust or Smoke as well, either put it in your stash or give to an ally, grab it back after you ward. Wards take precedence.

Warding is YOUR job as a support. Wards take precedence over all but 3 of the things you listed above, especially considering it should only take 2 minutes tops to place them before you can get the other items back. If you're playing correctly and warding at the correct times (hint, NOT running blindly into their jungle when all enemy heroes are alive and missing from the map) then none of this is an issue. You also have 4 other heroes on your team that can assist you in this entire process. Your position 4 has an extra slot? Give them the Observers. Your Batrider and Storm Spirit want to gank the Riki farming too aggressively in bot lane? Pass them the Dust. A change isn't needed at all. Get better. 




 Definitely practice your last hitting. At up until 3k, that's the biggest thing that can give you the edge over your opponents. 

Also learn item builds on heroes. For example you're buying a Null Talisman on the Spectre games I looked at. Completely useless and a waste of gold on that hero, meaning you are less effective in the laning stage than you should be, giving you a hard start on a hero that usually needs a good start to be effective. Shadow Blade is also useless on that hero, and to some extent Spirit Breaker as well.

You're also not really picking strong heroes to play. Visage and Elder Titan are probably way over your skill level, and Spectre isn't really that strong right now and definitely not in your MMR where most of your games are 30 minute 1 sided victories.

My advice would be to learn some bigger tempo controllers, outfarm your opponents and control the game. But that doesn't mean run into 3 heroes solo and expect to triple kill them. Solo pick off heroes are usually the best because 1. Players in that MMR rarely buy wards or TP scrolls, and generally don't have the map awareness to utilize them properly and 2. Players tend to farm and play way over aggressively. Punish that with a Shadow Bladed Slark killing a solo hero at your top T2 when their team is in their jungle or other lanes, for example. 




 You can't re-calibrate. What he's referencing is creating a new account, power leveling to 13 and doing ranked matches again to see if you place higher. Which is completely pointless if you aren't any better than when you calibrated the first time. If you are, then you'll be higher. But the thought process also is that if you're truly better than the 9 other people in the lobby, you should be able to single handedly carry your team to victory and increase your MMR that way on the account you play at normally. 




 Maybe you should have only punch it 2 times. 




 rekt 




 And you sound like the kind of person that if you're not good enough to do something, would rather have it changed to be easier than getting better and improving your personal skill.

Like I said too: If you're a good player, the current mechanics aren't a problem in any way. 

If you're a support, you should always have a slot designated for Wards. Just like a good player always designates a slot for a TP scroll. It's part of the role you're playing. Wards are more important than the component of an uncompleted item that could stay in your stash until you've completed it fully. In 99.9% of games, the position 5 support will never be six slotted to the point where you have to drop something more important for your team than wards.  




 You pay a monthly or yearly subscription to be able to play WoW. It's been four years or so since I last paid for it, so I don't remember the actual cost of it. 

What I mean by making the game easier is that they implemented purchasable (with real life money) items into the game that made basically every aspect of the game easier. Power leveling (leveling from 1 to the level cap) used to take a lot of time and effort. After these items, you could do it in a fraction of the time. These items were extremely powerful and took out a core aspect of the game where you had to sit and think about the benefits of choosing one item over another. Basically you bought these items, they scaled with your level (IIRC) and you never really had to worry about your itemization until you hit the level cap.

They also (from my experience) nerfed raiding (going into a dungeon with 5, 10, 25, etc. different people) so that instead of having to figure out strategies and use tons of teamwork to be able to down a boss, you could blow through it easily because none of the fights were anywhere near as difficult, coupled with the fact that you had these really strong items.

They earned more money because the game was more accessible to millions of other people who could buy it, load it up, and be able to get that feeling of accomplishment very quickly instead of having to work for it, as opposed to the game being a challenge and potentially turning people away because they couldn't figure it out or weren't good enough to get through certain parts. 

I started to despise it because everything I'd spent tons of time working for for the past 4 years was now extremely easy. The sense of accomplishment went away. For me, if a game isn't challenging, it isn't fun. 
  




  Agreed, but taking time to micromanage such a petty task (unloading items in order to ward) takes away from the much more important micromanagement that takes place during battles and map control.

If you're a good player this isn't a problem at all. If you're not a good player, then it sounds like a personal problem.  




 I used to adore Blizzard. Played WoW for about 4 years, from around the time AQ was released pre-BC to right before the Cataclysm expansion.

Could just be my personal opinion, but halfway through WotLK they completely destroyed that game. I understand their model, making the game so easy an 8 year old can be successful makes it more appealing to the masses, which makes them more money; but it got to the point where everything was so easy that the game was no longer challenging in any way. 

If that happened to Dota 2 it would be a very sad day indeed. 




 Link to dotabuff? If you're 700 I guarantee the reason you're so low is because you don't know how to farm.

Tip: Stop playing ranked for a bit, learn a hero that can come online early with heavy snowball potential (Drow, Bloodseeker, Slark, Troll Warlord, Axe are some of the easier examples to play and can also utilize the jungle well) and practice your last hitting in bot games. At 700 MMR, spend your first 20 minutes farming and not dying or participating in stupid fights. ONLY enter a fight if you know you will survive and will be able to get a kill or two out of it (for example if three enemy heroes are tower diving at less than half health. TP in, clean them up. Profit.) My experiences with lower MMR players is that they'll horribly farm for the first 8 minutes and then spend the rest of the time running at you Call of Duty style instead of continuing to farm. 

If you can come out at 20 minutes with 2-3 items and maybe even 4-6 levels ahead of them, go around and continuously pick them off if they're solo and transition that into tower pushes. Nobody at 700 MMR is going to be coordinated enough to kill you at that point. 




 I've tried to do this way too many times. I like this idea. 




  wasting time in such micromanagement can be potentially game-costing.

The ability to micromanage throughout a potentially 60+ minute game is a big part of what separates great players and teams from mediocre ones. 

 




 Not really. There's a big difference between not being able to play at all and a minor distraction. 




 If I'm sitting in front of my TV, at a bar, or even in the seats of the stadium itself as a spectator, it's impossible for me to injure a player.

As opposed to DDOS'ing a Dota player which can be done from anywhere across the world. 




 This only matters above 4k where you'll get differences of 100-1000 MMR between teammates.

The difference in player skill relative to MMR between a 1000 player and 1500 player is almost zero, same for a 2000 and 2500, and probably even 3000 and 3500. 




 Anti Mage

Batrider

Disruptor

Doom

Necrophos

Voted on the site as well 




 Potential side effects of Prozac (one of the most popular antidepressants):
very stiff (rigid) muscles, high fever, sweating, fast or uneven heartbeats, tremors, overactive reflexes; nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, loss of appetite, feeling unsteady, loss of coordination; headache, trouble concentrating, memory problems, weakness, confusion, hallucinations, fainting, seizure, shallow breathing or breathing that stops; or severe skin reaction -- fever, sore throat, swelling in your face or tongue, burning in your eyes, skin pain, followed by a red or purple skin rash that spreads (especially in the face or upper body) and causes blistering and peeling, cold symptoms such as stuffy nose, sneezing, sore throat; drowsiness, dizziness, feeling nervous; mild nausea, upset stomach, constipation; increased appetite, weight changes; sleep problems (insomnia); decreased sex drive, impotence, or difficulty having an orgasm; or dry mouth.

*This is not a complete list of side effects and others may occur.

No thanks, I'll stick to weed. 




 Potential side effects of Prozac (one of the most popular antidepressants): 

very stiff (rigid) muscles, high fever, sweating, fast or uneven heartbeats, tremors, overactive reflexes; nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, loss of appetite, feeling unsteady, loss of coordination; headache, trouble concentrating, memory problems, weakness, confusion, hallucinations, fainting, seizure, shallow breathing or breathing that stops; or severe skin reaction -- fever, sore throat, swelling in your face or tongue, burning in your eyes, skin pain, followed by a red or purple skin rash that spreads (especially in the face or upper body) and causes blistering and peeling, cold symptoms such as stuffy nose, sneezing, sore throat; drowsiness, dizziness, feeling nervous; mild nausea, upset stomach, constipation; increased appetite, weight changes; sleep problems (insomnia); decreased sex drive, impotence, or difficulty having an orgasm; or dry mouth.

*This is not a complete list of side effects and others may occur. 

No thanks, I'll stick to weed. 




 [This could be my alarm.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDz9B9VGcpQ)

I think I remember hearing that he used to be a radio announcer or DJ before he got into Dota, which would explain why he seems like the most experienced behind a microphone. Is this true? 




 I just can't stand his voice. That's not something he can really control, so I can't fault him as a person for it, but I just can't listen to it. 

Honestly he casts like a 16 year old on a sugar rush.  




 My problem with Zyori is that his jokes suck. All of his attempts to be funny, in my opinion, just completely fall flat. He's also completely wrong about... well, everything a lot of the time. He'll sit pondering something for two minutes when it's plainly obvious even to a 3k "scrub" like me that watches maybe 2-3 pro dota gameplays a day what the answer is. 

He's gotten a little better than he used to be, so I guess the progress is good. But if I see him casting a gameplay replay of teams that I either don't know or don't necessarily care about on dotacinema I won't watch it. Compare that to Tobi, Sunsfan/Synderen, Godz, Kotlguy, where I would watch the game even if it was a pub. 




 I like all of BTS except Lysander. I cannot fucking stand Lysander. 




 I want to start off by saying ~6 months ago, I despised Capitalist as a caster. His tone and demeanor in general was just so... smarmy. He even replied to a comment I made in a thread where I bashed him. Since then however, he's actually really grown on me and I don't mind watching his casts. So if you're reading this Cap, I apologize for my previous comment and keep up the good work :)

Kotlguy is also quickly becoming one of my favorite casters. I don't know how long he's been in the scene, but I've really only discovered him in the past month or so. It's funny though, and this could just be me personally, but when he casts with Zyori (who is still really terrible) he tends to cast down to Zyori's level as opposed to if he's solo or with somebody different. 

What happened to Ayesee? He was everywhere around TI4 and I don't think I've seen him since. 

Somebody like Tobiwan, I'll watch games he's casting even if I don't know the teams because he's just the best in my opinion. Very knowledgeable and entertaining as well. Godz sails in the same boat, although he doesn't cast nearly as much. 

Who are your guys' favorites, least favorites, honorable mentions, dream caster combo's, etc. and why?

edit: Completely forgot about Sunsfan and Synderen because I haven't seen them in forever. Another two favorites! 




 /r/nocontext is having a field day with this thread. 




 Bane/SD Mirana +1 was used heavily around TI4.  




 It's pretty core on Puck. His whole thing is being as evasive as possible. 

It's pretty core on Jakiro too unless you have a reliable setup stun already on your team to set up ice paths. 

It's not core per se on Invoker, but it makes landing his spells a hell of a lot easier.

And Eul's is great on DP for the movement speed, but again not necessarily core. 




 It might work for solo pick offs, but in a team fight if they notice your MoM on while dueling you're going to get bursted so hard you'll end up losing most of your duels. 




 Exactly. 




 Sounds exactly like when I try to play at 4 AM US East and get teams full of South Americans.

Seriously. They "farm" for 10 minutes and spend the rest of the game just running at you. It's fucking annoying. 




 Weird, it shows up in the text box if I go to edit it. 




 This is the account I've been playing on for the past few months, not my main though. Ignore the Ogre, Slark and QoP games, those were fresh after a blunt to the face and I always play terribly when I'm high. I also meant to queue for Normal, not Ranked, but marijuana \_()_/

http://www.dotabuff.com/players/206703220

I'm not sitting here saying I'm pro, but the only one of the Latest Matches losses that was anywhere close to my fault (aside from the above) was the 4/8/12 where I lost mid to a smurf SF. 

The hardest part about getting out of 2k/3k is that 90% of the time your team doesn't know the correct course of action. People in 5k know that at around 20 minutes if you smoke gank and get 2 or 3 pick offs you're in a great position to take Roshan uncontested and then transition that into a 1 or 2 tower push.

At 2/3k you rarely ever see a smoke bought for starters, and generally people just don't listen to anyone else on the team unless you get extremely lucky. Even though I'm spamming ROSH ROSH ROSH, nobody fucking does it. That's the biggest obstacle. 




 No synergy? Did you miss the part where his Astral gives you invulnerability for 4 seconds and it only takes 3 to reduce your Blink cooldown after taking damage? That seems pretty damn good to me. 




 The first few times I got ganked by 3+, Astral'd myself and Blinked away were very nice feelings. 

It makes you almost as elusive as a Puck. I don't know the interaction if, for example, Alchemist puts a Acid Spray under you. I'm assuming you wouldn't be able to blink fast enough so in that situation a Force would be better. Maybe it depends on the game, but I'm just surprised I've never seen anyone do it. 




 See when I play mid or carry, I hold a 500+ gpm over 80% of the time, even when I lose. Looking at your last hits and gpm/xpm my stats are essentially the same.

I guess the difference is consistency? If I don't have a 500+ gpm every game I'll never get high skill? 




 Assuming you have full mana on every Orb attack as well, though.

I just personally think for the same price, the Blink gives far superior utility than the little bit of damage and lesser mobility you get with a Force. 




 Copied from above:

Force gives 130 mana. At level 1 Orb, this increases your Orb attack by 7.8, at level 4 Orb it increases your Orb attack by 11.7.

That's not really much to write home about in later portions of the game, considering you usually max Orb last (I usually put a value point in just to have, but I always max Astral and Aura first). It might be a nice little boost right when you get it, but I still think the effectiveness of Blink outweighs that heavily. 




 Force gives 130 mana. At level 1 Orb, this increases your Orb attack by 7.8, at level 4 Orb it increases your Orb attack by 11.7. 

That's not really much to write home about in later portions of the game, considering you usually max Orb last (I usually put a value point in just to have, but I always max Astral and Aura first). It might be a nice little boost right when you get it, but I still think the effectiveness of Blink outweighs that heavily.

As far as the item slots, if you start with a Null and pooled tangos, you'll use the tangos and get Bottle, then Treads. So you're at Null, Bottle, Treads, TP Scroll. You have two slots left. Blink and another Null fills that until you can sell a Null for whatever you build next (Scythe, Aghs, Shivas), and that extra Null gives you 6 Int, plus other stats as well for a fraction of the cost of a Force.

 




 It could still be as useful for initiation as a Blink, but nowhere near as useful for escaping. If the enemy team has Dust, if you try to Astral and Shadow Blade out, you're just going to get dusted and killed.

As opposed to Blink, where if you Astral and immediately blink into trees or over a cliff, you can get away much easier. 




  too much damage

10 damage is nothing. You can get 12 damage from 2 Null Talismans, which together only cost 940g. 




 Because against good players the invisibility from Shadow Blade is almost useless. And it costs more. 




 PL isn't the ricing, split pushing rat like the days of old though. You don't really want to spend the whole time farming any more.

PL is a fighter now. You should be fighting as soon as you get your diffusal. Doppelganger doesn't necessarily help you fight like Lance and Rush do. You can have Treads, Vanguard or Vlads, Diffusal by 20 minutes. If you max Lance and Rush, you're going to destroy the enemy team.  




 I know OD is in a pretty shitty spot right now with having a ~5% pick/ban rate for pros in the past 7 months, but it's one of my favorite heroes to play. Recently I had the idea of building Blink Dagger instead of Force Staff. I'm not going to say I invented it, but it isn't something I can remember seeing anyone else do.

Force Staff has been considered core on him for as long as I can remember. It gives you 10 Int and a bit of mobility on a 20 sec CD for 2250 gold. Dotabuff matches played this month with Force Staff: 828,013. Win rate: 45.77%

Compare this to blink dagger, widely considered one of the best items in the game for almost every hero. Same exact price as Force Staff, but much better mobility on only a 12 second CD. Plus it is a far more reliable initiation tool, as well as escape mechanism. If you Astral yourself, at max level, it is 4 seconds. Blink damage CD is only 3 seconds. You will be able to reset your blink cooldown while inside Astral and give yourself a far better chance of evading death than with the Force Staff. Dotabuff matches played this month with Blink Dagger: 26,988. Win rate: 56.90%

Obviously you can't go by dotabuff winrates for everything, but I'm wondering why nobody else does this? Especially considering this month more people picked up Shadow Blades on OD than a Blink Dagger. BlinkAstral is almost equivalent to Nightmare and Disruption as far as an initiation tool, and is great for saving teammates that also have Blink Daggers because of the cooldown reset.

Does anyone agree? Is there some piece of the puzzle I'm missing? 

Also, what would make this hero viable in competitive play again? The consensus seems to be changing his Aghs upgrade. If you changed the Aghs upgrade to Pure damage, and maybe re-scaled it a little bit, would that be enough? 

He's still a mid dominator against popular mid heroes in this meta. Take Shadow Fiend for example. Astral reduces an enemies total mana pool by 52/91/130/169. If you're able to continuously get Astrals off on the SF in lane, he's not going to have enough mana for Razes, and you'll be able to cs far easier, effectively shutting him down without the use of support rotations.

Thoughts? 




 I said I was agreeing with you. I think he's viable.

I'm saying as a general rule, there is a difference between pubstomping and pro competitive. 




  but that dopple is critical for farming.

It should be worth noting that the only reason Doppelganger is good for farming is that it can essentially work as a pseudo-blink. Purge was talking about this in a recent cast, I believe it was Starladder Secret v LC Game 2.

One of your illusions does 0 damage, the other only does 20%. If you're doing 100 damage, that means the Doppelganger illusions are only increasing your total damage by 20. 

IMO you should max Rush and Lance first, keeping Doppelganger at level 1 to be used solely as an escape, unless you are under tons of pressure in which case you may need the reduced cooldown. 




 I agree with you, and see your edit, however keep in mind there is a big difference between pubstomping (even at high skill) and pro competitive. 




 I don't know how many people know this, but when the hero selection screen shows up (where you can scroll through all the heroes horizontally), if you type the letters of the hero name, it will auto scroll to that hero. So when it loads, if you type S-N it will go to Sniper and you can lock it in. 
























  ascending to power levels 

It'd have to be a really massive power level though.

Maybe over 9000? 




 60% of the people I get queued with on US E don't even speak English. Mic is actually less useful than alt clicking most of the time. 




 No. It only records 1 report per game. This is to prevent stacks from using 3-4 reports on one person with the intention of immediately putting them into Low Priority, whether the reason is justified or not. 




 Well in fairness a deso isn't exactly a high priority Lina item. Yeah it works but there are better items you should go for first. 




 Randoming is fine if done correctly and by someone that can play every hero well. Your team picked a support and a core than can function in multiple lanes and nobody has other heroes highlighted? Go ahead and random. 99% of the time your pick will be fine. And if it gets countered, well it was possible that whatever hero you would have picked anyway could have just as easily been countered. Nobody is willing to first pick a hero and the timer is almost at 0? Go ahead and random. The team has to then build around you (hopefully they do) regardless of whether you randomed or not.

Your team picked 4 cores? Don't fucking random. 




 Please format this better. I'm sorry, but I'm not going to read a gigantic wall of text. Paragraphs are your friend. 




 To touch on the muting part, I never report for communication abuse. The last thing I want is a muted player still playing ranked games and being on my team again. I report for Intentionally Feeding so if someone else does as well, they get Low Priority.

Am I abusing the system? Yeah probably. Oh well. They deserve it for being asshats. 




 I randomed as 2nd or 3rd pick on the team every game last night and am on a 6 game winning streak.

Randoming is fine if you do it smartly and can play all of the heroes to the level of the bracket you're in. 

Team picked a support and a core than can function in multiple lanes? Random your pick. 99% of the time you'll be able to lane it somewhere without a problem, and the bonus gold at the start gives you a nice edge.

Team picked 4 cores and you haven't picked yet? Don't fucking random. 




 BoTs, Shivas, Hex, Aghs, Refresher, Blink/Force. Which do you remove for Skadi?  




 Nobody wants a 2.9k scrub on their team though. Which is unfortunate because the biggest thing I want to do in this game is actually play with a tryhard 5 stack. I've stacked with IRL friends before but they usually use the time to mess around and troll the other team instead of playing to win. 




 My opinion is that if you're playing for fun you should play unranked, and if you're playing to win you should play ranked. Obviously people will disagree with me, but that's how I've always felt in video games.

There's two different sides of matchmaking for a reason. Ranked should be for tryhards, unranked should be for casuals, practice or experimentation (most of the time).

IMO.  




 I'm seeing the midas/aghs rush in high 2k as well. 

And I usually have a good enough ability to recognize what the team needs and can pick a hero I'm good at to fit the situation. I went up 200 MMR by spam picking Troll the past couple days but playing the same exact hero every game, especially one so overpowered right now, gets boring and feels like cheating. 




  However, some consistency is gained around mid-to-high 2k imo. By consistency I mean courier is bought at the start of the game.

Made me lol.

Played a position 4 Spirit Breaker (randomed it first or second pick) this past game. I ended up having to buy courier and every set of wards because the Techies refused to support. We eventually won though so that's what matters I guess. 




  Skull Basher on Sniper is actually a legit build

How? The only feasible option I can see for that being legit is having the bash chance, which is lower for ranged heroes, and we were playing against a PA. So he should have saved up for a MKB instead. I guess Basher gives you 114 health too but that's not worth spending 3k gold on as a sniper.

And if he was planning to build it into Abyssal I see the worth there if he gets jumped on, but realistically it should not be a go to item at all. 




 Probably. But in every sport or game, the best way to get better is to play against, and also sometimes with, people of higher skill than you. 

Not saying I want to consistently play at 5k, but I want to try out a few casual games to see how I do. 




 Is that so? Because I just checked datdota for every available patch and 0 results came up.

Care to share which game? I'd like to see the outcome. 




 I wish there was a way I could just play a few games at 4 or 5k in some kind of practice mode or unranked so I don't drag down people's MMR if I'm the reason for a loss.

I feel like I have the game knowledge and game sense to perform well as a support or member of the team, it's just my mechanics of last hitting aren't up to par with their level to be able to adequately farm well enough to carry a game. 




 He played like he should have realistically. He sat in the back with MoM on and attacked people like he should have. But I made sure to pop BKB and go for him as soon as I saw him every time, especially if MoM was active. 

It wasn't exactly his fault because I played the way I was supposed to, and in a way that countered him. And that's what you need to do against people that build MoMs. If you see it, blow them up. If you ignore it, you get blown up. 




 I know things like this get posted all the time, and this actually isn't a "complaining about my teammates" kind of thread.

I've played between 1.8k and 3.2k MMR over the past year and a half. Currently sitting at 2.9k.

Back when I was sub 2k, people knew nothing and at that time myself included. 10cs at 15 minutes, running into 3 enemy heroes solo, facepalm worthy item builds, etc. 

When I hit 2.5k, it was a bit better. Usually 3 out of 5 of your team knew for the most part what they were doing or how to play the hero they chose decently. There was always the bad egg or two every game that still seemed completely clueless though.

When I popped over 3k, it seemed like for the most part it got better. People knew to farm instead of face rushing enemies at 10 minutes. People could actually land skill shots, knew to TP away instead of just feeding, etc. But I'm still finding absolute retards in most games. Last night, at 2.9k, our Sniper bought a Skull Basher. People still run into a jungle blind looking for a gank and get mad when they die 1v4 because the other team TP'd to a tower and counter ganked. 

I'm nowhere near a perfect or pro player and I know that. Obviously we all have bad games where we get off to a shitty start and can't quite bring it back around. But I don't pick heroes I'm uncomfortable with or don't know how to correctly play, and that's still what I'm seeing even in high 2k. The game I just got out of, our Clinkz flamed the enemy Tidehunter for hacking because he didn't know Orchid didn't do an immediate instance of damage and Tide was able to Blink out before Clinkz could land the first arrow on him (our Clinkz was Russian though so that could also explain his toxic nature.)

My questions would be, assuming I can continue to rise in MMR, when will I see consistently a full team of people that actually know what they're doing all the time? When does the game become more of winning as a coordinated team rather than who has less noobs, for lack of a better word? When can I actually rely on my teammates to make good decisions and play well by themselves instead of feeling the need to be the captain/coach the entire game? 




  IMO it doesn't do that too much.

The MoM Sniper against my PA last game would beg to differ. 




 Sniper will be outputting the most damage on their team. He is usually the #1 priority. The way to beat a Sniper is to take him out of the fight first. If you're letting him get away with barely any HP, then it's your fault for not completing the kill. 

He's annoying to play against, I agree. Just like every high dps hero though, the key is to pressure him early and gank him when he's trying to farm solo. It requires teamwork. An unfarmed Sniper is a useless Sniper. 




  where someone on my team had above 6k mmr. 

 




 There are gap-closers that you can pick that don't require Blink daggers though. Clock, PA, QoP, Pudge (lol), Tusk, just to name 5. 

If you do require a blink, there is almost always an angle you can use to get in close. Obviously you can't just face rush into him because he'll see you. Use fog of war to your advantage, or use a smoke to get behind him. 

You're making it seem like it's impossible to get on top of him. With good play by the Sniper it's by no means easy, but it's not impossible. 




 I've found the opposite to be true. Especially in 2k where you can go up against some absolutely retarded offlane combinations that make your life a living hell.

For example I played a Tiny game yesterday expecting a Batrider solo offlane, but the Sven went with him and maxed Cleave. So they just pushed the wave into the tower and continuously dove me after level 2. It blew. Even with a Magic Stick.

edit: We ended up winning the game fine and everything, and I suppose we did break even on the lane because their dives lead to a couple deaths on their end even though they killed me as well. It just made farming an absolute bitch of a time. 




  His isnt top 10 for anything.

Sprint makes him move at almost max move speed with boots. Maybe three other heroes have an ability similar.

He has an really good AoE stun/slow on an 8 sec CD.

Built in Bash.

His ult reduces enemy hero's armor more than all but 1 spell in the game (Weave) and also gives True Sight on a 5 sec CD costing only 25 mana.

Pro teams are picking him.

 There are so many heroes far better than him at the moment.

There will always be heroes better than other heroes in some situations and worse in others. Slardar fills a certain role (as every hero is intended to), and that role is to essentially to amplify damage onto a single target and allow them to be instantly bursted down. 

He's fine. 




  Make his ult a skillshot with aoe

Why have I never seen this suggested? Holy shit that would be awesome. 

1. It would make the hero far more interesting because you will actually be sniping people instead of just clicking on them at 3000 range and it auto hits them.

2. All of the noobs who pick him and press R to win would actually need to get a little bit of skill in order to use the hero to max potential.  




 Shrapnel does a lot less late game than it does in the laning stage though. If your 3 cores have BKBs, Shrapnel is useless unless he's throwing it on supports. He could also hold onto the charges in case the enemy team is trying to run away after maybe losing the fight and play clean up, but that's not overpowered that's just smart play. 




  the fact you think im a dick makes you a complete dick, and now ill start trolling just like you and your buddy ellran.

This is why you get reported every game. They aren't even trolling. They're completely correct. 

/thread 




  No other combo can beat this combo at early game.

Omniknight + anything. Position yourself well, ward the jungle so the CM can't just run behind you, if CM freezes your carry just Repel him.

Lane won. 




  please help

I'll contact the authorities post-haste.  




 Slardar is fine. 




  I think taking away the vision that shrapnel gives would be a fair way to ~~balance the hero~~ nerf him completely into the ground. 




 Not going to watch the replay, but being in 2k he's just butthurt you stomped him. 




  you will be out of the "toxic" bracket soon enough right?

The only way to get out of the toxic bracket is to uninstall and play something else. 




 Teammate sees lowest MMR person.

Abandons immediately.

Game doesn't count.

I'm fine with that. 




  ruined a game for ~~9~~ 4 other people.

The winning team is grateful for abandons in Ranked usually. Free MMR. 




 Have two different accounts. The first was calibrated at 1.8k in 2013, highest I rose was 3.2k in a year's playing time before a massive losing streak, turning 21 (drunk dota is bad dota) and general discouragement/giving up in games dropped me down to around 2.4k. Don't think I've touched that account in months. 

Made another account, calibrated at 2.6k a month or so ago, sitting at 2.8k at the moment.

Which account? 




 At level 2 with Warcry you run at 330 ms. That's faster than every hero without boots except Ench (335) and Luna (330).

Sven can get a Soul Ring with the same timing as an Earthshaker, probably even earlier considering ES's usually don't spend their first levels doing pulls whereas a Sven could. He only needs level 8 as a support to have the skills you really want. Hell, you could even leave the stun at level 1 if you don't need the damage from it, considering the stun duration and cooldown remain the same at all levels and put points into stats to increase your mana pool if you're that concerned about it. 




  far enough to away to harras and too far for viper to hit you

TA's Attack Range = 140 + 60/120/180/240 depending on level of Psi Blades.

Viper's Attack Range = 575

All Viper has to do is stand on the creeps and orb walk you. You've never played this lane have you?  




 I was playing Viper. 




 You only need Soul Ring to be effective as a support early game. Storm Hammer has a longer cast range, longer stun duration and does the same damage as Magic Missile, for example. Skip Cleave and Ult. At level 2 you get the stun and a 12% Move Speed Bonus and +4 armor in an AoE around you. Buy a couple Clarities to support the buff until Soul Ring.

 




  TA

Viper destroys TA in lane. 




 Hm. That's basically just Eblade excluding the dot.

What about an item that upon cast (Point Target, Unit Target?) creates an AoE root effect. Sort of like an Overgrowth but with a fast projectile? Atos is 3100, GS is 1600 so maybe make the recipe cost 1000 for a 5700 total cost? 




 A 6k lost mid to a 4k? Please post dotabuff so we can laugh at him. 




 Definitely Weaver. I know exactly how far I can push the limits of the hero before I need to Time Lapse, easy escape with Shukuchi, and is all around just a fun hero to play. 

Also 6.81 Eblade/Dagon5 Tinker. I spam picked that and went up like 500 MMR. It was great. I still consider him top 3 but he's not as much fun to play any more.

And I have a 70% winrate with Bloodseeker over 68 games because he was the first one I really learned how to play over a year ago but I don't really pick him any more because he's so fucking easy to play now. 




 It's easier to win playing as a great carry with a shitty support than a great support with a shitty carry for the most part. 

A game this morning ended up with our Sniper building a Skull Basher. I wanted to cry. 




 The most annoying thing is when your team is balanced and the enemy team just picks 5 cores or 4 cores and a greedy support, you dominate the first 25 minutes but can't finish that early and the comeback mechanics give their cores an item each after a team fight and then you lose because you're trying to fight into a fucking Sven, PA, WK, Tinker and Batrider that suddenly got an influx of 2.5k gold each.

Fuck that. 




 Played a game earlier where our Lina would Euls the enemy carry during our LC's duel insisting "it's the combo for my stun."

I face palmed so hard I actually hurt myself. 




 It could be 50%. I doubt it, but it's possible. The title is

 Lets talk about Aghs Treant in Pro games

Well I'm talking about it. 




 Alchemist would literally never be picked even moreso than now. Nobody would play a hero where if you die you give MORE gold to the enemy team than you already do. That's asking to be ganked every time you show your face out of the fountain because you're a walking money pool. 




 It could work as a niche last pick. 

Out of the 25 most popular heroes in 6.83 pro games according to datdota, the only ones with innate tree clearing abilities are Rubick (Telekinesis breaks trees upon landing), Venge (Swap destroys trees), Slark (Pounce destroys trees where he lands), Batrider (Firefly), Storm Spirit (Ball Lightning), Ember Spirit (Fire Remnant) and Io (Tether). If you bump it up to top 50 it only adds Lina (LSA) , Enigma (Midnight Pulse), Phoenix (Dive, Sun Ray destroys trees he moves over, and Supernova destroys trees in the radius upon casting), Jakiro (Macropyre) and Beastmaster (Wild Axes). 

13 out of 50 are fine odds for me considering the level of effort some of those heroes would require to do it without a QB and gem.

I don't know that I agree with dumping tens of thousands of net worth into a Treant Protector safe lane farmer, but it could be a pocket strat. 




 Absolutely not. Then you would just get griefers who buy courier and disable the rest of the team from using it. 

Every player would then basically have to buy their own courier. 




 Someone in my 2.8k game last night was adamant about picking Treant for safe lane hard carry farmer. Claimed he was going to rush Aghs to farm the entire map and then Mjollnir because Treant is so high dps.

Although it theoretically could work, we had serious doubts about trusting someone to actually pull that off and he picked AM. We still won so I guess it ended up okay. 




 So don't pick him into lineups that have those heroes? Problem solved. 




  i'm peruvian

RIP my sides. 




 If only the last pick jungle midas juggernaut I had the misfortune of playing with last night could read this. 




  For each enemy hero that dies in X range of alchemist, he will gain a charge

 that when an enemy heroes dies in X range of alchemist, the rubber band effect is ignored and consumes a charge

So it does absolutely nothing? 




 You're not exactly supposed to win the lane against Viper, he's a lane dominator. He's one of the heroes you just need to shut down early. An unfarmed or underleveled viper is useless. 




 Troll absolutely destroys Sniper. If he's 1k MMR all he has to do is build Shadow Blade.  




 Pick Troll Warlord. If they try to go on you, go melee mode, pop your melee whirling axes so they get a miss chance, pop ult and murder them.

Also he's overpowered. 




 Really now?

There are only about 580 players on the Dota 2 Leaderboards showing at over 6k MMR. Europe ends its 200 player leaderboard at 6172, and China ends its at 6017. Americas and SE Asia drop to 5.7k MMR and 5.5k MMR in the top 200 respectively. Let's just do a math's sake assumption and estimate 11,000 players above 5k MMR even though that number is probably way more than the actual total, but I highly doubt less. And I think it's safe to assume that every pro is above 5k.

So what you're suggesting is that there are 4,389,000 people between 3.0 and 4.9k MMR (top 60th percentile being at 3k would mean there are 4.4 million over 3k, then subtracting out the 11,000 over 5k). The top 90th percentile in Dec 2013 consisted of 500,000 players. The top 90th percentile now would consist of 1.1 million players (if we round the current number up to 11 million). 

11,000 of those people (by these numbers) are above 5k. So 1.089 million out of the 4.39 million we need to find the top 10% are somewhere in the 3.0k MMR and 4.9k MMR range. If 5k+ only holds 11,000 players, that means 5k+ is roughly the 99.9th percentile. Meaning 3k-4.9k would consist of 39.9% of the player base, or slightly less than 4.4 million players. We already know that isn't true, because of the relatively common occurrence of MMR discrepancies you find even in 4k, where teams queuing can have a difference of up to 500 MMR (and sometimes more) between their respective highest and lowest MMR players, whereas if you're queuing at anywhere from 2-3k you're hard pressed to have that difference be more than 50. 

We can assume the players that were above 3k in Dec 2013 are still above 3k. What you're suggesting, again, is that in the span of 15 months, instead of 500,000 out of 5 million players being above roughly 3k MMR, there are 3.9 million NEW PLAYERS out of 11 million (4.4 million or 40% minus the existing 500,000) above 3k MMR. I have no idea how many of them have MOBA experience in the past, but I highly doubt that almost two thirds of the 6 million are above the skill level that would have put them in the top 10% of players only a year ago, also taking into account that a very generous number of the people playing Dota 2 in 2013 were most likely people with previous Dota and MOBA experience, already making them more skilled than someone who heard about it for the first time when its popularity took a meteoric rise. It was released for public beta in 2011. In the 2 years up to these stats being released, it'd accrued 5 million players. That number doubled in the next 12 months. 

The skill difference between a 3k player and 4k player is very noticeable. The reason for that is the lower number of players in that range. Go between 2k and 3k and you don't notice as much of a difference, although yes the difference is definitely still there.

If I had to make an educated guess, the 99th percentile (top 110,000 players) would be 4500 and the 90th percentile (top 1.1 million players) would still be somewhere in the 3k range, probably close to 3750 on the high end. I'd place the 60th at 2200 honestly. Popularity doesn't bring masters. Popularity brings casuals. The masters are the ones who've been playing this for years, and they're the ones that fill the top percentiles. Obviously there are cases where someone picked it up and excelled immediately, but that's not every player.

I calibrated ranked around December 2013 immediately at level 13. Never even heard of Dota previously except for a friend mentioning that he played it and got me to install it and try it out. I obviously knew jack shit about the game, and was quite terrible even after so many games. Got put at 1.8k. I looked through some of those games a little while back, and it was plainly obvious how terrible I was, in le reddits opinion, from my builds and stats and just remembering how I used to play. And yet back then I was almost of equivalent skill as the average player.

I'm sorry but there's no way almost half of the player base is over 3k MMR.

  




 This is anecdotal, but a game I played a couple hours ago ended up my team winning 63-26 in 38 minutes. 

We were messing around at the end with a couple lanes of racks down and 3 players on 7 kill streaks or higher (it was a massive stomp for us from the get go) and we got team wiped. 

2 of their heroes were able to buy full hearts in the span of the 2 minutes it took to get back to their ancient. 5 people on a godlike streak should only give 5k gold, right? Considering a godlike streak after 30 minutes usually gives 1k to a player maximum? 

2 of their players ended up with at least 5.5k each. Seems a bit stupid to me. 




 I don't remember when I was below 2k, but in the past week he's gotten picked or at least locked at first in a decent number of games. 




 I like to think of it as ONLY 2 million out of the 11 million are better. Makes me feel less bad. 




 10% of 10 million (rounding down from the 10,948,367 currently on the home screen) is 1 million.

If you're in the top 90%, you're above 9 million people.

1% of 10 million (again rounding down for math's sake) is 100,000. If you're in the top 99% you're above 9,900,000 people.

It's basic math. 




 Is it just me or have Russians abandoned US E? I haven't seen a toxic Russian in months. It's all South Americans now.  




 Ursa jungle gets picked every 5 games or so in upper 2k unless you manage to convince them otherwise. It's annoying. 




 I hope they update that sometime soon. With the total only 50,000 away from 11 million unique players last month it would be really interesting to see if the numbers changed at all. 

It's also crazy to think that if I'm 3.0k I'm "better" than over 9 million people at this game.

And then I remember that there are probably over a million people who use their mouse to click their spells instead of using hotkeys. 




  the STANDARD in an RTS ,which dota is, is NOT WASD.

And yet the default camera control in Dota 2 is WASD.

Bye Felicia. 




  Depends on what style you came from.

Do you know how to read? If you're coming from a FPS then you're used to and comfortable with WASD. WASD is far more common over every PC game than mouse movement. It's considered the standard and default (hence why it's defaulted to WASD in Dota 2) movement controls for PC games. Games that use mouse movement as default are the minority. Do games have an option to use mouse movement instead? Yes. But the standard is WASD. 




  I have played 

Third person games use Edge Pan, First Person use WASD. Depends on what style you came from. WoW, for example, is 3rd person but also uses WASD. So it's definitely still common. 




 Playing on US E helps me learn Spanish, so I guess it's not all bad.

On a serious note though, it's actually really stupid that I queue for US E and have to ask "English?" at the start of a game to see if I'm going to be able to communicate. 




  have no clue why would someone use something like that.

Pretty much every PC game uses WASD as the default player/camera movement. I can't think of a game I have played where it's been different as the default. Therefore, it's what people are most likely most comfortable with if you've been PC gaming for longer than playing Dota 2.
 




 I made a thread about this the other day. The consensus I got was that those 4 extra keys are used for your control groups to make micro'ing easier. 

Personally, I've only been playing Dota 2 for a year and a half. Before that I used WASD for movement of some kind in every game for the past 7 years of online gaming. It's muscle memory at this point. I have absolutely no problem changing up my hotkeys a bit and reaching the two inches with my index finger to hit another key, especially being a hardcore WoW player for 4 years where your spells required you to hit 1 through = on a consistent basis.

You can try it out, but it's not going to magically make you a better player if you're not comfortable with it. In fact, you're going to have to spend a lot of time getting used to it and you'll be worse until you do.  




 It's about half and half. The South Americans are the worst usually as far as significantly stupid things 




 If its an Aghs upgrade though, its 4200 gold and an item slot. If you think about a late game sniper running Phase, Mjoll, Daed, Bfly, Mkb, MoM for example that's a fuckton of damage. But is replacing any of those really worth it? I mean I guess you can ditch the MoM, but I probably wouldn't.

And if he needs BKB in the game, that's definitely not worth it. 




 People do stupid things in literally every game I play in. I don't think that really applies. 




  since he has a tool to cancel them on his own

Only if he knows where they are. If you blink out of fog there's nothing he can do. 




 It's already in the game. Lifestealer Infest allows you to control a creep. 




 That's actually not that bad. The mana cost is 175/275/375, and aside from Skadi nothing he builds increasing his int. Add in another 150 mana if you use all 3 Shrap charges, it's not like he's going to get more than 2 off in a fight anyway. 




 Spam picked Troll last night, went 9-2 with the longest win only being a 38 minute game in upper 2k MMR.

This hero's retarded. I died 3 times mid lane before 10 minutes in two of the wins. All it takes is level 11 and an Alpha Wolf to solo Rosh and suddenly you're unstoppable. Proceeded to end the game 25 minutes later on a Godlike streak in both of them.

1 loss came from our entire team just getting massively outplayed, the other was a poorly taken fight that resulted in 5 deaths and only me having buyback and we got gg pushed.
 




  Can we please fix the Sand King bot?

Silly me how could I have forgotten. I'll get right on that for you. 




 Like someone else said, if you're upper 4k you should try joining a semi-pro team or league or something. 

I would love the opportunity to try that out because I play so much fucking better if I have a supportive team around me that cooperates with a game plan rather than playing completely solo, but nobody wants a 2.8k scrub on their team even if I offer to play support :( 

There are so many games I could have won if the 4 randoms on my team would have pushed towers or taken Roshan after a team fight rather than going back to farm. But usually the way it goes is 2 don't speak English, 1 is trying to go for the highest GPM instead of the win and the other is a toxic feeder. But that's Dota pubs for you. 




 Slark is a hero that I haven't seen mentioned that absolutely shits on Sniper. Build Shadow Blade and run around ganking him. 

Any hero with Blink initiation is great against him. Axe and Batrider come to mind. 

The key to shutting him down completely is to wreck him early game. An unfarmed Sniper is still slightly annoying, but nowhere near as much of a threat as you'd think.

If he gets farmed, ignore the team around him and kill him first in team fights. He will output the most damage on their team if left to his own devices, and he's extremely squishy because normally people build him like a glass cannon. 




 Battle Fury should not usually be used as a damage item. It is a farming accelerator. Some heroes benefit from the Cleave effect in team fights (Ember Spirit using SoF, or Jug using Omnislash for example) but you really don't build this item for the damage at all.

It's core on AM because it accelerates his farm and makes him one of the fastest farming heroes in the game. It's core on Ember because of the synergy with SoF. Situationally, you can build one on PA as well to accelerate your farm and cleave massive crits. Not many heroes really should build this item though. 

People build it on Kunkka as well, for reasons I can understand but can't adequately explain (something something double cleave effect idk).  
 




 So I live in Cincinnati, which is 2 hours away from Columbus and I really want to go to this.

Anyone have a website link or something with information? Do you need to prebuy tickets or anything? Google isn't helping much. 




 Eh Sniper is okay I think. Shrapnel is his only skill that MAYBE could use a tiny nerf because it's ridiculous in the lane but eh.

Troll on the otherhand is fucking retarded. I spam picked him the past two days and went 11-2. Base movement speed dropped by 10 is needed. Maybe increasing the cooldown on his ult by 10-20 seconds as well because if you have any enemy T2 down and you win a team fight, its pretty much instant racks regardless of enemy buyback timers.

Or just remove his built-in bash. He gets a free 3k gold item on a hero that every 30 seconds attacks at near max attack speed. I think removing the bash would make him trash tier in people's eyes though, which is usually what you want to avoid. 




 Could be that I've gotten better I guess. I don't know, I've bounced a couple times between 2.5 and 3.0 in the span of a week or two and I didn't notice it. 




 Didn't say they were bad. That's just their style of play half the time in 2k bracket. If two teams disregard farm and just kill each other, the winning team still gets +25 MMR. 




 Once you hit 2.5k pretty much everyone knows you need to farm, unless you're playing US E at bad hours where you get all South Americans that stop farming at 8 minutes and just start running at you.

 




 People ask how to improve MMR to get out of 2k.

I gave them the solution.

Kappa. 




 I've played from 1.8k to 3.2k.

I barely notice a difference between 2.5 and 3.0 




 That's a good suggestion as well.

Or just pick Troll. I've won 5 out of 6 with him today even though I got "shut down" in the laning stage. 

It's stupid. All he needs is Aquila/Phase/HoD and an alpha wolf to solo Rosh, then you group up and push. If the enemy team fights you, you win the fight unless you're extremely outplayed considering you have to blow cooldowns on an Aegis Troll or he'll annihilate your team, creating space for the rest of your team to come in and clean up, and if they don't fight you you just mow down two lanes with Battle Trance.

Rinse and repeat two more times, gg 35 minutes. 




 This was a tongue in cheek post to mock everyone always asking how to get out of the trench, while also pointing out the problem that the hero is plain overpowered right now. 




  Kappa

 




 Why farm when you can pick a hero that has a 30 sec CD ult only countered by Omniknight and mow down towers to end a game in 30 minutes?

Kappa, but it's also true. 




 Not necessarily. The skill difference between 2.5k and 3.0k is hardly noticeable. If you spam pick Troll, win 20 games and jump 500 MMR, you're probably not going to drop like a rock afterwards. 




 Well, people at 5k for example are generally skilled enough to deal with a Troll. At 2k, you will rarely find a game where all 5 players know how to deal with a Troll, not to mention find a game where all 5 players can properly coordinate and execute the playstyle to deal with a troll. 




 Pick Troll Warlord before he's nerfed. He's instant win 90% of the time. 

You're welcome.

ITT: Nobody understands tongue in cheek. 




  Right now lightning storm is pretty useless

80/140/200/260 nuke and a mini slow on a 4 sec CD. It's arguably his best spell considering Edict is situational, Pulse Nova is situational, and his stun isn't always reliable unless you have a setup. 




 I was in a game earlier where I mic'd up to tell the mid SF (who spoke English and had been typing previously) that Spirit Breaker was charging mid.

He responds by flaming me saying he doesn't use sound and I should have pinged instead. He proceeded to feed the rest of the game, even after I switched to pings. I hate people. 




 Darude - Sandstorm 




 I want to know what they base those "random" surveys on after some games are over. "Did you enjoy playing with ___ player" or whatever they are. Because 90% of those end up being either someone who was flaming the whole match or who was absolutely terrible. I always give them the lowest rating. Not sure what it accomplishes, but it makes me feel better. 




 I'm pretty sure every bracket is equally toxic. 




 Okay. 




 You're talking about someone in 750 MMR you dip shit. If they're 750 MMR, obviously they don't farm fast. 

And you're also talking about someone who, if they knew how to farm heroes already, would be doing so. But you know what the biggest mistake of low MMR tiers is? Not farming! Ask anyone in this subreddit and they'll tell you the same thing. Avoid fights early on, get a gold advantage, and then go killing.

Your suggestion is completely wrong. 




 A snowball hero doesn't snowball without basic items. You need to farm for those. 20 minutes of good farm on these heroes compared to fighting for the first 15 and you'll dominate. You must be new.

lel 




 At 750 MMR the only thing you need to do is play a snowball hero and outfarm the enemy team. DO NOT participate in early team fights. Let your team die around you and focus on farming. 

Practice last hitting in bot matches, get bigger items and levels before everyone else, and make sure you picked a tempo controller (TA, Bloodseeker, Slark, Nightstalker for examples) that can 1v1 win fights against heroes that are out of position. 

The lowest MMR I was ever at was 1.8k when I calibrated a year and a half ago. Don't rely on your team at all. In fact, I'd mute them all and just farm for 20 minutes. Then come out with a higher net worth than everyone on a hero that can 1v2 or 1v3 if needed and massacre them. 




  when in fact they are (generally) of equal skill.

This is the part I don't get. I'm at 3k. Half the people I get queued with make me wonder how they even managed to load up the game in the first place, another 45% seem like your average player, 3% are actually hey you know what the fuck you're doing and then the last 2% are god tier. 

I know a hell of a lot about this game from being active on this subreddit and watching pro gameplays. I can load into a match and tell my team exactly what items to build for situations, when to back in teamfights, what heroes would be best against their lineup or to synergize with ours, etc. The problem is most of the time my team doesn't fucking listen. (Trying to tell my team to take Roshan after winning a team fight when we're behind to reduce our deficit, give us another advantage, and also deny it from the enemy team. My team refuses to listen, the enemy team takes Roshan 10 minutes later and pushes to win. This happens constantly.)

I suppose it's my mechanical skills that aren't up to par with people of higher MMRs, but considering how many people (even carries) I see at 3k just auto attacking creeps or not using items/abilities when they need to I'm baffled that they're considered the same skill level as me.

And then if I manage to carry their 2-14-8 feeding support asses to victory, they rise in MMR and are viewed as higher skilled. Makes sense. 




 You need to get your diffusal before you're useful in any way. I still think he's best as safe lane to secure it asap, but I've been trying him offlane just to see what happens. With Soul Ring he's great at harassing a potentially squishy enemy carry out of lane if the supports rotate away.

I've had a 50/50 split as far as success goes, I've really only played like 6 games so far though. 




 Ideally you let your teammates initiate fights so you're not first target, but still ouputting a really high amount of damage.

I'm still tinkering with it, and not pro by any means.  




 Dagon 5 + Aghs is more fun. 




 Troll needs his base movement speed dropped by 10 and the health bonus halved during Berserker's Rage in my opinion. That won't kill the hero in any way, but it'll make him more balanced.

Axe...just fuck Axe. I hate that hero. No hero should be able to continuously creep cut your safe lane with a Stout Shield and RoP at level 2. It's fucking retarded. Especially if he has another hero with any kind of disable with him. You're just fucked unless it's a low skilled player. Change the scaling of his Counter Helix from 100/135/170/205 to 50/115/175/205 and it might be alright. Or cut down his starting health a bit.  




 I've been running him offlane recently. Starting out with RoP, 4xTangos, 1xSalve, 2xggbranches. 

Soul Ring, Treads, Diffusal, Vlads, Manta, Skadi, gg. 




  Why isn't Kunkka picked more then?

Because he's not overpowered like Axe or Troll currently are. 




  Visage

Since when? 




 [Logitech M510](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41%2BcyeIQuSL.jpg)

2 buttons on the left side, I've only hotkeyed one so far and it's my microphone key. I don't use open mic because my mic is a piece of shit and I have background noise, so this makes it a hell of a lot easier than somewhere on the keyboard.

I think they're fine to use. It's the same logic as buying $100 headphones to play first person shooters. Whatever gives you the advantage over your opponent. 
























  we can came much closer to lol

Pretty sure nobody cares about or wants that. If they wanted to play LoL, they'd play LoL. 




 It's 7 minutes already. If it started at 7 and increased as the game progressed, how would you scale that? 

1 minute extra per 10 minutes of game time would lead to buybacks being 12 minutes at 50 minutes. But people rarely buy back in the first 30 of the game anyway. The only reason they do is to get immediately back into an engagement to turn the tide for their team, which is the opposite of what OP is talking about. And that extra 5 minutes isn't really anything.

 




 Aghs Tinker and BF SB are really the only things I see wrong with this. Having faith that his Perseverence is for a Linkens and not Refresher.

No supports on the Dire but that happens in every bracket. 




 No. 




  buy a force staff and push me into a pudge hook or something

I've done similar things unintentionally just trying to be helpful. Oh shit the carry got arrowed, I have a Force Staff, I'll save him! Oh...he was facing the enemies...my bad. 




  The bad thing in that style of gameplay is that it needs skilled team and people willing to co-operate, both lacking from 90% of pub players. 

Not strategies, just specific heroes.

I basically learned how to play Puck from watching s4 do it and then trying him out in pubs after I saw how it was done. Now I laugh at the 3k Pucks that choose him and don't orb over cliffs to escape ganks, or phase shift Assassinates, etc. 

Just an example. You'll also learn what builds are appropriate for what situations from the casters (assuming you're watching good ones) and why. It's something you'll eventually learn by playing, but I learned way faster watching vods.

I never played a game like Dota before this. Closest I came was 4 years of World of Warcraft. My initial calibration when I calibrated back in October 2013 was 1.8k. Rose to 2.2k or so over the next year, but completely stagnated. Since then I've risen to 3.1k, and I can attest a ton of it to watching tournament vods. 




 We know. 




 From what I've seen in my pubs LC is amazing against Crystal Maiden. However, the other 4 heroes shit stomp her. 




 Pretty much this. Everyone knew that after Puppey left NaVi just wasn't going to be the same.  




 Empire taking a (albeit former) NaVi player? Is it April Fools Day or something? 




 Earth Spirit wrecks every hero provided you actually can play him to his full capabilities. I've never tried to learn him, but apparently up in 4-5k he's absolute hell to play against. 




 Currently it's FL!P. This is taken from my handle in pretty much all of my other games which is Candy Flip. A Candy Flip is when you do LSD and MDMA at the same time. Really fun to do, and Candy Flip is a pretty sweet name. Came up with FL!P because there are some people I don't exactly want to explain a drug reference to, and the exclamation point instead of the i is kind of like flipping the i over. I dig it. 




 Probably my favorite Brit song. Womanizer is up there too though. Upvote. 




 She's picked often. Teams usually wait until 4th or 5th pick to get her because if you pick her up too early it gives away your plan and it can be countered. The downside to that is she is also often banned in the last stages because pro teams can see what you're going for and how she would fit into it, and ban her. 




 I learned more from watching pro games than I ever would have learned by just playing the game.

You see pros playing heroes to their full capability. When you see it done, you can replicate it with some practice. If you're 1k, 2k, 3k even MMR you'll rarely see a hero played to it's fullest. 




 Shadow Demon is a support I might start picking against Troll. Disruption/Force Staff to save an ally, Purge goes through BKB. 

Bane's Fiends Grip can lock him down too provided you position yourself well.

The problem with Troll is you need to 5v1 him. And that means the rest of his team, under the benefit of his ult, destroys your team. 




 The instant Skywrath silence is a bigger counter than Kotl. 




 I use it as a mind game. There have been numerous times where I told the enemy team to gg ff mid and we had 4 heroes smoked off to the side, they went in for racks, we surprised them and 5 wiped them, proceeding to get a bunch of gold from comeback mechanics to eventually win the game.

ez mmr 




 Wraith King is great for a 4-turned-core role. Build an early midas to help get your level 16 and some better farm and you're solid. 




 People always insta pick WR when I pick Troll. Okay she can run away from you, big deal. Build MKB - useless WR. If you even need to.

Lina is great against Troll if you play her well. Her Aghs upgrade destroys him, and you can Euls him or yourself to potentially survive if he goes on you in a teamfight. If he bashes you you're fucking dead though.

 




 Maxing Tide is one of those things where it's not what you SHOULD do, but it works well enough to get away with it. 




 Haha actually you're right, especially if you hit it at a slightly wrong angle and ended up trapped inside of the rubble instead of going through. Happened to me a few times. 




 Roaming with carries is generally a bad idea because you should be using that time to be farming up early items, unless you're in a 4 or 5 core lineup where someone else has farm priority.

The best roaming supports, in my opinion, are Earthshaker, Skywrath, Lion, Lina (if the lane has a setup stun), Venomancer with boots first isn't bad if you land the gale, SD/Bane assuming theres lockdown to follow the Disruption/Nightmare. 




 Pocket Abaddons when I play PA are fucking beautiful. 




 It's Eul's that needs a bit of a nerf, not Lina. She just benefits from it massively.

Her Aghs ult is extremely strong right now. I wouldn't say it's too strong, but it's up there for best Aghs upgrade in the game. 




 Depends on where you're laning him. Tidebringer is insane harassment, but it also pushes the wave extremely hard. 

If you're mid or safe lane, you should max torrent and X for kill potential at 6 in my opinion. If you're safe, you don't want to continuously push the lane, if you're mid you're most likely going up against someone with a bottle that can regen through your harassment.

The Tidebringer max isn't useful except for being extremely fucking annoying to play against, and helping you farm in a way. However, Kunkka isn't a hero that you want to be farming that much realistically. Kunkka doesn't rely on items, he relies on proper usage of his skill combinations. A good Kunkka doesn't need tons of farm to be useful, hence why maxing Tidebringer is just annoying for the other team. 




 Icefrog fucked Necro in pubs by putting a support tag on him on his profile. He's not a support at all. Even though his support tag has been removed, a lot of ignorant players still believe him to be a support because of that reason.

Also any hero with a built in heal and that Mek is core on is automatically a support in trash tier players' eyes. 




 That would be retarded.

I think the pick/ban setup in CM could use adjustment though.

What about 3 bans to start (per team), then 2 picks, 1 ban, 2 picks, 1 ban, 1 pick.

We're seeing the same 4 out of 10 heroes picked in the first phase in over 90% of games. This would mean each team gets to ban another hero before they pick their initial 2.

Just a thought. 




 I'm surprised it took Radiant 64 minutes to win that game. 

2000 MMR? 




 PA/Abaddon/CM. Such a deadly trio. Found this out in a 30 minute stomp last night. We took racks at 20 minutes and Abaddon and I (the PA) didn't leave the enemy base until the game was over. 




 He's easy to play, but takes a lot of practice to play well. The combination of your X Marks ability, Torrent and Ghost Ship will take a lot of positioning knowledge and timing practice to be done correctly. Don't get discouraged if you don't land them immediately.

Also, a neat trick, if you're running a bottle, cast X Marks on yourself, TP to base, and you get a free bottle refill when it brings you back. 




 Yeah that's intended. 




 If I'm in ranked I'm trying to win every game.

I don't play unranked except to practice heroes or different builds. 




 IG is one of my favorite teams to watch, have been since before last years TI.

They were actually my pick to win TI4 in the Compendium, but alas they let me down. 




 It's not complicated.

If the DC happens before first blood, and he does not reconnect in 5 minutes, regardless of if first blood happens, the game will not count.

If the DC happens before first blood, then first blood happens, and he reconnects within five minutes, the game will count.

People are stupid. 




 The idea is that if you pick captain, you should be able to play every hero in the pool/that you draft, so if you draft a hero for yourself but one person on your team can only play that hero out of the others that you drafted, you should let them have it and play another hero.

I think if you're queuing for CM in the first place you should be able to play everything, but that apparently isn't the case. 




  If he doesn't have sceptre up

 A early aghs on Doom is so fucking strong

Learn to read. 




 Most good Dooms are buying Tranquils these days and will start with a RoP. If they're concerned about getting ganked or harassed, they'll devour a Wildwing and get the aura. Between the two of those that's +6 armor, for a total of 7 potentially at level 1.

Have fun. 




 I'm 3k and I actually prefer playing at these hours. Generally the players are less skilled and I can take over a game easier. 

Yesterday morning, maybe around 6 AM, I was Enigma and we had a WD on our team. The game was pretty close, I'd say we were in the lead around 35 minutes but it definitely could have gone either way. WD and I were running away from a team fight that we had just lost, followed closely by the 5 members of their team that had survived. We had a PL that got picked off earlier, that was respawning around this time. Radiant bottom lane, where our T1 used to be, I blinked into the trees, WD tried a juke spot. Our PL repsawned, TP'd into the T2 and started running to help us. Their team split into groups of 2 and 3, the 2 went after WD, who promptly casked and Aghs ulted them to death, and the group of 3 thought I TP'd out, so went after our PL. Luckily for me my Black Hole had just come off cooldown, and I BKB blinked into the center of them and used it with the aid of PL.

5 wipe, three of them rage quit. So satisfying. 




 Pick Troll Warlord. Easy MMR. 




 EG.

They'd cut you and ppd would pour salt in your wounds. 




 At least you don't forget you have items.

Can't even begin to count how many times I've forgotten to activate my Satanic. 




  More money won.

Xboct has won 3 times the amount EE has won in Dota 2. 




 Played one against a PL and a Meepo the other day.

Some of the most satisfying echo slams I've ever landed. 




 The players. 




 Can you site your source please 




 From dota2.gamepedia: 

 Juggernaut can perform normal attacks during Blade Fury icon.png Blade Fury, but these attacks will deal no damage to enemies being affected by Blade Fury icon.png Blade Fury.

So if I'm 1v1'ing an enemy hero, my auto attacks will do no damage to them while under they are being affected by Blade Fury. Things like Basher, MKB, Diffusal will still proc though.

Is this correct?

edit: Cool so I got reported in my last game for being correct. I hate people. 




 Depends on your carry. I've been picking AM against jug recently, he omnis me and I just blink away. Spectre can Haunt out of it. Manta Style softens the blow of it on those carries as well as someone like Dusa. Hell you can even build a shadow blade if jug doesn't have a slot for detection.

On the topic of AM though, it really shows how overpowered jug is that he outcarries an AM at every stage of the game with only needing an abyssal. 




 I think you could turn it off, but yeah it was stupid. 

Doesn't change that Most Wanted was my favorite racing game of all time though. I honestly don't think I could find a flaw in that game. The gameplay was perfect, the soundtrack was perfect. I probably played through that like 4 times. 




 Yeah. The best time to gank is when their heroes are at half health due to lane harass, not when they've killed you 2 times and regenerated to full health and mana. 




 Draft nothing but high ground defense with one or two extremely good late game cores (Dusa and Spectre would work). Lose early game, lose all T2s, defend T3s, let comeback mechanics win the game for you. 




  I understand that this was what happened in the TI4 meta

It wasn't even that. Both teams picked early deathball lineups in the finals. Both knew that if they didn't get the extremely early lead, their lineup wasn't going to win. That's why we saw gg's at 20 minutes. 

A huge change in comeback mechanics for the entire game was absolutely not needed based on a pro strategy draft in a tournament finals.

 




 If one player is doing horribly, and are being toxic at the same time, I'll type a simple "wp" into chat every time they do something stupid. But that's all I'll do.

This pisses off the aforementioned player more than directly flaming them, and it does slightly heighten team morale because it's funny watching them get so pissed off.

Does it help you win the game? Not usually. But in what looks to be a sure loss, it helps lighten the blow. 




 God I fucking hate this. A game yesterday had a Troll mid on our team. Easy win right? No, he fucking sucked. As TROLL. Didn't go bottle, didn't go acquila, went directly into Phase/Shadow Blade. 25 minutes in all he had were Phase, SB and a morbid mask. I kept trying to tell him to go solo rosh after 15 minutes and his only response was "play your own hero."

We ended up winning, but definitely not because of him. 




 What I've noticed when people ask for ganks is that they don't ask when it's an opportune time for both parties. They ask when they're losing their lane. 

While you may think this would be the best time to gank, it's really not. If the enemy has an advantage over you, the last thing you should be doing is going to gank their lane and potentially dying because they are so much stronger at that point.

When a side lane feeds 2 kills and demands that I gank, I never do. a 3v2 does not automatically ensure a victory, especially when it's essentially a 2v2 because you got wrecked. 




 The problem is that many heroes in this game are MEANT to excel in the first 20-30 minutes. That's when they're the strongest. These heroes are now punished moreso than before for having their early lead because of an ingame mechanic.

These heroes generally fall off in the late game anyway (Viper, QoP are two examples I can think of immediately). There is no need to punish early game dominators harder simply for dominating, when that's the point of the fucking hero. 




 Some racing games had this same mechanic. If you had a significant lead, the cars behind you went faster to catch up to you. 

It was fucking retarded. 




 What I don't understand is if I queue, click Accept, and can't connect to the game, the home screen tells me the game is safe to leave. So I leave.

Then I'm prevented from matchmaking for 8 minutes for failing to ready up for my game. Okay valve. 




 Just won a 65 minute game because of comeback mechanics. The lineups were:

Drow, WR, Sniper, Timber, Techies on Dire (my team)

vs.

SF, LC, Necro, Invoker, Clock

WR fed SF 3 kills in the first 3 minutes. We lost the early game horrifically. SF bought a really quick BoTs and Shadow Blade, and him and Clock basically went around the map picking off the Drow and Sniper for the next 20 minutes. The only reason we won was because Techies just mined the shit out of the towers and lanes after we lost all T2s around 25 minutes and they couldn't push high ground.

Couple that with the comeback mechanics and synergy between Drow, WR and Sniper (massive damage boost from Drow aura) and we were able to win simply because one kill would give us something like 2k gold and we'd get an item.

We shouldn't have won that game. I'm not complaining necessarily because I got 25 MMR out of it, but without the current comeback mechanics that game would have been over in 35 minutes.

On the flip side, it does slightly prevent a complete mid domination (like this SF over our WR) from ending the game solo. In that case I like it because if 1 of your heroes feeds a ton but the other 4 are doing their job, you're not going to lose because 1 person fed a snow ball hero.

I don't exactly know where I stand with it. On one hand its stupid because if you're in a comfortable lead you should be allowed to win without an in-game mechanic punishing you harder for dying or losing a team fight, but it also slightly prevents snowball heroes from dominating and taking over a game and solo winning in 30 minutes due to a skill disparity, even though that's kind of the point of a snowball hero. 




 Then you run away and make him waste a BKB charge.  




 What? Bloodseeker is fine. Maybe I'm just really good at him, but he was the first hero I ever excelled at and I find him extremely fucking easy to pubstomp with. So easy that I don't even pick him.

Isn't he a Troll counter in a way? Build fast MKB and blade mail, Ult Troll, run at his face, pop blade mail. Troll can't do shit against you. He can TP away, but then I suppose that works too because now Trolls in base instead of raping your entire team. 




 Nobody can complain about the Weaver flair. I win! 




 That aghs ult is so fucking strong. Not overpowered necessarily, but god damn. 




 Eh. I love playing QoP, but I'd pick a Storm Spirit over her any day, and they accomplish pretty much the same goal. 




  They are really good cause no one knows what they do.

That made me chuckle.

But yeah, if you're sub 1k, learn Brood and just avoid fights and push towers. Remember that the point of this game isn't to get as many kills as possible, it's to take the enemies ancient. While the other 9 people are fighting mid at 15 minutes, rat away taking side lane racks and win the game because of it. I highly doubt anyone will buy dust to counter you, and if they do, it'll only be one person. And Brood is a pretty great 1v1'er, so you should be fine.

 100 cs by 15 minutes

That's actually pretty difficult in the trench considering after minute 8 heroes constantly just run at you. If you pick a hero that can rotate to the jungle early then yeah you're fine, but in that case your hero pool is limited. 




 I don't think invis heroes like Clinkz or Riki will ever be super prominent in the meta, simply because you counter invis heroes with a 180 or 200g purchase. 

He's really great pubstomper, but skilled players will rarely be caught out alone because they know to expect a Clinkz looking for them.  




 500 MMR detected 




 If throwing is losing one team fight when you're ahead, that's fucking retarded. 




 Damnit. My dreams are crushed. 




 2k you say?

Brb making my 11 year old half brother a dota account, battle point boosting him to 13 and queuing with him so I can roflstomp OP. 




 If you're radiant you can use the dire camp to pull your creep wave over, which messes with their equilibrium. If you're dire you're pretty SoL just try to not die and get levels and you've done your job. 




 75% win rate with him and I just realized today that the damage, hp and armor didn't scale with points into the ability.

He's too easy. 




 Because you steal stats at a faster rate, increasing your AS/damage at an even higher rate on a hero that has an invisibility ultimate that can't be countered by true sight and gives you faster health regeneration as well coupled with the lifesteal, and bonus movement speed if you don't kill the target during the duration of the Pounce leash.

 




 Play to win in Ranked, play for fun in Unranked is usually what I tell people. 




  Been playing Dota since the Warcraft 3 days

 370 hours racked up in Dota 2

He's not going to be sub 1k. 




 I think all he really needs is base movement speed reduced by 10 and his inherent bash removed, allowing him to build Skull Basher.

This hero does far too much work with just SnY and BKB, as well as being able to scale to the late game incredibly well. He has a built in 3k gold item on a hero whose ult allows him to reach max attack speed. That's kind of stupid. 




 I've wanted to try building MoM on Slark. I've seen people do it in trench tier incorrectly all the time, but if you combine it with orchid that's a fuckton of damage.

SB/Blink in, Orchid, Pounce/Dark Pact, wait for DP damage to stop ticking, activate MoM. 

Retards build MoM and use it before Dark Pact and end up killing themselves, but if you're not bad maybe it could work, especially in conjunction with Shadow Dance because nobody can physically attack you, you'd just need to avoid AoE or point target spells. 




 I don't sympathize with them at all. I'm all for region locking, but Valve won't do it. 




 Damnit I knew that. Must have had a brain fart. 




 Pick Troll Warlord, win game regardless of your team. 




 Because if they don't pick English their queue times are insanely massive most likely. 




 80% of reports I use give me notifications later that action was taken.  




 Pucks not that hard, you just need fast fingers and reflexes. 

If you were implying he's one of the most fun though I agree. 




 Every jug builds MoM this would never happen.

The Troll would dominate it. 




 If nobody picks within the last 3 seconds of the first few rounds I just random. 

We definitely don't need a reward for insta picking heroes. 




 If you start off with a lead, you must proceed to play a perfect game afterwards or else one mistake gives away the advantage you spent the last 10, 20, 30 minutes building. That's fucking retarded. It punishes lineups and heroes that excel early game, even though that's when a large number of heroes in this game are meant to excel.

 It severely punishes players for playing sloppy. and at the same time greatly benefits players for playing well.

While in a way this is true, it's also misleading. One team can play horribly for the first 20 minutes, group up as 5 and get a few pick offs and the game is back to even. 

If you have a lead, you shouldn't have to worry about a mechanic IN THE GAME that allows the losing team to come back easier. 

It's the same premise in some racing video games where the farther you were out in first place, the faster your opponents were able to go to catch up with you. In most of them there was an option to turn this off, but it was stupid as all hell. 




 It applies to all allies around you.

And just as an example, a level 3 Aghs Refresher Zeus ult does 1280 damage before all reductions. 1024 after basic 20% reduction, and 768 after basic reduction + Null Field.

1024-768=256. That's 256 damage you, and all allies around you, aren't taking because of 4 points in passive. 

If you put those points into stats instead, you'd gain 152 health points on just yourself.

If you'd take stats over Null Field, you're wrong.

 




 There's nothing you can do. Just play on and hope they're not in your next game. 




 I was just pointing out that that point doesn't really provide anything. His situation was that he missed the deward. Saying learn how to properly deward indicates you'll be able to properly deward 100% of the time, which is simply not true, and doesn't provide any help to his situation. 




  Laning: when you're playing carry with nukes or other spells that can help your supports get a kill - you should fight enemy offlane when supports initiate, that kill grants much more xp\gold teamwise then 2-5 lasthits you'll make meanwhile.

This is wrong. You should only participate if you're positive you will secure the kill and have communicated so beforehand. Just because a support throws out a stun doesn't mean you need to run away from the wave to follow up stun. 

 Counter-Stacking. If enemy team is making stacks, ask for help for push at your lane then contest those stacks with supports. There were so many games recently with 0-5 enemy offlane tide who gets ravage, participating in 2-2 exchange fight, getting stacks then owning rest of the game. Your supports can't really do much against that.

If you're safe lane and the enemy team is stacking the enemies jungle, there is absolutely no reason you should leave safe lane to help them contest stacks. That's the offlaners job. And if you're contesting ancient stacks with an enemy T1 or T2 still up, have fun getting destroyed when their heroes teleport in to kill you while you contest.
 




 Obviously someone can't read. I called the cops because of the boyfriend beating the mother you fucking twit. 




  learn how to properly deward

Even pros miss dewards.  









 A beginner Bane will constantly misuse Nightmare and Fiends Grip at inappropriate times and get cancelled immediately.

Bane is a hero that if you're picking him without ever seeing the hero played before, you're most likely going to do more harm than good. 




 How the list should be:

Sniper, Viper, Bloodseeker, Nightstalker, Bristleback.

None of these heroes require Blink Daggers, and the only one that requires positioning knowledge is Sniper. The other 4 you can essentially face rush the enemy team and right click to win.

 









  farm, buy items and right click.

Bane carry new meta? Okay. 




 Your responses are astronomically dumber than the question. Good job. 




 This is the only correct answer. 




 Null Field is actually pretty good. It's 20% at level 4 on top of the natural 20% every hero except Visage and Meepo have. 




 As opposed to her odds. 




 Wasn't Secret picking Zai offlane PL with some success? Can't remember specific games though 




  community it selfe gets better.

This will never happen. 




 I've started to drink a beer for every minute there is a pause.

I've also started to develop cirrhosis.  




 Depends on who you stack with. I've stacked with IRL friends that queue ranked and they go in to pick trolling combos or mess around instead of actually trying to win. That's fine if we're queuing unranked, but I don't stack with them any more because if I'm in ranked I'm trying to win, not mess around. 




 Maybe it's different in ranked than unranked. I only play ranked, and in the past month I've maybe been queued with a 3 stack once. Even 2 stacks at my MMR are fairly uncommon. 




 No it doesn't. It just makes it so you can't face rush two heroes and six creeps and spin to win an easy kill at level 2.  




 I used to be one of the early gg'ers if a particular player was doing horribly. I'd never give up, I'd keep trying though. I realized it creates a toxic environment and demoralizes the entire team however.

So now I don't say gg, because that brings down the entire team. I just type a simple "wp" every time that person does something stupid. It's actually been working because the rest of my team finds it kind of funny and lightens the mood in what could be a crushing loss. It also pisses off that particular player more than typing gg does, which is fine because I can then report him if he starts flaming.

Am I wrong to do this? Yeah probably. Oh well. 




 Look on the right side of the screen. 

 New to Dota 2? Start here. 




 I very rarely get matched with people in more than a 2 stack. Guess I'm lucky. 




 I randomed him in a game earlier. Dual safe with a PA against Troll and Omniknight. Had a Nature's Prophet on our team that ported in every time Omni left to check rune. We killed Troll 3 times before 10 minutes.

Then lost the game in 24 minutes because our mid Storm fed their SF 4 kills and they had a Pugna to just mow down our towers.

That's dota for you.

I rarely play Oracle, but it looks like it's a solid pick along side a heavy physical dps carry. 




  go around saving enemies when they are trying to help

 builds an aghs when we have an ns already

Those are individual skill problems. They don't have the skill and knowledge to realize what they're doing on that hero isn't appropriate for their current game.   




 Counter Helix rescale from 100/135/170/205 to 50/115/170/205.

No hero should be able to cut a creep wave at level 2 with two heroes harassing him and walk away having done more damage to the heroes than what he took.  




 The base MS and the bash removal are the only changes out of these he actually needs. All of these will completely destroy the hero. While I wouldn't mind that happening necessarily, it's not an approach you should take. 




 I was thinking that it was because you can't lifesteal from illusions, and while people are saying that, I looked on two different dota 2 wiki's and neither mention that this is true.

It only mentions that illusions don't benefit from lifesteal. Maybe someone has some editing to do. 




 Are you playing in ranked? Because if so, and if you're getting Deso over Euls/Aghs you have every right to be called a noob.

If you're playing in unranked then it doesn't matter. 




 So it does the exact same thing, but as Unit Target instead of Point Target? I don't think that's necessary. 
























 Don't have a twitch account, but you should do [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/319dcr/spooky_lifestealer_build/) and let us know how it goes. 




 Currently he's really weak. He's traditionally run as a mid laner that gets a level advantage and forces down towers early on in the game. However, he's an extremely weak mid laner compared to the heroes being run in mid in the current meta. I can't think off the top of my head any hero you would pick Dragon Knight specifically against. He mainly farms with his Q, however he suffers hard from lack of mana. If you run a Bottle, you need to crow it constantly or make absolutely sure that you secure every rune, else you'll get dominated. Generally you max your Q, followed by passive, taking 1 point in your stun in between, and ult at 6/11/16. 

As far as items go, Treads are core. You'll need either Bottle or Soul Ring for a long time because shit mana pool. Drums used to be great on him but I'm not sure if they're still core. BKB is essential. AC is essential. He falls off really hard after that unless you somehow manage to snowball with a bunch of kills though, because he doesn't flash farm particularly well. If you have to go late game, I'd recommend building Mjollnir and Shivas and just being a fucking massive tank in the front lines. You're not really expected to put out a ton of damage because you're not a "hard carry", but you sure as hell can take some. His passive+Shivas+AC is +42 armor. I'm actually not positive if there's some kind of armor cap on a hero, because +42 sounds a bit extreme. Even if there is, the Active is still great for your team if you don't have anyone else to build it, considering you have a built in Skadi slow at level 3 Dragon Form and I do believe they stack. Daedalus is another option so that could potentially put some damage out as well.

His niche is built around being a complete siege tank in the early game. However, after TI4 early push/deathball strats were nerfed pretty heavily so he's not really useful for anything at the moment. 




 Kind of. Oracle fits a certain lineup. She's both super aggressive and super defensive at the same time. If you have a heavy physical damage team, her W is amazing. If you're against a magic heavy lineup, it can also be super useful on an ally, keeping in mind however that it does disarm them. Her Q is insanely good too.

I've yet to really understand the mechanics of E and R though. All I do know is that I can play her, but not well enough to pick in Ranked. And that she can either be monstrously overpowered, or fuck up your entire teamfight depending on how she's handled.

edit: So after reading it, I'm assuming her E works two ways. Either as a finishing nuke for an enemy hero (great in the laning stage as it does 270 damage at level 3 with a 750 cast range) or you cast it on an ally immediately before False Promise. It's non-lethal to allies, but that's a really risky move if they're anywhere close to 360 health (level 4).

Oracle + Necro would be so fucking strong. E+R+NecroQ+Mek onto something like a Bristleback. Jesus. That combo alone is around a 1200 heal when False Promise ends if the target doesn't take any damage during it. And offensively, she has 660 magical damage from both of her nukes before resistance. Great setup for an easy Reaper's Scythe.

Also I just remembered she is a he, but I'm not fixing the typos. 




 Puck. Unfortunately not picked as often as I'd like to see, but Puck is probably my favorite hero to watch.

As for current meta heroes, probably QoP. I like watching evasive heroes that can make huge plays with spells. 




 Kappa 




  high school

Found your problem. 




 Dotabuff?

 




 It satisfies my need for competition.  




  I'm wondering what pros are using in Ghosts.

Okay.

I don't know if you were paying attention to the video, but he was spectating all 4 different players on the team throughout the match. All 4 were on at least a 7. And Fear was one of the top teams in MW2, as were Optic and nV, all who all definitely played on at least a 7. 

[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDIbiygD7lo) is a gameplay from Optic Nadeshot's perspective in BO2. at 1:16 look at how fast he does a 180. There is no way that is 3 sensitivity. Once again, it's at least a 7. 

I'm also done caring about this. 




 [Optic vs Fear in MW2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EliLUG4OYu4)

This is easily 7 sensitivity, if not higher. I'm sorry, but you're wrong.

Now if you're talking about any game newer than Black Ops 2, I wouldn't know because after BO2 I stopped buying Call of Duty games. But before that, they were on 7 or higher. 




 Dazzle is actually more of a counter to Axe than Axe to Dazzle.

Poison Touch and Shadow Wave shit on him in lane if he tries to creep skip. If he calls 3 heroes in a team fight + creeps, Shadow Wave shits on him again. Medallion of Courage is basically core on Dazzle, which is great against him. Weave buffs up the armor of your entire team, which makes his spins so much less fearsome. Force Staff is pretty core on Dazzle too, which can potentially reposition an ally away from Axe before he gets culled, allowing you to Grave and maybe get a quick heal so they'll survive, or at least longer.

The only downside is he can Ult through your Grave. Otherwise Dazzle has the upper hand by far. 




 I'm completely doing this next time I play drunk unranked. 




  in fact most good players played on less than 5 on CoD 

This is so completely wrong. I actually watched plenty of competitive Call of Duty matches, mostly nV and Team Fear, and they were all on 9-10.  

Yeah it might not translate exactly between games, but I like all of my games on high camera speed/sensitivity because it's what I've gotten used to. 




 3.5k? He sounds like a troll, which are prevalent in every bracket though. 




 Could literally be any bracket, but seeing the bristle safe lane makes me think probably 2k. 




 Agreed. Used to play Call of Duty on 9-10 sensitivity on Xbox. Use 53 on Dota2. 




 3.9k 




 A dream? 




 3k 




 This could either be really low, or really high.

My first instinct was 2.8k. 




 Your team can feed away all they want, all that means currently is you get more comeback gold when you take smart engagements after you get a couple crucial items and become unstoppable.

Even if the score is 30-5 at 30 minutes, if you show up to a team fight with a Battlefury/Manta/BKB on an Anti-Mage you're going to shit stomp them. Wait until the team fight is almost over and the enemy is chasing the last remaining player on your team, go in, burst down whoever has the biggest mana pool with your BKB active so they can't stop you, Mana Void, get Rampage. Proceed to get Butterfly and Abyssal in the next 5 minutes because you just stopped 3 Godlike streaks and go end the game essentially by yourself.

Just an example, but it's kind of what you need to do. Another tip is to always carry a TP scroll. Inevitably, at that MMR, players do not know when to back off of a team fight. You'll see them dive T2s at 15 minutes and half health to try and get that one last kill. If you TP in, that's potentially an easy triple kill and a lot of gold in your pocket. Outfarming them, smart engagements, knowing when to back off of or not enter a fight, and capitalizing on your enemies' mistakes are the key to winning in your bracket, and really every bracket as a carry. 




 Sounds like a typical 3k game to me. 




 I'm assuming you forgot to include the dotabuff link. 




 Incoming thread by said player: "Why is TA so underpowered, Valve please buff." 




 I safe carry spammed PA a few days ago and got a 10 winstreak. Went from 2.9k to 3.2k with a couple wins on different heroes in between. 




 I played mid to rise from 2.6k to 3k in essentially a weeks time (though it was largely in part to spamming Troll Warlord).

Now though, I don't consider my mid skills aren't exactly up to par with my opponents most of the time. I usually end up playing TOO safe and don't secure enough cs or don't harass their mid laner enough and lose out on the farm battle. The pressure is a bit much, and if I do die I tilt hard. So I try to avoid midding and either safe lane carry or safe lane support, roles I consider myself better at anyway. If I do have to mid, I'll pick something like QoP. Easy to cs with QoP, solo kill potential at 6 even without a rune, built in escape mechanism, and if you get a good rune you can double kill their side lanes at any level. 




 There's your problem. At that MMR, you are far better off learning a snowball hero and learning how to farm than supporting someone who can't break 20cs by 10 minutes. 




 I'm 3.2k. Give me Troll in a 1.4k game and it'll be over in 20 minutes.

As a piece of advice, learn snowball heroes and spend the first 15-20 minutes purely farming or only participating in team fights or ganks that you are positive you can get kills in without dying. Ignore your team flaming you for not helping their T2 tower dives at minute 10, they're at 1.4k for a reason. 




 I'd prefer to play with a stack over solo. Unfortunately, the only people I can stack with are real life friends who would rather use that time to practice trolling heroes/builds rather than tryhard to win. 




 You're 5k and your TA maxed Meld? How is that possible?

edit: I didn't read your second line. Maybe they were drunk.  




 Well, try and save your mid pick for 4th or 5th if possible to avoid getting hard countered, or if you do maybe their hard counter doesn't fit their lineup in which case now they're at a disadvantage after the laning stage. For example, first picking TA is essentially begging them to insta pick Viper. Or pick mid heroes that are harder to counter/natural lane dominators (Viper, Troll, Sniper are great mid laners but with the exception of Troll do have their drawbacks later in the game).

If you're ganked, you need to pay better attention to the minimap and watch what your opponent is doing. If one or two heroes are missing and he's aggressively farming/pushing out the lane, that's a good indication that he has backup near him waiting for you to get out of position. 

I'm not sure what your MMR is but I'm at 3.2k, started at 1.8k. I've yet to see the mindset change from "mid needs to gank side lanes all the time" to "I'm a support and my carry is okay, I'm going to smoke rotate mid". 

If you are ganked, don't let it phase you. You have two options, either go back to mid and secure some more cs or tp to a side lane to go for a kill. Most people expect you to do the former, so the latter could catch them off guard and net you a couple kills.  




 I'd guess 2.5k  




 We have a close enough winner, 3150 MMR. Looked at the Sniper's dotabuff, 47% winrate out of 1,000 games with over 150 abandons. Also didn't build BKB and ran MoM against 5 carries. I hate people.

Gonna have to go with 3.5k for yours.  




 This post should have been made yesterday. 




 Don't make misplays. Assume your opponent is better than you and play a bit safer, secure your cs, and only go for a kill if you secure a rune. Haste runes are almost a guaranteed kill depending on the matchup. 

If you're constantly losing mid, then you need to play a different role. 




 2k 




 After 20 minutes, QoP is pretty much all about landing her Pure Damage ult onto the carry and ideally as many other targets as possible in team fights. Aghs is core. If you can convince someone on your team to run Lina and build Aghs, that's almost 1500 damage unmitigated, going through BKB onto a single target (goodbye Troll Warlord and Sniper).

She's one of my favorite heroes to play, but I find it hard to solo win games with her as well.



 




 If the abandon was because of the ES pick, I'm assuming over 4k considering nobody is scared of an ES sub that.

Wild guess, 4.5k. 




 Just thought of a fun little idea. Obviously there are times where things are said in game, or actions performed, that either make you completely facepalm and want to euthanize the player, or shock you that they actually were able to pull off an amazing combo/feat/juke or had insight that maybe your own 9k MMR self hadn't realized before.

What about a thread where we share these snippets of conversation, gifs or scenarios and try to guess the MMR of the mentioned player(s).

I'll start. Game I just finished. Sniper mid against Death Prophet. Sniper didn't level Shrapnel until level 10. His reasoning? "Shrapnel costs too much mana, I'd rather not skill it until later." Okay. I can understand his reasoning for that at least, ignoring the fact that Shrapnel is Sniper's best skill and aside from his ultimate is the only thing you even need mana for, and that the extra points into Take Aim are useless against a DP that can farm with Q if taking too much harass, while owning a Bottle on herself to regen through it. But I gave him the benefit of the doubt even though I, and I imagine everyone with half a brain, would disagree with his choice.

Then I checked his inventory. He had a Bottle.

 "Shrapnel costs too much mana, I'd rather not skill it until later."

 Buys Bottle

Palm, meet face.

Go.
 




 Troll Warlord movespeed reduced by 10.

Eul's movespeed either reduced or removed.

Pure Damage is going to be huge in TI5, making Lina/QoP/Spectre first pick/ban every game.

 




 Because people think they're the best player on the server and carries get to be "in charge" and get the "glory" per se. 




 600 MMR more and I could potentially play with s4 smurf :o

edit: Immediately tune in and see him completely turn around a FB attempt by their mid and get it himself, followed by a Haste rune and another kill on mid within a minute. Okay s4. 




 Ah fair enough 




  Because Dota 2 is a game I would never, ever, recommend to any children younger than 15 years old.

This is why on video games with online capabilities there is a disclaimer that online play cannot be rated for any particular age group. Once somebody, in USA at least, hits age 14, they're fine to play online games in my opinion. There's nothing you'll hear in Dota, Call of Duty, Halo, WoW, etc. that you won't hear from the 18 year olds in the hallways of your high school.

 I have heard of some Hidden pool that regroups people with bad manners

There is speculation that the "Would you enjoy playing with this player again?" or whatever it is after games where you can rate them is a hidden contributor to matchmaking, but this is kind of flawed. I could be playing with the nicest guy in the world, but if he's absolute trash in the game, I don't want to play with him on my team again. So I give him 1 star. Well, that's unfortunate for the nice but trash player, because if the hidden pool affects matchmaking, and if he gets 1 star ratings often, now he's potentially going to be placed in a pool of toxic players. On the flip side, I could have an absolute asshole on my team, but if he went 25-0 and easily carried the game for us, I'd be fine with having him on my team again. 5 stars. I can mute him if I don't want to listen to his toxicity. I care more about winning.

 TL;DR: During matchmaking, instead of regrouping players with bad manners, separate them and put them in stacks of well mannered players.

There are a large number of players who never get low priority, or if they do it's because of abandons due to Internet issues or real life emergencies, not reports. Why would you want to punish players who have good manners by putting a toxic rager on their team? 




 Pings are very important in game. I'm really curious of your MMR if you have pings disabled. 




 Played against one 3.2k MMR yesterday that actually did a hell of a lot of work. http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1367360913

He fed off of my team a bit, snowballed to 13-2 and was able to get some key items while I was still farming. He picked up MKB around the same time I got my Bfly on Dusa and stuck on me the entire time in fights. The fight was basically decided by who died first, me or DK. We still ended up winning, mostly because their Troll was garbage and we outplayed them in a couple crucial fights at the end. 




 Good thing nobody balances based around ability draft. 




 I think Ursa is fine really. A buff would mean I see more Ursa junglers in my pubs.

I'm sick of Ursa junglers. 




 It's a great item for a carry if you're forced to fight before you really want to, but it's not exactly what you want to go for on most safe lane farmers.

It used to be a good utility item for offlaners and aura builders, but now for just a couple hundred gold more you can pick up a Euls and be immensely more effective. 




 My prediction is he will get some adjustments in 6.84 and be added to CM before TI5.  




 I'm sure every pro player, definitely supports, knows his mechanics and how to play him. However I can't think of anyone that is known per se for Oracle play. 




 Troll Warlord.

If you don't end the game at or before 35 minutes you're doing it wrong.

As for any earlier, you need more than one good pushing hero and good coordination on your team. But the quickest games I've won by myself have been when I snowballed Troll, took Aegis at around 14 minutes, took all of the outer towers that were still standing, waited for next Aegis around 25 minutes and then ended the game. 




 Yeah but wouldn't everyone? 




 I add the seasoning and Sriracha.  




  Who lanes ck and centaur together? 

3k Peruvians. 




  centaur + abaddon offlane

I had a fucking centaur + ck lane against me today. Jesus christ that was fucking annoying. Neither farmed well so that's a plus, and I was playing Troll so I could just cs with ranged form, but if I or my support ventured just a tiny bit too close it was nearly instant death. Reality Rift, CK stun, Centaur Stun, Double Edge. If VS wasn't close enough to stun the Centaur I was dead. If VS got caught there was nothing I could do.

Fucking brutal. 




 Using Swap to initiate is just asking for trouble in that match. Your initiation should have consisted of Moonlight Shadow with Troll and Bloodseeker going in first, and VS saving Swap to bail one of them out from a Shackleshot, Call, Eclipse or Death Ward. 

If you were being initiated upon, it could have just been good skill from the Axe to get the VS each time, but with a Blink and Force there's really no excuse for that except poor positioning. 




  Help your team out, it'd probably win you more games if you lead in game and tell your team what they should try to do.

I'm only 3k, but if there was a 4k on my team I'd probably follow his orders like a sheep to a herder. Unless he was a dick.  




 According to dota2.gamepedia: 

 Deals damage in 1 second intervals, starting immediatly upon toggling the spell on.

So does this mean you can spam your R in a faster interval than 1 second to dish out 2-4 times the damage? I can press it 6-8 times in the span of a second, that would be toggling it on, off, and on again 3-4 times. I remember people complaining about scripts being used for Pudge to toggle Rot extremely quickly and it boosted the damage of it immensely, or something of the sort. Does the same concept apply to Lesh?

Obviously that would decimate your mana pool, but a level 3 ult doing 480 damage in 1 second for 510 mana if you're able to toggle it 3 times per second? You could sustain that for 4 seconds with a 2k mana pool. That's almost 2k damage before resistance and assuming there's no BKB's in a 450 radius.

I'm assuming there's some internal cooldown or something, but I've never tested it. 




 I can't believe I'm actually saying this, but I kind of miss the Russians on US E. The Peruvians are so much fucking worse.  




 If your VS is getting caught by the Axe then they are not positioning themselves correctly.

While swap is good for initiation, it's better saved for saving your carry or important core that may have been initiated on. 

Dotabuff link? It would be easier to determine which would be better if we could see both teams. 




 1.5k MMR detected. 




 Yes, it's happened to me twice this week. A simple reconnection is all you need to fix it. 




  'we needed a female strength hero' 

muh SJW's 




 Am I the only person that didn't know up until about a month ago that you weren't supposed to drain the water out of the Ramen after you boil it? That it was actually supposed to be a soup? I mean yeah it says soup on the bag but I never left the water in there. 




 Peruvians are the worst thing about Dota 2. Russians are nothing compared to Peruvians. 




 The problem with Alchemist specifically is he gets a huge amount of net worth very quickly, that you hand right over to the enemy team due to the current comeback mechanics if you die. 

Something to keep in mind. 




 You're losing with Troll at 1.4k? Is that even possible? 




 It would be core on every hero except QoP and AM. And maybe PA. 




 I'd rather be first hit slowed than first hit bash locked. 




 Someone posted a comment a few days ago suggesting scaling the attack damage, health and armor from his Q instead of static at all levels, in addition to the -10 movespeed.

That would be enough for me. Either that or remove his bash and allow him to build Basher. Either one of those are fine by me.  




 It's happened to me twice, and I think there was a thread or two about it.  




 Ranked should be for tryharding to win the game, Unranked should be for casual/fun/practicing. That's why there is a separation. 




 http://dota2.gamepedia.com/Dispel#List_of_abilities_that_cannot_be_dispelled_by_strong_dispels 




 Troll is going to be hit with the nerf hammer. Probably in the form of his Q and I'm hoping a base movement speed reduction. Juggernaut will probably get some kind of nerf, but I'm not sure what it will entail. Axe and Sniper won't be touched. Taking a shot in the dark to say the movement speed increase from Eul's is going to be removed. Oracle will be added to CM with some slight adjustments.

Probably some more adjustments to the comeback gold mechanic. Just as nobody really liked the deathball finals, I don't think anyone is going to like the potential super turtle, lose early game but hold out for late game with 5 buybacks and rely on comeback gold because we're playing for millions of dollars, finals that this current patch has the capability of producing. 

Pure damage is going to be huge in the upcoming patch and TI5. Lina and QoP will be first pick/ban 100% of the time.  Shadow Demon is going to be top tier. Puppey Enigma is going to wreck face. I see Spectre being picked up a lot more than she is now. Even Timbersaw could see some action. 

Patch will come in the first couple weeks of May, I propose. 




 "fuk u im 500 frm blink noob no wards" 




  what you will be learning is not how to play dota, but how to play dota with severely mentally handicapped teammates.

This is so true. When I was at 2.6k, and even sometimes still at 3.2k, I'll be in a game where it's something like 30-25 at the 25 minute mark because each team is just face rushing the other and going for as many kills as possible and I'm sitting there facepalming because it's fucking retarded. 




 I've risen from [2656](http://i.imgur.com/eC5AbH0.jpg) to [3255](http://i.imgur.com/3xMsS2k.jpg) in the past week. 

The best advice I can give is to play what you're best at. For me, that seems to be carries that can go balls deep and snowball. I went 15-7 with Troll Warlord this past week, so there's +200 MMR. I'm 11-1 with PA in the past two days, so there's another +275 right there. My TW and PA win rates on this account are 68% and 71% respectively, so those are heroes that I'm good at (and Troll is OP). Compare that to Sniper, who may also be very strong right now, but only holds a 36% for me on this account. I'm not going to pick him, because I can't win games with him. 

Don't necessarily try to fill the role your team might need every game if you aren't comfortable with it. It's better to pick one hero/role and be extremely comfortable playing it than bounce around between different styles of heroes every game (until you're skilled enough to do so, but even pros stick to their designated and most comfortable role). That said however, you should learn and practice 2-4 heroes for every role in time, so that if you do need to fill the shoes of a hard support in a game because your Peruvian teammates insta picked 3 cores and a jungler, you've practiced a hero that performs this role and can play it rather than picking a 5th core and screwing over your team moreso. 

When I was at 2.6k, I would usually mid. I would also usually win mid (with Troll kappa) and my team and I would snowball from there. Now, at 3.2k, I've realized that my mid skills probably aren't up to par with some of the people I'll be facing. So instead, I play a safe carry that I know like the back of my hand (PA) and perform well in a role I'm comfortable with, or play a safe lane support that I'm comfortable with (Lion usually) since I also know how to properly pull creep waves (something that I've yet to find people knowing on a consistent basis at my current MMR, seriously if you're going to support you need to know how to properly pull or you're just going to screw over your carry) and allow our safe lane to completely deny their offlane. 

Another tip: take smart engagements. If you aren't ready to fight, don't let your team bait you into taking a stupid fight. If you're 200g off of your BKB, don't take a fight. If your Chronosphere is on cooldown for another 60 seconds, don't take a fight. And if you're playing carry, farming for your first big items is more important than assisting your team that will inevitably start running at the enemy team after the laning stage because they don't actually know how to play and think because the first tower fell it's time to stop farming and start fighting. The biggest thing I'm noticing as I rise in MMR is that there are less and less people that fight before they're ready. This is why you learn 10 or so specific heroes. You'll know when you're ready to take a fight because you've played that hero 20 times and it's essentially instinct. 

Also, it's generally easier to win the game as a snowballing carry if you truly do outskill the rest of your server. But I've won games where my support play was essentially the only thing keeping us in it until our mediocre carry finally got the farm to come online. I'd practice carries and focus on practicing last hits and learning farming mechanics first. That's something you need to know regardless of what hero you play. Every hero needs gold.

Hope this helps. 




 I wouldn't know. I insta lock NP, afk cliff jungle, alt tab and watch a tournament vod until the games over. 




 Absolutely. Are you 1k MMR or something? 




 Yeah I know to max Dagger, that's a given. I've been laning against some stupid combos in my recent games so I occasionally need the reduced cooldown on Blink Strike to be able to escape.  




 Maxing Blur is better than Blink Strike? I always put a value point in, but usually at that stage it's magic burst that takes me down, not right clicks. And by that point I have enough mana sustain to be able to Blink Strike creeps in the jungle to burst them down faster, and I can blink around in a team fight for more damage. 




  The pms aquila drums treads and helm

I skipped over RoA and Drums because I definitely don't cs as well as him in lane and getting both of those would delay me too much, but yeah essentially. edit: Hm. Actually just looked it up and I thought 70 cs at 10 was the benchmark, I usually get 50-55 as PA, but apparently 70 is like god tier or something, so maybe I'll try grabbing these and see what happens.

 taking active fights constantly whenever you see the chance,

What's cool about low 3k is that pretty much during minutes 10-15 the rest of the server is off fighting somewhere else on the map, allowing me to essentially free farm the safe lane and jungle for the next 10 minutes. I always keep a TP scroll so if a fights going down near a tower I can rotate in and assist (generally at the end to get a couple clean up kills) but if they're at an enemy T2 or in their jungle or something they're on their own until I get my items. 




 I still think Axe is too strong. I hope he gets any kind of nerf in 6.84, I don't really care what it is but no hero should be able to creep cut your safe lane at level 2 and walk away potentially doing more damage to you than what he took. If he's solo. If you have an Axe +1 offlane you're just fucked. 




 Surprised you didn't get shrekd by a Lina ult every time you jumped in. 

Very High Skill but their Huskar only has a Blink Dagger what 




 The theory goes that if you're a 5-6k player you will get there regardless of what role you play. Your average player isn't going to magically jump to 6k by picking solo offlane.

That said, there are definitely heroes you can pick to control the tempo of the game/turn the *tide* of a team fight.^^huehue

Clockwerk is one that comes to mind. Tidehunter. Axe can definitely take over a game. Batrider. Even something like a Nyx, currently completely out of the meta though, can be a huge factor in winning the early game with successful rotations once you get Vendetta up. Brood is another hero, provided you don't get hard countered, that can easily win a game by herself if left to her own devices. 




  ~~HoD~~ HotD 




 So I've been spam picking PA over the past few days. Was 1-4 on this account prior to a couple days ago. I've won 10 straight, am 11-4 now. Currently sitting at 3229 MMR. 

Curious to see some of your thoughts and builds on this hero in the current meta. What I've been doing is going PMS  Treads  HotD  Basher  BKB/Abyssal depending on which I need first, and then I'm pretty much snowballing with an Aegis and the games over. If not, I either finish Satanic if I'm not surviving or grab an MKB to essentially one shot them upon blinking in. It seems like the Battlefury PA is a thing of the past or highly situational. If I get to the point where I need to be fully slotted, I expect I'd go BoTs, Abyssal, Satanic, BKB, Skadi, MKB. Is this correct? 

Surprised to see she's not picked more often in competitive by a team other than Secret rarely for Arteezy. She's a hard counter to Sniper, she has the capabilities to man fight a Troll Warlord because he doesn't really want to build a MKB before SnY/BKB/Skadi and you can Abyssal him during his ult. I believe you can blink out of Juggernaut ult provided you have a target. Basically shits on every support. And you don't even need a ton of farm to come online. You can get easy kills at 6 with a support and a crit, even moreso at 11 with your Basher. 

dotabuff if anyone cares: http://www.dotabuff.com/players/206703220

The 9 I played in the last two days are in latest matches. The two outliers involved needing to buyback 3 times to save our base from being taken by Troll and PL in the 7/9/27 so my farm was atrocious, and in the 1/12/10 I was drunker than shit. Space created.

Also relevant flair.

edit: Well the streak had to end some time. I swear to god if I see one more fucking jungle juggernaut losing me a game I'm going to stab someone. I don't know whose idea that was, but it's fucking retarded. 




 Never played LoL but I looked up the skills of the hero. Your 3 typical full time jungle supports in Dota are Enchantress, Chen and Enigma. All 3 require heavy use of micro'ing to be played properly (if I see another Midas rush Enchantress in my jungle I'm going to cry). If that's not your style, avoid them.

Alternatively, Sand King is a strong jungler after a few levels in the lane that could appeal to you. 




 Why would you max Battle Hunger before Counter Helix? It's easily his least useful skill. 




  It is an untapped resource in most pub matches sadly.

Not sure what MMR bracket you're in, but there are constantly LCs, Ursas and Axes jungling in my 3k games. Throw the occasional Bloodseeker and Juggernaut in there too. 




 If you don't micro your eidolons properly they'll all die before any of them replicate, making it essentially worthless. It takes a level of skill that I doubt a beginning jungler would have. 




 You're wrong. 




 They were building into a Basher too. Theorycrafting that the ghosts from her ultimate, being a physical damage source, could proc bashes perhaps? 

...oh my god that would be overpowered.  




  Has anyone bought a TP at all this game?

 -I have once

My sides. 




 Force Staff is stupid, Mjollnir...eh it's not stupid but also not really the best.

The key component you're missing is Abyssal Blade. I don't think Vlads and Heart are necessary, in my opinion you should replace Vlads with the Heart.

6 slotted Ursa in my opinion should be BoTs, Abyssal, BKB, Blink, Skadi, Butterfly/Heart/MKB.

Butterfly if you're going against physical damage dealers that don't want to build MKB, Heart if you're going against a lot of magic or physical damage dealers that tend to build MKB, or if there's already evasion on your team that they need MKB for. If you need MKB yourself, I'd replace the Butterfly with it.

The general consensus is that Skadi is superior to Heart at the moment, however Heart has good synergy with your ultimate. It's kind of up to you at that point.
 




 Number 1 thing at 1k MMR: Do not listen to your teammates. Do not rely on your teammates.

I don't want this to sound too mean, but you, and everyone on your teams, are probably worse than the average player. If you are playing Spectre and it's 15 minutes in, you don't have your Radiance (old build, just using an example) and you're being flamed for farming instead of fighting, mute him and continue farming. If you're playing a farming carry your number one priority is to get your items. That doesn't mean fully 6 slotted, but items that allow you to fight with an advantage over the other team. This means you need to practice last hitting in bot matches. In 1k I doubt most people even get 25 cs by 10 minutes. If you can hit 55, you're already at something like a 1500 gold lead over your counterpart (rough guesstimate). That's almost a full item. 

What I would recommend is picking one carry that you're best with. I wouldn't necessarily recommend Spectre because he's not that strong right now and a little too heavy late game for what you should be looking for. Troll Warlord, Juggernaut, Slark, Bloodseeker, Phantom Assassin are all heroes that require a bit less farm, can be useful in smart engagements earlier on, and can take over a game if allowed to snowball. They also can move into the jungle to farm, providing you safety from being seen on the mini map assuming the opposing team doesn't have wards and probably won't come looking for you too often. Pick one, and pick it every game. Learn the mechanics of the hero, and learn the mechanics of farming. That will give you a huge edge over your opponent, who will probably just try to run at you after the 10 minute mark. Farm up a couple crucial items, then go find pick offs on heroes that are farming too aggressively.

Supporting most likely isn't going to get you out of 1k. Learn a carry, learn what every item does and its interactions with your carry and *why* it's a good item for your carry, learn to farm and outfarm the enemy team. Generally in your bracket, it won't matter which player may be a bit more skilled, if you have Phase/BKB/Basher while they're sitting on brown boots and a mask of madness, you're going to crush them. And generally in your bracket, the rest of your team will follow the strongest hero. If that's you, then lead them to victory.

 




 Troll Warlord is easy win unless you're mentally handicapped or get heavily dominated early. People keep saying Sniper is OP but I really disagree. He's just annoying. If you see a Sniper pick just pick PA for yourself and crit him for 2k when he builds MoM. It's not hard. 




 I play Dota because I have an inner need for competition. I've always loved playing sports and pitting my skills against another to see who is better, and Dota is no different. It seems weird to say, but I don't play Dota for fun necessarily. I play it to win. So yeah I take the game seriously. If I want to play a game for fun I play something single player that doesn't involve other people. Does that mean I'm a tryhard, micromanager and flamer some of the time? Yeah it happens. If you're playing like a noob I'm going to tell you you're playing like a noob. If you're fucking up I'm gonna tell you that you're fucking up. I could work on being nicer about it I suppose, but I digress.

The toxicity will never end. It's been in online games long before Dota and will continue long past it. The only thing you can do is play your best, and if you lose because of an intentional feeder, just brush it off and play your next game like it didn't happen. 




 Phase  MoM  Mjollnir  Abyssal  Skadi would be how I assume this would work. 




  since the /r/Dota2 subscribers are notorious for being reasonable and level-headed people.

All of my lols. 

This was good. 




 Tinker has Rearm though. A 5 sec BKB only gets you out of 1 Laser.

It's 1.5k MMR so I doubt it, but you never know. 




  Support counter-picks don't matter.

Kappa.

 




 This is probably a joke.

If it's not, that guy's a fucking idiot. 




 Watch your replays. Find your mistakes and analyze them. Figure out what you did wrong in that situation and remember it, so when that situation inevitably arises again, you know what NOT to do. 

Were you solo attacking an enemy T2 with 4 heroes missing, and got ganked and died? Yeah don't do that. Did you continue trying to take T3's after 2 of the enemies bought back, and you died? Probably not the best idea. Did you kill steal with Lion ult on a Crystal Maiden that was at 100 health instead of saving it for the full health Phantom Assassin that was on his way in? Pretty noob move right there.

A huge thing is knowing when to be aggressive, and when to back off. When to farm, and when to fight. A part of this is also the "save your friend syndrome". If your teammate got himself into a stupid situation and is about to die, unless you're completely positive that your contribution will either save his life, or get return kills while not sacrificing your own life, then go for it. If you're not completely positive, it's best to run away and lose one hero instead of losing two. On the flip side of that, if you see 3 heroes clumped together and you're playing Axe with your team beside you, Blink right on them and be the initiator you're supposed to be. 

TL;DR: Watch your replays, figure out what you do correctly and incorrectly and adjust your playing habits accordingly.
 




 Those are great ideas, but achievements would ruin the game. 

Right now, the objective is to win. And that's how it should be. There is no way in hell I'm supporting something where a teammate denies my Aegis because "I'm only 1 away from the Achievement." or something similar.

It's bad enough I get stuck with people playing Shadow Demon or Kunkka for the first time because it's their turn in the All Hero Challenge and proceed to fuck up every team fight.

If they were to implement it, my only request would be that Ranked Matches do not count towards Achievements. That way you could use Unranked to farm achievements if you were so inclined. 




 http://www.dotabuff.com/personality/eyJwbGF5ZXJfaWQiOjIwNjcwMzIyMCwiYSI6NCwidCI6NCwiYyI6MywiaSI6MiwiZCI6MSwiaCI6Mn0=

This is accurate. 




 I don't know, I've risen from 2.6-3.2k this past week and haven't been flamed for farming when I "should" be fighting. It's better for you that they're fighting across the map instead of repeatedly trying to gank you. Even if your team is losing, if you get some key items and take smart engagements with your team later, the comeback gold you can get skyrockets you basically back to even.

If you come out of nowhere with a Basher/BKB when they thought you had as shit farm as the rest of your team, you're going to do some heavy damage. The surprise factor and a couple seconds of hesitation from the enemy is sometimes all you need to quickly win a fight. 

That being said, if you're not farming quickly, then you're useless. What I've noticed in 2k is that the majority of players stop farming around 12 minutes and start running at you whenever they see you. At that point, whoever had more cs or kills in the laning stage is usually going to come out on top in fights. A lot of people in this bracket don't realize that certain heroes need more farm to be more effective than others. A level 6 Anti Mage does not have the same impact as a level 6 Bloodseeker, for example. 

It does take some experience to know when the proper time to enter a fight is. Usually, it isn't when the Peruvian is spam pinging you because he ran head first into 3 heroes and died.

edit: Generally a good time to take a fight is right after a big item pick up. Just bought a fresh BKB? Take a fight. Just finished Abyssal? Take a fight. It's hard to coordinate smoke ganks in 2k because most of the players don't even know Smoke exists, but that's what you need to do. Also, taking Roshan. There are many heroes that with certain items can solo Roshan (Troll with HoD, level 11 and an Alpha Wolf / PA with level 11 HoD and Basher / AM with...I don't remember but you get the point). Use this to your advantage, smoke in and do it solo, and then translate that into tower pushes. A quick tip if you're playing an illusion hero, or have a Manta Style: your illusions will disappear upon attacking Roshan, but not upon being attacked. Go into the pit, position your illusions in front of him but make sure not to command them to attack him. Attack him with your hero and back up. Your illusions will then tank the damage. Use this to your advantage. 




 I saw that, but it's not like it's a bad pickup on PA without evasion on the other team. Getting it before Abyssal is definitely questionable though.

edit: Just looked again, it was most likely to avoid Tinker's Laser miss chance. 




  However, I cannot stop my team from fighting when I'm in no condition to fight yet.

This is unfortunately an unwinnable battle. If they cry that you're not participating, go participate. You'll die, and they'll flame you for not being able to carry. If you ignore them and keep farming, they'll flame you for farming when you need to fight.

You know the real answer. Keep farming until you have the items necessary to be able to fight. Or, do what I do, and TP in at the very end of the fight to get a triple kill clean up crew style and get flamed for kill stealing and not being there from the beginning.

 




 Kotl is nothing but food for the current meta heroes. 




 Ghost Scepter. 




 Add Abaddon and CM to the list. Abaddon because of heal and shield, and CM allows PA to dagger from range without worrying about using all of her mana pool, while also providing her Freeze if enemies decide to go on you. 




  We need wards.

 We need wards.

 We need wards.

 We need wards.

 We need wards.

 We need wards.

 We need wards.

 We need wards. 




 Just report lifestealer and move on. Nothing you can do. The community will always be toxic. 




 This was completely not worthy of a thread.  




 So I can be yelled at more often for not buying wards as a solo support when the 4 insta pick carries are farming each lane past the river and our jungle? No thanks. 
























