 Keeping myself busy does help even if for a short amount of time ( really,I recommand it to everyone,good relief),going out when it's 4 am with weed,cigs,whatever, because there's no one on the streets to bother the fuck out of me. All of that coated in crazy ass pretending shit all up in my head,of course,haha.  




 I'm 22,and everyone I've ever loved didn't reciprocate my feelings,if that wasn't enough many of them actually made me believe they did only to say oh finally I've changed my mind later. I've never had even a chance to try and it fucking hurts.
 




 I'm not happy because nothing ever works for me despite my efforts I guess. Be it work,relationships,anything really. 
And what would make me the happiest is an end to loneliness,someone who actually wants to be with me,the best would even be : with me without the crazy ass fake life and bullshit. 

 




 Probably because I tried everything I could to be a good person,I was always there for others,supportive as they said. But they got their share of happiness now matter how crappy they could be to others,I did not. I've put so much work into becoming a great human being,pretty and likable. Yet they got all the cake and it only got worst for me year after year. I don't think it's fair.  
























 I don't know,I wish I could experience true love once in my life,that's basically all I dream of :( 




 He knows about my feelings,maybe not the full extent of them but he decided to talk to me less and less after going like "thought i loved you but turns out that i don't" so,yeah. I wrote a 10 pages or something letter to him,not ever sending it even if i wish he would read it,haha. 
edit : idk if it was clear but I was talking 'bout a guy I actually know and stuff,not the one I play pretend in my head with. It's too sad to do it with the one I really love I guess so I picked another target for it. 




 forever waiting for people including the love of my life ( unrequited love again ) to send me a message or something on whatever social networks I have,going from pages to pages on wikipedia,pretty boring stuff really !

yeah,it keeps me going somehow,going uphappy but not dead atm haha 




 I legit think my only talent is spending 6+ hours online everyday and it also works as a hobby tbh ! I've also been doing hair and make-up on me and as a small source of income for a few years. 
























 You're a great person for wanting to help her,I admire you for it ! x

I'd just say,do things with her that you both like often,it will be great time for you guys as well as keeping her mind off of shit. Be there for her if she needs to talk,especially if you suspect she's been feeling particularly low since she might not be upfront about it. 
Love in itself helps at lot !
 




 I "lost" the love of my life few months ago,unable to let go too and shit,the situation is nowhere near as bad as your friends' tho but i want to try my best to help. 
He might not be able to cut all contact with her for now ( i know i can't ) but it would be good if he tried to slowly let go of her,if she sends him a text maybe he could try to let time pass before answering. Then try to take more and more time to answer every..time. Yeah.
Does he still have the hope he can "get" her back ?

 




 Yeah.. I hope it happens before I go completely nuts because that shit ain't going anywhere good smh. Thank you for the support through it's very nice of you ! :) 




 If you want to talk about it I'm here,I know how scary it can get man I see my sanity going down the drain and it's fucking terrifying :/ 
What made things go this way ? ( if you don't mind the question,through)

 
























 I smoke both and it seems to help me. Not in a life-changing way but it gets things going and somehow relieves anxiety ! 




 Yeah I'm doing the same thing,I want to end it everyday but then I think of my family and it's not fair to me to make them suffer just to be relieved.

I keep myself busy and alone, I try to avoid others not to see what my life is missing through them. It's not the healthiest but it's better than nothing,I guess. 




 Somehow the fact that he doesn't have hope for this specifically is good,because there's barely anything worst in that kinda situation than hoping for the loved one to come back through some kind of miracle or something.
If you know about some dream or goal in life he used to have before this happened,maybe it would help him to bring it up. He won't want to do it now and will probs think it's full of shit,but one of my online friends did that a couple of times and after the whole " you gotta be shitting me I can't do that there's no way I could and I don't want to anyways" thing it did spark the thought that there might be something left in this world.

Thank you for the internet hugs,I appreciate it ! 




 This so much. I used to have lies-free friends but how can I feel fucking close to someone who's gonna come up to me and tell me how wonderful their life/weekend/holiday was in details then ask me 'bout mine knowing it will be jokes on my tired ass self if I come up with the truth or if they suspect it. That or they get angry in a " shut the fuck up about being lonely you don't even want to go to clubs or hang out you're just asking for it" way. As if it was this fucking easy,smh.

I don't get it either man,I'm done with this bullshit.
 
























 Maybe you could start talking to some people online,being on social networks,video games stuff if you're into that,blogging,anything really. It's way easier than "getting yourself out there" in real life and it could lead you to make friends you have similar interests with. :)

 




 I'm fooling people into thinking I'm leading an happy and fulfilling life everyday,so yeah..you're not alone.

As for advice : did you talk to a professional about your migraines ? Finding a way to get rid of them could be a great relief for you already.
 




 Happy birthday    internet hugs OP ! 




 I understand what you're going through,I've been there. Right now the pain is very strong so the best you can do is anything that would keep your mind off of it. Something that helped me was time going by,I'm not gonna lie and say you won't feel bad anymore,but it will become less frequent,less intense... yeah. 

Do you remember some things that helped you go through life before you met her,if any ? Even the smallest thing. :) 
























 I think you should have a discussion with her about what's going on,tell her you're scared she's talking about suicide,be there for her as much as you can and make sure she knows she can talk to you no matter what. Let her know that there's ways out : there's professionals out there who can help. Don't forget to take care of yourself in the process,by the way ! :)

If things still look bad I'd recommand you to tell her sister if she's close to her. I'd say the parents are the last resort,except if she has a very good relationship with them and you know they are supportive, of course. 




 I feel you,I'm pretty sure I would be less depressed and wouldn't have dug myself into a hole of lies if the people around me stopped shoving their nice problems-free lives down my throat.

Anyways,maybe it could help if you told your husband about what's going on ? Without being too hard on his family of course so he doesn't get angry or anything but just to let him know what's up. He might give them a reality check ! 




 That's a cool article ! I only play GTA and Battlefield so I don't have much knowledge about other games tho haha. Glad my advice was useful ! :) 




 It can be pretty much anything,you can start a blog on like,blogger or wordpress if you feel like writing articles about stuff,there's also tumblr ( which is what I use ) that allows you to reblog pics of whatever things you like or that inspire you and to create your own content. On both you can follow other blogs,interact with other users. It's nice really. 
























 Do you have a good relationship with your mother ( the question stands about both of your parents actually ) ?  Is there any open-minded person you trust and could talk to ?
I'm asking in hopes to help you find a way to tell your mom.

Anyways,don't be embarassed. I know it's easy to say but there's nothing to be embarassed about. You are who you are,and it's a great thing. :) 




 Recently I've came out to some of my closest friends about being transgender ( FTM).

So.. the first friend,had a lovely reaction and said he's supportive. I'm very thankful for this yet he still uses female pronoms to refer to me and I would like to ask him to use the right ones. I don't really know how to do that and I feel a bit guilty to ask him since I don't pass very well. I know it's stupid :/

The second friend *is* the problem. Refers to me as male (...sometimes) but says and does things that make me very uncomfortable,such as " do you really want a dick ?" and laughs,outed me to his boyfriend as well ( who was nice about it,but still,I wish I could have told him myself when ready). Also,I was/am in love with a guy who rejected me,and all he had to say was " this guy rejected you because he must be gay". He said it multiple times,even if I told him how painful it was for me to hear that. He jokingly said I could try with that guy again when I have a dick,aswell.

Because of this one friend,I'm afraid to come out to the rest of the people around me. I can get that it's hard to process for them,but I've always been willing to help them understand. Yet this guy is being a douche and doesn't get it,I've called him out on his bullshit multiple times,no changes.
What should I do ?  

 




 January - April :  
The bad : 
- Dropped out from college because the schedule was too fucked up for me to work and well... I need to support myself.
- Huge fight with one of my former close friends,now we're enemies.
- Started cutting.
- Recovered then relapsed into anorexia.
The good : 
- Started to talk with the boy I've been in love of for years in secret.
- Figured I was a transboy,finally came in terms with it and stopped being in denial.
- Came out to my parents,both about my gender and my sexual orientation.
 
May - July 
Positive : 
- This boy I liked so much for years told me he likes me back. 
- Happy.
- Not hating my body so much anymore and found some beauty in myself. 
- No more self-destructive urges.
- Lowest weight in ages. ( not sure if it's really postive,but to me it is.) 

Negative : 
- Money issues,debts,can't find a job.
- Way too violent,way too jealous of my friends.
- Fell in love with my eating disorder,started telling myself it's thanks to it that I'm finally "happy". 

The end of July to now : 
- The boy told me he didn't want to be with me after leading me on for months.
- Basically hit rock bottom : back to cutting,back to self-hate,gone crazy.
- Lonely as fuck,spending all day in bed,wandering the streets at night completely high.
- Falling out with all my friends due to me isolating myself.
- Started doing drugs.

Still some positive things :

- Going to a new school in a field I really like. Don't want to go but I'm going to force myself to.
- Met a great supportive online friend.
- Went to a therapist. It didn't change shit but it was still a big step for me to see someone.
- Planning to transition even if I'm not sure I'll ever have the money and strenght to do this all alone.

So yeah basically this is it !

 




 Man,I know how this feels,this impression of having lived so many lives. 
I've done the same things you did and I didn't stop,I kept acting,now I'm 22 and I feel like I've lost my sanity in the process. The idea of "whatever I can be anything" replaced my true personality. Deception,rejection ? New persona. And I truly believe they *are* who I am,now.

I think you should keep on drawing. This is something the real you wanted to do,it seems. It's absolutely understandable that you want your parents to love you but I don't think they will love you any less if you pursue your dream,sure it might take time for them to understand but at the end it can be worth it. 
Also,do you have someone in your family you're close to you could talk to about the way you feel,who wouldn't brush it off and then could help you tell the truth to your parents ? 

 
























