 Thank you :-) 




 Hey r/Denver, We have moved from the UK to Aurora and I'm trying to register with a doctor in the 80015 area. The Dr that came with the best recommendation from friends doesn't have an appointment for registering until October, and as I think I may have tendonitis in my shoulder, I don't really want to wait that long to be able to see someone! Does anyone have a good Dr in this area? I need a Dr that accepts GWH-CIGNA and preferably a Family Medicine or General Medicine Dr.

Thanks in advance r/Denver :-) You guys rock! 




 Apparently there was a funnel cloud sighted to the NE but I havent heard from anyone yet who saw it. Most people just went outside on hearing the sirens as it was pretty clear here. Crazy people :-) 




 and they all went off in Aurora a couple of hours ago :-)
 




 Moved here 8 weeks ago, the lips I can cope with, but the boogers, aww man they get me every day :-(  




 MRI? 




 This. But make sure you know your left from your right - nearly got taken out yesterday by someone on a bike yelling 'on your right' and passing on my left! She did appologise though :-)
 




 Wow, 5 heart attacks since he was 37... 









 Just got back from the park with the kids, so warm out :-)
 




 Dam you! I just spat coffee on my screen. 




 Upvote for being awesome 




 I had that LP! 




 ''Also I hear orgasms can make breastmilk shoot out so I have this weird image of it hitting his face like a watergun''
It totally does. 




 Yay 303'ers :) 




 Happy Birthday! 




 Dreyers Girl Scout Cookie Limited Edition Samoas Flavour.

Oh my god.


And yes, I've only been here (in the US) three weeks :) 




 lol 




 no no no no!
 




 Nope, 13 items in unacceptable, it needs to be a nice even number. Or ending in a 5 at a push!
 









 9 month old though :(
 




 We are moving to Denver in 14 days!! 




 Seriously? You only just noticed and didn't see anything of it before?? It's been front page ALL week :S 




 The Sonic was the 1st game I ever completed on my own. Still remember sitting in my living room with my mum and dad and feeling that sense of achievement. They didn't really get it but seemed impressed that I'd kept going at something that long. 




 FFS I actually teared up a little. God damn hormones.
 




 Moving house and have just found my old Game Gear (powering up but screen not working) and also 10 old games. My dad bought these when the Game Gear 1st came out. 

I have - Sonic, Sonic 2, Columns, Echo the Dolphin, Olympic Gold, Pengo, Halley Wars, Mickey Mouse - Castle of Illusion, Super Monaco GP and Jurassic park.

Are these things collected or even wanted anymore?

Does anyone on here want them? (I am in the UK btw)

p.s I actually wanted a Game Boy but my dad was swayed by the salesman talk of the colour screen! 




 I had A Game of Thrones - "Come South with me, and I'll teach you how to laugh again," the King promised. 

Sounds promising. 




 Sadly it makes financial sense to follow my husbands work! I have gotten used to moving around, but this is one of my favorite places :) 




 Should have added that I'm moving from a quiet little village in the UK to mid-west USA. I'm gonna miss my beach! 









 Pretty much what the title says! 









 Thank you! I am swollen up one side of my face but look more like I have eaten too many chocolates! Hope you are feeling better soon :) 




 The previous time I had a tooth out it really didn't hurt at all either! I had to have surgery to get the lower one out hence all the pain (and stitches) my jaw bone hurts more than the gum if you know what I mean. Hope you heal quickly. 









 THIS. 

After losing a baby, a lot of 'well meaning' people would say unhelpful things to me such as 'ah, you'll just have to get trying for the next one' 'it's for the best' ' these things happen for a reason' 'it wasn't a baby yet anyway (seriously WTF!)' I hated these comments as my baby was already a huge part of my life and on my mind every second of every day. If you know people who may say these sorts of things, get between them and your wife and try to fend off these comments. In my very emotional state I nearly punched a friend of a friend in the face for her advice. Losing your child is an awful experience. 

Be there, listen and be open with her too. You may find she is unable to process your grief over hers which can lead to resentment between the two of you. Make sure you both have other people to open up to - yes, you as well. 

Take time to mourn and make a little box of mementos. You may not want to look at it for years, but one day you will want those memories and it would be awful not to have them. We have a small fairy/angel statue in our living room in memory of our baby. It's small and discrete but it's always there with me.

EDIT spelling 




 Me too 




 NOPE 




 TIL you can't access that page from the UK. Wierd. 




 not sure why I got a downvote here - I was being sincere! 




 Thanks for the link 









 I'm hypermobile and it's visible in most of my joints. My fingers, thumbs, knees, ankles and shoulders are the worst. I've had to have three knee ops to sort out the cartilage and if I sleep in the wrong position or overstretch for something I dislocate my shoulder out :) 









 apparently mine means 'from the monastery town'. My old surname is even more dull and means 'a long piece of land'. 




 [relevant](http://benton.spreadshirt.co.uk)  




 Ah, APC. Had this song playing as part of my wedding service. 




 I have had a few, having to report suspicion of child abuse for work, calling my dad after my Grandma died suddenly, calling my younger sister to tell her that my mum had left my dad. All left me feeling sick and shaky, still feel it when I think of it now. 




 came here to say the same (though agree with the rest that this is really not WTF after some of the things I've seen today) 




 I'm really glad you are doing better :) It is really hard when things are getting too much to get back on top of it all so well done!
I'm good thanks, get some big plans coming up but looking forward to a new challenge and a more positive time in my life!
Take care x 









 APGAR can be done visually, has been with both of mine whilst I gave them their 1st feed.  




 So rape, murder, abuse et al have disappeared? I want to live in your world. 




 and I have every sympathy for the whole family. No one should have to go through losing a loved one be it from any circumstance. But sometimes people can only see one way out regardless of medication, intervention, or even 'manning-up' as was suggested to me (and by the way I am very much a female!) There will always be a situation that pushes someone too far and takes them so far from the factual situation into the realms of the depression that they do not feel they can get out. And that in itself is depressing enough. I live everyday with the memory of coming so close and despite all the counselling, medication and CBT that I have had, there is always that little insecurity in me that says what if I go there again? Am I strong enough now? 




 http://www.health.harvard.edu/newsweek/Depression_and_pain.html

A study into the interwoven nature of pain and depression.
I am aware it is more from the pain perspective but still has some very good points. 




 Now I am a pretty nice person IRL , but you sir really piss me off.

Have you ever dealt with severe depression?
 I deal with it every day of my life.

Have you ever been suicidal?
I have, and only now can I look back and thank fuck that I could be helped.

And if you care to actually get your trolling arse off reddit and check out  some facts you will find plenty of creditable information on the physical aspects of severe depression. However, I doubt you will do this as it will take away precious time from writing ridiculously contrived replies to serious conversations.  




 Hi, its been 2 months since your post and I was wondering how you were doing?

Hope life is treating you well. 




 You clearly have no experience of depression. It IS at the worst  times the most unbearable pain and it does have excruciating physical effects. Imagine wanting to rip your own heart out to take away the sadness, anguish and pain. Now live with that every minute of every day. 




 In my experience, depression IS some crazy fucking mental illness. Try living with it for 20 years or so and see how you feel...then judge people however you want. 




 In the depths of despair you can truly believe that by killing yourself you are relieving the surviving family of the 'felt' horror of having to see you down, despondent and hopeless everyday. You truly believe in your heart that they will be better without you and they will be able to do more, and in fact be happier without the pressure of having to 'look after' or care for you. In deep depression you have no self worth, thoughts of suicide come along and all you can see is how much better everyone's life would be without you there.

You cannot judge a man unless you have truly walked in his shoes. 




 It was most certainly not spiderbro! I have a tiny spiderbro in the kitchen and have been using him to get more accustomed to arachnids. This bastard was big, mean and hairy!  




 I have never been brave enough to kill one before...and it was fricking huge! 




 Thank you kindly for that explanation! It seems a little like the job benefit system over here. If you don't have a job (choice/situation or whatever) you receive reasonably large amounts of money from the government to 'provide' a basic living allowance. A lot of people use this system to exploit loopholes to gain free childcare, tax exemption,  medical cost exemptions (dentistry and ophthalmology) and live very comfortably without working at all. My husband and I both work, but have to pay all childcare costs involved as well as medical costs and our taxes, as we do not qualify for any assistance despite the government wanting both parents working and promoting 'benefits' to encourage this.
All I can say about having a second child is that it is actually a lot easier than I expected, and when they are slightly older it is lovely to have them playing together to allow me some time to do housework!

Good luck! 









 That's fair enough, as I said I'd fully understand health implications. Even in the UK it is highly probable that a woman will have an elective c/section after a previous c/s. 
I struggle to understand the US health system and how those less advantaged are able to ensure that they have good medical advice and assistance during the antenatal and birthing period (and at other times). In the UK I have had two children, both times in hospital (inductions due to pregnancy induced medical conditions) and I couldn't imagine how we could have afforded medical care on top of the costs a baby alone brings. I hope all goes well and that your SO has a trouble free birth! 




 totally 









 OP out of interest why do you deem a Cesarian a 'regular' delivery? Obv if there are health implications I'd fully understand, but otherwise surely you'd be saving money by a standard vaginal birth?
(I'm from the UK and always suprised by the tv programs showing US hospital births - there seems to be a LOT more intervention and medical assistance than I have experienced over here. Only going by what I've seen about the US on tv though so feel free to correct me!)
 




 [unsuprisingly](http://www.google.co.uk/imgres?q=boo hl=en safe=off client=firefox-a hs=XSO sa=X rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official biw=1150 bih=665 tbm=isch prmd=imvnsb tbnid=XAhjanvqtfXwfM: imgrefurl=http://www.oocities.org/monsters_inc_fan/boopics.html docid=h1-joL2B_s1msM imgurl=http://www.oocities.org/monsters_inc_fan/boo4.jpg w=500 h=607 ei=GrKxTqSBIsLd8QOE0bm9AQ zoom=1 iact=hc vpx=98 vpy=164 dur=2369 hovh=247 hovw=204 tx=34 ty=268 sig=107193892808607956253 page=1 tbnh=145 tbnw=119 start=0 ndsp=20 ved=1t:429,r:0,s:) 




 damn cant make out the text... 









 I always loathed taking medications and am currently debating my current meds as they are making me disconnected rather than enabling me to cope. For myself it was accepting that this will get better but may never go away and recognizing that I have a chemical imbalance that requires medication (I don't make enough serotonin and therefore fall into deep depressive episodes). If I were diabetic and not making enough insulin I'm sure I wouldn't think twice about medicating. Is there really any difference? I struggled for a long time with the concept of anti-depressants and feeling a failure for having the depression. I would go on and off meds believing I was 'better'. Sure I would be for a while, but unless I stayed well away from anything disruptive to life or stressful it all came straight back.

I have just started another round of counseling for CBT to try and help out with the depression and anxiety issues I have. Not sure how it's going to go but willing to do the homework and listen to what they say.

I have often though about ending it all, but thankfully have managed to talk to someone in time. It is hard to stay positive and to deal with the good days and bad days (esp when there are usually more bad than good).

Keep talking, keep social if possible, tell the docs/psychs if the meds aren't working. 




 my baby starts school tomorrow, this post made me cry. 
























 Some by lightening, but sadly they are looking into arson for the Waldo Canyon fire. I hope they are wrong about that though. 




 Just wanted to say Thank You for what you guys do. 




 Wow, way to categorise everyone and cite an article from 2010.... 




 We love you and your firefighters. 




 Well, I'm in Colorado and trying to reach out to other CO people and the people across Reddit who have specifically asked how they can help in various subreddits. It's not my fault if, when the California and Texas fires happened, no one looked to social media to try and spread a message of help. I wasn't on Reddit back then, but if I had been and I had known a way to help, I would have posted it here. 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 Us too, we had seen it coming back from the Garden of the Gods and thought it would be great to take the kids. Good news is that they are already saying they will rebuild. Very positive people considering the circumstances. 




 This is a good point, many centres are v limited on space at the moment and are asking people to call ahead to be sure thay can store/accept the offers. 




 if you check my profile, you will see i just learned to self post. 




 Doing my best, damn wait times on posting :-)
 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 Ok, I will try that. 




 how the f* do I make a self post? :-) 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 Will do. 




 Great link :-) 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 Also http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 How to help...

http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 









 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/

All the official info on what is needed. 




 Denver 7   9 news websites both have lists of places you can donate to. 




 I think there are some Daddy issues here :-S 














 Haha 




 I know, I'm one of those women. 




 But that does not work with having a two and a half year old, does it? 

Edit: ok, this was bugging me but it is 'technically' possible. They youngest is 8 months, the next is 10 months older at 1.5yrs and the eldest is between 10 and 16 months older and still classed as 2 years old. This would mean the mum had fallen pregnant, at least one time, the month after giving birth, but stranger things have happened! 




 Thank you :-) 




 She only wrote the answers :-) 









 Erm, yes it was LOL. It was also the only time we did it within that window of opportunity :-) 




 Yeah, you get some pretty lousy comments from people trying in their own ways to be kind or 'helpful'. Do your best to ignore them and certainly try not to dwell on any of the 'what ifs' and 'if onlys' that will be running through your head. People panic in these situations and for the most part don't even realise how offensive they have been.

You need time to grieve, I always think of my 1st baby as the angel that allowed me to have my two children today.Y 




 Thank you. 




 I'm sorry you are going through this :-( 

I miscarried our 1st child at about 8/9 weeks. We had just told our family on Xmas Eve, everyone was so excited, 1st grandchild and everything. A few days later I had cramps and spotting, 200 miles from home, called the local doctors who told me there was nothing they could do, take some painkillers (because thats not going to matter now) and go to hospital if the bleeding is so heavy I pass out. Started bleeding heavily the next day, told everyone what was happening, felt like a failure for not being able to stay pregnant. Family were all upset, had some stupid and shitty comments along the lines of - there was probably something wrong with it (not IT, my baby). Called my own dr when I could, got some great support and advice, took about a week for the bleeding to stop.
Talked it over a lot with my husband, decided to wait a while before trying again, two months later I got pregnant on my birthday :-) She is now 5 and we also have a 2 year old :-) 

It will be rough for a while, and you will never forget it. But the pain gets easier, a little further away as time goes on. We bought a small trinket/model in memory of our baby and it sits high on a shelf in our living room, out of the way but never forgotten. 




 Sure, I have to say though that thinking seems to have altered slightly since I was working in medicine and that the egg bases will always be the 1st call of doctors due to the relative ease of production and costs.

The 1st link I have is from John Hopkins. It doesn't detail the list of alternative vaccines, it simply states that others are available for children with allergies. (As I said in my OP I seriously doubt any sane vegan parent would stop their child from recieving the vaccine regardless of it's base, a good friend of mine who is vegan has switched to being vegetarian for her pregnancy to ensure the baby is recieving all the nutrients it needs, she accepts the vegan way of life for herself but is willing to put her child first).

http://www.hopkinschildrens.org/Flu-Vaccines-Safe-for-Most-Allergic-Children.aspx

The link here, has a small paragraph indicating a limited number of yeast based vaccines
http://www.google.com/url?sa=t rct=j q=vaccine%20ingredients source=web cd=5 ved=0CHsQFjAE url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chop.edu%2Fexport%2Fdownload%2Fpdfs%2Farticles%2Fvaccine-education-center%2Fvaccine-ingredients.pdf ei=y2XeT6-gL6eU2wXQn9XhAQ usg=AFQjCNFM8W-5bm8Blsi1OYx9LbTH63Ed9A sig2=byz09DebXLtdphzL2CthYA

Sorry for the huge links, I am still getting to grips with my tablet.

On further reasearch the evidence for requiring/developing vaccines based upon alternative bases is waining due to incresed developments and reasearch into egg allergies and the benefits of administering vaccines to people with egg allergies outweighing the inherant risks. 

The scary part is how much I have seen today supporting the anti-vaccination programs. There are some very scared people out there :-S
 




 or fresian? 




 Actually, in the UK there are alternative vaccine bases for those people allergic to eggs. 
None if the vegans I know have refused their childrens vaccines because of the base though. 
I think a lot of the time vegans are demonised because of the extreme views of some.
What about all the non-vegans who refuse to vaccinate because they are 10 years behind in the news re vaccines and autism?
 




 Logged on to upvote everyone who correctly identified a TORTOISE in the image. 




 Why are people so rough on Aurora? We have been living here for three months and it is friendly, quiet and beautiful! Are there two sides/areas to Aurora? Because people always say negative things about it!

Edit- I accidentally a word. 




 I can't read it. 




 I lost it at 'cockshots / vajayjay pics' , but seriously, good luck with your new woman :-) 




 Wow, a SI_Bot fail!
 




 Why not try Denver Zoo? Im sure they would do a zookeeper for a day package! 




 That is the saddest TIL title I have seen (today)! 









 Seriously, I have just finished eating one of those :-)
 




 No, you aren't new, you're an asshole.  




 WTF did I just read? 




 Wife here - he gets a slap because my boobs are not that low down! 




 I love that color, I used to be black cherry red :) 




 This lightener was designed for red/brown hair - it was a blue based one! 




 Ooooh, purple grey....that must have been fun to get back to a 'regular' color! 




 Hahaha I was too traumatized to take pics when it happened! It was bad enough for the stylist to go 'Oh MY!!' when I took my hat off! 




 I used a lightening solution to change my hair from red/brown to light blonde. Despite following the instructions **exactly** I ended up looking like the lovechild of Lucius Malfoy and Carrot Top (yes I know they are both guys). So, what have you done to make yourselves look better that you immediately regretted? 




 huge, huge upvote for you 




 Thats true, but he has used the phrase before in school and been warned about it. My 5 year old knows that some things are not appropriate to say i.e. calling her little brother a poo head. I certainly agree that it is by no means sexual assault. 









 We've been together 12 years and my husband still does this :-) 




 Just checked the friends facebook page (Jayme Arrasmith) and it looks like she has been found safely.

Edit: changed sister to friend.
 




 Not the 1st time he has done it, nor the 1st time he has been suspended. Maybe he needs to be reminded about boundaries and acceptable speech again! Still think it is an over reaction from the school if the story is exactly as printed though. 




 Seriously? What are you, 10? 11? Mind you, you're a jerk whatever age you are if you speak to people like that. 




 And this is WTF because.........
 




 I'm doing the sponsored walk in Denver this weekend in aid of March of Dimes :) 




 It was Smokey Hill I couldn't get into :-) Thank you though! 




 The same bed?
 




 That sounds great for the kids! Thank you :-) 




 Thank you :-)
 




 Thank you :-)
 
























 Aww it looks just like my Cleo, but she is napping on the sofa downstairs. I hope his/her family are found soon. 









 Actually OP said TSA or other authority.  




 Ah, ok, then definately check out Ehlers symptoms :-) 




 Did you mean hyper/hypo mobility rather than tension then? 




 Have you ever looked into Ehlers-Danlos (Hypermobility type) syndrome? Also, quit the tobacco, quit the alcohol, quit the coffee (the migraines are probably from caffeine wthdrawl). 
Forget about your relatives issues if tests have come back clean, you are looking too much into a 'reason' and not into your own personal issues.

I suffer with constant pain in most of my joints, exhaustion, muscle weakness despite working out regularly (yes, despite the pain). I suffer from Generalised Anxiety Disorder which causes depressive episodes. I am finally in the process of being diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos. The symptoms are varied and seem unconnected until you put them all together.

PS How do you have high and low blood pressure? 




 Stocks of silicon. 




 So true. 




 Sounds like you haven't met many nice nurses then? 




 and we have found a doctor...... 




 She is three(ish) years old and we picked her up yesterday from the shelter. She was confiscated from her previous owner. 














 Thanks! 




 We are lucky to live in the newer area of Aurora, near to Southlands Mall. We can jump on the E470 and be at Denver Zoo in 30 mins, downtown in a little more. We visit the Aurora and Cherry Creek reservoirs to walk. My eldest is at a great kindergarten and is looking forward to moving to a good school for Grade 1 next year. We live in a really nice and quiet community, kids play out on the street safely. There is a little clean and safe playpark a few minutes walk away. We are located really well for shopping! Southlands is 10 mins away at most, plus we have Sprouts and King Soopers :-) 

We have only been here 6 months, but it is easily the best place we have lived in, and we came from England!  




 I live in Aurora with my husband and two young kids, and it is lovely :)  




 Hi, do you know how she is with children? We should hear tomorrow whether we are allowed a cat in our house by our landlord (they agreed to a dog but we asked for a cat!). I am home a lot during the day, both my children love animals and have been taught to respect and be kind to all animals. They both adore cats and have been asking for a pet for a long time! 
In short, if you can wait a day or two for our landlords response, we may be able to provide a very loving home :-)
I will get back to you as soon as I can, but if you do find another home that can take her sooner, do what you need to do for your allergies! 




 Why not move out the way and ignore him?  




 I dont know why you are being downvoted, Im with you on this point. 




 Yup, married him too :-) 




 We moved to Denver six months ago from the UK. My daughter who is five and a half now has an awesome American/Cornish accent (think English country bumpkin for the Cornish!).
I don't really recognise a 'Denver' accent as such, though you sure don't say your 't's. But I do notice accents from around the US when I am out an about, and can kind of tell visitors or implants to the area. The main ones I can pick out are the Southern accents as they seem so different to what I hear day to day.
I still have a strong southern English accent (think Londoner) but I am usually confused for being Australian for some reason, we sound nothing alike! :-) 




 Pink Spring Rolls 




 I shall drag my oven up the mountain for you! :-) 









 Thank you :-) 




 I was pretty suprised when he came out with the comment and I do hope he gets a talking to from the higher-ups. It is a PG shiw with kids watching. Sure, be edgy and outlandish, but rape jokes just aren't funny to everyone. 




 Here is how to use the clove oil - note the bit about not getting it on your tongue or gum :-)

http://suite101.com/article/how-to-use-oil-of-cloves-for-toothache-a192953 




 For a start, which brand are you on? There are so many different types and brands. If you took two pills on the Saturday it could just be the extra hormones in your body giving you the symptoms. Check your pill information, and do a pregnancy test in two weeks if you have not had your period by then (assuming you have a 28 day cycle). The cramping could have been ovulating pain, some women get this mid-cycle. The timing of missing the pill and unprotected sex was most likely during your more fertile period, so if you are really concerned about the likelyhood of pregnancy, you need to ask your gyno, not reddit!  









 Feet.

Very muscular arms. 









 Yeah, because that was their first priority....... 




 It is not on their picket schedule yet... 




 His uncle has confirmed he was killed on his own fb page. My condolences to you all and his family and I hope his wife pulls through. 




 But the people who are using it do. 




 Wow, so much hate on an image.

Sometimes people feel helpless despite of giving blood, donations, whatever, and want to show support and solidarity. To let those affected know that they will not be forgotten. It happens almost everytime there is an incident or major event - one went round for the CO wildfires. If you don't like this stuff then don't comment or like it on Facebook. Don't disrespect other people for having particular feelings. 

As for you thinking it is some sort of awesome marketing ploy - yeah, that's exactly how the filmmakers want the film remembered. With sadness and mourning.

People are connecting to the tragedy because a lot of people are being affected by it. I spent the morning trying to support a friend who's daughter was missing (found safe and well at 9am).

 




 For families that had to be evacuated from the five apartment buildings in and around the suspect's apartment today, City officials are opening Aurora Central HS immediately as an evacuation center. City of Aurora has coordinated with the Red Cross to provide food, bedding, counseling, cable/movie access for families. Aurora Public School buses are available to shuttle folks back and forth from the evacuation area to/from the Aurora Central HS. 




 Thank you, I was very British and made myself a cup of tea.

I have managed to get hold of my husband and prepped him of my frame of mind for when he gets home. I could not make it out the house. I did manage to let the kids play in the back yard with their sprinklers so they had fresh air and good fun.

I have contacted a group of women I know well to let them know how I am feeling, we are good at supporting each other through hard times.

I think it has hit me very hard as I have been experiencing very bad homesickness recently and had my friends and family reminding me why this was a great opportunity and a great place to be. Now it seems spoilt and the dream life feels broken. Even as I am typing this I know deep down it is not an accurate representation, but the anxiety and issues just force the worst thoughts out.

The scariest part for me was that a local friends child was missing until 9amMT (she was found safe and well) but her mum was franticaly searching for her and trying to get any information on victims and the injured. We also have friends who work and serve at Buckley, and knowing that they may have friends missing, injured or dead was awful.

Everyone I know is just in shock and unable to understand why this happened again in Colorado.


P.s. Your chin up did raise a smile from me though :-) 




 Hmmm, that would not make me feel any safer. No offence, but as a Brit, I really do not get the US mentality that more guns = more safety.
If someone is going to shoot into a darkened room packed with people, nobody is going to be there with the skills to shoot back accurately and without injuring anyone else.  




 I'm glad he is alive to face the consequences of his actions and to, perhaps, give the victims and their families some insight in time into why he did this.
However, I am also pretty sure there will be back and forth as to his mental state and ability to stand trial and serve life for his crimes.
This will take time, a lot of time. 




 I think some have gone to friends and family, the rest are just outside the exclusion zone on the streets waiting for news. I would guess that the news channels will broadcast shelter information later this evening. 




 They have had to leave with pretty much nothing, some are still there in their pyjamas. Taking food or drink to the residents could be nice? 




 Bonfils are filled for the next week, but are asking for donations in the weeks after.
 




 Its's nothing I haven't got in my comment history talking to other people with anxiety or depression issues, but thank you for your concern :-)
 




 I have diagnosed Generalised Anxiety Disorder. I have had it since I was a child (it is believed to be an effect of Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome type III, which I am currently being tested for). I have issues with death and often will have nightmares about being chased by death and having to protect loved ones from dying.
I underwent CBT (cognitive behaviour training) when I was in the UK and up to this point I have been in a much better place, I am trying to find my CBT notes at the moment to go back over my strategies and though processes.
My feelings are basically heightened anxiety/elevated adrenaline levels, tearfullness, fear and return of mild agoraphobia.
It is hard as I have two small children who I want to take out, but I'm scared to go out 'just in case'.
I'mgoing to see if I can go to my friends house not far from here, the kids can play and she knows a bit about my issues.
Thank you for your words x 




 I feel so upset and sad for those affected and for those who have lost friends and relatives 
We moved to Aurora 5 months ago and are here for another 4 years. We came from a small town in the UK where the most exciting things that happened were when the cows escaped from a local farm.
I never expected such a horrible thing to happen here, never expected to have friends searching for their children, having my husbands co-workers missing or hurt (we don't know about any deaths yet).
I have anxiety issues already, but now I don't feel safe going out to public places, if someone can kill people in a cinema, where is safe?
How do I make myself feel safe again?
. 




 There are many dogs available for adoption in the area - try the Dumb Friends League :-)
 




 Go today, I'm sure they would take you x 




 I wouldn't like to imagine the carnage if people carrying legally tried to fight back in a dark, crowded theatre. 




 Noooo! English scones are round :-)
 




 Drowning at a lifeguard course? :-) 




 Ouch!
 




 Appologies in advance if I have used 'ironic' in the wrong context! 




 Fair enough :-) 




 Not being a douche, but only 19 of the US states require safety inspections (scroll up on the link). The info you have given is for states that do not check VIN, emissions **and** safety. 




 ohhhhhhh.... now I get it. 




 Search the treatment in Google? That will turn up the common or manufactures website which will include what the treatment is used for. 




 Well done for going down to the station. Its a shame they cant help you more but I guess they need to catch him doing it. Please, please call the police on him when you know he is out there drunk and driving. 




 Erm, same story. 




 Seriously, the roads are like rivers here in Aurora at the moment. Stay safe x 




 Report him. Or do you want to be partly responsible for something like this: 

http://m.thedenverchannel.com/w/news-local/story/66662597/ 




 Ok,

1. I was 19 when I first had sex, it was ok, I ended up married to the guy so it couldn't have been too bad!

2. I didn't have my first vaginal orgasm (and by this I assume you are not referring to clitoral orgasms) for a long time, I guess it was within the last two years and I am 32 now. Mainly because I never really looked into how to get it to happen, and I was satisfied with clitoral orgasms anyway!

3. A vaginal orgasm for me needs some preparation, and I need to actually work to have one.

4. For me, it is about preparation and positioning. I need to be really turned on and close to orgasm, then I can focus on stimulating my g-spot. On top is a great position as I can control depth and angle. Also, I need the stimulation close to the vaginal entrance so deep thrusting just doesn't do it for me! I'm not sure it was anything other than wanting to try it out and reading up on technique that did it for me. Occasionally it is easier to achieve if I am more relaxed, or really turned on!

Hope that helped answer some of your questions? 




 Why do you think they died out? :-) 




 Sadly the dinosaurs are not edible, but the kids can take them home after the party! 









 I d0 :-) 




 Because this is the site being promoted by all the local agencies and news sites in an effort to coordinate funds. Of course it is rough, do you think they have the time whilst fighting fires to make it pretty? And it directs people to the Red Cross and Salvation Army as well as other groups needing funds such as vets and sanctuaries for the animals affected. 




 Yes, Im in Aurora, with friends in CoSprings, we have offered space in our house to evacuees. 




 Actually, I did, there are two postings of my link to the resources on this thread. If you can't be bothered to scroll, here it is again... http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/ 




 Actually, we were sent here by my husbands work. Oh, and the last controlled burn didn't turn out so good. 




 That needs a Patrick Starfish meme :-) 




 http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/

My original comment got buried :-) 




 Sorry, no idea, maybe because it is not always in use and is changed according to the information that they need to get out? I am not overly familiar with WOT though I know what it does, does it rely on uptime and issues with security, or just user responses? 




 Crazily enough, there is a firework sales tent pitched not 5 mind from my house. Idiots will be oblivious to everything saying they are banned :-( 
























 Not sure why this is in r/funny.... 




 Reeeeeeeeeepost. 




 Oral hygiene, it can save your heart! 




 Self cleaning antibacterial kitchen surfaces, robot maids/butlers, shower walls that don't get that soapy scum mould on them, microwave meals that taste like properly cooked food... 




 They would all be dead. 




 For accusing someone of giving inaccurate information, you sure didn't read the OP too well yourself. The OP is the girlfriend of the deceased and she is asking others to wear helmets to protect themselves.
Yes, the guy may have been riding badly, but I think the accusation of karma whoring is a little OTT to be honest. 




 She certainly has the superiority complex! But then again she is 6 and I think a lot if kids that age are fairly egotistical! I am going to see if I can visit with G T school and check out if they have a late application process. Thank you :-) 




 Thank you :-) 




 Would it make a difference that this is a charter school, set up with the purpose of helping these children excel? I am not worried about whether she is the shining star, a leader, or a follower, I just want her to be happy. 




 Thank you 




 Thank you for replying :-) 
Did you find it hard to socialise with your peers? What would you suggest for encouraging her to make friends of her own age? School admitted today that they bribe her to play with her peers with extra math work? :-)
(as in, she loves math so much she always wants to be doing some!)
 




 My daughter is 6 years old and will turn 7 in December. 
She is currently reading at around a high 2nd to 3rd grade level. Her math is at high 2nd grade level. Her current Kindergarten teachers have identified her as G T and suggested today that, although her allocated school for grade 1 is very good, she might be better off attending a school for G T pupils for her to achieve her maximum potential.
She has pretty much all of the characteristics of a G T child, she is obviously very bright, but she finds it hard to bond with peers, preferring to talk and work with adults. 
She completes the bare minimum of work necessary if she is not given extended guidelines to follow on quantity and quality as she 'does what the other children are capable of'. When given extended guidelines she can produce high quality work easily. 
She has little to no interest in playing with other children unless the play revolves around fact finding or discovery, e.g. she spent today playing with a group of boys finding and describing insects outdoors.
She also has all the wonderful emotional insecurities and anxieties of a young child trying to process thoughts beyond her emotional years. She has a huge fear of the unknown, and becomes very anxious when she does not know someones expectations of her. Change leaves her very insecure and I think she over analyses a lot in seemingly simple situations. 
I would hate to see her become lost in the education system, but I also worry that placing her in a G T school may ostracize her from peers in social settings. 

Do I give her a year at the public school and see how things go, or do I try to get her enrolled in the G T school?

As an aside, there are two other children in her current class that will be attending the G T school.  




 My exact thought! 




 What happened to the other thread? 




 Sjogrens syndrome? ;) 




 Actually free if it is for a child. 




 Thanks :-) I have been referred now to the National Jewish team. Hopefully one of them has some experience with EDS. I just want to get out of this bad pain cycle! 




 That's the first gif where he has actually appeared attractive to me.  









 I have emailed them to see if any of their doctors have experience with, or patients with, EDS. They look great! Thanks again! 




 Thank you :-) I will check him out! 




 I am need of a recommendation for a rhumatologist or rhumatology specialist in the Denver area. 

Preferably nearer to Aurora or Parker, but I don't mind travelling further out. 

Preferably with knowledge of Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.

They also need to take Cigna/GWH insurance.

I hope someone out there can help!

Thanks in advance x 




 We did this and it made a HUGE difference to us opening up to each other sexually. And we have been together 13 years! 




 I love you :-)
 




 Handcuffs, lube, dildo :-) 




 I have two young children. Nothing is weird anymore. 









 Ziggler vs Jericho :-) 









 Just watched Pitch Perfect again. Sigh :-) 




 Totally hot. Going to a WWE house show in two days. Hoping to see him and a few other wrestling hotties :-) 




 It would make more sense to show the weight in grams. I guess younger children can visualize the size of a tsp better? :) 




 I am not certain, but from the amount of sugar in each bag, it would appear that they have been labelled as x number of tsp, but they have used a tbsp to measure out the sugar. I have seen this mistake before in a kindergarten class doing the same comparisons. 









 me too. I thought it was normal to wake up in pain every morning! 




 Soooo apparently I have a degree of color blindness... 




 I meant to add that the CBT course above is the one used by the NHS in Cornwall. 




 Online CBT course here -

http://www.cci.health.wa.gov.au/resources/infopax.cfm?Info_ID=46

Usually through your local NHS is a 6-8 week wait for high risk cases, slightly longer for lower risk, but it depends on where you are.

Private CBT is *very* expensive.

I hope this helps. 




 I usually win and throw the tp roll at him in consolation :-) 




 Thats not good :-( I hope you find your way back again soon xxx 




 I am between picture 6/7 at the moment.
 




 Soooo space is fruity? 




 Well done! 




 You can see if you can get it in, but there might not be room today. 




 Well done on getting out of the house! :) 




 Thank you :) 




 Thanks, I hope you manage to get even a little done :) 




 Thank you :) 




 I know what you mean! I usually am quite good with my day to day lists, but I have had 0 motivation or energy to even write them recently!
 




 Yay, scribblenaughts :)
 




 Your sister looks EXACTLY like my daughter! I did a triple-take! :-) 




 damn onions 




 Hehehe someone edited it to "...and I like pizza'. I was too slow to get a screenshot before it was changed back. 




 I tend not to go far if there is a chance of snow, but now I have put blankets, coats, gloves and hats, and some bottles of water and snack bars in the trunk :) 




 Stay safe! 




 Hehe thanks :-) 




 I am :-) 




 I have Google reviewed them. I also sent a message of thanks to their head office. 




 I certainly have! Annoyingly they were all in the car the day before, but we took them out to take my husband to the airport and I forgot to put them back in the trunk! 




 Me too! 




 Thankfully it was the battery. Apparently it had been slowly loosing fluid and then with the sudden drop in temperature it just gave out. I hope your applications go well! 




 It was the one on S Gibraltar Wy and S Himalaya. 




 I hope your leg is ok :) 




 I stupidly went out to run some quick errands today assuming the snow would fall when the forecasters predicted.

The snow hit just as my daughters gym class ended. Unperturbed I parked up at King Soopers in Centennial to do my groceries and when I came back out laden with shopping and two hungry and chilly kids, my car battery was flat. Dead. Kaput.

So, now I have a car going nowhere, no coats or blankets, and two cold and scared kids.

I tried a few friends on my mobile, but no one was in or answering their phones, then my network dropped out.

I got out of the car (in a t-shirt and jeans) and looked under the hood to see if there was anything I could do.

The guy parked in the space in front of me got out of his car to check what was up. He too had a flat battery and was waiting on a friend to come and give him a jumpstart. 

When his friend arrived, they tried to start my car first, but it was completely flat and we thought maybe the alternator was gone. They offered me a ride and a coat, but I didn't have anyway to get the car later, even if I called a tow.

I spotted an old Brakes Plus sticker on the car and called them from the superstore (they let me use their phone!) as I knew they were just across the block from where I was. The guy on the phone was very sweet and when I explained I had the kids with me and no coats etc, he offered to come over to the car park to see what he could do.
He brought his own jumpstart pack, but the car was still completely dead.

He drove us over to the garage waiting room, gave the kids candy and drinks, me coffee and obviously most important - access to the restroom! He then went back over to the car park to fit a new battery and drove my car back to me at the shop.

The people I met today were so helpful and kind, I just had to come and say Thank You Denverites for being so lovely :) 




 I had to take some painkillers and woke in the night not remembering my name, where I was or who was in bed with me. I convinced myself I was a gay man. I am a straight female and the person in bed with me was my husband. 









 NSFW, tripod and timer. 









 Great link, thanks!

The 1st advert kind of made me chuckle with all the native/transplant conversations on here :-) 




 Last few days there has been an unmarked cop car picking up speeders in Aurora. On Quincy Ave, between S Picadilly and Gun Club. Usually with a marked car a few hundred feet up the road. 




 As a UK citizen living in the US, it feels that the hype and discussion around the election involves far, far more people than those who will turn out on or before Nov 6th. So Reddit, are you going to put your voice and choice to use? If not, why? 




 Done :-) 




 Nope, but only because I was driving out to Byers for the Dirty Girl 5k Mud Run :-) 




 Aurora, Colorado :-) 
























 I am one of the people that actually enjoy going to the parties! 




 Yeah, all of the jobs around here at the moment want availability until 10pm and over the weekend. 




 They do both seem to be better companies than a LOT of the other work from home companies I have researched. 




 Thank you! 




 Why though? 




 I just wonder how the people repping at the parties manage to make money then? 




 I guess I just feel he could be a little more supportive as I gave up my career to support him in his job which involves moving every three to four years. 




 Can you say why you would side with him? (out of interest) 




 Thank you for your reply! 









 Ovarian cyst with torsion. I told the ER doc that I would rather go through natural childbirth again than have another hour of the pain. And that was after they had given me dilaudid. 




 One on my lip and one on my ear from falling into a post hole aged 18 months.
Appendectomy scar on my stomach (duh!).
Six  1 inch scars on my stomach from laparoscopic surgery to remove ovarian cysts.
Three inch scar on each of my knees as well as three  1cm scars on my left knee, and six  1cm scars on my right knee from cartilage tearing and joint clean out. 




 Sorry for the spelling :-) 




 Admittedly I have seen in the US (after living in the UK) that Drs no longer hand out antibiotics as frequently, but there is a bigger issue in the US. I refer to the simple antiseptic creams available on suoermarket shelves. In the UK you buy a simple antiseptic to treat a small wound, scrape or burn. In the US it is nearly impossibe to but such a cream that does NOT contain an antibiotic. In fact a majority of the cream available on shelves in the US contain between 3 and 4 different antibiotics. And people use these frequently when in all honesty, a simple antiseptic would work just as efficiently.  




 I didn't know.
 




 Except that they can be fined for leaving snow on pathways. 




 We have had to dig out our car a few times and we moved here 18 months ago! 




 We do (Aurora). 




 The ibuprofen (and Naproxen) works as an anti-inflammatory drug. It is not only for pain, but for reducing swelling and inflammation. Pretty important for the OP. Not all painkillers are designed to do the same job, which is why Drs often 'layer' them together.  




 OP needs to check rule #2 then :-) 




 All the hipster kids look like minors to me now. Im getting old! 




 Is that a male or female? 




 Perhaps they should try some oxy for that 'fun' high! It just makes me ache less and very tired but not able to sleep for some reason. Do check out wiki for hypermobility and hypermobility syndrome. Ask about it when you see your chiro or MD next. Although there is nothing you can really do about it, there are lots of things you can do to help it becoming a bigger problem. It is not readily picked up on in general screening, but it can have a big impact if your medical team are aware of it. Eg I had surgery two weeks ago and had to talk to the recovery team about moving me between the beds. I didn't want them pulling my arm and freaking out because they dislocated my shoulder! They were awesome and made sure everyone knew to slide me on sheets, or to support my joints realky well when moving me.

I know a few people like your brother. They feel that their past experiences mean that they have superior knowledge over others when it comes to drugs. I hope he stops being an ass and starts supporting you soon. Maybe he is jealous he cant get high anymore? :-) 




 If you didn't need them, your Dr would not be refilling your rx. So, unless you are buying them off some shady dude on a street corner, you are not doing anything wrong. 

I live with an 'invisible illness' just as you do. Admittedly, at the moment, mine is no where near as bad as yours, but I live with pain, and I know it will only get worse as I get older. 

People do not understand pain as an 'illness'. It is hard for people to see you walking around without any physical imparement, looking, as it were, 'normal'. They don't see that every step you take hurts, because you have gotten good at hiding the grimaces. You play down the pain bacause you don't want to be talking about it all the time. People don't understand the sleep deprivation from waking every hour from the pain because you have moved in your sleep into a painful position.

I completely understand your not wanting to take the narcotics, but sometimes you have to do what you have to do to get through the day.

When your chiro said you were flexible, did they check you for hypermobility? Hypermobility Syndrome is characterised by extremely lax ligaments, and could possibly go some way to explaining some of your pain (the ligaments don't hold your muscles and joints together properly causing joint and muscular pain). Just throwing that out there as something to look at!

I found pilates and yoga quite good for teaching me breathing techniques to breathe through the pain, and also for strengthening my core muscles to provide better stability for my skeleton.

Pain and depression are intrinsically linked. When I am having a bad time with my pain, the depression quickly follows. 

Sorry that there is no more that I can add. Just that I know how it can be with people judging you for taking so many drugs, without really even being in the situation to understand why.

Sorry for any typos, spelling, 10mg oxy on board tonight :-) 




 Anything involving hot oil. 




 Chill the malt loaf in the fridge, then slice gently with minimal downwards pressure. Allow to return to room temperature. Take a block of butter and cut a thin slice. Place sliced butter onto malt loaf. A block of Anchor butter cut on the smallest rectangle fits a slice of malt loaf perfectly with no need to spread. Repeat until you have eaten the entire loaf and are filled with a strange mix of fruit and self-loathing.

Edit: Oh god I miss Malt Loaf living in the US at the moment! 




 Sipping room temp water and watching The Simpsons Movie to take my mind of the sugar swirling in my stomach! 




 And it is so hard to just have one! 




 Peanut butter and white chocolate. Sooo good, but now I feel soooo sick from the sugar rush! 




 I would have, but the kids were in bed and my husband was out... What's a girl to do? :-) 









 No problem! 




 That is so cute! I wish you every success in your big move and your future together!
EDIT p.s. Moving is pretty awesome sexually - so many new places to do it! :-) 




 Thank you! :) 




 We both kind of had a 'love at first sight' thing going when we met. Thankfully we were able to spend a lot of time together, getting to know about ourselves, without the stress of being alone together as we met at university and we were part of the same social group. We started officially dating about four weeks after meeting each other. We moved in with each other after two years of dating (and basically living together anyway!), he proposed after a year of living together and we were married three years later. We decided to have a long engagement as we were not financially, or to be honest, emotionally ready to be married, and we both wanted to save to enjoy our dream day.
We did not abstain from sex early in the relationship, and really learned through each other what sex was all about! We had a lot of fun researching and trying out new things, and we still do to this day. As we have grown older, our tastes have changes and we have been able to get through this by being open and communicative with each other. 

I guess when I first met him I could see myself with him forever because of the way he made me feel about him and myself.
He was 18 and not really thinking more long term than his next dinner :) 




 Good! I hope it gets even better for you :) 




 They did several pregnancy tests and ultrasounds before the surgery. I had tubal ligation as the sterilization method.
EDIT- I forgot to mention that I was also days away from my next period, so any test would have indicated pregnancy. 




 Thank you! I hope you find that feeling again :-) 




 Thank you. One of the reasons I wanted to post this was because I rarely see comments here from 'older' people in maturing relationships. We seem to fade away into monotonous sex-once-a-week drudgery. I just wanted to share my experience with my husband, and to say that it can still be new and exciting, even after all this time :-) 




 I hope so! It really does take time and communication. If you have those, I think you can get through most things :-) 




 Lol. Thank you :-) 




 I am just glad that we have weathered the storms together so far. I couldn't imagine having this depth of relationship with anyone else! Time and communication are definately some of the biggest factors in a good sexual relationship :-) 




 Thank you :-) 




 Thank you, glad to be making people happy! :-) 




 Thank you :-) 




 Thank you! I am very lucky to have someone to put up with me! :-) 




 The fear of pregnancy really did affect my view of sex as I got older. It went from being fun and exciting, to worrying and stressful. Have you ever used a cycle calendar that estimates your most fertile dstes? I used one to work out when I was ovulating and most fertile and we avoided sex around those days (even though we were using protection). It gave me a little more confidence in not getting pregnant! 




 Thank you! I am just so amazed by how differently I feel about sex now, no more end of month panicing! 




 Not a bad thing at all if it gives you hope! Good luck for you and your SO :-) 




 For me, when I am depressed, I don't have the energy physically to 'want' sex. I feel ugly and worthless, and that anyone who wants to be near me is only doing it for their own needs, or to pity me. Obviously I know that us not true, but depression can make your mind very irrational. Try having non-sexual dates. Go back to when you would walk together just holding hands. Take away any sexual pressures, but keep intimacy through smaller gestures like a kiss on the cheek, a stroke of his back as you pass him. Little things can really go a long way. Take an evening out each week just to get out, away from everything, and enjoy each others company. If I am able to get out if my depressive 'rut' I find it easier to feel better about myself, then the sexual side if things returns pretty soon. I don't know if he would be into it, but reading erotica with a good storyline usually helps to get me in the mood! Remember it is not your fault, it is the pain in the backside depression that is altering his outlook on life. I hope you both get through this soon :-) 




 I asked my surgeon and she told me that female sterilization basically gives instant protection. There are risks involved because it is a much more invasive surgery than a vasectomy, but as I was having surgery anyway, there was no real drawback for me. I had two large cysts removed. One from each ovary. 




 Oh, the way he licks that spoon...hnnngh! 




 Oh we had our share of rough patches! Sleep deprivation and a complete and utter change to your life is never going to be easy! I am happy for you that you and your wife have made it through :-) 




 He really is! I am very lucky to have him. 




 My husband and I have always had a pretty good sexual relationship. We were both virgins when we met 14 years ago, aged 18. We started with very straightforward and 'vanilla' sex, and blossomed into being able to delve into each others desires and fantasies. We went from missionary position every time, to exploring positions, to watching porn together, to buying our first sex toys, to exploring deeper and darker fantasies as our relationship progressed and we matured sexually.

We have two young children, and it can be very hard at times to be in the mood for sex. A quickie is near impossible when you have a child that needs their butt wiping all of a sudden! We have had many night times where they have woken crying, close calls with interruptions and a couple of sleepwalking incidents that were thankfully never mentioned in the morning.

My husband has been fantastic in accepting that the birth of both my children had a huge effect on my libido (and body). He still tells me how sexy I am, and how much he wants me, even when I am bemoaning my stretch marks and drooping bosom. He held me close, never demanding, and waited an incredibly long time after both of the births for me to be ready for sexual contact of any sort again.

He has stood by me through many battles with depression, and understands that because I have to take antidepressive meds long term, I stuggle with my libido, and sometimes I just can't be in 'that mood' at all. He still sleeps patiently beside me, cuddling and loving me never pushing me for sex, never making me feel like it is nescessary to keep our relationship together. He welcomes sex when I initiate it, but always ensures that I am satisfied before satisfying himself. Even if it has been several weeks, he never rushes me or takes only for himself.

We recently made the decision that our family is complete and that he would get a vascectomy. We have always been particularly good at getting pregnant, and despite always using protection, I would always be quite stressed each month waiting for my period to turn up. We both were excited for the day we would be able to be carefree and wild, without worrying about what time of the month it was (we would 'risk' it the day after I finished my period occasionally) and whether we had any protection.

As it turned out, I had to have emergency surgery recently to remove two ovarian cysts. Whilst the surgeon was talking me through the surgery, she offered to sterilize me and I jumped at the chance. My husband looked after me through the surgery and my recovery. Obviously he was pretty made up that he didn't need his operation after all!

Now, it is 10 days post op, and we have been able to have our first ever sexual encounter where we were able to have unprotected sex in a completely relaxed manner. He was able to lay with me after, still inside me, holding each other, without me having to rush to stand up and clean up 'just in case' and without worrying about things like the condom slipping off as he lost his erection. We actually had time after the sex to just be together. I have never felt so relaxed after sex, and I am really hoping this is a new chapter in being able to be more spontanious and adventurous in our sex life. 

I guess what I am getting at in this post, is that a one night fling is exciting and thrilling, a relationship when you are young is fun and full of new experiences, sex is possible after children if you are good at taking advantage of the brief moments you have alone together, and a long term sexual partner can let you discover so many new things about yourself and your partner and can bring a whole new dimension to your relationship. After 14 years we are still finding new things to try!

I love that is am still so in love with him, and that we still have so much more that we want to explore sexually with each other. And I wanted to share that feeling :-) 




 You were still leading him on. 




 You are one horrible human being! You are leading this poor guy on and calling him creepy really is the pot calling the kettle black!  




 What is your favorite aspect of the job? 




 I know! I just saw it again, and there were actually two notes left on different days from different firefighters, both feeding the fish! 




 Saw one on the news today from a woman who was left a note to tell her that the firefighters had fed her fish :) 




 We are south of DIA, but apparently there were some storms in the area that looked nasty. 




 Cant see anything because I am sitting in my basement with the kids! Good practice for them if nothing else! 




 Ah, ok! 




 According to 9news twitter, there was a rollover crash at E470 and Pena. 




 Both me and my husband have them :-) 




 Nope! Of all the 'lady part inspections' I have had, the women have always been far more gentle than the men! 




 Very! We were both completely innocent(ish) when we met :-) 




 My husband :-) 




 He reminds me of Pierce Brosnan with those eyes. 




 As a stay at home mum, I completely agree with you. However, I also see other SAHMs who literally spend every waking moment on their feet from 6am to 10pm meeting the needs of their families. Please remember too that when you have little ones, you're NEVER alone! I often remind my husband that at least at work he can go to the restroom without either being accompanied and/or yelled questions at! And getting up in the night several times because of kids illness, nightmares, sleepwalking, falling out of bed, deciding it is time to get up etc, the next day does become pretty exhausting!

Then again, I had a day recently where both of mine were in daycare at the same time and I had a whole 6 hours to myself! That was sweeeeet! :-) 




 I don't know why, but reading that bio always makes me want to vomit. 




 I don't know why, but reading that bio always makes me want to vomit. 




 Really didn't think that one through when I wrote it :-) 

Yes, I mean good brushing and flossing to prevent heart disease! 




 That is creepy. 
























 Hey, I am taking my mum and sister to the mountains on Saturday as they are visiting from the UK.
Where are some good sightseeing / photo ops that don't involve driving more than 2hrs?
Thanks in advance!

edit: I live near Southlands in Aurora 




 This is my first time seeing a psychotherapist, rather than a counsellor. She seems very positive and really made me feel comfortable on the phone, but what should I expect when we meet in person? 




 Today is one of those days. 




 And burgers apparently. 




 Given the little white dots, I would say no. But that might just be the carpet pattern! :-) 




 Flying to Seattle with Alaskan. Then on to Iceland and London :-) 









 I am using it only when I have a panic attack at the moment. I'd rather not get a med for sleeping, but I guess it could help in the short term.

I am hoping to see a therapist in January. It costs around $90 - $150 per session here and with all the traveling and Xmas (plus a broken car), I just can't afford the expense at the moment. 




 Just had a look and Ativan is the brand name for lorazepam :) 




 Is it something you take daily? Or, as and when the symptoms come on? 

My panic attacks happen so fast, literally I go from nothing to full blown panic in a few seconds. 




 I have had GAD for the last 25 years, since I was a child. Recently it has developed into/incorporated panic disorder too. 

Nine weeks ago, my grandfather was diagnosed with terminal cancer. He passed away one week ago. Since we heard the diagnoses, I have been suffering from recurring panic attacks, been struggling day to day and especially at night with anxiety, and lack of sleep is making it very hard to focus on my usual rescue 'remedies'. My Dr prescribed lorazepam, and upped my citalopram dose six weeks ago. He doesn't want me on the lorazepam for long, but, although the panic attacks have decreased in frequency, they are still happening often and the lorazepam us the only thing I have found so far that works quickly and helps.

My main trigger at the moment is panicking that my children are going to catch Noro, and then we will all get it. At the moment, one of them even looking a little off color is sending me straight into a panic attack. I struggle with not being in control and this is one area that I do not cope with the uncertainty and unpredictability of everything. I feel that I am alone in all situations, even though I have a great husband who would manage even if I wasn't there.

I am flying back to the UK from the US this week for the funeral, and I am going over all the things that could go wrong. It doesn't really help that in the last month, we have had two deaths in the family, my husband has had to go overseas twice, we have been organizing Thanksgiving, then my daughters birthday, Xmas, and two lots of funeral arrangements. I feel so overwhelmed, but guilty if I ask for help when I am able to let the control go a little.

Sorry for the rambling, I just kind of typed as it came into my head. 




 1 bag cranberies, fresh or frozen, 1 cup of sugar, 2 tbsp of water.

Heat on med-low for 10 minutes, then on med-high for 12 minutes, stirring every few minutes.

Allow to cool, chill in the fridge covered. Allow to come to room temp to eat. 




 Oh, those eyes :) 









 I'm more of a CM Punk girl :-) But Ziggler is pretty damn cute! 




 Thank you! I love you too random internet stranger! :-) 




 I will! 




 I am just saving up to see a psychotherapist! It is really expensive here! 




 No problem :) 




 That is good :)

How do you find the propranolol? I am on short term loprazolam for panic attacks. I am also on 20mg citalopram. 




 It was in the 60s today, tomorrow it is barely breaking into the 20s! 




 It is weird, kids are awesome, but they take up so much time and energy in so many ways. Right now, I am trying to persuade my two that they are really supposed to be in bed. They are too excited about the chance of snow tomorrow! 




 I need to try the meditation, but with two kids under 7 it can be hard to find the quiet time to do it! 




 http://imgur.com/OStGc
 




 Ooh, yum. I have frozen Changs for dinner tonight. Either some dumplings or beef and broccoli 




 p.s. not creeping on you, just checked your other threads and saw you were a student :) 




 Ok, here too :) Have you tried counting street lights, or stop signs, other busses... 




 I'm ok thanks, how was college today? 




 From a thread yesterday, do you have a game like Jewells, or Tetris on your phone?
 




 Take some slow deep breaths, it is light or dark where you are? 




 Hi
 




 It really help to focus my mind away from everything else! 




 Have you tried playing Tetris? It it works similarly for me :) 




 You could have a look online for the CBT 'workbook' from Australia called "What me, Worry?" I used it through CBT counselling myself and it did help me to rationalize my fears of sickness and death. If, having read through it, you feel like the ideas might work, then CBT would probably be a good approach for you.

This way you can check it out for free, before spending out on therapy sessions. HTH.

:-) 




 I have my appt in an hour. 




 Whilst I was breastfeeding, being touched there definately felt weird and uncomfortable. After breastfeeding and once the milk had dried up, it took quite a while for the sexual feelins to come back to them and they are still not as sensitive as they used to be. However, this is a good thing as I can now stand a lot more breast stimulation which is great!
I don't know if the continued decrease in sensitivity is due to the fact that I breastfed both of my children for an extended time (12 and 16 months respectively), but I wouldn't have done anything differently. 




 That was my point exactly! 




 Thank you. 

I have tried the breathing techniques I know, they relax me for a while and then the anxiety comes back. After a while I am too tired to concentrate properly on the breathing!

I am seeing a Dr on Wednesday, hoping they can help too.

Thanks for taking the time to reply x 




 Hello r/anxiety, I hope it is ok for my first post here to be asking for help.

I have been dealing with anxiety since I was a child (5/6 years old) and have been diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder and probable Panic Disorder (waiting to see a counsellor for formal diagnosis) I also have depressive issues caused by the anxiety episodes.

I take citalopram 10mg daily as a maintainance dose, and for the last two years, this has been working really well, and the anxiety attacks have been managable. I have also had a series of CBT sessions, and one on one counselling sessions to provide ways for me to cope with the anxiety. I used the Australian 'What, me, worry?' program during my most recent CBT.

But I digress from my current problem. A few weeks ago, my grandad (dads dad) was suddenly diagnosed with cancer. A few days later it was declared inoperable and untreatable. He has been given about 10 weeks at most to live, though he is deteriorating fast and the cancer is spreading aggresively. I am currently living in the USA and my family are all in the UK. I am travelling home next week to hopefully spend some time with him before he passes.

Since my dad told me about his diagnosis, I have been struggling more and more each day with my anxiety. I have started having panic attacks at night, some that are waxing and waining all night. Recently I had a panic attack that started at 7pm(ish) and came on and off in 10 minute cycles until around 4am. The panic attacks are causing me to suffer from upset stomach and nausea (IBS stress related), but because one of my triggers is fear of vomiting, this in turn causes me to have greater anxiety, and more panic attacks.

I am getting very tired now, from lack of sleep, and the physical exertion of the panic attacks. I can feel that I am shrinking back into my head, unable to get out of this vicious cycle of panic and fear of panic. I am starting to feel detached from the day to day family life I have, and I am just going through the motions each day, doing the jobs I always do, just to make things seem normal for everyone else. I am getting scared that this is not going to end. I am scared of everything at the moment to be honest. I am living right on the edge of breakdown and really don't know which way I am going to fall. 

My husband tries his best to help me, but having never had a problem with anxiety, and being the most laid back person I know, he finds it hard to understand why I can't just snap out of this, think positive, don't worry etc.

I am calling my doctor tomorrow to make an appointment this week. Hopefully we can work something out to get me through the next few weeks.

So, I guess what I am asking you r/anxiety, is for any tips, thoughts or experiences that will make me be able to see that this will end, that I will get through this. And how to keep the anxiety demons at bay.

Thank you xxxx 




 You made me go make one. 




 And the 7th July in the UK is remembrance of the 7/7 bombings in London. 









 Why, why, why? Why would you take those beautiful ingredients and then slather yellow mustard all over? English mustard is what you need! 




 Have you seen her other comments on different threads? That is one angry person! 




 She was trying to hurt you. Accept that she is a bitch, you are better off without her, and that the sex is probably crap with the new guy and she was trying to make herself feel better. 




 It's the lip bite at the end....definitely :) 




 I agree that it is the best part, but I usually break it off with my teeth, and the temptation to eat it is too much! 




 You have to bite the chocolate off the end carefully, then nibble around the edges, then if you are really good, you can peel the very top layer of wafer off whole. After that, nibble the bottom layer of chocolate, and you are left with a nice wafer biscuit to dip in your tea :)  




 Accuweather is ok 














 Firestarter by The Prodigy at a cremation. 




 Me too... 




 Very good, but perhaps you should cite a reference from after my source was written if you want to be so pedantic about this? I am just trying to help the OP.

Example: (from the NIH for you) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22018122 




 http://www.livescience.com/29215-how-plan-b-works.html 




 As I have said in a reply in this thread, it usually takes up to 14 days or more for a woman to be producing enough HcG (pregnancy) hormone for a pregnancy test to show positive. This is why most tests say to test on or after the day the womans period is due for an accurate result.

http://www.baby2see.com/preconception/hcg.html This page has a useful chart showing how the hormone increases over time. At 8 days post sex, the embryo is only just implanting into the uterus and the woman will show little to no HcG.

I think your girlfriend got pregnant earlier in the month. You should see a Dr for a blood test, and a dating scan would be a good idea too. This will give you both a better idea of the stage of pregnancy she is at. It will also help you with your options, whether you decide to keep the pregnancy or not.

HTH and good luck x 




 OP also says that they had previously had sex with condoms. The pregnancy could have been caused by any of these times too. It is very unlikely that implantation took place two days before her period, but it can happen. Having said that, most women need around 14 days to be producing enough HcG hormone to show a positive pregnancy test. I think the girlfriend may have gotten pregnant earlier in the month. 




 Plan B is designed to both try to prevent ovulation, and if ovulation has taken place, to try to prevent fertilization. It can prevent pregnancy during the later stages of a womans cycle. 




 That might work! I will try it out :-) 




 We have been trying that with her carrier, and her 'supposed' bed for the last year. She will never go into an enclosed space of her of free will :) 




 Because she is very timid and does not like enclosed spaces. We adopted her after she was rescued from neglect and abuse and I think her fear comes from there. 




 I will have to try your method! 




 Yeah, my cat was NOT falling for that! I did manage to burrito her in the end though :-) 




 I learnt this the hard way today. 




 http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-23691146

You made it to the BBC! 




 We started today in Colorado. 




 Or, she is 6 years old.... 




 I have about 7/8 years of sales, as well as management experience and basic accounting. 




 I would love to start my own business, but my passion is cake making (I am pretty good at it) and two friends have just started a local business selling their own cakes. I really don't want to tread on their toes! 




 This is high end jewelery, in the gap between fashion jewellery and fine jewellery. 




 :) 




 By your logic people should not work in retail then? As the customers purchases are funding the staff wages? 




 WOW! $5000?? 




 I don't have coworkers. Unless that includes my children. 
























 Not had much sleep, other than drug addled dozing and confusing dreams. Starting to feel as though I am going crazy now, maybe the pain is all in my head? :-( 




 Thank you. I have been scanned and prodded and poked. There is a cyst on the left, but they think it is too small to be giving me so much pain. They can't see anything else going on in there, so I am waiting it out on painkillers to see if it is muscular. If the pain continues, they will have to go in to check for adhesions from previous cyst removals, or to see if the cyst has formed near a nerve. 




 Probably not, because he actually loves them. 




 Thank you.
 




 He has no empathy at with others, and cannot imagine hiw he would feel in given scenarios. He can see the pros and cons of divorce, but not how it would affect me or the kids.

And no, he is not being a good husband. 




 :-)
 




 Thank you. 




 We were fairly certain who spiked the drink (there were two of who were spiked). But because I was so sick with it and couldnt speak, I couldn't tell anyone who was with me what had happened. I had actually stopped drinking about an hour and a half before this happened and my friend and I shared the drink that she was given. The police took a report at the hospital, but told me that there was little they could do unless they actually caught them doing it. There were no cameras in the bar where we were, so no proof as to who did it. 




 I am not planning on rushing into a divorce tonight. This has been hapoening for the last two weeks and I have been thinking a lot on it.

I am seeing the therapist on my own, with the option of him attending if he chooses to do so. 




 I made an appt with a marriage therapist and asked him to come. He didn't.

He has told me that he is not sure he loves me, or wants to be in the marriage, but he wont make a decision. 




 I would probably ask them to get counselling or get out.

He wouldnt go to counselling, so.... 




 Apparently my husband :-(

 




 Thank you.

I arranged a marriage therapy session last week and asked him to come. He didn't. He tells me he needs time to work out what he wants. I am pretty sure it is not me or the kids.

I have had to take a dose of Percocet. I haye doing this when I am alone with the kids, but I waited until they were asleep and I hooe they don't wake in the night as it is hard for me to thimk ckearly. But otherwise I was going to be in agony.

He will probably not even tell his friends I am ill, he will just say I am fine.

I will talk to him tomorrow and lay it on the line that his behavour has gone beyond the imaginable and that he either sorts himself out fast or I am gone.

And I will get medical attention too. 




 Thank you. I am not in a position to kick him out sadly. We live in a house owned by his employers and moved to the US for his job two years ago. But I do have an action plan to move back to the UK with the kids if he cannot resolve his issues soon. 

I didn't get the whole going out with an 8am meeting either. 

I have taken the stongest pain meds I have, even though I hate to take them when I am alone with the kids. I am hoping to get some sleep before he gets home and no doubt wakes me up coming in. Got the tv on to provide some background noise and the kids are settled in bed after lots of cuddles in bed with me.

I will be trying to get proper medical help tomorrow morning. 




 I really only wanted him to drop me off at the ER before he went out. I had sorted everything else despite feeling awful, kids were fed etc. I have spoken to friends and family, but we moved two years ago for his job, from home to the USA. So there is a seven hour time difference and a few thousand miles between us. 




 I posted here under a throwaway in the last few days (mythrowawayisaokay) describing how my marriage was going through a lot of problems.

I have been suffering with an ovarian cyst for the kast week and today at about 3pm, it got really bad with pain, nausea, chills. My husband was out playing vollyball/wallyball with friends at work, and I knew I couldn't reach him until he got home. I also knew he was planning on going out tonight with friends from work. 

I called my friend and told her the situation, and asked if she would watch the kids, if he dropped me off at the ER (only place I can get meds and nausea meds at this time in the evening) and then went on to his night out. She was fine with this.

When he got home I told him how I was feeling and he asked was my phone charged in case I needed to call him to go to the ER in the night. I said that I felt that I needed to go now and that I had sorted childcare so he could still go out. 

He got a bit stroppy and said he would cancel his night out if I needed to go to the hospital now so he could watch the kids.

I told him I had sorted childcare and he didn't need to cancel. I felt he was getting angry at me for making him cancel so I told him to just go out and that I would sort myself out. Stupid I know, I should have just gone with it and taken him being moody for the next few months.

He started getting ready and I went to lay down on the bed with a bowl as I felt really sick. The kids (4 and 7) were coming in and out asking if they could look after me. I was trying to make them see I was ok (but not actually ok) so they wouldn't worry and agreed they could stay up for a while to help me. He told them they had to go to bed "to help me out" and the kids got upset because he was telling them the opposite of what I had said. He then got mad because the kids were asking me what to do. He told them to do "whatever" because they were not going to listen to him anyway.

The kids were upset that he was getting angry so i sent them off to play. He started getting mad because I was trying not to throw up, and really upset with the pain and his attitude. He told me that I always ruin his plans to go out with his friends. I asked him when this had last happened and he told me last July. The story behind that is that I went out with friends, drank too much, ended up with my drink being spiked and taken to hospital. After that I was having really bad anxiety attacks for a week after and he stayed home with me to look after me. Apparently he was supposed to go out at some pint then, but cancelled it to be with me. Nothing since then has stopped him going out.

He also told me that he is fed up that 'every year' I have to go to hospital for one thing or another and he has to take care of me.

Last year I was in hospital because of the night out, and I also got very sick with a separate ovarian cyst which had to be surgically removed. What he forgets is that I also had my tubes cut at the same time so that he didnt have to have a vasectomy after deciding our family was complete.

I was not in hospital the year before. The last time I was in hospital for anything (to my memory) was in 2009 when I was giving birth to our youngest child.

I just don't know what is goin on in his mind right now, but he was yelling at me for always ruining his time. The kids heard him yelling and came in telling him to stop making me cry. They were relly upset and once I had got them calmed down and off to do a 'job' for me, I told him he had lost any chance he had with me, that I was not going to let him upset me or the kids like that again. That he had friends waiting out in the street to go out and that he should just go. He started saying that he would cancel going out, but that he had a 8am meeting and he didn't want to be coming out in the middle of the night to pick me up when I got discharged.

I told him to just go. I don't need to be guilt tripped into not going to hospital by my own husband.

I certainly said some things tonight that were horrible to him. I told him exactly how I felt he was treating me. I told him that as far as I was cincerned, he had made up his mind about whether he wanted to be in this marriage or not.

Pain does stupid things to people, so maybe I will regret this tomorrow. Or the day after. But I will not let him hurt the kids like he did tonight.

They both came in for big cuddles once he had left, I told them they can talk to e about anything and I wont be upset or mad if they have questions. The 4 year old just wante some cuddles and reassurance, the 7 year old was much more upset and worried, althoug she was not able to express her worries. I have told her she can talk to me any time.

I talked about how sometimes they fight and argue and shout at each other, and that sometimes silly grownups do that too. But that we I will always protect them and love them and be there for them.

I just need to get through this pain and sickness tonight, then in the morning I can drop my youngest at daycare and my friend has said she will have my eldest so that I can get medical help. If things get worse in the night I will just have to do what I can to manage.

I just need people to talk to me tonight and keep me sane. Right now I feel that I am holding on to my sanity by a thread and the pain (emotional and physical) is so bad I want to scream.


TLDR: I think my marriage is over, I am in immense physical and emotional pain. Get me through the night please.

**edit** sorry for the horrible typos and spelling 




 Yes, but as I got older and was able to open up to those around me I learned that most people feel like this at some point in their lives. We just overthink it way more :-) 




 She has just been given an appt for a psychotherapist rather than a counselor as her anx/dep issues are severe. I am hoping that her Dr will put her on leave for a while so she can get sorted out. 




 I spoke to her for ages on Skype, tried to get her thinking better and more clearly. I checked she had taken her meds, had food etc. She is basically under a load of pressure at work and I think she is being bullied by her team leader and another woman. I gave her the number for a crisis line for depression, and asked her to see her Dr on Monday. I told her I would call her in the morning. 

I don't think she is going to do anything tonight, but I am still feeling completely helpless and awful that I am not able to do anything but be there on Skype. 

I have anxiety and depressive issues myself, along with a lot of issues stemming from her overdependance on me.

I couldn't get hold of my sister, and her own sister is pretty useless in general. She doesn't really have many friends (none that I can contact) and she split up with her long term partner at the end of last year.

What am I supposed to do to help her?



Edit: I have to be away from my PC for a while, kids need feeding etc. I will be back later. Thanks x 




 Thank you! 




 The process is called titration. It lets your body get used to a medication and the side effects of that slowly. If you go up too quickly, you may feel the side effects more. Also, Cipralex can take up to two weeks to feel a discernable difference in mood. Follow your psychs advice, there is no point in rushing the process and feeling awful from it. There is a reason they have given you that advice. 




 Yeah, I cope really badly with busy, noisy places. I feel lost and then the panic starts up. I have been trying to desensitise myself by starting with smaller, quieter places. Started going by myself to the supermarket when I knew it would be quieter, then a little more busy and so in. Went to quiet restaurants, then moved on to busier ones where there was more noise. Sports bars still freak me out because if all the aural and visual stimulus. I can now go to concerts etc, so long as I have someone with me, andI don't get left alone there. It is imoroving, but it is kind of a gradual training thing for me. HTH. 




 Sending you a hug for now so that I can mark this and come back a little later when i have a chance for a longer post xxx 




 It is a line from the Big Bang Theory 




 And this is funny because.....? 




 Good news: You are not the only one.

Bad news: I know this because of the number of times I have seen this on here already.

Sorry. 




 Enough with the re-posts of this image. 




 I am already on citalopram, and my Dr really doesn't want me on lorazepam etc. I just constantly feel as though something is going to show up in my background checks, or I am goung to make some huge faux pas in front of people. 

I embarras easily and still go over events from 20+ years ago that still make me upset and embarrased. I always feel like I am faking my way through life, just to get through, day to day.

 




 Here's a full list. :-)

http://www.thedenverchannel.com/sports/olympics/colorado-athletes-travel-to-sochi-for-the-2014-olympic-games 




 Perfect reply. 




 It is kind of a shame that they singled out ten of the twenty athletes participating from Colorado. Why not celebrate them all? 




 My Twitter is broken. What do I do now? :-) 




 This kind of freaked me out. I felt like I was drowning :-( 




 Oh god that took me so long to work out. I'm going back to bed. 




 I have just been introduced to autogenics by my therapist. 

It is basically using the same phrases over and over to achieve a calmer and relaxed state.

I was really skeptical at first, but having done this three times a day for the last two weeks, when i say the first sentence now, I feel my whole body relax.

You don't have to even actually feel relaxed the first few times, just imagine the scenario it gives you and it encourages your body to relax automatically.

I am also on citalopram/cipralex and have just come off of lorazepam for GAD and panic attacks.

It does sound a bit new agey, but like I said, it really did help me, and I am going to continue doing it.

Here is a website that describes what to do - I just use the text at the bottom of the page - http://www.innerhealthstudio.com/autogenics.html 




 My So and I both commented last night that Corporate Kane got ripped! 




 I did this too! It used to be so much fun. Until I nearly fell down the stairs. LPT: Play this game on the ground floor! 




 My son is struggling to cope with the two recent bereavements we have had within the family. Both bereavements have led to either myself or my husband having to travel away for a period of time (we are living in the US and family is in the UK). He has been able to ask me questions, but it is hard to judge how much to tell him and how much detail to go into. He is showing signs of separation anxiety, but, he is also pretty smart, and I am finding it hard to know when he is genuinely upset, or just playing for attention!
Thanks in advance for any help you can give. 




 Oh sorry! My tablet doesn't like spell check. At least I knew which word to use. 

I actually have had a great education, thank you, and I am not sure what you mean by 'expand your vocabulary'. Are you attempting to say that by identifying a missued word, I am therefore lacking in the language department? 




 Yeah, that pic has been around long before today.  




 I'm really not sure if you are being serious, or not? 




 Definately* 




 And you want to be with her why? 




 Here is a picture of my rarity! She is called Cleo.

http://i.imgur.com/z3Wc6O8.jpg 




 There is nothing I can think of to say right now, I just wanted to send you a hug xxx 




 TIL how to say hyperbole. 




 I can't say flamingo. 




 She looks just like my kitty :-) 




 Oh yes, the very lovely Mr Hiddleston :-)
 









 If you are from the UK, it is a bit like the texture of a dry digestive with the taste of a rich tea. 




 Thanks :-) 




 Nerf gun wars. We can both be stupid and immature. Lots of fun :-) 




 Thanks :) 




 I think you are quite right with it being a redirection - thank you for helping me realize that!
I have felt so angry and hurt ever since the realization, I have gone into denial now about even talking about it.
Ah well, at least we have a topic for next weeks session! 




 thanks :) 




 I will send you internet hugs for making me smile :) 




 How, how, how has Ken Dodd not been involved? 




 Towards the end of my therapy session today we were talking about my childhood and the lack of comfort and emotion given to me, and all of a sudden I had this massive realization that I don't have a single memory of ever being held, hugged, cuddled or comforted by my mother. I can remember specific, albeit, rare examples of my dad hugging me and comforting me, but absolutely nothing about my mother.

Now I feel like one massive cliche - my mother never loved me, I am so damaged etc. 

F*ck. 




 What?? Damn, I am 33 and only just found this out! 




 http://imgur.com/wKcGZMa 




 I have seen and heard this before. When I saw it, it was a military plane, whitish grey, heading into Buckley. It came in ridiculously low over Southlands, set all the car alarms off, and had had people running out from buildings because of the vibrations and noise.

I was on a journey up Gun Club later that day and could see it parked up (do you park a plane?) south of Buckley Base about a mile from the road. 




 I was raised Christian in a Church of England family. We also had a few Roman Catholics and Protestants in the mix too. Religion was a fairly formal affair from when I was young until I turned about 8/9. 

I would attend church services weekly as well as Sunday School. I honestly believed in God until I was about 10. When my parents separated, we didn't attend church anymore, other than for family events, weddings, christenings etc. I had asked to stop going to Sunday School as I never felt that they took my questions seriously, and it started to feel like a chore and pretense.

I no longer believe in a God figure. To be honest, I really am not sure of my beliefs. I feel that there must be more to life than just 'being', but as to what the purpose of life is, I really don't know.

I hold strongly in the idea that the fundamentals of any given religion are to be good to one another. I dislike that religions have become a competition about who is a 'better' person. I feel that religion is oftentimes used as an excuse for persecution, hate, war, murder. 

As I was raised in the UK I had mandatory religious education for several years. Having moved to the USA I feel that learning about others beliefs and cultures has made me a more accepting and open person than a lot of the people I meet here.

I actually had a great conversation with a Sihk lady I met yesterday. She noticed my accent and we chatted about the differences between the UK and USA. Eventually religion came up (as it often seems to in conversations about the UK!) and she told me that she had lived in the USA for 18 years, when she met most people, they assumed she was 'a Muslim' because of her skin colour. She said she had been called all manner of rascist names because the people of the USA usually only knew of one religion outside of Christianity. She had been forced to explain herself and her religion over and over because no one knew about Sihkism. She had been demonised in peoples eyes simply because of a lack of knowledge and education.

Religion to me is akin to someone telling me exactly what I want to hear, so that I can feel better about my life. I cannot believe that we have all the answers. I cannot believe that books written and rewritten from centuries ago can hold the whole truth. 

So I choose to believe that I should be kind to myself and others. That I should help those in need when I can. That I should graciously accept help from others in times of my need. That I should care for the planet, the animals, the people, so that future generations can see the beauty that there is in the world. That I should be accepting of those who choose their faith. That I should learn about others to understand them. That I should challenge people who mean harm to others. That I should not judge someone on their faith, but on their behaviour to others.

So, no, I am not religious. I guess that if I were to be labeled, I am agnostic. But I keep an open mind. Maybe one day I will find a different label to be. But for now, I am just me. 




 Very true. 




 Thank you :) 




 Thanks, check my edit :( 




 Thank you. I am hoping for option 1! Especially as I am now on the 3rd big panic attack of the evening. 




 Thank you x 




 Thank you. Good luck with your appointment too x 




 Please say it will be ok?

I have never seen a psychotherapist before, only counsellors back in the UK.

She seemed nice on the phone, but what if I dont feel I can talk to her? What if I do my usual thing of making it all seem ok and insignificant?

Hell, I really want to cancel that appt right now.

edit: UPDATE: So after double checking the time and date and address, I headed out today to my appointment. And she never showed up.
I came home and there was a call from her this morning to check that the appt was still on, at the time I thought it was.
So, unless she has a different place of work to the one she listed on her website (which when I arrived DID have her name on the door) I don't know what happened.
Basically I just sat alone in a strange place for 90 minutes, having panic attacks, for nothing.
I have left her a message to ask what happened and I am waiting for a call back now.

edit: UPDATE 2. So, she called me up and asked if I had recieved her message. I told her yes, but only after waiting at her office for an hour and then driving home. She did apologize, but basically said thet when I didnt return her call (left on my home number at 9.50am this morning) she though I wasn't coming, so didn't bother going to the office.

So apparently, if you have a standing appt with someone, call them three hours before the appt on thier home no, and they don't answer (be it they are at work, or the shops) it is fine just not to turn up.

I have been left pretty upset by this, she offered me another appt later this week, but I no longer feel I can trust her. Am I overreacting or being unreasonable in wanting to see a different therapist now? 




 And if you go to a pharmacy to get a pregnancy test (this is available in the UK for sure), they use the cheapest ones available. They cost about 20p per test when bought in bulk. 




 It sounds as though the impact force would have been enough to kill him anyway. When a drink driver is involved in an accident, their drunk state can actually help them survive as the automatic reflex to tense up on impact is inhibited, allowing them to basically flop around and in some cases receive less traumatic injuries. 




 I take Citalopram 20mg daily. It takes the edge off of my depression and anxiety without leaving me feeling numb to all emotions. I know that I would have much less anxiety if I were on 30mg per day, but I also know from taking that dose previously that I would not be able to 'feel' a full range of emotions including happines - more just 'meh' to everything.

I was recently on lorazepam for panic attacks, which worked really well when I needed it. I didn't want to take it long term though due to it being hard to get off of if you use it regularly.

I also believe that combining therapy and meds is most effective for me personally. I am starting sessions with a psychotherapist again in January. Cognitive Behavioral Therapy was helpful for me, in enabling me to rationalize my fears for the most part. 

It really is a personal choice, and remember that medication can take several weeks to help you, and can sometimes make things seem worse to start with. If you choose to take meds, don't do it alone. Make sure a friend or family member knows what you are taking so that they can watch for any worsening moods, or changes in personality.

I hope that the information you get here helps, and that you find a way to live with the anxiety. It really sucks to miss out all the time because of the worries and panic in our heads.  




 Totally agree with you!
 
























