 I'm pretty new to knitting this scarf and the other Gryffindor one I made are my first creations hah...  I believe I used a 16" round needle for the entire scarf. Used a crochet hook to place the tassels. As for the yarn I just picked two colours I liked of the same thickness. I used different thickness for the Gryffindor one than the slytherin same needles though I prefer my scarves to be knitted in the round that way they are double thick with no ugly side c: I can provide the knitting pattern if anyone is interested.  




 Snake needed an xray c:  




 Nymeria after the dire wolf from asoiaf
And orochi after the dragon for okami c: 









 It's a royal python if anyone wanted to know  









 They do it usually to help shed, mine however goes in there to soak and then she poops lol 




 Well we also sedated him c:  




 We used a bolt cutter to remove it  









 Thanks c: 
 




 I recommend removing all substrate and replacing with paper towel till mites are gone, give all the hides a good wash in scalding water. As for the spray I'd has an ivomec spray and give the snake an ivomec injection if you can it works the best and is easily available at local vet clinics    




 She's a salmon boa and her and her name is Nymeria. This is the first time I've seen her soaking on her own c. 









 I work at a zoo as a veterinary technician and I also do animal husbandry ect. All the animals at my zoo receive a very high level of care. There's very careful guidelines that have to be followed to remain a member of caza! We clean daily, sometimes more then once, feed multiple times and different ways and provide extra enrichment daily as well all the animals I work with daily are very happy and well cared for. Medical issues are dealt with by the veterinarian right away. I can't speak for all zoos but the one I work at is great.  





























 Scared the shit out of me.. Not the bike.  The track, being on one. So nervous i didnt enjoy it. Any advice? 
 









 The 250 i had before was great height. For reference im 5'3.  The 600 is a bit tall for me.  




 Helps when you link me to it ;)  




 I'm the girlfriend and mine is the green one c: 




 We're sexy  




 I didn't enjoy skyward sword at all. In fact I didn't like it so much I never bothered to finish it.  The controls for swimming I thing irritated me the most about it. And all the other bs that came with it. One of my favourites is MM. I can say I've beaten it more then any other one.  But anyway the point is I think I actually hated skyward sword. Wii controls in general I find too flailey and I find myself disliking the entire motion control system. Just my two cents.   




 Horses should be moved down :P 




 woo this is going to be me once i finally get my zx-6r certified c: can't wait for spring. Just upgraded this year from the 250r 




 how did you find the final product? Did it make your legs spread further apart by doing it? 




 got the yarn at micheals (craft store) i cant remember what type it was as i dont have the package anymore 




 6oz/170g/315 yards 100% acrylic medium c: 




 yep im a vet tech. Snake came in very flat and we wanted to see if there was maybe an obstruction or something causing the listlessness, turned out to be viral 




 Me too, then id have a fleet c: 









 I'll have to get back to you on the exact yarn I need to find the label that was on it  
























 I want....  




 Can i buy one?  




 i hated it just as much xD 




 1. Majoras Mask
2. Ocarina of Time
3. Twilight Princess
4. Windwaker
5. Link to the Past
6. Link Between the Worlds
7. Phantom Hourglass
8. Minish Cap
9. 4 Swords
10. Oracle of Seasons
11. Oracle of Ages
12. Links Awakening 
13. Legend of Zelda 
14. Skyward Swords

 




 Personally i liked twilight princess a lot better. Skyward sword was just bleh. I was super disappointed by the game overall. I think it was annoying having to buy everything and constantly fly around back to the main city. I just came out of the game not liking it at all. All the other ones ive played a million times, that one i probably wont even finish. What I really just don't like is the motion controls. I feel like i'm flailing around. I don't have a wii u yet, but I was hoping that they would mostly do away with that, or at least make an optional control to no have to swing remotes around. 




 I didn't like the clutch on the new bike. I didn't like the riding position.  Just my opinion. It didn't feel faster,  it felt sloppy.  




 Tbh i have ridden both ninja 250 and ninja 300 and i far prefer the 250. It was an excellent starter before i moved on to the 600  




 Yeah i agree. Unfamiliar bikes make it worse. And it would be nice to have more then jeans. Which spurred me to buy some riding pants today.  




 Yeah i wouldn't bother again.  Not without a few one an one with good instruction. The group was mostly people who have been on track before. It was intimidating. All i went for was to demo some new bikes  




 Yeah. Hence i didnt call it a track day. Just first experience with a bike on the track. Not sure if go again. Not without proper instruction and my own bike.  




 It was a Kawasaki demo ride you could ride any bike there on the track with a large group.  I'm in canada not the US  




 Ugh i dont know if i feel like i wouldn't want to again. I was so afraid. I feel embarrassed.  




 Wonder who won  




 They had 2 to heavy for me... I'm like a 5'3 female and that bike was just too much bike  




 Just the track to be honest. The bikes were fine. It was super twisty... Not used to that and i felt nervous of the eyes on me and other riders  




 Went out on a ZX10R and then a 300r and both times i was just way too uncomfortable. I felt so nervous. Both times. Just destroyed my confidence. I got back on mine to ride home and felt awful on it. Like my confidence is just shattered.  
























 I used a small bit of wood under each corner to prop it off the floor and to keep the carpet from getting hot.  Cheap easy lol.  




 Exactly. c: 









 The xrays do :/ 




 That's sorta a huge breach of client  confidentiality isn't it? Unless they said you could post this  




 ;)  you would  




 Not my bike no idea lol nothing i bet haha  




 Thank you! That one is mine c: 




 Nice i have the same year/bike in green c: 









 Yeah i went last year to and was in some serious race boots hiking is hard in thoes haha  




 Yeah i dont know many other women riders either is a shame really  




 Nova?  Its in Ontario Canada  









 The way the horse has its head makes the horse look fake to me. Like its a big stuffed dead thing she's posing on for fun. Even if it is real? It seems very fake.  




 Loved this game the most too. Wish they would do a 3DS remake or something  
























 The pic was taken at Algonquin Park  




 Bailey to ptbo to apsley,  Bancroft,  barrys bay,  muskoka,  Algonquin park,  minden,  Halliburton,  kinmount,  to bobcaygen ans back to ptbo 
In Ontario Canada  









 Left  









 Agree i love it!  c: 




 That was me,  and im a lady :)  




 Nice 300 c: 




 Fixed wing c: lol  




 As a girl i still had a nice giggle when my odo hit this today lol pulled over to snap that photo c: 2 boobs are better than 1 




 I feel that pain.  I had to take my wheel of to install the new battery in my seabring lol. Chrysler sucks  




 Do the bottom faring blue that'd be cool  









 Vincent
Nero
Sylus
Valkyrie 
Vikan 
Victor 
Yukon 
Lucifer 
 









 749am friday morning,  Ontario,  Canada.  just got home from working night shift, going to sleep for 3 hours then go out for a motorcycle ride c:  
























 I posted earlier, but i finally figured out how to actually post a picture in the comments hah. so here it is. [TATTOO](http://i.imgur.com/ru8HngC.jpg) 




 I have one that says "the last enemy that shall be destroyed is death" surrounded with a golden snitch. Not sure it's unusual but it's certainly not common. My quote anyway.. Edit i plan on adding to it as well c: 




 Caron simply soft.  6oz, medium (4) on a 16 round needle 




 For reference i knitted this scarf in the round and added the tasles at the end to close up the giant tube.  Double thick and looks nicer imo.   




 My sister loves pink so thus the hurt your eyes neon.  Hah. I have made lots of scarves with this small yarn in the past. Harry Potter house themed.  Currently working on a ravenclaw one actually. It is rather tedious though.  But the result is amazing c: 









 This happened to me at work. A coworker (that i dont like really) has asked me numerous times to knit her mittens.  I just stand there and dont say anything.  I would never knit anyone anythjng unless I'm at least their friend.  It takes so much time to do anything. Especially for me since I've only knit 2 scarves, and working on a 3rd for my sisters xmas gift..   




 Amazing! Thay would be awesome!  




 I was hoping they would release a 3ds xl special for mm.  Even tho i have a xl 3ds already cause that would be epic 









 That's really beautiful  




 I'm in Ontario haha,  scraped the frost off my seat and went hah  




 Yeah i work night shift.  It wasnt that bad going to work, but home the weather said it would be plus 2. They lied lol i froze yeppp 









 I am the same height.  I moved from a ninja 250 to a ninja ZX6R 2008 this year. I didn't lower it and i can manage just fine.  Again im 5ft 2' and a small lady.  Don't let size limit yourself!  




 Cool c: maybe I'll see you around sometime 





























 What style do you even call this? Sketch?  So awesome.  




 So beautiful i love the style  




 The last of us  




 Having same issue... I'm not getting the email either D:
(Ontario, Canada) 




 miss_kissta  









 She's standing on the couch in the other room.  









 Medium yarn (4) knit in the round (70) then (22) rows main colour,  then (22) rows secondary colour.  There is 10 blocks of main colour and 9 blocks secondary.  Added the tasles at the end to join the ends. I used a size 16 round needle for the wntiee thing and a crochet hook for the tasles 




 Only yarn I could find at my local craft shop that fit the bronze was lion brand yarn in rust colour  




 Thank you! Of course the colours are perfect :)  









 I always have an arcanine with me c: 




 We must have the UK version in Canada.  




 My books never had chapter art.  Though I'm in Canada and my books were made by Raincoast/Bloomsbury.   
























