 I definitely thought this was all rumored. Thinking about this, it would cause alot of problems for the standard player. 
Heres a situation: A player goes to his friends house and has the ultra newest game linked to his XBOX before he comes over. To save himself and his friend from troubling with all the cords and plugs, he leaves his Xbox at home. When they start playing, he downloads his account on the Xbox and gets ready to show his friend the game aaannnndddd......
ERROR: THIS GAME IS NOT VALID ON THIS XBOX. PLEASE BLAH BLAH BLAH.
Anyone else see the problem with this in some situations? 




 Okay what i had considered and talked about with my uncle and a few friends is that on the Xbox One, they will have to option to download newer games that you previously owned on your 360 such as Halo 4, Mass Effect 3, Bioshock Infinite, and other highly-played, recently-released games. Albeit this was just my idea, i dont think theyd kill this stage setter that quick. Anyone else have ideas? 




 *slowly applauds* 




 Hey OP, dont Jinx us! 




 Oh gawd. 




 What do you mean, may I ask? 




 Ive also noticed crystals floating in mid air and not taking hit damage which reallllyyyt sucks 




 Thank you! Again, mostly mobile user so i dont get to see this but when i get on my laptop again ill change my flair. 




 Okay pardon a mobile Reddit user for a moment please and allow me to ask, is their flair for the Defiance subreddit and do we need ideas for some? Cause id be more than willing to come up with some. Of course theres the obvious; Ark Hunter, Arkfall, Irathient, Human, Castithian, Bioman, a title for each in game company, and maybe even McOlly(sp.?). I dont know, pitch in your ideas! 




 It is. In Co-Op on the mission into Delta Bunker, there is a bioman pumped up on adreno 




 I got late christmas money and immediately went to my local Vintage Stock and found it. I didnt even know what i had stumbled upon till i got it home. Mines perfect, no dents, and no rust 




 Missouri is with you buddy! 




 Okay i have to say it FUCK US AMERICA. Honestly, we make jokes about like Canadians always being too nice and stuff and its not even that. Theyre just not assholes. They have EMPATHY for the fellow person, something im sad to admit, most of our generation doesn't have.
If you have given me a gift, id probably have shit a brick and been really happy. Thats courtesy right there. People nowadays just aren't nice. In a dog eat dog world alot of people are becoming wolves. 




 I'll promise you mine if you promise me yours, I've said it more but who keeps scores

Right... right in the feels. Oh god.
 




 So this post is exactly what the title is. My story. My struggle with depression. Its been a battle that im not happy to be a veteran of but im sure as hell glad that i am where im at today.

My depression started really early for me when i was in about 5th grade. I was bullied alot at school. Now, you hear a lie so many times eventually youll start believing it. That was the case back then. I wasnt a big kid but i was chunky. I was in baseball from kindergarten to 5th and that's pretty much what kept me active. I was called fat and other rather harsh words for that era and at the time, it sunk in. It etched onto my skin and those kids didnt even realize it. I made it through the year but i wasnt prepared for the next shitstorm.

6th grade. Yay. Everyone moves up to middles school(except fort osage. Screw you.). This is honestly where it really started. Well early on in the year it was the same old same old. Kids call me fat, i lose all motivation to work at all and i just sit there. I got alot of shit that year, worse than before. I was in my schools gifted student program cause i was smart as hell. I always had been. I got a really good friend out of it and he helped me through what was to come later. Anyway, i got suspended for a racist comment directed at a black friend of mine who laughed his ass off at it. Nonetheless,  i still think the school had it out for me. I got suspended again later on that year for i can't even remember what now. Then my parents got divorced. It tooks its toll big time.
My mom was a heavy alcoholic, pill popper, and coke addict. She was physically there but nevee mentally or emotionally. That affected me the most. Never having the social development at home that i never got at school. It killed me alot. My stepdad was abusive when they fought the last time. He choked her right before my eyes. It made me resent him even to this day.
My mom sobered up thankfully and i was sent off to live with my aunt a few miles south of home.
Thus begins the second shittiest year of my life. 
7th grade. At this age(12yo) i was still highly imaginative but i was very unstable. My anxiety worsened now more than ever, not being with my mom or sisters. My cousin grew to be a brother to me. At that time though, he was just a role model. He was drumline captain and was friends with everyone at the small new school. I had about 3 friends total, not including family that were there for me through shit. I was a nobody at school. I got home, would check the mail, and then read my new Naruto manga and pretend i was a ninja for a bit before setting down and playing xbox. I had no life. I was too young to go out with "friends" and i wasnt old enough to be left alone. I became a burden to my cousins and i even overheard them talking about it one time too. I hated living with them. My cousin would always jump out and scare the living shit out of me to the point where i had an anxiety attack and sat and cried for up to three hours. That house broke me. One of my friends also really liked naruto so i made her a ninja star from paper and one time i was making her a spare and my uncle caught me making it. He took it, ripped it in half, and said "Its time to grow up. Youll never be a ninja so you need to quit with all that crap. Ninjas are a long time ago. They dont exist anymore. Grow up and start thinking about a real job.". That broke me. To the core. I went to school the next day, hid in the bathroom and cried for the whole first hour. Later on that year i wronged a girl slightly and she got her squad together and tried getting me suspended which was pure entertainment. Anyways, that school year ended, they moved away and other stuff happened between us that now makes me hate that sect of my family but thats another story.
8th grade. Changed me for the better honestly. Went back to the school i was at for 3rd-6th. So i knew alot of people and met some new ones. I was still fixing up from being the new kid and traveling back and forth every week. It gave me stress and anxiety like no other. I was always on snapping edge, ready to rip someone a new one. A teacher called me out for being correct and humiliated me in front of the class. It sent me blazing. So i wrote her a rather harshly worded deathnote:) something among the lines of A Little Piece of Heaven meets the Black Dahlia Murders..:) goes without say that i got in trouble. Expelled is more correct. And then i made my second stay at Research Psych Center! Yay. Not. Pumped them so full of bullshit it was hilarious. I did however get properly diagnosed with Bipolar and Manic depression so at least they got that right. I moved to odessa with my mom and stepasshole (he doesnt deserve the title dad). The first month or two i wasnt allowed in classes. Let alone in school a whole day. After a while, i did ISS service and around midjanuary i got into actual classes. Nobody welcomed me. I thought they all knew. I was so paranoid i though everyone had been told what i had done for their personal safety. I didnt have anyone to talk to till close to the end of the year. All but a handful of those friends now hate my guts.
Freshman year. I had anxiety like never before. Bad enough to. where i attempted suicide. Again. And got stopped thankfully. Had to go to court for Public disturbance or some shit like that. Went through the year under constant ridicule and harassment. I got into theatre. It was and is my escape. Its my calling. What lets me get away from people. I survived like usual. I lost a few friends along the way but theyre losses anyways.
And now to the grand finale. Sophomore year. My current year. Been pretty shitty so far. My best friends give me shit every second of school. Wether its about my choices in anythng or my mom or what, they find something and make fun of it. Back in about November, i planned on going through snd killing myself. I was done. I thought it was the only way out and the easiest way to stop the ridicule. Kaylynn, my current girlthing(we aren't dating but we want to) messaged me. Just needing someone to talk to in a time of need. I took it as a sign and i talked her through a situation id been in before. A few days later she said she like me. I liked her too. We dated for a month. Only good thing this year. We broke up and kept talking. My stepdickhead came out about his addiction to meth only to keep using. Uh.... welll.... now im here. Typing this with sore thumb pads and sore eyes.


Please share your stories. Your strong enough to get them out there. Trust me i believe you can. And if your thinking about suicide, take this as your sign. Live another day. Live for me. Live for family. Live for a friend. 




 Alot of my friends know that about me but ive gotten better over the years. Its a huge struggle as im sure we all know but if you can make it t hrough the day,  i am so damn proud of you. 




 So happy i took the time to help and im gonna keep helping as long as i can 




 Welcome to Reddit halo where we help decide wether an AI is 8 or 70 and the legitimacy of her hotness. 




 Im going to sound like Satans stepson but i ate the baby, then killed the guy for his armor. 




 "If they came to hear me beg, they shall be disappointed." 




 I love you sir. The firsr creative story i wrote was whenn i was 12 and i had just read Ghosts of Onyx so i was obsessed with the spartan 3s. My newer writings are exponentially better and are better formed and are more canon. I love reading other peoples works too. I am interested and excited! 




 So my ex girlfriend/current fwb[16f] and i[16m] have been talking since we broke up. I was her first kiss and she has always been shy and nervous. Well, i introduced her to my form of sexting as a means for her to show me what she really wants to do but is to nervous to do. She enjoys doing it and wants to almost every night. Over the past few months shes evolved from hardly letting my hands wander while making out to letting me eat her out while she masturbates to it irl. 
Heres where the problem lies. Weve been in this phase for two months now. She really enjoys it because she "gets a different barrage of senses each time" but i feel like im beating a dead horse. One time she got to having her hand wrapped around my dick but couldnt bring her self any farther.
I need help either getting out of this phase or ideas for her to do physically(btw shes not the biggest fan of penetration). Please help guys, i know im a little young but please. 




 A fwb of mine, we have a similar system. I suck at memorizing lines in theatre and so for each one i get right when she asks, well pretty much all in person except incriments of 1 




 Im in a similar boat with you bud. My girlfriend is really insecure, she doesnt have the history though. I was her first kiss and we dated for a month before she broke us up. We never stopped talking and she admits she still loves me but doesnt want to commit again. She loves sexting which i introduced her too but she wont go past me eating her out. She lets her insecurities bug her but i have mine too so ive learned how to get rid of them. If she does get insecure i just comfort her and remind her how much i love her and she falls asleep on the phone with me  




 Are you Satan?! 




 Okay couple problems with that, while i do miss what story 1 2   3 had against the Prophets, theyre all dead now. The covenant has pretty well disbanded to radical loyalists. The elites are now in the (Spoiler:Glasslands) midst of a civil war. The brutes are all but lost without any guidance and the grunts are just grunts. I dont want the flood again cause now chief has something REALLY personal agains the gravemind. I would type more but i gotta get ready for school. 




 So halo reach in a nutshell? I will agree, while i love the story behind Infinity, i miss hearing the death growls of elites. 




 If i understand it correctly, most if not true forerunners are dead. I could be wrong so dont hold me to it until theres proof. 




 While I cant fathom how purely awesome this would be, i cant see it happening. Spartan Ops as is already takes up quite some space but mix that with open world and yeesh. 




 I can agree on the dedicated servers with all my heart but what do you mean by in game rank? 




 Yeah, i was thinking of the grand total not individual sorry lol 




 Okay so rather than links to phony things that "will" be in halo 5, im opening this thread. Put YOUR ideas of weapons, vehicles, maps, and any other basic in-game things youd like to see in halo 5. If your using someone else's idea from anoter thread, please at lease cite that user.
Me personally, i miss UNSC aircraft so i would love to see the Vulture or Falcon in the next game.
I would also love to see the SMG back and the Brute Plasma Rifle. 




 I actually put Reach in earlier and just looked at my character. I had just reached Brigadier before switching to 4 and i remember how proud i was to level up to it finally. On here, i hit 40's in a matter of two weekends at a friends house. If they do add in the microtransactions like rumored, i would love to see a few extra ranks and rewards added in. Like three ranks after 130, Heretic, Reclaimer and Precursor and each one takes alot of xp to level, like in the millions. I think itd be cool. 




 I like it. Like a 5-10% chance of x3 and a 10-15% chance of x2. Maybe even add like one game fast tracks in there even. 




 Okay, so the first thing that drove me away after a week of Halo 4 was the sheer repetitiveness of the after game credits. Every match, id finish and watch as it gives me my 2890 xp and I'd move along. I miss the jackpot system that was in Reach. Never really knowing how much youd get, always hoping for the 30,000 cR. Please tell me Im not the only one. 




 Mind blown. That is actually a genius thought. 




 I actually think she still is active. Think being keyword. I may be wrong. 




 I like the idea. Like maybe in halo 5 it changes your tag to ally for 5-10 seconds but at the cost of your shields or mobility 




 I say do what you gotta do to get commendations and such. If he wants to do big team snipers than let him. It the same as energy sword and gravity hammer. You sure as heck arent going to get them in slayer so if you use grifball(like i did) i won't judge. Some commendations are just easier to get in certain game modes. I personally dont care how people get them unless they are using stacked matches. Then fuck you. 




 Only III's I can think of who were as good as II's by any comparable measure, is Noble 6. He was the only other Hyper Lethal spartan other than John. 




 I guess i worded it oddly. Traviss tends to put thinks nobody expects at all and is sometimes taken negatively. Like the arrest of Halsey, while yes, what she did was bad kidnapping and such, think about what had happened if she hadnt initiated spartan 2. She also almost glorified Paragnosky, the wicked witch of ONI.
Ive never personally read the Greg Bears but the reception is always good. I will take your opinion into mind when i consider getting the box set.
Speaking of which, how is the thursday war if you have read it. 




 I like the analogy there. Mind if i quote it? 




 Alright im going to put in my two cents.

Spartan I's and IV's are very alike. That is, they were both soldiers recruited for their exceptional skills and gene scale. At the time of Orion(I's) technology was underdeveloped and so several candidates dropped after recieving procedures. They were not given any power armor but were made to be super soldiers.

The Spartan II's were abducted at 6 and trained vigorously until 13-14 when they recieved procedures such as the carbide ceramic ossification of the bones, ultimately making their bones harder than concrete. Now while almost half of the candidates died or were lift crippled, the Spartans were able to show massive feats of strength and smarts. They could sport any MJOLNIR variation and were often sent on missions too risky for any amount of standard marines.

The Spartan III's, while having a higher success rate and a larger gene pool, were weaker with armor. The procedures were the same for the II's as the III's, only with time, they had improved to a 90% success rate as opposed to a sometimes 48% success. III's would recover quicker from the procedures and would be fitted with SPI armor and most often, sent on suicide missions, resulting in success with high, sometimes complete, casualties. The Spartan III's were weaker, but on par with wits.

The Spartan IV's were all conscripted because of previous conditions of servitude such ad being a special forces member or ODST. IV's had preexisting training and were thus not needed to be trained as rigorously. They would be trained, augmented, and ready for battle in 6 months, the fastest of any generation to date. Their MJOLNIR variant is, as another user pointed out, a Gen 2. That is to say, it is lighter, more durable, and just as flexible than/as previous generations. They do have a nanosuit underneath with hardpoints as displayed by Halo 4 legendary ending which shows IV's in the background getting pieces taken off by machines.

To summarize, Spartan II's are the most elite, trailed closely by IV's, then I's and III's. 




 Upvoted. I actually found an idiot on tumblr who, while im sure was trolling, argued 3s and 4s were the best Spartans ever made. Needless to say, a rather heated debate ensued. Thanks for the explanation!  




 See, I love the characters but Im not the biggest fan on Traviss' writing style. She tends to make a characters whiny and sometimes puts her own views into the writing rather than the view that most have.
Dont get me wrong, Karen is a stellar author but shes not Greg Bear or Tobias Buckell. 




 He was referring to Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), which is what this subreddit is using to display your CSR flair next to your username.

AH! Yes that was it! He was talking about the flair and how he preferred old flair to new flair. Thank you!!! 




 Okay so currently, i am finishing up Glasslands for the second time and I am going to read Thursday War. I hope theres more of the Kilo Five. With reading all these, i havent read any of the Forerunner saga. Can someone sum it up for me or link me to a summary? Would be very much appreciated!! 




 Someone i was reading a post by had mentioned css. May have been a typo. Sorry guysCSS? LMFAO
 




 Okay so ive heard alot of buzz about CSR and CSS as of late and i was wondering if someone could explain it to me. It would be greatly appreciated. 




 I know im definitely a bit late on the get go as im not on Reddit all that often but i would more than love to help with the timeline. Ive got the Limited Editions of Reach and 4 so i have a bit of background you may or may not have. just want to help! 




 If I could, I would honestly mail you my old copies of First Strike, Ghosts of Onyx, and Contact Harvest. IMO, I love the backstory GoO leads, and Glasslands definitely sums up the aftermath of it all. I would recommend what /u/DildoChrist said about local librarys. If not, just buy them at a local Vintage Stock or comics store.
 




 Spartan IV's were all Marines, Navy, Air Force, and Special Forces before the recruitment into the program. Most of them, as previous commenters have said, were definitely trained before the enlistment. War Games was made to compensate for the lack of constant fielding and was also made to keep the Spartans at the top of their skill. So in a way, yes, their training could be almost nonexistent so they are readily available to be out and into battle. 
As u/afterbang brings up, the augmentation process is that of the SIII's. That is, quick and almost flawless, but the patient will need time to recuperate.
While Im about to contradict myself here, this is quote for quote from Gabriel Thorne's journal kept in the Halo 4 Limited Edition Infinity Briefing Packet...
"Feb 6'58
I'm a Spartan now, after months of surgery and training just so I could survive using the armor..."
Note: MONTHS.
So I am officially giving it my vote of anywhere from 3-6 months of training. Hopefully this solves something a bit. 




 I generally scream "That ones for Six!" or insert name in place of Six. Its actually entertaining cause my party is always uber nerds like me. 




 I think that the Infinity will report back to Paragnosky or her cronie Spartan and it will soon reach the Arbiter who will join again in the fight against the opposition. Or maybe they could do a split campaign in Halo 5 because if the Arbiter returns to Sangheilios during this religious civil war mentioned in Glasslands, he might have to fight against that. 




 I personally dont play Team Snipers on Halo 4 but on Reach I used to. With Halo, its like what I do in Swat; try not to look to much down or up unless you are on an incline. This way, if you round a corner, *pop* and the enemys got a shell already dug deep in the skull. 




 Wait, I am confused. What is the true skill system? Ive heard the buzz about it but i thought that was the current system..? Is true skill where your awarded for how you do in a match, not just for playing?
 




 My cousin and I when we were younger would play on my uncles xbox and we almost always chose Combat Evolved and ever since ive been a big fan. just a bunch of memories with the games. 
























 I havent read the packet yet. I did download it. I was just very cautious and ran like 5 virus checks 




 I actually do think your right. I dont know. /u/afterbang , whats the official play on the field? 




 hmmmm. Yeah, I dont know about Halsey. I love her as a character and of course theres the war crime arguement of "Is she truely guilty or does the ends justify the means?". I personally believe, with you and many others, that its ONI (or more specifically Paragnosky) that has it out for her. The UNSC sanctioned the S2 project to fight the war on Insurrection. It just happened that they were able to also fight the oncoming Covenant war that Halsey knew a little bit about. I dont think she should be treated the way she is during SpOps but now that she's all sorts of pissed at what the UNSC has made her 'babies' into, I can see her working with sects of the Covenant willingly.

As for John, I can see him pulling a "Look at my Service Record and then get back to me if you want to stop me" move and going AWOL to 'revive' Cortana. I mean really, he's had her from the beginning of his MJOLNIR suit days. They have done so much in they're days and she has been the only one who has truly seen how bad some of the shit he gets in is. She has been his only TRUE companion so it's no wonder he will do anything to revive her.

Sorry if this was long but I am just in a typey mood 




 I honestly think AWOL is a legitimate option at this point. I mean really, Master Chief is one of the highest ranking people in the UNSC. Who's gonna stop him? 




 What my Uncle came up with was that its possible he could meet up with Grey Team (Cole Protocol) and they could help him considering they are long distance long term recon 




 One of those questions that will never be answered. I've often wondered myself too. Also, with eating ,and hygiene. Hmmm. 




 Alright. I will give the Win on this one to you and accept I'm wrong. Stupid misinformation in my head 




 Hm. I know before Naomi is given her set of MJOLNIR in Glasslands, she is in an ONI Uniform but shes a S2. I dont know. Maybe its all in my head but I swear that S2's never get rid of their armor. EVER. 




 No, I meant S2. The S4's, when out of armor, can wear normal clothes. 




 Okay not the fact that its a reminder but. I dont know. I figure he'd be so driven and fueled he wouldn't need a constant reminder. 




 I like your idea very much sir. I didn't really bat an eye until
This would explain why he is carrying her chip, as a reminder of what he is fighting for.
And then i just went: "Wooooooooooooah there." 




 Im saying that H5 will be released ~Nov-Dec 2014. We'll get leaks all throughout April-June of next year and maybe a few minor this year. 




 At the end of H4, he does take off his armor and most of the S2's without their armor, keep on their undersuit at the least. 




 My speculation on that:
What MC is holding in his hands is Cortanas AI matrix chip, the thing he constantly pulls out of his helmet back. Deep inside the roots of that chip are the core functions and properties of Cortana. Using this and the possible abilities of the Librarian and other live forerunner species, its very possible he is going to get her restored.

My theory for the librarian: If MC so chooses to go the Librarian route, she will fix Cortana but she will have the same AI life expectancy. She will still have all the memories from before her corruption on the FwUD(So she forgets all that happened during H4). She becomes full again and he starts to turn back to UNSC. **Further offshoot** He comes in contact with Kilo-Five, Grey Team, or Linda and Kelly and works with them to get himself back into the UNSC without high charges.

With a Forerunner: He gets her restored but she's unstable, but permanent. She has the occasional splurge to have John help the Forerunners return to glory but past that she can keep a steady head and maintain her ideas. 









 I have to ask, how is gmod? What does it take to run? I thought about buying after watching a few Pewdiepie videos. Now that I'm hearing about ODST's in it I'm excited. 




 The middle of the Sahara? But if, as everyone assumes, he has gone AWOL or on his own, he would go to Earth. He'd stay away from most of the UNSC superbases. 




 The Librarians hideout was Earth I thought? or was it that she banished the Didact to Earth?
 




 From what I understand its a darker color. Its possible considering the Kilo-Five series. 




 You just went full retard. 




 I would like to apologize for being a no show. My mom (Im only 16) dragged me to this party so I could babysit. So I am very sorry for probably ruining the plans. 




 Sure. Send me a request GT Troop4921 please.I ll be on later on tonight 




 My theory is the following:
1. The robe is to hide his identity from the community just for the ad.
2. He's obviously gone slightly AWOL so also to hide from the UNSC.
3. If he's gone AWOL and since Cortana is dead, his suit cant be readily fixed and repaired. 




 Thank you! Makes me smile everytime.
 




 Alright starting with Halo Wars. Get on and message me Troop4921 




 w00t! thanks:D
 




 Hey guys, AC here again. So, I have never 100%ed a game. EVER. And I really want to. I'm hoping a few of you brave souls with join me and help me achieve them. I kinda want to get 100% in all the Halo games. If your in for this, message me at GT Troop4921.
Here's the (long) list of achievements I don't have:

Halo 4:
The Legend of 117, This is My Rifle..., Bros to the Close, Mortardom, Give Him The Stick, Chief Smash!, ~~A Legendary Episode~~, Dedicated to Crimson, ~~Crimson Alone, No One Left Behind~~, Bromageddon, 6 Crimson DLC, **4** Majestic DLC, and 2 Castle DLC.

Halo Wars:(OH JEEZ ONLY 13/58)
Adjudicate the Arbiter, Detour the Great Journey, Crushed Colors, Mr. Punctual, Own Worst Enemy, Wall of Recognition, Epic Grinder, Everythings Better With Bacon, Endless Fun, He's Got The Jack, Rhino Hugger, Micro Manager, Ramblin' Man, Sweet Naptime,The Procrastinator, Handy with Tools, Didn't Get To Second Base, Thinkin' about My Doorbell, Backscratcher, OMG BFF FTW, Playin' the Field, Gallivant around the Galaxy, Empire Builder, Titan, Big Al's Scooter, Walk-Off Winner, 2 Bugs are Better Than 1, Penny Pincher, N00b n0 M0r3, So Lonely at the Top, Officer on Deck, Running the Show, Graverobber, Halo Academic, Halo Historian, Ready for the Sequel, 24 Hours of Quality, One and Done, Pull Hard..., Freak on a Streak, Living Loving Bug, Tour Coming Through, Never Leave a Man Behind, Drain Cleaner, Killjoy.[NOT EXCITED FOR THIS ONE]

Halo 3 ODST:(Little over halfway)**Thanks to /u/IKissMyCousin, killerjack0117,VPR Viper**
~~My Clothes~~, Campaign Complete:Heroic, Legendary,~~I Like Fire~~, Naughty Naughty,~~All Ears~~, Audiophile, Be Like Marty, Firefight: Crater, Lost Platoon, Rally Point, Security Zone,~~Alpha Site~~, Windward, Chasm Ten, Last Exit, Vidmaster: Classic,~~Endure~~, Deja Vu

Halo Reach:(So proud of where I left this 58/69)
You Ate All the Chips, 4 Defiant DLC, 6 Anniversary. Just check my profile

Anniversary:(Tad over half as well)**Thanks to /u/cb33**
Dear Diary..., Headhunter, Believe in a Hero, Living Legendary, ~~Bro Hammer, He's Unstoppable, Overshields are for Sissies, Walk it Off, No-Fly Zone, How Pedestrian,~~ This One's for Jenkins, That Just Happened, Speed Reader, Look Out for the Little Guys, Leave It Where It Lay, Popcorn.gif, Wraith Hunter, Breaking Quarantine, Tying Up Loose Ends, This Side Up, Never Tell Me The Odds

Halo 3:(**35** of 79. Just look at my profile)**Thanks to Oliver2550, SHAZZY SHERIFF** 




 i just dont trust mediafire 




 Ill be more than happy to do it today
GT:Troop4921 




 If I get a virus from this I swear to god...
 




 Im not the best either but ill 1v1 you a bit
 









 Yeah,its called a phone
 




 Thank you. I will now scour these for a good story i can send her
 




 Yeahhh, her and I both have sex drives that are just out of wack. Hers is ALWAYS through the roof and mine is just high. Again why I said I may catch some flack is cause of my age. And I understand what your saying in the first paragraph. 




 So I am just going to hope this belongs here and alot of you might raise hell against me but here goes. I (m16) have had this girl(also 16) thats been my FWB for at least a year and a half now. We always make deals to where we even out who owes who what blah blah blah. Well recently it came to me oweing her a story of her liking. Well, she isn't dominant but she likes bondage-ish stuff. I'm not into that but I am keeping my promise. She likes rough, throwing around, tied up, and her not recieving much pleasure but being teased with what she does get.
Again, not my style. So if any of you guys know some good stories I could send her in place of my (very poorly written) story please link it to me and I would be more than grateful. Also, ideas for when we do mess around in the future.

EDIT: We're not physical FWB. If you saw me, youd understand why. We skype and phonesext alot. 




 Hey Ill be on here in a minute Troop4921 is my GT and im working on Dominion master commendation 




 thanks. would also help if my game didnt crash every 5 seconds lol. really cant wait till my birthday so i can offload alot of this crap on my laptop (i.e. games and photos). I will talk to all three of you the moment I get membership and ill be ready to kick ass and take names in game 




 Hey guys, I'm considering getting a RS membership again. If I did decide to become member again, would anyone want to quest and such with me so I could get back into the swing of it all? 




 Okay so I found this subreddit and was very happy to! If we are writing our Halo RP stories then I will start.
Name: Austin Denruter(pronounced denrooter)
Age: 28 years old
Birthdate: 07/13/2529
Blood Type: O+
Weapon of Choice: BR85
Armor:Pioneer-Tracker-Contoured Hybrid
Helmet: Pioneer ADPT
Torso: Pioneer ADPT
Shoulders: Tracker
Forearms and Legs: Contoured
Visor: Midnight, Specialized for hiding effectiveness
SR: 63
Specializations: Spartan, Pioneer, Tracker,
Part of S4 Empire squad
Served in the Battle of The Rubble, and the Battle of New Alexandria.
Serves upon the UNSC Infinity as group leader and trainer.
Known to go AWOL for benefit of mission. Has lost rank twice due to Abandonment.

Hope somebody enjoys this:) 









 I could help possibly
 




 You still on?
 




 I kinda want to start playing again(On the 2007 servers though) but idk about membership. While I love the game, on my laptop its just hard to run. When my birthday rolls around here in a month im getting an External Hard Drive that I can offload all my games(Skyrim, FNV, Fallout 1,2,BoS, Amnesia, MariO, and Surgeon Simulator) onto so that I have more open memory and my RAM increases to run RS faster. 




 So I've been playing RS since ~2006 and I kinda cut off two years ago. I got rid of membership and still have ALOT of membership items and idk if theres a specific place I'm supposed to put this but I'm willing to sell almost all of it. Pretty well over its just a bunch of gear, some farming stuff and other misc. items I haven't and probably never will use. Get ahold of me on here and Ill trade with you in game:)
 




 I dont know if its good for scrip but Rampage: Minigun Mayhem, if you get gold or past, its pretty good loot/xp/scrip 




 Okay so I would love new races (ie. Castithian, Endogene, the race that Torc is) and an extension of what happened to the Stratocarrier. Like better explanation. I understand just even more story to it would be nice. Agreed with top comment of multiple breakdown/buy. New-ish vehicles or more customizable vehicles. More variety in enemies. DEFINITELY A GRAND EXCHANGE/MARKET. Anyone else have some variation on my ideas?
Oh, and one of the things a couple of friends of mine came up with; like an addon pack of nerdy armors such as ones that look like Samus' armor from Metroid, Isaac Clarke's armor from Dead Space, Master Chief's armor from Halo, Storm Trooper from Star Wars, and other generally nerdy gaming armors. 




 I don't use medic primarily but I do have my "Plague-healer" class which I have a BMG primary and Infector secondary with an infector grenade. It comes in handy, really, only on co-op maps and minor arkfalls. The group I play with often has at least one of us on the healer role and I'm normally stuck in that role. My standard though is an assault class however. It just depends on the person I guess. 




 lol i get it now
 




 GT: Troop4921 Ingame:Astin Craktair 




 Stage 4 Data recorder is at Top Notch Toolworks just on the edge of the garage if anyone wanted to know. 




 its saying no results:((
 




 Hey guys its me again. I will possibly be starting an Xbox360 clan. Anyone interested in joining? It'll be rather oligarchial leadership wise and we'll help everyone out as much as possible. If you wana join, shoot me a message on here, XBL @ GT: Troop4921, or in game my name is Astin Craktair. Just hmu if you wish to join or youd be willing to help! 




 Is that GT or in game?
 




 Nice name? lol ill be on in a minute
 




 Sorry, not with that type of grammar. 




 I'm playing Defiance on Xbox 360 and Im currently on main mission:Ulterior Motives. If there is anyone that wants to team up with me and help me it would be much appreciated! Message me on XBL @ troop4921 
























 I just read that whole article. Some ... things... need to be wiped off the planet. THIS LADIES AND GENTLEMAN IS WHY WE DONT INBREED
 




 Got it! Thanks dude!:) 




 Everyone is welcome to join me  GT Troop4921 




 Hey guys; Im going to give you a few of the shortcuts I have found that still keep it legit. [Spoiler](#s "THERE ARE NO SHORTCUTS") 




 SQUAT JUMPS WORK WONDERS
 




 Well, I dont need the points so here you guys go!
W0WTH-ISN07E-V3N7H-47HARD-H4H41 




 Guys I just beat it:D #GetOnMyLevel 









 Okay I guess your right about first posting this in /r/Morrowind. Its not that he traveled back in time, it starts in Morrowind and with him being a vampire, he lives through the time into Oblivion, then into Skyrim. I planned on it being a series through all three games. I will x-post this over onto /r/Morrowind and see the results there first. Thanks! 




 I agree. I dont know, cause not all the races only have babies with their race. 




 Hey guys ac here! So, if any of you saw my last post on [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/skyrim/comments/1gy6l5/troopor_train_subject896_plays_skyrim/) I do youtube videos of Skyrim. Now the ones that were linked were before I got my Roxio Game Cap so they were all recorded on a little flip camera.
Well, a few months ago I got Morrowind GOTY and had started playing. I stopped and thought about it for a second, and I said to myself "Why not make a series?!"(BTW This was before my Skyrim videos flop)
So heres the pitch on the series:
Its a semi RP. My character is a Dark Elf assassin, sent back to Morrowind from Tamriel because of a slight crime commited(petty theft or assault). He is in his mid to late 20's and is very agile and quick moving. He quickly decides to become a member of the Dark Brotherhood to progress his abilities further. Along the way, he decides to become a vampire. After advancing all the ranks of the Brotherhood,  he realizes his true calling(main story) and does that. Knowing he now has the ability of immortality, he sets out to conquer all things, Morag Tong, Thieves Guild, all sides quests. After doing so and amassing a horde of weapons, armors, and ancient relics, he creates a tomb for himself where he rests for ages. Until he is awoken upon a ship bound for Tamriel. He asks a shipsmen what day it is and he responds : "I believe it to be Morndas, on the 3E 433. Why do you ask?".

What do you guys think? Please be open and responsive!:) 




 I say roughly 200+ years AFTER Skyrim. I wish your character could be like the descendant of like any famous character from previous games. 




 I try for the DLC cause I need achievements 




 Okay Idea for a tag since RDDT is out of the question. R37? R for reddit, the 3 to somewhat represent the D, and 7 for Bungie and T 




 Hell, you can get a good 1Tb for $100 and thats what im doing in a month. Id suggest the 32 




 Idk if theyre down but there is so few players it's almost impossible to play. I just hopped off and there were only 205 players on 




 After a long night of ODST and eventually a bit of 3, we decided to flip the Elephants in Sandtrap. /u/The_Amazing_KyleClam, VPR Viper, Sinisterspade7, and myself succesfully flipped it. I know its not the first time this has been done but we were so proud when we got it flipped!  









 13,343 




 7,777 









 alright turning on my xbox now lol had to wrap up some things 




 Alright, I'm getting on now so if you want to work on some, message me! 




 This is genius but not my favorite. I love Dominion and the DLC playlists to much to have to deal with a bunch of people who arent there for it. The DLC list is very worth it cause I remember in Reach, you could hardly get a DLC match cause of the people that didn't have it. 




 Woo! Halfway in and I've already beat Halo 2! Now on to ODST! 




 Yeah, im using a crappy free live streamer so this is the best quality and fps i can get. As for the audio, I don't know whats going on
 









 Yess sir! Im going to play all the games on 7/7 for the pure enjoyment
 




 Why not July 7th?(; 




 Alright, im working on them now since I have a bit before I start my livestream again
 














 Hey hey, /u/IKissMyCousin, I didn't recognize the name but recognize the GT! and /u/Mercutio77, I might get on XBL later tonight. Keep watch! 




 Hey guys! I'm back after a 9 day hiatus (went out of town), and ready to play it up! So, as a few of you might know, about 2 weeks ago I posted that I was working on 100% of the Halo series. Well, I still am and I want to work on the Vidmaster challenges of Halo 3 and ODST(preffered). So if you would like to help me get any of these please message me on XBL @ Troop4921. If you want to see what achievements I am currently still working for, you can go [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/halo/comments/1fztc6/working_on_100/) 




 GT: Troop4921 hmu if you still need help 




 Got a solid 3/15 now. Pretty proud. 




 Any size idea? like are we talking 4 GB or like 14 GB 




 I use the Triton Halo 4 series and they work wonders for me.
 




 x-post this on /r/ODST and hope. There are some people who view it regularly. 




 Yes there is and I just so happen to be a moderator for it!:) 




 Would you please put this on /r/ODST for me:) Trying to get some people on there:) 




 Um yes Ill order ten please 




 I loved 3's
 




 I would go to Trevalyn
 




 Very dissappointed with myself. Only got 1/5 and that was #5 cause Cole Protocol was my favorite book that I read three times. Jeez. I need to fill up on my knowledge again. 




 Alright thanks:) 




 Thank you! It was such a time consumer but it ranks up there with my favorite Halo achievements. We've decided soon were going to LASO H4 and see how well that works. Any advice? 









 Hey guys! Itsa me! AC! /u/IKissMyCousin , /u/Yummy_Tiger, and I [plus a friend whose not on Reddit :(] all tackled the Ach. Vidmaster Endure in Halo 3: ODST which is to ENDURE 4 whole sets of fire fight. If you never played ODST firefight, heres a break down. There's sets which are composed of 3 rounds which are composed of 5 waves. If you did the math, we did roughly 64 waves (including bonus). It took us our estimated 2 hours but was very satisfactory in the end. If you wana look at a bit of our results, check it out [here](http://train_subject896.imgur.com/all/).
Past that, contact us and we'll be more than willing to help again I'm sure! 




 Yes, Yes I would! I haven't very many and I'm working on 100%ing all the series so YES! Gt; Troop4921 




 I should also add my GT is troop4921
 




 Id be up for it! 









 Can't say as I blame you but I think if I do get the Exxone it will be JUST for Halo 5 




 TWAT?! WHY NOT?!
 




 okay then. I aso had a few friends clarify for me
 




 Consider me in. Problem is, im pretty sure you get the Mark VI from solo legendary. GT Troop4921 
























 I will definitely get a hold of you by the end of the month! This kinda makes me laugh cause we are close to all the exact same achievements. 




 Well this was a flop, being the same night as Battlefront night lol 




 After /r/halo game night sure:)
 




 On H3, I just did a party of 6 for 7onthe7th
 




 So I had been grinding away in Reach trying to get ANY of the achievements I'm missing and decided to take a break from slayer and went to Grifball to calm down. Well, very first match I get in is against a party of four. All of them high ranked, all of them above a 3 year tenure, all of them resorting to poor sportsmanship. Honestly, Reach used to be one of my favorite games but this just absolutely killed it for me. 









 I just got out of a game of Grifball for some relaxation and all I got was the opposite. I'll post a video so you can see what I mean. But yeah, theres not to many ways you can boost anymore for alot of achievements
 




 I did for 3 Halo 3 achievements but past that, nobody has helped me with anything DLC. 




 I guess I should clarify achievemental 100%! I could easily get the Halo 4 max but Inheritor and Halo 3 max would take a bit. 




 CURSE YOU! The first one I think I know in a while, I get wrong. I'm rereading Cole Protocol again lol 




 Hey all!!! AC here! So since it's Friday and I am entirely free, I will be hosting an ODST Firefight game night! I will open up my party at 7:30-8:00 PM (CST)! Message Troop4921 if you want to join or start a second party if we need to! Send me your videos and pictures if you capture any!:D 




 VERY excited about the Champions Bundle! 




 Yeah I kinda figured solo would be 1000x of times easier and no matter how much my friend and I joke, neither of us are true Spartans lol. I think the most badass Spartan-esque thing I have ever done was I beat Pillar of Autumn on Halo Reach Legendary and died twice which was awesome. 




 lol I think I was trying on legendary with a friend and we figured out, when you die, you respawn with forerunner weapons so its definitely a no-no on legendary 




 Hey guys! AC here! So, about a month ago, I posted on /r/halo about my summer goal which is to earn 100% in ALL the Halo games(excluding Halo 2 Vista). Well, I decided to update this because I have made SO MUCH progress thanks to alot of you guys! If you helped me earn an achievement and I don't have you listed, please, tell me your gamertag and I will put you on here asap!
Here is the list of achievements I am still missing:

Halo 4: The Legend of 117, This is My Rifle..., Bros to the Close, Mortardom, Give Him The Stick, Chief Smash!, Dedicated to Crimson, Bromageddon, 6 Crimson DLC, 4 Majestic DLC, and 2 Castle DLC.

Halo 3 ODST:**Thanks to /u/IKissMyCousin, killerjack0117, VPR Viper** Campaign Complete:Heroic, Legendary, Naughty Naughty, Audiophile, Firefight: Crater, Lost Platoon, Rally Point, Windward, Chasm Ten, Last Exit, Vidmaster: Classic, Deja Vu

Halo 3: **Thanks to Oliver2550, SHAZZY SHERIFF**
42 of 79. Heroic, Legendary, UNSC Spartan, Spartan Officer, 22 Multiplayer, Marathon Man, ALL Par scores, Vidmaster Lightswitch

Halo Reach: 58/69 ALL DLC Achievements if you want to help.

Anniversary:**Thanks to /u/cb33** Dear Diary..., Headhunter, Believe in a Hero, Living Legendary, He's Unstoppable!, This One's for Jenkins, That Just Happened, Speed Reader, Look Out for the Little Guys, Leave It Where It Lay, Popcorn.gif, Wraith Hunter, Tying Up Loose Ends, This Side Up, Never Tell Me The Odds

Halo Wars: Adjudicate the Arbiter, Detour the Great Journey, Crushed Colors, Mr. Punctual, Own Worst Enemy, Wall of Recognition, Epic Grinder, Everythings Better With Bacon, Endless Fun, He's Got The Jack, Rhino Hugger, Micro Manager, Ramblin' Man, Sweet Naptime,The Procrastinator, Handy with Tools, Didn't Get To Second Base, Thinkin' about My Doorbell, Backscratcher, OMG BFF FTW, Playin' the Field, Gallivant around the Galaxy,  Titan, Big Al's Scooter, 2 Bugs are Better Than 1, Penny Pincher, Running the Show, Graverobber, Halo Academic, Halo Historian, Ready for the Sequel, 24 Hours of Quality, One and Done, Pull Hard..., Freak on a Streak, Living Loving Bug, Tour Coming Through, Never Leave a Man Behind, Drain Cleaner, Killjoy 




 The Flood gives a bit of a more in depth look at it. More emotion is kinda the only plus. 




 Theres plenty of smaller subreddits that I think don't get enough attention. /r/ODST and /r/UNSC included. 




 What was THC itself may I ask? Was it like a forum, a blog, or what?
 




 Would someone please fill in a n00b on what THC was and the rivalry between them and Beyond? 




 Possibly, or nonexistent. I don't know. The code breakers are pretty good about cracking them really quick and finding the codes withing 2-3 weeks of release. 




 It could but it has its own subreddit for the same reason that /r/UNSC is its own subreddit. Some people have a deeper "passion" for certain aspects of Halo. 




 Mk. VI I believe? Also, if it was solo, there is a code for even more goodies on Halo Waypoint. 




 I looked at my Sect. 3 files and I do not think that there is a code for Crimson DLC. I found one on Majestic, Castle, and several other things. I would suggest watching [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjb_6PppG8s) video to see if there are any codes you have missed. 









 I am x-posting to /r/ODST if you don't mind. 




 *loudly applaudes* Congratulations! 




 Depends. If you are going for the information and understanding then go:
*Reach
*Anniversary
*Halo 2
*ODST
*Halo 3
*Halo 4
 All of which I would do on Normal or Heroic just so you still have fun with it and can focus on the story. If your just playing to see the progression the games have made, play in your order on Heroic with at least one skull on to add a small challenge. 




 Can we get an update on his status? 




 I saw "agensed" and noped the fuck off that picture. 




 Oh he'll be *pushing* Daisies alright. 




 The shoulder look a bit tight but past that, I have been needing to trim weight anyways. Thankfully, I am getting a job soon so the money won't be *too* much of a problem. Thanks for the answers! 




 What did you use to make it? Pepakura, fiberglass, foam? How much did all materials cost? How much time? General size requirements. 




 How much did it cost to make it and would you be willing to sell for ~$50 more than you made it for? 




 I had bought the limited edition so I got all the map packs for free(ish). I would agree to make the DLC free or reduced and bring back a playlists for DLC only. 




 Ill help
 




 From what I have heard that is true, that Chief did have a didact's geas(Not sure which one though). Also though, since the librarian looked over human kind in the earliest years, It is highly possible she was able to telepathically communicate. 




 Are you still working on it? I did it with a friend a while back and I'd be willing to help someone else 




 How did you steam it?
 




 Gimme gimme gimme 




 lol I am from Missouri and when I was old enough to understand all that stuff, parent explained it to me. I think its an okay idea. lol jk 




 [Sauce](http://www.foddy.net/CLOP.html) 




 GT; Troop4921
 




 I know but still, I wish things like this could be worked out to being lowered just the smallest bit. 




 Lol, And there are segments that are in person so I understand the 18+ but drinking age in most if not all of America is 21 so that wouldnt be a reason for us. 




 Agreed. Sorry all! 




 There was a post a bit back that had their site up on it. I can try and find it again.
 




 I even said, 
"Imagining if I was my character,"
By that I meant, if it was in real life and I was my character, then blah blah blah. 




 They converted a video of mine like two weeks ago. They should still be up 




 What would be in the way of rewards? Im hoping nothing cause then people become competitive and will do anything to win. and if there are rewards, make it like a reddit title or just something non-tangible.
 




 Alcohol. At an online tournament? 




 Okay, I can understand not letting squeakers on but at least let it be 16+! The one thing that agitates me is the fact that I cant participate in these tournaments that I would love to do and not being old enough. 




 Fallout 3. Imagining if I was my character, dodging bullets incoming from super mutants a block up the road as I scoot behind a Jersey Barrier. Slowly lifting my assault rifle over and blind firing, hearing one yell out in pain as I vault  over and fire into his chest. I dead sprint straight forward, jumping in the air, screaming out a battle yell, stabbing a combat knife into its head. Yeah, Fallout 3. 




 Sweeney Todd;D Immediately go to New Vegas, get Figaro from the barber for the King, sneak kill Benny. Live the rest of your life Brahmin farming and making pies. 




 Number one thing that aggravates me about tournaments is that you have to be 18+. GAH. 




 Thats exactly what it was!
 




 Im assuming an ingame logo. i will tell you soon
 




 If you get fifty points will you please do it. Set the eggs on fire. Like, make it the worst thing possible. 
























 I don't know the lore but here is a [link](http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/Brotherhood_of_Steel_(Midwest) ) about the MW BoS, of which I would try and be a part of, living in Missouri!:D 




 What was their fireteam name before(assuming they become S-IV's) they would have joined SpOps? 









 Technically, that whole team could actually come back as S-IV's. Rookie would probably be a last choice. Romeo and Dutch would be among the first. 




 Okay so I finally got bored of my Xbox Fallout NV so I downloaded a few mods for my PC FNV and it's already 1000x better than Xbox. Now, because I don't own a mouse, I use my Afterglow Wired 360 controller. Alot of the time before I start adventuring, I will tdm for shits and giggles. My only problem with this is, I have to unplug my controller, type it in, and the plug in my controller again. Sometimes however, the controller f***s up and I have to restart everything. I really hate forgetting to turn it on cause of my controller and then dying at an inopportune time and not having quicksaved. Anyone know a mod or how to fix?

TL;DR Is there any way to use keyboard and controller at the same time? 




 This belongs in wtf or lolwtf haha 




 I was going to but you called the Forward Unto Dawn the Pillar of Autumn. Pillar went down in Halo 1 there bud. 




 lol you go /u/OpTic_Niko
I work at a small hometown game store and we sell the figurines for Used $3.50 and New varies. I generally wait for people to bring them back in or for my paycheck. And as it stands, my collection is still VERY small being only 4 characters lol 




 Top Picture: So there I was, saving Deputy Beagle from the Bison Steve on my PC for the first time and BAM, THERES TWO OF HIM?! lol I rescued both and that was even more interesting 









 This honestly was the main reason I got Honest Hearts. I saw this one time on my quest to get all of the uniques and I was so excited to get it cause it was lore rich which I love. 




 Child Killer. Just because. 




 **EDIT**:Because the bullet system fails for me changing this up a bit.

**1:**A USB version of the chip Chief is holding in the "Halo 5" teaser (AKA [this](http://pxlbyte.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/halo-5-1000x561.png)).

**2:**A flat-bill hat with an orange or black Mk. VI visor on the front decal area.

**3:**A keychain Monitor with light up center.

**4:**(I know its really far fetched and actually has been produced but) A lifesize Mongoose.

**5:**Nerf Battle Rifle and SMG or Nerf Energy Sword. 




 Agreed. I had never heard of this till now. 




 Is it the first mission or the city? Some people get these confused very easy. The first mission is Dare's crash site. The first "mission" is walking around in the city. If all else fails however, you might have to delete the save. 




 I will be getting on later today and I have a few friends and we would be more than willing to help. 




 When you finish, please message me. I run /r/ODST and I'd be more than happy to add this on there. 




 eBay or etsy 




 Better than anything I could do. Visor center is a bit too far to left but everything else looks fine 




 Which op was it that Lucy and (I can't remember names to save my life) were the only two alive and her last words before PTVD set in where "How do you know we're not dead? Like this is an honest question 









 Is it just a random give? Whoever happens to be chosen? 




 Mid-west= NOT FUCKING MANY 




 I can imagine the Truman would dry up or be supremely radiated but the woods around would be ingenious to hide it. I agree on the small town raiding but theres not too many small towns I think you could hit and run. I know a few 1000 pop. towns nearby but still. 




 Vault 42. Everyone would fight over glow sticks lol 




 Yeah! I thought about it for my state as well cause I live near (within 100 miles) of Whiteman AFB which would be a major target considering thats where ALL the Stealth Bombers come out of. But yeah, the enemy wouldn't just attack the populace cause if they forget the military, we can counter. They don't want that. So they wipe out the populace AND the military and they have it pocketed. 




 I live in Missouri(middle of the US) so I would probably haul ass to either Columbia, a college town no doubt infested with either chem fiends or survivalists, or to St. Louis for survival. I should go to say, St. Louis would probably be a target considering it is a symbol of American progress and freedom. 




 With Texas having a good amount of military bases in it, It would be the target of at least 1-3 nukes. Mostly in populace centers like Houston, Austin, and San Antonio. I don't think it would have been ungodly damaged but there would be quite a dent in the main places. 




 Y'know, it's little things like this that I hate for making me feel stupid. I guess I never noticed the zip. In all my damn days, how I didn't notice that I will never know. Thank you! Now I can start running FNV on my laptop again.
 




 When I download it, its always in the wrong file format. I'll try again with it. And I'll check that. 




 I HATE NVSE. Everytime I download or try using it, it never works right and its just. Arg.and I run 4 GB of RAM (3.61 Usable) 




 Oh I'm sorry. I didn't realize we were having a pissing contest. 




 Okay, so I have had New Vegas on my laptop for quite sometime but never played more than 15 minutes because it is just so ungodly slow. So, being the Fallout geniuses you are, maybe a few of you could help! General stuff about my computer: Windows 7, Dell, I also have Skyrim, Fo1, Fo2, FoBOS, Amnesia, Arma 2 OA and a few other minor games. Running no mods on the game yet.
 Any help would be wonderful! 

UPDATE: Thanks to /u/croock3 suggestion of windowed, I can run as smooth as Xbox.
Also, wouldn't run right because of wrongly installed mods. 




 Marksman Carbine and All American are perfect duo's. 




 Thanks! lol so far it has been. My cake day isn't for another ~7 months but birthday still counts! 




 Was it possibly in /r/fo3 or was it for sure here? I will start going back as far as I can!
 









 I would love to do this! I have a clip of a double kill with spartan laser on my file share!
 




 I get more than agitated when all that litters the floors of the maps are BR's. Literally, the only thing everyone is using. I've had a few deaths I wanted to go back to check just because every shot some people had seemed to always be headshots. Watching a few, you'd swear there were aimbots(I know theres not. 1/15 shots would miss.) Either way, I can't wait till next week when it's not as big a deal that BR is everything cause next week is SWAT which I am okay with. 




 Yeah, but having parental permission isn't!:D 




 I knocked my two long Vidmasters out of the way (Endure and Annual) and both took me 90-120 minutes which was more time then I want to admit I've spent on any video game. 




 [Mentats + Boxes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqbGLKUY7J4)
[Vault 13 Flask](http://www.etsy.com/listing/100397387/vault-13-fallout-flask-4oz?ref=sr_gallery_26 ga_search_query=Fallout ga_view_type=gallery ga_ship_to=US ga_search_type=all)
[Dart Gun](http://special-effects.wonderhowto.com/how-to/make-realistic-fallout-3-dart-gun-prop-384911/) 




 So, me being the gigantic nerd that I am, would some of you kindly post links to how to's or buying spots for any and all props be it Nuka-Cola caps to Plasma Rifles to Super Mutant masks. I will post a few in the comments to show what I mean:) Thanks to all who help! 




 Well, I formally apologize now. I have honestly never seen nor experienced this but I had heard it before and was also told that it was a glitch. Sorry! 




 Alright, scoured some forums. Not a mod, not a reward, just a plain ol' glitch.
[Sauce](https://forums.halowaypoint.com//yaf_postsm833620_posts.aspx) 




 I have never heard of this. Now I have something to look into. I'm assuming still that it has to do with bungie day or something of those reaches. 




 Don't listen to him. What /u/PseudoArab said is correct because I even have one. There was an ODST one, Halo 3, CE, and Marathon(?). You got them for, as he said, linking with Bungie. Each required something. Quite a few people still have them. 




 UNSC. Most, If not all of the UNSC's ships were suited for battle. Now I can't talk for Star Fleet so I will let a trekker take that one for me. 




 That just has creepy written all over it. Noping out of that one. 




 If you could give me samples for my sub /r/ODST that would be wonderful and I would get back to you as soon as possible. 




 This was before the Arbiter had turned on the Prophets. Also, before he was even the Arbiter. Most of the Covenant that were left on Reach by the time of Six's death were just there to glass and finish it off. While Six did go out with a bang, it's highly improbable he is still alive. 




 Troop4921 its in the description. 




 Says you don't exist. 




 Thanks. I'll boost DLC doubles cause that requires the least players. 




 I think in about 15 minutes I'm jumping back on and working on DLC 




 I vaguely remember the MC+Cortana mission. 




 This is the only training exercise I honestly remember. I mean there was the one where Kelly killed her trainer from the Reach LE packet but this was always a favorite. It goes to show that he does have a heart and wouldn't let bad befall any of his troops. 
























 I've been meaning to post a "Why I don't think Fallout 4 will be released anytime soon" thing and this is kinda why. I would definitely love to see, at the very least, Fallout 1 bought by Bethesda and remodeled to be that open world adventure we've been waiting on. There would have to be alot added to the game but there could be a button to switch to top-down RTS view. 




 I am going an (in my own headcanon) Independent-NCR roleplay and I had the BoS upgrade him. I have energy weapons and a tendency to purposely drop into areas like Crashed Vertibird and destroy everything. Still need to do The Fort. 




 One mod: Unlimited Followers. 
I don't think the people that would follow you, no matter what game, would really stop following just cause theres one other person. They'd see them and think "Wow, he already has a good following. Maybe his cause truly is just." and BAM! another groupie on the road. *except ED-E and Rex/Dogmeat* 




 I actually am a "prohibitionist" on my current playthrough so I pretty well avoid bars and I won't pick up any of them. 




 Link to mod please? I would love to try it. 









 I was just thinking, cause I have seen so many titles, quotes, ingame jokes, that I thought we should have a collection post of all the flairs on the subreddit.

I will start with mine, being "There is always another enemy" which I found on the Midwest BoS wiki page and I really liked it cause it's true in the Lone Wanderer's case and The Courier's case. They both can help one side but there's gonna be someone that hates them a whole heck of a lot because of their choices, thus, creating another enemy.

So, post your flairs and why you chose them! GO! 




 SPOILER ALERT: The Detterent PC Mod

There was a Paldain in Storm City talking about how his whole squad got wiped out by one "really fucking big mutant" and I swear to god I sprinted to that area in hopes of a behemoth somehow and I was so disappointed when I shot down the Super Mutant leader he was talking about. So sad but I agree, Behemoths where the shit. 




 Okay, yeah alot of the mods I've seen deleted were copyright infringements.
 




 Did /u/obsidian_butterfly 's solution solve it? I kinda figure it was something to do with Project Brazil as well. Speaking of which, how is it? I just downloaded it and I'm probably starting soon. 









 When I'm on Xbox, *phft* It's no problem to sneak up and uppercut the Legendary with Greased Lightning. However, I had 100 sneak by level 20. It's still fun to kill them no matter how you do it though so I guess it's all one sport. 




 Um, hate to correct but it's Primm... *cough* anyways, yeah I went to the Strip for my dad's wedding and it was honestly one of the greatest experiences just because I felt like if I was able to walk around in armor, I'd be in the game. 




 I only trust Nexus. I had a firewall block on Moddb so I don't suggest much outside of the Nexus. What sucks however is they limit ALOT of stuff. There was, for a time, an ODST armor I was going to download but I had to go out of town for a week. Came back and it was deleted. They watch close too. 




 The Sink. 




 High PER of Leg. Deathclaw  Stealth Boys
A lot of the time Stealth Boys are made obsolete because of the fact that most Deathclaws have at least a 6 PER 




 I just absolutely hate the creepiness of Dead Money but I think I'm going to do it in that order. Even /u/Brigand01 suggested it so might as well try it that way:) Thanks guys!
 




 Yeah, but with the runthrough I am on right now, I don't sneak well:(
Plus, Killing deathclaws, especially Alpha's, Mothers, and the Legendary, just gives me this little bit of pride. 




 So I am getting near the end of my first PC run and trying to decide How I wana do the DLC this time. I believe the first time I did it on Xbox I went in the order of Honest Hearts, Lonesome Road, Old World Blues, and then Dead Money.

Either way, I'm not too excited for Dead Money. I'm thinking about switching to Lonesome Road, Old World Blues, Honest Hearts, and then Dead Money. I really enjoy alot of the stuff you get from HH but there alot of cool shit in LR too. 




 Bleed Me Dry I believe is the mission that requires you to gather eggs for Red Lucy. Deathclaws among them. 




 At Quarry Junction, whatever you get off the deathclaws(Hands and Eggs) can be sold for a fair price with an 50 barter. There is a little cave deep in with an LMG, I believe two clips, a mini nuke, and a few deathclaw eggs.(I have never found the Fat Man but I will be going back shortly to look for that.)

At the Deathclaw Promontory(Go to Blue Paradise Vacation Rentals, across the river, kill the few lakelurks, go North untill you see the red markers then go uphill and take them out) there is also a few more hands and eggs which make a fair profit, but more importantly, there is a suit of Remnants Power armor(w/o helmet), a full T-51b armor, a Multiplas plasma rifle, and a Tri-Beam Laser Rifle.

Honestly, this is probably cause I wasted charisma for 10 luck, I have little to no problem picking them off from a mid-range distance with my GRA Tri-Beam w/ all upgrades. I also only use Combat Armor Mk. 2 rather than the Power Armor. 




 Make a save now. Check the Fallout Wiki for all unique items you may or may not want. Save again after collecting all the items. Choose one path. Revert save. Choose the other. 




 Nevermind. I feel like the toaster in the Sink right about now.... I think it's cause I finally extracted the files. Pain in the ass. 




 Wow, just went to forum and read that NVSEVersion 2 is correct. Why don't my mods run properly though? New question! /u/Cyrus224
 




 lol Steam is the overly attached girlfriend. I went to control panel uninstall and it wasnt even an option. 




 Downloaded:
FNV
Arma(All of it + Day Z)

Installed:
FO1
FO2
FO Tactics 




 Wish me luck on what I'm about to do. I'm taking the games .exe folders out of Steam/steamapps/common and going to uninstall steam and run all the games without Steam. LETS HOPE FOR THE BEST. 




 I have the games I want downloaded but not downloaded, I have Skyrim, Amnesia, and I believe one other. Downloaded however, I have New Vegas, Arma 2, Arma 2 OA, and Day Z mod. The rest of my games are solo games or indies. 




 Wait, by entire steam folder do you mean (for me) C:/Program Files(x86)/Steam or C:/Program Files(x86)/Steam/steam ? And I wonder, could I just delete steam and it just run as if I downloaded it from a CD?
Also, I only have my C: drive. D: drive is for CD's and removables. 




 AND A SPECIAL FUCK YOU TO DEAD MONEY. Jeez I hate that DLC with an almighty fury. 




 I find that Fallout's DLC endings make me the happiest but with vanilla, by far the Yes Man(even though I absolutely hate his personality) and NCR have my two favorite and most justifiable endings. I am on my PC run and have just got to the point where I really have to choose my side and I was going to choose House but I forgot he makes you eradicate the Brotherhood. LOL nope. NCR it is. Already Idolized by them as is lol 




 Might as well give it a try. Throw me the instructions I guess. 




 I've run it several times without NVSE cause I just recently downloaded mods that need it. I will add the src in there and run as admin. I have Windows 7 and if worse comes to worst, I will try install steam elsewhere.
EDIT: Added src and I'm still getting NVSEVersion: 2 when I type ~getNVSEVersion. Also ran as administrator and got NVSEVersion 2 




 Hope [this](http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/Fallout:_New_Vegas_console_commands) helps. 




 The only unhealthy ingredient I see is water. 




 Love the barcode;D 




 Okay so this video is pretty much a recording of me as I download and (attempt to) install NVSE. If you know what I am doing wrong, PLEASE tell me.
EDIT: I accidentally open up Fallout 1 at about 2 min.
**EDIT**: IT HAS BEEN FIXED GUYS THANKS TO /u/Cyrus224 









 I believe, this may have already been said, Vault 11 eventually stopped sacrificing people and were allowed to come and go as they pleased. [Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Fallout/comments/1f86h3/all_vaults_that_succeeded_or_survived_spoilers/) are a few of the vaults that may have succeeded.
 




 Its funny cause Leg. Bloatfly has the most health but he is down in a few hits. Leg. Deathclaw you just have to avoid his hits. Nightstalker is just one swift sneak attack and he is done. The Cazador is the only big pain. 




 Where was Point Lookout set at? I always thought it was in the south-east. 




 *I see what you did there*. Well, I'd probably start as like a small town/Freeside walk around and give them a tour of the place but eventually be like an Old Ben escort. "Give them the real boyfriend experience." 




 OH MY GOD IM NOT THE ONLY ONE WITH THIS APP 




 In the words of 343 (who I know has nothing to do with Fallout), Gameplay trumps lore. Maybe your character is born with a resistance to small amounts of radiation. Maybe on FO4 they'll make a DLC where you go to NYC and the first thing your given is a super rad-suit. Interesting twist. 




 A chem dealer. Definitely. Easy money for easy people. Either that or an escort. 









 But I don't like YesMan:( He is so annoying
 




 That honestly how my character is. If she is over-tempted by want of something, she will get devious to get it. The NCR is slowly accepting me again. But those mercs deserved what was coming to them.

And I guess it's just cause I find Boone to be such a bad ass. He is honestly my #2 favorite companion of all the ones I have which is only topped by Mr. Peepers, my deathclaw. 




 Same difference *sarcasm* 




 Yeah, Fallout 3 made me hate Feral Ghouls and Super Mutants. There was something I did super early on in NV because I had just so much pent up rage about FO3 and I really wish I could remember what it was but I didn't realize the severity of my action lol.

Anyway, I don't know. I can't double cross the NCR with Boone in my party cause he will get his panties in a bunch and out of all my followers , he is scarier than the deathclaw. 




 So I just started up my first PC playthrough after 100%ing the gameplay on Xbox. This run so far is an energy weapons one. I'm only level 20 and not too far into the main questline but I'm at the point that I need to choose which line I want to go. 
I have House, who I have always liked considering the fact that he shielded his city and it's people. 
Then there is also the NCR, who for a while considered me to be one of their soldiers until I killed the merc group bugging Jacobstown.
I really can't decide and would love some feedback if anyone has any! 




 Broken link 




 lol woops. I suck at formatting stuff lol. yeah i guess imho the Midwest were probably my second favorite, first being the heart and core at the Citadel. One group I miss is the Outcast's. Their armor made me happy. Just the color and design. 




 haha. War never changes. 




 Yeah! A few plays were written, some knives stabbed into some guy, and of course, gyros were made! 




 I enjoy third for the occasional picture, and as a few others have said, when walking. First is really left for detail searching and aiming. 




 I for one am a jealous twat. 
























 Hey guys! I had said I was going to do one of these but I have yet to even touch my xbox sice school started but this weekend I an free so tonight (Saturday) at 6:30 I will play ODST woth anyone who wants to!

PPE:Sorry for any pelling errors! Quickly tuped on my phone:)

**EDIT**: Okay now that I am on my laptop, Tonight at 6:30 PM Central Time, I (GT: Troop4921) will be hosting an ODST game night! It will mostly include Firefight but there will probably be a little bit of campaign for those in need of achievements! See you all on the battlefield! 




 Spartans never die. They just go missing in action.
Remember the fallen.  




 It looks like the monsters from Scooby Doo Movie! Or [this](http://www.zetaminor.com/images/dvd_review_images/scooby_doo/scooby_monster.jpg) for those who don't have kids or siblings 




 I turned off AWOP cause I had more problems running it solo then I do PN so I think there is a misfunction between the two but I can't place it.
 




 I like looking for 100% lists before completing the DLC's I can't return to. I would say all of Dean's Stashes, All unique suits/weapons, One of each aid item, and maybe all dialogue trees exhausted?
 




 What's the material? 




 YCS/186 Unique Gauss Rifle 




 I guess but I use her and everytime I go to check for inventory, I close to shit myself. Scary voicing lemme tell you. 




 Match ammo, yes. 




 I started my playthrough with energy weapons and by the time I was level 50 I only used the Anti-Material:/ but I still use YCS a bit
 




 And what is awesome is Rushing Water isn't addictive at all so when I knock them back one after another, it doesn't kill me!:D 




 I set the requirements high so it would be harder to get. Is 6 the normal level? Cause if so then I should change it to around 8. I thought of it in the point of, your so good at it, Casino's almost make a show out of you coming and everyone wants to play against you so Casino's net a lot when you come around. IDK just an idea?
 




 Rushing Water. Gets rid of that useless Jet and turns my tasteless water into a sweet shot! Love knocking back one then killing Yao Guais with my bare hands!:D 




 Perk: Luck of the Draw

Description: You sure do know how to hold 'em and fold 'em and for that skill, Casinos never kick you out! You make two times the normal amount of money and have a higher chance of getting a perfect hand in Blackjack!

Req.: Luck 6, Barter 50, Speech 50 




 [Can't Help Falling In Love by Elvis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5V430M59Yn8) 




 Don't feel bad. A LOT of people don't know about this right off the bat and sometimes just dawn upon it with 50-300+ hours in game. I figured out towards the end of FO3 on my xbox then kinda just guessed when I got New Vegas on PC. 




 Marcus and Neil both:(  I really liked Fawkes in FO3 and would have loved for a legitimate Mutant follower. 









 Project Nevada! So much fun! Add's alot of the cool fun weapons from FO3 back in game!:) 




 There is a console command that you can use. Just click the item in the ~ screen and type in ~setownership 1 . The item selected becomes yours!:D 




 Just a good ol' laser rifle for FO3 but with FNV it would be AER14 or Tri-Beam 




 You new here? And yes, like u/Refleq said, It is the sheriff and his wife and they were killed by the criminals that took Primm over. 




 *count as bullshit until confirmed* hahaha 









 Zion Academy for the Physically Talented. 




 I liked the bobbleheads. There was just so many of them and, imho, they were harder to find. 




 I just moved so my xbox isn't plugged in but I totally would 




 So, when did you graduate from Killjoke University?
 




 If your stuck there for more than, say 10 seconds, delete the DLC and reinstall. Otherwise its ~enableplayercontrols 




 [This one.](http://newvegas.nexusmods.com/mods/37388/?) 




 Obviously ODST but more specifically we do alot of the firefight, helping people get the achievements for them. Occasionally we will do Reach firefight in all ODST armor. 




 I, sadly, just moved and haven't had the money to get Champions Bundle for ODST armor yet but the images look pretty sick:) 




 Thanks but I mean the community:) lol every bit helps! 




 I'm not too sure as to how my followers came with me but at the start I was entirely OP'd with Arcade, Raul, Veronica, Boone,   Follows-Chalk +ED-E, Rex, and Mr. Peepers the Deathclaw. I sent everyone but Boone and ED-E home cause ED-E is my pack mule and Boone is just my back up.

He was using the Gobi Scout Rifle which, combined with JSP rounds, destroys low-life enemys. 




 THANK YOU!! Especially the hud command and the fov's. This will be interesting considering I am also taking a photography class. 




 Let's all give a loud and proud ODST hoo-rah to out very own /u/Afterbang for being promoted to the status of moderator on /r/Halo!

Okay, so I have several notes of business to address. First off, we are very close to breaking our 200 member mark which, for me, is VERY exciting.

Second off, we need more content **PLEASE**! If you have anything ODST related to say, post, or reference, please do! Soundtrack songs, fan arts, poems and short stories, fan fics! Post it all! There is very little we will take down!

Third, Now that school has started for me, I check less often(still close to daily) but I will be trying to arrange at least 1 game night a month! Stay posted for more following once I get settled with everything.

Hopefully you all enjoy our subreddit and keep her strong!
~Mickey, Over and Out
 




 Don't forget he is also the moderator of /r/odst ! Congrats /u/Afterbang !:) Long awaited promotion!  









 AER 14 Prototype and Tri-Beam Rifle. YCS and the Remnants Power Armor 




 "The Lord of the Kings"-About the Kings rise to influence in Freeside and how one leader rose to power. 




 Pause the game Setting  Controls  IDK how to remap I don't mess with that but I'm assuming you click and hold the button you want. 




 Woah I didn't even know there was one for a spear. Shit. I was using the Unlimited Follower mod so I had to lock EVERYONE outside just so I could go in. Killed off all his guards with Recompense of the Fallen, then pulled the knife and went to work. 




 Really? I thought you missed a few if you did that. Hmmm. Okay. 




 The Saints 




 I like the idea of the Tech Raiders added by (I'm assuming) AWOP[A World of Pain mod). They're essentially BoS without nearly as much order and alot more violence. 




 I know for sure Honest Hearts does and as long as you don't go for "Chaos In Zion" you get plenty of rewards. 




 Im doing a small guns/unarmed run currently and it is just so fun. I am with NCR and I raided Cottonwood Cove to get Recompense for the Fallen which, combined with the copious amounts of Rushing Water I have made available, can kill Yao Guai's, Cazadore's, Nightstalker's, and (baby) Deathclaw's with no problem. I would put more points in your Strength and Endurance and maybe the implant for Luck and Agility. I would suggest PN(Project Nevada) cause it gives you an opportunity to get another implant called Razor Nails that raises Crit. Hit and Base Damage of Unarmed. 









 Perk.  




 For a town, RTS. Defense gives you a town no bigger than Forlorn Hope. RTS has no *known* limits 




 I finished building my whole base in like 3 hours and fended off an ungodly amount of raids too quickly. It is really boring once you finish it:( 









 I just realized how deep in thought it is too. Like, "Did I leave the oven on?", "Did I pay my dealer?", "Did I put on my thong?" 









 Kinda like /u/SuperSwammi 's Vault .5
Vault 44 Columbia, MO
The only people allowed in are people with minor psychological disorders (ie. Bipolar, OCD, Depression, Schizophrenia, etc.). All "subject"s are given 4x the normal dose of their medicine through food and water. After 10 years, they are entirely dropped off the medicines and have to live another 10 years without medicine. After the 20 allotted years, the door will open.
Each room is set to bug each persons psychological disorder. So for someone with OCD, everything is offset the smallest noticeable difference but can't be moved. Schizophrenic's will have a small speaker that constantly plays a barely audible conversation. So on and so forth.
There will be 1 9mm pistol in each room with enough rounds for every person in the rooms.
**PLOT TWIST**: Similar to 101, there is an omniscient Overseer. He has no disorders, and is locked in the Overseer's office until the door opens. He cannot communicate with the people, however, he knows about their drug intake. 




 And thank you to Creator Afterbang:) 




 I very much liked The Deterrent, though a bit of the voice acting was rough. I finished the first half of Bounties and [spoiler](/ugh, don't want to relive that ending. Randall was so cool :L). As of now, I am dungeoning A World Of Pain and it adds some pretty hard dungeons that made the game fun for me again. 
























