 Had a coughing fit while bending over my bathroom sink, the angle I was standing at made my back seize up and I ended up damaging the sciatic nerve that runs down my leg and into my foot which meant my left foot was numb for about 3 months. 




 The day after your period ends...FREEDOM!! 




 Mr. Burns: Smithers, are they boo-ing me? 
Smithers: Uh...no. They're saying boo-URNS, boo-URNS  




 Carpet Bag Steak 




 8 years ago I applied for a retail job selling handbags, the store manager told me that there was a promising second in charge role opening in the next few months and because of my experience he had worked hard to negotiate with HR so that I could be paid an additional 10 cents per hour...the pay would have come to $10.20 per hour. I appreciate his efforts but it made the company sound a bit too thrifty. 




 Thanks for the advice!! :) 




 Does anyone have any home remedies that actually work to cure a stubborn cold? 




 Lonely Hearts Club 




 Room for one more?? :( 




 You interpreted the question just fine. Your comment still stands. 




 Receivers - what were you really thinking when you got them? 




 Awesome!! Congrats :) 




 No beating around the bush - I like it! 









 Good work! 




 Congrats to you both! 









 Taylor Hanson. Yes. 




 When I was 23 I was diagnosed with severe Aplastic Anemia (rapid depletion of red and white blood cells as well as platelets) the same thing Marie Curie died of. I was given a pamphlet after my diagnosis that stated 80% of people diagnosed who do not receive treatment die within a year.  




 Unconditional love and support from true friends...and BACON 




 My mother stood up for my eldest bro when he didn't want to do a blood test to see if he was a bonemarrow match when I was severely ill and needing a bonemarrow transplant...her reasoning - he doesn't want to take time off work.  




 Attractive guys crying and watching Transformers...that Optimus Prime... 




 care to elaborate? 




 Not weird at all! I can completely relate. 




 Crime and Guilt - Ferdinand von Schirach... :S 




 A know it all with no integrity and a sense of entitlement 




 Alarm clock 




 sorry!! 




 Mine had a great laugh. 









 Making sure my vag doesn't appear to be munching on my pants in a hungry fashion aka cameltoe 




 My ex used to do the same thing except he would ask me to wash and dry his outfit for him!! 




 Up until the beginning of this year I had been friends with this person for 11 years since our uni days. In hindsight, it was a toxic friendship - I had to constantly walk on eggshells for fear of pissing him off, he constantly had tantrums, was very calculative and he only helped others if it benefited him. Everyone was scared to stand up to him because we didn't want to rock the boat. 

After coming home from a road trip with a group of friends to celebrate my birthday I spoke to a mutual friend about how hurt I was that this friend constantly sulked, got angry and even gave me the silent treatment for a couple of hours. This "friend" had told me on my birthday that when friends piss him off, he likes to make them feel like shit. That was the last straw for me, that's not what friendship is about. 
This mutual friend told this guy what I had said and obviously this "friend" of mine was royally pissed and started ignoring me while trying to gather a merry band of idiots to turn against me as well. He managed to turn another friend I had known for 11 years against me but was unsuccessful with the others. (We're all in our late to early 30s)

We never patched things up, I was very upset about it all for months but then I started realising that I was finally free of this toxic influence in my life and I could now enjoy the friendships I choose to nurture. It's not about how long you've known the person, it's about the kind of influence they have that matters for example, whether they're positive and supportive people. It's still very awkward when our original group gets together but it's OK, I'm spending most of my time now with wonderful amazing friends. 




 It's the simple things in life for me, I'm trying to appreciate what I have and concentrate my energy on the things I enjoy the most in order to find my own inner happiness and contentment. My biggest problem I'm trying to work on is to continue to work towards issues within my circle of influence rather than factors that I have no control over (circle of concern). 




 I'm from New Zealand - my impressions of the following states:

Texas - Steak all day everyday
Florida - Key Lime Pie
Louisiana - Creole shrimp, okra and collard greens
Maine - Clam Chowder
NYC - Street vendor hot dogs
Hawaii- Spam
Illinois - Deep dish Pizza

 




 People who don't know how to queue and try to cut the line or stand beside you instead of behind you. 




 Not seeking professional help when I first needed it, instead I've wasted years going through periods of depression and self-loathing - not realising that I was the reason for my own unhappiness.  




 Bacon. 




 Good luck!! :) 




 A Beef Wellington would impress me! 




 You ABSOLUTELY need to give it a shot before you move away! Good Luck! 









 Were you guys able to recover from it? 




 Did they work? 









 If only I could figure out how to clone you....I'd make a fortune :) 




 Yikes! You're ridiculously hot and in my humble honest opinion - heads and shoulders above the rest of the boys on here ;P Keep on keeping on :)  




 Sherlock - Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman are awesome! A 2 year gap between seasons is far too long though.
 
























 A rough looking homeless guy approached me at the bus stop in the city, I figured he would ask for spare change or a ciggie - he instead asks me "what's a lovely girl like you doing in a dump like this". Sweet man made my day. 




 Tampons and sanitary pads 









 I had a PICC line inserted when I was 23 (severe aplastic anemia) right in the bend of my elbow. It was definitely a strange experience that coldness. Hope you're all good now! 




 Done. You're welcome. 




 Thanks everyone! Hope you had an awesome Xmas! 




 Cockle Bay is closed for picking until April 2015 




 Welfare benefit bludgers: http://www.whaleoil.co.nz/2014/12/pimping-poor-bludger-family-attacks-salvation-army/ 




 Here in NZ - I don't really get why parents let their little kids walk around the mall etc. with no shoes on.  




 Bill Murray 




 The movie Shaun of the Dead - watched it on our first date 




 Slumdog Millionaire 




 Check out this Greek restaurant - so good we ended up going twice during our road trip - http://www.costastaverna.co.nz/ 




 haha nice!
 




 I can be quick-tempered and tactless 




 I don't visit my immediate family because they're cold and miserable people who don't care about anyone else but themselves. I wish I knew what it was like to grow up in a loving home.  




 Shaun of the Dead - great date movie that one! 




 I was on a school camping trip and we had gone snorkeling one afternoon, our guide for the day can't have been more than 5 years older and was smoking hot. I wasn't a huge fan of breathing out of my snorkel so I was slightly panicking. When I saw from my underwater view that everyone was perched on a rock resting I was stoked. I was even more stoked to see that among all the perchers was the smoking hot guide in a wet suit that hugged all the right places. I "accidentally on purpose" grabbed his junk as he helped me climb up onto the rock. I was 12. 









 I've been losing confidence in myself lately which makes me worried about doing a shit job, so I was hoping for advice on how to be a better leader. Thank you all for your suggestions! 




 You had me at "meat" 🍗 









 thanks! 




 should the results be up for everyone now? 




 Distractions, time and zero contact 




 Aye? Her automatic payment had already processed, she went ahead and made another payment through online banking because she didn't read her invoice that stated she didn't have to do anything further - we're happy to refund the second payment back but I don't see how that's our "system's fault" that she didn't read the information on her invoice. People have a responsibility as a consumer to read the information they are given for a product/service they subscribe to. 




 I'm trying to see if my mate's bro is full of shit :) 




 Wow! That's pretty cool! Always wanted to try doing a past life regression session myself. 




 The kindness of strangers.  




 Smeared her own shit all over the toilet walls 




 Going to the Auckland Art Gallery to check out the light show 




 My immediate family. 




 Tokyo Gore Police https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nAAcYTCibY 
The film's only highlights were - alligator snatch and machine gun pen15 




 Raiden (arcade) 




 Best acting performance I've seen this year - Jake Gyllenhaal in Nightcrawler.

Of all time - Christian Bale in the Machinist 




 Avengers: Age of Ultron. 

Also, excited/scared about moving to Melbourne and "starting over". 




 just ridiculous isn't it?! 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9eAzb-Yuzw 




 That's just one that bugged me, I didn't have time to add any of my other stories. There was a time someone wasn't happy with our policies (her bill was very much overdue) she was yelling and swearing for approximately 19 mins straight and after telling her my surname (she asked) she completely lost her shit...."what kind of surname is that?" blah blah blah and questioning whether I was "even a New Zealander" - that stung a little bit.  




 I organised it for her, no worries there - just would have been nice to take ownership of her own error. 




 A customer had accidentally paid her bill twice, she lets me know that she wasn't aware she had an automatic payment set up and stated that she was a busy teacher ("grappling with reports etc.") so she picked up the invoice and paid it without thinking. She suggested the "system" should be clearer to remind her about the automatic payment. The bill clearly states she has an automatic payment in place and that she does not need to worry about making a payment....no wonder she's grappling with those reports... 




 woot!  




 hahaha exactly!  




 I heard you bleed heavily for 4-6 weeks after giving birth..is this true?? 




 Hmm ok it's similar to when you're busting to go to the bathroom for aaagessss and that feeling when you finally go and you kind of shudder from the relief...kinda like that :) 




 Lunchtime. 




 Want You Bad - The Offspring 




 Bacon 
























 Hate 




 Meatspin 




 I have a tramp stamp too...an unintentional asymmetric butterfly. I was 16 at the time. Sadly, it's going to get pretty expensive to cover up  




 What were you attempting to cover up? 




 Ahh Ned the piemaker, hot as hell that Lee Pace 




 Medium 




 Great advice!!! Thanks 😃 




 Pics of tattoos gone wrong are also welcome here! 




 My maternal great-grandmother had "Lotus Feet" - her feet were bound from when she was a little girl. Apparently she could scrub floors and run pretty surprisingly fast in those tiny shoes. A pair of her shoes is currently part of an exhibition in a London museum. 




 I've definitely put pressure on myself because I haven't accomplished what I "should have" by now - glad to hear things can get better! Thanks for sharing :) 









 In the scene where Thranduil says goodbye to Legolas by gesturing to his heart and then to Legolas who reaches out - was that a typical elvish gesture? 




 Naps and checking for chin whiskers. 




 Lenny? 




 So many BS self-proclaimed feminists have tarnished the term for me personally. I recently met one who loves to "fight the good fight" but actually has no idea what she's fighting for/about - she just makes a whole lot of noise for attention and is a hater when other chicks aren't "feminist" enough. Her displays of judgement and hating on other women are sad, ironic and hypocritical.  




 haha absolutely! Feel free to share more military bus stories! 




 I hope there was an applause!!  




 Lol I'll let you know if it works! 




 Adipocere 




 I read 2. "My straw is yellow" in Ralph Wiggum's voice. 




 Haha great idea, I'm a girl - would this work for a guy? 




 or Boston Pancake.. 




 I completely agree with you - I miss those good ol' days of being so comfortable with someone that you could do/ask weird stuff :) 




 Great advice here - unfortunately, I learnt this the hard way due to a lot of denial on my part. 




 Regrets. 




 To be honest, if a guy I was into had pics of naked women as their wallpaper - I'd be nervous and intimidated because I wouldn't be able to live up to those ideals. 

In saying that, I appreciate looking at an aesthetically pleasing male body so I wouldn't want to be a hypocrite. 




 this is strangely appealing to me.. 




 Witty sense of humour, humility and a great smile work wonders for me! 




 We were together for 2 years and lived together for a year. I came home one day to find some of his stuff gone with a note on the table stating this was the hardest thing he's ever had to do but he has to leave and he'll call the landlord to tell her we're moving out. 

To date, my heart has not sunk as dramatically as it did that day.  




 Play Simpsons Tapped Out 




 Jasmine Tridevil's three breasts - http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2766603/Meet-massage-therapist-self-proclaimed-hoaxer-claims-surgically-implanted-breast.html 




 Penny Dreadful 




 Living in your own place filled with stuff you bought yourself. 




 haha more more more! 




 HM 




 :S I'd feel embarrassed for her and everyone involved too! 




 “The less you respond to rude, critical, argumentative people...the more peaceful your life will become.”
― Mandy Hale 




 I overheard two girls having a bitchy conversation and wondered whether anyone has any good stories about conversations they've overheard. 




 Sounds cold but at the same time I really want to say well played!!!! 




 My parents transferred me to a new high school when I was 14 and I absolutely hated it. I decided not to go for about a week and a half and just stayed in my room and locked the door. My parents were at work but my bro was still home and he would bang on the door and i'd hide in the closet just in case he came in. 

I had to think of elaborate ways to appear like I had gone to school so one day I decided to throw my backpack out of the window and I climbed out of my second storey bedroom window and was holding onto the window sill trying to decide whether I'd jump onto the bush below or just try to slide my way down somehow. 
Ended up realising how stupid I was being and climbed back in. 




 I've had lots of experiences that have made me question whether I'm experiencing terrible nightmares or if there really is something happening. I've seen things coming out of the walls, faceless shadow people standing at the foot of my bed staring at me and every single time I can see my room in absolute detail.  




 Lack of confidence 




 It's cute - post a pic of your cat! 




 Josh. I wish I could go back in time and stop myself from screwing things up, I could have had a chance at happiness.  




 Consequences. Spent too much time being two-faced and a backstabber, what goes around - comes around.  




 Making judgments/assumptions 




 Mine are a decent size I guess so I understand that people may stare - regardless of whether I'm showing cleavage or trying to smuggle grapefruits. Don't care and not bothered, I'm proud of them! 




 Finally completing the Bachelor degree I had been stopping and starting for the past 11 years.  
























 1) There are girls who want the attention but get snappy when they're not drawing attention from specific people they are seeking attention from. 

2) There are girls who make the effort to look nice for themselves - a little boost to their self-esteem and not necessarily attention from others although that also helps to boost their confidence. 

3) There are girls who try to one up each other - female competition. 




 Thank you. 
I find it really hard to get up in the morning, I find myself getting anxious the night before counting the hours of sleep I'll get. I can sleep 12 hours solid and still want more sleep. Ironically, I stay up late because I don't want to sleep. 
Hope things work out for you too! 




 Update - back to work today. Put on my mask this morning and went about my day acting "normal" with the odd occasion of staring out the window thinking. Thinking. That's always been my problem - trying to find ways to switch it off but my mind is always racing and whizzing from one topic to another and then back again. 

Today's motto has been "fake it til you make it" and hopefully this wave will pass soon if I keep myself distracted.  




 Thank you. 

I went through a period of having to take some pretty serious heavy duty meds for a serious illness (prednisone and cyclosporin) the side effects really messed me up which adds to my fear but you're right - there are a lot of different drugs out there so if something doesn't work, there's always other alternative combos. 

Hope your journey continues to be a safe and happy one! 




 The Skin I live In

The ABCs of Death

Boxing Helena

House of 1000 Corpses and the sequel The Devil's Rejects 




 Agreed! 




 wow lol good on you for sharing!! :) 




 I definitely get where you are coming from.  




 I appreciate you taking the time to post your reply - thank you for being honest. 




 I end up looking at them less out of fear they'll catch on 




 Do you enjoy remaining single or have you been trying to slay the dragons to find the prince/princess with no such luck? 




 I've posted in /r/whatsthatbook and /r/tomt but no luck so far, a redditor suggested I try this page so here goes!

I read this book back in the late 90s and I have never forgotten how crazy, graphic and messed up it was. It would have been in the same vein as books by Dean Koontz and Richard Laymon. 




 Thanks for the tip! 




 Thanks - will definitely give it a go! 




 Not the one but definitely need to put it on my to read list, thanks! If I do find out what it's called I'll let you know. I read this when I was younger so the details are a bit hazy but I remember reading it thinking ooh probably too young for this.
 




 Just did a quick wiki search and yeah same vein  




 I've posted in /r/whatsthatbook but no luck so far.
I read this book back in the late 90s and I have never forgotten how crazy, graphic and messed up it was. It would have been in the same vein as books by Dean Koontz and Richard Laymon. 




 Ned - Pushing Daisies

Ronan the Accuser - Guardians of the Galaxy

Thranduil - The Hobbit trilogy

http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1195855/ 









 You're welcome! 




 Alexander Skarsgard...such a beautiful man 




 Oohh i'll look for it tomo, has anyone seen him in Soldier's Girl or Possession? 




 I saw a scene on Youtube from one of his movies, he picks up this chick with such ease and kisses her against a post or wall while her legs are wrapped around him - was sooo damn  hot! 




 Even though I'm not quite ready to have children right now I would like to have the option in the near future so yes, it would be very hard. I definitely wouldn't want to try and change the guy's mind if he's already made the decision, that wouldn't be fair at all!  




 I read this book back in the late 90s and I have never forgotten how crazy, graphic and messed up it was. It would have been in the same vein as books by Dean Koontz and Richard Laymon. 




 Just be yourself and stop trying to please everyone. Love yourself. 




 Salad 




 Interaction with kids/animals - makes my childbearing loins quiver with excitement when I see guys display their caring, playful nature.

And when you try to mash down a semi :) 




 Did anyone cry in Legends of the Fall? 




 Such a wonderful yet heartbreaking movie 




 What are you getting? 




 Me too!! Here's mine - http://imgur.com/iB9d1Af 




 Did you watch the Dead Like Me movie?? 




 I hear that! 




 Sleep paralysis  




 Cartwheel landing in the splits 




 Pay it forward 




 Grats on being 9 months sober!! 




 I have a friend who went through the same thing - he rolled with it cos the guy had made him a lamb roast. 




 He's also Thranduil  




 Don Johnson  




 Waste of time 




 Haha that's so awesome!! 




 Attempted to have phone sex when I was 13 with a boy I had a huge crush on. Unfortunately, my dad had picked up the phone downstairs, heard our conversation and started yelling. 
We had a caller ID display so he raced upstairs and proceeded to call my crush back to yell some more. My crush's dad ended up jumping on the phone and our dads yelled at each other. 

A week later I was enrolled in a girl's only school. 




 Did your third cover up successfully hide the other two? 




 Sounds like you've got the gift, thanks for sharing! :) 




 Ouch! 





























 Watch About Time while sobbing into a cheese stuffed crust Meatlovers Pizza 




 What's your favourite meal? I feel like this crucial piece of info has been left out! 




 I'm definitely excited to get started on it, to not have to worry about acne anymore..I can only imagine what that's like. Thanks for taking the time to comment :) 




 Maple Syrup 




 My doctor is prescribing me isotretinoin for my skin and I've been told about the nasty side effects. I'm hoping there are some success stories out there to give me a bit of hope. 




 Express Yourself - Madonna or Like a Prayer 




 Sad Keanu 




 Meatspin 




 Into the gutter  sexy fantasies with hot male celebs  




 Taiwanese stinky tofu fermented  




 Buffy 




 The Wedding Singer 




 Last Kiss - Pearl Jam. Sad story executed so well 




 Cranium 




 Heroes 




 Signs 




 Se7en 









 My mind is in the gutter. I have a habit of bringing down a conversation with inappropriate comments. Sometimes I get a positive reaction but I'm sure most people just think i'm a weirdo.  




 Negativity - constantly complaining and whinging throughout the interview.  




 Like Bruce Lee one inch punched me in my ovaries? 




 Samurai Pizza Cats 




 Like this? http://iwonder-all-categories.3025048.n2.nabble.com/file/n3149927/long20nails.jpg  




 I'd strongly recommend that you go to a recruitment agency and have a good chat to them about what kind of roles you may be interested in. They may have a bit more insight as to what kind of roles your transferable skills could be beneficial for.  




 The Mummy Returns 









 29, my most important life lessons till now are a) be true to yourself and b) surround yourself with good friends who motivate and support you, don't waste your time being fake or having fake friends.  




 Joseph Gordon Levitt 




 Breakfast - Malaysia

Lunch - Japan

Dinner - US 




 A lobster perched on a giant eye-fillet steak (rare) wrapped in streaky bacon on a bed of prawns with a side of mushroom sauce and mac n cheese. 




 Seven 




 Sleepers - Lorenzo Carcaterra 




 Patricia Arquette as Alison Dubois in Medium...such a cool lady on the show but seems like such a let down in reality. 




 A desk fan. 




 Firefighters, police, paramedics, military, fast food workers etc. - thank you for your service to the community.  




 Falling asleep hugging a pillow 




 Being diagnosed with a life threatening illness while depressed.  




 That scene in the Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies when Thranduil dismounts off his big gay moose/elk and lands ready to kick some ass. Panty dropper. 




 I guess i'm just too shy when it comes to hitting on guys - I'd rather wait for them to hit on me but if they're shy too it's just a stalemate.  




 First year at uni -  stressed 18yo, my friends were smokers so I thought i'd give it a shot too. I thought I would be able to easily give up whenever I wanted, I was wrong. Turning 30 soon, I want to quit before I turn 30 but I'm still craving at least one a day.  




 What did you order? 




 Celebrities such as A/B/C/D list actors/actresses; sports stars; musicians etc. 




 Really wanna test this now now now but i'm at work :( 




 Scared of being rejected 




 Hey - don't stop doing what you're doing. 
I personally don't think we have a valid excuse to be rude to guys who approach us simply because we're "not in the mood" or we're already taken. If you genuinely just want to say hi and start a friendly conversation, there shouldn't be anything wrong with that!

If you're being sleazy/creepy and all up in our personal space too soon and getting touchy/feely - our body language will tell you we're uncomfortable then yeah, chances are you're going to end up getting rejected. Outside of these kind of scenarios - a rude bullshit snappy "not interested" is pretty stink. Turn right around and walk away - you just dodged a bullet. 
 




 Exactly! And then if the answer is no you can move on. What have you got to lose? Good luck and let us know how it went!!

In my opinion, when my texts start getting a bit sparse and short i'm actually just politely answering your texts but I'm also losing or feigning interest - I need to stop doing that and just be up front.  




 Why buy the cow if the milk is free? 




 Start up another convo with her!  
























 The smell of bacon cooking 




 I should probably add my two cents here too. 

Best: Provides a sturdy shelf for balancing my plate on while I'm eating. Some tops/dresses look better with some chesticle shapes. They feel pretty damn good.   

Worst: Lying on my back - they flatten out and leak to the sides, not ideal. In addition to sagging, I'm worried about getting cleavage wrinkles as I age.  









 Paul Walker, he seemed like a good dude 




 Patricia Cornwell 




 Legends of the Fall 




 Days spent with awesome friends. You know it's been a good day when your stomach hurts from laughing so hard. 




 How was the exhibition?? I would love to check it out one day! 




 I need inspiration :) 




 I like eating raw bacon 









 Letting go of toxic fake friends and deciding to get out of my comfort zone by moving to a new country  




 That doesn't involve a 5 finger discount. 




 Ixnay on the Hombre - The Offspring  




 Thanks for the tip - we'll add it to the list! 




 Heading to Queenstown with a couple of mates at the end of Feb. We LOVE food so we're open to any suggestions - any cuisine.

Breakfast/brunch/lunch/dinner/supper 




 At this point, any suggestion is a good suggestion! Thanks for taking the time :) 




  Ballad of Ballard and Sandrine

Not this one but will definitely put it on the list! 




 I bid for the drum sticks Justin Bieber used once during a high school visit when he came to NZ, my mate's little sister really wanted them for her 16th birthday. 

Bought it for $30, SUCH A WASTE OF MONEY!! 




 I suspect it may be related to the anger she has towards my father who left us when I was 7 years old. They had huge problems even before I was born and they thought having me would help their marriage. They thought wrong. 

As a teen I figured we didn't get along because I was a typical broody teen but as I got older and moved out I realised it went beyond that, she just really didn't like me. At 29, I'm really sad that we don't have a good relationship. I just don't know what to do.

The silver lining is, as I watch her get colder and more miserable I'm working on being warmer, happier and kinder to others.  




 Upvote for good call 




 My mother told me my eldest brother is her favourite child while I was her least favourite, I was 10 years old.

When I was 13 we were approached by a homeless man who wanted to shake our hands. She got up and quickly walked away while I was left there awkwardly not wanting to touch his hand but not wanting to be rude either. She didn't turn back once to see if I was ok. Later when I caught up to her, she yelled at me for talking to the homeless guy. 

6 years ago I got pretty sick and needed a bone marrow transplant, my eldest brother didn't want to do a blood test to see if he was a match. My mother defended him and explained that he's busy at work and can't take time off. 




 :( 









 Pictures are welcome! 




 This thead would def be an interesting read!  




 LOVE this answer.  




 Toasted Rueben sandwich with a side of slaw and pickles 




 Lesbians. 




 I love to laugh and enjoy making others laugh so I'm instantly attracted to someone who is awesomely witty and has a healthy dirty sense of humour.
I also like to burst into song when someone says something that makes me feel like a particular song would be relevent to the situation...when someone gets what I'm doing and sing along...instant attraction! 




 bahaha I can picture this. 




 How does it continue to stop acne after your completed dose? 




 How much is too much in terms of chicks wearing make up, to the point where you don't find her attractive anymore? 




 I have a massive crush on a colleague who only sees me as a friend.  




 A mince and cheese pie from a bakery 




 
Pretty well..not sure I'd agree on NZers having an awesome accent though... 









 Marmite or Vegemite sandwich with potato crisps stuffed inside.  




 "I'm truly sorry for all the shit I put you through". 




 Good luck! Bitch is miserable. 









 Boob sweat 




 that sounds amazing!!! 




 Chicken sauce? 




 Well then you'll just have to wait til you find out what you're having for dinner :) 









 Smile 




 Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter 
























 Melbourne is beautiful but it's also intimidatingly huge! I'm nervous about finding a job and meeting new people.  




 I don't have a job lined up - will start applying in May. I'll be staying with a friend and her family for a bit until I get on my feet. Savings - a bit, moving back home before I move so I can save a bit more. I have a handful of friends there.  




 Jigglypuff 




 Now and Then 









 Finding movie trivia and other info about movies i've watched 




 I've done the same with Give Your Heart a Break 




 Dammit..that sounds oddly arousing 









 You're brave, I wouldn't want glitter getting into my japs eye (if I had one). 




 Sleepers, Inception, Schindler's List, The Godfather 1 - 2 - 3, The Silence of the Lambs, Saving Private Ryan, Braveheart, Dances with Wolves, The Pianist, Scarface, The Green Mile, Legends of the Fall, About Time. 




 In West Philadelphia, born and raised... 




 Ben Folds Five - Brick https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt5EHAqhR1c 




 The Wedding Singer 




 Gotta work to pay the bills 




 My brothers and I used to get hit with a black leather horse whip. 
I remember being five years old and I was punished for getting sunburnt during a school trip. My mother just watched.  




 Time, good friends and having hobbies helps. 




 I can't ride a bike  




 Fancy soap - $30 sigh. 









 I'm with you on that one buddy!  




 I'm glad Sam Mendes didn't follow on from Quantum of Solace and kinda rebooted instead. 




 I haven't watched many Bond films but Skyfall is def my fav out of the ones I've seen. Looking forward to Spectre - coming out Nov 2015 




 She didn't charge at all - she's a friend of a friend who just wanted to help 




 I reckon the unsub is still out there somewhere 




 I had an experience several years ago when a friend encountered something overseas and brought it back with him, it then proceeded to attach itself to me. 
It would present itself to me as a really strong pungent shit smell right under my nose and no one else could smell it, on three separate occasions - my workplace, outside my friend's house and at my mother's house. 

A psychic who was a friend of a friend told me that it was a trickster and had latched itself onto me because i'm sensitive but don't realise it therefore I can't protect myself. 
I was lucky because this trickster had the potential to do some real damage. She banished it to another plane and cloaked me in protection. 

It was the most bizarre experience I've ever had and I still don't know what to make of it to this day. I sure as hell don't tell many people out of fear they'll think i'm nutso.  




 We needed to feed 7 of us, after combining all of our chump change (college/uni students) we went to the gas station and bought a 5 pack of ramen and a pack of precooked Sizzlers sausages. 

We cooked the ramen and sausages, added a bit of chilli powder and ate using what cooking utensils we could find at my mate's flat since he only owned one fork.  




 Back  forearms 




 March 7th 




 Someone talking about papercuts in eyeballs. Currently wincing :s 




 Quirky sense of humour, kind heart and a genuinely caring nature 




 My plans if i'm trying to come up with an excuse to avoid going somewhere  




 M - Skyfall 




 The need to get blood tests done to check my cholesterol levels and the necessity of power naps otherwise I fade pretty quickly  




 Keanu Reeves 




 These are things that I'm working on:

Distractions and realising you just have to keep on going, the world doesn't stop for you so that you can curl up into a corner and cry. Set yourself little goals and then take steps to achieve them. Give yourself a purpose. 

Learning coping mechanisms so that you can roll with the punches also helps.  




 Being two-faced - I tell myself that I do it to try and keep the peace but really I guess I'm just being fake, pretending I like people when I think they're morons.  




 That and people shooting their snot out of their nose and onto the ground like a nose cannon 




 People who sneeze or cough without covering their mouths when other people are around.  




 When are people going to realise that you catch more flies with honey? If you're going to be an asshole, why would we go out of our way for you? I guess there are too many cases of assholes stomping their feet and getting what they want. I get lots of oh yeah well company X is offering me this which is way better...well then sir - why are you still talking to me, why don't you FUCK OFF THEN?! 




 hahahaha desperation... 









 People who don't take ownership and blame everyone or everything else for their problems.  




 Lee Pace 




 Smile at strangers without expecting a smile in return  




 Beefcake 




 Go to a Dr or dermatologist and ask about isotretinoin 




 Arrogant know-it-alls 
























