 EDIT: to clarify the question, mid-range Top 5 Best Brands... I have seen the sidebar. I'm just curious to find out what you guys like. 




 Okay, thanks for your reply. I couldn't find the tuition on their website (Empire Beauty School) - I may have overlooked. I will keep researching. 




 I'm on Lexapro. I just started taking it on April 23rd.  Wasn't too long ago.

The doctor diagnosed me with chronic depression (I've had depression since I was 11/12 years old... I'm 26 now) and anxiety. He felt Lexapro would be a good start for me to be on it.

With the medication, it does help but lately for some reason, I'm always up this late and I would go to bed at 2am.  Then again, it may not be related to the medication. I feel my body running on fumes. I'm exhausted.  Though I feel the need to be on computer often now because I find myself becoming more entertained on it. I feel the need to research and find new ideas in life.  Am I trying too hard to pursue, trying to get my life back in order? To make up for lost times?? I don't know, I don't get myself.  I still find myself, staying inside at my home and I would be on computer most of the time.

I think it's fear of change.  There are times when I would think that change is good. It's nice doing something different.  But there are times when I would lose interest, no motivation to do something different, to do something productive and I would try, at all cost, to avoid change because I am feeling comfortable with the way I am and how I am.

I am still adjusting to the medication so the question would be when would it start working for me? I know the doctor said it may take 4 to 6 weeks to take in full effect of the medication.

Maybe I'm impatient, I don't know. I just want to live my life. 




 This is my first time, posting this in MakeupAddiction... so bear with me... It's after midnight. I may have not made sense in this entry so feel free to comment with your questions and I will try to clarify as best as I can.

I have done my research and is hoping to pursue in attending to a beauty school soon.

I was wondering if there are others who have already attended or is currently attending to a beauty school... because there is a school in Rochester, NY (I am located there). It's called Empire Beauty School and they have the Make Up program.  I am trying to find out how much it would cost to attend to a beauty school.

But not only am I looking into that, I am hoping to see if I could find a school that does have a major in a program that would allow me to graduate with a Bachelor's degree in Make Up (or in Cosmetics). I don't know if there is one but it would be incredible and it would allow me to explore further with the makeup trends.

Do you have any recommendations with beauty schools?? Any ideas or tips? 




 I hope the op don't mind if I add my question in this because we're basically discussing the same thing - ChaosProz and I are from VA so yes, I know the op.  My car's title belongs to my mother but the car was given to me so in order to transfer the title to me, PLUS changing from VA to NY plates... I know the answer now with how much to get NY plates... but how does title work? Does it cost extra money? What do I need to prepare for when I go in DMV to get it all done? 




 I lost my first dog, Harley (she was a miniature schnauzer and she was only nine years old), two years ago (I was also 24 - I'm turning 26 in two days, this Saturday the 21st) and I never realized how much the passing of her really was devastating me.  I was already dealing with depression and this loss was **really** painful.  I knew I needed to talk to someone outside of my husband, my family, and friends so I wanted to try to talk to someone in therapy.  It did help every session I went.  So maybe try therapy in your own time when you're ready.

I'm sorry for your loss, and I truly understand. Sending positive light and love your way with your family. 




 I just don't agree with breaking up over text - that just shows immaturity on her part. I think she could have just talked to you about it in person. I would understand why she want to avoid arguing but that's the whole point of a relationship - to actually communicate with each other.  If not arguing, it could give you guys a chance to agree in mutual terms. 




 I just feel a bit conflicted with this one because the way I was taught by an instructor, she had told me I don't really need music or any kind of distractions to get in the way while I meditate. Otherwise it would have defeat the purpose of silencing your mind, body and soul and listen to your own breathing, to become one with yourself.  I just feel that music helps a bit to relax.  

I have deep anxiety and I try to meditate as much as I can to fit in my busy schedule. I overthink so much, it takes control of me.  And I can't help feeling it all at once when I overthink, even I am more aware that I am overreacting but I just can't seem to take control and recognize I am overthinking.

Any tips or ideas how to quiet my mind down? 




 One step at a time!! :) 




 25/f - wanting kids probably next year or so with the husband (24). We just got married in August. :) 
























 Thank you so much!!  




 It does help, thank you very much! 




 I have never thought of that - I'm already on reading books on makeup and color theory and following real working professionals online but never thought of practicing on friends/family.

When you said get a job at a store/counter - let's just say Macy's... I can get a job there without a certificate or license? 




 I was also looking at that too - I wanted to be sure that it is the real deal as well. 




 I'm looking for an online school that I can afford to enroll in and receive a certificate/license.  I was wondering if there is one... if so, what would you recommend?? 




 Amazing colors!!  




 Gorgeous! Love the color! 









 Correct me if I'm wrong...

Please tell me if I'm being vague. I will try my best to clarify. I saw the sidebar and NYX was fallen under drugstore HG Master List.  I know they sell it in CVS, Walgreens, Ulta Beauty, etc. but I feel most of their products are excellent in quality and it is affordable. Do you think it could count as mid-range? Why or why not? 




 I would just keep checking back. I usually order at NYX online and believe me, I know the feeling when there's a specific item out of stock and the frustration kicks in.  I also follow them on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. It just is easier for me to keep track with them. Hope this helps. 
























 Yay!! Welcome to Reddit!!! 

Fantastic tips, I would definitely look into it! 




 Thank you for the /r/BeautyGuruChat - definitely helpful!!! 




 :O I love this set up!! 




 Eyebrow shape suggestions and lipstick colors??
http://i.imgur.com/tsjIOpC.jpg/2 




 I created my own make up channel recently and I feel that it'd be a great journey for me; to help me learn new things at the same time while making videos and grow.  I also believe this will hone my skills over time.  Are there any tips you can give while creating videos? What should I do and shouldn't do?

Your comments would be greatly appreciated. Many thanks! 




 Thank you so much for the CC, I'll keep that in mind with the mascara, eyeliner, and the lipstick shade :) 




 I just noticed the lower left picture that has a black line on my face - my fault. I cleaned that up already and it looks better without it. So sorry in advanced if anyone sees it lol. 




 Yes, sorry!!

* NYX Pore Filler

* NYX Primer

* NYX Stay Matte Not Flat Liquid - Nude

* e.l.f Tone Correcting Concealer

* NYX Highlight and Contour Pro Palette

* NYX Powder Blush - Dusty Rose

* NYX Born to Glow Liquid Illuminator

* City Glow Daily Defense Bronzer SPF 30

* NYX Avant Pop - Art Throb

* NYX Ultra Pearl Mania (Loose Pearl Eye Shadow) - Pearl

* Maybelline Eyeliner Pencil - Black

* NYX Tame and Frame Brow Pomade - Chocolate

* NYX Butter Lipstick - Gumdrop

* NYX Lush Lashes Mascara - Voluptous

* NYX Make Up Setting Spray - Matte Finish 




 I am struggling with getting my eyebrows right. This is my first picture posting of me (I used my iPhone)... I hope the lighting isn't too dark.  If it is, please tell me and I may take another clear picture with the DSLR. Many thanks!

http://i.imgur.com/6rvnlhh.jpg

EDIT:

* NYX Pore Filler

* NYX Primer

* NYX Stay Matte Not Flat Liquid - Nude

* e.l.f Tone Correcting Concealer

* NYX Highlight and Contour Pro Palette

* NYX Powder Blush - Dusty Rose

* NYX Born to Glow Liquid Illuminator

* City Glow Daily Defense Bronzer SPF 30

* NYX Avant Pop - Art Throb

* NYX Ultra Pearl Mania (Loose Pearl Eye Shadow) - Pearl

* Maybelline Eyeliner Pencil - Black

* NYX Tame and Frame Brow Pomade - Chocolate

* NYX Butter Lipstick - Gumdrop

* NYX Lush Lashes Mascara - Voluptous

* NYX Make Up Setting Spray - Matte Finish 




 Haha thank you!! :D 





























 I agree with ckb2. Please get help. 




 Oooh... I think there's money burning a hole in my wallet... because now I want to buy more lol -stalks at Ulta to find the HD blush- 




 Wow, love the look!! 




 What is the best, safe way to remove nails at home?  I just would like to see my natural nails again.  I haven't seen them for a couple of months and they're really growing long so, I just would like to admire them and finally is able to paint nail polish on my nails rather than using fake nails... 




 But I am willing to travel. I like traveling as well. 




 Yes, thank you 




 Yes, I'm in Rochester, NY. 




 I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask.  I was wondering if there are beauty/makeup conventions I can go to?? 




 I really wish I did a better research before starting my own channel but then a come a few videos later, I realized I needed to do better.  So here I am, trying to fix and improve my channel.

Great advices, I will keep this in mind.  I'm also brand new to YouTube as well so whoohoo, good luck to us!! 
























 I used the sponge this time.  I used Ulta Super Blender Sponge.  Thanks for the tips, next time I will blend it a bit more. 




 I was able to turn on AC and it does give air but it's not cool anymore as it should be.  What is the price range of getting AC refill? (am located in Rochester, NY) 




 I created [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/MakeupAddiction/comments/368i68/highlight_contour_ccw/) thread not too long ago, struggling with using NYX Highlight and Contour Pro Palette.  So I wanted something simple and hopefully this time, I am on the right track with the contouring and highlight.

I used NYX Stay Matte but Not Flat Liquid Foundation and the color is Nude and I used NYX Wonder Stick Highlight and Contour - Light/Medium.

Here is the current look WITH the wonder stick: [photos are here](http://imgur.com/a/Kz05b)

Please let me know what you guys think.

P.S. I posted a picture of the pro palette in the earlier thread. If you guys could guide me to select shades that may be a better fit for me to contour and highlight, I would greatly appreciate it for all your help.  Thank you! 




 I never met my father.  

In the past, I struggled often because I always see little girls holding fathers' hands and I get extremely upset/jealous a bit, maybe.  Then I would get really angry at times.  I wasn't really handling it well, growing up.  I was also very fragile because I kept losing family members and friends (they died) around me.  So it was difficult for my mother to be able to tell me.  She wanted to wait until I get older; when I'm more mentally and emotionally prepared for the big, full story about my father.

I was 24 years old when I found out. Father's Day rolled around in June 2013.  Then I began to wonder about my father again.  I haven't thought about him for a couple of years until for some reason, I wanted answers. I felt ready to know what kind of father he was.  I researched, trying to find answers and I ended up finding his death certificate along with my half-brother's signature and phone number (I didn't know I had half-siblings).

Sadly I found out he passed in February 2010.  I was disappointed because I had planned on contacting him and try to get to know him and hope to meet him in person.

But I finally got in contact with my half siblings (one half brother and one half sister) I never knew until two years ago and they told me many stories about him.  Most of the stories weren't good, hence is why my mother protected me my whole life from not knowing what kind of father he was (he had a serious problem with alcohol and he was involved in drugs).  So my mom finally told me her story and everything made sense from there.

Even if I had meet him in person, I will end up feeling disappointed, seeing how my father turned out.

I learned the hard way, so for me, it's better that I know what kind of person he was and I would be better off without him in my life.  He wasn't a good person, especially to my half siblings.  They had it really rough, growing up around him and especially when he ran out on them multiple times and is good at disappearing.  He was no father figure.

Regardless with the struggles, growing up, I turned out fine.  I wouldn't be the person I am today.  I look up to my grandfather, as if he's my father.  I love him dearly.  I love my family.  I wouldn't have it any other way. 




 I'm looking for other places beside Goodwill...  




 Count me in :( I get terrible puffiness around my eyes, congested, itchy throat, and I basically can't really hear well in my ears. 




 I use a fan brush (Similar to this: http://stylebust.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/Fan-Brush.jpg) first for my cheeks...  and then I use a contour brush (I have this brush: https://roundcheeksbeauty.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/c121b-realtechniquescontourbrushreview.jpg) for my forehead and temples.  I would use the same brush for blending as well.

Yes, I see the weird muddy gray as well.  I may have some contour and mixed it with highlight by mistake.  Should I get another brush to separate what it uses for, one for highlight and one for contour?

I used these shades. I circled the ones. See here: http://i.imgur.com/c8AVOht.jpg 

I also did this at 2am.  I will try again, following the tips.  I may try go to Sephora, MAC and Ulta to see if they could tell me the same how I should really highlight and contour in a proper way. 




 UPDATED:

http://imgur.com/gallery/VOM2t/

MAKEUP:

* NYX Pore Filler
* NYX Studio Perfect "Photo-Loving" Primer
* NYX Stay Matte But Not Flat Liquid Foundation - Nude
* NYX Highlight and Contour Pro Palette (this time I tried a really dark contour... not sure if I made the right call, selecting that color)

Aaah, I never realize how frustrating just to be sure the foundation and the highlight/contour has to be just right.  Plus the lighting in the room, with my light mirror stand, and the camera... (I used Logitech C920 Webcam)  it just gives off my face completely different than what I'm looking at. Hmmmmm.... 




 I knew the foundation was wrong for me.  I even asked for help at Ulta to find a good foundation and matches with my skin and they tell me that the foundation would suit me.  I have a different foundation so I will try another.

I'll keep that in mind with the contouring.  Thanks so much! 




 I want to be sure I'm on the right track with highlight and contour.

What I put on,

* NYX Pore Filler
* NYX Studio Perfect "Photo-Loving" Primer
* Maybelline Fit Me! Matte + Poreless - (120) Classic Ivory
* NYX Highlight and Contour Pro Palette

If you think the lighting in the photos aren't good, please let me know. I can retake photos and upload them.

Any advices or tips would be great. Thanks!
 
























 It's nearly a month since I first got on anti-depressant pills (Lexapro) and it's my first time being on them... it did help a little bit because I felt that I did get my energy back only for a very short time, and I would step out of the house, just to try to do something different and usually that lasts about two hours, sometime longer... and then I get extremely tired nearly every evening.  I would just get home.  There were times when I was really exhausted, I wanted to take a nap.  There were times that I just want to stay awake as much as I can, just to see if I could go to bed early (but that never happened). I then get a burst of energy after 10pm and I would stay awake until 4am or 5am and this occurs every night.  For some reason, I couldn't sleep and I didn't want to get off my computer because I felt like I'm not done with what I want to do.  In the back of my mind, I just feel like it's still gnawing at me, like I am aware that if I take my eyes off, I would feel like I'm back to reality.  When I'm on computer, I feel safe. I escape from that dark feeling.  I just become numb and would lose track of time until I take my eyes off the screen and I see the time. That's when I snap out of it.

I have one pill left in my bottle.  Is it possible to ask for a refill? I know my doctor allows it but my doctor appointment isn't until June.  Do you think I should wait until the appointment and talk to the doctor to increase the dose?  I just feel like it did help so very little, I just think that 10mg is really low for me... if the doctor increase the dose, I think it'll help me greatly with my anxiety and sleeping issues... what do you guys think? 




 I spend the whole day watching movies on my computer, watch YouTube, and I would play video games as well.  I would try to avoid anything productive and just escape for a very long time.  




 If I'd hire you to do my makeup, what would you put on my face? I'm just curious here.

Photo link: [here's my face](http://imgur.com/a/cNfB9) 




 I can't pick one lol.. I really dig the twenties, the fifties, the seventies/eighties and the nineties. 




 I've been following many cosmetic pages  on Facebook so I saw this video on their Facebook page on my newsfeed. I've heard of the name but I'm not familiar with Smashbox Cosmetics and their products.  What are your thoughts on their products?

As for the step by step contour stick trio video, they kept it really small and very light... Is it really that simple or they just do it for the demo? Just wondering.

Link: https://www.facebook.com/smashbox-cosmetics/videos/10155564978615075/ 




 [Witchcraft...](http://img.pandawhale.com/post-29449-witchcraft-gif-magic-made-by-m-m9k7.gif)

Literally. I thought I'd see a red "mirror" swatch or something.  It's a nice swatch though. I've been reading the comments.  How did you learn about this product? Just curious. 




 I think it's more of the pictures I took because they were at night and the lighting in the room isn't excellent, the angles look all wrong.  I've been wondering if it does really affect with the foundation and the highlight/contour.

Maybe I should try again and do make up during the day with the natural lighting, and take better pictures (will have to use DSLR).

For this product, NYX Wonder Stick...  I like the product, it goes on very nice. It helps for sure because it's specific (what I mean by that, this has four different kind of NYX Wonder Stick, "Light", "Medium", "Deep", and "Universal" - it allows you to select the kind of shade that suits to your liking)  unlike the pro palette (because it has six different shades for highlight/contour and I'm struggling to find the right shades for my face).

As for the budget, I'm looking at between the range of the drugstore makeup to midrange makeup.  I have not yet tried other contour products.  I've been considering to check out Urban Decay, Make Up For Ever, Too Faced, NARS, Anastasia, and MAC.   




 Yes, I think the primer is giving you trouble as well. I would recommend looking into NYX products... I love their products and they're drugstore high quality.  Look into their primers as well. 




 Okay, I will try to use less highlighter and contour. Thank you. 




 Ulta Super Blender Sponge. 
























 What about EleventhGorgeous?? I think they're really sweet and I love that they add closed captions to their videos. 




 I know what you mean by that... anxiety and creativity. My imagination can run pretty wild.  It's never a good combination - truthfully for me. I read books, I watch movies, I write stories... well, you know the rest. :/ 




 What I mean by cinematic deaths, for example... I see my mum driving the car, and there's this huge truck driving on the highway, carrying dangerous equipment like gas or carrying something that could fall off on the road. Then time would slow down, I see my mom's reaction, and then switch to the truck, I will see it either lost control of driving, started to fall on the road and it would be too late to change lanes to avoid the accident OR I will see the truck's equipment fell off and it was rolling towards her. There are many different ways. I always end it with a police officer, putting his hat down and knock on my door to tell me the news of what happened to my mum or to my SO or to my friends.  

These images are usually disturbing and I would check in with my family and friends to be sure they're okay. They're oblivious to why I check in quite often. I don't want them to know and I care about them tremendously and love all of them.  




 ...when I find myself, thinking about my mum, my SO, and my best friends... I think about their deaths in my head, having dialogues, and creating scenarios like out of the movie scenes, and dramatic stories.  It's different every time I think about it.  It's not like I think about it every now and then.  For some reason, I constantly think about it at certain times when I'm alone and without any human contact.  My mind is evolving strange forms of thoughts and images.

Does anyone do this? Why do I keep thinking about it? Is it fear of being alone? Is it fear of losing them? I ask myself that but am curious to hear from you... what is it that cause me to think about that? 




 I wish I could give you extended thousand of hugs your way. Please get help, go to the hospital. 




 I've been looking for something like this- thanks for sharing. 




 Can't wait to have it in soon. Looking forward to it!! Do you guys want to have me doing the swatches and show each color?? Let me know and I'd do that :) 




 *checks out UpBra website then eyes bulge out the second I clicked "Shop"... $85 for one bra?! What. $90 for ONE STRAPLESS BRA?! ._.  




 I was supposed to see my doctor for an evaluation, a follow up on how I'm doing on the pill, considering it's my first time being on it (which is why I'm scheduled to see the doctor in June).  I know it's supposed to be every single day but he never really explained how it works when it comes to refill the prescription.  I'm aware that I just don't pop it just to feel better.  I know it doesn't work that way. If I indicate in any way to sound like I was implying that, I apologize.  I do not mean to.  Maybe I was being vague.  I hope I'd clarify this by now...  The doctor said I will notice 4 to 6 weeks that the prescription will take its full effects.  Should I notice it by now??  Maybe you are right, as you say, my crazy energy levels is part of the result and it will take a very long time to "re-adjust" with the medicine.  I'll stick it out with 10mg.  Thanks for your reply. 




 I love the colors!! Thanks for sharing! 
























