 I've been SH free for a little while now, but the urges are getting too strong and too frequent. I don't think I can resist it for much longer.

Edit: I gave in to the urges. Sorry. I appreciate those who replied and tried to help and I'll try harder to resist in the future :(  




 That's awesome! It may not feel like it, but it's the little things that count :)  




 I've always done this, without even really thinking about it or realising.  




 I have a Z2, I'm the exact same! 









 thanks :)  




 Thank you, it's nice to hear that from someone :) 




 Thanks :3  




 Just wanted to say it. I don't have anyone else to really talk to. But yeah, 50 days self harm free. 




 Quackers 




 I've been prescribed them for depression/self harming, and social anxiety. 




 Yeah, I've been feeling that way too but somehow I've always gone back to it. Thanks for the reply too :)  




 Thanks for the reply :) I'll try doing more positive activities when I feel that way :) 




 I do. Practically every night I sleep in this position, I find it strangely comfortable. 
























 Good luck :) x 




 Haha, I do agree ._.  









 I'm in the same position. Perhaps speak to your doctor about changing medication?  




 I see, thank you. I checked online and this is definitely it. Still terrified though, working up some courage to get it outside 




 I'm so glad it could help. 




 I live in Scotland?  









 I think it's something a lot of people need to hear   




 You're welcome. Pm me if you ever need to talk :) 









 I actually saw the doll straight away, definitely creepy. Awesome collection though!  




 Well done on the 6 days :) don't let it get you down too much, just pick up and try again. As for the person you promised, I'm sure they'll understand.  




 The last one with the little girl...  "soon"  
























 http://9gag.com/gag/aKgyWEW?ref=android.s  




 Mostly just unsettling... 




 Yeah, that's awesome. Much appreciated! 




 Laughed far too much at this!  




 I thought I was the only one!  




 I also hate Christmas and birthdays. Just don't see what the fuss is all about. 




 It drives me insane. A friend of mine finds the sound of a clock ticking calming, meanwhile I'm over here going out of my mind  




 It makes a lot more sense now, and I think the situation right now might be the cause of it. 
Thank you for the replies, it's greatly appreciated :)  




 Yeah I do fear that. I don't think he would do that again though, but it's always a thought in the back of my mind. 




 I only met my dad 2 years ago. He was never there as I was growing up, but over the 2 years we've been close, although recently it hasn't been the same because he lives 25ish miles away.  




 The title is pretty self explanatory. I (18/F) keep dreaming that my dad dies, it has happened every night this week and it's starting to really get to me. 




 Awesome tattoos dude :) 




 Ah, this is amazing! 




 Yes! All the time. Loved that episode  
























 At least I know I'll most likely find at least *one* wallpaper I like in here... 









 That's so awesome! that's such a huge milestone to reach. Keep going OP :) 




 When I was 16, I only waited about 2-3 weeks. I recently started therapy again but in a new place and I had to wait 4 months.  




 Good game, good result. Always awesome to win an old firm match. 




 "you're not a bad person for the ways you try to kill your sadness"  




 It's *never* too far. Not quite yet anyway 




 That's the dream right there. If only I had what it takes to be a pedestrian. *sigh*  




 You're really pretty; no need to lose any weight. Work on your self confidence and you'll be good to go :) 




 You aren't ugly at all. Don't worry :) 




 Thank you! I found out the remix too :) much appreciated buddy 




 I think it's a remix of some sort, I've tried searching the lyric but I've found nothing thus far. 

https://vine.co/v/Oj9mB6eu0lT 




 Yes! Even just the thought of it ._.  




 It's worthwhile telling your doctor, I'm prescribed 150mg and I've never been sick because of it. Feeling nauseous is normal at the beginning though.  
























 Seems legit.  









 Same here, picking/biting though.  




 I'm hungover and unable to detect sarcasm through reddit. Eh, I've found myself in solid rock a few times and like I said, I've been in firewater. My music taste is everything from heavy metal to 80s pop. So that's not exactly an issue.. ha..  




 I don't tend to venture into Sauchiehall street too much, been to firewater a few times but other than that I haven't been to the other clubs; I just know of them. The only thing that seems to be appealing to most people about campus is the prices. 

Might check out Victorias and the other you mentioned. Thanks!  




 The first and most appropriate use for that emoji 




 Haha I can safely say I, nor my friend have ever stolen a traffic cone.  




 Friend and I are contemplating campus tomorrow but I've heard mixed stuff about it. Any insight into it would be awesome/other recommendations. 




 Equally as awesome. Appreciate the effort too :) 




 That's awesome! Much appreciated :) 














 My therapist is aware, she's asked to see my arms (obviously, that was optional) if you do decide to tell them, he/she will probably ask you why you do or other questions. 

The only way they would ever have to take action was if it was endangering your life/you were threatening that. 




 I still cut, just not anywhere they would see. But I'm curious if anyone else is the same. I don't mind in public, but if I were to see anyone I know; I'd pull down my sleeves. 
























 Will you be adding more anytime soon?  




 Duuude, these are awesome! 




 I'm doing CBT, started off in January once a week, now it's once every 2 weeks.  




 Been taking it for roughly a week or two, started off at 75mg and then got put upto 150mg (started today). Mainly for anxiety, depressive thoughts. Also recently diagnosed with borderline personality disorder too though. So far, all I've been getting is relentless headaches and the occasional nauseous feeling. 

Anyone else the same way? or had any luck with venlafaxine in the long run? 




 If you feel confident enough. Just wear what you want. If not then, there's probably some cream/makeup sort of options to blend it in with your skin color a bit or perhaps collared shirts. Might not hide it all, but at least disguise a little  




 1. Does CBT work for BPD? or will I be reffered to a new therapist? 

2. I've been reading a lot about all this and I've seen a few times that therapists (apparently) don't like treating people with BPD, is this true? 

Extra information: Since I was 17 (now 19) I've been (on/off) seeing therapists, specifically doing CBT. The one I'm seeing at the moment, as far as I'm aware is only trained in cbt techniques. I only recently got diagnosed last week with BPD so it's all fairly new to me. 




 There was two officials that had a clear view that was a handball, useless.  




 They're about 7-8 months old, I've seen tattoos covering deeper redder scars so I figured it would be alright. If not; I should be able to go a bit further up as the scars are white/fully healed. 

Thanks  




 The red-ish ones are my main concern, I do have a tattoo booked but I never mentioned the scars to the artist. So, I figured I'd post her for some opinions 

http://imgur.com/phuDnWF 




 The venlafaxine is more for anxiety but I was told it could also help the BPD side of things. Anyone else in the same situation? what can I expect? 




 so unbelievably legit.  




 Not in the UK :(  




 Nope, but I will now  




 Awesome to see someone understanding the reference.  
























 Well done OP. They're healing good! Keep going. Speaking for most people here; we're proud of you, 1 year is amazing!   




 Happy birthday 🎂  




 I've never really liked being a mage, but that does sound tempting :p 




 *disappears at the thought of outdoors* 




 God fucking damn it, Jesus!  




 Seconding this. 




 I've only played through as 1H/Shield, and two handed. I've been meaning to play through as an archer for a while now. It seems like it would be pretty fun!  









 Congrats  Keep going! ^-^ 




 *ugh*  




 The first step is always admitting you need a little help. Remember to take care of the wounds x 




 Agreeing with what the others have been saying. Please don't let this become a thing for you. It's extremely addictive and can soon take over 




 It went fine, tattoo got done :) not over the red ones though. As long as they're faded/white you should be alright  




 Congrats on the 127 days, that's awesome OP :3  
























