 In the US, the Supreme Court has ruled that innocence is not a standard for a appellate habeas relief. 
In plain English it means that in the US you can be wrongfully convicted of murder, and everybody from juror to judge to executioner can agree without a shadow of a doubt that you're innocent, and you can still be put to death. 
Cullen v Pinholster 




 Knights of the Old Republic 

"The force is a powerful thing. I heard it can wipe away entire identities..." 




 I'm pregnant. It's yours. 




 TIL that Brian Grazer was child molester too. 




  I'm a film student struggling to pay for an expensive film school. I have written a pilot that I'm shooting for my senior thesis and I've got a feature script just laying in a drawer. I have no qualms saying I'm the best producer at my school, because I'm the only one who will do WHATEVER IT TAKES to make the story happen. I know how to do every job on set, and I have a wealth of film school contacts who would be willing to work for free.
Can you make money as a porn producer anymore? If I shot a porn, I know a cinematographer who could make it look like a work of art with just a DSLR and some china balls. And my PD department would be hella artsy. What does the porn distribution model look like anyway? 

I'd ask my film school professors, but they'd be really shitty about it. 




 Gold futures. So long as the market is in contango, you're guaranteed to make a profit. The only way to lose money is if the gold gets stolen. 




 I'm alcoholism and I'm slowly killing Santa Claus. Why? Because his dad used to put cigarettes out on his neck. 
Also, it was a comedy. 




 The Germans sign "3" with their thumb, index, and middle finger. 




 I'm studying humor, so if there are any veteran comedian redditors out there, what makes the scene:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8PHNiCWLsc

So freaking funny?

EDIT: Real quick disclaimer. I'm not asking whether or not the clip is funny. This is not about opinions. I need to do an essay on humor and frustration and I got assigned this clip by the teacher. I'm just asking how the humor is constructed. 









 Somebody fix this. Looking for a cheap, effective way to keep from sneezing when I play with my dog.
 




 Yeah, a lot of guys like that are so brilliant at their jobs and so terrible at picking up clues from girls. I was that for years. I'd bet money that he probably secretly worries why he can't find any girls who are interested in him. You guys sound like a perfect match: you both understand the demands of hectic career schedules and you both like each other. This stage of the relationship isn't really about getting to know each other better, its about attracting each other. Make your desire known, really known, before the coffee date is over and don't stop until he's totally aware no matter how  unnatural it feels. Later, He'll thank you for taking the emotional risk to break through his densess. 




 Do it. I would be so bummed if a sweetheart like you decided not to talk to me at the gym. Hell, that's the only reason we go to the gym. Wear the sluttiest outfit you have, and ask if he can spot you while you lift something heavy. Then lift it wrong and have him show you how to do it right. Preferably something that requires a lot of thrusting. 
If that doesn't work, it's a lost cause.  




 Give him an opportunity to throw his cards on the table. You don't need to see him at a bar or wait for him to hit on you. Send him a text at 2am. You need him to come over and kill a spider or fix a doorknob or whatever. He'll either be at your door or he won't. Either way you'll have an answer.  





























 I went through all your old posts. You are clearly neither a lawyer, historian, nor an economist. 

You don't understand what fiat money is:

http://us.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/26tsah/eli5_how_does_fiat_currency_come_to_exist/chunujc

This was racist:

http://us.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/26tk4f/bully_gets_what_she_deserves_after_making_fun_of/chuo0le

And this is the topper on the cake:

http://us.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/206kl2/eli5_the_gay_agenda/cg15ofs

The real bitch is, you and I should be on the same side. We both respect the Constitution, we have a similar love for history -

http://us.reddit.com/r/MapPorn/comments/1zrcs4/the_battle_of_bunker_hill_1775_charlestown_ma/cfwhy3t

-we have a similar background in economics-

http://us.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/206nka/eli5_if_war_stimulates_a_countrys_economy_why/cg09p7o

- and we both want to limit the powers of the government:

http://us.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/206i86/eli5_what_does_the_nsa_really_gain_from_spying_on/cg08eju

If only I could redirect the misplaced paranoia found here:

http://us.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/1zprv6/college_grads_taking_lowwage_jobs_displace_less/cfwevm8

(re: the government is going to reinstate slavery, they're takin' our jerbbbs!)

into fighting a problem that actually exists like the crippling prison-industrial complex, the government overreach from the NSA and the Patriot Act, and an economically suicidal war-based foreign policy.

....Come to the dark side...... 




 The US Supreme Court upheld ACA as constitutional; therefore, by definition it is constitutional. 

Go back to civics class.  




 I'm down
 




 ^ This is little more than an argument for apathy. Wrongful conviction compensations are hardly above the poverty line per year. This guy missed out on nearly 2 decades, thats a marriage and a career. I hardly call that sorted for the rest of his life. And he's one of the lucky ones, the tiny minority who have the means to launch a private investigation from their cell and get an exoneration in the first place. The real problem is a systemic misunderstanding about justice: no system is perfect, but one plagued with racism and corruption needs work. We are presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt, not guilty until exonerated two decades later so we can get "1,000 extra murderers" off the streets. 
Maybe an eye for an eye is a bit excessive, but jurors and judges might be more careful if they had to shoulder some of the cost of failure. 




 ITT terrible movies, and morons who don't understand good ones. 




 That movie is too good. Justin Long as doctor Lexus: "I don't wanna sound like a dick or nothing, but you're pretty fucked up." 




 4) Last thing, I swear, because this post has gone on super long and its time to wrap it up. Little victories. For several months of my life, the only reason I was alive was because I really, really wanted to see the last Batman film. There is nothing wrong with this. People like me and you don't have the normal drive to stay alive because we don't feel good normally like everybody else. We have to set up little rewards for ourselves that will get us through to our little goals. Having depression sucks, but life doesn't. I'm willing to bet that there are things that you will miss, whether its the next presidential election, your mom's birthday, whatever. When it gets hard, remember what you're fighting for.

And if what you're fighting for isn't worth it anymore, remember that this isn't forever. Whether you kill yourself or survive, the pain will stop somehow: the question is which one you will choose.

I believe that you will make it through this. I SWEAR TO GOD. I wouldn't have stayed up all night writing this stupid instruction manual for you if I didn't think you were worth the investment. What makes you worthy of the investment? You're a survivor. You have all the traits of a survivor. But more than that. You have the traits of a survivor who goes on to do great things.

Did you know that cancer patients who have survived depression have a better survival rate than cancer patients who have never tasted real hopelessness? Not only do you have the necessary qualities to survive depression, you have the qualities of a person who becomes a better person because of your experience with depression.

Do not envy the painless. Pity them. We are judged by the strength of our enemies. Unfortunately, we know the power of our common enemy. 

But that's what makes us who we are. 




 Perhaps I can help you.

I don't want to make any assumptions, but if I understand you correctly, you don't want to die; you want to get better. Death to you would be an unfortunate if possibly necessary escape from a crippling depression. 

I've been there mate. I really have. But clearly, your counselor has not.

When I was first diagnosed depressed, I had the world's dumbest counselor. It's natural to be disgusted by them. I'm disgusted for you. There is ONE most important trait in the person who will shepherd you through this disease until you have the tools and/or medication to handle it yourself: understanding. Trust your instincts. If he doesn't understand you, tell him to piss off and move on.

If I had to make a bet right now as to whether you'd make it, I'd put money that you do. Statistically, you have all the traits of someone who makes it: empathy, transparency, effective communication even just through text and to total strangers, and most of all the absolutely critical self-reflection that will push you forward on your road to recovery.

I can give you the tools, but I can't use them for you. 

1) Get help (and probably medicine). In my experience, the hotlines have been worse than useless, much like your counselor. Our country's system is great at emergencies, and terrible long-term. Please, call them when things get bad. They really can help when there is nothing left.
    For longer term help, consider getting a dog. A big furry one. I was once just like you. I too once said that I've regretted every decision I've ever made. I do not regret getting a dog. She saved my life every day for the most critical three years.
    Which human can you rely on emotionally? If you have none, get one. Pay for a therapist. A good one. One who understands you and has time to take care of your illness, just like you would pay for a surgeon if you had cancer.
    Confront the inherent denial. You and I both know that you're counselor isn't equipped for somebody like you. If you had cancer, you wouldn't give up just because your surgeon was being stupid, no matter how much daily pain you were in. 

     Remember, I'm not faulting you. Nobody should have to go through what you're going through. 

  Depression is an extremely personal enemy, the kind that knows your every weakness and how to exploit them. You're probably wondering what right I have to suggest that you go on living this hell indefinitely on a vague promise of a future cure. In fact, I'm willing to bet you've been feeling this way long enough that you can't even remember what cured feels like. And you would be absolutely correct. It would be sadistic of me to make you live an agonizing life alone, waiting to get better. So let me flip the premise: what if you had a goal? What if you only had to live long enough until you knew everything about your depression? Is that so unreasonable? If you had cancer, wouldn't you want to understand it enough to know it were incurable before you killed yourself? 
 Consider the difference of perspective between the two premises. One is about waiting; the other exploring. One is about suffering; the other about observing, understanding. One relies on pedantic platitudes to limit choice; the other leaves the suicide option on the table. And most importantly, one will kill you; the other will get you through this.

2) Train yourself to understand your pain. If you are going to live long enough to at least understand the way your mind works, you're going to need some effective, tested strategies to make it through the tough times, until you are absolutely confident that there is nothing left for you to do. And trust me, bud, there will be tough times. But I can teach you how to master your pain.
    Here is the exercise. Set a timer for one hour, with a soothing alarm, like chimes or bells, nothing too jarring. Go into a reasonably quiet room. Sit cross legged on the floor. Get up against a wall or something to support your back. Start the timer and close your eyes. DO NOT MOVE. This is extremely important. Don't scratch if you have an itch. Don't wiggle when your bottom hurts. Don't move your arms when they feel weird. Don't even move your tongue. The only motions allowed are those required to breathe. 
     Does this sound unreasonable? It is. Too bad. Depression is unreasonable. Is it going to hurt? Yes, a ton. By 50 minutes it's going to hurt like a motherfucker. Don't stop. You can't tell depression to stop hurting when it gets to be too much.
     But I can give you the secret to master the pain. The secret is in your mind. Think about what you're thinking about and then think about your breathing instead. If you start thinking about elephants, here's what you do: "Elephants are really great." - "I just had a thought." - "Breathe in. Breathe out." 
     Do not stop. Don't cheat. Your depression knows the difference. Your life literally depends on it. 
     What does this accomplish? First it trains your willpower. Beating depression means beating pain. It means doing the exact opposite of what every fiber of your body is demanding that you do. Secondly, it makes you more aware of what you're thinking about. You will need to know this when you're analyzing the cycles of thoughts that go through your head.
     What doesn't this accomplish? Consider a situation that happened to me a billion times. I'm sitting cross-legged when, instead of a thought about elephants, I get this thought: "You're not gonna make it." These thoughts, mantras, chants, whatever you want to call them, are extremely common in depressive thought cycles. You described your mind chanting "I want to die" repeatedly. I know exactly what that feels like. Do not fall into this very easy trap: "I want to die" - "I'm thinking about wanting to die again" - "Why am I thinking about wanting to die" - "Well I'm thinking that way because I have no hope." - "Why don't I have hope" and on and on and on ad infinitum. This is the correct way to handle this: "I want to die." - "I just thought about wanting to die." - "Breathe in. Breathe out."
     I'm not asking you to ignore or invalidate those feelings. I'm asking you to log them away for a later exercise. This exercise is not about deep thinking. It's about meta thinking, being in control about what you think about.
     Lastly, do not fall into the very easy trap of punishing yourself for thinking. Remember, its not "I want to die" - "I just thought about wanting to die" - "Damn I screwed up by thinking" - "Damn I did it again" - "Stop I'm losing focus on my breathing" - "Damn I did it again" and on and on. There is no failure for thinking: this is inevitable. There is only the willpower to resist the temptation to continue ignoring your breathing.

3) Develop personal strategies to combat the cycle of depression. Use what you learned from the last exercise to understand how your depression works. For example, I learned that I was truly physically tired. I would stay up late crying all night. Then I would be exhausted all day and have a terrible day. Then I'd feel bad about a terrible day and cry all night. And on and on and on. 
     Your depression has cycles that can be demystified, identified, evaluated, and fought against. But you can't beat an enemy you don't understand, so you absolutely must identify what you're fighting against. What are your triggers? Social situations? Your romantic life? Stress? Money? Anger? Regret? Are you creatively in a rut? Are you struggling to find a purpose? 
     Most likely its just this: you have regular people problems intensified by an order of magnitude by your disease. In my case, I was struggling with the aftermath of a sexual assault. A common problem made a billion times worse because depression knows how to twist it into a wound that hurts every time. So any time I was even remotely bullied, it would feel like I was being victimized all over again. Here's my advice: Identify your triggers and develop strategies to cope with them until you can medically fix your depression. 

   What strategies work? 
   Magic Potion
        Mix a drop of food coloring in some water. Label the container, magic anti-depression potion. Guzzle the potion as fast as you can. I know it sounds crazy, but I swear it makes me feel better.
   Throw your depression into the sea
        Get a rock. Channel all that negative depression juju into that rock. Throw the rock into the sea. I know the rock isn't the depression, but for some reason the physical act of flinging the badness away from you makes you feel physically further away from your disease.
    Fuzz Therapy
        Cuddle a dog, cat, little sister. Don't have one? Go on the internet and look up pictures of baby seals. Remember, people like you and me spend a lot of our lives being sad. So much so that we often feel like we have no power over how we feel. But its not true. Even if its just for a second, you can change the way you feel. (One quick caveat, perhaps something you have already noticed. Depressed people like you and me don't have the same reaction to baby seals that other people do. Mostly, it makes us cry really hard for reasons we don't quite understand. This is positive. Crying is not bad. Feeling bad is bad. Crying is great. It helps us vent out that pain. Don't be alarmed if its not immediately joyful to look at cute animals on the internet. But do remember that you are causing yourself to have a different emotional reaction.)
    Take a walk around the block. Throw yourself a celebration when you make it all the way around.

 




 I'm saying that innocent executions could hypothetically be a result of the ruling that innocence does not qualify one for habeas relief, not that Pinholster was innocent. 
Also, remember we're not talking about the appeal itself, but the right to even have the appeal heard, so by definition it relates to evidence that a jury and judge could not have heard. And remember that in the original case it was a question of ineffective assistance of counsel in the first place! 
Think deeper than just the opinion. What is it like for somebody who actually has been convicted of murder? You're correct that newly-discovered evidence could be filed for post conviction relief, but who files? In the case of Pinholster, it was a brain-damaged crazy guy with no right to counsel. How was he supposed to file for relief on his own during the statute of limitations?
Think about what this says. Yes, we see that you have evidence that could prove you innocent, but you were too crazy/legally illiterate to file it without a lawyer in time. Now that you have a lawyer, it's too late and you have to die.
So what does this ultimately mean? Does the constitutionally mandated right to relief against unlawful imprisonment cover innocence? The Supreme Court says no.
 




 I agree, but with one sneaky caveat. Let's not confuse depression, the sickness, with selfishness. 
You have a right to be depressed, because you have no choice. It's like saying you have a right to have cancer. How about: "I know I feel bad, but I decide who I am, not depression, and I'm going to make the world a better place today." 
It's easy to slip into a sort of denial. "I'll be happy if I just stop thinking about it." Pro-social work can be an AWESOME strategy for combating depression. But if it's keeping you from getting medication or solving a life problem, then its like an alcoholic who gives up drinking and replaces it with an obsessive dedication to religion. Is it more positive? Yes. Does it solve the real problem? No.

Good on you for keeping up the good fight. I wish you the absolute best of luck. 




 I know exactly the feeling. Crying is not bad. Feeling bad is bad. Crying is good: it helps us vent and to communicate that feeling with others. 

Consider communicating that feeling in other ways: art, music, journaling. It can be just as relieving.

And if you need help, send me a pm. I'll do what I can. Sometimes it helps just to be understood. 




 I'm not a doctor, but I absolutely do not believe that depressive traits are part of your personality. The banana analogy is a pretty silly attention grabber, but the principle behind it comes from interviews with the soldiers who have given their lives in the war with depression. For evidence, I submit myself. If depression were part of my personality, what happened to my depressive symptoms? If some personality traits make one more akin to developing depression, why blur the line between traits that might have a link to depression (re: critical self-image) and the positive traits of the depressive personality (re: resilience, humor, empathy)? Which traits are the depression and which traits are the personality? I believe both. Depressive personalities can have a simultaneous critical self-image and the empathic drive to understand, say, a schizophrenic personality with similar self-esteem problems. These are all parts of the "fruit." I'm not saying all parts of our personality are great. Many depressive personalities have high narcissistic tendencies. But it is important to know what will go away when you've found the specific strategies to combat your personal depression. 

Let me give an example: one of my symptoms was known as severe leaden depression. Leaden depression is when you feel like you have big clumps of lead on your feet and shoulders every time you walk. But for me, it was so severe, that oftentimes I would stay in bed for several days, only coming out after several days on the brink of starvation. Many of you probably have similar experiences. This is solidly not part of my personality, and I can prove it. I haven't been stuck in bed or my car or anywhere for over a year now. It went away with the depression. That makes it part of the "peel."

I see how this can be an often absurd tautology. How easy for me to say that its part of my depression, when I've already won the major battles with depression! But what about me, the reader, still in the thick of battle? How am I supposed to know what is part of me and what is part of the depression? But we don't get to choose that which is wise. Remember, on the road to the truth, the reality doesn't change; it is yourself that changes. I think the framework of the question is what most keeps you from the answer. Let me throw this out: perhaps personality AND depression are parts of you. 

Let's return to the cancer analogy. I'm 5'6", and that makes me a pretty short guy. That's my body. Cancer is also a part of your body,  but there is a clear distinction between cancer cells and healthy cells: one of them is going to ruin your life and kill you. One of those problems is going to go away when the treatment is over. One of those problems is part of who I am, and if it's really a problem then I'm going to have to come to terms with it, understand it, revise my definition of myself, and become the best self I can be.

So back to the original question, how do you differentiate personality traits from depression? You are you. Depression is not you. In fact, you are what is going to beat the depression. 




 Sopranos 




 Debt dies in the US. That means that although your estate has to pay the debts you accrue, debt does not get pushed off to your relatives. Of course, funerals/burials cost money which your estate (aka whoever would inherit whatever money is left over) can elect to pay. That is to say that the cost of death can range from cheap and cremated to Nick Cage buried in a pyramid. 




 Thank God, the new guy is here. This is your problem now.
 
























 Now you're a doctor, too. 

Schism of consciousness? Are you kidding me? You're just making this shit up as you go. Consciousness is a state of perception. The term you're looking for is cognitive dissonance, you arrogant, egotistical know-it-all. I've been working with depressed teens for as long as I've been working in federal appellate law: years. You know nothing of either field.


If "lawyer" and "economist" and "scholar" are bullshit labels, why don't you try on these? Ignorant. Cocksure. Fuckwad. You have to have character before it can be assassinated.


You must have found my history of depression in the heartfelt posts written to help sick friends and confidantes. If I have proven anything beyond any shred of doubt it's this: a jackass like you, someone who would use someone's medical history to discredit their arguments about our medical system, deserves to be taken down a peg. 




 worst first date ever
 




 instad. I cringe every time.... Instad. I cringe... Instad.... cringe. 


Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad....Instad.... 




 often. It's not off-ten.  




 Bud, I'm just inviting you to take another look at an issue. You are the one who originally suggested that support for the ACA was simply due to lack of intelligence or respect for the Constitution or some deficiency in legal or historical education. You are clearly not the Constitutional legal scholar/historian/economist you purport to be, and instead of pointing it out I should have just ignored your trolling ass. 




 To be fair, I'm a recovering suicidal depressive and I disagree with you guys. Suicidal does not equal homicidal, so a suicide does not mean one less mass shooting. And depression does not make one an irresponsible gun owner. But being suicidal does. 

If you kill yourself, the universality of human rights dictate that it is equally tragic as any homicide. By the nature of our disease, we are prone to brief but intense bouts of hopelessness and pain, which in turn has a direct link to impulsiveness. This is good. Impulsive = easy to dissuade. Just stall for a few minutes and the crisis is over. 

Killing yourself with a gun, especially if one is readily available is much easier than setting up a helium-based suicide, less risky than taking some pills and hoping you succeed, and less painful than razors or hanging. This makes this form of suicide the perfect storm to turn the morbidity of depressive hopelessness into the mortality of gun violence.

The idea that "less determined" suicidal depressives take less determined chances with suicide is not true. Suicide is not binary, and being suicidal does not predetermine you to death by suicide. Suicidal simply means prone to suicidal ideation, considering suicide. So the argument that a suicidal person will continue to seek out a potentially more painful form of death is too simplistic, lacking in the empathy required to combat depression. Do you take your life if the cost to do so is higher? For many of us, the answer is no. 

Less guns available means less deaths by suicide, and I'm living proof. 




 Perhaps we could unite on the superordinate goal to get guns out of the hands of the criminally insane? 




 A government that truly reflects its populace can and should promote the common welfare in ways that uninhibited markets cannot or simply will not (i.e. laws, defense, rectifying externalities, preventing the tragedy of the commons, and investments in the community). 




 An adept point, but America is not trying to be South Africa. The reason we're no longer a third world country in the first place is the investments in civil liberties (e.g. child worker laws), human capital (e.g. public education), and social programs like welfare, Social Security, and Medicaid. 

True, the poorest in America are not the poorest in Malaysia, China, or India. But we do have a massive healthcare problem that still costs us millions per year toward totally preventable diseases. And believe it or not, we still have a hunger issue here, which is ridiculous. Poverty is poverty, whether its in South Africa or Blackwater, Arizona, and no human being, let alone children, should be subjected to the injustices of hunger, inadequate healthcare, and the loss of the American dream. 




 Sure, but let's not cede the point that the Ryan has a monopoly on economic growth. The argument stems from the idea that even though both sides agree that the economy is struggling and needs government assistance to reach its potential again, one sides wants to inject money to grow demand and one side wants to inject money to grow supply. 

There is a term in economics known as the money multiplier, whereby a government source injects money into an economy and a portion of that money is spent, creating demand, or saved, which does not create demand. The real benefit is that the portion that is spent gets spent or saved again indefinitely, with each iteration getting smaller and smaller as each step loses a bit of money to saving.

So if we want to boost demand in the economy (and both sides do), we have to ask where do we inject the money? Historically, Democrats have put that money into what are known as automatic growth stabilizers. That means welfare, disability, medicaid, tax breaks for the poor, the kind of stuff that immediately puts money into the economy during a recession without government action. Republicans, Ryan included, argue that a better way to make an impact on the economy is to give tax breaks to the leaders of industry, incentivizing them to expand their businesses and create new jobs.

So on its face, the question is misleading. Is economic growth the best anti-poverty program? Who cares? Both sides purport to create economic growth in basically the same way: by injecting cash. Both sides agree that we need to help the poor. The real question is: can a supply-side (i.e. tax breaks for the job creators) create such greater economic recovery than the demand side (i.e. handing poor people money to buy bread) that it obviates the need to spend the money on the poor in the first place?

Since you asked, I will provide my own argument.

No. When you give tax-breaks or subsidies to the poor, they spend them. Immediately. When you get cash to buy bread for your kid, you buy it, right now. And you spend all of it, thereby maximizing the money multiplier. 
But when you hand the exact cumulative sum of cash to any wealthier group, you run the risk of greater savings and therefore lesser impact on the economy. Further, the rich have savings (off-shore accounts) that circumvent an added benefit that the poorer cannot: revenue recouped from taxes. If you spend the money on bread, the sales tax goes back to the government. If you spend the money on intellectual properties in the Middle East, the government will never see a dime. Also, the demand side spending can be used to promote positive externalities, parts of the economy that benefit society in ways that aren't reflected in the price. For example, we could use that same money to start a shovel-ready project for starving artists. The tangible gains in terms of the art produced could be considered recouped losses, in the same way that the taxes could. 
But at the most basic level, I think the greatest disconnect is that of income inequality. The metaphor "a rising tide lift all boats" does not apply because the economy does not lift the boats equally or some at all. The measure of a society is not how it treats the most powerful, but how it treats its poorest, least opportune. The social mobility we know as the American dream is not free; it requires investment to create opportunity. Both sides know this. When we give money to Starbucks to expand, citizens get to work at Starbucks. True, they're not in poverty. But what if we put that same money toward producing the human capital in the first place, for example using that money to subsidize student loans? It stimulates the economy equally (perhaps greater by way of the money multiplier) and we no longer have a barista, but a scientist, doctor, teacher, lawyer, President.  




 I'm with you a hundred percent. And I'd like to add that post-conviction law is a clusterfuck, an absolute quagmire. For example, "innocence" is not covered under the writ of habeas corpus. And even though you have the right to an attorney (re: the FPD), many of the motions you would have to make to the state post trial are lawyer-less, which means that a totally innocent albeit completely crazy guy with a crap lawyer has no chance of successfully filing an appellate brief within the statute of limitations without even the help of the crap lawyer. 
But I will argue on one minor point, that evidence tampering or corruption falls on the defending lawyer. All lawyers swear an oath to protect justice above all else, and this includes the prosecutors. That's why a lawyer is ethically bound not to tell lies even when its in his/her client's best interest.  If there is suspicion of corruption, it is the duty of EVERYONE, be it defense or prosecution or judge, to uphold the ethical obligations of the court, meaning that neither prosecution nor defense may legally make an argument under the ethics provisions regarding the "fair game" of foul play simply because the system is designed to be antagonistic. 




 I'm pointing out what a condescending douche you are. You claim to have special knowledge about the law or economics, but you're just a bullshitter. By definition, that is not how fiat money works. You're just a homophobic, xenophobic low-information voter. And that you could reread the most fucked up posts of your internet past and not see anything wrong tells me that you have no interest in actually putting in the hard work to learn these subjects in the first place, even when somebody conveniently points out your mistakes to you.  




 I have. Are you suggesting that your interpretation of the Constitution is more valid than the Supreme Court? Robert's reasoning is a non-issue. 

This is just a practiced stupidity. Regardless of partisan belief, one cannot claim that the law is unconstitutional. It'd be like arguing that some squares are circles. By simple a priori logic, a law upheld by the SCOTUS must be constitutional unless the ruling is reversed or the Constitution amended.  




 Coulda said acute e pi 




 sees 
























 I concede the point. 

That's not to say that feminism doesn't help men. If my wife/girlfriend/sister/daughter makes less money than me for doing the same work, our household suffers. But I will absolutely agree that radical sexists have co-opted the feminist brand, so much so that the incorrect argument that feminism obviates men's rights activism might be the inherent, systemic problem you describe. 

If AARP started protesting NAACP, they would be wrong. But whose responsibility is it to set it right? Should I stop calling myself a feminist? Should I concede the movement to sexists? 

A sick institution is an institution that needs its best people most. I choose to stay, to be one such person. 

Perhaps you will, too. 









 I, too, applaud you for rational discourse.

But I will argue against you on a few points. This woman is using the points made by a few stupid people to argue against completely unrelated ideas. Should the fact that feminazis exist preclude the argument that there is a broader legal battle over a woman's right to choose her own surgeries? That would be like saying that because misogyny exists we should disregard addressing men-dying-in-the-workplace issues.

You are totally right: men dying in the workplace is a gendered issue that deserves an immediate, organized response. Let me be the feminist that agrees with you that women have it nice in a lot of ways. Why must a feminist organization also be a men's rights organization? Simply because both causes are right does not mean all political movements must address them simultaneously. The NAACP is a generally good organization that supports good causes. Its contemporary, the AARP, is a generally good organization that supports good causes. Both movements exists to actuate different political agendas even though they stem from the same philosophy: equality under the law.

Not that I support your ousting of the FMLA. It would benefit the feminist image greatly if we could make public gestures of good faith toward men, rather than creating political enemies at the expense of our most important agendas: equality under the law and a major cultural attitude shift toward women.

But to your point that feminism encourages feminazis: I must vehemently disagree. Feminist organizations might attract feminazis, but do they create them? Do men's rights groups necessarily create misognynists?

As a man who recently suffered a major, life-changing electrical workplace accident while working in lighting and grip on set, I know we have some common ground: equality, legal fairness, justice. Perhaps instead of trying to change each other's respective movements, we can simply both join each other's proverbial NAACP and AARP. 

OP is not on your side; instead, she is against us both. OP's anti-feminist rationale can be turned into anti-men's rights rhetoric. "Pro-women" does not have to mean "demonize men," in the same way that "pro-men" does not have to demonize women. I am "an adult who is capable of taking responsibility for my own actions." That does not mean I don't need people like you to fight for my rights in the workplace. 

We have a common enemy: ignorance, and though we might disagree on the best way to combat it, let's not be seduced by hate or buy into the rhetoric that we must be diametrically opposed.  




 I am a male feminist. The female feminists I know give me great respect for the contributions/sacrifices I've made. In fact, it is in the name of those male feminists who worked so hard to give this privileged woman the rights she enjoys (e.g. the vote) that we object. Do you think that Parker Pillsbury would say we don't need feminism anymore because he wasn't getting the credit he deserves? 




 Also, let's not forget the more difficult objective of feminism: changing the cultural attitudes of society. 

I didn't really go into what a huge sexist my mom's boss was. He believed women were essentially non-humans, existing solely for his own purposes. His marriage was definitely not a partnership, more like a master-slave relationship. She was basically his baby maker. He had no respect for women and he treated his female workers with disdain and hate.

The guy is barely pushing 45. It doesn't make sense that he should be so sexist. It's not like he grew up in a society where women were second class citizens. But for some reason he still finds it okay to treat women in a way he would never treat a man. Feminism can't just create a society where everybody thinks sexism is wrong. It must immunize the organized system of recourse so that when sexism does return, it can be stopped immediately.


But back to my original point about cultural attitudes. This seems to be the front where feminism is losing the most ground, mostly due to a few fringe crazies who have co-opted the word. The most powerful weapon against sexism is the feminist him/herself. It's hard to be a sexist when your best friends hate you for being such a bastard. Feminism's real goal is not to make it illegal for my sister to make less money than me for the same job; rather, it is to create a world where nobody would even think to pay her less.

Feminism is not just about punishing people like my mom's boss. It's about stopping him from becoming the monster he became in the first place. 




 Egalitarianism isn't a movement. Martin Luther King, Jr, didn't lead the egalitarianism movement; rather, he was a leader in the black civil rights movement.

What if I put it like this? "God exists" is a belief or philosophy. Catholicism is a movement, an organized, politically motivated group of people who are trying to actuate an agenda in the world, and they usually agree on things like "we should help the poor." That doesn't mean that all Catholics just discard Catholicism and become (idk religionists?) just because some Catholics went off the fucking deep end.

In the same way, egalitarianism is a belief or philosophy: we ought to treat everyone fairly under the law. Feminism is a movement, an organized, politically motivated group that tries to actuate a certain agenda, usually "women should be treated equally under the law." That doesn't mean that some feminists don't go off the fucking deep end, but it doesn't mean that I should stop being a feminist. 




 Because in any other context (e.g. business, the executive branch, or legislative branch) she would be protected under the title 9 discrimination and whistle blower laws. 

Listen, I hear you, bud. There's no better way to get somebody to listen up than to scream "discrimination." We both agree that discrimination is bad; therefore, regardless of whether you think my mom was discriminated against, if we can agree that as a matter of the law, in the judiciary, there are no protections for discrimination under title 9, then we can both agree that there is a problem. 




 My sister has diabetes type 1. She really really really needs this. Can't wait until its available. 




 Who did your sound and does he/she want to work on a pilot? 




 Sure. In fact, you can already get Viagra under your employer's insurance.  




 Not true, mate. Feminism is helping my little sister get paid the same as me for the same job done. That's modern feminism and equality. 
 




 For now. In some states it takes hours in any direction to get to the facilities for an abortion. And we still seem to have difficulty accepting birth control as a healthcare issue that ought to be covered under an employer's insurance. 




 This sort of argument works in a vacuum but fails in real life. 

How is one person supposed to stop discriminatory pay? That's clearly a job for (and is already mandated by) government and its laws. How is my sister supposed to "take responsibility" for making less money than I do for the same job? That's an unjust society problem that requires a society dedicated to fixing it. 




 #4. Why should feminists be defined by their worst? Is the face of white people the KKK? This is little more than a straw man argument by punning on the word feminism. Do some fringe crazies define themselves as feminists? Sure. But is that really what an informed argument about a complex trend in American politics should be based on? Of course not. Is that even what the girl in the picture is arguing? Clearly not. 


Unless you want to argue that feminism necessarily creates Feminazis, it's time for the straw man of "this crazy person said something sexist so I'm no longer a feminist" to go away.  




 Fair enough. But let's not use ambiguities and subtle differences in ideology among members to pun on the word feminist as that would do nothing but obfuscate the central arguments. Not all feminists support tax benefits for women on maternity leave. But we can agree that pretty much all feminists can rally against unequal, discriminatory pay.



I bring up the difference not to split hairs, but to clarify the argument made in the picture. This woman is clearly not just against the crazy Nazi feminists. The "war" she describes is likely a reference to the shifting legal landscape over a woman's right to choose which surgeries she may or may not have, how her healthcare is paid for, etc. 



The lady in this picture is spreading ignorance. Feminism doesn't demonize men; it demonizes an unjust system. Feminists do take responsibility for their actions and they demand that everyone be held responsible equally under the law for their actions. And if she wants to support a war on civil liberties, then she is part of that unfair system.



My mom was just discriminated against in her work. She was fired because she accidentally caught her boss banging his secretary out of wedlock. Unfortunately, in much the same way that the military is set up, the judiciary creates its own rules, independent of title seven in the civil rights act of 1964. That means that even if she could get her day in court, which she was denied, and could prove her case, which would be difficult, then the ultimate decision about what would happen to her boss would be up to the guy that hired him in the first place. 


Needless to say, my mom was denied her day in court before she was allowed to present any evidence, merely on the grounds that the judge (the guy who hired her philandering boss) refused to hear the case. 


This is why we need feminism.



So let's not pettifog over who is or is not a feminist; pretty much everybody agrees what constitutes a feminist argument, with some deviation on the fringes. 
























 The consensus here seems to be that these are poor arguments on an important topic. What could we do to strengthen the arguments?

Definitions: 

Person: a rational, living actor.

Suicide: the intentional act of ending one's life.

Assisted suicide: planned euthanasia with the intent to lessen harm to both actor, assistant, and those affected afterwards.

Framework 1: Suicide harms others, and since you have the infinitely valuable opportunity to not hurt them, you should willfully elect to suffer through. 

Assumptions: 

All people have the universal right not to be harmed. A rational person will want to do what he/she "should" do by definition because from reason we derive ethics, the study of what we "should" do. An ethical life is not necessarily a happy one.

Conclusion:

Therefore, it is our obligation and opportunity to shield others from harm, regardless of cost.

Problems: What about assisted suicide? We find ourselves in a paradox whereby each rational actor wants to lessen the pain of the other. By the same logic we could argue that a doctor who won't assist in a suicide infringes on someone's right to be least harmed.

Framework 2: All people have an absolute right to their own bodies.

Assumptions: 

Rights exist and come from reason. Inalienable human rights are by definition universal to all humans and are self-evident. 

Conclusion:

Jump, your have a right to kill yourself even if it harms others.

Problems: The universality and existence of human rights may or may not be self-evident. 

Framework 3: We can't know/Might makes right/etc

Assumptions: There are no rules. There is only what a man can do and what he will do.

Conclusion: Get to killing yourself while you still can.

Problems: This leaves us in a society of concentrated, arbitrary power.

Framework 5: Society should cure their ills or send them off.

Assumptions: Rights don't come from God or reason; rather they come from human decision to give up ruthless materialism for benevolent mutual cooperation. If rights exists, then that necessarily imposes obligations on society to help its weakest members. 

Conclusion: The living actors cooperate to decide who needs what more, whether that means death or a live person.

Problems: Obviously, this doesn't cover what happens when the negotiations come to a standstill.

Anyway, can we come up with better arguments and settle on an answer?

 




 Hey docs,

A while ago I was in a crazy electrical accident on set. I was zapped by an 18,000 watt light at about 250 volts.
The producers took me to the hospital, and the doctor noticed low heart rate, about 30 bpm. They released me after an EKG. I had minor burns on my fingers that healed right up. Since then, I've had every scan imaginable and I've seen all the specialists.


I'm fine now, but I wanted to crowdsource the amazing group-knowledge of the internet and see if any of you could shine some light on some weird side-effects.

Immediately after the injury, I started to see inexplicable fog that nobody else could see. It was very scary because I was also a cinematographer, and I rely on my eyes for my job. And to make matters scarier, the fog was sort of magic. It felt like I was walking through a dream. Not quite real. The fog would come and go as would the feeling of unreal-ness.

Separate from the episodes of unreal-ness, I could, and still can, see colors that didn't exist prior to the accident. They seemed super pronounced just after the accident, but I think that's because I was just not used to them like I am now. Music has changed too, to a lesser extent, but I can't describe it as well as I can with the colors because unlike with cinematography I'm unlearned in sound engineering.

I know this isn't a place for real medical advice to replace the doctors, but all the doctors and specialists have given me the same answer: "We don't know." So if there ever was a time for wild quackery, or unsubstantiated theories, now would be the time.

Thanks 




 I was once zapped by a 20k cine light on set at about 250 volts. 30 milliamps can kill you. I got 20,000. 

I have asthma and it caused my heart to grow big without my knowing, causing me to have a really low bpm, usually about 30 at rest. Anyway, the shock hit me between beats so I'm still good.  




 Greenpeace argues for government intervention; she does not. If Greenpeace wanted the market for whale products to stop, outside of making whaling expeditions illegal or implementing a Pigouvian tax, they would have to change the demand for whaling products, which means getting people to vote with their dollar. 

Inherent in her argument is that there is a demand for women-positive games, which is to say that it would be profitable for a firm to produce media products that she would not need to critique or boycott. 

The responses are suggesting that if such an untapped market existed, the big companies would probably have already profited from it. 

So maybe the problem isn't evil, sexist game companies lying about how hard it is to animate female characters. Maybe the problem is that responsible suppliers can't afford to invest in socially conscious games because the demand is so far nonexistent.  




 She's not trying to change the laws, though. She just wants the market to correct itself. From an economics perspective, there are two ways to solve a market inefficiency, outlaw it in the cases like slavery and tax it in the cases like cigarettes. But she's not suggesting either of those. She's not suggesting affirmative action for video games or taxing non-representative games. She's not even suggesting a subsidy for games that represent women fairly.

(Quick note: though there are other ways for the government to fix market inequalities, like PSA's to change popular opinion, those do not require changing the rules of a free market.)

What she really wants is for the market to magically correct itself. And there are only two ways to do that: change the market with your dollar or become a supplier who caters to the ignored market. 

What is sexist media? Having a game, movie, or book from a male perspective is not sexist. (Harry Potter) Having a game, movie, or book with a sexist protagonist is not sexist. (Tom Sawyer, Anchorman, Clockwork Orange, GTA) Sexism in the media is when the inherent argument is harmful to women (Barbie, Snow White, some of the early Bond films).  If we want people to take feminism seriously, we need to adopt a better model of social criticism. Sexist suppliers may exist, but when an entire market is sexist, you know there's something else going on: a demand side cultural sexism. 

So let's assume we've identified a sexist form of media. There are two things for a person like @femfreq to do: change the cultural perceptions and change the marketplace. The media marketplace is not our culture, it is merely a reflection of our culture. To argue otherwise is to give undo and unobserved power to the suppliers. Change the culture first, and the market will respond. 

And the most effective way to do that is to critique sexism publicly, appointing blame to those who deserve it. The message should be this: "If you buy sexist games, you support sexism; therefore, you are a sexist," instead of "gahhh! all these evil game companies are invading our minds with their sexism cuz they hatez wymynz." It's a subtle distinction, but important. 

The above points are captured eloquently in the above link, but it's very supply-side, so let's make the distinction that you don't have to be multinational media conglomerate to change the media. You just have to vote with your dollar.  




 Genius. I had no idea. Thanks a ton. 




 The Gospel according to George R R Martin.
He dies and comes back, so George kills off everyone in the world that you like. 




 http://i.imgur.com/thbygzZ.jpg 




 No, but being a whiny, entitled little bitch is not necessary.

Don't give me a lecture on how oppressed you are or how unfair the system is. If you don't want to be part of the project, then just fuck off already.  




 This guy needs a reality check. Whether the music is valuable to the company, or whether he worked hard on it, or whether it cost him a lot to gain the skills to create it is completely irrelevant. It doesn't matter what you *should* get paid. If you're feeling underpaid, go work somewhere else.

Negotiating is about exploiting shared interests. Am I supposed to get up in arms because some company made him an offer he didn't like?

As someone who has spent literally thousands of hours working for free, from hauling dolly equipment through the god-forsaken desert to getting shot in the face with synthetic puke from a real life mud cannon, I ask, "Where is your artistic integrity?"  For some of us, it's not about the bottom line; it's about working on a project we believe in with people we love. 




 If I want to play an Xbox game, I have to buy an Xbox, and even then I won't be able to play any of my PS3 games on it. Why don't I have to buy a Lionsgate-box to play Lionsgate DVD's?
 
Can this be modeled or explained?

Thanks in advance.

Edit: Yeah, obviously I understand the limitations in terms of format (re: why can't an xbox play PS3). What I'm really looking for is why the market evolved like that. Microsoft owns the xbox console, which gives it power over the home distribution of its games. Why doesn't this model of distribution work for other media markets? 




 upvote for username 









 I disagree, but up vote for a convincing argument.

Sure, feminism is very female centric. But must all organizations that agree with each other take the same steps? Put another way, if feminists were so interested in egalitarianism, why don't they campaign for black civil rights issues? Further, should we refrain from participating in organizations that do not actuate every single one of our values? 

Let me put it like this. I am a man. I support men's rights activists. For example, I was recently in a major workplace accident. 92-95% of workplace accidents happen to men. This is likely due to a subtle form of discrimination as a result of a mentorship program. In an industry where you are going to be spending a lot of time with whomever you train, men train their best male friends and women train their best female friends. By this logic, there is a natural (if probably immoral) semi-chosen segregating process into certain male or female dominated industries. My best friend went into grip and electric, a male-dominated department that happens to have above average incidences of catastrophic injury. I support the men's rights activists who are combating this problem.

At the same time, I am a family man. When my little sister makes less money than I do for the same job, our household suffers. I support the feminist activists who are combating this problem.

I can be both feminist and men's rights activist because my overarching philosophy is egalitarianism, but in order to actuate this philosophy, we have to design our organizations strategically by the issues we face. Feminist activists face issues separate and apart from men's right activists. That doesn't mean that we can't face both issues; it just means that we're part of two movements that are linked philosophically.

 




 Saw you on Bill Maher. Really funny.

As an executive producer for a bunch of shows, you know a bunch of stuff that I want to suck out of your brain with a vacuum. I'm directing a 22 minute pilot for my senior thesis at LMU. When it's done, what's the smartest way to get it pitched, seen, and on TV? 
























 Which is better: cinematography or painting?

It's obviously cinematography for temporality. 




 That comic is freakin' hilarious.

Thanks for everything, guys.

[This](http://i.imgur.com/jgFMNDq.jpg) is a picture of me after reading your comments. 




 Dammit to hell. I gave those bastard cigarette companies my social security number to get in and the damn freebie expired 




 One more question. How does this relate to the phlebotinum-y magic of the movie? Is it a question of extent of magic the female characters have? Is it a question of which powers? I'm assuming [Hermione Granger](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_p-2MjK8LOBo/TPMprYVpKdI/AAAAAAAACV4/gyfbs-KDkSg/s1600/02_emma_watson.jpg) works. Even [Merida] (http://hd.wallpaperswide.com/thumbs/brave_4-t2.jpg) from *Brave* and [Katniss](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/10/29/article-2479240-1910EB4E00000578-646_634x475.jpg) from *Hunger Games* had semi-supernatural archery powers. 

Obviously I'm trying to avoid [the chick from Indiana Jones who gets on the elephant backwards](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7011/6513048825_9ce60893f5.jpg), but does that mean I can't give my female characters special powers? 

If I were to write "a person" I would assume that as long as the central conflict is not solved with the phlebotinum (e.g. Marty McFly has to teach his dad to stand up to bullies before he can travel back to the future) and the character is properly motivated in the first place, then we wouldn't have an issue. But I've never considered an imbalance in male/female superpowers before. 




 copy. thanks
 




 Gotcha. Something like [this](http://tinyurl.com/plwzsd9)? 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/Tpdhf5Z.jpg) 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/UoH1tuW.jpg?1) 




 Hey guys, this might be a dumb question, but I'm a male screenwriter and I clicked on this link to get a different perspective. That said, I'm not 100% on what this means. Could you clarify?  




 Again, you manage to eloquently condense a lifetime into a few words. As a well-intentioned friend, I mean only to help, and so you should perceive this not as a critique of your decision, but an observation into how it is made. 

Is she the cause of her problems? Is she too afraid to address them? Does she refuse to acknowledge some of them at all? Does she run away from her troubles with her dad when she stays at her mom's house? Long story short, does she want to make peace with her dad or not and does she choose not to?

These are natural questions to ask. But let me reword them.

What if your good friend said you were the cause of *your* problems? What if he insisted he knew better than you how to run *your* life? Even if his decision was right and your decision was wrong, is he likely to change your mind?

Would you feel blamed? Would you feel under attack? Would you resent your friend for judging you without really understanding? 

Perhaps the distance and stress is not coming from her, but you. This is not a judgement: I mean to suggest only another option, another way of doing things that I bring up only because you may not know it exists yet.

What if you stood by her anyway? Consider saying, "This is your life and your decision. I can provide help and guidance when necessary, but no matter what I will 100% support and love you unconditionally." Would she make dumb decisions and hurt herself? Yes, but they will be her own mistakes and she'll survive because she'll have you to fall back on.

Emotions are complex, and decisions based on emotions can be even more so because an observer may not know exactly what went into that decision. Though we may objectively agree that it was wrong, incorrect, maybe even stupid, it is worth noting that the emotion behind it is not. That emotion is totally valid. And until you can understand that emotion, you will be unable to understand why she does what she does and therefore unable to change the destructive behavior.

I wish you the best of luck, and if you ever require further assistance, we will try to be there for you.

I'll leave you with this: Is there any force on Earth, some sort of awful, deeply personal hell, that could drive you to seek relief at the hands of an aggressively abusive alcoholic? Does such a force exist for your girlfriend?  




 Something about this tone rubs me the wrong way.

Some people really do need to wait for a doctor to "appear on their white horse with a cure." You would never say this to a schizophrenic. Depression definitely have chemical elements. 

I'm glad to hear that your depression/anxiety is cured, but don't generalize for everybody. Some people physically can't cure themselves.  




 I can only give my own experiences/insights into depression, and they may or may not apply to the broader population.

I find the argument that because we haven't cured something, then we aren't going to is unconvincing. Neurobiology is an exploding field right now. Check out the new research into [TMS therapy](http://neurostar.com/neurostar-tms-depression-treatment/).

But that wasn't really one of the two cases involved so let's get into those.

Strong case: 

Yes, you are absolutely correct: getting depressed people to function normally despite feeling terrible is not a cure at all. But that doesn't mean we have to give up there. Just because a bunch of doctors don't understand what a real cure would look like doesn't mean that we should give up looking for a cure.

Weak case: 

Yes, people vary. And yes, it takes a long time to cure. But this argument only works within the framework that x ailment can be assuaged with y pill. When it comes to depression, y is less like a pill and more like a bunch of overarching techniques like mindfulness, therapy, mental illness education, familial/friend support, and, yes, chemical medication.  




 TL;DR: yes to both. 

I worked in homeless services in CA for years. The US gov gives out clothing, food, water, and housing for free to those who need them. Not as like a charity thing; rather as a government, from our taxes, thing. 

These markets are just like the healthcare market in that *some* food is a human right, but eating at Gordon Ramsey's every night is not. We have a single payer system for the parts that are basic human rights and leave the luxury, tasty parts for the markets.  




 I find this view to be observer-centric rather than experience-centric.

I am male and when I was thirteen, I was sexually assaulted by two men. 

I went to a Catholic school that worked tirelessly to kill the story. The principal bullied witnesses, shamed me publicly, and ultimately declared that I was faking the whole thing. It did happen, and I have nothing to gain by anonymously lying to you right now.I was an eighth grader and it was in May, so I was two months away from graduation. 

Imagine you are tween me. 

Does being forcibly sexually assaulted by a man make me gay? 

How am I supposed to tell anybody this secret? 

How am I supposed to prove this when the only other witnesses were the aggressors? 

Can I win the PR campaign against my teachers?

What about my principal? 

What about among my peers? 

What's going to happen on the playground?

Did I fight hard enough while it was happening? 

Was it weak of me that I didn't know how to fight harder? 

What am I gonna do now?

Now we can see the difference between observer-centric and experience-centric. An observer can make the claim that "one ought to fight against bad people so you can protect future victims." One who has been in that situation knows that fighting is a process, not an action, one that never ends. 

For example, you can start the process by telling somebody, which is hard. Then you can continue the process by filing a police report, which is hard. You can spend the resources toward a civil suit you'll never win. Consider being grilled publicly over the worst experience of your life by a professional attorney. And you're a kid. That's hard. And lastly, you can go on with your life and live it to the fullest, which is the hardest of all.

So let me put forth the argument that "reporting the assault to the authorities" is arbitrary and meaningless, really just another way of saying "I reported it and now it's somebody else's problem to ignore." Who were the authorities in my case? An adult? My parents? My teachers? The principal? The cops? Our lawyer? The real problem is not just reporting, it's in controlling the story. Do victims have a responsibility to stand up against evil? Yes, but at some point all sexual assault victims have to make a decision where their responsibility to future victims ends and where their responsibility to pick up their broken lives begins.
 




 Hey, bud. Eloquent post, difficult problem.

As have you, I've battled depression for a long time now, coming on five years since I was even diagnosed. And as you have probably noticed, it's difficult for us to get any real advice from most people, who are generally too afraid to get involved or simply don't have the skills necessary to do more help than harm. Even those with the proper training often have a detached, sterile, clinical non-speak about them, a sort of intellectual deflector shield that keeps them from truly understanding us. 

But people who *will* understand you *do* exist. And I think I might be one of them. 

For example, I have a dreadful relationship with the flat emotions thing you described. For me, and maybe you, it wasn't quite sadness, and it definitely wasn't happiness. It was more like nothingness. If this is as what you are describing, then you are far from alone as most people who develop depression experience it at some point. I like to think of it as an emergency shut off valve on your body. For reasons not fully understood yet, whether they be psychological, physiological, chemical, etc, we only feel sadness. And after a while, your body gets really tired of feeling sad anymore. So it tries to shut off the sadness. But you can't just shut off one emotion. The emergency shut off valve cuts off everything. So really, your body is shielding you from an exhausting, physically difficult strain in the last way it knows how.

And the effect can be counter-productive. It gives the world an alien tint, as though all the colors got turned down. And worse, it isolates us from the only known cure: the people we need most.  So it is a real feat that you managed to stay connected with this girl while the drugs were kicking in, even when your body was demanding that you pull away. This quality, let's call it emotional strength, defines survivors. 

Further, good of you to actually take the meds long enough to get them to kick in. This seems like a minor feat, but to people who understand depression, who know what a massive undertaking it can be to go from bed to bathroom in the middle of a low, this is a real accomplishment. That said, the depression medication buffet is a long and difficult one. It took me years of throwing darts to finally land on a suitable drug. It sucks when you finally decide this particular drug isn't doing it for you, but it's worth it in the long run to get that month-long process started early. And the good news is, we already know you can handle it. 

I'm not a doctor, but I'm a thousand percent confident that any form of suicidal ideation is a sign that you should at least *talk* to your doctor about possibly trying something new. Like immediately. You and I both know what a pain in the ass it is negotiating the mental health system: they're great at emergencies, but terrible at preventing them. DON'T WAIT FOR IT TO BE AN EMERGENCY. Survivors don't wait for help; they demand it.

But let's get back to the central question: should two people with depression be around each other? 

In my experience, the answer is yes. Depression is a difficult and solitary battle that few understand. If you have somebody to talk to, choose to keep that person in your life, even if she's made mistakes. 

So much of depression is as you described in the TL;DR: I have a life that I really want to make work, but I also have to deal with my depression, and if I try to do both I can crash hard-core, but if I only focus on depression and neglect my life, then the depression wins. Let me give you some practical strategies from somebody who's spent a long time in the trenches.

First, control the framework. Depression is a powerful enemy. Few have ever faced off with someone who knew their every weakness, could wage psychological war inside your own head, and anticipate your every move. But what I've found is that beyond all of that, the most important weapon depression has against you is so subtle you can't even tell it's happening. Depression can change your decisions by altering your mindset, and it takes conscious, willful effort to fight this. 

For example, "I can't handle being under such stress anymore and not become suicidal again but she feels like she needs me with her so she can get better." What if we reworded this to "she feels like she needs me to get better because I've handled this sort of stress before"? Not everybody survives what you've survived, and she's acknowledging your accomplishment. 

It feels weird at first, but after a little practice, "I'm torn because I deeply care about her but I also need to take care of myself" can very quickly become "Perhaps I can still feel something after all. Maybe helping someone else will be the vehicle to how I help myself."  

It's like depression jiu-jitsu. Survivors take the dichotomies and impossible situations depression gives them and turns them into opportunities to get better.

Second, hardship can be a helpful tool when combating depression. It gets you outside of your head and on a goal. But notice that hardship and stress are not the same thing. Stress is a combination of hardship and state of mind. Consider the difficulty with this girl. There are perhaps a billion swirling questions attacking your mind at once. What should I do? Is this my responsibility? Can I handle this? All of these are normal parts of dealing with hardships. But notice that they are all taking place in the future. Hardships require a dedicated decision-making process to figure out what you're going to do. Stress takes the future consequences and makes that decision impossible to make. Hardships are things that you can do something about. Stress comes about from amorphous dread about "what will happen if..?" Hardships end. Stress goes on and on and on about how much better you could have done or how inadequate you are. 

So if I can boil my second technique into a few words: think about what you're thinking about right now when dealing with whatever you have to deal with right now. So no matter what you decide regarding this girl, you won't let the impossible stresses that comes with it make you think about suicide because you'll be okay in that one moment right then. 

Lastly, watch out for landmines. Sometimes we set up traps for ourselves to step in later. It's hard to explain because you kinda have to step on them first to really understand them. 

They generally take this form: If ___, then [success or failure]. 

[I only see one landmine in your above post. It's unlikely to ever be a problem, but I thought I should point it out. It's a major bummer, so just skip ahead unless you're ready for a really shitty conversation](/s "In my opinion, the greatest hazard of being depressed and having depressed friends is that they don't always survive. In the same way that she's implicitly saying 'I need you to survive' you might be implicitly accepting that as 'it's my fault if she doesn't make it.' This is obviously logically false, but 'If x dies, then I failed' is VERY difficult to shake and that's coming from hard experience.  Prepare your mindset now so that if you have to deal with the real grief of losing a loved one you won't also have to deal with the extra grief stemming from depression. But that'll probably never happen so don't worry. Review technique 2 if necessary.")

So really, I'm not saying that you shouldn't break up with her, I'm saying that as someone who's dealt with depression for a long time, you shouldn't have to feel like you *have* to break up with her. Dealing with the real world is less like a distraction for dealing with depression and more like an opportunity to win. My advice: depression needs a team to fight, so whether it's this girl or not, get yourself somebody you can confide in. 

You have all the necessary qualities of a survivor, so I'm not worried.


 
























 Breakfast 




 Take one host and ask Jesus to multiply it. I heard he has a neat trick for the wine, too. 




 Can I compliment your username? It seems appropriate for an OB/GYN surgery assistant. 




 Artful, beautiful, classic movies make more money for a production company over the long haul than a stream of bad movies. 




 The Dark Knight Rises. Swear to God. Sometimes it just takes the little victories (hey not yet, that cool new movie is coming out) (hey not yet tomorrow is pancake day) (hey not yet the Daily Show is coming back from break today). I think the question is flawed. When you have depression, nothing suddenly snaps you out of it like the climax of a movie. It's a thousand little victories every day. 




 A paradoxical nope in water: Can't kill it with fire. 




 About ten years ago, I convinced my little brother's best friend that I was adopted. He still believes this.
 




 My roommate had an underwear hanger that he would stick to the door with suction cups. 

First, who dafuq has an underwear *hanger*?

Second, of all the places in the dorm, the very last place your underwear belongs is right in my fuckin' face every time I need to exit our dorm.

Third, those had better be the clean pairs. 




 Is that you, Milton? 









 I'm looking for a product, or designs for a product that I can build for myself, that is going to intentionally inflict pain when I am procrastinating.

In order for this to be viable for my personal use, I need something that ideally:

1) hurts like a bitch on command but will cause no permanent damage

2) can be unobtrusive to wear

3) doesn't get blood everywhere or create a mess of any kind

4) doesn't impede movement, for example it makes no sense to hurt my feet if I'm trying to stop procrastinating on my run.

5) can securely sync with google calendar

6) is cheap

7) can run for a long time without recharging

8) maybe can be physically difficult to get off, but not so difficult as to be impossible in the result of malfunction.



If anybody has any ideas, hit me back. Please don't test prototypes on humans or animals. Thanks
 




 I don't mean to hijack your post, but I might have something valuable to say here.

About two years ago I was in a massive electrical accident. I was working on a film set with a 35 foot green screen draped over an alleyway. Sometimes we do this to make the alley look super long in post. Anyway, We had an 18k and a 12k lighting the scene from behind the green screen. That just means that we had an 18 thousand watt light on a big metal stand right next to a 12 thousand watt light on a slightly smaller metal stand, raised up so they can shoot light over this really big green drape. 

Anyway, it was kinda misty out and some part of the 18k circuit touched the metal body of the light. The electricity traveled down the metal stand, across my chest, and to the other metal stand, to the ground. .002 amps can kill you. I got over 180.

I went into shock. They rush me to the hospital and I get the works: EKG, blood work, even this weird treadmill test. Apparently, I have a really big heart due to my asthma. It makes my heart rate really low, so the shock got me between beats, saving me from heart failure and death.

Anyway, after a few days of recovery, I noticed something odd. Some of the colors in my environment seem odd. Strange. Alien. Like they didn't exist. Couldn't exist. Definitely hadn't existed before. 

I got checked out by a neuroscientist who gave me a buttload more tests. In the end, he concluded that my brain was healthy but that some new neural connections had been made by the electric shock. Your brain works on electricity, generated by chemical reactions. And as the electricity travels down certain paths, the paths get strengthened. So when you practice doing a cartwheel over and over, your brain follows the same neural path over and over until the connections are super strong.

Though most of the electricity went through my chest, some of it made it to my brain, giving me an electrical concussion and manually rewrote some of my neural connections. And however my brain had encoded color got a big dose of "not anymore, bitch."

TL;DR : I see impossible colors that don't really exist. And if you're really want to imagine non-existent colors, you just need to hook yourself to a huge dose of electricity...and live. 




 It's a trap! 




 We know and we don't care. In fact, we don't even buy the food. The production company buys the food and gets paid back by the clients and the clients have no idea because they're never on set. And even if they were, there's no crafty security guard who's gonna shoot you in the dick for eating at crafty. If anything, crafty is there to keep the neighbors from getting pissed off at the extra traffic.  




 I guess the whole point of data based research is to shed light on what people actually believe rather than what you believe people believe because of what you've heard on your travels. You don't need to poll every single person in the US to get a representative sample. The margin of error in the report was only 2.2 percent. 
























