 I generally don't like Vonnegut but if you happen upon his book Cats Cradle it is quite a good read.  




 Does this actually happen? Usually women get ripped the fuck apart on Reddit.  




 I loved her in American Hustle!  




 I don't like most of his movies but Reservoir Dogs was fucking brilliant and one of my favorite movies. 




 I totally agree with you. They are weird. And I don't get it.  




 All I can say is, don't cheat. If you are on the verge of cheating, recommend counseling. If she doesn't want to go to counseling, then tell her something needs to change or you will end the relationship. 

I'm saying this as a woman who was cheated on after being married for five years. It really fucked me up emotionally being cheated on. It's a difficult situation but cheating and getting caught is a horrible thing. You will be the bad guy no matter what.  




 Differences in sex drives are a huge, huge issue. And I found that out the hard way. My husband ended up having an affair because we weren't having enough sex. It ruined the marriage and we divorced. 

There were other problems, sure. But we were not sexually compatible and I was young and didn't realize how important that is. 

Could you see yourself only having sex with your girlfriend once a week? Twice a month? Once every few months? 

It sounds shallow, but I know my husband loved me with all his heart, and he still had the affair and our marriage still ended. It is a big deal.  




 I love this. It's not about the mistakes you make but what you choose to do after those mistakes have been made. 

I divorced my husband after I found out he had an affair and he became bitter towards me and ruined any chance of us still being close. I still miss him but he holds a huge grudge against me for dissolving our marriage. He doesn't understand actions have consequences.  




 I love everything about this picture! I would try not to get upset. Those PUAs are a minority group. My brother is one of them and guess what, dudes not getting laid. They're just bitter assholes. 

Also like everyone else said your hair is amazing and I'm jealous :)  




 My ex had ADD. I did a lot for him, fill out paperwork, help him with school, keep him on a schedule. Then I found out he had an affair. He claimed his ADD made him impulsive which is why he cheated. I'm almost 99% sure that isn't true. It sucks because I loved him and his ADD quirks. Oh well. I read every book I could on ADD and spent time in therapy figuring out how to live with someone with ADD. I'm an expert now!  




 That's horrible. My ex husband did something similar, he had an affair and then told me he didn't feel the same about me anymore. I'm divorced now and trying to move on and date but I don't trust anyone. I feel like I'm going to be alone forever. 

And this only happened three weeks ago? You're taking so well and I feel so stupid for letting it get to me even now after nearly a year.  




 What the fuck? Because you gained 20 pounds? This thread is making me angry! I'm sorry you had to go through that.  




 Well I've actually seen it a bunch of times growing up, my dad watched it a bunch. So... I guess I'm just ignorant of this phenomenon of seeing movies in a theater and yelling out the lines.  




 Like, I get if you want to laugh and have fun. But don't act like you're the only ones there you know?  




 To scream out all the lines? I've seen it before too but I don't see why that excuses people being that obnoxious. Every one else in the theater was silent except for them.  




 I went to see Monty Pythons the Holy Grail in an old theater because why not. This group of kids in front of me said all the lines as they were said in the movie, and then cackled madly. It was fucking obnoxious. Watch it at home if you're going to do that shit.  




 Yeah I'll have to try it!  




 Haha. Sounds like a bunch of bullshit to me.  




 Hm, I admit I have never heard of this woman. What about modern feminists today who are influential? It does seem like with any group, the ones with the most extreme views get heard most often. And that helps no social cause.  




 I keep hearing about all of you gals' FWB situations and I'm curious, how does that happen? I can never find a guy who just wants sex, they always want a relationship. Or they say they just want sex but then later they change their minds. Where do you find them?!  




 I get a weird satisfaction out of pulling the matted clump of hair out of my brush. I have long hair so I have to do this regularly. I used to chase my ex around with it because he was disgusted by it haha!  




 I see your point, but I don't think prominent feminists would disagree with my position.  




 I would call myself a feminist and totally believe she should have been charged with assault at the least. She should absolutely be charged with lying to police. 

I don't think statements about the patriarchy are meant to direct attention away from women being perpetrators of violence. My understanding is that the idea that women are weak and cannot be violent against men is a huge problem, because it allows people like this to get away with assault. But the issue here lies with the fact that police will not believe a man if he says he is assaulted. And why is that? I don't believe it has anything to do with modern feminism making women out to be victims. 

Basically we need to look at solutions. How do we protect both men and women in situations of assault? We need to teach police officers that women are capable of violence so they can be more objective about situations, ie if a dude has bruises and scratch marks and the woman looks fine, don't arrest the GUY. I had a good friend of mine get arrested and was charged with assault, then had to go to AA meetings because his drunk girlfriend decided to have a meltdown and start throwing shit at him and beating him up at a party. He was embarrassed so he didn't tell anyone what was going on until a neighbor called the cops. Dude had a gash on his face because she threw a lamp at him and he got arrested. 

It's just frustrating because I am a feminist and this issue is personal to me. Hope you see where I'm coming from! Regardless of what labels you choose to put on yourself I think we all agree this is a problem (except a few extremists maybe).  




 This happened to my brother too, he always plays as female characters. But he took it way too far and apparently talked to this dude for months pretending to be a woman. Yeah, my brother is weird.  




 I've never heard of that statistic. Do they have information about why the women initiate a divorce?

Even so, asking for a divorce doesn't imply they maliciously set out to ruin a man's life.  




 Haha, that's what my husband's brother told me. I had my suspicions and talked to his brother, he actually laughed and said he would never cheat on me. A week after that I found out. People change. Or they are very good at pretending to be someone else.  




 Divorce statistics just show marriages end. It doesn't imply the woman was responsible. 

I agree that courts favor women in the case of divorce and children. So I could see why a man wouldn't want to get married because of that risk.  




 Totally. I don't want them to be dicks about it, but they could at least acknowledge that yes, I could lose a few pounds, and it's great that I'm trying to be healthier. Oh well!  




 Well, he believes that it is the cause of a lot of problems. Feminism got rid of traditional families for the most part, and so family units aren't as strong with women in the work force. That's just one thing he talks about. I think it's very interesting.

What bothers me about his beliefs is mainly his idea that women are unempathetic predators, who will screw up your life on purpose, take all of your money, and sucker you into children. He doesn't believe women can be monogamous, they are always searching for something better even when they marry. It's very odd considering no women in our family fit that description at all. So who are these mysterious sperm jacking predator women? I'll have to ask him that next time I see him!  




 I think over the years he has become more entrenched, yes. I think the longer he goes without a woman in his life the more he buys into these beliefs. I want him to find a girl. Despite his beliefs he is very family oriented and wants a very traditional family. I personally believe he goes about it in the wrong way.  




 He's in his late 20s. 




 My brother says similar things. He believes a woman's sexual market value goes down as they age, and men's value goes up. I'm not sure how true that is. I think desire is pretty subjective. 




 I don't think people are necessarily owed a reason. But if I wanted to be with a guy and he didn't want me, I think it would be valuable for me to know why. It would definitely hurt to be rejected that way.  




 My brother buys into all of that. He's incredibly intelligent though, so sometimes when I have a talk with him, just me and him, we have rational discussions about feminism, life, women, dating, etc. I think he is into most of it for the shock value.

He still believes feminism is destroying our culture. And I can't change that. I think the best thing to do is to just voice your opinions on it if he brings it up. But if he inevitably decides to keep thinking the way that he does, you can't change that. 

My brother will always be a bit of an oddball but in the end he's my brother. He treats me and my mom with respect (most of the time, anyway). I think he's just going through a hard time because he's had bad experiences with women. He was with a girl once who ended up having a fiance the whole time they saw each other. So I try to listen to him and help him see my way of thinking.  




 This happens to me too. A lot of people tell me, "but you're not fat, why do you need to lose weight?" I don't know if they are just trying to be polite? I have extra weight on me and it's noticeable.  




 My mom does and I think it's weird. Even in winter. It's just unnatural.  




 That's adorable!  




 The cheating was what pushed me to file for divorce, but it was basically a culmination of selfish behaviors on his part. We struggled with a lot. We got married very young and we jumped right into it, we never lived together to figure out each others personalities better before marrying. 

Now that I think about it we weren't very compatible. I just wish we would have realized that and parted ways before he cheated. It hurts quite a lot.  




 I'm doing much better. I had a few months where I didn't want to get out of bed. I felt pretty worthless. But then I started going out with friends and family more. Just being around others helped my mental state a lot. And now everyone tells me I seem much, much happier.  




 Haha. I was pretty young when we met and got married. Infatuation can make you look past a lot of flaws. I'm certainly more cautious now about people.  




 I'm not sure where my depression stems from to be honest with you.  




 Like I've said before, at that point he should have filed for divorce. I'm not sure why people keep saying "what did I expect him to do." 

Cheating is never acceptable. There is a mature way of dealing with sexual incompatibility. I didn't want sex constantly, that is true, but I never stopped loving my husband. I did everything for him, except force myself to be sexual when I couldn't be. In the end he decided constant sex was more important than being with the woman he loved. It was unfortunate. 

I never needed sex in my relationship with him. I was totally fulfilled in other ways. I just wish we had realized that before we got married. I don't blame him for needing sex. But I do feel emotionally damaged from the betrayal. It still keeps me up at night knowing the only one who claimed to love me has hurt me the most in this world. Anyway, thanks for your input.  




 There were times when sex didn't happen at all. But I did try very hard. When the sex didn't happen it was generally because he was very insensitive about it. He'd get upset with me and say a man can only handle rejection so many times. I'm not sure what the right way to handle any of it was.

But you are right about jumping to conclusions about my ex being an ass. There are two sides to every story, and the truth.  




 It's interesting that you make the assumption that I did nothing. I never made that statement. 

I was clinically depressed. That hurt our marriage and our sex life. I saw therapists and doctors, took four different kinds of medication. I lost weight, ate healthier, exercised. We had sex. It wasn't every day, but we had it. I tried very hard. So when I read someone saying that I did nothing, even on the Internet, it hurts. 

He told me even after my efforts it wasn't enough. He needed sex every day, he needed me to be wet for him, which is something I couldn't do. My body just wasn't responsive. I could give blowjobs. But he didn't want that. 

I asked him why he stayed married to me if it was such a problem. He said he loved me, wanted to see me through it all. But in the end he was wrong. He needed constant sex to validate himself. 

I hope you understand my situation more. Maybe in the future you can not jump to conclusions. 




 I think that's pretty unfair. I had my own issues. I couldn't get physically aroused, and so when we had sex it was extremely painful. 

Regardless of what happened, cheating is not the response to a problem. If he felt we were sexually incompatible he should have left. 

I don't need validation from people on the Internet. I just hope eventually you learn to look at people with more empathy.  




 He should have had the balls to end the relationship before plowing another woman. Lol. It's pretty obvious.  




 Wow! I remember I went to a therapy session about a week after he had told me about his affair. After the session I tried to talk to my husband about everything and he looks at me and says, "When are you going to get over this?" A week after! Some people just need a good punch in the balls.  




 I really appreciate you making this post. I have been battling depression for a while and I too have been going on walks. I live in a big city so it's harder to find quiet spaces, but I still enjoy myself. Some days I still want to lay in bed all day and mope, but the days I get out are really nice.  




 I am also a tiny apartment dweller. I like to sneak over to my parents house during the day to use their hammock and drink their beer!  




 Haha! Right?  




 I got that reaction too. He also had issues with me not being "comfortable" enough for him in bed. He had issues with me because I wouldn't let him go down on me. Well, the girl he cheated on me with sure liked it, which I guess is a good enough reason to throw a five year marriage away. 

Good on you for leaving that situation. I've been depressed for God knows how long and every day he isn't in my life I feel better emotionally.  




 We weren't having sex because I was diagnosed with depression and was on medication. He thought I was being selfish by denying him sex. He had little ability to empathize. There was no perfect situation possible. I wasn't going to magically fix my depression and get my libido back. So he chose to cheat. 




 Just chiming in, my ex husband told me before he cheated that he wasn't getting enough sex and that he would look elsewhere. It didn't help anything. So what, I'm supposed to fuck him just so he doesn't go off and screw people other than his wife? It made me less likely to want to be intimate. And in the end he did cheat. And in the end we got divorced.  




 I was cheated on 8 months ago by my husband of 5 years. I know your pain. It sucks because when I asked him, "Didn't you think about how I would feel?" He said he didn't even think about me at all. We're divorced now but I'll always carry that emotional baggage. If you need to talk to someone I'm here.  




 I agree with this, although for me intense cardio workouts made me anxious initially, so I would build up to that point. Even something as simple as a walk helps calm me down.  




 It's beautiful! I want to make one :) 




 I can understand what you are saying. But I think a lot of your emotions are misplaced. But maybe that's based on my general ignorance on the topic of fat acceptance. I don't believe overweight people want society to start telling them they are healthy, or society to say, it's okay, it's out of your control. I think they just want empathy. I also think they want it to be socially acceptable for people to be overweight, in that people look at it as a lifestyle choice rather than a fault in their moral character. 

Now, I'm not sure how I feel about that. I don't believe you are morally worse because you are obese. If I see an obese person I admit I do believe they have an emotional problem that makes them eat to excess. And maybe that's wrong, I don't know. I don't think anyone chooses to be overweight as a lifestyle. Why would you? But maybe they just want others to stop shaming them. 

I think, especially on Reddit, we make a lot of assumptions about someone's character if they are overweight. Lazy and stupid come to mind. And we make those types of comments even when the person's weight isn't the focus of a post. We take pictures of fat people and mock them. Just for existing and being overweight. And I think that's wrong. 

It's a complicated issue and I'll stop rambling now haha. Thanks for replying to me. I find a lot of the time on here I want to have a discussion with someone who has an opinion different from mine but it usually never happens! So thanks.  




 I agree completely. I can't imagine how difficult it must be to be overweight or obese, especially because I believe that in a lot of cases they turn to eating to relieve stress. 

The amount of anger I see on Reddit over obese people is astounding.  




 My question wasn't rhetorical either. I really, really want to understand why someone would become this angry.  




 Hm. I guess I still don't see how you believe she is blaming you. She's coming off as defensive and I don't believe she is right when she says you cannot tell someone is healthy or not by looking at them. 

But I don't believe she blames anyone for her actions. She's upset that, in her mind, people want to make it a moral obligation to be thin. Or she calls it healthism, for whatever reason. And I agree that would not be a good thing. 

I guess what rubs me the wrong way about all of this fat shaming stuff is that people seem absolutely, insanely furious that some people would be fat and deny that they had any part in becoming fat. Now, I don't have statistics on this, but I do not think most overweight people truly believe they are not responsible in some way for being overweight. For the few that do, what's the big deal? A relative of mine claims he can't control himself when he drinks to excess. I roll my eyes. 

I mean, where does the anger originate? Are you worried that suddenly being fat will become acceptable and we'll all eat ourselves to extinction? Because I think right now there is still overwhelming social pressure to be thin. And I can't see that changing.  




 Are we the same person?  




 I need to join this club too!  




 You seem pleasant. How did she shift the blame onto you for her weight? I don't see that in the exchange.  




 I agree with her other point that we don't question whether a thin person is healthy or not. My friend was crazy thin but ate like shit and had high cholesterol and high blood pressure. No one asked her about that. But I think if you're fat we think you're open to scrutiny and can judge them based on their health decisions.  




 Why? Why would what this woman thinks infuriate you? I don't feel like it really affects you in any way. I don't think she is correct in her statement, but it certainly didn't infuriate me. 




 I don't think most women who have children stay at home with them, they usually have careers. I want kids but fuck if I'm going to be bored out of my mind as a stay at home mom haha.  




 Let's do it!  




 That's how I am, and I feel like there's something wrong with me. I like to masturbate but I don't really enjoy sex. I'm attracted to guys and I like doing physical things like touching but not penetrative sex. I feel weird about it and it's ended past relationships :( 




 This same shit happened to me. Guess what? He never contacted me again. 

But if he's telling the truth ignore how jaded I am!  




 This gif makes me so happy.  




 I don't have many friends either. That sounds awesome!  




 It's such bullshit that they're pushing this idea of perfection on us. Like, perfection is having a thigh gap? No. 




 Yeah, trust me, I know I gained weight. No one needs to tell me lol. 




 That's really awesome advice. I have anxiety as well and was super nervous on a date last night and couldn't pin point why. I think it's just what you said, I was excited and I misinterpreted the physical feelings for anxiety and panic. But despite all of that the night was awesome and we're going on a second date! So it's worth it to push past your anxiety! 




 This is one the best gifs ever. I love Potter Puppet Pals! 




 Motherfucking potpourri?! Who gives a flying fuck about potpourri. God dammit.  




 I must have zero imagination then. I hated dolls and any time I got one I'd look at it confused and then go read a book.  




 Ugggh that's so true. I don't know who got it worse, me having gained weight, or my brother, for having ridiculously long hair. I'd rather have people comment on my long hair than weight...sob.  




 My friend has people who ask her "what are you" but they are generally referring to if she is a boy or a girl. She looks pretty androgynous. Still, wtf? What kind of person goes up to someone and asks, "what are you, a girl or a boy?" Rude.  









 Good lord. That's all kinds of messed up. Glad we're both rid of the trash :)  




 [Yeah!](http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140125042410/sistersgrimm/images/b/b3/High_Five.gif) 





























 Lol I saw a dude posing with a dead deer. Like...I guess that's cool. Then I get dudes posing with guns and/or their car. Classy. 




 That's...that's amazing. 




 There is a communication breakdown here. She clearly does not want you running with this girl. Has she explained that to you? What she's doing is punishing you for running with this girl in an effort to get you to stop, when she should just explain how it makes her feel.

If she did something similar with a guy, how would you feel? If she point blank asked you to stop running with the girl, would you?

A lot of people in the thread are calling her a bitch and a jealous cunt and I really feel like it's unfair. Every relationship has to deal with jealousy to some extent. You need to talk to her about this.  




 I really like your quote, "There is strength in solitude." Lately I have been focusing on being okay with myself and learning how to deal with my emotional issues on my own. When I tried to open up to others, I never felt like it did anything and I ended up just regretting opening up. I kind of had the epiphany that in the end we are alone, but that I was okay with it. 




 Ugh the same thing happened to me when I was making a little cat cave with super thick yarn. My hands were totally destroyed and my damn cat wouldn't even go in it! AJDKSJFS 




 Aha best gif ever! 




 Ahaha my mom does this all the time. My grandma and me are in a war with my mom against bad photos. 




 Okay, so I think there's three options here.

1.) She doesn't realize feminist is not the same as feminine.

2.) She believes feminism's goal is to feminize men or make them more like women.

3.) She actually understands feminism but doesn't agree with it, and believes it makes men less masculine.

I just kind of stared into space for a bit and then went back to work. 




 My dad is hilarious about this, because if we ever go out to eat or something he asks me if I know how to get there, and if I say no, I'll just look it up on my phone, he immediately launches into this extremely detailed list of directions and it's gotten to the point where I just let him finish and then punch the address in on my phone lol. I'm not going to remember all of that information anyway. 




 It irritates me too because whenever people find out I'm an atheist I feel the need to say that I don't hate religion. Atheism takes up literally zero time in my life. I just don't believe in God and don't have a religion. But the stigma is that I hate religion and spend a lot of hours on /r/atheism bashing Christians and Muslims.  




 My mom believes this and I don't know how to convince her it isn't true. She said her legs got bulky just from walking her dog... 




 My ex was horrible about understanding my anxiety. We would be in public and I would start getting extremely anxious, so I would say I think I need to leave. He would be confused, say that I didn't look anxious, and proceed to continue doing whatever we were doing in public (shopping or whatever). Then I would say, I need to leave, I'm leaving, and he would get all butthurt and claim I used my anxiety as an excuse to not spend time with him. Sigh. Hence the ex part. 




 Yeah that's...possible. I assume it was just a misunderstanding of what the term feminist means haha. 




 Not supporting equal rights for women, so manly! 









 He is crazy hot. And couple that with his awesome sexy voice? Umf. 




 Aww. My mom says the same thing to me. I got divorced recently and she tells me all the time how happy I am and how the "old me" is back. Pff. I'm still lonely as hell and just cause I got divorced doesn't mean my depression just disappeared. 

My advice is to throw yourself into something to keep your mind off of things. I bought a bunch of video games because when I was married I never, ever spent any money on myself, and at night if I was feeling alone I'd throw myself into a game. Also I drank a lot of rum. Things will get better :) 




 And then the next day when you're wearing no makeup, "Are you sick?" 




 It does feel like people who are overweight get this bad rap of being a grumpy person. Or, if an overweight person happens to be grumpy that day it's all of a sudden, well, she's grumpy cause she's fat. It's kind of bullshit. 

It just makes no sense the amount of hatred people can spew over someone's freakin' weight. Like I went on /r/fatpeoplehate and was just floored. People waste time over this? 

Not to even mention the double standard of fat dudes vs. fat chicks. Like one of the friends I was hanging out with was an overweight dude, and even he was getting in on it. No one gives a shit if a guy is overweight, and if the overweight dude can't get chicks, it's because girls are shallow, but if an overweight girl can't get dudes it's her fault because she's fat. UGH!  




 Right? The whole situation was just bizarre and made me sad.  




 I know, all I could think about was how I would feel if I were in that position. I sort of mentioned that, and they said, well, you aren't fat and you don't complain about not getting guys. It's like...I think you're missing the point.

I just really want a group of awesome girlfriends damn it! At least I have TrollX. 




 It is. Especially because they are older than me. I sort of called them out on it, and said something like, who cares if she's fat, and they got really defensive are started saying, well, she has a bad personality too. It's like...what the fuck. 




 Basically I started hanging out with some friends of a friend, and one of them is pretty overweight. As soon as she left everyone started talking about how fat she was and how she can't expect to get a guy looking like that. It was pretty obnoxious...they talked about her all night, these people are all close to 30 so it was pretty sad. 

I probably won't go out with them again. 









 Aw thanks for the support. I don't have a lot of female friends so it's awesome to be able to go on TrollX. Everyone is so supportive and cool. 

I do believe that a relationship could work if both people were invested. But I think it's super rare. Especially as people get older and grow apart and change. I don't know. I guess I'm not holding out for some great relationship in the future, because I feel like I worked really hard in my relationship, and in the end it didn't matter because he didn't want to put the effort in, you know?  




 Haha no you're right. At this point I'm sort of like, meh, is it even possible for two people to remain faithful to each other. Especially since around the same time my parents started having issues with possible infidelity on both sides. And I guess my dad creeps on young girls on Facebook. Like wtf. I just hate getting older and everyone you think is so amazing turns out to not be... 




 That's true! I think most girls assume you would want them to be snippy about your ex. But I can relate, my mom still talks shit about my ex even though we've been over since October. And she keeps trying to set me up with weirdos lol. 




 Aw, well I'm sure they were just trying to be supportive, even if you weren't ready for a relationship yet.  




 Yeah, I personally doubt that it's possible. But I was recently cheated on so I'm bitter.  




 Aw that's sweet. 




 Hey, I'm looking for new friends too. I'll try to make it Friday! I haven't been to 42 Lounge in forever. 




 Lol my brother does the same thing! 




 Me too! Honestly he's just going through a lot right now. He really does have a good heart. He's just...I don't know. He will figure things out eventually.  




 He's... Going through some stuff. So I forgive him for being a little crazy. He still treats me with respect. I just know he is extremely depressed and his way of dealing with it is to have sort of extremist philosophies.  




 My brother, who believes in similar things red pillers do, 100% does not believe lesbians are real. He admits gay men exist, but he claims no woman is a lesbian. And if they do engage in sexual activity with a woman its either because one, mental illness, or two, male attention. 

Sigh.  




 You too!  




 I'm sorry you had to deal with that. My best guy friend from high school opened up to me about his wife being physically abusive, and showed me bruises. It was insane. I was friends with her as well and she painted this picture that he was this verbally abusive asshole and then he shows me evidence of her physical abuse... Like wtf. 

I told him to take a video of her abusing him because it was so constant. He stopped talking to me because she was apparently jealous of his interaction with me. I hope he's doing okay.  




 He's older, late 20s, she's 19 or 20 I think. Either she's young and naive or he's lying to her about having a job. 

He is really good at lying. But whatever, I don't have to deal with that shit anymore!  




 Woo-hoo! Awesome job girl!  




 WOW. That is incredibly depressing. 

My ex doesn't even have a job haha. But somehow attracts younger girls? I just want her phone number so when she realizes what a fuck up he is we can go out and get drinks together. Nothing like bonding with a girlfriend over disdain for a mutual ex lol.  




 Lol my ex husband does the same bullshit. He told me all about the new girl he claims to be in love with. You know what I don't want to do when I fall in love with someone? Text me ex. Ignore him, what a fucking tool.  




 Her face isn't horrible, she just needs to lose some weight I think.  




 I second this, need to know where you got your awesome ottoman.  




 I second this, need to know where you go your awesome ottoman.  




 Thanks for the advice. My divorce pushed me in a lot of ways to put myself out there and socialize more. I had so much anxiety initially, especially when going on dates, but now I'm noticing that's subsiding which is a huge relief. I'd like to get back to the point where I only had situational anxiety. 

I think you're right about finding a guy who isn't depressed. My ex fed off of my moods and would be down when I was down, and it wasn't helpful. 

I find that when I get depressed, my body and brain tell me to lay in bed to make it feel better. My strategy now is to get out and do things, to fake it, like you said. This has helped me a lot. It's hard to fight against that feeling though. A mantra for me had basically become "I can't" so I think in many ways my fight now is to just convince myself that I can.  




 I just wondered because I suffer from anxiety and depression. I believe that's part of the reason why my own marriage failed and my ex decided to cheat. 

It makes it hard to date because honestly I don't even know who I am without my depression. I get down on myself thinking no one wants to be with a girl who has depression. And even if I meet a great guy I think eventually he won't like me because of my issues. 




 That's really interesting. How are you doing now?  




 We got married too young and for the wrong reasons. We had a rocky relationship from the start, we realized we were not all that sexually compatible, and essentially were just bringing each other down. 

I stuck it out because of pride and not wanting to admit I made a mistake in getting married. I only divorced when I found out he was having an affair with my best friend.  




 That flex photo, yummy. 




 Yes, moar please. 




 This reminds me of a guy I knew once who was married and had a ton of affairs with women he met online. His wife found out about it and decides to sleep with one guy for revenge. Husband goes ballistic and kicks her out. His excuse was that "it's different for men, men never get over infidelity."

Like dude, you were banging 10± chicks behind your wife's back. God that guy was a piece of shit.  




 It makes zero sense to me too. I'm always thinking, you can't jerk off to a woman and despise them at the same time. It's not right!  




 People will find any way to judge you, regardless of what you say. I opened up on here about my husband having an affair and I got a few weirdos who told me it was my fault. It sucked but the majority of the comments I received were very nice :)  




 We absolutely should because I missed it! I'll bring dessert :)  




 Honest? He claims he has a fit body. He's either a liar or entirely delusional. 




 You aren't everyone. It simply isn't helpful to everyone who is suicidal. Most times there is absolutely nothing you can say, the only thing you can do is be there so they do not harm themselves or take them to a professional.  




 Yay! I'm going to PM you.  




 Hey! I'm looking for new friends to hang out with. I recently got divorced and realized how little friends I have. I'd love to hang out with other women who are redditors and have similar interests. 

I don't mind if you're attached, but I'm single so I would love to go out with someone to meet guys! I'm looking to just have fun at this point in my life. 

I want to get outside more and do active things but I don't know a lot of people. I like hiking, exploring, geocaching, etc. I love beer and trying new kinds, exploring different bars and restaurants. 

Hope to hear from you! 




 Wow. That's absolutely excessive. Is there anything good about him that would keep you around? 

My ex was very controlling and would get mad at me if I went out with friends, guy or girl. So I stopped. After five years of being together I had dwindled all of my friends down to one. It sucked.  




 None of this sounds normal honestly, or healthy. He sounds like he is insecure and wants to control your life by being emotionally manipulative. 

It might be mild now, but what happens if in the future he asks you to stop hanging out with your guy friend altogether? He doesn't sound like he has YOUR interests in mind at all. 

Personally, having had experience with this type of guy, I would get out of that relationship. In my experience these guys only get worse over time.  




 Now that I think about it, that movie is completely fucked up. Wow.  




 This is one of those people who goes around talking about how fucking random and weird they are all the time.  




 Wow what a tool. 




 Oh my god. That is so fucking hilarious and so sad at the same time. 




 That sounds awful. I hope she gets the help she needs. 




 I don't believe people in a great relationship cheat. If someone is cheating that relationship has a lot of problems.  




 Well, he admitted to the affair, but covered up a lot of details about it. It took me a few months of sleuthing, talking to the woman who he cheated with, talking to her husband, to really get a picture of what really happened. And I'll never know for sure. It's a messy business. 

The other big factor for me was that they didn't use a condom. So they risked pregnancy and stds. They risked my health. All to have an affair. It's just gross.  




 I don't see what I did as punishment at all. I just don't want to be with a person who has an affair. For a lot of reasons. But my decision was about me and how I could be happy. Not about punishing him.  




 There was a period of about a week after finding out about it that I was still weighing my options. I asked him some details about the affair (instead of coming clean he lied about a lot of the details and hid the fact that it happened multiple times rather than once), he looked at me, disgusted, and said, "When are you going to get over this?" 

I realized then that he did not realize how much he had hurt me, and he never would. He would never be the man I wanted to spend the rest of my life with. I made my decision and I'm happy about it.  




 Honestly it's quite complicated. There are a lot of details about the cheating that I won't go into online. But it was a combination of factors that led me to my decision. Why he cheated, who he cheated with, where he cheated, how many times it happened, what he thought while he was cheating, did he have remorse or guilt after before I knew about it. 

Then there is family and how they responded. My mom, who I'm close to, was livid. She said I could never bring him to her house ever again. Word spread throughout the family and everyone despised him. I would never be able to bring him to Christmas without it being a huge awkward moment for all of us. I regret telling my mother now, but maybe it was for the best. It is important to me that my family love and respect the man I am with, and that wasn't true anymore. 

In addition to that, it was how I was feeling in the marriage prior to the cheating. I was massively depressed and never felt like I could rely on him for anything. We were both starting to realize how little we had in common. We went to therapy, and realized how terrible we were at communicating with each other. Honestly it was a mess before the cheating. 

Despite any of that, for whatever reason, finding out he cheated was one of the most traumatic experiences of my life. And I'm thankful my life is good enough that getting cheated on (so far) is the worst thing to happen to me. But it's hard to explain why it hurts so much. I don't think I really have an answer for you. 

Some nights I feel lucky I was cheated on because it gave me the courage to leave a marriage I wasn't happy in. So I don't know. We were both unhappy. But it's hard to really be honest with yourselves in a marriage when things aren't working.  




 Yeah! I'm sure he thinks the same of me lol. But every day it gets easier and I think I'm at the point where I don't regret being married, it was an experience that taught me a lot.  




 Ew. Ew ew ew.  




 Seriously I got wet just looking at them.  




 Hm, I'm not sure if I believe that, but I don't believe my relationship was healthy at all. I think we were both just young and resentful of each other for tying each other down too soon.  




 Good on you. Single life is not that bad. I love how much freedom I have now. It is a tough road so I hope you have friends and family to be there for you. But it's not as bad as staying in a relationship with someone who cheated.  




 I think it was a lot of reasons, I could write a book about it honestly. Let me just say this, I am divorced now and my sex drive has returned. 

I think it was mainly one, I was severely depressed, for whatever reason. I would literally not self lubricate and so sex was painful. Two, I just wasn't attracted to him anymore. He was really emotionally manipulative, incredibly jealous and would get upset if I went anywhere without him. Three, we were never really sexually compatible to begin with. I love dominant guys, he loved dominant girls. See the problem? 

Lots of reasons. Mainly issues of compatibility. If I could go back I would never have gotten married. I was young and dumb and believed in true love and soul mates.  




 He was, yeah. I think he seriously thought if he cheated and then told me about it, I'd be all over him and the sex would improve. He was kind of dumb.  




 If it makes you feel better, I moved across the country to be with someone and it was the worst decision I've ever made! I regret it still.  




 Dude that's me! If we lived in the same city we could go out together lol.  




 It's never too late! Get in shape and fuck all the people.  




 I'm 24 too! Yay. And I'm depressed about this thread :( 




 I'm realizing this now at 24, just got divorced. I'm just gonna have some fun dammit. I don't want a relationship. Here's to divorced women being slutty!  




 I admit that you're right about her face haha. Especially next to Amy Adams.  
























 Sounds to me like your dad has fat logic too. You don't need to workout to lose weight, you can eat healthier. Just because you had surgery doesn't mean you can't eat less.  




 Holy crap. You have an amazing body! Do you work out too? I am around your weight but don't look like that haha.  




 I'm totally the same way! I started looking at cute clothes and makeup and even painted my nails too. I went to /r/skincareaddiction and spent money on some nice products for my face. 

I think I avoided those things before not because I was so "above" them but because focusing on my appearance depressed me. Now that I'm trying to be healthier I find a ton of girly enjoyment out of shopping and yesterday I even got a haircut and waxed my brows haha! 

So good for you, it's all a lot of positive things going on!  




 Do you think a lot of it has to do with pressure from other people? Especially since you have issues as the day goes on. I know I wanted to cheat and told my boyfriend we should get pizza. He isn't in charge of my diet so he said okay, and for a minute I felt like he had validated my decision to cheat, do you know what I mean? I ended up feeling bad and we didn't get pizza, because I need to hold myself accountable. But there were definitely times in the past when I allowed myself unhealthy food because I was out with friends or family. It's hard to feel in control I think when everyone else is eating crappy!  




 I'm a bit stressed out. I'm trying to get the Internet at my new place and I was on the phone with twc for TWO HOURS I must have talked to five different people and in the end they're making me pay to have a technician come out! Aaaaaah!

I'm trying to be more positive. I'm going back to school go finish my degree this fall and I can't tell if I'm super excited or insanely stressed. Maybe both. 

I also just started dating someone seriously (the first relationship I've had after my divorce) and I have no idea what I'm doing. Ahh! 

But thankfully I have keto in my life haha. One thing I can actually control and feel good about! Oh, and today I'm getting a hair cut so I'm excited! I'm seeing a really talented hair stylist who is usually totally booked but someone cancelled. So I'm pumped!  




 Hahaha I was thinking that too!  




 I would use the keto calculator in the side bar and only put in a small calorie deficit. When I started, I had a calorie limit of 1600, which was good for me because I was full enough despite still having cravings. Now I eat around 1200-1400, sometimes more if I want to indulge. 

What kind of foods do you eat? If I find myself hungry I usually eat a handful of almonds or I make fat bombs. The large amount of fat makes my stomach happy and I am way less likely to binge. I still track everything to be sure I'm under my carb limit. 

Good luck. I tried keto a few times before but only recently did I start it and stick to it without cheats. It might take a few runs to figure it all out.  




 I totally agree with the pizza idea! I just made an awesome pizza with Almond flour. In fact, I'm eating leftovers right now.  




 Yeah! Just discovered I can eat a ton of cream cheese haha. I love cream cheese!  




 I had a girl from the office tell me I didn't need to lose weight, but she was trying to lose weight. We then discovered we weighed the exact same amount! 174. She just carried a lot of weight around her midsection making her look bigger than me, I think. I have fat everywhere and was good at hiding my arm fat and leg fat under my clothes haha.  




 Sweet! I'm on my third week so I'm pretty new too! 

Duck bacon sounds really neat!  




 Wow that is awesome news! Keeps me motivated as I'm only on week three! Can't wait to see what kind of results I get after three months.  




 Haha, my breath is still god awful in the morning. But my teeth do feel cleaner and less mucky!  




 It's my 17th day of keto today! Can't believe it's already been this long, and I can't believe I have faithfully stuck to it.

I finally got the internet at my new place, so I'm going to spend tonight gaming and making low-carb pizza! Super excited. 




 I feel you. For whatever reason moderation is just impossible for me when eating carbs. Especially beer. If I have one beer, I'll have one more, and another, and another. Bleh. Best to just keep calm on keto haha. 




 That sounds awesome! I need to get a bikini for a vacation I'm taking at the end of August. Ugh. I don't know what to wear. I'll probably get one of those high waisted ones but I haven't worn a swimsuit in forever!  




 Lame! Hope you get a new cool doctor soon. I'm avoiding going in to see my gynecologist because she's really terrible. I have scars on my body from a period of self-harm (I'm fine now) and she made a HUGE deal about it and embarrassed the shit out of me. Not to mention she's a really overweight doctor, so what's up with that? I don't want to take health advice from someone who can't even take care of themselves. 




 That sounds really interesting. I should start tracking my periods.  




 I totally need to do this. I don't even own a scale but somehow find myself using a friend's scale or the one at work. Bah! It's frustrating me. 




 Ooo a romance toy party sounds freakin' awesome haha! Have fun! 




 What were her reasons for why it was dangerous and unhealthy? 

From what I've heard around this sub, a ton of health care professionals are just not on board with very low carb diets. I wouldn't let it discourage you. 




 I can't speak for everyone but I felt very little of the side effects of initially being in keto. I took a magnesium and potassium supplement and drank lots of chicken broth to keep my sodium intake high. 

I planned meals so that I wouldn't cheat and made sure I was drinking enough water. 

Honestly, there will always be reasons not to do keto. There will never be a perfect time to start. Might as well just dive right in. 




 Totally awesome transformation.

I've been on keto for about 3 weeks, no big slip ups. I simply feel better. I used to emotionally eat and now I do not. I had bad anxiety and could not sit still, now that I am eating low carb I am so much more calm. So basically, those things push me to stay doing keto. I feel better, therefore, why would I want to stop doing it? You need to find your own personal reasons to keep going!

Good luck! 




 Oh wow. I guess I was always worried people at a gym would be annoyed since I'm such a noob haha. This gives me hope though! There is a snap fitness by my place. 




 Haha the LOTR analogy is spot on. I felt this way over the weekend. I randomly wanted pizza SO BAD. I looked at my boyfriend and said, I need pizza NOW! I was randomly carb crazy. He kept me true to my diet though :D

Annnd this week I already bought all the ingredients to make awesome low-carb pizza.  




 Wow. You are awesome. Seriously! You're motivating me to get into the gym! 




 Thank you! 




 I'd love to read that study, it sounds super interesting! Do you have a source for that? 




 You have an amazing body! We are a similar height so you're sort of inspiration for me :) 




 Awesome! I just started my third week of keto and I lost about 10 pounds, and I lost inches on my waist. Really exciting! 

Good job on sticking to it :) 




 Ooo I'll have to try Kalua pork, it looks pretty easy! I just love coming home from work to a delicious smelling house and a meal I basically didn't even have to cook haha! 




 It is kind of cool, but scary lol. I really don't like zombie stuff so when it's like RUN the zombies are going to get you it freaks me out! But it's motivating haha. 




 Hey! I'm on week three of keto and day 1 seems like it was yesterday! Seriously, keto is the least diet-y diet I have ever been on and I love all the awesome food I can eat (MEAT lol). 

One thing that helped me immensely was my fitness pal, if you don't have one get one, because I have tons of friends from /r/keto and /r/xxketo. You should add me, my username is sperhauk on there (and anyone else can add me as well). It's nice to have a lot of internet buddies holding you accountable and inspiring you! 

I read something on /r/GetMotivated that said something like, you already know what it's like to give in. What would it feel like to keep going? That inspires me so much. 

I also don't have a huge budget to go on when it comes to keto so bulk buying foods (especially meat) and planning meals goes a long way into saving money!  




 I haven't been exercising lately but I would like to start again. I downloaded the zombie run app and used it for a few runs. I'd like to get into a daily yoga routine as well! But I made excuses.

Today marks my third week of keto! I have pork cooking in my crock pot at home right now for carnitas. I'm so freakin' excited! Last week I barely cooked at all so I'm excited to be getting back into it. Keto is much more fun when you cook. 




 I have issues with depression and anxiety and I definitely feel a huge improvement. Maybe it's because I'm low carb, but it could also be that I'm just feeling good by doing something good for my body. I also get a nice mood boost when I see that I have lost weight. 

My depression usually makes me say "I can't" to myself, so sticking to keto helps me fight that feeling. As for my anxiety, I could barely sit still before keto. Now I feel so much more calm and relaxed, and I barely ever have mood swings.  




 Close! I'm in Southeastern Wisconsin.  




 KEELY. I know a Keely, and she is totally rude and obnoxious. Why is it always Keely's haha. 




 Thanks anbeav! 




 So you know when you're looking down at your phone and the screen turns off and you are met with a reflection of your face? And then if you're like me you get depressed because you realize just how much fat appears under your chin?

WELL after two weeks on keto I SWEAR it's gotten noticeably smaller! I thought, maybe I'm holding the phone higher than usual. But I moved it around and still, my chin fat has totally shrunk haha.

This is an awesome victory for me because the fat face in phone reflection occurrence was one of my wake up calls I needed to lose weight! Sooo yeah things are going pretty good.

PS This sub is amazing and you gals are huge motivators! 




 My exact reaction when I saw the pictures haha. 




 sperhauk 




 Yeah I made those excuses for a while too! Good workout clothes can come later, after you've established the habit. Then you can upgrade running shoes or buy other running gear. But making it a habit is important first!  




 I just started jogging a week ago! I downloaded the Zombie Run app to make it more fun. Then it's easier to focus on your run and not other people. Plus after a week of running I actually want to run now, even though I suck at it right now!  




 You have amazing self control. I can't imagine tasting candy as a job and NOT eating everything in sight! 




 You look awesome!  




 Oh well, we can drool at him from a distance. 




 Out of cheese?! I'd panic. 




 True, and when he was bigger he seemed like a guy I could actually get lol. Now...now he's just too good looking. 




 Today at work we are grilling during lunch! So I get to eat a delicious burger with cheese. 

This weekend I was planning on bar hopping with friends, but now that I'm doing keto I think I'm going to pass. I just know I'd be too tempted to eat unhealthily and drink beer. I'll probably spend time with my cat who I've been neglecting all week and playing a ton of video games! I also downloaded the Zombie Run app so I'm gonna get some runs in too!  




 LOL that was one of my favorite stories on Reddit. I'm glad both men and women alike are totally clueless about this.  




 Seriously, I feel like a complete idiot when I talk dirty. What are you supposed to SAY.  









 So I am very sensitive to body sensations, for example, being too hot or too cold makes me anxious, or being sick, or having any kind of pain. Especially when my heart rate increases or I feel flushed. I have basically been trying to avoid being in the sun or doing any kind of physical activity. 

BUT I know that exercise helps anxiety. So for the past few days I have been getting up super early to go for a walk and jog a bit, so that I won't get too hot and I stop if I get panicky because of my heart rate. Well today I went for an awesome jog after work, the sun was shining, and there were (gasp) even people around where I was running, and I WAS FINE. I had some anxious moments, especially immediately post run when I started focusing on my heart beat, but I am calm now I feel just awesome. 

I know I have a ways to go with my anxiety but this is the first time I ever really said fuck you to my anxious feelings and just did something good for myself! 




 I totally feel you because I do the same thing. I think just not looking at progress pics would be helpful.  




 I keep thinking that if I don't lose the weight, I will more than likely gain weight, and keep gaining until I become obese and even more unhealthy. So I am motivated to become healthy and fit!  




 Oh man is that true! I am really proud of myself that I'm the kind of person that chooses to be alone rather than with someone I'm not compatible with anymore. I think it takes a lot of strength to move on from a bad relationship.  




 Your comment made me laugh a lot for some reason.  




 I'm curious about that too, because I calculated 1600 calories for me, and I feel like any lower would be torture, especially when trying to adapt to a new diet!  




 I'm only on day 3 of keto but I try to stay under 25g, and I've been successful! I definitely keep a really close eye on it on MFP.  




 I calorie count and find it pretty helpful. What made you decide on 1200-1300 calories? I used the Keto Calculator in the side bar and it recommended 1600 for me. I feel like 1300 is low but a lot of gals on here eat that much. I just want to maximize how much weight I lose without going crazy out of hunger! 




 LOL this comment is hilarious. I'm going to try it.  




 Ugh that sucks. I married my ex who I had known since high school, at 19 we married and when I was 23 he cheated on me with a friend of mine. UGH. At least she was the same age as me? Anyway, I only recently finalized the divorce and seeing happy couples still annoys me. It's hard for me not to belt out to girls HES PROBABLY CHEATING ON YOU. Cause I'm bitter, I said it. 




 Yeah it's never the skinny healthy relatives, it's always the overweight or obese ones. Like do you hate your life that much that you need to resort to criticizing other peoples' weights. I think they believe they get a pass because they're old and I'm young, and young girls "should" be thin. Whatever! 

The same birthday party my uncle asked me if I was a lesbian. Just out of the blue. Like wtf. Who ASKS that. 




 Damn a half marathon?! Sounds intense. I'm doing C25k as well!  




 Dude fuck off. Have you ever had cats before? Stop being a cunt.  




 Oh my god, I would be absolutely terrified if that happened to me! I'm glad your dog was okay!  




 Fuck that guy. A relative I hadn't seen in a while at a birthday party just randomly sidled up to me and told me I got heavier. Like no one fucking asked you. You've been fat the entire time I have known you and I dont comment on it! Fuck. People are rude. Try not to let it bother you! You've got us girls on here to give you support :)  




 Awesome! You look like a different person :)  




 I don't have a scale and I don't think I will get one. I think it would just discourage me, especially hearing everyone talk about water weight and weight gain on their period. I just started so maybe I'll want to weigh myself eventually, but right now I just weigh myself whenever I'm at my moms haha!  




 I like this idea a lot. I'm going to try it myself!  




 I should do that! Today is my second day of keto so I have a ways to go, but yeah, progress pics are encouraging.  




 Nice job! You can totally tell you've made a ton of progress.  




 Feel free to add me - sperhauk 




 Awesome! Thanks for the reply :) 




 I've always had issues with emotional eating, and I have a ton of anxiety and depression, so I'm worried I'll go off track from keto (today is my first day!). 

If I do start to get really stressed and anxious I'm gonna take a bath and then play an epic amount of video games. 




 What podcasts do you listen to? 




 Awesome! I'm actually super excited to eat today, feeling really motivated.  




 Just started keto today! Mine is sperhauk. 




 Are you serious? They didn't just punch them, they attacked them to the point of serious irreparable injury. So fuck them, they have mental problems.  




 Some girls are into that! This one guy posed with two guns and pretty much looked like a serial killer haha. But a dude at a shooting range might look alright.  




 Holy shit. When did this happen.  




 That would be interesting. I'm in a big city but the surrounding areas are pretty country, which makes sense why dudes would be hunting/fishing/holding guns. A lot of the dudes who live in the city just have a ton of pics of them in bars. 




 That's so awesome. You're quite lucky to have someone so supportive! 
























 I'm actually using products recommended from there! I've noticed improvement from when I used disposable razors but I still feel like my legs are stripped of moisture. I could change shaving cream though and see if that works.  




 I looked at the link and it said to use cerave with an occlusive, so if I put a layer of like mineral oil that should help, right? I will try a different moisturizer though, thanks for your help!  




 When I use my cerave in the tub on my eyelids they get worse. Do you know why that would happen?  




 Whenever I shave my legs they feel very irritated. My skin is bumpy, I believe I have a minor case of KP, and the shaving definitely irritates that. 

My basic shaving routine is to exfoliate with a loofah and the neutrogena body wash with salicylic acid, then I shave using a razor with a fresh new blade and shaving cream. Sometimes I use mineral oil instead but I end up with the same results. After I use my rough and bumpy lotion from gold bonds. 

However my skin still feels like... Depleted and dry and gross. I like having smooth hairless legs but what can I use to really moisturize my legs? 

Any advice is appreciated. 




 I just bought some Aztec healing clay, but when I mix it there are always lumps in it and it's not smooth. How do you guys mix it up? I mix it with water. 

Also, I bought neem oil, how do you guys use it? If I mix it with another oil can I use it on my whole face, even around my eyes? 
Last question, my eyelids get very dry for some reason, and currently I am only washing my face at night using OCM, then using BP, and moisturizing. What would be drying out my eyelids? I don't put moisturizer on my eyes because it makes it worse, but I do use sunflower oil to remove my eye makeup. Is there any kind of moisturizer I could use on my eyes? The skin is really flaky and weird. 

Thanks!  




 I'm 24 and got divorced last year. He cheated on me. You're better off! Seriously, after a few months you will feel amazing and be so glad you did it. My life has never been better.  




 Hahah this is me except I can't tell if it's from spanking or sitting too long from playing video games. 




 My fucking boyfriend did this. He TOLD me what to get him, gave me like a list and shit, and so of course I buy him stuff from that list. I'm at his place yesterday and he gets an Amazon package of what I fucking bought him! LIKE WTF BRO. 




 I experience it yeah. I actually started experiencing anxiety while drinking too, so now I just try not to at all.  




 Hey add me! 




 Add me, my safari is unknown as well! 




 Totally! I have dude friends who have sex on the regular with girls who have children, and they can't tell the difference. The vagina goes back to normal eventually.  




 Don't worry, vaginas go back to their usual tightness, hence why women can give birth and their vaginas go back to normal. 

Otherwise women who have sex a lot would have huge vaginas and that's just not the case. So go ahead and masturbate freely. Might I suggest getting a dildo? Might be better than a screwdriver!  




 I went through something similar. My ex-husband had an affair and also thought I was very useless. And truth be told, I kind of was. I was stuck in a rut, I wasn't happy, I was depressed and anxious and suicidal. Life was bad. 

I can tell you that moving on was the best possible thing for me. You don't need your husband's approval for the things you do, you should do them because you want to. I fell into that same pattern of convincing my ex I was finally going to do something with my life, but I never did. And it was because I was trying to do it for someone else and not me. 

I'm telling you that it is possible to move on and survive post divorce, and to thrive and be happy. It just takes small adjustments and some hard work. It's even pretty thrilling to do stuff just for me. I remember the first time after my separation that I bought a video game. It was awesome! I went to my own apartment and played it for hours without anyone telling me I couldn't. 

Take some time to think about you and what you need. If your husband is seeking the attention of other women he is obviously not happy either. If you are having persistent suicidal thoughts please call someone or go to /r/SuicideWatch. 

Good luck!  




 I went through something similar. My ex-husband had an affair and also thought I was very useless. And truth be told, I kind of was. I was stuck in a rut, I wasn't happy, I was depressed and anxious and suicidal. Life was bad. 

I can tell you that moving on was the best possible thing for me. You don't need your husband's approval for the things you do, you should do them because you want to. I fell into that same pattern of convincing my ex I was finally going to do something with my life, but I never did. And it was because I was trying to do it for someone else and not me. 

I'm telling you that it is possible to move on and survive post divorce, and to thrive and be happy. It just takes small adjustments and some hard work. It's even pretty thrilling to do stuff just for me. I remember the first time after my separation that I bought a video game. It was awesome! I went to my own apartment and played it for hours without anyone telling me I couldn't. 

Take some time to think about you and what you need. If your husband is seeking the attention of other women he is obviously not happy either. If you are having persistent suicidal thoughts please call someone or go to /r/SuicideWatch. 

Good luck!  




 Jesus. I thought my therapist was bad. I talked to her about my unhappy marriage and her advice was to stick with him long enough to finish school so I could use him for financial support until I found a job. Like wtf? Thankfully I did not take her advice.  




 I think it's important to understand why exactly you are afraid of phone calls. For me it was worry about sounding stupid or embarrassing myself somehow. 

My therapist recommended doing an exercise where I write down what I am thinking while I experience the anxiety. It helped put it into perspective. Then, when I make phone calls, I try to modify that thinking by thinking something positive. 

Also, practice. I started a job where I had to answer phones and I was terrified initially, but after doing it a lot it got easier, and I started to think, who gives a fuck what this person on the other line thinks of me? They don't know me, they don't define me. It gets easier. 

Good luck!  




 The problem is guys do not think that way. You said you weren't into hookups and went to his place, some guys are going to automatically assume you will have sex if you are there, regardless of what was said before. 

Dude was skeevy, and acting inappropriately, yeah. But I highly doubt he was a potential rapist. 

I've been in really similar situations where I went over to a guy's apartment and consistently they assumed sex would be had unless I explicitly told them, I will not fuck you tonight, in those exact words, that bluntly. It's like, I feel like dudes learned from somewhere that women who say no are really just being coy or some shit and sometimes you just need to be blunt.  




 This drives me nuts. Domestic abuse against men happens all the time, men just don't speak out about it. A friend of mine showed me the bruises his girlfriend left on him, and I couldn't believe it. She totally fucked him up emotionally. 




 The second he made unwanted advances you should have left. Simply being there made him believe you wanted the attention. 

And I think it's pretty extreme to say he would have raped you. Stop going on Tinder if you can't deal with the fact that yes, dudes you meet will want to fuck you. It's a part of life.  




 Erm yes please. I'm 24 as well and really craving some quality girl time, none of my friends live in Milwaukee! PM me?  




 I've heard with loose skin working out those areas helps, so maybe doing stuff like chest exercises? 

The other thing to mention is I think a lot of girls are insecure about their boobs. Yours probably look totally normal and you overanalyze because you look at them everyday.  




 Oh interesting. I'd have to double check what driver it is. Is there any workaround? Like am I stuck with that driver or could I use a different one?  




 Hey, thanks for the response! I tried reinstalling the driver and that didn't work. I tried the complete Internet repair and that didn't work either. 

I ended up installing Linux alongside Windows 8, and when I boot Linux I can connect to the Internet at work no problem. So I assume the issue is with some Windows configuration? 

At this point if I use my laptop at work I just boot Linux. I assume reinstalling Windows 8 would fix it but I don't know how to do that because I don't have the product key. 

Thanks again for your help!  




 Oh my god you are adorable.  




 Haha mine did too! One of my favorites!  




 Anyone in Wisconsin? I'm in Milwaukee!  




 I totally second keto! I don't have PCOS but it seriously gave me so much more control over my emotional eating. And eating bacon everyday was just the best. 

It also helped me feel more mentally stable.  




 Oops, forgot to mention I did switch toothpastes about a week ago.  




 Morning I splash my face with water, sometimes use stridex pads, followed with sunscreen. 

Night I use Cerave foaming cleanser and alpha Hydrox, then 2.5 BP and Cerave in the tub. 

So I have acne on my chin and neck, not really that much but it's annoying. I don't get acne anywhere else. 

My question is, I just realized I drool a lot in my sleep... Kind of gross. And now that it's getting colder and I have an almost permanent stuffy nose I breathe through my mouth more than normal. Is it possible that... My drool... Is causing acne? Is that a thing? I change my pillow case every night. If it's possible, how do I prevent this without like, saran wrapping my face?  




 I like the lipstick a lot! It's hard to see your eye makeup with your glasses on though, there's a bit of a glare.  




 Oh man I need to try that mascara because I swear I poke myself in the eye with my mascara every single day.  




 I will try to monitor that side for sure, thanks for the advice!!  




 Well it did occur right around my period, and actually I have been under more stress than usual!  




 I have just started using a new body wash from burts bees. Would that cause an issue just on my neck though? I haven't noticed an issue anywhere else.  




 I wash my bedsheets once a week and use a clean pillowcase every night or put a clean t-shirt on my pillow case. 

I do tend to touch my face a lot, like lean onto my hand, but I've always done this, so it doesn't really explain my sudden breakout on my neck. I'm definitely trying to stop touching my face though. I do use my phone on that side of my face as well, but usually I'm never on my phone that consistently... I'm thinking at least some of my acne is caused by leaning into my hand though.  




 I'm using an Asus X83V laptop running Windows 8. 

I was able to connect to the internet at work previously, but one day I was unable to connect to the network. I verified I was typing in the correct security key, restarted my computer, forgot the network and then reconnected, but nothing helped. I work in a relatively small office and no other employees were having issues with wireless connectivity. 

I generally have no problems connecting to the wireless internet at home, but sometimes it will disconnect me from the network. At that point I have to restart my computer to get it to reconnect again, I'm not sure if that issue is related. However, I'm always able to connect to the internet again after restarting. Not so with the internet at work.

So today I found we had some wireless adapters laying around, the one I used is a Linksys AE6000. I plugged it into my laptop and used that wireless to connect to the network and it worked. So...I'm connected but it irritates me that I don't know why. Is my laptop's network card failing? What is the reason this would be happening?

Thank you for your help!
 




 AM: Rinse face, Stridex pad, 2.5% BP on acne (all on chin and neck), apply Neutrogena sunscreen, then makeup.

PM: Remove makeup with mineral oil, Cerave foaming cleanser, Alpha Hydrox, wait 30 minutes, 2.5% BP on acne, wait about 10 minutes, then Cerave in the tub.

I have been doing this routine for about 2 weeks, was doing the same routine minus the Alpha Hydrox for about a month and a half.

I did include one product at a time.

My issue is I have this breakout on my neck. I have never, ever in my entire life had a breakout on my neck. It's really nasty and all concentrated in one area, only on the left side of my neck. Oddly, I only ever seem to get acne on the left side of my face. Around my lip, and chin, and now neck, but on the left side only. What's the deal? I'm super frustrated about this breakout because wth, neck acne was never a problem. It's itchy and red, and some of the pimples are white. I stopped wearing makeup as of yesterday. 

The only thing I am thinking is the Alpha Hydrox, because I do tend to bring it down on my neck if I've put too much on. Would this cause acne to come out on my neck? I'm just frustrated because even when I was sleeping in my makeup and not ever washing my face I had zero issues with neck acne. Any help is super appreciated.  




 Now that I think about it, that makes a lot of sense. Especially considering I seriously only get acne around mouth and chin. I'm going to try it! Thanks!  




 What is SLS?  




 AM: I rinse my face with water, use a stridex pad on my face, then use 2.5% BP on my acne on my chin and lip area. Follow that with sunscreen and then makeup. 

PM: Mineral oil to take off my makeup, Cerave foaming cleanser to get rid of the oil, then I use Alpha Hydrox as my AHA, wait half hour, then use the 2.5% BP on my chin and lip area. Then Cerave in the tub. I also put a clean t-shirt on my pillow case every night. 

I've been doing this routine with some minor changes (added in the AHA a week and a half ago) for about two months. 

Problems:

I always have at least one pimple in my lip area. It drives me nuts. I dont really get pimples anywhere but my lips and chin. What's up with that? I read that my lipstick could cause it, so I only put vaseline on my lips. Same problem. 

Also, I have a lot of bumps and redness on my chin and neck. It feels pretty smooth but I can see the bumps and it looks pretty wonky. Is there a reason I only seem to have acne issues on my chin and neck? 

Last problem, my eyes are always dry. My left eye in particular, it is like, scaly and flaky and weird looking where I would put eyeshadow. I put this eye cream on it from Lancome and it hasn't really help. How can I better moisturize that area?

Thanks for the help!  




 Damn that looks cool. I'm gonna try this later!  




 Hahaha omg I do the exact same thing.  




 From my understanding CC is not allowed according to the rules unless specifically asked for.  




 I've heard that 10% BP is too harsh for some people, but since it's just a wash and not a spot treatment I'm not too sure. 

Maybe you could try a different cleanser? 

I also heard from someone on here that lots of acne on the jaw line is usually hormonal acne, which could be controlled with birth control.  




 /r/cringe  




 Lmao that describes me and my boyfriend perfectly.  




 Yeah! That shit is expensive.  




 Most Universities will allow a late withdrawal, I had to meet with the dean to discuss my academics and why I wasn't succeeding, then I had to release my medical records to them go prove I was legitimately having problems in school and not just being lazy. My therapist with the school recommended I meet with the dean and started the process for me. I would look into it, especially if you believe you will fail some or all of your classes.  




 This is awesome advice! I've used my school's counseling services a lot, and for one really nasty semester they even got me a medical withdraw from the semester due to mental health issues. So happy I didn't end up with a bunch of failed classes! They even have a psychiatrist on staff who prescribed me some medication. 




 I feel that way a lot in classrooms. I've found that incorporating exercise into my life (even just walking) calms me down considerably throughout the day, and doing meditation has been proven to work even if you don't know what you're doing. I sometimes look up Youtube videos of meditations (like 10-20 minutes). 

You could also talk to your doctor about getting prescribed something for your anxiety if it is interfering with school.  




 Yeah, first time I had sex it wasn't painful. Just really short and disappointing lol.  




 I bought a bunch today! I love it. I have no self control around nail polish that's on sale!  




 Can I post about my skin on my arms and legs? 

Right now I'm troubleshooting with reducing the bumpy redness on my legs mostly. I was told it's probably KP, so I bought the new gold bonds lotion for bumpy and rough skin.

In the morning I use a salicylic acid body wash (I think a Walgreens brand product) on my arms and legs, then I use a regular gold bonds moisturizer or sunscreen. Then at night I use the gold bonds KP lotion. 

I have been doing this for about three weeks. Basically my skin is crazy smooth but it still looks red and bumpy. What else can I try here? It isn't super noticeable but I'm paranoid about it and want nice skin! 

Thank you!  




 It was making my skin sort of dry. I definitely wanted to try something from Paulas choice! Thanks for the tips!  




 AM: Splash face with water, cerave in the tub and Neutrogena sunscreen spf 30.

PM: Remove makeup with mineral oil, Cerave gentle foaming cleanser, Neutrogena stress control with 2% salicylic acid toner, cerave in a tub moisturizer, Burts bees spot treatment with tea tree oil. 

I introduced these products one at a time, been using this set up for three weeks. I have normal skin but I have a lot of closed comedomes which I want to get rid of, and I tend to get breakouts only on my chin and right underneath my chin. I was considering adding in a BHA but not sure which one to pick! I also want to reduce the appearance of SFs on my nose. 

Thanks!  




 Your butthurt is strong.  




 Same here. 




 I was going to say that too! Love her hair. 




 Is it necessary in the morning to use both a moisturizer and a sunscreen? My morning routine is to splash my face with water and then moisturize with cerave in the tub and then I use a Neutrogena sunscreen. My face is pretty greasy at that point, is that normal?

Would it not be hydrating enough if I skipped the moisturizer and used just the sunscreen? 




 Unfortunately only she can make the decision to lose weight. It took me a while to decide I had the will power to do it. If you eat healthy and exercise hopefully that will be enough to encourage her eventually. But any kind of comment on it will most likely only make her feel worse.  




 Oh cool! My local grocery store does have a indian section so I'll try there. 




 Oh no!! I had issues with diarrhea when I first started. I think it's because I was eating very low fat and switch to lots of fats very quickly. After a week or two I started never having to poop haha. So now I take a fiber supplement. I still don't poop a lot but oh well! 




 It sounds delicious! I love indian food. Where can you get garam masala?  




 Generally the food I have has to be cooked, I don't like to have snacks because I know I will want to eat them.

If I'm feeling very hungry I drink water or broth. Usually that helps curb my cravings. Sometimes I just need to go for a walk or distract myself. Intense video gaming helps haha! 




 Do you measure your food? That is more reliable for calorie counting. Also, she may not be losing weight but losing inches. She should take measurements, like hips and waist. 

I suggest eating less calories and incorporating exercise. If she still has not lost weight I would recommend she see a doctor. 




 Haha I have chicken thighs in my freezer too. I gotta use em! 




 You guys are adorable. 




 You are awesome, thank you for giving me the perfect thing to say to rude people! 




 Seriously, I've been lurking here for a few weeks and updated my skin care routine, my face looks great and it feels so smooth.  




 So my mom tells me I inherited this from my dad, but I have little bumps on my arms and legs that are sometimes red and occasionally scabby. It's really not that noticeable unless you look close, but I'm super envious of girls who have silky smooth legs. I'd like to improve this and have it be smoother when I run my hands on my skin! 

I only use regular dove soap on my skin and then gold bonds lotion occasionally on my legs. Like I said my skin has always been like this so I don't believe it's a reaction to any product I have used! 

Thank you guys! 




 The reason I said that is because you post in a subreddit called fatpeoplehate. I mean it's right in the name.  




 Are you on my fitness pal? I have a ton of friends on there from this sub and the main keto sub and it helps keep me motivated. Family and friends all know about my diet and support me, and keep me in line (my dad, for example, the annoying person that he is, called me out for indulging in a bite of a cream puff over the weekend).

Other than positive support from peers and online, you need to be able to motivate yourself. Keep a list of why you are doing keto on your fridge. Don't go anywhere you may be tempted to eat carbs. Only keep healthy food in the house. Experiment with keto cooking and find ways to satisfy your cravings - if I want something sweet I make fat bombs and if I want pizza I make an almond flour pizza crust. 

The other thing is don't knock yourself for making mistakes. Eat an oreo? Who cares, continue keto from that point on. If you feel guilty about it, it usually makes you want to binge on carbs all day. Learn to pick yourself up immediately after making a mistake. 

I hope that helps! 
 




 Get rid of the scale completely, or give it to someone you trust and only weigh yourself every week or so. 

I'm getting a little to obsessive with the scale myself and I decided to rely more on measurements than the scale. You might want to attempt to participate in no weigh August!  




 It just feels really fucked up to get your motivation from hating other people. That can't be healthy.  




 That's my hobby too! I've been playing Skyrim a lot lately.  




 If someone told me this story in person that is literally the exact thing I would tell them.  




 Just gotta keep calm and keto on! I had a bit of a slip up yesterday at a fair I went to. I just needed to plan my day better and bring something small to snack on to keep me satiated. I find once I slip up a tiny bit, I use it as an excuse to just keep eating like crap. Thankfully I'm back on the keto wagon again today! 




 Oh damn, I never thought of this, such a good idea!  




 If someone is the type to claim I have "daddy issues" I'm going to throw it right back in their face. Should have clarified.  




 I like to tell men who annoy me that they have "mommy issues." It takes them off guard and freaks them out. Then they get defensive and it is hilarious. 




 FC is 0447-6006-7062.

 




 0447-6006-7062! I'll have my town open, I just got back into it so it's kind of a mess.  
























 Awesome! So if my face has been handling the two products well but split in the morning and night, is it possible that using both at night could cause irritation? Or is my face basically used to it now? 




 A lot of people like Cerave products because they are very cheap. I would say look into a Cerave cleanser and a moisturizer (a lot of people like Cerave PM). Also, if you aren't wearing sunscreen during the day please check out the recommendations for one in the sidebar. 

As for the acne, I would look into the spot treatment recommendations. So that's about four products I believe? Cleanser, moisturizer, sunscreen, and spot treatment.  




 I believe you can use both, as long as they aren't drying. Just be sure to wait about 10 minutes after using the BP for it to dry, and then use the TTO mixed with a carrier oil. If you don't dilute the TTO it can cause a chemical burn, so be careful. 




 Yes. It could be any of the new products, but avoid using any products with fatty alcohols and see how your skin responds. If your skin is getting worse there's no point continuing your routine! Good luck. 




 I use the same Alpha Hydrox product. I think you should probably just use it once a day, preferably at night. I don't think you need to switch to a lower % if your skin isn't irritated. But yes, twice may be too much chemical exfoliation. 




 Can I use my Neutrogena Rapid Clear Acne Defense Lotion (SA 2%) and my Alpha Hydrox (10% glycolic acid) both at night? I really don't have a lot of time in the morning to wait for the Neutrogena lotion (and I believe I have to wait 20-30 minutes?). Can I do both at night? And how long do I wait in between? 

I know I've seen people use the PC AHA and BHA both at night but I'm not sure how to go about it. 

Also, just wanted to share a little success. I had a pimple growing on my cheek and I just left it alone, didn't pop it, nothing. I put my BP cream on it, and last night I mixed a bit of neem oil in with my moisturizer and this morning it was really, really reduced in size and the redness has lessened as well. So yay! I'm just recovering from a pimple I popped on my lip a few days ago that is now an ugly scab...sigh. 




 Haha I've become a little obsessed honestly. Sunscreen is my number one thing to replace with an Asian product once I have the money. And I was looking at the biore one, it's actually on my amazon wishlist lol. But thanks for the info, I would like a sunscreen with more than spf 30. 




 Why do you use the Thayer's on non-AHA days? Are you not supposed to use the two in one night? 




 Current routine:

AM - 

1.) Rinse face with water.

2.) Thayer's Witch Hazel as a toner.

3.) Neutrogena Rapid Clear Acne Defense Lotion. Wait 10-20 minutes.

4.) Benton Snail Bee High Content Essence. 

5.) Clinique Acne Solutions Emergency Gel Lotion on any active pimples.

6.) Light layer of Cerave in the tub.

7.) Neutrogena Dry Touch Sunscreen spf 30.


PM - 

1.) Makeup remover wipe.
 
2.) OCM with sunflower oil.

3.) Cleanse with Cerave Foaming Cleanser.

4.) Thayer's Witch Hazel.

5.) Alpha Hydrox, 10% Glycolic Acid

6.) Benton Snail Bee High Content Essence.

7.) Clinique Acne Solutions Emergency Gel Lotion on active pimples. 

8.) Cerave in the tub.

9.) Thin layer of Vaseline. 


Questions: 

Can someone check that the order of my products is okay? I recently added in the witch hazel, is it okay to use that twice a day, and do I use it right after cleansing? 

Also, when should I use my Benton Snail Bee? I've been using it after I wait for my AHA or BHA. 

I bought neem oil because I heard it was good for acne. If I use it with sunflower oil as my OCM, will it help with acne? Or do I need to apply it directly to spots? I guess what I'm saying is how do I get the most benefit from it? I've heard people mix it with their moisturizer which I have tried. 

Also, I haven't really noticed any different in my acne since using the BHA and AHA, but I have noticed a definite change in the feel of my skin. Do I just need to keep using them? My skin feels so much nicer, and if I skip my AHA at night I can definitely tell the next day. But as far as appearance goes I don't see a difference. Would it be worth it to try the Paula's choice BHA or AHA? Or are the products I'm using pretty comparable? 

Sorry for the book. I'm trying to be patient with my skin. I take good care of it now, and have been for the past 3 months or so, and other than the feel of my skin I honestly can't tell a difference. If I started incorporating more exercise into my life, would that potentially help my skin? Is there any research to suggest that better fitness helps skin at all? That's one thing I could try along with getting more vitamins in my diet because I eat pretty terrible. 

Thanks for the help!! 




 Thanks for the info! What does androgenic activity mean if you don't mind me asking?  




 Oh good advice! Thanks!  




 That's good, I'm hoping that will be the case for me too.  Thanks for the help.  




 Thanks, I'll do that!  




 Thanks! I always knew it could help but didn't know it could make it worse.  




 Oh no :( I'll have to talk to my doctor at the appointment. I've been on three different types of birth control but none have broken me out, so hopefully I won't have issues, but I am older now so who knows... Thanks for the input.  




 I am considering starting on the pill, but I am a little concerned that the hormonal changes might affect my skin somehow. I have pretty mild acne and I only get really bad pimples during my period. When I used to be on birth control, I don't remember if it made my skin any better but it didn't make it worse. 

However, I'm going to be taking a different brand of pill, so is there any chance it could cause me to break out? What are your experiences with birth control and acne, positive and negative? 

Thanks! 




 Well the reason I kept using it was because it was also a lotion and supposedly very hydrating, with the hyaluronic acid in it. So is it still okay to use? I understand I'm not getting any boosted effect. 

Yeah, the sugar will probably be too much for my skin. I'm already doing an AHA and a BHA but I want my skin smoother... Maybe I should just give it time. 

Oh, also, if it's a product, how do I tell which one? I added neem oil and the hado labo sunscreen around the time I started breaking out, but a few weeks before that I introduced sunflower oil. And it's weird because it's only on my temple area!  




 Ohgodwhy. I need to stop browsing this sub because I need money leftover for textbooks T_T 




 Your bath and body lotion probably has a lot of fragrance in it which can irritate skin.  I use vaseline intensive moisturizer which is fragrance free. I also use Cerave SA repair cream which helps keep my legs really smooth and exfoliated.  




 So my routine is:
AM - splash face with water, rapid clear acne defense lotion sa 2%, neutrogena spf 30

PM - Ocm with sunflower oil, Thayers witch hazel as toner, alpha hydrox 10% glycolic acid, wait 30 minutes, benton snail bee high content essence, cerave moisturizer, then dab neem oil on spots, then thin layer of vaseline. 

So I have these spots now on the sides of my face, they seem to be slowly fading but they appeared randomly about a week ago. They're like little bumps, possibly closed comedones but some of then I can wipe away with physical exfoliation. What is this? Would any product have caused that? They appeared near my temples and I never get acne there. For the record I change my pillow case every night and use sulfate free everything. 

Also, I bought Hado Labo sunscreen, thinking it was the lotion everyone talks about (it was heavily discounted) but it's only spf 18. Can I use this in addition to my spf 30? Is it okay to layer sunscreen? I just want to get some use out of it. 

What can I use for physical exfoliation? I have the eco tools konjac sponge but it's not abrasive enough, and the studio beauty konjac sponge is too abrasive so I only use it on my body. I always like the microexfoliant from Dermalogica but it's too expensive for me right now. Can I use brown sugar mixed with water or is that a big no no?  




 My boyfriend does the same thing! I think he's just not very observant.  




 I just purchased Thayer's Witch Hazel but I am not sure where to put this in my routine. How do you guys use it? 

Also, how often can I apply a clay mask? The only area I get somewhat oily in is my nose, so I wanted to apply my mint julep mask on my nose more than once a week (also in an effort to reduce my SFs). My routine is below.

So my current routine is as follows:

AM - rinse face, apply Neutrogena Rapid Clear Acne Defense Lotion with 2% SA, wait 15-30 minutes, then apply Cerave in the tub - if dry - then Neutrogena Dry Touch Sunscreen with spf 30.

PM - OCM with sunflower oil, cleanse with Cerave Foaming Cleanser, then apply Alpha Hydrox 10% glycolic acid, wait 30 minutes, apply Benton High Content snail essence (my newest buy!), then I do a mix of neem oil and my cerave moisturizer, then layer with vaseline.

I patch tested everything, introduced one at a time, etc etc. I just started using my neem oil with my moisturizer so I'm excited to see if that helps at all. 

My acne is pretty much at bay (for now), I have one pimple on my lip but I'm doing all the things I can to prevent acne (fresh pillow case every night, SLS-free toothpaste, conquered my obsessive face touching, I don't pick anymore). 

Thanks for the help! 




 Check out the sidebar information on starting a routine. A lot of people like Cerave products. When I first started out with a skincare routine I would remove my makeup with mineral oil, then wash the oil off with Cerave Foaming Cleanser. Then I use Cerave in the tub moisturizer. You can find all of these products at Walgreens or a drugstore. 

It's a lot of trial and error with acne. And it's a learning process! 




 I put on a ton of moisturizer and sleep with vaseline :( And I'm never flaky! My only symptom is itchiness.  




 How can I minimize the itchiness of BP? I find that my Clinique emergency gel spot treatment works really well but after I use it my face itches like crazy the next day. Is there any way to prevent this?  




 Am I the only one who likes the smell? My boyfriend HATES it lol. But I don't mind it!  




 Do you have oily or dry skin? I would check out the advice in the sidebar. 

My recommendation is finding a gentle cleanser and using that only once a day to prevent drying out your skin. Sometimes Cetaphil can cause breakouts so it might be worth trying something else.  




 How do you keep the vaseline on your face at night? I always end up on my side or my stomach and it's pretty much all gone in the morning so I'm not sure it's really doing much.  




 Damn! I gotta order some next time I put in a purchase on Amazon.  




 Ooooh! I really want to try the super volcanic pore clay mask and all the green tea stuff from innisfree. Everything looks awesome.  




 Dang I should order one after hearing such good reviews!  




 So I did some searching and [this](http://www.amazon.com/Skyroad-Quality-Exfoliating-Mitten-package-/dp/B00CA8ZEIS/ref=sr_1_1?s=hpc ie=UTF8 qid=1408551434 sr=1-1 keywords=italy+cloth) product was recommended for exfoliating KP. I guess you soak in the bath first and then exfoliate. Could be similar to what you'd get using the gloves but it is a Korean product haha.  




 I think it's quite textured, more so than a konjac sponge. But it may depend on the brand. I know I have a studio beauty "konjac sponge" that is not really that, and so rough I can't use it on my face - but it's okay on my body. 

Are you sensitive to tea tree oil? I read of someone having success with using a mix of tea tree oil and a carrier oil on their KP. could be worth a shot. 

Other than that, you could try other chemical exfoliants like glycolic acid or lactic acid. Paula's Choice has a few products made specifically for KP, but I'm not sure on the ingredients. 

Another possibility is neem oil, which is used for some skin conditions like eczema  and I use it for my acne. I have not tried it on my KP but if anything it would be moisturizing. 

I would keep the areas you have KP very very moisturized, and I really love my vaseline intensive care lotion that is fragrance free. And I would try exfoliating the area as much as your skin can tolerate it. Check out exfoliating gloves whenever you're in a drug store next just to get a feel for how the texture is. 

I hope that helps. It gives you a few things to try. I might do a search now for Asian products meant for KP because I'm curious now!  




 What products have you tried?

For my KP my routine is to exfoliate the area when I shower with some exfoliating gloves (I got mine at Walgreens), and then keeping the area shaved. Then I use Cerave SA Renewing Lotion (I believe that's what it's called... It's got salicylic acid in it). I use this at least once a day. I also use vaseline fragrance free moisturizer and avoid any lotions with fragrance as they can irritate KP. 

So I know none of those are Asian products but I have found this routine to be working. The exfoliating has helped immensely and the lotion from Cerave is quite good. I have also heard the Repair Cream from Paula's Choice, the bha, is also very effective for KP but I haven't tried it myself. 

Apparently more people see improvement with a BHA than an AHA with their KP, so if you wanted to find an Asian product I would look for one that is a BHA or has salicylic acid in it. 

Oh, and tight clothing can aggravate KP, as well as scratching or picking at it, so it's best to wear looser fitting clothes whenever possible. I got all this info from a video on YouTube but I can't remember who it was! I hope that helps!  




 I was gonna get the steam cream haha! But I resisted! Maybe in next haul :)  




 Hey I'm new too! Since I'm on a budget I only bought two products initially, the Benton Snail Bee high content essence because I read such good reviews of it on here, and then some sheet masks to have fun with. 

Then I'll probably get some OST C20 to treat my PIH. These will just be added to my current routine, and eventually I'm going to patch test a sunscreen and replace my Neutrogena sunscreen with it. 

So basically I'm adding products in slowly so I can get use out of my old products and patch test new Asian products to improve my routine! 




 Hey guys! I'm new to this subreddit. I have my first order coming soon, I got the Benton Snail Bee High Content Essence and a pack of MBD sheet masks. I'm excited! I am a broke college student so this is a dangerous addiction lol. I'm already filling up my amazon wishlist with other products to try! I really want to get OCT C20 to help my PIH. 

Today is a really lazy day for me, since I have about a week of winter break left until school. I should really stop buying things so I can pay off my tuition lol...  




 Thanks! I'm not sure what the acne is even after looking at the guide. I'll have to do more research into it.  




 I would use it once or twice a week or as much as your skin can tolerate it.  




 My current routine is:

AM - Splash face with water, Neutrogena rapid clear acne lotion with 2% SA, wait around 10-15 minutes, and then neutrogena dry touch sunscreen SPF 30.

PM - Remove makeup with mineral oil or a makeup wipe. Oil cleanse with mix of neem oil and sunflower oil, wipe off with microfiber cloth. If I feel dirty still I will use my Cerave foaming cleanser after the oil cleanse. Then I apply Alpha Hydrox 10% glycolic acid and wait 30 minutes. Then I apply my clinique emergency gel with 10% BP on any acne spots and wait 10-15 minutes. Then I apply moisturizer and a layer of vaseline.

I haven't been using the BP as much because it leaves my face so itchy the next day!

My question is if I wanted to use neem oil as a spot treatment how would I do so? Do I put it on before my moisturizer or after? I feel like if I use it before my moisturizer then wouldn't my moisturizer wipe it away? Or do I wait to let the oil sink in?

Also, what is it called when you don't have whiteheads or pimples but it's like hard plugs in my pores? If I pop them they come out as hard bits of I assume sebum or something. If I pop them they go away very quickly but if I don't it feels like they're on my face forever. What can I do about this? 




 Baha I got a good chuckle out of the whole shoving fruit up your ass!  




 Yeah they're plastic, but if you want you could use like regular gloves. Just whatever will keep the vaseline on your hands! 




 I want to record my skincare regime so that I can pinpoint what is most effective, but I'm not sure how to do so. Does anyone else do this? How do you organize it? 

At this point I'm just writing down what I did each night, but I'd rather have something more organized. Any ideas?  




 Yeah, I'm pretty much the same way. More stress = more acne. I have pretty bad anxiety so I'm taking medication (I'm taking 50mg of sertaline for anxiety/depression) and it's reduced some stress. 

So my only suggestion is to reduce the anxiety somehow, either through lifestyle changes or medication. Also, you should try to get 8 hours of sleep - I started taking melatonin at night since I sometimes have trouble getting to bed on time.  




 Do you use any kind of moisturizer on your hands? Any time I wash my hands I use a moisturizer. 

At night you can apply a moisturizer and then apply vaseline + gloves (I use the plastic ones) and you'll wake up with super smooth hands! 




 Parents can be super cruel. My mom was like this when I was in high school and for a teenager I had pretty moderate acne. I scrubbed my face so hard after she told me I had gross blackheads on my nose (which turned out to be just sebaceous filaments, which are normal), I was left with just a giant scab on my nose. Ugh. 

Sometimes oil production occurs because you are not moisturizing your face enough. You could try not washing your face in the morning and just using water, then your moisturizer. 

You could also try doing a mask weekly if you aren't already! I really love my Aztec Healing Clay and my Mint Julep mask. Those are both good for oily skin types. 

Good luck, don't let your parents get you down. Keep hanging out with your awesome friends! 




 It's SLS, or sodium lauryl sulfate. Sensodyne toothpaste doesn't have that ingredient so I use it now! 




 My boyfriend will just be like "boobs!" and then go back to what he was doing haha.  




 Lol true. My bf brought me chocolate cake during my period. And he even bought me the right tampons, such a keeper.  




 I have, yeah, which is why I was looking into the super serum because it has both vitamin C and niancinamide. But I'm also using the Alpha Hydrox and SA 2% with not a lot of change :( 




 My current routine is:

AM - Splash face with water, Neutrogena rapid clear acne lotion with 2% SA, wait around 10-15 minutes, and then neutrogena dry touch sunscreen SPF 30.

PM - Remove makeup with mineral oil or a makeup wipe. Oil cleanse with mix of neem oil and sunflower oil, wipe off with microfiber cloth. If I feel dirty still I will use my Cerave foaming cleanser after the oil cleanse. Then I apply Alpha Hydrox 10% glycolic acid and wait 30 minutes. Then I apply my clinique emergency gel with 10% BP on any acne spots and wait 10-15 minutes. Then I apply moisturizer and a layer of vaseline. 

This routine specifically has been used for about 2 weeks, but I have been doing a skin routine similar to this for a couple of months. I included one product at a time and patch tested everything.

My issue is with my PIH. I don't feel like it's fading at all. My acne is generally gone, I only have issues with acne on my jawline that I believe is because I have a problem resting my chin in my hands. My only problem is I have a lot of PIH and it's really frustrating. What else can I do to fade it? I have been using a combo of some kind of AHA and 2% SA for a month or two. 

I have been considering getting a serum, like the super serum from Silk Naturals. Would this help with the PIH?

Also, for my body I am using the SA renewing lotion from Cerave in the morning and then either my Amlactin or my Alpha Hydrox at night to exfoliate and keep my KP at bay. What else can I do for my KP/bumpy skin? How often can I exfoliate my body physically? Thank you!!! 




 What is the difference between KP and regular pores? My legs look okay if you're a few feet away but if you look close they have red spots all over, and they are slightly raised. Is that KP? Or is that what regular legs look like? 

I guess my stupid question is what are pores supposed to look like on your body?? 




 What will a derm do? Would they give you a prescription or would you have to get laser treatment? 




 I had the same question actually, I have bad self-harm scars on my leg. I hope you're all good now! 

The only thing I would suggest is to put sunscreen on the scars if they will be exposed to the sun at all.  




 I did keto for a while and it didn't change anything about my skin :( 




 That study can be found [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/SkincareAddiction/comments/2rupwx/low_glycemic_indexload_diet_is_beneficial_for/).  




 The downvotes are because there isn't a lot of data to back up eating healthier with better skin health. Better overall health, yes, but eating better doesn't necessarily make your skin better. 




 You look so amazing and so much happier! I love how simple your routine is too.  




 Wait, the oil mix works on your KP? How often do you apply it? 




 I've tried a couple of things over the years. You could try stretching before you go to bed, or progressive muscle relaxation, which is where you tense muscles individually and then release the tension. You could add in small amounts of exercise during your day, since the idea is that the more tired your body is the easier it will be to sleep.

I also tend to sleep with some kind of video on that I find relaxing. Lately I've been watching Sims 4 house builds! Videos on Soothetube tend to be quite popular. 

I also suggest taking melatonin, which someone else suggested. This also helps if I take it after waking up in the middle of the night and can't fall back asleep. I would also avoid caffeine any time after the morning. 

Good luck. Creating a before sleep "routine" is often helpful as well, because it cues your brain that it's time to sleep - i.e. brushing your teeth, drinking tea, changing into PJs, etc etc.  




 What product do you use?  




 For the scarring, I would recommend using a chemical exfoliator like an AHA or BHA (you can look in the sidebar for more information). You could also check out the information about PIH, which is the technical term for acne scarring. 

Also, be sure that you are using sunscreen daily because the sun can darken acne scars. 

There's also information on the sidebar about routines for combination skin or oily skin. Good luck! 




 Is it okay to switch up my routine from day to day? All of the products I have used I patch tested and I know they don't break me out, and I introduced them slowly. I basically just switch up the products I use for chemical exfoliation and for treating breakouts. 

Right now I'm interested in fading my PIH and making my skin look more glowy - if that makes sense - so I've looked into some serums like the Silk Naturals Super Serum. Has anyone used this? Does anyone use a serum with Vitamin C and what have the results been like?

Thanks! 




 Definitely not. I did nothing for my skin until I was in my 20s my skin was never that dry! Hopefully you can find the root of the problem.  




 What's your current routine? 

I assume that's PIH, which you can read about in the sidebar. What's usually recommended is adding in an AHA! Also, be sure to wear sunscreen everyday to prevent future spots. 









 I had this problem too, then I tried mixing it with a makeup brush I don't use anymore (it was clean!) and that worked well to get out the clumps. 

It was also recommended to use apple cider vinegar instead of water but I haven't tried it yet.  




 I would experiment with different oils just because coconut oil can cause breakouts. I would start with mineral oil because it's a good starter oil and see how that goes. 

For dryness, a lot of people on here like to put vaseline or aquaphor on their face after their moisturizer, and I find that keeps my skin very smooth. 

I would definitely read up in the sidebar in routines for dry skin!  




 Thanks! I have seen konjac sponges recommended before so I might pick some up. I've seen an ecotools one I believe at target.  




 Hey I did a similar look recently off of a video from Batalash. Is that where you got your inspiration? I love those two colors together! 




 Like the other posters I just apply it once in the morning, as I do wear makeup.  




 Holy crap, this could totally be why I get acne on one side of my face even after changing my pillow cases all the time. Thank you!!! Gonna wash my pillows now. 




 So right now this is my basic routine:


AM: Neutrogena Dry Touch sunscreen spf 30, then occasionally Clinique Acne Solutions Emergency Gel-Lotion (BP 10%) if I have spots.


PM: Remove makeup with sunflower oil, then mix neem and sunflower oil together for oil cleansing, then I use Neutrogenas Rapid Clear Acne Defense Face Lotion (which has salicylic acid in it), wait around for 10-20 minutes, then Cerave in the tub, then a thin layer of vaseline.

Once a week I do a clay mask.

I did patch test and added everything one at a time, this routine has been a big work in progress!

So my question is, my skin has really been looking a lot better, especially since adding the neem oil. I don't really even get spots anymore and my PIH is fading. However, on the sides of my face I'm noticing bumps, and I don't think they are closed comedones because I can scrub them off. What is that? 

Anyway, I'm also wondering if I should add in physical exfoliation to my routine, and if so, what? I do have a Clarisonic but I don't know if that would be too harsh. Can I just use a washcloth?

Thanks!

Edit: I forgot! I also wanted to ask about sheet masks, because I wanted to try them out. Where can I get them, and what kind should I get? My skin is really normal and not really oily or dry, and I have light acne and PIH. I also heard you can use sheet masks as much as you want, is that true? 




 Ahaha this is hilarious! And I thought my boyfriend was bad.  




 I think so. According to the website it says cerave is a humectant (I think) and can be drying so following it with an occlusive is a good idea. I thought it was from my BP but I stopped using it and it still happened. So I just put vaseline on top and my lids are much nicer.  




 Oh my god this picture is hilarious.  




 Wow that makeup is killer! Awesome job.  




 Flaky in my eyelid crease.  




 I do, but I had issues with my Cerave making my eyelids dry, so I follow up the moisturizer with a small amount of vaseline. For whatever reason my eyelids dry out like that, not sure if it's because it's winter.  




 I have ringing in just my left ear but I've always had issues with it not draining properly. I do notice that when I'm very anxious that ear does ring, but it isn't constant.  




 Do you have anyone close to you who knows you have anxiety? You could have them call for you or have them come to your appointment. 

It's the first step but it's often the hardest. Good luck!  




 Thanks! I have am-lactin body lotion at home, I do find it makes my legs smooth but it smells bad to me. I will check out that shave gel too! 




 Do you wax them at home or get it done professionally? 

I'll check out that moisturizer! Thanks!  
























 It sounds like your skin is dehydrated if it's producing that much oil. I would definitely make sure you are moisturizing and wearing sunscreen. 

Take a look at the sidebar and some product recommendations. When I first started I got a basic cleanser, a moisturizer, and a sunscreen. I made sure to take my makeup off, then switched my pillow cases more frequently. Then I added other products in slowly. You just have to be patient! I know it sucks because you are used to clear skin. 

If youve got any questions about specific products just ask in the routine threads, and be sure to patch test and introduce new products one at a time.  




 I went vegan for about 6 months, did not notice any change in my skin. I also did keto for about 6 months, and no change in my skin (no carbs). 

So I personally didn't benefit from a dietary change, but it could be worth trying.  




 Yes, those look like closed comedones to me. What's your current routine?  




 Yay! I'm glad I can help someone else out, even though I myself am pretty depressed. Depression is very lonely.

I like your description of depression. And then people ask you, why don't you just stand up? My SO has been upsetting me lately saying things like, "You create your own happiness." I feel like chemically my body can't do that sometimes. 

I read a quote once that said depression is like going into the woods and initially you can see out of it, you just go back the way you came. But go forward a few steps more and soon you don't know where you came in from and you're wandering around for a long time lost in these woods. And you don't know what direction you should turn, and it feels like every step you take you're more lost and alone. It was a really beautiful quote and I wish I could find it but that rings very true for me. I have to remind myself that it IS very chemical at its core, and that I'm not lazy or stupid or I don't try hard enough. What I actually like most about the metaphor is that when you're in the woods and you're lost there is a lot to learn if you just look around and experience it. 

And I really do feel like skincare and emotional health are very intertwined. Acne and other skin issues can wreck your self-esteem. So I think a lot of people on here are depressed, maybe even because of their skin. So I think it's related!

Today I stayed in my PJs because I'm feeling slightly under the weather (I actually do have a cold, haha), but also a little depressed. I ended up doing my OCM routine with sunflower oil and I remembered how good it feels. And if you haven't experienced a sheet mask you're missing out! They feel so wonderful, and the perfect pick me up for my sad days. 

I'm glad you're okay! I'm okay too :) 




 Wow I could totally use that!  




 Awesome, thanks!  




 That's an amazing idea. Thank you!  




 So I have had my ears pierced in the past but they were constantly infected no matter what I did, so I let them close. I'd still like earrings, but I'm too chicken to deal with the needle and I think I'd still have the issue of irritation. 

Is there any place that sells cute clip ons? Preferably ones that don't make it obvious you are wearing clip ons? Do these exist? I only know of earrings like that for young girls. 

Any help is appreciated. Thanks! 




 I would check out the beginner routines in the sidebar for more info. 

It depends in when you shower. I tend to shower before I go to bed, so I wash my face with oil to remove dirt and makeup, then I go in with a cerave foaming cleanser. You can get cleanser recommendations in the sidebar. I personally really like my cerave foaming cleanser. 

If you mean bar soap, no, you should not cleanse with that. Like I said there are recs in yeh sidebar depending on skin type! After that, apply the spot treatment and then wait for it to dry, then apply moisturizer.  




 So I don't have curly hair, but I assume it's still healthier? I just chemically treated my hair so I want to keep it as healthy as possible and I do wrap my head in a towel.  




 No I can't buy anymore!! I already have an unopened box of stridex pads but they're so cheap.  




 It's possibly your toothpaste. Most toothpastes have sodium lauryl sulfate in them which can cause breakouts. Switching to a toothpaste like Sensodyne or another brand without SLS could fix the issue.  




 Why the t-shirt instead of the towel? Is a towel too rough?  




 I have heard loofahs don't really exfoliate that well. I use exfoliating gloves I found at Walgreens. I know The Body Shop sells some nice ones on Amazon. I like the gloves because it gives me lots of control. 

But I also second the Korean exfoliating towel, that is highly recommended! 

AmLactin is great! It really helped my bumps. Right now I'm testing out the Cerave SA Repair Lotion and it's working nicely too, but it's a bit expensive at 20 bucks a tub. I might go back to AmLactin but it is a bit smelly haha! 

Oh, and as far as general tips, I like to keep my skin very moisturized, so along with a medicated lotion like the AmLactin I use fragrance free vaseline intensive care lotion. I moisturize twice a day, once with each type of lotion. 

[Here](http://youtu.be/KTX542IdCjM) is a fantastic video on treatment for KP!  




 I'm sorry you got kicked out. Is there anyone who could go to the house to pick those things up for you? 

I am going to take this as a lesson, always keep a nice sheet mask in my purse so just in case I get stuck without my skin care products I can still feel fabulous!  




 I have struggled with depression for a while as well. Yes, it could be worse. But, it's bad for you right now, and that's okay. I think when we're in the midst of a bad rut of depression we run through a list of things to say to ourselves that end up making us feel worse. It's okay to feel depressed and to not wash your face or your clothes. Its okay to just be, honestly. 

I try to think of my depression as an illness, which, I guess it is, but more like when I have a cold or the flu. When I have the flu, I probably don't go through my whole morning routine. I probably don't wash my face, or change my clothes. I just relax. I lay in bed, watch movies, and allow my body to heal. Also, I forgive my body for getting sick, because it happens. And I ride it out, because I know it has an end. 

The same is true for your depression. It can feel endless, but give yourself time to heal. Forgive yourself. And your body, since there are a lot of physical sensations with depression. Don't feel guilty about skipping your regular routine. I am a big believer in that if you are good to yourself, especially emotionally, you will heal that much faster and be ready to face your routine again a lot faster. But if you feel guilt about that pause in your life, then healing takes a lot longer and you end up in a cycle of self hate. At least, I know I do! 
So relax. It's normal to have these feelings and it's okay. And your depression does have an end. You don't need to force yourself to do anything. I hope you have loved ones around you who can help you, but it sounds like you do.  




 Hm, that hasn't ever happened to me. Have you tried cleansing and then using a clay mask or the mint julep? That might help loosen the oil a bit more. Then you can do the oil massage after. That has helped me in the past!  




 I have been on my routine for a few weeks now with minor changes and additions, and my skin is definitely improving. However, I still get pimples. Not bad ones at all, but I generally have at least one active pimple at any time. 

Does that mean my routine isn't as good as it could be? What should my goal be with my skin? 100% clear? Or just some improvement? 

And if I only get a pimple here and there, that doesn't mean a product is breaking me out, correct? Because that's pretty consistent with what my skin was like before. 

Is there anything I can add to my routine to prevent these pimples? It's possibly hormonal because I always get one painful pimple before my period. 

My routine is mornings, rinse my face, Thayers witch hazel, apply an SA 2% lotion, wait, apply benton snail bee essence, then apply BP 10% to spots, wait, apply cerave moisturizer, then sunscreen. 

Night I remove makeup, ocm with sunflower oil, cleanse with cerave foaming, witch hazel, alpha hydrox glycolic acid 10%, wait, occasional sheet mask, then snail bee, then the BP, wait, then I moisturize with cerave mixed with a bit of neem oil, then sometimes vaseline. 

One last question, I know my BP concentration is quite high. Could this be causing irritation and lead to more pimples? Or is that not possible? 

Thank you guys!!  




 Yay! I totally feel the same. I have depression and anxiety and though I am on medication taking my own steps to better myself has helped a lot. 

And, as a bonus, when I'm really depressed and don't want to get out of bed, my skincare routine makes me want to!  




 I feel like it warranted it's own post. I really relate to it!  




 Your skin looks great!  




 Pretty much every time I wash my hands I use moisturizer. I carry some with me at all times. My hands are super smooth even now and I live in a cold climate. 

What I do at night is moisturize with lotion and then rub some vaseline on my knuckles to keep the moisture in. 

I got these Eucerin hand creams that I keep in my purse, they were half off at Walgreens! I prefer lotions that are fragrance free so Eucerin or Vaseline are good brands.  




 I actually use a cream that has 10% BP. My skin has been ok on it, sometimes it gets itchy and red, so I make sure to only put it on blemishes and wait for it to dry (10-15 minutes) before moving on to moisturizer. 

I would try it out so you don't waste money on something new. If your skin can tolerate it use it, but there isn't evidence to suggest that 10% BP is better than 2.5% or 5%. If your skin gets irritated I would switch to a 2.5% formula.  




 Eep it's still on sale!!! I'm gonna have to start a no buy after this lol.  




 This is amazing and hilarious!  




 Oo where'd you buy the OST serum from? It's next up on my buy list but I want to find it at a decent price.  




 I bought my Aztec clay from Amazon, I got a two pound tub for like 16 bucks! And the only ingredient in it is clay. The mint julep has spearmint which can be too tingly and painful for some.  




 Ugggh no I don't need any more sheet masks but also I kind of need more. MBD is amazing, my favorite is the black pearl one and the Aloe one!  




 How often do you change your bed sheets or wash your bras? 

I would use a spot treatment on it like SA or BP. Stridex pads were recommended and those would work well if you had someone to swipe it on your back! I would also make sure to keep your back clean and keep clothes clean.  




 Yes, it could very well be the Cetaphil. I would try to find a moisturizer without any fatty alcohols as these can be comedogenic. Look out for cetyl alcohol. If you need recommendations I would try searching fatty alcohols in the search bar in this subreddit, first result was moisturizer recs. I would link but I'm on mobile! 

Good luck! It could be a bunch of different factors too, hormones, excessive dryness, another product... Just keep experimenting. Skin is fickle. I'd try looking on Amazon for cheaper prices on skincare products!  




 And you will notice your acne more than anyone else! What you see in the mirror really isn't what other people see.  




 I agree with trying the Gold Bonds rough and bumpy, I went through two tubs of that stuff, it smells great. 

Right now I'm trying the Cerave SA repair cream with 2% salicylic acid. It's working great! I'll apply that about every other day, then use a fragrance free body lotion, right now I'm using vaseline intensive care at least once a day. 

Also, I use exfoliating gloves to physically exfoliate my body. You might want to check out /r/ladyshavers for some tips on shaving. I personally switched to a double edge razor and I use a fresh blade very frequently. I also find if I use mineral oil to shave my legs are quite a bit smoother. 

Good luck! 




 You could pick up some lens cleaner that's made for the glasses so they don't lose their color. That's all I can think of. Maybe ask at a glasses store?  




 Since you seem to know a lot about cats, my cat who is an older female is going to be merging households with two younger male cats. Do I do the whole separate the in separate rooms thing? How do I know what cat is the dominant one or not? My kitty has lived with me by herself for a while and she isn't used to other cats so I don't want it to be super traumatic.  




 She shaved them off completely it looks like, and drew them in like that!  




 Absolutely. I would look for a cream that has 2.5% BP in it, as anything higher than that is too drying and possibly irritating to the skin, especially if you have never used BP before. I found a 2.5% BP cream at Walgreens, I believe it was a Walgreens brand actually. 

A lot of people have success with the Tea Tree Oil spot treatment from Burt's Bees, which is also a drugstore item, but I find the alcohol in it way too drying and it burns my face.  




 I need to do this, or learn some discipline. I have so many products that I haven't used up yet. But seriously getting a package full of asian beauty products is literally the best thing ever. 




 Okay, so now I'm looking on ebay and buying ALL THE SHEET MASKS. Why are they so cheap? Why are there so many? I want them all. I seriously think I'm going to buy a ton and keep them in my purse to give to family and friends.  




 Oo that's true! I've heard that one before. I think that's so strange because for me the act of spending time putting on makeup is so meditative. It really calms me down and since it's a routine it helps set me in the right mood. I really feel off during the day if I don't have makeup on and I don't think it's just because I look different - my brain likes routine haha. Honestly I would encourage people, men included, to spend more time on themselves with things like makeup or skincare because it just feels nice.  




 LOL that is a hilarious image, and it's so true! My SO currently will just be like, do you want to have sex? I told him maybe he should try being romantic, and he tried really hard and it was super, super cute. He even said, "I'm trying to romance you." I laughed so hard. The fact that he tried was adorable. I think it's the effort that matters, and when a woman says she isn't in the mood it's like a cue saying, hey, be more romantic or caring! We should definitely communicate better too though.  




 Okay, thanks for the info! I'll try it and see how it goes. 




 Dude you can't get so worked up over what some idiots said on the Internet.  




 I think it's a cultural thing because I do see that in the media. But I think what's worse is making women who don't wear makeup out to be socially inept unhygienic weirdos. Or the stereotype that if you like makeup you must like all other girly stuff. I mean I'm obsessed with makeup but that doesn't mean I'm a huge gossip who watches the kardashians nonstop.  




 Those are so amazing. I love the candida one lmao, in the description it says "a great gift for someone prone to yeast infections." I'm sure that would go over well!  




 I want all of them.  




 I love black lipstick on people. It looks so awesome. I like to compliment people wearing bolder colors because they're braver than me haha.  




 My dad says this shit. And my ex-husband would get pissed if I put on makeup before going out with friends, because he was a jealous douche who thought I must be trying to look good for other guys. Good riddance to that relationship.  




 OK maybe I am just lucky, but I have never had anyone tell me I'm vain for being into makeup. If I talk about it they're like oh that's cool. Guys and girls. The only time I hear people talking shit about girls in makeup is on Reddit. 

I did have to argue with my dad about how no, I don't wear makeup just to impress dudes. But that's about it.  




 Yeah I think people are taking it way too seriously.  




 Awesome! I was considering adding TTO to my routine. Are you going to combine them in a bottle? I wonder if I should pick up a dropper bottle thing to combine the two.  




 That's awesome! My parents are 13 years apart and they have a great marriage. I really think it works. My mom always jokes and says my dad is really immature which is why their marriage has worked out haha. I think they just both have similar goals, they're both hard workers, and they support each other. Age really doesn't matter! 

Edit: That reminds me of the time some guy was hitting on my mom and asked if my dad was her uncle. My dad was like what the hell! It was hilarious.  




 When I was married I eventually started to hate sex. I saw it as a huge chore. Honestly I'm not sure why. I think I just wasn't attracted to him anymore and we really just got married too young and it was time to end things. With my SO now I LOVE sex and I want it all the time. I have never been as attracted to someone as my SO, it's insane.

I do feel like it's very, very important to me to have a stable emotionally intimate relationship with someone to properly enjoy sex. Maybe with those women they aren't feeling as emotionally satisfied and so don't enjoy sex as much. It's a give and take and I think a lot of relationships fail because they aren't communicating their needs properly. Thankfully I have learned from my mistakes in that regard and have a more fulfilling relationship now! 




 I do enjoy it, but usually if it's on a weekly basis. I just can't think of things to say every day. My mom and I will usually call each other once a week and can chat for an hour or so. But my grandma calls my mom EVERY DAY and drives my mom insane. Then she will call my aunt and talk about the same stuff! She is retired though so she's probably crazy bored! 




 I love it when my SO "caters" to me. When he opens doors for me, or buys me something nice, or helps me carry things. I love it! It makes me feel really special and wanted and loved. But I would never, ever demand those things from him. At that point, he wouldn't be doing it because he loved me, but because it's expected of him. And I wouldn't want that. 

Also, he's the kind of person who would make multiple trips to take groceries in (seriously what the fuck) and so I'm always carrying like 50 bags to his 2 and people make comments. But fuck them! I'm not spending twenty minutes taking groceries in man! 




 Okay, so I had a friend who would literally fuck anything that moved, and would probably have sex with at least 3 different guys a week. Whatever, I didn't care and didn't judge her for it. But every single time she did this, she would be like, "Oh my god I don't know what's wrong with me, I'm not usually like this. I am usually really classy and want guys to take me out on a few dates first." Like LADY I KNOW YOU. You like to get laid, just accept it and move on. 

She did admit to me later on that she probably had a sex addiction, which totally makes sense why she would try to cover that up by acting like all of the hookups were just a one time thing. And it's possible she would say those things as a defense mechanism so girls wouldn't call her slutty. Funny thing is she would call other girls slutty and was really upset with me when I told her I slept with a dude on the first night.  




 I think that's really true, as sad as it is. 




 I just met my friend's new girlfriend and literally one of the first things she said to me was, "I don't get along with other girls." Like what the fuck? Bitch I don't even know you, and already you're like, I'm not going to get along with you. I really feel like those types of girls are just really insecure.  




 I really hate shopping too, but I have a lot of anxiety in places like malls because malls never have any WINDOWS. What is up with that? Then I feel really claustrophobic. 

I second the spending my money on booze! 




 Oh god that's how my mom is too! I love her and I am super poor and she buys me clothes and that's awesome but dear god woman I can't handle all day shopping trips.  




 I think it's sweet when my SO comes along with me to try on clothes. He is super bored and clearly irritated but he does it anyway! And then he gets to tell me what looks good or not. He's actually more annoying than me when he tries on clothes so I have to put up with the same shit! And he takes longer than me too! 




 Okay, so my mom is a huge gossiper and I have attempted to avoid gossiping because I don't ever want to be mean to anyone and I couldn't stand the thought of someone gossiping about me, but it is seriously a huge way of connecting and bonding with another person. I know that sounds super shitty and it IS, but it is legitimately a way to become closer friends with someone. 

I try to balance it out by just participating in the conversation and not technically gossiping or being bitchy. For example, my mom was gossiping to me about her friend who has a PAIN KILLER ADDICTION and was like oh my god she's so messed up. And I'm like, wow, she must be going through a really tough time and needs a friend. I don't know...it's shitty but I do feel pressured into talking shit about people with certain girls just to fit in, even though I'm in my 20s. But I try to work around it! 




 That isn't true at all. My mom is the biggest gossiper I know and runs a successful business. So...she has real responsibilities, but she likes to gossip. To be fair my dad is the second biggest gossiper I know but he doesn't get as much shit for it for some reason.  




 This happened to me in middle school except it was the opposite, girls would literally slut shame other girls if they used tampons...because then you weren't a virgin anymore. Like what?  




 Because usually girls want to chat in the bathroom and it's kind of a nice break. Especially because you can talk about things in the bathroom that you couldn't out in the restaurant or bar. I used to hate it but now I see it as a nice opportunity to become closer friends with someone. Is a girl inviting me to go to the bathroom with her? Oh damn, she must think I'm really cool. So turning down that invite is kind of like saying you don't want to be friends. 




 Honestly I have dumbed myself down in front of a lot of people, not just guys, especially if they have that kind of abrasive personality where they want to argue with you about everything. Basically, if they see you talking about intelligent things and then try to debate you on things and "test" your knowledge. I feel like this is more common when I'm talking with guys. So I dumb myself down because when I'm out at a bar I want to talk about dumb shit and not prove my intelligence to some twat.  




 Haha oh god. I usually go crazy with the BP. My face really cannot tolerate more than one application of that stuff per day but I bring a tube with me during the day and keep applying it, and then my face gets super itchy and one day I ended up rubbing my eyes and must have still had some BP on my hands and my eyes were SO PUFFY it was disgusting. So that experience has helped me tone it down a little... 




 Yes, that's totally fine. A lot of people find washing twice a day is too drying. In the morning I usually just rinse my face with water and then apply a bit of moisturizer and then my sunscreen.  




 When do I use my Benton Snail Bee High Content Essence? Right now I'm using it after I put on my Alpha Hydrox AHA and wait 20 minutes. 

Also, when do you guys use sheet masks in your routine? I do mine after I use my AHA, then after the sheet mask I put on my Snail Bee Essence. Is that correct?

I'm almost out of my first pack of sheet masks (I got the best selling MBD box of 7). Does anyone have any recommendations for a good mask? I really like the moisturizing ones and the whitening ones. Should I just stick with MBD? Or are there any cheaper ones? I like buying my stuff on Amazon but maybe it's cheaper to use a different site. Thanks! 




 Thanks! 




 Hey everyone! I finally came down with a cold this winter after lasting this long without being sick. 

My poor nose is red and irritated but I'm moisturizing it and putting a little Vaseline on it. 

I am honestly really proud of myself for sticking with a routine for so long. I used to be really gross and sleep in my makeup, and I struggled since I was a teen to keep up with a routine. Yesterday I came home from a night out after drinking and I still went through my whole song and dance. I honestly LOVE my routine, and it makes me really happy to do it. It's sort of meditative now!

Also, I took all my makeup off at my boyfriend's house and he said I looked really cute without makeup on! So now I'm a bit more confident about how I look without it haha. And this is coming from a girl who used to just sleep in her makeup because oh the horror of having a guy see my plain face. 

I'll stop rambling. Hope ya'll have a good Friday!  




 Interesting! I have acne scars as well so I will look into rosehip oil. 

I'll look into Olay, I believe it's a fairly cheap moisturizer correct? I just use body lotion everyday and go through so much of it...and I can't justify spending a ton on a body lotion! 




 I think so yeah! If your skin is dry you can always use the moisturizer in the morning as well. 

Skin is pretty fickle though, so pay attention to how it reacts to the products. You may have to tweak things a bit but for now that looks like a solid routine.  




 I'm not sure. I do sometimes see a lot of posts that should be in the routine threat. Your best bet is to post in the routine thread and see if you get any responses. 

You could also message a moderator and see what they say. You don't have to post a picture of your face! Don't worry. 




  Regardless, skin doesn't have the capacity to be confused.

Oh gosh that made me laugh! 




 That's awesome! I love Benton. I just started using the Snail Bee High Content Essence but I want to get their steam cream too. But I have no money to spend on skincare right now T_T

That's too bad about your skin :( If I notice a pimple I go crazy sometimes and that usually causes more pimples. It feels like my skin has a mind of it's own sometimes. Like oh, you're going to overexfoliate? Screw you! Here's some more acne. At that point I just have to relax and simplify my routine...it's hard though. 




 What's the product called if you don't mind me asking? Sounds really nice! 




 I walk around a lot as I live in the city. I have a coat that has a hood that can button up around my face, or at least cover the area below my nose. That has been pretty good so far. If it's super cold (I live in Wisconsin) I will wear a scarf. I have a few that I rotate so I don't believe there would be any issue with them being too dirty.

Also, if you're worried about your skin drying out, I would put a thin layer of Vaseline on your face after your moisturizer, which will keep the moisture in! 




 How do you like the Olay body lotion? I want to find a cheap lotion for my body but I'm trying to avoid anything with a lot of fragrance. 

Also, what is the rosehip oil for? 




 If it isn't time for bed yet and I've showered I just apply moisturizer, to my face and body. I take super hot showers (I know, I know), and if I don't moisturize right after my shower my skin gets dry. 




 I second this, the Hado Labo Replenishing Lotion or whatever it is is super popular and can be used along with a regular moisturizer.  




 I use cerave in the tub and I never have issues with my foundation, but I don't have issues with dryness.  




 That is such a good idea about the Thayer's. I love how my skin feels after I use it. I'm totally going to get a spray bottle and mist that stuff on my face all day lol! 




 Awesome! After all the stories about bad experiences at the derm this is good to hear.  
























 Rant: It took me forever to figure out my Alpha Hydrox lotion was breaking me out. I used the 10% glycolic acid one and it was causing me little whiteheads on my neck and side of my face. Boo! Giving my face a break from AHAs right now.

Also, though I do think my tea tree oil is helping reduce my acne flareup from the AHA fiasco, it definitely makes my skin feel tight. What I've been doing is using a dropper to put the oil mix in my hand, and then rubbing it on the spots. What I might end up doing is taking a q-tip and dabbing it on only the acne, and then waiting a bit. For what it's worth I did dilute it so it's 10% tea tree oil to mineral oil.

Also, I love my Cerave in the tub. It makes my skin feel great. I was going to switch to Cerave PM because it has niacinamide in it. But I just love the way the Cerave in the tub feels on my skin, and I really don't like how the Cerave PM feels lol. Agh! I'm picky about how stuff feels on my face. 

Just bought: Cerave PM, another Mint Julep Masque (looove it), Hado Labo Replenishing Lotion, Tea Tree Oil (which I'm diluting with mineral oil), Mizon Good Night White Sleeping Pack, the Mizon all-in-one snail cream, and a giant amount of sheet masks. 

Raves: My sunflower oil is perfect for OCM. I also mix in neem oil and I LOVE it. The smell doesn't bother me at all! I was considering purchasing some safflower oil and mixing the three together. 

I also just have to rave about Vaseline. God I love it. I have gotten used to sleeping with it on finally even though I mash my face into my pillow at night. Oh well. It still keeps me moisturized, and I like to put some on my feet, knees, and elbows too! Oh, and my knuckles. My hands have never been smoother, and they are always insanely dry and patchy during winter. Not anymore!

Also, my Thayer's Witch Hazel with Rose and Aloe. Gosh. This stuff smells SO amazing and makes my face feel so good. I was considering transferring it to a spray bottle and misting it on my face during the day. Now that I'm a super skin addict I've been going out quite a bit without any makeup on so I don't have to worry about screwing that up. 




 There isn't really a way to test it other than buying another product without similar ingredients and then patch testing. Did you use both the Vanicream and the Cerave Foaming cleanser at the same time? Or did you use them separately and they both caused breakouts? 




 Have you checked into starting a beginner routine in the sidebar? I would recommend looking at the acne-prone routine for recommendations.  




 The alcohol is a good idea! He's not super into steak but I can probably think of another fancy meal he would like.  




 We've been together about 7 months. I mean I would know what to get him for like a bday or christmas but Valentine's day is weird. With my last SO I never celebrated it. 

I think maybe I'll offer to cook a nice dinner and we can drink and watch movies. 




 I need some help with recommendations/product order. Here is my routine:

**AM**:

* Rinse face.
* Pat face with Thayer's Witch Hazel.
* Apply Hado Labo Replenishing Lotion (is this the western version of the gokujyun lotion?)
* Benton Snail Bee High Content Essence
* Cerave in the tub if needed
* Neutrogena Dry Touch Sunscreen SPF 30


**PM**:

* OCM with sunflower oil and neem oil
* Cleanse with Cerave Foaming Cleanser
* Thayer's Witch Hazel
* Stridex red box. Wait 20 minutes.
* Hado Labo Replenishing Lotion.
* Benton Snail Bee High Content Essence
* Diluted tea tree oil as a spot treatment
* Cerave in the tub
* Mizon Good Night White Sleeping Mask
* Vaseline

How is my order? Do I apply the Hado Labo Lotion before I do my Stridex? Also, how do I use the Mizon sleeping pack? How much do I apply? I put a thin layer on and didn't feel like it was thick enough so I topped it off with Vaseline. Is that okay? Can I apply a thicker layer of the sleeping pack? Also, the bottle says to use it 2-3 times a week. Is that what I should be doing? I'm currently working on evening out my skin tone and fading some PIH (possibly PIE? I'm not sure). 

Also, I had to stop using my Alpha Hydrox Lotion as an AHA because it broke me out. Is there a good Asian alternative for an AHA? Or do I even need one? 

I'm looking to replace my Neutrogena when it runs out with an Asian sunscreen, preferably with SPF 50. What are some good suggestions? The Neutrogena is pretty thick and it makes my face look kind of greasy. 

I'm also looking for a spot treatment. What are some good Asian spot treatments? I have been using my tea tree oil for a few days now and it's okay. 

And what is pig collagen? I see it a lot when browsing for products. The packaging is super cute but what exactly is it? And what the heck is placenta? Is it actually placenta? Thanks for your help! I'm pretty new to this :) 




 Probably my neem oil, cerave in the tub, and sunscreen.  




 I want to do something nice for my SO for Valentines Day but I'm blanking on what I should get. I feel like you get a card and chocolates if you're a guy, but what do girls give the guys? 




 Lol this gif is adorable!  




 Baha this got me turned on too.  




 Oh my god. Gross. How selfish can you be!  




 I totally get this. I have issues going out with my boyfriend and his friends. I don't have any friends of my own so I feel pretty weird. It always makes me feel lonely when I'm with people because I feel so out of place. I wish I could enjoy socializing but I don't. 

Good luck tonight! 




 Nooooooo! That's too bad. Do you know why? I should check the ingredients!  




 Aw that's so sweet! I think I'd cry too haha.  




 When I used Alpha Hydrox I would apply it after my cleanser and then leave it on for 20-30 minutes, and then continue with my routine without wiping it off.  




 As long as it takes off your makeup fully it's fine. I personally use OCM to remove my makeup and then I use a foaming cleanser, but I wear pretty heavy makeup everyday and the only thing that removes my mascara is oil!  




 What's an alum block? You could be irritating your skin with too much exfoliation.  




 Interesting! I always suspected that certain chapstick dried out my lips!  




 Cool! I've been looking for a retinol. Do you really like the one you're using from PC?  




 Nice! Do you mean taut?  




 Interesting! I'll have to add this to my list of things to try.  




 Is the rosehip oil for moisture? I've heard it mentioned quite a bit on here. Does it do anything else for your skin?  




 I personally just use my cerave in the tub on my eyes and then top it off with vaseline to keep it moisturized. 

I know there are quite a lot of affordable eye creams recommended on /r/AsianBeauty. I really want to try the Mizon Snail Eye Cream. 

I think generally though most eye creams are just regular moisturizer!  




 Your skin looks great! What's your routine?  




 You monster.  




 It probably would if you are wiping oil off of your face. In that case if you are in direct sun I would reapply.  




 I don't see why you couldn't. I'd just check what ingredients are in them because they might potentially be irritating. Is there a specific tissue product you were looking at? 




 Why is Chapstick bad? 




 I would definitely cross post this to /r/makeupaddiction because they might be able to help with product reviews. I've never tried a brow or lash serum, but I know that removing all of my eye makeup has improved the appearance of my lashes! Maybe the same is true for brows.  




 It does irritate me because I spend a lot of time on the routine thread and see comments downvoted. I assume they are downvoted because someone disagrees with their advice. But then there is no explanation! I always upvote them.

I also feel like a lot of discussion topics are downvoted or no apparent reason :( 




 Okay, HOW do you know the difference between PIE and PIH from a photograph? I checked the sidebar info but it says you have to press down on the skin to test whether it's PIE or PIH. Am I missing something?  




 That's so true. I'm starting to be more active on the routine thread in helping people with product suggestions, but it's hard because something may break someone out that works for me! I guess it's always good to say your mileage may vary! 




 Awesome! Good luck to you. I had some issues with picking but with the amount of time and effort I spend trying to make my face look better, the desire to pick sort of just...fell away. Which is awesome, because I definitely have some scarring.  




 Yay! I'm going to give my skin a break from any AHA for a bit. I assume I don't *need* an AHA, but I did like how smooth the Alpha Hydrox made my skin. Although I do worry about sun damage even with a sunscreen. 




 Okay, I'll stick to my BHA once a day and see how that goes. I'm not currently using an AHA because the Alpha Hydrox broke me out. It was 10% so it's possible it was just too strong and irritated my skin. I might try the St. Ives pads since they aren't as strong! 




 When I only used cerave on my eyelids, they were still extremely dry. I'm not sure if there is something in the formula that dries out my eyes, but the cerave combined with vaseline helps a lot. 

You could look into an eye cream, but these generally have the same ingredients as a moisturizer repackaged and sold at a higher price.  




 Do you have an idea for what kinds of things break you out? I use cerave in the tub and it's great, pretty inexpensive.  




 You can! I haven't tried that. In that case it is recommended to only use a few drops if you apply it all over your face.  




 I don't, but if you search fatty alcohols on this sub you can find some recommendations. I believe Nivea Creme does not have fact alcohols actually  




 I've been posting pretty much everyday and I finally have a breakthrough thanks to ya'll! My routine included Alpha Hydrox 10% Glycolic Acid and this was totally what was breaking me out! How did I not see it before? 

I even posted quite a while ago about how I broke out weirdly on my neck and didn't even think it's because I used the Alpha Hydrox! 

Super happy to report that I have no new breakouts, and the little whiteheads that popped up are disappearing (thank you tea tree oil). 

My next question is... I like ahas. They make my face smooth an moisturized. What should I try next? And how do I know what exactly broke me out from the Alpha Hydrox? Also, is it okay to use my BHA twice a day, or will that be too drying? 

Thank you guys so much!!  




 It's possible the cetaphil is breaking you out. It has fatty alcohols you might be sensitive to. I'm not sure what ingredients are in the cleansing milk but I would start by replacing your moisturizer with something without fatty alcohols. 

Have you looked on cosDNA at all? There you can research your products ingredients to see about potential irritants. It's quite helpful!  




 So my eyelids tend to get quite dry as well, and the only thing that worked for me was to apply my regular moisturizer, which for me is cerave in the tub, and then apply a light layer of vaseline on top of that. This has eliminated the tight feeling and flakiness I had! 

I generally only have to apply the vaseline at night, but sometimes I do it in the morning as well.  




 Interesting! I should look more into it because I have quite a lot of what I believe is PIH, but very well may be PIE! Thanks for the information.  




 There is evidence that if you are exposed to sunlight, even through a window, that you are still susceptible to UV damage. So, based on that, your safest bet is to apply sunscreen every day, even if you are indoors at home.  




 It's possible your skin is very oily because it is dehydrated and over compensating by producing a lot of oil. Take a look at the dehydrated skin routine in the sidebar. 

I would moisturize twice a day and try the hydrating cleanser. Chances are you skin is quite dehydrated.  




 You could consult a dermatologist. They could provide some help if you have the insurance or money for it. 

As far as what you could do for your skin otc, I would recommend applying a good sunscreen, at least spf 30, and wearing it every day, even if it's cloudy or you aren't going outside. 

Second, AHAs are good chemical exfoliators to help reveal a better layer of skin underneath the current layer. This will help improve your skin's appearance to a degree. It won't work miracles but I will say your face texture will improve. 

I would also look into something like a vitamin C serum which will help with acne scarring or evening out your skin tone. You can look at other serums too, a lot of people like the Super Serum from silk naturals. 

I've heard retinoids are helpful as well for anti aging, but honestly I know nothing about them. You can do a search in this sub for retinoids and find some useful info. 

Lastly, you're the most critical of your skin. What you see in the mirror isn't what other people see. As far as the big pores, lots of people have them, and you'd never know because most people aren't that close to your face! So don't stress too hard. 

I hope that helps! 




 I don't know if your link is working correctly. I'm on mobile so maybe that's why but I couldn't see the images.  




 Here's mine!

* Mizon Returning Starfish Cream
* Mizon Snail Repair Eye Cream
* Missha Long Name Ampoule
* Missha FTE
* SkinFood Black Sugar Mask
* Innisfree Green Tea line (all of it!)
* HadoLabo Gokujyun Lotion
* OST C20
* Biore UV Aqua Rich Sunscreen
* More MBD masks
* A bunch of sleeping packs! Need recommendations for that one :) 




 Same here. I went crazy and ordered 30+ on ebay and I ran out of my MBD ones two days ago. I'm so sad. No idea when my order is going to be shipped! 




 So organized! I love it. I've heard so many good things about Sulwhasoo! I might add their Overnight Vitalizing Mask to my wishlist... 




 The LJH essence has been on my list for a while! I hear good things.  




 What's a brush egg? 




 I'm itching to get the Innisfree Green Tea Seed Serum too. I actually ordered a cheap sample pack of the Green Tea line from Innisfree. So we'll see how it goes! Couldn't justify spending 20+ dollars on a full container. 




 Interesting, I've heard good things about the Acne.org BP. Thanks for the info! 




 Love your lip color. And I love that it's elf even more!  




 Is it possible that the Alpha Hydrox is too irritating when used daily? Like, what I mean is, if the Alpha Hydrox is what causes my breakouts, would using it less stop the breakouts? Because I don't breakout all over. I seem to only breakout on the sides of my cheeks, my neck, and now my forehead. 

Thanks for your response! 




 Gosh now I'm nervous. I'm seeing my doctor on Friday to get a prescription for the pill, and I'm hoping it improves my skin, but now I see it can commonly make it worse...but sometimes better!  




 What products are you using specifically?  




 That's such a good idea. I'm so annoyed with foundations that don't have a pump! 




 Heavy fragrances are commonly irritating. I read on here someone switching to a more organic brand like Seventh Generation helped with their acne. This is true for fabric softeners and fabric sheets as well. 

My other recommendation is changing toothpastes if you haven't already. Using a toothpaste without Sodium Lauryl Sulfate has helped many people with acne around their mouth/chin - I use Sensodyne personally.  




 I don't think it really matters when you use it. I typically cleanse during my shower.  




 Using the Clarisonic once a day is very harsh on your skin. I recommend using it only 2 or 3 times a week. Physical exfoliation alone will not get rid of your acne, if anything it could make it worse. Please check the sidebar for more information on starting a routine for acne-prone skin.

It's up to you whether you want to return it. Some people love it, but every day is too much.  




 I recommend posting in the daily routine thread. There's tons of information in the sidebar about starting a routine, depending on whether your skin is dry, oily, dehydrated, or acne prone. Take a look there (kokomocat linked you to it!). 

Once you've checked that out and you've got a basic routine going, you can ask questions in the Daily Routine Thread for more specifics. The people on there are very helpful! Good luck.  




 Your skin shouldn't feel tight after using it. You could try the CeraVe Hydrating Cleanser. Do you moisturize in the morning or just at night? 

I would look for a cleanser that is hydrating rather than foaming. You might find good suggestions in the Dry skin routine in the sidebar.  




 I second asking a doctor or a dermatologist, especially if you are keeping the area moisturized.  




 1.) I had never heard of Cleanance K, but according to Paula's Choice it doesn't have the right percentage of Salicylic acid to be effective. You can read more about that [here](http://www.paulaschoice.com/beautypedia-skin-care-reviews/by-brand/avene/_/Cleanance-K-Cream-Gel). It also has fragrance in it which could irritate your skin. 

I would not recommend the scrub. I personally avoid any kind of physical scrub because it's too harsh. I would try adding the PC 1% BHA Gel. 

2.) You could try the Paula's Choice cleanser. It seems to have good reviews. I would go on cosDNA and review the ingredients. I personally use Cerave Foaming Cleanser which is quite cheap and effective. They also have a hydrating cleanser. 

3.) If you have discoloration, incorporating an AHA into your routine may be effective. I would look into what Paula's choice offers as far as AHAs go. A lot of people like the Paula's Choice 8% AHA Gel.  




 You use it before the BP. You apply it, then wait 20 minutes to let it do it's thing, and then you apply the BP! So you do not need to wash it off.  




 That's strange that you break out from Cerave but not Cetaphil! I suspected you might be sensitive to fatty alcohols, in which case Nivea Creme is recommended, but I can't vouch for it being shiny or not. Another that's recommended is Oilatum Natural Repair Face Cream, has very little in it that could be comedogenic. Worth looking into! 




 Hey! I was curious about this too so I did some searching on this subreddit and over on /r/AsianBeauty. [Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/SkincareAddiction/comments/1lpvse/explain_toner_to_me/) toner is described nicely. 

Over in Asian Beauty they use pH balancing toners and hydrating toners. I think each toner has a different purpose rather than all toners have the same purpose, you know? 

[Etude House Wonder Pore](http://www.amazon.com/Etude-House-Wonder-Freshner-500ml/dp/B005TTSDYW) is quite popular, and its main function seems to be pH balancing and reducing the appearance of pores. 

I personally use Thayer's Witch Hazel with Rose Water. It smells amazing and makes my skin feel very fresh. I use it right after my Cerave Foaming Facial Cleanser. [Here](http://www.cosdna.com/eng/cosmetic_4f57150665.html) is the ingredient info on that - looks like it has pH balancers in it.

Typically American style toners are very drying because they have alcohol in them. Avoid any toner with alcohol in it, because this will worsen your dryness! I would head over to /r/AsianBeauty to search for a toner recommendation. [Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/AsianBeauty/comments/2i2opt/tonersmists_which_blow_you_away/) is a thread I found helpful, with lots of recommendations for toners for dry skin. 

Hope that helps!  




 Like MrPurr said below it could be because of how you are applying it. Instead of rubbing it on, try patting it on. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v34vYwYMCZE#t=50) is a nice video on how to do it if that's unclear. 

Do you feel a burning sensation, or does your skin just turn red? How long does it take for the redness to fade? 




 Interesting. But isn't it impossible to tell if it's PIH or PIE unless you do that pressure test? Where you push on the spot and if it goes away it's PIE?

 




 I was interested in what was in the body oil so I looked it up on cosDNA. [Here](http://www.cosdna.com/eng/cosmetic_ffe3136079.html) is the link! Looks like it has a few ingredients that are irritating and comedogenic. That's quite a helpful website for looking at ingredients in the future. 




 I love my Vaseline intensive care moisturizer, the fragrance free kind. It works really well and is not irritating at all. It's also cheap and you can find it anywhere.  




 It's recommended to dilute the tea tree oil, general guideline is 10-15% tea tree oil diluted with a carrier oil. I mix my tea tree oil with mineral oil. It can cause burns and irritation if used directly on skin! Be careful.  




 If you want to do both the bha and aha at night, you need to apply one, wait 20-30 minutes, then apply the other and wait 20-30 minutes, then go about the rest of your routine. I generally apply my bha in the morning, and then my aha at night because it causes sensitivity to sunlight.  




 My first suggestion is to incorporate a better sunscreen. SPF 15 is not enough. I would get something with at least SPF 30.

For the moisturizing issue, I would sample a different moisturizer. I had issues with dry skin in certain areas but when using Cerave in the tub moisturizer my skin is very moisturized during the day. You could look into that or Cerave PM, which are both pretty similar except the PM has niacinamide in it, which can help with PIH.

Also, some people have success with the Hado Labo Gokujyun Lotion, which you use in addition to a moisturizer. It is also called the Hado Labo Replenishing Lotion which is sold at Walgreens!  




 Why are you using a face wash in addition to the salicylic wash? I'm wondering if this is too drying on your skin. Also, it is recommended to use SA in a lotion rather than a face wash, since the 30-45 seconds it is on your face is not enough time. I would recommend looking into a BHA lotion instead of the face wash. [Here](http://www.paulaschoice.com/shop/skin-care-categories/aha-and-bha-exfoliants/_/Skin-Perfecting-Two-Percent-BHA-Lotion-Exfoliant/) is an example of what I mean.

Green tea does have anti-inflammatory properties, and there are actually a lot of skin care products with green tea in them that you apply topically. Could be worth looking into! There are a few asian products that come to mind, like Innisfree Green Tea Seed Serum. I'm sure the green tea benefits you in other ways, like relaxing you! So it's not a bad habit :)

The sunscreen does moisturize, yes. If you don't feel like you need moisturizer in the morning you can skip it and only use sunscreen. 




 If he doesn't want to I can't see him using any kind of product no matter what I recommend. He has to want to do it...other than washing the bed sheets more often and replacing his pillow case every night I don't know what you could do.  




 I'm really disappointed because a product I am using is definitely causing me to break out. However, I am really not sure what product it is. Can someone help me figure this out? 

My routine is here:

**AM**

* Rinse face with water.
* Pat face with Thayer's Witch Hazel.
* Apply Neutrogena Rapid Clear Acne Defense Lotion (SA 2%). Wait 20 minutes.
* Apply Benton's Snail Bee High Content Essence.
* Apply a thin layer of Cerave in the tub.
* Apply Neutrogena Dry Touch Sunscreen SPF 30

**PM**

* OCM with sunflower oil and neem oil. Double cleanse with Cerave Foaming Cleanser.
* Pat face with Thayer's Witch Hazel.
* Apply Alpha Hydrox. Wait 30 minutes.
* Apply Benton's Snail Bee High Content Essence.
* Sheet mask if I have the time.
* Apply a spot treatment to active pimples - either Burt's Bees Blemish stick, Clinique 10% BP gel, or 2.5% BP gel, or neem oil. Wait 10 minutes.
* Apply Cerave in the tub. Finish off with thin layer of Vaseline.

Okay, so I have used the following products without breakouts for a few months: all Cerave products, Alpha Hydrox, Neutrogena Lotion and sunscreen, sunflower oil and neem oil. I also don't react negatively to the BP spot treatments or my Burts Blemish stick. 

So that leaves the Thayer's Witch Hazel, which I recently incorporated into my routine, and the Benton Snail Bee (noooo). It's kind of funny because I should be more upset about my breakout but I'm kind of excited, because it's like a mystery I have to solve! 

So my plan is to reduce my routine to what I know does not cause breakouts (or at least, I'm 90% sure doesn't?). If that helps, then what should my plan be from there? Patch test the products again? Is it possible an old product caused me to breakout but didn't until now? Is it also possible none of my products are actually breaking me out and my boyfriend is right that I'm crazy and I just break out?

The thing is, I have weird bumps on my forehead, and my forehead is usually always freakin' clear. So it HAS to be a product, right? Also, could the vaseline be causing this? 

Also, one last thing, I created a DIY tea tree oil spot treatment, so 10% tea tree oil and the rest mineral oil. I know tea tree oil and mineral oil don't break me out, but my breakout coincided with the night I applied this to my spots. I just don't know...any help figuring this out is GREATLY appreciated! The breakouts are very very small bumps, some whiteheads, and honestly it's quite mild, but definitely a deviation from my normal skin. 

Thank you for the help, and sorry for the book!!

EDIT: I just remembered when I first started my new skincare routine I broke out on my neck, in a similar way I am breaking out on my forehead. At that point I was using Cerave foaming, Alpha Hydrox, and Cerave moisturizer. Could the Alpha Hydrox possibly be breaking me out too? 




 280 dollars?! Is there gold in it?  




 Awesome! Thank you so much for all the info! 




 How do you like the LJH tea tree essence? I was considering buying that because tea tree oil works so well with my skin. Has it helped with breakouts at all? 




 I've been hearing a lot lately that too many products in your routine is not a good thing, and that you can benefit from simplifying your routine. Is this a bunch of BS? My thought would be that if a routine with a lot of products isn't working, it's likely that one of those products is breaking you out, and so by simplifying it you just happen to get rid of the problem product. I've heard things like, you need to stop using so many products to give your face time to breathe and heal. This also sounds phony. Is there any evidence that less is more with skincare?

My routine is here:

**AM**

* Rinse face with water.
* Pat face with Thayer's Witch Hazel.
* Apply Neutrogena Rapid Clear Acne Defense Lotion (SA 2%). Wait 20 minutes.
* Apply Benton's Snail Bee High Content Essence.
* Apply a thin layer of Cerave in the tub.
* Apply Neutrogena Dry Touch Sunscreen SPF 30


**PM**

* OCM with sunflower oil and neem oil. Double cleanse with Cerave Foaming Cleanser.
* Pat face with Thayer's Witch Hazel.
* Apply Alpha Hydrox. Wait 30 minutes.
* Apply Benton's Snail Bee High Content Essence.
* Sheet mask if I have the time.
* Apply a spot treatment to active pimples - either Burt's Bees Blemish stick, Clinique 10% BP gel, or 2.5% BP gel, or neem oil. Wait 10 minutes.
* Apply Cerave in the tub. Finish off with thin layer of Vaseline.


In addition I do a mint julep mask or aztec clay mask once a week.


I was considering adding in the OST C20 to my routine for Vitamin C. Where would this go in my routine? Also, I am going to be mixing tea tree oil and mineral oil to create a spot treatment in an amber dropper bottle. How do I go about figuring out percentages? Or should I ask in /r/DIYbeauty?

Thanks! 
























