 Yeah... I didn't want to ever have to ask this question, but how do you keep going when you feel like there's nothing to keep going for? It's not that I'm actually alone, I have an amazing boyfriend, a great group of friends, etc. It's just this awful feeling that it's all going to be taken away from me.

What started this depressive episode is my boyfriend texting me, saying 'I'm so fucking tired of everything this world has to offer" and then telling me to forget about it, and that he'll "be fine" I know him, and know he wont be fine. 

This is making me worry, which is something I do way too much. I worry about impending doom, how much I weight (to the point where my food intake is being monitored because I don't eat "enough"), my friends' happiness, being late to things, the things that go on while I sleep, etc. My mind is constantly going at 500 mph, and I can't keep up. It's a horrible existence, really. 

I have so much pressure on me to be something, to be the only person in my family to never get arrested, go to college, get a good job, make good money, etc. I used to be a star student and that was where I got my self worth. now, my grades are falling and so is my self worth. I feel like if I'm not my family's trophy child then there is no reason to be their child at all, that I'm just a disappointment. 

I cut. A lot. My mom made me go to a psychiatrist because of it. After practically interrogating me for a few hours, they got to the touchy subject I hate talking about- rape. I was raped as a child repeatedly by a cousin not too much older than me. Honestly, being raped didn't make me feel mad at him, I feel mad at myself for not saying no. I feel mad at myself for not stopping him. I feel mad at myself for not screaming at the top of my lungs. I feel... Used. Anyways, I was diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, PTSD, and Clinical Depression. They thought that the best thing to do for m was prescribe me an antidepressant. It worked amazingly at first, but after a while,I began to feel like a zombie. As if I was an empty shell. As if I had no control over my mind. I take the pill sporadically, but for the most part, I don't. 

Honestly, at this point, I feel like my life is going nowhere, and that theres no point in trying anymore. I was never pretty, I was never talented, hell, I'm not even a virgin and I'm 13, but I was smart and going places. Now... Now I'm just nothing.

Why do I feel so lost? Why do I feel like such a failure? Should I go back on my medication? 




 Alright, so I hang out with a group of people containing all the "weird" kids from my school. We wear a lot of black, cause, ya know, it's the color of our souls. Anyhow, my boyfriend is amongst this group, and lately he has been very depressed. This caused a domino effect, which even caused one of my best friend's parents to find out about her self harming problem and homeschool her. Honestly, I feel like when one of us falls, we all fall... And shatter into a million pieces on the hard ground below. 

Long story short, I need answers to these three questions...

Do you think that us hanging out together is self destructive?
How can I try and help my friends?
How do I keep it together myself when surrounded by sadness? 




 Alright, so my boyfriend and I have been together for a while. We're teenagers so we can't really do anything super sexy or romantic on Valentine's day, but we both have a love for the arts. Writing, music, drawing, etc. What are some ideas as to something I could make for him? I was considering writing a super cheesy song for him or something like that. 




 We all went into the counselor's office today crying. Him, our friends, me. I'm looking more for ways to cheer him up.  




 I feel like you need to seek help. Not necessarily medication, but definitely some counseling.  




 I'm 13. He's 14, let's call him Shmer. We've been very close since I met him, and after being best friends for a very long time, we ended up together. Our relationship is very different from most people our age's. We have a very strong, emotional connection, and we don't rush things. We've been going out for 2 moths, and are not very physical. We can tell each other anything and everything, and know each other's deepest and darkest secrets. 

His  dad is insane. Not necessarily straight out abusive, but he is very mean to him. He doesn't accept him for who he is. He wants Shmer to be a trophy father's trophy son, and thats just not who he is. He found out that Shmer has been having some self harm problems and can't even look him in the eye anymore and says he has to go lie with his mom. Honestly, he's not very happy in either of those houses. I know I can't do much, but, I want to help.

Usually, he is my rock. He is the one I lean on, the one that takes care of me.Now, I want him to be able to lean on me, but I don't know how to be happy myself, that way I can focus on him. Honestly, the rest of our friends and I just broke down today because we were so worried about him, and what he might do. How can I make him feel a bit happier? I see him everyday at school. I text him whenever I can (when he has his phone). Are there any little things I can do here and there to make him feel better?

i just... I don't know how to handle seeing him hurting. It breaks my heart. He helps everyone else, but wont let anyone help him.  
























 I have great friends, an amazing boyfriend, all that jazz. It doesn't matter, I still feel lonely. They all care about me and love me, yet, I still feel so isolated from everyone. I hate this. I absolutely hate it. I'm a teenager, I'm supposed to be having the time of my life, not trapped inside my room wondering if they mean it when they say "I love you." 




 I cut. Today in PE a very bad cut started bleeding again. I got it to stop bleeding, but not without a few girls seeing. Someone went to the office and told them about my situation. When I was called into the counselor's office, I wasn't scared. I'm there quite often because I happen t hang out with all the self harming and suicidal kids at my school, along with my boyfriend. Until they told me what someone had said. I denied it all, but it didn't stop them from calling my mom... And CPS. When I got in the car, she wasn't mad, but she said I need to "work on myself" so now I am only allowed to have my phone one hour a night on weekdays,  four hours on weekends for a month. Usually, this wouldn't be big deal, but lately I have been going through a whole ton of shit that I don't want to talk about with anyone but two certain people, and now I really cant.

How do I deal with this? 




 I know, I know. It just was a spur of the moment.  




 I'm a freshman 









 I have done that so many times. Eventually, I stopped being cautious. When out with friends, I'm known as the "dare devil" because if I see a car coming, I don't move. If there is a bridge, I walk on the railing, hoping I fall off.  
























 Alright, so we've been together for a long time. I'm not having anxiety because of a trust issue or anything like that. I don't really know why I'm having anxiety. The message he sent me wasn't passive aggressive or anything he just said "Hi I can't talk at all today and I'm sorry. I love you. So, so, so much. Have a great day beautiful." I already knew he had stuff to do today, and I thought that to talking to and/or seeing him would be something I could deal with for at least one day, since when he's at his dad's, I have to deal with it for a week or more. It's snowing. I'm stuck at home all day so I don't have a distraction. I realize that I can't be so dependent on him, and that he has his own life, but my anxiety is pretty bad. How do I stop freaking out and get him off my mind? 




 I have severe anxiety, and I'm only thirteen. 've had it since I was seven due to some unfortunate events; it basically stole part of my childhood from me

See, my best friend who I love more than anyone, is at his dad's. His dad is a it of a douche so, that means I can't talk to him until very late at night and only some nights. It is a three day weekend, so I haven't seen him since we went out to eat after school on Thursday. He texts me sporadically, and I text him back. I usually get no response until much later, which for most people would be understandable, but having anxiety, I flip the hell out. I get kinda shaky, withdrawn, etc. This is an awful way to spend an otherwise glorious weekend. Any advice on how to calm down? 




 okay, so, in highschool, the two middle schools in my district are combined. The lunches don't go by grade, they're usually just random. I'm like crying and shaking right now because the idea of not being with my friends is scaring me. Not knowing anyone scares me, and I don't make friends very easily. At all. People say I have this "magnetic personality" but new people terrify me. Is there any possibility my psychiatrist could persuade the school to give me lunch with some people I know? Because if not I know damn well I will have anxiety attacks constantly, I'm probably not gonna have any classes with my friends since we're all on different levels anyway. Not having lunch is just too heavy.  




 I do the same exact thing,hoping it will spark real tears.  




 That's what I'm on now.. Did you notice it starting to just worsen your depression after a period of time? 




 Did the antidepressant happen to be lexapro?  
























 I've surrounded myself with people who have mental illnesses and broken families. I don't know why, but I find it comforting. If you ever need to talk,I'm around. And I swear I'm not a creepy guy sitting in a basement 0.0  




 Okay, my mom had me at the ripe ol' age of 16. I had a lot of hard times in my life because of that, so I have to ask, why not out your children up for adoption? I would have asked to be put up for adoption if I had any sense of what was going on when I was a newborn, and I know it would have been the better choice. So, why not? Am I just generalizing my experiences? 




 I'm a number 6...


SIXES FOR THE WORLD! 




 I feel like I'm the only one outside of my friend group at school, sometimes, which sucks. It'd be nice to know that there are other people my age who have these problems.  




 Yes, I do. Generalized Anxiety Disorder, but mostly social anxiety. 

Usually, hanging out and talking to him works, but, as I said, I can't today. What people don't usually get is that he was my best friend before we were together so I've always depended on him, ever since we were really little.  




 I have an anxiety disorder, so my being upset could be for many reasons, or no reason at all.  
























 It's not like that, trust me.  




 [Youth by Daughter](https://www.google.com/url?sa=trct=jq=esrc=ssource=webcd=1cad=rjauact=8ved=0CCAQuAIwAAurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DVEpMj-tqixsei=ZA36VKjXCJCXyASdtILQBgusg=AFQjCNEip5JbfgK1RiSzGCEL8oh5h-v76wsig2=YdEf1aK2FEgg6A82P20jmgbvm=bv.87611401,d.aWw)

[Oh Miss Believer by Twenty One Pilots](https://www.google.com/url?sa=trct=jq=esrc=ssource=videocd=2cad=rjauact=8ved=0CCEQuAIwAQurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DocBskV0MPmMei=pA36VMT0J86wyASN8IBousg=AFQjCNEgdanVe5gMZ6TMW0SJwU6USiVQqgsig2=SVRNwTtsxv0_MI3Tado3QQbvm=bv.87611401,d.aWw)

[Car Radio by Twenty One Pilots](https://www.google.com/url?sa=trct=jq=esrc=ssource=webcd=1cad=rjauact=8ved=0CB8Q3ywwAAurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3D92XVwY54h5kei=2Q36VPLiHdG1yATHwIIIusg=AFQjCNGFEs3AZNvLdNfLUJwCfV0VeFoZugsig2=aqjMlktKsMIe82mAdYlilwbvm=bv.87611401,d.aWw)

[Paradise by Gavin Mikhail](https://www.google.com/url?sa=trct=jq=esrc=ssource=webcd=1cad=rjauact=8ved=0CB8QuAIwAAurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DlHZlj85uyZcei=mg76VNyTHISSyASsoYGQBQusg=AFQjCNFdYzoTJfCbBl2xTXlEJTb5Jv2ItQsig2=X2LfsEs-4lN3BR4HRnCW8A)

[Medicine by Daughter](https://www.google.com/url?sa=trct=jq=esrc=ssource=webcd=1cad=rjauact=8sqi=2ved=0CB8Q3ywwAAurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DlrulQAZq7Y8ei=yA76VJC9GISPyASqz4CoBgusg=AFQjCNFRO0JzyEk_VjRDmPIrXmk1UDW4_gsig2=299b_OA4kq0iu8Q_lb0lJw) 




 Alright, so I'm in highschool. I've been with this guy for a really long time, and even before that, he was my best friend since middle school. We have a pretty solid relationship for the most part- no trust issues, no fighting, etc. However, I have depression and anxiety, he has depression, and we both aren't in the best situations involving family. He has gotten really depressed, and because of the parent he's living with, he can't talk a lot outside of school, so we have gotten a bit distant. 

I am that type of person who has relationship anxiety and needs constant reassurance, which is not healthy whatsoever, and I am receiving help with that, however it is still hard to believe that he loves me, blah blah blah. So, him getting distant has been very difficult, especially since we have two friends (both girls) who's lives are just as wrecked as our's. He feels the need to take care of everyone, so he's trying to keep them, me, and himself up all at once. However that usually ends with me being ignored.. He says he doesn't want to ignore me, or make me feel like he doesn't care, he's just "stressed" and "doesn't want to have to choose" between who to help. He does this every time things get bad, and always bounces back (aka recognizes that I need him too). How do I stay okay with everything while he is having these issues? How can I help him? How can I stop needing reassurance in times like these?
 




 I'm 13. and I don't advertise my phone number anywhere, but it's not hard to get it. A man (who gave me his name but stupid me didn't remember it) called me from an unknown number stating he was from my local police deparrment (yes, he gave me my specific city) and that he needed to speak to my mother. I told him "If you are from the police department why don't you call my mom?" he said "I don't have her number, ma'am." I said "If you are from the police department, then there is no reason for you to have my number, however you should have her's. Please don't contact me again" and they hung up on me. Should I tell my mom? I'm really scared. This unknown caller called me earlier in the day as well, but I missed the call. What should I do? 




 My mom knows. None of what I write describes personal situations, just vague and metaphoric insights.  




 I'm a pretty young writer, but I still consider myself to be good. However, very little of what I write are stories. I mostly write about the world, and what's happening around me. Almost like a journal, yet not personal enough to be seen as one. I like to write about what it's like to have depression, anxiety, anorexia, etc. I like to try and give people an inside look of what it's like to suffer from these things, and I do it pretty well. I've won awards at school and such. Is this a good subreddit for me to share and get criticism? 
























 I usually say "I had a very intimate encounter with a thorn bush." 




 My boyfriend (kind of- we're on a break), my family's respect, my medication, my best friend... I was already struggling heavily with my clinical depression before this, now? I've lost the support I once had. My boyfriend has depression as well and went away fro few weeks after trying to kill himself, in which I feel I had started to get  a bit better, then, he came back and said that even though he still loved me, we needed to take a break so we could both minimize stress in our lives. I smiled and said "okay" then went into a bathroom and bawled my eyes out.  The worst part is seeing him get worse while I'm trying to get better, because I feel like I've lost most emotion so I feed off of others'. High school sucks enough when you are "normal" but it sucks even more when you can barely make it through every day without wanting to kill yourself. 




 I would hate to see you die, knowing that you can come up with ideas like this. However, I would definitely watch it, especially since I've been in that place before and want to know if the experience(es) is the same for everyone. 




 I'd known you since we were kids; you were chubby, funny, and so filled with imagination. As we got older, you started to get thinner, you learned how to use a straightener, and you fell in love with *good* music. However, you still didn't forget me. I was your best friend, and you loved me. Eventually, that love turned into being *in* love with me... 

My 13th birthday party was the best night ever. Every time the door bell rang I hoped it was you, and eventually, when I had let my guard down, it was, and you saw me sliding across my living room floor in cupcake pajama pants. I hugged you and for the rest of the night, nobody else existed but us. I swear, everybody thought we were going to go into my bedroom and just start going at it, because we were that into each other. We didn't though; we went into my room, sat on the floor across from each other, and talked. It was different than the way we had talked millions of times before. This time, there were sparks. You left around midnight, and for the first time, I saw you as something more than "just him".

You and I were together a few months later, and everything seemed to make sense. We stayed together for a while, and neither of us ever thought it was going to end. We went to concerts, movies, malls, etc, but the best times were always long car rides. We'd start off talking, and then, we would be too busy doing something else to talk for what seemed like eternity. I remember when you kissed me for the first time. It was electrifying, but what was even better is that, when you pulled away just a few inches, you said "you're beautiful" and kissed me again. I knew you meant it; I still know you meant it. 

After a while, things got heavier. My life was messed up. Your life was messed up. We realized we were two very, *very* broken people, but you always said you thought "our broken pieces fit together *perfectly*." and I always nodded in agreement. But, things got worse. Bad things happened, and it made you become distant. You still loved me, and still hugged me every morning, but you were blank behind the eyes. You pushed me away, so far away that our friendship had weakened alongside our relationship, which we had always tried to keep separate. Then, you wen't away for a few weeks because your family found out you were hurting yourself. They blamed me for it, because I'm an easy target with scars all up my arms.

When you came back, you hugged me, smiled, and said we needed a break. You said "You're still my first kiss, you're still my best friend, I still love you, and I'm still going to give you hugs every morning." I died, on the inside, at least. On the outside, I smiled, and said "Okay" because I knew you needed a break, so you could work on you. Once you walked away, I ran into the bathroom and started hyperventilating. Lunch came, and you sat right next to me the way you always did. For some reason, you decided to start playfully singing the saddest part of *our* song to me. I laughed, poked you, and said "Stop it before I cry!" and you did, but it was more like "Stop it before I get up from this table and never look back.". I can't bring myself to listen to that song. I can't bring myself to change the wallpaper on my phone. I know I don't have to; you're still my best friend, but... I can't see it without hurting. 

You look sadder now. I know I stressed you out a lot towards the end of it all, and you were cutting on a daily basis, but at least you were you. Now they have you on so many pills that you're a completely different person. When I look inside your eyes, you seem *gone*. I know the but you were is still in there, and maybe it's good that some parts of who that was stay away forever, but there are so many other parts to him that are beautiful. Please, let him out.  




 I have mental illness as well... Do you think that could be negative as well? 




 But, he made me promise not to see other people. Does that change anything? 
























 Probably a lot younger than you, but, I *really* understand that feeling of losing everything all at once. PM me if you need someone to vent to and/or have pointless conversation with to distract yourself from doing something permanent.  




 Everyone else is getting burritos and I'm sitting in my car because I don't want to be happy.

I've found from my experience that eventually, we become so comfortable in our own misery that even though we are suffering, when given an opportunity to be happy, we become scared and don't know how to react. Then again, that's just how it felt for me. 




 It's like you go 3 steps forward only to get thrown 30 steps back, right? Let me tell you, these are things that happen in life- most people just don't have to deal with them all at once, maybe not even have to deal with some of them at all. I really am not trying to be generic here because I am going through a very similar experience (very different situation, same feeling) things pass. After a while it doesn't seem like the world is ending and you learn to cope. 




 Have you ever just stayed up doing something to the point of exhaustion to avoid that "in between" time of trying to fall asleep? 




 I'm about 9 years your junior, but, I feel that to a certain degree, I understand what you've gone/are going through. Everything bad seems to happen all at once, dog piling on top of each other. It sucks. I'm not gonna lie, it's really difficult to cope with everything. I'm not sure how to really address this, but just know if you need someone to talk to in an effort to keep yourself from doing something *permanent* as a solution to a somewhat *temporary* problem, PM me. 




 I don't really know how to describe it. It's like, I won't want to close my laptop because I know it's keeping me up, but, at the same time, the period of time spent in the quiet darkness before falling asleep is too bearable to deal with because of my thoughts. Anyone else? 
























