




 "Duke Leto's Pet Puzzle"

ಠ_ಠ 




 This legitimately creeps me out 




 Whenever I meet anyone, I can't help but imagine what it would be like to have sex with them, or what they look like during sex... 




 YES! I also love reading to myself (normal talking volume or whispering) on occasion, if there's no one else within earshot, of course. 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semantic_satiation 




 Personally, I love just a little bit of shyness.

Oh my God, it's so adorable, and I don't even mean 'adorable' in a patronising sense, just plain attractive. I'm a shy person myself so maybe I just would prefer that to someone who is mega outgoing, which would be way too much for me to be around. 

So, yeah, quiet/shy/introverted/introspective, that general family of traits... 




 This hurts in such a relatable way, OP...
 




 Hey, hey guys...looks like...guys it looks like he made a...made a... 

MOO-MAID...

Heh, get it? Get it guys?
....heh... 




 I'm not even sure I understood this. So disjointed

Reminds me of those threads on 4chan like "dubs says what I say next"... 




 Oh God the last one... D': 




 "hope you have a great Sunday!" 




 I never pictured them without hair either, although I must say I quite like the idea of them as bald.

"a bunch of Hellen Mirrens"

Oh God yes, somehow that is perfect. 




 The rest of Mark Zug's amazing artwork from the 1997 card game can be found here: http://markzug.com/dune/dune-the-card-game/ 

I particularly love this picture though, if anyone has a spare $1400 and is feeling generous then by all means feel free to buy me the original, available on his website :p 









 No you wouldn't. FUCK. Please report her OP, she could do this to other people. I'm so sorry for your terrible experience... 




 Is he always saying things and denying them later on? Or trying to make out that you're the crazy one? Don't even bother trying to call bullshit, just distance yourself from someone like that, no matter how you might feel about him. 




 I feel like I suddenly want to get really into everything Dune related at the moment, and I can't believe it's taken me until my early twenties to discover what a cool franchise it is! :D I'm genuinely quite excited to read on 




 Sweet, thanks for the input, folks. I was expecting there to be a bit more variation in people's suggestions but the general vibe I'm getting here is definitely original six first.

Maybe when I've finished those I'll dip into the others for funsies.
Thanks all :3 




 Now let's all agree to never be creative again... 




 Yeah I've seen how controversial they appear to be with the fanbase and I must admit that I haven't found Paul of Dune to be anywhere near as enjoyable as Dune or the cheeky few chapters of other FH books in the Dune series I've glanced over in the past. 

In Paul of Dune it just feels like I'm getting whisked through an assembly line of events that feel kind of flat. Were it not for the fact that I feel like maybe I'm learning a few more details about the Dune universe and getting a few bits and pieces reinforced for me I don't think I'd be as keen to read through it.

Thanks for your input, guys. 




 Coolio, I may as well carry on and finish Paul of Dune and then I'll see about finding copies of the other books after I've read Messiah :D Thanks. 

Out of interest though, do you recommend reading them this way because it provides a better narrative or more due to the (presumably superior) quality of the Frank Herbert books over the others? 




 So, publishing order? 




 So after having read Dune for the first time some months ago I was kindly given a few of the sequels for Christmas (Paul of Dune, Dune Messiah, and Winds of Dune) by someone who isn't a fan of the books themselves but knew I liked the Dune franchise and that I wanted to read more. They say they got the suggested reading order (as I listed them) from snooping around online, but of course, given the many different ways there are of reading through the series, I'd imagine it's pretty open to interpretation.


I started Paul of Dune a few days ago and am now most of the way through it and appreciate that it reads completely differently to Frank's style (if I'm honest I'm not sure I enjoy it so much though, personally). My question is, as a newbie, is this the best way to go about reading the books? Should I have just read the original books first and gone back to fill in the gaps with the Brian/Kevin Anderson installments later on? Or should I plow on with my current trajectory (chronological from Dune onwards). Or some entirely other order? I'm very open to suggestions and advice at this point and would be grateful for your input :) 




 SO QUICK! YES! Thanks so much...oh man...that was a sad film... 




 To prolong the sugary goodness they keep sniffing the tin after they have run out and pour water into the tin to make a sort of drink out of what is left inside?

I think I'm going mad here, please help :p
 




 I feel a bit disappointed with the clear Bilbo (the one I got) I would have loved to get Gandalf or Thorin instead. Might try swapping with someone or taking it upon myself to paint him for funsies 




 I found it was waaay too big for me. But I guess I do have tiny lady wrists so... Going to find a way to take some links out, maybe I'll donate them to you guys :p 




 I can't see this one mentioned anywhere yet so:

'Wilder' - by Gnesa http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CF2o5RDkq9A

Those lyrics, the dancing, the off-keyness of it all, that almost sinister sounding melody...*shudder* 




 This...hurts my soul :( 




 I assumed they meant that it was their second painting specifically using their lovely new early Christmas present set... right? 




 To be fair, Santa did die for our sins, or something...? 




 "party like a" what?! I need to know now... 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbCT5fXdhhc  




 34287edgy666me 




 Oh yes, also seconded with many of the sentiments here, some scenes/reactions/bits of acting made me wince... 




 I recently got around to watching it for the first time too. I have to say I absolutely love the aesthetics of it; I feel David Lynch really did bring something to it in that regard. The whole look and tone of it felt 'right' to me and only added to how I'd personally pictured things from the book. Different and separate from how I experience the books, but I like it well enough.

Beyond that though...yeah, "meh"..."meh" all the way, especially with all that inner dialogue. I've no doubt that a good film adaptation could somehow manage to capture all the introspection of the books but this one didn't quite.

I feel that I'll always be fond of it as an adaptation, though.
 




 "Regular Conservatives HATE HIM" 




 So nice, I can almost hear the pencil scratching :3 




 I dunno, that just sounds kind of unnecessarily expensive to me... 




 These are all so great! :D 




 Well that just sounds incredibly rude of them. Please don't take it personally, OP, or let it get you down. Feel free to PM me if you need someone to talk to. But seriously, that's on them, not you :) EDIT: Sorry yeah, also, I know it's hard to follow advice like, don't hang out with people who make you feel bad when you've no other options. But just know that you shouldn't have to put up with stuff like that just to avoid loneliness. 




 Oh God my sides 




 Yeah, I find moving about and interacting with the world helps, especially if it comes on when I'm just lying in bed at night looking out at my room. What's most annoying is that I can easily 'switch' to viewing the world like that at will and used to do it all the time when I was little, (especially during long school assemblies, making the speaker's head look tiny, like you did with your friend). For some reason it didn't bother me. Now, I feel like younger me maybe made it somehow more likely to happen out of habit or whatever, gah... 




 When I was little I didn't know "twat" was a bad word, I thought it meant "to hit".
 Ended up in quite a bit of trouble with a friend's Mum after talking about "twatting" something... 




 Yes this, happens especially when I'm tired or ill and I absolutely hate it. I went through a phase a couple of years ago where just reading triggered it, especially if the print was small. Really didn't help with my uni work but I somehow managed to shake it off: I found that I can sort of 'will' it to stop if I try reeeeally hard, or sometimes literally shaking my head or even hurting myself helps. 




 In our house we called it the 'doofer'.
Seriously though, I'm going to make it my mission to make sure my kids, if/when I have them, grow up with so many weird idiosyncratic names for things. They won't know who or what to trust for the first twenty or so years of life... 




 She's a golden long haired female Syrian hamster, I've had her since June of this summer and here she is hanging out in my slipper :p 









 I'm glad this was someone else's first concern too 




 Thanks, this is probably the only photo I have of her so far that isn't a complete blurry mess. Unfortunately it doesn't really show off her dark cheek flashes from this angle though 




 Thank you, she's got such a sweet personality too, (though I guess I am somewhat biased :p) 




 Congratulations and good luck, university can be such a great experience and I hope you end up doing what you want to do and loving it :)
May I ask what you plan on studying? 




 GUYS SHE DOESN'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT JUST LEAVE HER ALONE, OK?! 




 She's a golden long haired female Syrian hamster, I've had her since June of this summer and here she is hanging out in my slipper :p 









 I...I don't think it...matters...? "Deworming (sometimes known as worming or drenching)"  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deworming 




 Dude, get your cat wormed. 




 That looks like it would be a truly uplifting read 




 Yeah, I sometimes pick my nose a bit too much too :( my boyfriend has also stayed through my side during those times, so...relatable. 




 That sounds like an awful lot to be dealing with on your own, though it's great that you're trying. Sounds to me like you should definitely try to find some outside help on this. Maybe a professional like a counselor/therapist. 
The house issue sounds like a tough one but my best advice for that would be to just take a small area at a time, and once that area is clean strive to keep it that way. I've no professional advice to offer but pm me if you need someone to talk to :) 




 To be fair, it is a bloody good movie 




 But...but...I want to be as amused as the girls in the comic definitely totally for real were 




 I want to know what that cautionary tale was... 




 Monocular cues (cues to depth relying on only one eye) such as the ones listed in the other comments (movement, object size, texture gradient, occlusion, relative movement of your single eye etc...), are one part of the story. However the reason the world doesn't suddenly appear flat when you close one eye is also partly because you have gone through your entire life (from a certain young age at any rate) seeing the world in 3-D. Eyesight depends on your eyes but vision happens in the brain, the world is actively constructed for you by the information coming in through your eyes and even if one eye is shut it 'knows' that the world is still one of depth. This is why, even though people with one eye, or eyes that are unable to coordinate together (most commonly, for example, people with untreated childhood strabismus), can use the monocular cues to navigate the world in three dimensional space, *but they lack that subjective feeling of 'depth' and 'space' that comes with stereoscopic vision*. One famous example of someone who trained themselves to coordinate both eyes to see in depth after a lifetime of seeing the world in 2-D is Susan Barry, or 'Stereo Sue'. In her talks and book (which I recommend to anyone interested in the psychology of visual perception) she details the subjective, qualitative differences between seeing the world in monovision and stereovision. Hope that helps :)
Edit: Grammar and links - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Susan_R._Barry / http://www.stereosue.com/ 




 This whole album clobbed my bonkers 
























 I might get in a lot of trouble for saying this but the Lord of the Rings trilogy. 

I loved the films and the whole new generation of Tolkien fans it inspired, and I love the books for sure, but for me the films are just much more enjoyable.
The Hobbit, however, is a whole other barrel of dwarves; the films are watchable enough but I don't see them surpassing my affections for the book anytime soon :3

EDIT: Misspelled 'Tolkien'...awkward... 




 Seconded with Fight club, in fact I just said that somewhere else on this board.

EDIT: Just realised it's you again, mega awks :p 




 As a psychology person, it'd be remiss of me not to say anything by Oliver Sacks.

Even for those going in to psychology without plans for going into clinical or abnormal psychology, or I guess for anyone really, his books and his writings are just brimming with humanity and such respect for people and how we all variously experience the world. Definitely a strong role model for me throughout my time at university, and definitely influential on how I view a number of different aspects of the human experience.

Just such a lovely, intelligent, and witty man, everything he writes, and every documentary he features in, is a pleasure to read/watch :3

EDIT: a word
EXTRA EDIT: Hey I just realised you mentioned Oliver Sacks in your post anyway, OP. Rock on. 




 Yeah, and after loving the film for so long, dare I say I was actually a bit disappointed when I got around to the book :-\ 




 Seconded. I made it through, I appreciated bits of it. What more does the universe want from me 




 Me too, I wish I reread more books, and there are a couple that I do go back to over the years (The Hobbit, Jane Eyre, a book I read as a teen that meant a lot to me) but for the most part I just see that as time I could be spending on new titles. 

As with everything, I feel guilty about it :p 




 Threw up in my mouth a bit and wished I hadn't clicked, 10/10 




 That's adorable. I chuckled heartily 




 I've always felt pretty guilty about the amount that I not only sleep talk but sleep shout, actually, I pretty much only sleep shout... If I'm shouting angrily at someone in my dream then chances are I will shout it out loud too, waking us both up. It's become so routine (happens at least once or twice a month, usually more often during periods of stress or whatever) that we just accept it by now. I'll mumble a quick "sorry" and we'll both be back asleep again in seconds.


I've also hit him in my sleep a few times, usually pretty hard, I always feel really bad about it, especially seeing as I'm normally half awake as I do it, and realise just as I thump him that whatever I was fighting in my dream is actually just my sleeping SO. The first time I did it was only a week or so into our relationship, felt so so guilty about. I'd done the shouting thing before with a previous partner, but the hitting is a recent thing (I must sound like such a terrible person now, omg, he's pretty chill about it thankfully and teases me about it).


I'm honestly not an angry person or anything, IRL I'm really normally passive and quiet and would never hit anybody and rarely shout, nor do I tend to have particularly violent dreams. But if I do have them, chances are my boyfriend is gonna get hit or sworn at.

(Damn, he's tolerant, I'm going to go hug him right now...)

EDIT: Mostly it's just me yelling at dream antagonists to "F*CK OFF!" or some variation on that. Such rage, where does it all come from? Oh parasomnias, amirite?... 




 Ok, from what I can glean from Googling "Dune graphic novel" there was apparently a graphic novel made following the Lynch film...so, not so much of the book itself I'm afraid. But I must admit I'm curious to see it. io9 has a post from 2010 that's supposed to link to where it's hosted online but it doesn't seem to be there any longer... :(

Anyone here know anything about this? I'm so curious... 




 Guys...there should totally be a Dune graphic novel...

EDIT: Wait, there apparently already is one?! In which direction should I throw my money so I can own a copy? 




 This struck a chord with me... 




 "He IS the Kwisatz Haderach!" 




 Hey, I like the sound of that, maybe it's just because I'm so attractive I'm intimidating? Yeah, that'll be why ... *sobs heavily* 




 *something something* "just like your Mum" *something something* 




 I audibly "awwwww"-d :3 Are the two of them now friends? :p

This is precisely how my terrier would react; one time she picked up a mouse in a field that jumped out in front of her, froze in shock, and dropped it immediately. She used to be terrified of my gerbils :p 









 Are you a wizard? 




 She's basically a female Eric Cartman 




 I was expecting her to make him carry her perishable goods. This...this was much worse... 




 These are so gorgeous, thanks for sharing 




 It has some pretty blue eyes so there's that I guess...? 




 I will! :D I'm just finishing up another project this weekend but I feel that it's definitely time I turned my attentions to something inspirational and Dune related. Maybe I'll start a thread asking for quote suggestions? : 




 I know right? Who thought a colouring book for kids was a good idea?! http://blogs.sfweekly.com/exhibitionist/2012/02/post_2.php 




 Don't worry it's completely SFW 




 Dude, harsh 




 Subs like /r/BeautyDiagrams and /r/Makeup are great but they seem often assume a level of pre-existing knowledge and familiarity with makeup, fashion, and beauty that not everyone (certainly not me at any rate) has.

Does anyone know of anywhere a totally clueless individual could find tutorials and advice, pitched at a sort of Explain Like I'm Five level? Basically for those of us who grew up without feminine mothers or sisters to explain all this stuff to us, and have since been muddling a long like idiots :p

 




 They don't like women, they don't like people in other subreddits, or anyone who isn't into Red Pill ideology. A lot of the time they talk like they hate other men...I don't think those guys like anybody... :-\ 




 You are not alone 




 I have sex dreams from time to time, like a regular person I guess, and they don't particularly bother me, unless they're particularly hilariously awkward like with someone I know. I always just think, "yeah whatever, it happens".


But then I have these dreams which aren't exactly sexual so much as...**completely adorable**, like I'm snuggling or just kissing with someone I know, and it's so tender and loving and PC and sweet, regardless of how I actually feel about that person IRL. And those are the ones I wake up from feeling a little bit guilty and awkward about, not the scary crazy sex-having dreams... :X 




 Hahaha...aw man... I wasted my one turn on a goddamn Hello Kitty bag... :( 




 Oh oh! And while we're on the subject, spot popping or squeezing videos, am I right? /r/popping Hell yeah. 




 I moved into a new flat in August last year and oh GOD the lighting in our bathroom is so bright and the wall space is basically three quarters mirror  at face height and I will spend minutes upon minutes.

Basically I'll tell my boyfriend I'm off to brush my teeth for bed but I get distracted and then half an hour later he'll have to come get me from there, my face all beat up and swollen and he'll be all "not this again god damn" and I'll have made tiny invisible or imagined imperfections into ugly marks that are gross but every time it is WORTH IT.

Edit: a word 




 Aw man, the compliments! The compliments make me feel like a princess :3

"Time for your facial spa treatment, my your skin is so radiant!"
 




 Yes yes yes, I got into it because I have a friend who's really into it and she suggested I watch a couple, so we talk about it sometimes, though I watch only occasionally myself these days. But yeah, it's the sort of thing that'd be really awkward to explain if someone walked in on you watching it... 




 Good choice. Also Heather Feather, if you find that you like the RP type videos, she's such a sweetie :3 they pretty much all are, actually 




 Yes, thank you, I love this site, such a good read 




 Oh man, this is just making me really sad, if anything :( especially when she mentions that she lives with her parents, they must be really worried for her.

Also, ew, my vagina just about clamped shut reading this. 




 Please deliver! Like, maybe this isn't the most popular comment ever but each one of us is a person who really frigging wants to see this picture! 




 This happened once to me! I was such a superstitious kid, unlike now, being a super suck-the-fun-out-of-everything-mega-skeptic, and I had lost a bag of mine, a Hello Kitty bag, for those who care. It was gone for days and it was bugging me so so much and I had turned the house top to bottom looking for it. I must have been about 10 or 11 and I thought "meh, maybe if I just focus on it really hard I'll be able to do some kind of remote viewing psychic voodoo or whatever".

Sat down and thought about the bag as vividly as I could and then the cupboard in our hall came to mind, equally vividly, the very first location that did come mind, too. Sure enough it was there, someone else must have tidied it away as I certainly hadn't put it there and it was completely an unlikely place for it, this was where we'd normally put things like phone books and stolen IKEA pencils, you know, hallway junk, but not bags.

Needless to say it never happened again or anything similar, as cool as I thought it was at the time and as hard as I tried to repeat it. The brain's a big place that remembers stuff you may have explicitly forgotten and we have plenty of unremarkable experiences in our lives, so...yeah, probs just a neat fluke/coincidence. But it totally rocked my 10/11 y/o mind. 




 This is a lovely idea, maybe I'll try live my life more like that's actually the case, thank you :)

(Side note, I think I've heard a similar thing before, like, what if everyone else is just you, but living out a different incarnation, I don't know if that makes me feel comforted or lonely) 




 Aw man, sorry to take things off topic but one time in high school we marathoned the extended edition LOTRs. Started about 10pm and finished the next morning. No one was allowed to sleep, one of the nicest memories I have from that time :3 Such a great time...

But yeah, enjoy the mini series. I keep meaning to check it out myself when I find the time, report back with findings! 




 Adorable :D great job 




 So tempted to make an inspirational cross stitch sampler of this... 




 Thanks everyone for your comments, it definitely seems possible to convert someone :p might just show him this thread and see what he thinks :3 




 Yay, that's reassuring. I wouldn't see why they'd be any more bitey than any other type of rodent. My aunt, who is a vet has always said it's hamsters she dreads dealing with the most in that regard :p  




 British person here, I don't think anyone referred to Queen Elizabeth's Mum as "the Queen's Mum". But her 'title' was "Queen Mother", so maybe that's what threw you off...?

 




 Hang tight and I'll try find some Youtube or other sorts of tutorials for you to try! (scurries off to have a look)

Edit:

Ok so here's a few things I've found...

**Bracelets**
Friendship bracelets are very inexpensive (for materials you just need the string/floss) and quite sweet, plus there's a lot of scope to make a custom, personal pattern or two, plus there's instructions for making them everywhere online:

- http://www.buzzfeed.com/mackenziekruvant/15-summer-camp-style-friendship-bracelets-you-can-make-right
- http://friendship-bracelets.net/tutorials.php


**Misc. Tutorials**

- http://www.allfreejewelrymaking.com/Monthly-Jewelry-Favorites/Top-100-DIY-Jewelry-Patterns-How-to-Make-Bracelets-Necklaces-Earrings-and-More
- Craftster is a great website and community, hopefully you'll find something suitable in this list of tutorials, and if you need help then the forum members will probably be happy to offer advice :3 http://www.craftster.org/forum/index.php?topic=386275.0 and http://www.craftster.org/forum/index.php?topic=396187.0

Hope those are a helpful place to start, OP, sorry I didn't find loads of stuff, but I hope you find something to suit your crafting skill level and the sorts of things your girlfriend likes.
(Also, don't forget to let us know what you end up making!) 




 Also 800g?! I was aware males could get big but, wow! :O 




 Sweet, that's a whole bunch of cool information, I hope I can one day be in a situation to use all those rat care tips :3 




 Aww, yeah my Mum has said that if I get rats I can't take them home to visit her :p But then she always said we'd never get dogs...and now we have three, so... 




 Hi there :)


I would love to keep rats; goodness knows I've spent hours pouring over pictures and videos of them online, or researching the cages, food, supplies etc. I would buy for them. They seem like such smart, funny, lovable pets and I want so badly to adopt a whole bunch of them. I love keeping various animals and have had a variety of healthy happy pets over the years but have yet to have a go at keeping rats.


My only real problem, however, is that I live with a boyfriend (for now and the foreseeable future) who is very much staunchly against the idea of keeping rats. Together we currently have just the one pet, a Syrian hamster, and we both love her to bits. We're always talking about all the animals we'll own one day, he's just as pro-let's-get-a-whole-bunch-of-animals-to-live-with, as I am, but whenever the subject of rats comes up, he adamantly refuses to entertain the idea of getting any.

Hamsters/Mice/Gerbils/Degus/Chinchillas/Guinea pigs/Rabbits etc. are all fine: rats seem to be the only rodent he has a problem with. Reasons he's given so far include: "I don't like their tails" (yet mice tails, which are pretty much the same are fine?), "They're vicious and more 'bitey' than other rodents", and "They're too big" (yep, way bigger than a degu or a rabbit, sure...).


Obviously I'm not going to force the issue, and if he truly doesn't want rats in his home then I won't force them upon him, but his reasons against seem so trivial and I would so love to keep rats...


**TL-DR**
Does anyone here have any experiences of convincing the reluctant ones in their lives that rats are adorable? Were you yourself once anti-rat and if so what made you change your mind? Any input welcome, really, he seems currently immune to all the cute rat pictures I can throw at him. Appalling. :p 




 Out of interest who is the narrator for the audiobooks? 




 Yeah using lip balm makes you need lip balm (I'm definitely reliant on it)...but I wouldn't go so far as to say it's a huge sinister money-spinning conspiracy, it's just a pretty much accepted annoyance
 




 I'm entirely new to this but so far as I can tell I think it's mostly done free hand, though molds and stencils can help you get certain shapes. I can see why a beginners' kit would come with a mold to make things a bit easier getting the general shape (I still found I had to 'sculpt' in quite a bit of definition freehand). 




 Aw shucks, thanks :) 




 How did you know?! :p Jabbed one of my fingers quite hard early on, after that I was a bit more careful, and 'only' had a few more lighter accidental hand stabbings... 




 Thanks, I mean, with a kit I couldn't go far wrong, to be honest :p

Although the instructions could have been a bit more helpful; I had no idea what sort of density I was meant to be aiming for, I stabbed away for hours and hoped for the best, really :) 




 Thank you, and yes I am feeling better :) I have a whole lot of work to do at the moment but you better believe I'm instead choosing to spend my time searching for needle felting supplies instead! 




 Thank you :3 I'm quite pleased with how he's turned out, too.
Totally going to try make needle felted versions of my pets now...

Edit: missing word 




 So very very many :p I'll must admit it did feel a bit wrong stabbing a tiny fluffy bunny... 




 Thank you :D 




 I wasn't feeling too well yesterday so I decided to treat myself to some craft supplies including a little needle felting kit by Dimensions. It was pretty fun considering I'd never even considered trying needle felting before :3

I totally want to do more!

(Also here's a few more pictures if you're interested http://imgur.com/a/u8Osj#0 ) 









 Also here's a few more pictures if you're interested http://imgur.com/a/u8Osj#0 




 I wasn't feeling too well yesterday so I decided to treat myself to some craft supplies including a little needle felting kit by Dimensions. It was pretty fun considering I'd never even considered trying needle felting before :3 

I totally want to do more! 
























 This is interesting because we somehow got around to talking about pills and dosage in a recent lecture actually. 

Part of it is to do with how you use the pill as a product. Certain pills might be marketed in small doses per individual pill for safety reasons, e.g. so you don't accidentally harm yourself taking too much; one less concentrated pill on its own isn't going to be so harmful. Also so that you can take smaller doses than one might normally need, should you wish (I'm talking things like paracetamol, asprin, everyday over the counter type pills).

But a lot of the time it's for general ease of dosage, particularly if they are prescribed pills that you yourself are meant to take regularly to a prescribed schedule. For instance, it's easier to remember to take one slightly weaker pill per day than a slightly stronger pill every two days, as the routine you maintain in doing so is easier to remember, and also with a weaker pill, the damage of missing one would be less (I'd imagine). This way you're more likely to receive the right dosage because you are more likely to take it correctly.



It's also why a lot of birth control comes with placebo pills for seven days, rather than simply a break of no pills. I'm not sure how familiar you are with birth control pills but with the most common type you basically take it once a day for 28 days, then have a break for seven days (have yourself a period), then resume with it. With the brands that come with additional placebo pills that don't do anything for the seven days, rather than those that simply give you 28 days worth of pills on their own you just keep going without breaking your routine, no potential difficulties in trying to remember where you last broke off etc.


Sorry for my dreadful examples, but hopefully you get the idea was trying so so poorly to convey :p

EDIT: 21 days, not 28, rather 




 Falconry!

I'd love to try it, and who doesn't think the idea of owning and caring for a bird of prey would be cool? But I've no idea how people go about starting with it. You obviously can't (or rather shouldn't) buy a bird of prey without first giving it a go and finding out if it's really for you and learning a whole lot of background stuff. But from where?

Like, where do you even go to learn about stuff like that outside of the internet?

:( 




 I find this both stressful and satisfying to watch... 




 Thanks for the replies folks! I've currently taken on a swap to keep me busy for now. Hopefully we can sort out swaps for the next time I'm swap-free :3

Have a lovely day 




 Nice, I wish I'd known this was on, would have loved to have gone 




 This was nice... I really enjoy seeing comedians or whoever handling hecklers well without being too heavy handed :3 




 Aww shame, she was awesome, and she signed my book :D But if that sort of thing's not your cup of tea then fair enough :3 




 Seriously you should go anyway, you'll regret missing the chance to see her! 




 Agreed, this video just made me uncomfortable :( 




 I don't think the clothes are even that bad, it's just...why so angry? :( 




 Aren't they? 




 Seconded the mlp stuff, (am also griller). I truly believe there was a time when it would have been (somewhat moreso) socially acceptable to be into ponies and now the golden age has passed.  I just lost interest once it became known as the fandom with all those grown men in it who masturbate to children's toys and stuff... 




 No I totally agree here with Cryptic. It was pretty mean to make fun of him that much...though...maybe in a way it could be what he needed, poor guy...

EDIT: Just reached the part about "when are you going back to Ohio, we want you to leave". Bit harsh, like... 




 Needs more Nick Cage ;) 




 Jonathan Rhys Meyers is a nice touch, I don't think he gets as much appreciation as he should 




 Oh God Shia Laboeuf as Paul, that'd be so horrible... 




 Well...gosh 




 This is Reddit. Suffering Olympics and all that... 




 Came here to post the exact same thing you beautiful son of a bitch 




 http://www.harkavagrant.com/?id=341

I don't know, the BG can be pretty cold but, Nazis? Maybe I need to read further on with sequels than I currently have though... 




 Elaborate 




 THANK YOU. Nice to know I'm not alone on this one 









 "STAY OUT OF OUR FANDOMS FILTHY WHORE CASUALS"..."Why are there no m'ladies here?"

Edit: This https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0ggK9-TBVY 




 Literally Hitler. 




 I was obsessed with the Hogfather adaptation when it came out. I think it was maybe mostly to do with a teenage crush I had on the actors playing Mr Teatime and Susan. Good times. I should dig the DVD out sometime... 




 American Gods would be cool. I think HBO was going to make it into a tv miniseries(?) but then it just hung around in development purgatory before getting abandoned. 

Failing that, A Handmaid's Tale or the Wasp Factory would be cool options.

Also, two of my favourite books ever, Titus Groan/Gormenghast would make a great film/films. They were made into a miniseries back in 2000,  it was so-so, has Stephen Fry in it and a bunch of others, a feature length film would be wonderful though.

Yeah, Brave New World would be interesting to see on the big screen.

EDIT: Turns out there was a Handmaid's Tale film...huh 




 Rite? You would go to class and study but it's all so easy you find it dull and that's why you can't do any of the work or get good grades /s 




 I know, god damn Blue Pill is full of hotties.

I mean, ^beta ^faggots ^or ^something? 




 Bloody hell, the internet is intent on sucking Joss Whedon's dick these days. Hope you can get it sorted out, OP :) 




 I like this. More of these. We could have them from all historical eras... 




 I'm too late, aren't I? :( 




 I'm doing the thing! 




 Same, one time when I was a teen I went almost a year without a period. A YEAR. Everything was fine btw, but yes...tracking periods because of the influence of hormones on a slight shift in preferences for facial features is an awful, impractical idea... 




 Also other guys, basically everyone is a threat...it's a terper eat terper world out there... 




 What. 




 Your guy friends are pretty hot...*runs away giggling* 




 DAE Extroverts just (le)terally don't get it? 




 "You smell of fear. I can taste it from here and you are in Sheffield"

For some reason, this is where I lost it. 




 I had a bit of time in hospital a few weeks ago and played SO MUCH of this game, beating it was such sweetness. I'd been playing it at home a lot too and my boyfriend was starting to make fun of me for all the times I ended up yelling "I don't even think I'm having fun, I just have to keep playing though!" :P Grats.

Might I also suggest you now try the Fibonacci and Threes editions? Just as infuriatingly fun as the original ;) 




 10/10 would display proudly on my bookshelf 




 Yeah, Kyle Maclachlan was a pretty decent Paul in my eyes. Not exactly how I'd pictured him though, especially in the sequels beyond 'Dune', but honestly I think he was well enough cast. Also I ^sort ^of ^have ^a ^lady ^crush ^on ^him... 




 YES. Duke Leto was spot-on for me, shame we couldn't have seen just a bit more of him 




 Gotta love Toto 




 Oh hai there, fellow VisualBoy Emulator user 




 This just came to me last night. When I was little I had a VHS tape and it had some short animated kids stories on it. I can't remember if there was any rhyme or reason as to the things on it, maybe it was things we'd recorded off tv, but one of the stories was about a couple of panda cubs.

It may have been in anime or Western style, I'm unsure, but basically the two panda cubs (possibly some other type of bear cub) are travelling some
where together. Starts off with one of them saying they were bored, which I remember because I had to ask my Mum what 'bored' meant.

Eventually they start squabbling and, I don't know, smash the world or cause some sort of rift (possibly something to do with that part of the world being made of crystals)? At any rate, it ends with them being separated, either from each other or with no hope of ever getting home again.


Something depressing like that. The moral of course was "don't fight or quarrel".

Anybody? I feel like I would definitely recognise the voice acting if I heard it (American accents). Please help me recover this bit of my childhood :p 




 Wild stab in the dark with the 'Wind Singer' books? 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wind_Singer

All I really remember of them is that there's an oppressive society, an underground fringe society, and a circular 'S' symbol on the front, they are YA books and came out around about that time. A lot of the other details don't add up though, so I won't hold my breath on this :p 




 YES! Thank you, I knew it was by someone familiar

Edit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LNHYz89sNc found it.

Second Edit: I will totally read the short story at the earliest convenience 




 That is, the machinery in it goes through the motions of setting out food (possibly) and other actions like waking them up, but the actual inhabitants are clearly dead (though I don't think we see their bodies or anything).

Sorry that that's so incredibly vague, I'm sure this is a real thing and not some grim dream I had or whatever. Almost 95% confident it was a short animated film with no dialogue. *Unhelpful shrug* 




 Also, brb, installing Chip's Challenge... 




 Sounds like it, does this look familiar, OP? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chip's_Challenge 




 Check that SMV... 




 FINGERNAILS. OH GOD. FINGERNAILS.

I mean, you surely don't have to have a vagina of your own to realise that scraping/stabbing with your uncut nails is going to happen if you just ram them in there...*shudder* 




 Yeah, we had a one-way system at our school too, like, all the way around the entire school (which was sort of ring, shaped, with bits coming off it, if that makes sense). It was a bitch to get around if you had to get to your locker, go to the bathroom etc. and get to class on time, but I guess it made sense from  a safety point of view
 




 My, what an attractive individual. 




 Interbreeding with wolves and dogs does sometimes happen, however, some dog evolutionists argue that the grey wolf may not be the sole ancestor of the modern dog anyway, rather it could be some other canid like the jackal or something similar. At any rate, we need to remember that dogs aren't wolves, they *are* their own species, one artificially created through their ancestors' ongoing symbiotic relationship with humans. 

I reckon, although as someone else said, there is no way of predicting what evolution will do, that we could reasonably expect to get a mongrely sort of 'street dog', as we see in dogs living on the fringes of human settlements today, the type of dogs we think early proto-dogs living alongside humans would have looked like throughout most of the species' history. There'd be variation depending on geography and so on, but probably a medium build type of dog, not too chunky, not too anything, fairly generic. But that's just my speculation.

Selectively breeding dogs for certain breed types is only a relatively modern phenomenon, and it is the Victorians we have to 'thank' for a lot of selective pet breeding, and for the rigid breeding of dogs to a particular standard or appearance. There have been breeds and types before this time of course, but breeders were more concerned with performance; a shepherd might breed his best herder or whatever, hunters might select for dogs with good retrieval skills, you get the idea. Companion or pet breeding was similarly casual, and of course, with less strict rules about roaming, and less spay/neutering, dogs tended to just do the biz with whoever else they damn well pleased. What I'm saying is that there's so much variation in how dogs look, and it's not always been necessarily down to us intentionally breeding for it.

If you'd like to learn more about the history of dogs and their place alongside humans, I highly recommend the book 'In Defence of Dogs' by John Bradshaw. Hope that was even remotely helpful. Like I say, I could be totally wrong, and I'm just speculating (please be gentle, Reddit people) :3

Edit: Ofc I'm not saying there is no influence of their ancestors in the dogs genetic makeup, just that dogs are now pretty much their own species, and so long as they inhabit an evolutionary niche alongside humans, I don't personally think they would 'revert' to wolves. 




 ^ What this guy said, these 'after image' effects caused by rhodopsin (the chemical in question) depletion, are what gives us these cool optical illusions: http://izismile.com/2011/11/11/mind_blowing_afterimages_optical_illusions_3_pics_11_gifs.html 




 My body is so ready, but where can I find showings in Europe/The UK?  




 Yeah, I think threads like these are pretty good for asking the question "can/should we actually compare books to their film adaptations?". I know I've definitely come across those who think it's meaningless to even compare two different types of media like that. I can appreciate why, I guess 




 No you're right, I misspelled it and didn't even notice until you pointed it out.
Rest assured I feel suitably dirty and ashamed :p 




 Thanks, I think they're adorable too :p
She's a long haired, which in female Syrian hamsters basically just means a couple of ear tufts and maybe a bit of a butt 'skirt' (though my hammie just has little butt tufts). As far as I'm aware the females don't really express long-hairedness to the extent that males do. 




 Oh no, would you not recommend Memoirs of a Geisha? I've always had a notion that I'd get around to reading it some day but, meh, worth it? 




 For me reading the books along with the show has just heightened my enjoyment of both, I couldn't imagine being as into the books as I am if I hadn't seen the show and vice versa 




 That's cool, I didn't know that. 
I've read a couple of other short pieces by Palahniuk that I thought were just great, Fight Club just left me underwhelmed :p 




 Children of Men was great both in book and film form, but I honestly felt like the two were completely different stories, but for the fact that there are no children happening. It's one of the film adaptations I've seen that's the least similar to the book on which it was based, just a completely different tone, focus, everything, even down to the fact that men are impotent in the book and women are barren in the film (or whichever way around it was :p). 

I'd still have a hard time deciding between the two, though in terms of preference. 




 Close one for me to call but I'd maybe just have to go with the book this time. But man I love both so much... 
























 That is heartbreaking D: (though the happy ending makes up for it :3) I hate to think how my piggies will be when one of them loses the other... 




 I lold :p 




 I mis-typed in my title and have no idea how to edit it *cry* 









 Yes same! One time I did this when out with my roommate... 




 About a year ago we moved to a flat where the tiny bathroom is basically three walls of mirror at face height. Seeing my face from pretty much every angle is one of the most grueling parts of my day.
My nose is so rounded and blunt at the tip and the nostrils. Oh God the nostrils. I wish my chin were a bit pointier too and something I've noticed recently since getting a full fringe is that I have a sloping forehead, like a Neanderthal or some other kind of proto-human.

Gah. 




 Can confirm, just got off the phone from my Mum. Never felt so alive. 




 Totally agree, even just looking at this makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside, and proud to be Finnish. And I'm not even Finnish. 

Plus there's just something so equalizing and dignified about this; every child, no matter their background, gets at least the same basic items to start with. Such a nice concept. 




 My soul hurts thinking about that movie. 




 Liking oneself. 

It seems to come to easily to other people and I've no idea how the hell to not cringe at everything I say, do, and how I look. I just don't get it. 




 This is great, how long did it take? :D 




 Adventure Time really is just the best 




 Penis. 




 Sorry, nothing came up when I searched 'Abracadaniel' 









 That looks really interesting, thanks. I guess I hadn't really thought about the psychological side of things, just the straight up nutrition business. 




 Neato. 




 So it really is just a matter of how (un)appealing it would be as a complete diet? That sounds fair enough I suppose... 




 Oh I've heard of plumpy'nut before, but could you actually live off it? I thought it was just a high calorie food suitable for those who are severely malnourished? 




 Kind of like Bachelor Chow in Futurama, or tasty tasty Soylent Green, I guess.

I mean, surely something could be made that gives you close to what our current understanding of human nutrition recommends we get each day. Like a vitamin pill but bulked out to make a sort of human chow. Artificial flavourings or whatever could be used to make it taste nice, right? Is there some obvious reason that it's not a thing that I haven't thought of? I mean, I guess it's kind of undignified, but then again so is living off of frozen pizzas and mountain dew.

I'd buy it. I'd buy the shit out of it.

Edit: Thanks, I woke up to a lot of useful discussion. I guess it just wouldn't be hugely popular unless in survival situations, damn humans and their decadent tastes for, well, nice tasting-things :p 




 Is this a haiku or...? 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Auto-antonym Auto-antonyms are words that can have two meanings that are the opposite of each other. 
'Dust' might be my favourite

Edit: E.g. You can dust something as the act of removing dust or fine particles, or dust something as the act of adding them "she dusted the cake with icing sugar" 




 Just finished a book in which variations on the word 'twine' ('twined', 'twining') were severely overused. I don't think it was intentional, nor part of some motif, or maybe I'm just a plebian.

I'm glad this type of thing annoys other people too :p 




 It's not just that but the whole deal with self-proclaimed nice guys thinking that they are the one nice person in a universe of undeserving douchebags. It's really insulting to other men and to women: have a girlfriend? You must be a douche. Are you female? You only like guys that are douches, trust me, you may not think you do, but you don't know your own mind, you love douches. Also your boyfriend is a douche.

Everyone is a douche. 




 25 people liked it. Urgh. 




 Definitely one of my favourite internet sofas 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsYoeoEE3ww Very relevant Mitchell and Webb sketch 




 I saw from the thumbnail that this was an Ashens video and got excited 




 How dare he make that assumption. 

I for one was just busy taking a two hour sofa nap. 




 Came here to post just this, glad you found it :) 




 They're dried meal worms :) 









 I started doing this one day when I had to wait for a while for a train and then I started doing it in the gym. I try to count upwards (or maybe set myself a high number and count back down to 0) but can only count that number and move on to the next one when it comes up on a digital display.

So for example to start, if I were playing in the gym and I'm on a treadmill I need to see a 0 come up somewhere on the display (like on my time, or distance or calories burned, whatever), then a 1, 2 ,3 and so on. I can only use each number once, so if I'm on 22 I can't use the same 2 twice, I have to wait for another 2 to appear. If I'm somewhere with cars then I can use licence plates too.

Thrilling stuff. 




 Yep. Rude. 




 Yeah, the right outside his door thing definitely killed it for me. But still, that post and this thread, 10/10, am so creeped. 




 Oh. 




 "You're a gentleman in a world of scoundrels" - something I must tell ~~my boyfriend~~ m'gentlesir more often 




 On a related note, I read 'The Shallows' recently and found that to be worryingly relateable. It's true that the internet is a wonderful tool but, like all tools, our use of it has shaped our thoughts and behaviour. In some ways this is good, but in many ways we're neglecting our ability to attend 'deeply'.
I worry about my attention span often and how 'being on the internet' has just become my default setting over the years, yet I never actually 'do' anything when I'm online. Even when I was a young'un and we first got the internet in our house I used it differently. I'd sit through long videos, spend hours on a flash game or read long pages of text. It's pretty worrying I suppose.

Anyways, I recommend you read that book if you're keen to see some more opinions on attention and the internet, it's very interesting. ('The Shallows' by Nicholas Carr). 




 You might want to try /r/snackexchange or /r/CultureSwap :) Hope that helps 




 Good thing he didn't create evidence of himself harassing random people, oh wait. 




 Entering rooms without knocking, especially if you're getting changed. Growing up there was no space in the house where I felt like I had any sort of privacy or sanctuary because NMum would just steam right into my room, no matter what I was doing on some lame pretence and often just...hang about for a bit.

I've no other way to describe it, she often would do this courtesy 'knock' as she was coming in, but the knock was part of the same action as opening the door. Saying "sorry I'm busy/getting dressed/etc." had no effect. She would come in regardless.
Obviously very annoying to grow up with but now it's hilarious; when I'm home visiting and staying in my old room (am a student) it's just so obviously absurd how keen she wants to come in my room but how little reason she has to be in there other than the fact that she can.  




 Yeah, it's a bit of a problem in a lot of psych studies too. Trying to get a truly representative sample of participants for the population you want to generalise to is hard. 'Self-selection' bias is when your participant sample is made up of people who chose to be in your study of their own free will (e.g. answered an advert for your study). Thankfully in many studies it's not a huge source of systematic error in itself (ofc it depends what you're investigating) but it's always something to be aware of. 




 I particularly liked the fact that his devastating put down had a fundamentally good message behind it, kind of "hey let's not be so hung up on genitals and end the ridiculous pressure and significance we attach to penis size amirite" (though incredibly douchely put) but then throws down some homophobic insults at those who question him. 


Nice. 




 One step closer to Dune actually becoming reality :p 




 If this isn't from there originally I'd recommend cross posting to /r/IdiotsFightingThings  




 Whoah, context? ... un-hooray :( 




 Oh my golly

Edit: Mother of God that comment graveyard... 




 I'm sure I've seen a confession bear or something similar about someone who posted their hairy armpit to /gonewild pretending it was vag. Not sure how legit but... 




 'Nice guys' really do seem to say such straight up hateful things about other men... 




 One time I held up an umbrella over my Grandma whilst walking her somewhere. I got soaked. Sadly she Granddaughter-zoned me too :( 




 Why exclude those living in the southern hemisphere though? 




 But how do we decide which way the Earth should be facing? 




 I'm saluting at my monitor...and shedding wistful tears of pride 




 Oh my gosh. Thank you for reminding me about this book! Next time I go home I definitely need to dig out my old books from childhood and have a nostalgia-fest. This book meant a lot to me and had a fair bit of an impact for sure 




 Oh hai there fellow 24 y/o non-driver. I'm determined to learn this summer...we'll see if that actually happens... 




 I wonder what they're doing right now? I hope they're happy... 




 I think the same thing about people 




 I'd always meant to get around to reading Dune and had picked up a second hand copy of the first book back in my first year of uni. I started to read it then but ended up accidentally leaving it at a relative's house before I could really get far into it.

I then started reading it again a little over a year ago and though I was kind of unsure at first I was eventually totally won over. It was quite unlike what I had thought it would be.



Amongst certain other books that I'll always remember in connection with this past year, the Dune sequels have definitely helped me get through my first year as a postgrad and all the turmoil that entails.   









 Hang in there, it's so nervewracking losing a hamster or any other kind of small furry. Stay chill, set out baited bucket 'traps', keep the cat and dogs out the way and search everywhere you can think of. My advice would be to wait until it's night time or whenever your hammy tends to be the most active. Hopefully she's just curled up somewhere sleeping whilst you worry :p

Good luck OP, keep us posted. 




 Urgh, yes please to this. 




 Oh hey is that that poke ball icon theme too? 




 Also sorry I totally misstyped a bit, I meant  "deaf to [the sound of the waterfall]" not deaf in general. Sorry sorry sorry for any confusion, it was late (edited my original comment now). :p 




 I think it was One Flew Over the Cuckoo's nest, but I'm not 100%. I just remember the main character casually musing about it at one point 




 I wonder about this a lot. Like those times when a noise like air conditioning or whatever is running and you only notice that you ever heard it when it suddenly stops...

EDIT: There was a bit in a book I love that talked about living near a waterfall, and thereby being completely deaf to it. 




 For some reason this is really comforting to know 





























 "I wrote a hit play and directed it, so I'm not sweating it either"
"Maybe I'm spending too much of my time starting up clubs and putting on plays. I should probably be trying harder to score chicks."

Urgh, one of my favourite films :)

Edit: My God, the more I look at all his quotes the more sense it makes http://www.imdb.com/character/ch0008323/quotes 




 Shit like this is why I left the MLP fandom 




 Gosh that's horrible :( 




 Poor little baby. Make sure you keep him in a dimly lit quiet room so he can have some peace whilst recovering. If you keep his wounds clean and dry, and try to minimise his stress as much as possible he should be on the road to recovery.
When I was little one of my piggies was attacked by a magpie, he had to have stitches in his abdomen. As I remember he bounced back ok.

Edit: All the best OP, keep us updated 




 I demand this be redone but with them wearing little sailor hats. K thx :3 




 "Polish comes from the cities; wisdom from the desert" 




 Well. 




 My heart just about melted :3 Little punks 




 Seconded, you'll need a little dust pan and brush that you use specifically for the piggies and nothing else, especially if you're keeping them on fleece, so you can give it a daily poop brushing. If your piggie-owning experience is anything like mine this will probably be your most used piece of kit :p

Edit: I'm talking like any old cheap household dust pan and brush, I think I got mine from poundland i.e. it cost £1) 




 "Dawn Faizey Webster, who has just been awarded a 2:2 Open University degree in ancient history – a feat she achieved by blinking the answers"

Bloody hell that's inspiring.  




 I get that it looks kinda cute and nice having a table overflowing with adorable creatures but WHO THE HELL THOUGHT THIS WAS A GOOD IDEA 




 Scapegoating. Circlejerking.  




 This is adorable. I know those feels, and they are amazing. I hope you have a super life, OP :3 




  As A Mother

Just what I was going to say. I have literally never ever ever heard anybody use this phrase, apart from people on the internet complaining about people using it. I get the attitude they are trying to criticise though, a sort of "I'm a mum so I know what's best" but again, outside of maybe the odd hysterical anti-vaxxers group, I've never encountered this... 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ss7AQC79t2s If it hasn't been already posted. Quest of the Manwhore. 




 But...skeletons don't real...? 




  Which men can have sex with hundreds of women? Rich, famous, extremely attractive, confident men, a combination of those.

I was responding to that, primarily. All I know is that some of my most promiscuous males friends openly hate and oppose red pill ideology, and don't fit many if any of the standards you said lead to increased women-getting.

Maybe it is easier for women to have a lot of sex, but let's face it, society doesn't look so kindly on women who do. The answer isn't to feel bitter about it but to just say "screw it" (no pun intended) and go out and live the life you'd like to. I'm sorry if you maybe feel your love life isn't what you'd perhaps like it to be, but the key ingredient is increasing your empathy, not bitterness and the compulsive tallying of the ways in which the 'other side' has it better than you.

Edit: as a tangential post-script I'd just like to add that I don't see the point of approaching dating from a position of cynicism and bitterness. I just don't see what enjoyment there is to be had from treating any interpersonal interactions in this way. 




 Precisely, and I think it really is a shame that we place so much emphasis as a society on how important and manly it is to have a whole lot of sex if you're a guy, and to lose your virginity as soon as possible. TRPer philosophy sees sex as a numbers game: everything revolves around sex and getting plenty of it to prove your worth but they clearly aren't in it for the pure and simple fact that they enjoy the act of sex itself. It's really sad.

It's ok to like having a lot of sex, it's ok to not want any sex. Just make sure you're doing it safely and for the right reasons with a person/people who are also happy and in to it. Simple.

 




 Really though? Because I see a lot of that sort of mentality on TRP type forums, and yet when I think about my friends it's some of the most normal type guys I know who are the most promiscuous. My most promiscuous male friend is the most laid back, friendly guy you could ever meet. Yes, attractive but not hugely so. It just seems to me that the people in my groups of friends who have the most sex are the ones who do it because it's fun and they (shock, horror) actually like and naturally get on well with other people. Let me reiterate: actually *like* other people, enjoy sex for sex (not as some powerplay exercise) and would probably bend over backwards to help you if you had a problem. Hardly the douchey alpha archetype at all.

Sadly, a couple of my guy friends are into TRP and trying to be alpha, they rarely if ever seem to get laid. 

Maybe it's just my skewed sample of friends but...yeah. 




 Same guy who brought us this musical delight https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4QBRgyitFs :-\ 




 To be fair, men should feel able to openly express their liking for traditionally feminine stuff. Good for him :3  




 Nice. This might do well with the good folks over at  /r/juxtaposition too btw.  




 But...what sort of reaction is this guy even expecting once he's made his point? Gah. Poor librarians. 




 I'd say get her 'toys' that provide shelter, if she's still nervous (or even if she isn't). A tube or a little 'tent' or even just more creations made out of cardboard boxes will do. This way she can leave the box she's currently cowering under and feel like she has other places to go in the cage, and to hide under should she feel nervous. If she feels like her only 'safe' space is her box, then she won't really want to leave it for long unless she has to.

Also chew toys, lots of chew toys.

And a cage mate once she's settled a bit more, piggies don't like to be lonely.

Hope she settles in well, all the best with your new little pal :3 




 Ignore the rude circlejerking that's going on here about time/money and crafting during a lecture. These are so cool, great job, OP :) 




 I'm not sure what exactly you're looking for, so here's a bunch of stuff on disfluency in speech. It's amazing how much our slip ups can tell us about how speech and language works. Every way in which you can mispeak a word has been categorised and studied and some psycholinguists spend their entire career researching what makes us say the wrong thing, from spoonerisms to good old parapraxis (Freudian slips) and of course the ubiquitous "uh".

Hopefully there's something in here that'll answer your question:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speech_disfluency

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freudian_slip

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malapropism

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoonerism (this could be what you mean, it's when you accidentally transpose the first letters of two words, often with amusing results)

Source: am (not very good) psycholinguistic grad student 




 Thanks so much for sharing the pattern, I know I'll never get around to actually doing it myself but this is so cool. Be sure to post a picture when it's finished :D 




 My undergrad uni has a brony society, I went to one of their meetups in my final year. It was honestly a really fun evening. Sue me. 




 Oh I love the cat! It's great seeing other people's improvement, so satisfying :p Keep up the amazing work :) 




 As someone who uses fleece I can say it definitely makes things easier to have a hay rack, cleaning-wise. Mine was until recently in a hay rack over the kitchen area which is just a cat litter tray, and for the most part it stopped loose hay strands getting all over the fleece. However some piggies will refuse to eat from a hay rack (too much effort? I don't know) including mine. As hay should make up the majority of your guinea pig's diet I'd say provide it for them in whatever way works best for them eating it. Even if that does mean having messy fleece from dumping it in the cage in a big pile, as I've had to resort to doing. 




 Fucks sake OP why. 




 M'dragons 




 Amazing Atheist, no contest. 




 Jane Goodall is such an amazing person, I got to meet her after a talk she did in my city recently. I mean, I was too start-struck to actually say anything interesting to her apart from something about liking her talk and could she please sign my book but, hey, ^still ^^counts ^^^right?

Edit: Totally meant to say 'star-struck'. It's been a long week 




 That's such a cute idea. I named my two after characters from the book 'The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman'. If I ever get females I plan to name them after the Bronte sisters...or characters from Adventure Time... 




 Poor little pigling, hope he(?) gets well soon. Keep us updated :) 




 But people like this would just argue that they don't have those traditional indicators of success because everyone else is so moronic as to make him simply an unappreciated genius in his time. 




 My ~~boyfriend~~ Gentlesir has a moustauche, should I end it and try find someone more self-aware? Pls advise. 




 Totally, I started using it about a year ago, just because it was a nice time killer and often funny or interesting. The community though is just awful, I feel like it's definitely worsened more recently too, it's like having the lame parts of Reddit but you can't avoid them like you can avoid subs. There are times I genuinely come away from that place feeling kinda crappy. 




 I see these sorts of responses on Imgur too. It's so depressing. The only times Reddit and Imgur are eager to get behind any sort of feminist values is when it's to talk with a little too much enthusiasm about being able to hit women...in self-defense of course... 




 Same, that video gave me such chills. The way the people are literally jammed in the doorway, stacked on top of each other. Horrible stuff. 




 I don't know why you were downvoted, as a psych grad student, the title makes me uncomfortable. 




 Hey no problem :) it's one of those things you could go your whole life without even mentioning to another person, yet it seems like such a common experience. Just knowing that other people have acknowledged and put a name to something can be big help in a lot of cases. 




 It's one of those things that's hard to put into words really, but if you keep trying it should eventually 'click' and become easier the more you try (vague and unhelpful I know, sorry) :p 




 I'm honestly so surprised by the number of people who say they enjoy this sensation, most material I've seen online about AIWS has been very much oriented around 'How can I stop experiencing this?' or tips for snapping out of it. But I suppose those who enjoy it would have no real reason to kick up much fuss talking about it... 




 Those are excellent descriptions, and I think the first one really hits home how my experiences of it feel: incredibly isolated from the world around you. You can be touching something, or talking to someone inches away from you yet they feel impossibly far.  




 I just can't stand it, I don't know why. It sort of makes me feel incredibly uneasy somehow. But to each their own :p 




 Yeah, it's always reassuring to find out that some things are...'things' that other people have talked about and given names to :)
When I was a little girl I used to sort of 'force' it during long school assemblies, by staring at the head of whoever was standing at the front of the hall and making it switch to looking tiny and close up. Clearly it didn't bother me so much back then and I really wish I hadn't; I think it's made it 'easier' for my brain to switch into that mode and gah, it's horrible.

A few tips for trying to snap out of it: Shaking your head. Getting up and moving about in the room, so you can appreciate the actual scale of the world through more senses than just sight. Pinching or hurting yourself in some way. If it's night time, switching on the lights can sometimes help. These can usually work for me, hopefully they do the trick for you too :) 




 Sounds to me like Alice in Wonderland Syndrome https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alice_in_Wonderland_syndrome

Lots of people find that when they are tired, their sense of scale gets kinda messed up. I get this too, especially, as you said, when lying in bed. Other triggers can include focusing on small print or staring for too long at very far away or close up objects. Tiredness and illness can trigger it, but so can many other things like stress, apparently.

Anecdotally, I've noticed that people are always annoyed by it and find it an unpleasant, disorienting experience. I don't personally know a whole lot about it but you shouldn't worry about it, as it's very normal. Hopefully now you know what it's called you can do a little bit more research into it :)

Edit: I retract my previous statement; a whole bunch of people seem to really enjoy it, according to this thread. Mostly I've only ever seen discussions about how to stop experiencing it :p 




 When I was little we had Civ II and good God the hours I put into that thing. Then one day I was really really ill and all night long I just laid there in bed alternately rushing off to the bathroom to vomit and hallucinating Civ II imagery.

Never played it since... 




 The other day I think I saw one of my exes on one of the many reddit gw subs. I'm still not 100% it's him, but a few details add up (including his location etc.), as well as the little of his face shown in the photos looking a hell of a lot like him.

Of course it's none of my business what he does online these days, but it is amusing so I'll just keep stalking that account for the lols. 




 Many a time I've spent minutes pawing at my eye trying to remove a contact only to remember I'm not wearing them... 




 To those questioning why this is rage, I don't think it's to do with the fact that they aren't giving away their own money to just everyone. Rather more to do with the fact that they're barging in with their typical naked ladies and bravado on a situation where people are suffering in a way that isn't really all that helpful and is actually kind of tactless. 









 Nice one, good job buddy :) 




 I needed that, thank you kind stranger :) You too x 




 Seriously I appreciate the advice and it's reassuring to hear that your piggy did a bit of hooting without showing any obvious heart problems :) I'm watching them like a hawk and am ready to pounce should they show any other signs of anything being amiss. They're already such sweet personalities and I hope they stick around with me long enough to really get to know them both :3 




 Thanks for the info :) He seems completely fine this evening and I'm keeping a close eye on him. Yesterday (when he was hooting) I had just switched them on to fleece from shavings for the first time, so I'd be surprised if there was anything dusty going on; his breathing and nose seemed perfectly clear. This evening he is maybe a bit more subdued than he might normally be about this time (they tend to run and play a lot around about now) but it has been so hot today and it still quite warm in my flat (it's coming up to 11pm just now).

I wish I had had them both a little longer before this scare, because I'm still only just getting to know what is 'normal' for these two :p
 




 He hasn't done it since I posted, so I've not had a chance to record it, but pretty much this, maybe a tad louder.

Edit: Forgot to actually attach the video :p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzS8G3Gh_nI 




 Update: he's stopped hooting for now and is munching on hay in his 'kitchen' area. He's acting as if nothing has happened but I'm so worried, guys... 




 So I adopted my pair of guinea pigs about a week and a half ago. They are both male and I believe they are reasonably young and have seemed to be settling in really well. They've been running around plenty and eating and drinking with what seem like perfectly healthy appetites but tonight out of nowhere the biggest piggie, Toby, (who I actually posted a picture of just the other day) has started 'hooting' a whole lot, pretty much constantly.

I'm so worried and have been Googling and of course I am seeing a lot of stuff coming up about heart conditions. This is all very concerning, what else can you guys tell me about it? And what should I do?

It's currently 11.30pm ish where I am right now, so I can't really call my vet just now, but I'm guessing that's what I should do first thing tomorrow morning, right? This is so upsetting after having him for only such a short amount of time, he's not even really gotten used to me yet as an owner and I feel like I've failed him. 




 I often feel 'pain' in my dreams, or something approaching it, certainly intense discomfort at any rate. Many times this is when I'm experiencing pain irl though (for instance if I've rolled on to my arm and it's gone into 'pins and needles' mode I might dream it's on fire), however it often happens without any real world reason too. It's not uncommon for me to 'feel' the pain of being electrocuted or on fire, or maybe bitten by something. 




 I almost didn't notice this post, this sounds fun, count me in :D 




 I was watching Family Guy the other day (it's on pretty much constantly on the UK channel BBC Three, which is thankfully getting canned pretty soon). One of the jokes was basically "lol Asian women like small things and also have small breasts, AMIRITE GUYS?!". Maybe there was something I just wasn't getting and I'm a huge joyless wet blanket but my God, he seemed genuinely angry at Asian women, it was bizarrely unpleasant and just...not funny. 




 Precisely, and also this whole blaming other people when your joke fails thing is ridiculous (see Seth Macfarlane re: his latest film, he seriously gave an interview about how his film flopped because everyone else just 'didn't get it', though he was just unfunny, not necessarily offensive). You can't just yell out "HURR BLACK PEOPLE LOL AMIRITE?!" or "HURR DURR RAPE!" and then be pissed off when people don't laugh. Joking about a potentially riske or taboo subject doesn't automatically grant you some magical free pass for funniness just because the subject matter is off-colour, you actually have to make a decent or insightful joke. 
























 Do people ever say this? But yeah I'm pretty sure no one who's clued up as to where they are in their own cycle (hardly any of us have clockwork regular cycles btw) would be clueless enough to assume that you can't get pregnant with the rhythm method (timing sex to the non-fertile phases of your period).
For reals, it's just safe to assume you're always gonna get pregnant, and even if you aren't receptive at the time of having sex, sperm can hang around in there and wait 'till you are.

Edit: Sorry, forgot this was Reddit, where we all live in constant fear from the very real threat of sperm-jacking hussies. 




 I first discovered that I loved the taste of coffee when I was 18 and in my first year of university. I had no idea why around the same time that I was downing cup after cup of the stuff I also needed to pee a lot, like all the time. 

Took me ages to figure out what was going on... 




 To be fair, as a kid I always thought Russia is where Canada is (I'm not from America or Canada or anywhere nearby if that somehow makes it any better) 




 He had to have surgery on it once he'd lost a lot of weight, and for a while he wore a little leather vest to stop it dragging on the ground :(

Edit: http://www.obiedog.com/ source 




 Obie!

Yeah he's a completely different dog now; his new adoptive owner did a great job. I followed his progress on their FB page, shit was pretty heartwarming. 




 He can't see without them :( 




 I wish I could remember the source, but I read an article recently about trends in how American parents are naming their children. Apparently for boys, for example, '-aiden' type sounding names are becoming hugely popular, but variations in how this sound is spelled differ. So though there is a trend towards certain similar sounding names, parents are seeking originality in child-naming through the precise spelling.

So...yeah, that's pretty cool.

But for sure this anti-unusual-child-names jerk annoys me especially for some reason. It's pretty much just anti-poverty and anti-race sentiment dressed up as faux concern that "yeah but that kid will get bullied for having a weird name, aw naw".
Yes. That is definitely why it is necessary to point and laugh at the children and their parents. Outstanding. /rant.

Edit: Yeah you're right about the anti-middle class(and/or whatever the American equivalent of middle class is, I know it doesn't mean quite the same thing outside Britain) names too. I think Redditors are mostly just looking for reasons to despise other people for no real reason.

 




 DAE all cops =/= actual human beings? 




 As a potential future mother this is my biggest fear 




 Dibs 




 Hey I know this is an old comment but I think I know what you mean. For me it's like my fingers are pinching tightly together, sort of, but also a feeling that whatever it is represents an impossibly horrible denseness. I don't know how else to describe it. Does that sound familiar? 




 I've petted his hair. Just want to put that out there. It was very soft. What an awesome chap 




 A girl you say? Like video games you say? Allow me, a perfect stranger, to tell you why you don't really like them and are just pretending to for male attention. WHORE. Then I'ma hit you with a relentless stream of quizzing about video game trivia and make you feel incredibly uncomfortable and unwelcome should you get one wrong.

Why are there hardly any girls in my ~~unwelcoming boys' club~~ fandom?

P.S. will you go out with me? 




 Well yeah, I think most people would agree with you on that one. But is this post really about being concerned for children? Of course not, it's about pointing and laughing at the children with the funny names and their *obviously* stupid or obnoxious parents for choosing them.

Edit: 
 why intentionally make it harder on a child?

This whole thread and the many other shitty ones like it here on Reddit are certainly not making it any easier for one thing... 




 I don't know, I've certainly met my fair share of entitled twerps who have pretty common names... 




 Definitely a name says a lot about us and it's one of those difficult things that something so personal as our own name isn't chosen for us, but by our parents. I think I would consider myself fortunate to have the first names my parents gave me and I don't think I will ever be judged in the way you described based on my name.
I agree that parents do have a responsibility to name their children in a way that will give them a dignified start in life.

But for the love of all that is good I am so sick of this unoriginal and persistent circlejerk we all seem to have here about bashing children for having weird names all the time. Surely that just adds to stigma of unusual or ethnic names? I mean, for Christ's sake, literally making fun of children's names, how fucking witty and insightful. 




 Hey sure it's probably not the best way to set your child up in life to give them some incredibly off-the-wall name, I know I'm personally probably going to give my child/children quite relatively unadventurous names myself.

But:
 Hey I don't judge people by their name

So far so good.

 Cause that's how you get a hooker for a child

Oh.
And you are aware that hooker/stripper names aren't those peoples' actual names, right? 




 I'm white actually. I could get sunburned from the full moon. But I don't see why that should matter.

Edit: and for what it's worth I have a very traditional name, as does everyone in my white middle class family. 




 "Oh no someone named their kid something that isn't a traditional white Anglo-saxon name! This definitely affects me personally and is not ok!"

Edit: "Hey I'm just being concerned about that child's chances in life and them getting bullied and judged because of their name ^by ^^people ^^like ^^^me..." 




 "Oh, bother" 




 I get these feelings too buddy. But you must remember that the internet, and those who post things on it, are by definition a skewed and non-representative sample of the real world population. That is that those with the most time to post or who spend the most time online contribute more online material, possibly making it seem like those opinions are the most common. Those who are less internet addicted, who have busier lives away from the internet are likely to post less. Also those with stronger feelings about something are more likely to feel compelled to post a lot online about them. 

And if it makes you feel better, there is a lot of evidence to suggest that the opinions we express, particularly hateful ones (the study I am thinking of focused on racist attitudes), are not necessarily the ones we are likely to act on (EDIT: I.e. we say a whole lot of crap without really meaning it, particularly if it is angry or unkind). I'm sure there's been times when you've been upset and thought, maybe even said something hateful, only to realise as soon as you were back to normal that you really don't mean that at all. If you are stuck in a perpetually unhappy state of mind, feel scared by social changes happening around you, or rejected by others, then you're less likely to respond with empathy towards others. "Women seem wicked when you're not wanted" and all that.

So please don't feel unhappy. TRPers are just people who are working through some stuff. Like all of us, empathy only comes with unclouded and calm thinking. If you left Reddit, as I said above, the more bitter and hateful people would remain, and the impression that everyone out there is filled with hate would perpetuate all the more, see? 




 I also recommend /r/circlebroke for the same reason 




 So many of the comments in that thread are disgusting. We all just need more empathy, never mind all this blame-placing and suffering Olympics, start actually respecting and caring more about people, whether they are like yourself or not, the rest will follow. 




 Oh thank Christ for that 




 Bloody hell, that's just massively offensive to both men and women. It's basically saying if you're a guy and you get raped then lol don't worry about it because if you do you're being uptight... 




 http://www.guinealynx.info/fungus.html Could also be ringworm?

Edit: http://www.guinealynx.info/mites.html Guinea Lynx also has a bunch of stuff about mites too, obviously you're the only one who can judge which it's mostly likely to be and what to order, but I would strongly encourage you to try urge your parents to take them to the vet.

Best of luck :) 




 This is both adorable and so painfully relatable. I'm sure you've not ruined your chances though OP, just talk to her again some other time or whatevs. 




 I am going to meet you, jummywus_throwaway, I am going to meet you and then we will be buddies. Oh yes.

(N.B. not meant to sound threatening) 




 Thanks I'll take a look :-)
Edit: that seems like a nice community but isn't exactly the type of thing I'm looking for. Thanks though 




 Thanks but I actually have relatively clear skin. I do lurk a lot in skincare addiction though; good skincare routine is important, yo ;-) 




 But for the love of God *not* another fat acceptance sub, not that those aren't super, I'm sure. But as someone who isn't fat I feel rather alienated by them. 

I have had issues with my face for years, after a spot of bullying, but really have a hard time finding places online to talk about it or read about other people's experiences. It's starting to stop me going out to places so much these past few months, particularly when I'm stressed, and I just want to get things back on track and not worry so much about it. Hearing from like-minded people could be a real help but I've no idea where to start.

My boyfriend has suggested treating me to having a makeover or whatever from a professional but the idea of having another women near to and judging my face makes me teary and worried to just think about. I've made getting comfortable enough to make that happen my goal and would like to see how people in a similar situation got there :)

So I guess some similar sub where people work through and share advice about social phobias could also be helpful, though not exactly specifically relevant.

Ideas? 




 Yeah Book Depository is a good site. I also recommend a book price comparison site called 'Book Butler' which basically searches many online book shops (Amazon, Abe Books, Book Depository...) and finds you the cheapest price for any title. It's saved me a bit of money over the years :) 




 That's great news. Glad your piggie's all happy and healthy again :) 




 Ditto the people on /r/childfree and the guys on MGTOW forums.

Edit: thinking/talking about children and women, that is. 




 Only the prolapsed anus is tagged as porn though. Which makes you wonder... 




 Hamsters and rodents are the worst in these dreams for me. I am always frantically trying to find enough secure cages to keep them in, trying to separate them so they don't breed and trying to remember their names. It's such a distressing dream. I have these sorts of dreams about once a week, since I was perhaps about twelve years old. 




 Oh my gosh, you have no idea how reassuring it is to see that other people have these dreams too! For years I've had dreams where I stumble upon a room in my house filled with pets who died years ago IRL but apparently I've just forgotten about and are languishing and suffering horribly. Horrible, every time.
 




 Always a risky game when on a laptop touchpad and you nearly 'like' something from four years ago 




 Yep, this was how I knew I liked ASMR. I am a girl but I'm not hugely interested in makeup, I will sit through endless makeup tutorials though. The brushes, the colours, the soft speaking about something I couldn't care less about... Bliss. 




 The girl in the painting, man, that really haunted me as a child... 




 I...I'm going to go hug my boyfriend now... 




 Good morning Lemmiwinks :D I wanted to call our hamster that, but sadly the boyfriend opted for 'Sonia' instead 




 I think gOD doesn't even real. 




 Yeah I've been to a fair amount of comedy shows that weren't exactly funny and still pity-laughed. Sometimes you have to laugh, to relieve the tension and out of pity for the comedian... 




 /r/spacedicks ಠ_ಠ 




 Well this is freaking adorable. 




 It's only been in a few days but I've found it ok for cleaning purposes so far. I can wash the removable cushiony insert seperately, but I've also stuffed a fleece blanket in there too as another layer of bedding. We'll see how this works out in the long run. But as for poop removal it's perfectly easy, and for washing I can just stick the whole thing in with the rest of the fleece :) 




 Considering it cost me less than £6 I'm very happy with it. Now my boys have two decent covered beds to go to should they want some space (uneutered boars reaching that hormonal stage so :p not that they don't get on well). It's really soft on the inside and has a super fleecy insert that seems very comfy. Maybe it's a little big for piggies, being designed for cats, but it's a good shape  and provides decent cover, and if you have multiple pigs they could easily on pile in there together. If Tristram (pictured) ends up chewing it to pieces then I'm not too fussed given that it was relatively inexpensive, but I can see it lasting a good while, maybe requiring a regular wash with the rest of their fleece. 

TL:DR It's cheap and would totes recommend. 




 Thank you :) He really is an awesome piggie 




 Sadly not, good old fashioned Amazon http://www.amazon.co.uk/Lovely-Strawberry-Soft-Cashmere-Foldable/dp/B00CPW7UBS/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8qid=1408050000sr=8-1keywords=strawberry+bed+cat 









 That's just the thing I think. People can feel really uncomfortable having someone come up to them and divulging all these terrible feelings they've been having. Which is a shame, and we should all try to be more open and receptive to how others are feeling, and to be comfortable talking about emotions. If you're at your wits end and you've summoned up your last ounce of courage to open up to someone about how you feel, then you need them to care. 




 I think there's a weird sort of duality with mental health and other unseen illnesses. I know that (and maybe I'm just lucky here?) but were I to tell any of my fellow students or friends that I was suffering from anxiety or depression, they'd be perfectly sympathetic. But having said that, I find that answering the question "how are you?" with anything other than some variation of "fine" isn't normally so well-received. Not that I go around telling people I'm unhappy, and for the most part I'd consider myself a reasonably happy person these days, but you get the idea. 

TL:DR I think that people are generally very sympathetic to mental health problems as concepts (in my experience) but that people don't normally feel comfortable or able to respond to the immediate details of them or the emotions involved. Or something. 




 Right? What is wrong with everyone else's diets to make them need an hour? I remember as a tween, my friend and I were talking about some book or other and she mentioned incidentally that she read most of it on-and-off in the bathroom. Being sat down in the bathroom long enough to read even a page seems weird to me.

...This is all getting a bit into tmi-territory for my liking though... 




 Oh that little tongue blep! She looks like such a sweetie, go Tillie! 




 So glad he's on the mend, thanks for keeping us updated :) 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5I9izys2ek Childhood nightmare fuel. 




 TIL, I have not ever slept with anyone. Huh. 




 I own YOLO socks, because they were neon, in Primark, and marked down to £1, and came with three(?) other pairs of socks (saying things like "swag", and "totes"). Apart from when I wear those socks in a perfectly ironic manner, I have never seen any other "swag" or "yolo" stuff irl. Maybe I just don't go outside enough. 




 Oh God yes I am so making sure to get a picture like this if I ever give birth.

Actually props to her for just being able to stand about and shit so soon after giving birth. 




 :D 




 Rushmore, by Wes Anderson 




 So adorbs. I love them :3 




 Aw crap I just realised I unwittingly named my guinea after the most hated character in (the American version of) The Office... 




 So true, so true... 




 Shut up, Toby, you don't know my life... 
























 Would you. Would you really. That's very interesting to hear. Thanks for telling us all. 




 I don't know why you're surprised, half the responses here on Reddit to any attractive looking girl always take the form of "hurr I have a penis and it likes this person-object". Teenagers, man... 




 Agreed. This is one of the few times I've felt personally insulted by trp. If my boyfriend is unhappy it makes me feel unhappy. If he ever cries it breaks my heart and I will do anything to make him feel happy again. I've always been sensitive to other's suffering, people, animals, whatever. Heck, I can even feel bad for terpers at times and the obvious pain and bitterness a lot of them clearly feel. Even so, how can you even begin to prove to terpers that you're offering love or comfort borne out of genuine concern? 

No matter your actions, when you've emotionally isolated yourself with such a bitter world view, everyone seems to have an ulterior motive... :-( 




 My pig Toby is crazy greedy and absolutely wolfs down his food. His coughs when he gets a bit stuck in his throat are like a loud cracking sound, is the best way I can describe it. I wouldn't worry too much if I were you :) 




 Oh my God... 




 So sorry for your loss :(

Nine years is an amazing lifespan though, you must have taken good care of her :) 




 Yes 3 




 I don't think /u/sonic_tower was questioning whether or not Jason Mitchell is a Harvard psychologist, just stating that his opinions don't necessarily represent those of everyone else at Harvard 









 Sometimes I feel like maybe I miss some of the context of trp from not being American. Is women asking for things from complete strangers as common an occurrence as trp and HIMYM would have me believe? 




 Sorry, I'll conduct my large scale scientific study on the subject presently... 




 I've said this in a another thread but essentially I have never had these sorts of encounters whilst out with a male friend or my boyfriend, only when I've either been alone or with a female friend. 

Surely that says something about the intent behind them? 




 I just want to add that I've never had these types of encounters when I've been out with a male friend or my boyfriend, only when I'm out with another female friend or on my own.

Surely that says something about the intent behind them, right? 




 But...but...firing someone because of their weight. Isn't that like... ~~a pretty fucking terrible thing to do?~~ really awesome yeah praise Sagan, STEM is love, STEM is life. DAE fat ppl =/= real people, amirite? /s 




 Definitely. The feeling of doing a thing not so much for doing the thing but so that I can have done it (if you get me) is ruining my experience of a lot of things. One of my least favourite habits :( 




 Yes! I have and it bothers me so much :p I find these days it takes a really captivating read to help me lose awareness of my progress and stop thinking this way. I'm like this with a lot of other activities and currently trying my best to stop it and just be in the moment. 

I'm interested to see what other people have to say about this too. 




  Why does it even fucking matter who has it worse?

Precisely. Yes. Thank you. 




 First of all, Sonia was such a sweet, sassy little hamster and we will miss her greatly. My boyfriend and I had had her for about 1 and a half years, during which time we totally spoiled her, and she never seemed to have any other health issues or suffered any mishaps (apart from the one time she escaped and got stuck in the crawl space above our bathroom :p).

We're unsure as to what might have been wrong with her though, and due to awkward timing we were just too late in being able to get her to the vets and get their assessment. I thought maybe if I described the timeline of her symptoms then hopefully you guys could share some hamster wisdom as to what illness she might have had?


* Friday evening: She seemed her usual self and we had her running about in the living room with us. No apparent problems whatsoever.
* Saturday noon/early afternoon: we heard this sort of cheep-ing / whimpering sound, it's hard to describe and at first we thought it was maybe geese flying over head or perhaps birds outside or possibly our guinea pigs in the other room. Turns out it was the hamster, sounding very sorry for herself in her little nest. When I took her out to look at she seemed a little lethargic but that's how she'd normally be if disturbed during the day. Otherwise she seemed ok and the whimpering only lasted for a few minutes so we just decided to keep an eye on her.
* Saturday evening: woke up and started whimpering again, when I looked closely at her I noticed she had this new, red bald patch on her head. It must have developed quickly over just a few hours since the afternoon and I know I didn't somehow overlook it from earlier because I recorded some footage of her earlier in the day to show her 'whimpering'. She seemed kinda weak but otherwise not too awful. At this point the vet was closed and would be closed until Monday morning, so we had no choice but to hold on.
* Sunday: she pretty much just sat in her nest, occaisionally coming out to go pee or to try to eat. She didn't seem to eat or drink that day though I did give her fresh cucumber slices throughout the day, so she could have some liquid in easier reach. She nibbled on these a little. Bald patch no longer angry and red looking. Breathing pretty laboured by the evening.
* This morning I came through to her cage early and she was dead.


Does this sound like any kind of illness you guys have dealt with? I thought maybe cushings or ringworm (I'm super paranoid about ringworm for some reason) but she wasn't exactly all that old for a Syrian, and her cage is well ventilated and cleaned out very often so I don't know. 

I'm also a little concerned as I also have two indoor guinea pigs. Since we noticed something was up we've been handwashing/sanitising and avoiding unecessary handling where possible, I hope it's nothing communicable...

Anyways, thanks in advance for any input, I've had so many rodents in my time but none has gone so relatively young from anything like this. It's very frustrating to not know why your pet has suffered and died so quickly and I'd love to know how to prevent this happening to future pets.

Oh, and I'll try to upload a couple pics of her head patch.

(P.S. sorry for such a long post :p) 




 What a lovely hammie. So sorry for your loss, we lost our girl this morning too :( 




 This is something that I have always wondered too. It's clear that people with the red pill mentality see relationships as combative and fraught with all manner of horrible pit falls and power struggles, and these are the types of relationships they create for themselves. But why? Why even spend so much time and effort trying to associate with people you have demonised and decide you absolutely hate? Why even bother with relationships at all if you're coming from a position of "this is going to be grueling as fuck but if I don't have X number of successes getting into a woman's pants then some strangers on the internet are going to deem me 'not alpha'". I just don't see what enjoyment is to be gained from it.

You'd think they'd just go for a MGTOW approach to life of just avoiding women all together and just getting on with enjoying their own lives (not that MGTOW is about that, it's about spending hours of your life talking about women online but you get my point). 

It is a shame that as a society, we see men's virginity as a burden to be cast off at the earliest convenience, and measure a man's worth by the number of women he's bedded. From that perspective I can see why maybe some men might feel pressured to do whatever it takes to get laid and appear numerically alpha, even if it means growing bitter and learning to believe some pretty warped things along the way. Thankfully times are changing and no reasonable person would think "hey, some crappy American sitcom implied this so this is what society is like" but what's equally baffling though is that red pill reinforces these pressures on men. You know what, I don't really have any sort of answer over here, I'm just as saddened and dismayed as you are.

Also, welcome to Blue Pill :) 




 Your piggie is adorable. Like, ridiculous levels of adorable. THOSE CHEEKS I JUST CAN'T 




 Ok, I am female. I don't talk about it much but I have in the past been in an abusive relationship. I could not give less of a shit about who suffers the most out of men or women from domestic violence, I just want it to stop and for people to feel like they can get the help they need or the knowledge to recognise if they are with an abusive partner.

Those types of posts piss me off so much because it's obvious that these people want so badly to be able to say "AHA! See?! We men do actually have it worse, so shut up, every woman ever who's complaining about domestic violence!".
It's not about saying "aww shit, domestic violence has been misrepresented as a women's-only issue, maybe let's do some constructive shit about highlighting the needs of victims in general or something constructive-" NOPE. It's about them being able to say "YEAH women are just evil evil evil and want the world to believe that they are victims! Fuck them, amirite?".

GAH. It helps no one! Why can't people just genuinely care about other people without having some hateful us vs. them agenda and dear God I need to go lie down or something... /rant.

Edit: this isn't to say that I can't see why this sort of mentality exists. Imagine you are a dude who maybe feels a bit insecure and unsure about certain social issues and other aspects of life. It must be scary to have someone cheerily come a long and say "hey guys, guess what? Turns out that if you are a victim of domestic violence you're gonna have a horrible time trying to use lawful means to protect yourself!" I'd be concerned to hear that. Demonising and misrepresenting one gender is not going to empower the other one, however. 




 Yeah, for sure. Without going too off-topic and starting a whole conversation about GG (because let's face it, who isn't fed up with it by now and this ain't the place), it's really encouraging to see how people from either side are now trying to open up meaningful dialogue and de-escalate the whole horrible business. Who knows how this will all end up, but I hope it's not too naive of me to think that maybe some good may come of it. 

I'm not even sure if a sense of moral superiority is necessary to incite this type of behaviour, though it's certainly fuel for the fire in terms of keeping negative actions towards others so frenetic and sustained. I think so long as a person feels in some way threatened they will find it hard to think calmly or with empathy.

Feelings, man, why can't we all just be cool to each other, etc. etc. :-\ 




 I dunno, look at things like GamerGate. We still have people who would otherwise consider themselves good, tolerant people yelling hate at other people all over the place. Intolerance isn't going to go away any time soon, unfortunately. The underlying reasons people use to 'justify' hating others may change, but until we figure out how to just have actual empathy for others, nothing much will change. :(

Edit: a word 




 Could be caecotrophs? Guinea pigs, like many other fibrevores produce two kinds of poop, the regular pellets you see all over the place, and a special kind which they eat immediately as they excrete it, so it's rare that you get a chance to see them. I have no idea what they look like but from descriptions they are softer and smellier than regular poops. I'd recommend doing a bit of Googling, I wish I could point you in the direction of something more helpful...

Edit: http://beefycow.com/what-does-normal-guinea-pig-poop-look-like/ Either way, it seems that if you do find them about the cage (instead of them being eaten immediately) then there might be something wrong 




 Adorable. I feel bad for not dressing my own pigs up for Halloween :p 

Good Omens reference? 




 Also the whole thing about sending unsolicited pictures of your genitals to strangers being harassment and that 




 Too late, I did :-\ bloody hell. 




 Good luck OP, and let us know how things turn out. 




 I'll just say it, I love /r/GetMotivated , cheesy quotes and all. Because sometimes you need to just suspend cynicism and take on a bit of good old fashioned quotes-on-picturesque-background inspiration. My God the comments though.

In a way it reminds me of that 'change my view' sub. Basically, someone posts some reason for why you should work hard and do something cool or worthwhile and the comments section does their best to find reasons not to. It especially bothers me because sometimes people post about other people's achievements and commenters just do their best to denigrate and tear apart whatever it is they've done. For example,  I remember this one article about this kid in the 60(?) who sailed pretty much around the world in a one-man boat by the time he was 20 or something. Instead of just being like "aw that's cool, what a lot of work and stuff he did to just do what he enjoyed, how brave to take the plunge and do that entirely alone", all the comments were about how ridiculous or pointless an 'achievement' it was.  

Criticisms mainly took the form of:

- He had a rich family so buying a boat and taking a couple years out, child's play, that's why I could never do it, also that's why it was somehow not an inspiring thing to do

- Sailing around the world? That's not even that much of an achievement, you're just sitting in a boat

- Sailing around the world? That's a crazy hard thing to do, and it doesn't even achieve anything so basically we're supposed to admire this guy who nearly got himself killed for no reason

Gah. 




 "It's not misandry when I say terrible judgmental things about other men because reasons" 




 Oh I get you, cheers. Yeah I've seen that on things like poptarts and other things imported from the US.  




 I'm a Brit and I'm not sure I understand what that means, you mean like on the packaging or...? 




 That's another thing that bothers me about the self-learning jerk; going to university isn't just about the material taught in lectures. For one thing, assuming you go to a decent university, you simply cannot get access to anywhere near as much of the material as just a regular person with an internet connection as you can when you're affiliated with an academic institution. 
But mostly these guys seem to forget, you know, the hours and hours of actual academic work you have to do. Academia isn't just about learning a bunch of facts, it's about training yourself to be a good academic, whether that means learning to craft together a good essay or research report or whatever it is you have to do. Gah. 




 Same, only I was put off because I'm not normally that into 'war stories', definitely one of my all time favourite books though. 




 Seconded! I used to love 'high fantasy' type stories as a little girl, but I guess I lost interest in the genre as I grew up. I used to think I wasn't that into Discworld, as I'd originally tried reading the first couple on the series and wasn't particularly impressed, unaware that these are generally considered to be not at all representative of the others in terms of quality.

I'm so glad I gave some of the later books a chance, and would definitely say to others not to be put off by the earlier titles. 




 God can you even imagine? Like what would you even do if you found a whole sub or forum or whatever of complete strangers just obsessed with you... 




 I'm really sorry, and maybe you're just trolling, but it truly seems like you don't actually understand what it is that most current research psychologists do. Psychology is a bloody huge umbrella for many fields of study. The types of examples you are giving suggest that you are only familiar with the types of things we hear reported about in mainstream science reporting outlets. These tend to focus on social psych, consumer behaviour, those sorts of things which are 'catchy' and easily accessible to those not acquainted with a specific issue. I mean, we can all understand something talking about, say, factors that might make someone act less morally, right? Yet how many people are au fait with problems faced by those studying working memory? My guess is not many people, and that's 'fine' to a point, they don't make for sexy popular science writing. I can see how having this limited and somewhat skewed view of what psychology is can make it seems frivolous, and even ridiculous. How can someone predict the behaviour of a whole group of people, or even one person, or even that same person on a different day? Don't you think it's insulting to assume that no psychologist in the whole time they have spent working has ever thought "damn, humans and their behaviour are complex, best actually acknowledge that in some way"? What the heck do you think they actually do all day?

But like I say, this lopsided reporting presents a distorted view about what else 'psychology' encompasses. Pop sci writing aimed at a general audience rarely ever discusses the pithier, fiddlier details, or subjects like cognition, perception, memory, or what have you, because these are to many people, boring and not easily accessible to someone not intimately involved with them. It's like how we're always being treated to amazing photos of galaxies and crazy-looking bacteria, we can appreciate these no matter what our personal background. Doesn't mean that I, as someone without a degree in physics or microbiology, would ever assume that that's all these branches of science produce, or that it's all photographing stunning nebulae and gamboling about looking at weird-ass frogs.

You know? 




 I think psychology has made some huge strides over the past century, from its infancy as a science to where it is now, and still has much further to go. It used to get me down how little the general population seems to actually 'get' about what psychologists actually do in their research, yet how much they seem to think they know because they can name a handful of social psych studies from the 60s.

Variables can be isolated, but as any psych undergrad will tell you so much of the effort of designing a good study is in simply trying to make sure that you actually are measuring the effect you think you are. It's a challenge and an art form in itself, and I honestly don't think psychologists as researchers get as much credit as they are due in this regard. Don't you worry about it though, read around some of the main psych journals and familiarise yourself with some of the methodologies and statistical approaches to analysing behavioural data. You'll see that psychologists aren't just running around blindly claiming effects from weak methodologies as the prevailing circlejerk implies.

Edit: well, I mean, some are. Some people do weak, lame-sauce science, and those guys suck. But hey, every field has them. 




 Props. Many areas of science, particularly Psychology and Medical research, currently face a big problem with replication. Admitting a failure to replicate in your own work is a neato thing to do, yet sadly probably harder than it should be.

Edit: harder in terms of fearing how it will be received within the research community 




 Thanks, maybe I'll give that a go today :) 




 So quite a few years ago my Mum went to visit family members who were staying in Hong Kong and brought back all kinds of wonderful things, amongst them, a couple of sets of Baoding balls. For those who aren't familiar, they are these things https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baoding_balls 

Ours are pretty much your standard touristy ones, nothing fancy really, they make a pleasant chiming sound when moved.

My question is are there any ways I can incorporate them into meditation? I couldn't remember the name of them, 'Baoding balls', and initially remembered them as just 'Meditation balls' before I checked on Google this evening. However, mostly I just see information about how they are used for physiotherapy and improving dexterity or strength in the hands and wrists. Some sites do refer to them as 'Meditation balls' and allude to the fact that they are sometimes used in meditation, but rarely elaborate beyond that.


Has anyone any experiences of using these in their practice? I'd like to give it a go meditating with them but am still fairly new and unsure as to what sorts of things to do exactly. Should I just use them and focus on the sensation/sound of doing so?

Any help/suggestions appreciated :) Thanks 




 You sound like such a wonderful son/daughter, I hope the two of you continue to grow in love and awareness :-) 




 Seconded, one of the upshots of this app is that implicitly encourages you to stay focused and keep practicing simply by passively keeping a running streak of how many days you have consecutively meditated. I know that doesn't sound like a big deal, and probably is a bit more of a 'goal-driven' way of approaching meditation, where perhaps the emphasis should be on the process itself, but I've found it motivating and helpful for staying disciplined, I don't want to break my streak :p

I also believe it allows you to set alerts for reminding you to meditate each day. 




 Agree with what you say about the length of time; it would be nicer to have a few more longer sessions. Still, I think this works well initially for beginners who might be intimidated by trying longer periods of time (I'm still very much a newbie and apprehensive about how I'll cope with longer sitting sessions, for now these lengths of time suit my needs and ability).

I also just wanted to add that the single one-off sessions are quite fun too. As you said there are SOS meditations (about 3 minutes in length) as well as 'on-the-go' sessions intended to incorporate mindufulness exercises into everyday life (e.g. cooking, walking, running, commuting...). I've enjoyed them and found one or two rather helpful :)
 




 http://i.imgur.com/jSTg31U.jpg 




 I mean it doesn't really take that long to take a photograph, who knows, maybe this was taken after the visit to ER, or whilst waiting for transport there or whatever. Maybe a bit much to judge that her parents are terrible people because they took a photo of her injury... 




 As a newbie I sometimes have similar experiences and have so far been really resistant to them, making me completely tense up and lose my concentration. I have found that on the one or two occasions that I let myself 'go with it' I start to lose my sense of bodily scale, as sometimes happens when I am tired or ill. I dislike this feeling (though I have talked to others who find it pleasant) and usually try my best to 'snap out of it' as soon as possible, and as you say happened for you, this effectively means that I give up and stop meditating. 
 
Most advice I see here often follows the lines of 'just let it happen' and to not resist, and I know that this is probably sound advice, but the idea of letting it all go frightens me. 

Your post reassures me that I will eventually come back to 'normal' if I just go with it, I will try be less resistant in future, as I have been definitely holding myself back because of this. :) 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jg7ktpew2Tc PBS Ideas Channel did a video talking about WTNV and at one point Mike discusses the ideas behind how little explicit info we are given about, for instance, the character's appearance, and also how the fanbase has embraced certain depictions of Cecil. 

I must say it confused me too how there seemed to be a prevailing 'canon' or standard fan depiction of him yet we hadn't been given any explicit description of how he looked. I assumed, as you did, that I just hadn't gotten up to that part in the episodes. 




 I'd imagine so, losing a beak is pretty traumatic and I'm guessing the shock or blood loss would (hopefully?) do it before anything else. :( 




 I had to Google that :p Mine's named after Uncle Toby from 'The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman'. His cage mate is called Tristram :3 




 I have a piggie named Toby as well! :D didn't realise it was such a popular name 




 I mean I know it's popular here but when I read it it was following the recommendation of a friend. And hey I really enjoyed it. Fucking sue me. 




 Yeah you don't deserve those downvotes, I have no idea what is meant by "more to do with psychiatry than psychology" either. It's like saying that someone's cancer is "more to do with medicine than with biology".
 




 House of Leaves scared me more than it probably scares other people, as I wouldn't really consider it to be a 'spooky' book exactly.

I think it was that the time I read it was when I was reading a lot of creepy pasta and other 2spoopy4me type junk on the internet, so being in that mindset I found the narrative framework particularly effective (the story is told through several layers, very much muddled together, so the legitimacy of the different layers of the story is always kind of uncertain or covered in mystery. You know, very much like an urban legend passed on across the internet between many different storytellers before reaching you). All the endless footnotes and asides, sections where the text was written backward, all that sort of thing, for some reason it all just got to me.

As to the actual content of the story/ies, I felt that it contained a lot of themes that personally struck a chord with me. Without giving too much away, the infinitely huge empty house is something which comes up a lot in many of my dreams, and always has. Really I just think Danielewski captured a terrible sense of loneliness and impossible scale, a long with the unravelling of the protagonist, that made me feel hopelessly tiny and vulnerable. 

I really loved this book, I think I gush about it way too often but like I say, it just got to me somehow and felt so personal, perhaps it unsettled me more than it scared me. Nonetheless, 10/10 would be unsettled again.
 




 What a gorgeous piggie. I think Abyssinians might be my favourite breed (not that I don't have immense love for my two non-Abyssinian piggies :p) 




 I like how so many of the comments here are people either feeling threatened and inadequate or denigrating his achievements because he's rich. DON'T EVER CHANGE, REDDIT 3 /s 




 Well I mean they are utter dreck but sheesh folks let's be civil :p 




 Unpleasantly true, I've seen people heavily criticised in /r/dune for saying they are reading (never mind enjoying) the Brian Herbert/ Kevin Anderson sequels, for example

Edit: a letter 




 I find that subs for specific fandoms or topics (like a particular tv show, book series etc.) are generally a lot less negative, though all have their own circlejerks ofc... 




 I'm not the person you were replying to but yeah, this is precisely why I'm glad I read them when I did.
I think I was about eight when I read the first one, I'm 24 now, and I just went a long with the rest of them pretty much as they were released. I sometimes feel so glad to have had the chance to grow up with them, especially as the story was still unfolding book by book. Having said that I'd still recommend the series to people of any age. 




 I don't understand the internet backlash at all. She was quite explicitly standing up for the rights of men and boys everywhere, as well as women and girls. It was a unifying message of love, inclusion, and empowerment, what the frack is wrong with people? :( 




 Read constantly, and read as widely as you can. If it's not already then make it your hobby, and be sure you're doing it for the enjoyment of reading than for simply having read a lot.

Don't neglect to read fiction either! It's great for your mental health, and your personal, emotional, and interpersonal development, plus it's so gosh darn enjoyable.

If there are specific skills you know you want to learn, then there are all sorts of helpful sites cropping up all over the web that aim to give you crash courses in things, try these to start with off the top of my head:

* https://www.khanacademy.org/

* http://www.codecademy.com/

* https://www.duolingo.com/

But seriously, there are way more sites, and probably better ones than the few I know, out there. These ones will do you for getting started with some languages, a bit of coding (though I have no personal experience with that particular site or coding so no idea how 'good' it is for you), and a whole bunch of stuff at Khan academy. It should be enough to get started with.

Not sure which books to read or films to watch? Try searching for the 1001 Films/Books you should read/watch before you die type lists. If it helps, save the lists and tick them off as you read through, get a random number generator up ( http://random.org ) set it to pick a number out of 1001 (or whatever list you're using) and start from there. /r/books  has a top 200 books list too that has some great titles, both fiction and non-fiction. In fact you should be able to find all kinds of lists out there for what to read next, the important thing is to just keep reading, make a habit of it and make it part of your day.

Hope this post didn't read to crazily, I have to be off out somewhere soon so I may have been a bit hasty in my typing :p 




 I want to add that whilst there, if you do decide to go (and be aware that learning needn't require you to go to college, but it is a great place not just to learn, but to have to work hard at learning and honing academic skills) then throw yourself into as much as you can. Whether that be joining student societies or attending guest seminars. I've just come out of my first year as a postgrad and am already feeling a little lost being away from all that campus life has to offer, you'll never have so many opportunities for so many different experiences [Edit: so conveniently] at your fingertips as you do when in university.
And I'd say that having as many cool or whatever kinds of experiences as you can must be a great way for building up life knowledge. 




 Muh bad 




 Surprised no one has said it so far but the Lemonhope episodes really got to me, especially PB's song at the end. I don't know, I think there's just so much going on in those episodes, and as usual they're packed full of morality and stuff. Then at the end, when everything is somehow deserted and destroyed and all that is left is Lemonhope.  I didn't ask for these feels...

Plus Holly Jolly Secrets too I guess, first time we're encouraged to feel anything close to pity for Ice King/Simon... 
























