 I, for some reason, lack the ability to walk like a normal human being without randomly losing balance or running into something. I have only gotten moderately injured twice because of this. first time, I was walking around my apartment and I guess I miscalculated a turn, ran into a wall, and broke three toes. the second time was when I was doing a graded mile run in my phys. ed. class and my friends and I decided to start skipping the last 1/4 of the mile. I completely tore my calf muscle and had to get surgery to fix it. all the other times are just me running into things or tripping over air, which only ends up in embarrassment and possibly a few scrapes 




 "I find it kinda funny, I find it kinda sad, that the dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had" 

song: Mad World by Gary Jules 




 I self harmed for about 6 years before i finally got help. I have struggled with depression and anxiety for a while and cutting was my release. it hurt a little but that pain distracted me from the pain i was going through psychologically. so in a way, it was my version of a painkiller. however people self harm for different reasons such as a distraction, a form of punishment, or sometimes even because the sight of blood is calming to them. 




 I'd love to know what goes through my cats mind whenever she hops into an empty box. she makes it seem like it's a portal to another world.  
























 a Disturbed tee and a beanie with bunny ears 




 spork

thanks school cafeteria.  




 couldn't have put it any better myself 




 Disturbed - Asylum

Breaking Benjamin - Phobia

Disturbed - Indestructable

Slipknot - The grey chapter

The Amity Affliction - Let the ocean take me 
























 considering that I've been called a satanist many times before because of these particular things, I would have to say hair/makeup/clothing and many of my drawings.  




 I have had a Galaxy S3 for a while now and I really love it. It has a great battery life, its pretty durable even with a cheap case, its a little more complex than Apple, and it has a lot of customizable features. Meanwhile, all of my friends have iPhones and all of them are the same. Battery doesnt last any longer than about noon, expensive case yet still manage to shatter the screen, constantly complaining about their phones, but still every day I hear "why dont you just get and iPhone? they are way better than Android". I am not saying that all iPhone users are like this (my friends are just stereotypical teenage white girls) and I am not saying that iPhones are horrible. I'm just saying that I prefer Android.  




 oh, okay. and yeah its really interesting to see other people's thoughts on stuff like this because when I've asked people about this, I have gotten responses anywhere from "ghosts are 100% real and you cant tell me otherwise" to "you need to get mental help"  




 I personally believe in ghosts but thats because i have been around spirits my entire life and have done a little bit of paranormal investigation in my free time. I will admit though that there really is no scientific evidence to prove that they exist even with all the EVPs and unexplained photos and videos. So you can take it either way. There may be a logical explanation to this but whether or not you find one is up to you. I hope this makes sense even though it probably doesnt help your situation much.  
























 I found out that he was just using me to make my best friend jealous. she had rejected him just before he asked me out but didnt tell me about it until I had been with him for almost 6 months. when I asked him about it he just started going into an all caps rage and brought up a lot of painful memories from my past, calling me a worthless whore and telling me that I deserved everything that happened to me as a kid.  




 My best friend finally got to visit for the first time since she moved out of state. she is spending the week with me before heading off to see her family. she is practically my sister and its been hard since she moved away, so im really thankful for the time we have together.  




 my cat seems to have a taste in music. she purrs and acts all sweet when I play foo fighters, soundgarden, and nirvana, but she becomes all aggressive when my sister starts playing taylor swift or katy perry. does this happen to anyone else?  




 I have a lot of people I need to prove wrong. 
























 have full blown conversations with my cat. 




 the drama. with my guy friends we can just forget about life and do something fun. but with my girl friends its always "remember that bitch that did that thing 3 months ago? guess what happened this time".  




 I met her in 4th grade and she attacked me the first time she saw me. I was the first person who actually put up a fight and lasted a little while before we both fell on the floor and laughed. we soon found out that we are equally crazy and random and have almost identical interests. we are practically sisters now and we still have a strong relationship despite the fact that she moved out of state last summer.  




 my worst nightmare happened 3 years ago and I will never forget it. in my nightmare I had committed suicide. my body was dead but my spirit still lingered in the house. I remember watching as my body was taken from the bedroom and brought down to the morgue. I watched my funeral and I stayed as they buried me. But things started to change at home. I was no longer there for my mom to beat on so she turned toward my 7 year old sister. every day became endless torture watching her get hit and slapped and yelled at, knowing that I was powerless to save her. all i could do was hold her close and tell her that everything was going to be okay, even though I knew she couldnt hear or see me. I woke up crying and went over to hug my sister. I promised her that I would always be there for her no matter what.  
























 the fact that I come up with things in my head that seem amazing but I can never put those thoughts into words. or when i try and put them into words it makes me sound like I need to be commited to a mental institute.  




 I took full contact martial arts for a few years in junior high, so of course there were the tournaments that I had. but aside from that, I have only gotten into one fight and it was during my freshman year of high school. Well, I became friends with the guy who sat next to me in science class (lets call him J) and his girlfriend (lets call her biotch) wasnt too pleased with that. Now, I usually don't tell people about my birthday, but J somehow found out about it and decided to get me a little gift. I really appreciated just the fact that he cared enough to even wish me a happy birthday and gave him a hug. that was i guess the last straw for biotch because the very next day I was greeted with an uppercut to the jaw. after a few more punches and the realization that she wasnt going to just give up soon, I ended it. I left that fight with a busted lip and a huge bruise on my side. she left that fight with a dislocated shoulder and a bloody nose. we both ended up having a detention and sessions with the school counselor. gotta love teenagers, right? 

TL;DR: typical teenage "stay away from my man" cat fight only I had taken full contact martial arts for three years prior to this and she was just blindly throwing punches.  




 no one because I probably would have been burned at the stake a long time ago 




 Anchorage, AK  
























 5 year old me decided that Deogi was a great name for my German Shephard/rottweiler mix. 














 really? because cat fights like these happen at least once a week. as for the martial arts part tho, there arent many of us where I live so most of these fights are just hair pulling and scratching.  
























