 lol I do that on a regular basis. ;) 




 how do you figure? From the start, I have done everything by the book. I have two choices -either carry on fighting to see her, or walk away. If I walk away, she will think I have abandoned her. If I keep fighting to stay in her life, even if just weekends then she will know I'm there and that I care.  I can only hope that sooner rather than later- it gets sorted and she can have a regular routine so that she knows when she's going to get to see Mummy. 




 I'm certainly not lazy. I used to be doing over time every week when no one else would.  




 not seeing my daughter and quite a big issue to me. 




 thankyou. 




 depression is a thought process that occurs in your mind.
You get into viscious thought circles, kind of windin yourself up about something. Trying to solve it in your mind when, if you think about it, that's impossible. You do it until you are so upset/angry you can't think straight anymore.
This is according to a friend of mine 




 Well I'm planning on going back to college next year. Maybe train in something that doesn't involve other people's children. 
It's weird because usually bitchy comments don't usually get to me but I guess it's a sore subject. 

My doc signed me off because when I went into work-I would see the children and cry because I miss my own so much. I am hoping to return to work soon but am concerned my collegues are going to penalise me. I guess that's where the 'don't give a fuck' attitude comes in. 
 




 Thanks-I will do. 




 But why are they jealous of another's downfalls? One of the girl's asked me what doctor I go to, her tan is fading and it's depressing her, she needs a month off. 

I know she was being sarcastic but I wouldn't wish the feelings I have on my worst enemy. 

Thankyou for your comment.x 




 I have depression because I don't have my daughter. I was a young mum and didn't know how the court system worked. Hense losing her in the first place. I've had weekend custody since-then he got married and decided he didn't want me in the way. He phoned up social services and accused me of punching/hitting/shouting at my daughter. I have NEVER hit her. So he denyed me access because I'm apparently violent. I've 'apparently' hit him a few times too. Bare in mind he's a big guy and used to push me around when we were together-although I never had proof of this. 
When I go to court- a penal notice will be put on the court order, so that if he denys me access again-he could go to prison-or lose full custody.

I'm depressed because this has gone on far too long. I don't like watching my daughter be torn between her parents. She is confused and I feel responsible. I just want to be a Mum to my little girl. that's all.  




 I've been fighting a five year custody battle over my daughter. Her Dad has been denying me access most of this year. I'm back to court soon to sort that out. However due to the hell I've been through, my doctor has signed me off work. I have anti-depressants and counselling. I work full time in a children's nursery. so being there means I spend more time looking after other people's kids than my own. 
My collegues however, are not exactly being friendly. {all female} they say I'm skiving off and although they do know the reason why I'm off,they have become vicious. They also say I shouldn't be out n about if I'm ill. which means I guess I can't go to the supermarket and do my shopping because I have depression.

One of them even said that she wants depression so she can have a month of work and get half pay for it!!!  

This is obviously not helping in my recovery and now I'm scared to go back because of bullying. 
Am I just being silly or should I take this seriously?  




 Apparently I sound like a Fox new reporter. However-everything I've said happens to be true.  




 lol they are awesome! 




 Agreed. However their new drummer from Dream Theatre is also well known and has brought some new talent to the band. So hopefully they'll carry on the good work.  




 Stunning. 




 I wouldn't let my kid play with it! It reminds me of an old xfiles episode where the doll belonged to a little girl and made people do stuff like slit their own throat with vinyls etc. Weird.  




 Tank paintballing is even better.  You get to battle another tank too. Here's a link:

www.armourgeddon.co.uk 




 accidental prescription drug + alcohol overdose.  




 He's awesome! 




 http://www.atheistnation.net/video/?video/00420/atheist/20-20-atheist-discrimination/

quote from the above video
'this is a christian country and if you don't like it you can get out' 
 




 Do your research. American politics is retarded. Fox news is one sided. I base my judgements on the facts, not on what I want to be true.  




 Aa box filled with a love letter, photo, choc, book on the karma sutra, heart cookie, funny shaped soap, mixed cd and lots of little trinkets in it that mean things to us.  It was a shoe box that was decorated with stickers n glitter etc etc. 

It was really special because my S.O had taken the time to decorate the box and put special things in it. Better than jewelry any day. 




 I actually did have 10 cats earlier this year. I have three cats. Two of them decided to get jiggy and made 7 little kitties. They all went to good homes. I kept the runt of the litter though, I called her meas-ion. Her Dad is called Schrodinger. 




 hense photoshopped 




 This is obviously, mainly down to the boy's upbringing. His Dad shoots 'anything that moves'.  They let him roam about alone. I wouldn't allow my son out of my sight if I thought he would do something like that. And I would be asking for all the help the world can offer.  




 :) 




 Did you understand it?  




 I'm English and would NEVER move to America. For a start I'm an Atheist so I'd be disscriminated against. There's crap about the Bible EVERYWHERE.  Sarah Palin-She was nearly Vice President for christ sakes!!!! Fox news-the most corrupt thing I have ever seen. And what's with electic Bush TWICE??? Better the devil you know huh? Oh and over half the population are obese. I don't like guns either.  




 Vanila Sky, Identity, Donnie Darko, S. Darko{sequel about his sister} fight club, dreamcatcher. 

If you think Donnie Darko was fucked up then you should se S. Darko!
 




 http://furrybones.com/images/tiger-lion-tigon-liger.jpg  

Liger 




 It's those tiny poo particles that make your farts smell. So next time someone farts near you-remember, that you're breathing in their poo! haha! 




 Watch the video! 




 give up! 




 and pussies!!! 




 What happens when I'm dead, doesn't bother me. What bothers me is how I die. Pain free please! 




 The bigger he is, the harder he falls. 




 That's awesome! 




 lol which one? the cockerel? or the cockatiel??? 




 It looks so lonely. poor li' thing :( 




 defo a cat.  




 okay thanks. . it's says it for any file that i download, which is what I found strange about it. But I'll just drag n drop from now on. 




 I don't think it's a problem with vuze. I think it's an itunes thing . .but I'm not sure. I'm on a windows 7. 




 Use a lighter duvet and open the window. She'll then be cold and want hugs. Works for my fella n I. 




 I wonder if he had a shower today . . . 




 I would eat cloned me too . .in a sexual way! ;) 




 Meh-butcher it up and freeze it. 




 Arrrrrrrrrghhhhh! 




 And mine! 




 Meh .. . I just just tell my fella he owes me one later and wink at him! Then later on . . .maybe the morning I'll move in for the kill! Mwahahaha! 




 Aaaaaaah, schadenfreude!
...or was that not the intended evoked response?

Wow, I am lucky aren't I? yay me! I feel so blessed to not be suffering like millions of others are!

We live in a terrifyingly shitty world! Shit!" 




 Fair enough and thankyou for your response.

I have to say, that whenever my situation with my daughter is brought up-people judge regardless of how much information I give them. It seems that a Father having access issues to his children is nothing new. Which I feel is disgusting and don't agree with. I would never stop my daughter seeing her Father unless I felt she was in serious danger in his care. Unfortunately her Father isn't on the same wave length. 

However when it's the Mother having the problems, people always seem to think that she must have done something terrible to not have her children. 

The only reason I lost in court was due to my lack maturity and knowledge at 19. This is when the custody battles began. I'm now 23 and am going back to court in two weeks to have the current court order re enforced. As usual. I have to pay out for it.  I earned nat min wage with is about £850 after tax a month. Maintenance is £125. I'm barely left with anything after that. If I didn't have my partner-I'd starve.  




 Hahaha! That did made me chuckle! 




 He looks really comfy in there! 




 Look away!!! Look away!!! 




 Err I'll have you no it doesn't always work that way. I have a little girl that I barely see. I am her Mum. I have done nothing wrong. . .it's just the way in ended in court. I pay child maintence and court fees regulary. I'm now on anti depressants due to the five year hell Im in.  




 I just sent a link to my best mate. He will appreciate this. Although he did complain that the flesh light was little tight. . . 




 The pale one-looks a little too pale. I have very pale skin-but she looks ill-anemic?? 




 I've never been in a situation like this-however due to family differences, I've had to cut ties with my parents. I still talk to my younger brothers but due to one of them still still living in the family home, he tends to 'side' with them.

I'm 23 years old and have my own home and family. I am currently doing financally better than my parents. They call me a snob for this. Even though I have worked damn hard for everything I have.  Other family members tell me that I'm an example to them. They live on state benefits and my grandmother owns the roof over their heads. 

I now live by the saying 'The family you make is more important than the family you come from'.

If you still live in the family home, move out as soon as you can. That way they have no hold over you and will be less able to guilt trip you every single day. It's only money. Your sister HAS the continous love of your parents. You HAD your grandmother's love instead. 

Your sister is NOT your responsibility. Remember that. Good Luck.
 




 That's so sad. It shows how corrupted the world is. That bear was obviously fine and happy. They had no need to take her away from her 'family'. Animals do not belong in cages.  




