 Had a coughing fit while bending over my bathroom sink, the angle I was standing at made my back seize up and I ended up damaging the sciatic nerve that runs down my leg and into my foot which meant my left foot was numb for about 3 months. 




 The day after your period ends...FREEDOM!! 




 Mr. Burns: Smithers, are they boo-ing me? 
Smithers: Uh...no. They're saying boo-URNS, boo-URNS  




 Carpet Bag Steak 




 8 years ago I applied for a retail job selling handbags, the store manager told me that there was a promising second in charge role opening in the next few months and because of my experience he had worked hard to negotiate with HR so that I could be paid an additional 10 cents per hour...the pay would have come to $10.20 per hour. I appreciate his efforts but it made the company sound a bit too thrifty. 




 Thanks for the advice!! :) 




 Does anyone have any home remedies that actually work to cure a stubborn cold? 




 Lonely Hearts Club 




 Room for one more?? :( 




 You interpreted the question just fine. Your comment still stands. 




 Receivers - what were you really thinking when you got them? 




 Awesome!! Congrats :) 




 No beating around the bush - I like it! 









 Good work! 




 Congrats to you both! 









 Taylor Hanson. Yes. 




 When I was 23 I was diagnosed with severe Aplastic Anemia (rapid depletion of red and white blood cells as well as platelets) the same thing Marie Curie died of. I was given a pamphlet after my diagnosis that stated 80% of people diagnosed who do not receive treatment die within a year.  




 Unconditional love and support from true friends...and BACON 




 My mother stood up for my eldest bro when he didn't want to do a blood test to see if he was a bonemarrow match when I was severely ill and needing a bonemarrow transplant...her reasoning - he doesn't want to take time off work.  




 Attractive guys crying and watching Transformers...that Optimus Prime... 




 care to elaborate? 




 Not weird at all! I can completely relate. 




 Crime and Guilt - Ferdinand von Schirach... :S 




 A know it all with no integrity and a sense of entitlement 




 Alarm clock 




 sorry!! 




 Mine had a great laugh. 









 Making sure my vag doesn't appear to be munching on my pants in a hungry fashion aka cameltoe 




 My ex used to do the same thing except he would ask me to wash and dry his outfit for him!! 




 Up until the beginning of this year I had been friends with this person for 11 years since our uni days. In hindsight, it was a toxic friendship - I had to constantly walk on eggshells for fear of pissing him off, he constantly had tantrums, was very calculative and he only helped others if it benefited him. Everyone was scared to stand up to him because we didn't want to rock the boat. 

After coming home from a road trip with a group of friends to celebrate my birthday I spoke to a mutual friend about how hurt I was that this friend constantly sulked, got angry and even gave me the silent treatment for a couple of hours. This "friend" had told me on my birthday that when friends piss him off, he likes to make them feel like shit. That was the last straw for me, that's not what friendship is about. 
This mutual friend told this guy what I had said and obviously this "friend" of mine was royally pissed and started ignoring me while trying to gather a merry band of idiots to turn against me as well. He managed to turn another friend I had known for 11 years against me but was unsuccessful with the others. (We're all in our late to early 30s)

We never patched things up, I was very upset about it all for months but then I started realising that I was finally free of this toxic influence in my life and I could now enjoy the friendships I choose to nurture. It's not about how long you've known the person, it's about the kind of influence they have that matters for example, whether they're positive and supportive people. It's still very awkward when our original group gets together but it's OK, I'm spending most of my time now with wonderful amazing friends. 




 It's the simple things in life for me, I'm trying to appreciate what I have and concentrate my energy on the things I enjoy the most in order to find my own inner happiness and contentment. My biggest problem I'm trying to work on is to continue to work towards issues within my circle of influence rather than factors that I have no control over (circle of concern). 




 I'm from New Zealand - my impressions of the following states:

Texas - Steak all day everyday
Florida - Key Lime Pie
Louisiana - Creole shrimp, okra and collard greens
Maine - Clam Chowder
NYC - Street vendor hot dogs
Hawaii- Spam
Illinois - Deep dish Pizza

 




 People who don't know how to queue and try to cut the line or stand beside you instead of behind you. 




 Not seeking professional help when I first needed it, instead I've wasted years going through periods of depression and self-loathing - not realising that I was the reason for my own unhappiness.  




 Bacon. 




 Good luck!! :) 




 A Beef Wellington would impress me! 




 You ABSOLUTELY need to give it a shot before you move away! Good Luck! 









 Were you guys able to recover from it? 




 Did they work? 









 If only I could figure out how to clone you....I'd make a fortune :) 




 Yikes! You're ridiculously hot and in my humble honest opinion - heads and shoulders above the rest of the boys on here ;P Keep on keeping on :)  




 Sherlock - Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman are awesome! A 2 year gap between seasons is far too long though.
 




