 I think it's disgusting, I do not want people to have it, but then I do not rule the world so who am I to talk. It were to become reality though, I'd still be against it. But it's still an opinion and you can only do so much with an opinion.  




 Oh ok I didn't understand that last part. But yeah I agree. Cartoon porn with Lisa Simpson is disgusting. If you're familiar with video games, there was a cartoon porn feature Ellie from The Last of Us, having sex with Joel. Yeah. Ruined the entire game for me. It's just wrong and sick. 

Sorry I was literally writing those while holding a baby and I couldn't believe that someone who want children to be sexualized whether fiction or reality. I still can't but. Yeah. I shouldn't want to force you to change your opinions.  




 Ok you're right on that one. I am trying to change your opinion. This is bad. But you are doing it too. Opinions can't be bad if they're opinions, and if they're good, they're facts. 

And I have no idea what you just said.  




 I can't wait to experience that myself.  




 IT'S NOT AN ARGUMENT ABOUT ANYTHING, I AM EXPRESSING AN OPINION. HOW I FEEL AND SEE THINGS. GOODNESS. 

And yo Hentai is not illegal anywhere and we've all watched it. Please. You're just making a thing I said about children all twisted so it fits your initial argument. I think, like many people, children should no be represented in such environments. Point blank. Simple. 




 I do not approve of 25% of anime, no. It's perverted 

And I don't know what happened in Batman. In what way was this represented? Was the kid shot like you would shoot a deer while hunting? Probably not. So it's something else. I specifically chose GTA V as an example because you can shoot anyone you wish, for no reason. And there are no kids in this game. Wonder why? 

It's just an opinion. Kids should not be presented in perverted situations. If you think otherwise, I don't understand you. Maybe you care less about children than I do. You wouldn't want a 3D porn star based on how you look and act? Right?  




 Yes, like I said before, I read too fast. However, I still believe that there is a lot of hypocrisy when dealing with Islam since it's not like they're the single worst thing on Earth. What Muslim preaches is being preached everywhere else. Thinking otherwise would be foolish. Yet people rather talk about Islam. 




 "Most" people do, and those who don't are in prison? In what country you live in? Please help me get my citizenship. 

And my point was that CHILDREN should not be represented in situations where there is senseless violence, sexual behaviours and other form of abuse. The innocent should remain innocent, and not involved in such
'entertaining' indecent things. Even if it's fiction.  




 But violence is still represented! People are still seeing it! You think all humans think "Oh. It's fake. SHouldn't happen in real life" when they see a movie, game, book, etc. about something that is inherently bad? You think so?  




 Ok then. Violence in video games is not violence since it's not real then.  




 A quick google search will give you answers. Lately, the problem has been to educate people on the differences between abuse and BDSM because people do not know when to stop. 

And you are missing my point here. I'm not talking about banning the sexual orientation or whatever. I am not talking about banning violent things because there are sick people out there. I am talking about not involving children in any type of sexual environment (not quite the word I want). That is all. They're kids, for christ's sake. 

Kind of like how in GTA V there are no kids. Because you shouldn't involve kids in such things. Because they're ... kids!  




 If you are speaking of a matter you did not study, I don't even understand why you're getting all pumped up about it. Geez. Congratulations you turned out bad, but that means nothing.  




 What if you don't have the money?  




 But opinions mean nothing when there are facts. All you need is a basic psychology class and you'll know the facts and how the human brain, especially at that age, works.

Again, bad =/= everyone will be negatively affected. Abuse is bad. Not every abused person is having a terrible life.  




 Your example, BDSM. Some people see it, get a girl, abuse the crap out of her and call it a day. Because BDSM is legal.

Same with computer generated porn for pedophiles. Sick people will see this, think it's okay since they have a legal alternative. 

Anyway do not sexualize children at all. It's just not right. Which is unfortunately the 'problem' with pedophilia.  




 It does give this false impression that it's okay though. Sick people are everywhere and if they want something, they will have it. 




 I don't think it's quite the same, because I do think spanking is inherently bad. Something can be bad yet never really affect you personally. It does not make it good. 




 The thing with this debate is that you will find both sides. Kind of like if you google whether vaccines gives autism, you will find thousands of pages 'scientifically proving' it does. However, if you take parenting classes from accredited psychologists (like I did, which is my source), they will talk about punishment and how it affects children. It's not rocket science though.  




 Goodness. I said this in High School (16-17 year olds in my class at the time), and I was looked down on for many days. People don't differentiate pedophaelia the sexual orientation and the action fo raping children. I even said that homophobia used to be the pedophaelia of today. It was a crime, seen as a sickness ... etc.

However, no CGI porn. No. Still children. Never use the image of children in porn or other sexual environment, whether it's a doll, a drawing, or a real person. It will lead to the sexualization of children, sick people will get their hands on it, children will be abused even more ... no. Terrible idea.  




 Because the person went on a year-long field trip to visit every Black human being on Earth, invite them to dinner, ask them to pay and see if they tipped?  




 It's not because individuals are fine after a relativity bad experience that everyone should go through it. Some rape victims are turn out normal, some victims of physical assault, people getting shit multiple times ... Some survive and lead normal lives.  




 That second half of your comment is true, but there are facts out there proving that other methods are way more effective than spanking, and that spanking can lead children to negative behaviour as adults. Other methods just require more work, and people are lazy. Anyway people seldom put time into parenting their own children anymore ... 




 Not saying there are no valid reasons to dislike Islam, I am saying most people disliking Christmas only knows was sensationalist media says about it. Not Islam is not bad because others are bad, I'm saying it's dumb to always point at one when everyone is at fault, as if it's impossible to blame more than one grow of persons. A pet-peeve of mine.  




 I read too fast, sorry. However, I met say that this hate towards Islam is irrational and 100% driven by the media because that's all the general population knows about. I'm not saying that was you said is false, however Muslim is not the only religion with extreme view points and fanatics.  




 My bad. Yeah I read too fast I think.  




 But Christmas has stopped being a religious holiday though. Some Muslims and Jewish (among others) people exchange gifts with family and friends around that time, which is what Christmas is about now. Heck,  some Christians only care about that part, too, or go to church by tradition and not really because they care. 




 Maybe because technically, it's not a new addition? The child was considered family long ago so they're not a "new' addition. : ) 




 You get downvoted because you are grouping extremists and decent people in one group. Extremists are a minority, but they speak the loudest. It's like saying Americans are the number one problem about our modern world. Not really, they're just the loudest.  




 You get heavily downvoted especially if you call it lazy parenting. It's like everyone feel personally insulted, or part of them knows it may be true.  




 The same maybe in terms of taking days off (not really because you shouldn't just stop having your kid as a priority and as the president, you would have to). However, the public would be so unforgiving, which could make it difficult. 




 "The Interview" is a hot topic, and it's annoying. Dumb people are getting into this bandwagon probably because it's such a popular topic right now. I'm against it, for many reasons I've said so many times, it's discouraging to even have to say it. To know that people don't see the problem is quite depressing. Anyway. 

Even my College, from Montreal Canada (full of kids 17-21) is into it and one of their pages has promoted an event happening in my city where they would attempt to screen the movie. 

They blocked me for expressing my opinion. On a post advocating freedom of expression. 

So much for freedom of expression. I give up. 

Update: I thought the guy behind the event would be nice enough to ask me why they're censoring people against said event ... my comment got deleted.  




 My thoughts exactly. People are all over this dumb movie who will probably poke fun of the most miserable human beings on Earth. North Koreans and foreign prisoners are still being executed, and maybe this movie will prompt more executions. Kim Jong-Un is already the most paranoid fucker on Earth, killing anyone he thinks is against him or whatever. If he can't take out the big guy, he'll take out the individuals as he wishes since he can. Oh but because it's not happening on American soil, it's all good though. We get to have our movie from Seth Rogen oh my god comedy genius! Not only America won, freedom won! We did it! Freedom of speech, liberty, CIA is raping people but that's not what this is about... WE.DID.IT. 




 If you wanna go there, we're all from Africa. 




 Most black people I've seen in American TV are portrayed as sassy fat secretaries who make people laugh all the time though.  




 You fail to understand that it's not because the Grand Jury and the general public have access to the same information that said information is the cold hard truth. Judges are not Gods. They are humans presented with evidences made by humans, some false, some true. They do not know more than you and I do. Their job is not really to find the truth since it's impossible, their job is to take what they have and guess what happened, to punish accordingly. It is why sometimes murderers can get away with murder: if there is no evidence (even if everyone knows in their guts he did it), the judge cannot put the guy in prison.

No one knows shit. We were not here. Only witnesses, Wilson and Brown know what you truly. So stop speculating, and stop using this situation to be racist.  




 I am not discrediting /u/ObviousAssassin. Everything he said is the truth. However, most of us do not live in a world where are biological predispositions matter. So it's very irrelevant to modern humans, except when it comes to competitive sports.  




 There are women in battle right now I don't think I understand your point.  




 The thing with some white people though is that they don't stop at the critic. They want to test their limits and see how offensive they can get without getting in trouble. If it's rational, backed up with facts and all, it's cool. But then when you have half the population acting like ten-year-old who just used a curse word, then no. Don't talk.  




 People don't really care. Maybe your family will because they feel like that's their job and responsibility (so it's not as genuine as we'd want it to be), same for your friends, but people do not care. This is why "How are you?" is said out of politeness in many nations, and not because the person actually cares. Do talk to people though, because yeah you'll get insane if you don't. But don't expect them to be there for you at all times because chances are you're not a priority.  




 Many people here missed the word "best" in the question. They just think of the most socially unacceptable thing, turn it into an "advice", and wait for upvotes.  




 Men whine. And when they do, they never shut up.  




 Fun fact! Our ancestors started living together as 'couples' because they knew that by 'being a family' they would not have to share food with the rest of the tribe! 

It's human to be selfish. That's how we've survived for so long.  




 I like how you're talking about tribes when this does not apply to most of the world anymore. Those physical differences in men and woman are only relevant in sports now.  




 What men say they want versus what they actually want is often very different, especially in younger and more immature women.

Unless it's sex. That's all men know they want.  




 Exactly. So many people, even people online, are using this even to either spew hate, cause trouble or just to feel "cool and anarchist". It's really sad and annoying.  




 Can you stop with this Hollywood bullshit? Is this all Americans have on their TV? Do people know there are informative documentaries out there you can use as sources to form an opinion? Has that ever occurred to you there is information out there one can look for, and you can even look for them! I thought your country's pride was the well-trained individuals you have in the army and such. But you don't even know what they are capable of doing. What a shame.  




 Great! Thanks for the link!  




 Psst. Get out your mom's basement once in a while. You'll see the world is different when you look at it with your own eyes.  




 Except no one is willing to do that. It costs too much money and no government would give money just to be nice. It would be considered a waste. So unless people are willing to donate or have their taxes go up, nothing will happen. Because I swear, you go in those countries and you know women want birth control. They are tired of having children, being raped by their men (but what can they do about that? that's another unfortunate reality), and then being left alone with three crying kids. 




 That's a childish way of reacting, honestly. I could write the name of about half a million Middle Eastern kids, too. What would be my point? Some cases don't get news attention. It has nothing to do with race, it has an awful lot to do with sensationalism and the fact that there are millions of people dying unjustifiably yearly. Get over it.  




 Never, because I won't put myself in a situation I can't handle, and two, I do not have the proper training for that!! I was not born bough like 99% of people, therefore if I wanted to be bough and take down bears, I would train! Not saying I would become invincible, but I wouldn't take my gun out because someone slightly bigger than me is "threatening me". But I'm an average person, not a police officer. I mean, being able to respond to emergencies like this is not my job.  




 If you don't know what physical training can do, you're missing out on so much about life. Also, last time I checked, police officers don't just have a gun. So he could have used other weapons to immobilize him too. I don't see why you're making this so much more complicated than it is. The gun should have been his last result. Excuse me, living in Canada and all, but Americans are too trigger-happy for me. It's ridiculous.  




 I don't see why you have people who are actually trained for this in the military but you wouldn't put those same people in the streets of places you'd judge hostile.  




 I agree with you. I think that as the police, they should be trained for that type of situation. We're not talking about mall cops in suburban Calgary here. We're talking about people who should be the first to response to any type of emergency, especially in a country where anyone can own a gun, especially in hostile neighbourhoods.  




 Be happy, I'm not in America right now and I'm glad I am not. How can shooting someone can ever be right? I mean not shooting, but murdering them. He's a cop! He should be trained for this kind of situation!  




 So you're saying American coops were not given good training. I honestly agree.  




 If you think the name is the issue, then clearly you have not been reading much about feminism. It's just a name, for crying out lout. A name with a history behind it.  




 In other words .... if this kid should have died or not. Because you can fire you weapon once or twice at most. There are so many spots you can aim at to weaken your enemy without killing them.  




 You think they know better though? Most of the world is just uneducated. They literally cannot know better. What are you blaming them for? If you know about contraception is because you learned this in school. It's not something you can just figure out.

Also, unlike condoms that seem to be given like free candy, contraceptives made for women are expensive! And I swear women will take it. No one likes being pregnant and then having to take care of all kids anyway. However fewer men will wear condoms because "it doesn't feel good". That's the real problem. Educate the masses, especially males who seem more stubborn than females.  




 Seems like it. A 12-year-old was shot for playing with a BB Gun. While not too long a go, a man was walking around kids with a real gun, waving it around at people, and he is still alive and well.  




 This case was basically about deciding whether or not some guy deserved to die or not. Doesn't that shock anyone but me? And I thought I was heartless.  




 Police officers are trained individuals who should know how to react in any possible given situations. They aren't your every day suburban wife who feels threatened when they hear an unusual sound coming from a window.  




 My mother just gave me a tablet. Randomly. That is, a day after knowing that my father would send us a tablet he got for free. A couple of days ago, she bought me the fancy type of headphones (that I gave to my father instead for a number of reasons). And a week prior, she bought me small speakers. I am not thankful though. Instead, I can't help but think about the cost of all of those things. Money has become an obsession for me, especially since we're not really well-off, yet my mother spends money like we're part of the upper class. Second, do I deserve those things? I certainly don't. I am not a child my family is proud of, especially my mother who you can tell just hates the person I'm becoming. So why spend money we don't necessarily have on me? Now it feels like I owe her my life. 

Call me ridiculous but it's giving me a great deal of anxiety. I do not like to be given things, especially when I don't deserve them. I can't be thankful.  




 Never said the opposite.  




 I understand. It is my first time seeing that kind of humour in this subreddit. Usually I see people either commenting on how unusual/unjustified/avoidable/etc. is. Never saw any attempt at that kind of humour (not like there has been none, but this kind is my first time experiencing it (. 




 :'( 




 Since we were dealing with death, I thought it was the most appropriate word. 




 I don't see how horrible things can be funny at all, and I don't see how yourself don't understand that some people don't find humour in everything. Excuse my terrible English, but some things just ... are. You don't need to find it funny or sad. 

Sociopaths are unable to feel empathy. People here seem to lack of it. It is why I used that word.  




 Oh no! :( I'm such a loser now. 




 Yeah I agree with you. I just sometimes get the impression that there are a few here who don't get it though. 




 The subreddit was created to watch people die. I did not think I was in a Sociopath Anonymous group.  




 I am not saying to care, not at all. But I mean people here sometimes sound like death is some kind of game. Excuse me for repeating myself, but they act like they're in a video game and they just saw someone headshot an AI! Maybe humour was not the right way of describing it because as you said, it is subjective. However even the most morbid people understand that death is not a game. While here, not so much.  




 I'm not the kind of person who think a shrine should be made for every dead person that ever existed, but making video games references when seeing someone die is pretty much what a sociopath sounds like. Death is not "funny" or "no big deal". 




 I honestly don't get the humour of this subreddit. Sometimes people sound like sociopaths with no feelings whatsoever. I think the "150+ score" is a little disrespectful. 




 Google won't admit they know more than your mailing address * 




 I see what you mean. I guess I read it with the wrong tone (if that makes any sense).   




 He did. He is justifying this revenge, which would be a genocide if it had happened, by saying (and I quote) "It's a very human response to a very inhuman situation." 




 I'm sorry I did not provide you enough material to ridicule me.  




 Not at all.  




 Didn't know you were the ambassador for 7 billion people but ok.  




 A 12 month old baby is too different from a 15 month old to just refer to it as a "one year old". Same with two year olds. There is a difference between a 24 month old and a 30 month old, hence why "and a half" is used with children aged 2 to ~6.  




 There are huge differences between a one year old and an 11 month old. Up until their 2nd birthday, children change monthly (and after that, they go through huge changes every 3 months or so). So there is a big difference between a 12 month old (1 year old), 11 month old, 13 month old ... etc.  




 I wake up at 6:30 too and so does most people so it's not really an achievement. I said 5:00 because that would be commitment. 




 Not offended at all. I understand I am part of a minority here.  




 Hey, I actually do! I find it really useless when it's done for aesthetic reasons.  




 I just find it very unnecessary. Like I said, you would not step on an ant for fun, or cut a three because you felt like it. If you would, why?! 




 Yes, exactly what I meant. Sorry I failed to express myself properly.  




 Yes, why would you cut down a tree for your own enjoyment? My argument remains the same. Just don't do shit unnecessarily.  




 So? Why purposely have them go through something that would be painful? That's like stepping on ants for fun. It's not damaging per se, but doing it on purpose is just dumb.  




 I am a female, I have no desire to be another sex or gender, but I feel extremely uncomfortable knowing what is between my legs. It's odd, because from what I know, only people who have been molested and raped feel the way I feel, but I have never been touched inappropriately (from what I know and recall — I am 18, by the way). I feel disgusting, repugnant, sometimes I wish I could just cut it out. I react as if I have been violated, it feels wrong and gross to clean that area (even when I'm wiping after using the bathroom — and ironically I sometimes excessively wipe), and it's always on my mind. I don't think I'll ever go see a gynaecologist even though I really need one. The thought of it makes me shudder. 

I don't find other females repulsive for being females, but seeing a vagina really makes me uncomfortable. I even dread changing a girl's diaper for that specific reason. I do not know what to do, I do not want to do anything because I would feel impure. Not because of the vagina, because of me (does that make sense?)

I was wondering if anyone could relate to this, and if there is a reason behind this mindset. Thank you!  




 I was raised to believe that life isn't about how good you feel about yourself, but how good society sees you.I was raised to believe I should fear failing a course more than I should fear my suicidal thoughts. I was raised to believe that my depression should be put on hold to focus more on schoolwork. I was raised to believe I didn't matter now: my worth will come from my academical and professional achievements in the future. 

I was encouraged to postpone my happiness, or maybe cancel it, because I needed to make my parents proud by becoming someone they approved of, and by giving them bragging rights. Because I don't matter now. Maybe I'll never matter. I'm living for them, and they're living through me. 

Fuck it. I will work hard for myself, towards my own goals. I need no one as no one really needs me. I'll become selfish for my own good.  




 I am no Supernanny, and I obviously haven't done everything there is to do. However, I'm feeling quite down and discouraged. A couple of weeks ago, I asked for ideas on how to entertain a two-year-old. All responses were great and I am so thankful! I was hyped and eager to try some of the things with the toddler. However, she was not interested. Playdough? Was good for a minute. Cardboard things like tubes and such? Was interesting only because it came out of my bag (my backpack, to them, is full of treasures and she especially enjoys seeing what I bring, but her curiosity stops there). Yesterday I took her out to a Biodome, and she did not care much. I tried getting her excited about fish especially since she seems to enjoy water, but after understanding she could not touch the water trough the glass, she lost interest. 

I noticed that she enjoys holding on to things. I purposely bought a lunchbox (those 'vintage' ones shaped like a rectangle, usually made of metal) and as predicted, she enjoyed holding on to it. She also wanted to hold a plastic bag I had diapers and wipes in. I once bought a bag of pompons she could pass through a tube taped to the wall, and she only cared about holding on to the bag, and would (mildly) panic whenever a pompon would fall off. That has been her favourite thing to do so far. For instance, the playdough was fun for a few seconds while holding on to it. Then big brother wanted to play with it and she lost interest. Same with carboard tubes ... the only thing she has been using has to be markets. Oh, and she enjoys TV.

What do you in a situation like this?  




 My self-worth vanished today. I have lost something that was given to me: Headphones.

Yes, I can buy new ones. No, it was not at an exorbitant price (about forty dollars) and yes, it was given a while ago (10 months ago in two days), but it hit me hard to know money was spent on me, and my forgetfulness made it a waste. 

I'm pretty sure I will find them either tomorrow or next Monday, but in the mean time, in the midst of a mild panic attack, I cried. Not only have I disturbed my routine (I do not cope well with unforeseen events), but I've wasted someone's resources. I seem to be pretty good at it. If it's not money I'm wasting, it's time. Always someone's time. And I'm not worthy of any of it.

What to do? Should I stay home tomorrow? How can I waste people's time tomorrow after wasting someone else's resources? Would that be fair? Would that be wise? I want to stay home tomorrow. And maybe the next week, and the week after. I'm panicking. I will stop now. But I needed to say this.   




 I am looking after two children, but usually the two-year-old is left alone with me. 

I'm used to looking after children, but now I'm a little out of my comfort zone. The mother I am helping out is not very fortunate, so her children do not have any toys besides markers (and I'm not too fond of them since the little one likes to draw on herself) and a couple of bikes. Also, I don't think I'll be able to leave their house since the mother only has one set of keys, and she needs them. I am afraid of bringing rented things (books, movies) because the two-year-old can and will draw on them, rip them apart, eat them ... Buying them things is also tricky because not only I am a student on a budget, but since I'm working for an agency, one rules says I can't give them anything (unless they make something out of it, like paper, pencils). 

They are of a different culture, and the little girl is just two, so she only knows what her mother does. She's not familiar with many games and activities we'd consider "basic" for kids her age, and there's obviously the language barrier. The only thing that could keep her entertained for hours is either making a mess with water or being thrown in the air (but I'm too unfit to do that for more than 45 seconds). 

I'm okay with buying very cheap stuff, but she seems to not quite understand what can be done with these things and she doesn't understand me, so she loses interest immediately.

Any suggestions? 
Thanks in advance! 

** Thank you for all for your suggestions! I'm very thankful for your replies! I will give boxes a try, since it's cheap (even free at some places!) and start from there. Playdough is obviously a close second. I'll try making my own if that turns out to be better. Really, thank you very much!  




 When you look for articles about self-help, 99% of tips are written assuming the person has either a good life, or is capable of finding the good in their situation. 

Stop assuming.

When people want to prevent suicide for instance, they will talk about how family and friends will miss them. Not everyone has that supporting group of people who truly care about them, and certainly not everyone is capable of judging whether or not this group of people even exists. (and why live for others?!)

In websites sharing tips on how to prevent unhealthy coping mechanism, they always assume the person is aware of the positive in their life. They always talk about "reaching out to someone who makes them feel good" or "doing something that will make them feel better". It's a statement that always bothers me because literally what makes the person feel better is that unhealthy or damaging thing they're doing. And again they always assume the person feels worse after doing whatever they're doing. Not always. Some people do it, feel better, fall asleep and tomorrow ends up being a better day. And in desperate situations, you either can't tell who is on your side or not, or you have no one on your side, which seems to baffle some as if everyone is born with a great family and amazing friends that are there for them. 

I find those ridiculous. I needed to say that somewhere.  




 Just so you know how terrible my memory is, for the past year or two, I've been struggling speaking even my mother tongue (French) because I couldn't remember words.

I am learning Russian and German at school right now. I'm doing okay with German, memorizing-wise (though it could be better, but I shouldn't be complaining). However, after 6 full weeks of Russian, my vocabulary is still limited to about a dozen words, at most 20. 

I can read and write cyrillic just fine, but when I am reading a word I am trying to memorize, my brain just goes into "decrypting mode", which doesn't include memory. I can't seem to stop it from doing that. I have tried memorizing the latinized words, nothing. What's odd is I did not have any difficulty learning Mandarin Chinese words and script. 

Is this a common thing, and what should be done to fix it? 

Thank you in advance.  




 September of last year, I met someone I considered to be one of the greatest person I ever met. A year later, I managed to have a (very short) conversation with them. After two minutes of silence from my part (minutes spent trying to recompose myself), the conversation died out. I have tried initiating it again, without success. 

Sounds benign, doesn’t it. Here’s more.

At the age of 12 or 13, I met whom I thought would be my greatest friend ever. We were so close, for the longest time I thought I was in love with them. Since the age of 15, they have been drifting away from me. I barely talk to them. Last time I heard from them, it was still winter (it is now the beginning of autumn). I still love them the way I did six years ago. 

I am a burden to the people I care the most for. It’s not just them, it’s basically everyone I ever met, including my family. At the age of 13, almost overnight, I became asocial and introversive. Since then, I have failed to be worthy of anyone’s attention. That second person must have pitied me for staying around until I turned 15, when I emotionally crashed, became depressed and suicidal, and everything in between. 

It’s selfish, but I do want them in my life. I am willing to do anything to gain their attention and love back. I want to give them everything I have (which unfortunately is nothing for the moment). I am willing to sacrifice my life and put theirs as my priority. It’s obsessive and delusional, but I unfortunately feel this way. And now to have them both trying to, what looks like, shut me out of their life, it hurts. I can understand though. I’m not loveable. I am not interesting. They deserve better.  

After six months free of suicidal thoughts, I now secretly wish I had successfully killed myself last time I tried. I’m too much of a burden. I was not meant to be alive. I was not meant to be involved in social situations. I’m too big of a burden for too many people.  




 I was unfortunately born a female. 

Now being a female itself is alright, but when nature chooses you to carry the burden of procreation, that's when it sucks. And it is to happen for at least 40 years, 12 times a year, 6 days a month. 

I honestly never made a big deal out of it the first time, even the second time, but then it became excessively painful. Being anemic, I would lose consciousness all the time, miss school, vomit ... it was terrible. For the past year though, it has been better. No loss of consciousness (though I do feel dizzy from time to time), less vomiting (though now everything is coming out — at the same speed I should say — at the other end), and no missing scheduled activities. However one thing has not changed: I feel gross.

I am not even affected by how society views this "normal and healthy" part of a female's life. Whatever people say, periods are gross. It smells, it's uncomfortable, it's messy, and there's no way to control it. I'm pretty sure if once a month, the anus decided to evacuate on its own for six days straight and all you could do is sit in a diaper at all time, it would feel the same way. 

One week a month, I stop working. I lose my appetite, I lose my motivation and my energy. I lose my focus and my memory as well. All my movements feel automated. I hate leaving my room when it happens. All I do is go back-and-forth between there and the bathroom. Being in College and all, I obviously have to leave my house almost every day, but I spend most of my time worrying about leakage and smell. No amount of good hygienes will change the fact that as I'm sitting down in the middle of 30+ people, blood is coming out of my vagina, and I'm sitting in it. I could shower thrice a day, change my pad every hour or empty a bottle of perfume on my nether region, nothing would change. 

I am amazed at how very few females seem affected by their period. I applaud those women. Unfortunately I am not at their level. I cannot stop thinking about what is happening between my legs because I can feel it. I don't like this feeling of uncleanness, as if I haven't wiped in a year. I cannot deal with this smell I can't seem to detach myself from, even though now I've learned it's all in my head. I can't deal with the fact that it leads to my inactivity, as if my body is slowly shutting down on me. 

It's been nearly a decade and I still haven't gotten my shit together. I've failed mother nature.  




 I understand why websites like care.com require you to pay for full access to their website (we're talking about parents potentially trusting strangers with their children, after all). However, I hate how empty one's profile looks when they do not have a Premium account. I'm 18. I cry whenever I buy school manuals. You think I'd pay for a website account?

Many times, I would contact one or more parent, then I'd see that the exact number of parents I've contacted have visited my page. I know it's them. But then, I get no answer. Nothing. I know I can't receive messages from all of them, so I used to put my e-mail address at the bottom of my messages, but apparently that SCREAMS scam (especially when your name is in the email address, which is ridiculous but whatever). So I started putting my phone number, home and mobile, which I thought made me look more legit since it's personal information. I thought maybe if parents were paranoid enough, they would check a website like Canada411 and see if my postal code matched the number. 

Why can't care.com be like some French website I fell upon? To confirm your identity, they ask you to submit a picture ID (it was secure) that not only proves your identity, but your general location. I know it's not perfect, but still. It allowed genuine people to have a better chance at finding willing parents. 

Today it bothered me so much because I found the perfect match. I'm free three days a week, and this lady (who lives less than a kilometre away from me — according to care.com) needed someone for those three days. I really need a job, and I desperately want to start babysitting again. She was a match sent from heaven! Well I check my profile (haven't been on the website for a couple of weeks before today), and surprisingly, maybe an hour after sending her a message, I have one profile view. It has to be her! But ... nothing. I'll wait another 24 hours before breaking into tears (hyperbole) and giving up on online stuff. However I'm pretty sure she will not give me a call.

I mean I know sometimes, parents are just not interested, but how can they be if most can't contact me, and my profile is empty?! Even if I try to include as much information or try to sound super interesting in messages I send them, nothing. 

Oh well. It hurt. 

** Sometimes I get so paranoid about it. Maybe it's my age, which is fine. Maybe it's my race even ... Who knows. It would actually hurt.  




 I am an 18 year old female, currently in my 2nd year of post-secondary education, from Canada. In the summer of 2015, I want to momentarily put my education on hold to become an aupair for a year or two. My dream locations would be France, Germany, Belgium, England or the Netherlands. I can also consider the United States and Canada, but my passion for foreign languages and cultures push me towards Western Europe.

Basically, I want to know what I should do in order to be a great aupair. Childcare is a passion I want to exploit. I babysat, like most teenage girls, for about two years (until I moved out). I want to start again this year, but before looking for families, I will be taking an 'Emergency Childcare First Aid and CPR' course with the Canadian Red Cross. It will take place next week.

What else can I do to be an impressive candidate?

Thank you in advance!

** I did post this on /r/nannies and wanted to ask here right after, but for some reason, I was not allowed to do so earlier. 




 I am an 18 year old female, currently in my 2nd year of post-secondary education, from Canada. In the summer of 2015, I want to momentarily put my education on hold to become an aupair for a year or two. My dream locations would be France, Germany, Belgium, England or the Netherlands. I can also consider the United States and Canada, but my passion for foreign languages and cultures push me towards Western Europe. 

Basically, I want to know what I should do in order to be a great aupair. Childcare is a passion I want to exploit. I babysat, like most teenage girls, for about two years (until I moved out). I want to start again this year, but before looking for families, I will be taking an 'Emergency Childcare First Aid and CPR' course with the Canadian Red Cross. It will take place next week. 

What else can I do to be an impressive candidate? 

Thank you in advance!  




 I could add Calgary to the list, too but I'm not sure about it honestly.

I live in Montreal and I love my city, but for um, reasons, I would prefer moving elsewhere. 

* I should add that I'm frugal. I've read some statistics and Montreal happens to be the cheapest city. I'm wondering which one, despite the high price of basically everything, is livable?

* Hostile behaviour is not to happen here. That's not very Canadian of you (alright that was bad). 

* To those who seem to have serious eye-sight problems: Those four cities are where my dream job is in serious demand. Yes, frugal people also care about the job market.  




 I heard/saw Americans, Canadians, Quebecers and the French do it. I have a feeling it's quite a popular thing to do elsewhere as well.  




 I am 18, a female and I have anemia. I do not take iron supplements for x and y reasons. 

I have daily headaches. It's been like this for a couple of years, maybe more. I believe they are migraines. Usually, I feel my temples pulsating, which per se is not always painful but always so disconcerting. If I concentrate enough, I can get rid of the pain but the unsettling part is always there. Lately, for the past week or so, it's been worse. I feel as if my head splits in two (a physical head and a more "spiritual" one, if that makes sense) at each pulse, the pain goes all the way to my neck, and sometimes (for a short period of time), to my left arm. 

What is it? I googled my symptoms but it's always so dramatic. I rather describe my symptoms myself and see what other people think. Also, I am overseas right now so I can't go see a doctor quite yet. I think I foremost want to know how common that is. 

Thank you!

** I must add, right now, it feels like a brain freeze. Not sure what a brain freeze really feels like (never had one) but if it's a slightly paralyzing head ache, then yes. 




 And I've noticed that sometimes, commercials during shows in France are related to the channel they're been broadcasted on. A France 2 show will have commercials featuring other France 2 shows, for instance.  




 I'm like so close from crying right in the middle of my school's student lounge. Two people are less than two meters away from me. Funny thing is, they wouldn't even notice. They never did. Not my first time crying in this school and no one notices. 

I kind of want to keep hope, but I'm not sure if it's an option anymore. I tried killing myself once but now my body rejects any type of attempts. 

Would someone mind noticing me? No? 




