
































































 I was just wondering what people thought about the idea of a bimbo sub dedicated to hardcore material? I absolutely love the pics that get posted here, but I'd love even more to see some gifs or videos of bimbos getting nailed or sucking cock, which is where half of the attraction comes from for me.

I realise the sub is NSFW by default, but that doesn't seem to extend to HC, and I think it's better that way - I always feel HC stuff should have its own sub.

Does anyone else think it's an idea that could work? Unfortunately I wouldn't be in a position to start it, I haven't been on this account for 30 days yet, and to be honest, I go back to work on Monday, so I'd be too busy to be a mod as well. If anyone did start one I'd definitely post on it and try to keep it going.

Anyway, just wanted to float the idea, and see what people thought :) 
























 I realise FC3 is quite an old game now, but I only recently bought and played it, and have to say, the cutscenes in it are absolutely brilliant, and I can think of few better.

The animations as they talk to you are brilliantly done, with all the subtle hand gestures, and body movements, and the voice acting is of a really high standard as well I think.

It's been a while since cutscenes genuinely got me more immersed in the game! It's also been a while since cutscenes genuinely made me laugh, but with Dr Earnhart, Hurk etc. I was chortling with gusto! 















































































 I recently just finished FC3 as a stealth player, but now I want to go back and become the embodiment of John Rambo. The thing is, I'm not sure how best to use C4 and mines in the game. In the experience I had in my stealth game, when enemies are fighting you, they often stay behind cover, and if they don't it's hard to predict where they'll go. Can anyone give me some tips on this? I'd be very grateful. 






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 I've reached a point in the game where I'm finding dragon battles far too easy, and want to make them tougher. I know there is the mod Deadly Dragons, but I've tried and tried and can't get it to work. I also looked at Enhanced Mighty dragons but that seems to have been removed.

Are there any other active mods that could help me? Thanks 





















































































































































 I swear I've never played a game where I've put off completing as much as I have with Skyrim. I'm now at level 43, but just keep telling myself "I'll do this, then go back to the main quest.....I'll do THIS then go back to the main quest".

I still have the Dawnguard DLC to get through, and I'm thinking of getting Dragonborn, downloading the Fight the Thalmor stuff, and THEN I'll finish the main quest (I'm more or less at the end of that).

Honestly, no game has ever had this effect on me - desperately trying to extend the game because I don't want it to be over! :( (Then I start again with my stealth character :P) 


































 I was just wondering what you guys prefer your legs to be like? Do you prefer them thin, like those on a supermodel? Or do you prefer yours a bit thicker?

Personally, thin legs do nothing for me, I like mine with a bit more meat on them (up to a point!). I love to imagine them wrapped around my waist :D  




 For some reason, Belethor died in my game, probably at the hands of vampires. I realised this happened when his shop was closed for days on end. I used the console command to respawn him, and he went into his shop, but my problem hasn't been solved. Even during the day, it still makes me pick the lock to get in the shop and he just tells me to get out. Is there any way to cure this? Whiterun is my go to place to sell things and without Belethor there, it's a massive pain :( 
























 I absolutely love this game, and the quests are great, but I do wish they had more quests where not everything is handed to you on a plate, and you need to figure things out yourself from clues you're given.

One of my favourite quests was Lost to the Ages (from the Dawnguard DLC), where you receive a journal and have to use the map drawn in it with the notes to figure out where you have to go, and it's only when you arrive there that the marker appears. I feel that it just adds so much to the fun and immersion of the game. Also, I now have the Destruction Ritual Spell quest to do, and I'm busy trying to figure out where the clues lead with that book.

Are there other examples of quests like that in the game?

 




 I was wondering if there's a mod out there that adds numerical values to the stat bars on the hud? I'm playing as a mage, and would really like to know exactly how much magic I have so that I know exactly when I can cast a spell, rather than my usual "Fireba....oh no hang on. Right, fireb.....what??? still not enough?? OK NOW! FIREB.....oh I'm dead" 

It doesn't really help with the immersion :( Thanks for any help you can give 





























 Hi guys,

My favourite kind of picture or video when it comes to huge boobs is when a guy has his face mashed right into them, and I've seen enough material around to think that a subreddit on the subject could work, but was wondering if one like that exists already? I've tried searching but nothing has come up.

Thanks for any help! 







































