




 "Duke Leto's Pet Puzzle"

ಠ_ಠ 




 This legitimately creeps me out 




 Whenever I meet anyone, I can't help but imagine what it would be like to have sex with them, or what they look like during sex... 




 YES! I also love reading to myself (normal talking volume or whispering) on occasion, if there's no one else within earshot, of course. 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semantic_satiation 




 Personally, I love just a little bit of shyness.

Oh my God, it's so adorable, and I don't even mean 'adorable' in a patronising sense, just plain attractive. I'm a shy person myself so maybe I just would prefer that to someone who is mega outgoing, which would be way too much for me to be around. 

So, yeah, quiet/shy/introverted/introspective, that general family of traits... 




 This hurts in such a relatable way, OP...
 




 Hey, hey guys...looks like...guys it looks like he made a...made a... 

MOO-MAID...

Heh, get it? Get it guys?
....heh... 




 I'm not even sure I understood this. So disjointed

Reminds me of those threads on 4chan like "dubs says what I say next"... 




 Oh God the last one... D': 




 "hope you have a great Sunday!" 




 I never pictured them without hair either, although I must say I quite like the idea of them as bald.

"a bunch of Hellen Mirrens"

Oh God yes, somehow that is perfect. 




 The rest of Mark Zug's amazing artwork from the 1997 card game can be found here: http://markzug.com/dune/dune-the-card-game/ 

I particularly love this picture though, if anyone has a spare $1400 and is feeling generous then by all means feel free to buy me the original, available on his website :p 









 No you wouldn't. FUCK. Please report her OP, she could do this to other people. I'm so sorry for your terrible experience... 




 Is he always saying things and denying them later on? Or trying to make out that you're the crazy one? Don't even bother trying to call bullshit, just distance yourself from someone like that, no matter how you might feel about him. 




 I feel like I suddenly want to get really into everything Dune related at the moment, and I can't believe it's taken me until my early twenties to discover what a cool franchise it is! :D I'm genuinely quite excited to read on 




 Sweet, thanks for the input, folks. I was expecting there to be a bit more variation in people's suggestions but the general vibe I'm getting here is definitely original six first.

Maybe when I've finished those I'll dip into the others for funsies.
Thanks all :3 




 Now let's all agree to never be creative again... 




 Yeah I've seen how controversial they appear to be with the fanbase and I must admit that I haven't found Paul of Dune to be anywhere near as enjoyable as Dune or the cheeky few chapters of other FH books in the Dune series I've glanced over in the past. 

In Paul of Dune it just feels like I'm getting whisked through an assembly line of events that feel kind of flat. Were it not for the fact that I feel like maybe I'm learning a few more details about the Dune universe and getting a few bits and pieces reinforced for me I don't think I'd be as keen to read through it.

Thanks for your input, guys. 




 Coolio, I may as well carry on and finish Paul of Dune and then I'll see about finding copies of the other books after I've read Messiah :D Thanks. 

Out of interest though, do you recommend reading them this way because it provides a better narrative or more due to the (presumably superior) quality of the Frank Herbert books over the others? 




 So, publishing order? 




 So after having read Dune for the first time some months ago I was kindly given a few of the sequels for Christmas (Paul of Dune, Dune Messiah, and Winds of Dune) by someone who isn't a fan of the books themselves but knew I liked the Dune franchise and that I wanted to read more. They say they got the suggested reading order (as I listed them) from snooping around online, but of course, given the many different ways there are of reading through the series, I'd imagine it's pretty open to interpretation.


I started Paul of Dune a few days ago and am now most of the way through it and appreciate that it reads completely differently to Frank's style (if I'm honest I'm not sure I enjoy it so much though, personally). My question is, as a newbie, is this the best way to go about reading the books? Should I have just read the original books first and gone back to fill in the gaps with the Brian/Kevin Anderson installments later on? Or should I plow on with my current trajectory (chronological from Dune onwards). Or some entirely other order? I'm very open to suggestions and advice at this point and would be grateful for your input :) 




 SO QUICK! YES! Thanks so much...oh man...that was a sad film... 




 To prolong the sugary goodness they keep sniffing the tin after they have run out and pour water into the tin to make a sort of drink out of what is left inside?

I think I'm going mad here, please help :p
 




 I feel a bit disappointed with the clear Bilbo (the one I got) I would have loved to get Gandalf or Thorin instead. Might try swapping with someone or taking it upon myself to paint him for funsies 




 I found it was waaay too big for me. But I guess I do have tiny lady wrists so... Going to find a way to take some links out, maybe I'll donate them to you guys :p 




 I can't see this one mentioned anywhere yet so:

'Wilder' - by Gnesa http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CF2o5RDkq9A

Those lyrics, the dancing, the off-keyness of it all, that almost sinister sounding melody...*shudder* 




 This...hurts my soul :( 




 I assumed they meant that it was their second painting specifically using their lovely new early Christmas present set... right? 




 To be fair, Santa did die for our sins, or something...? 




 "party like a" what?! I need to know now... 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbCT5fXdhhc  




 34287edgy666me 




 Oh yes, also seconded with many of the sentiments here, some scenes/reactions/bits of acting made me wince... 




 I recently got around to watching it for the first time too. I have to say I absolutely love the aesthetics of it; I feel David Lynch really did bring something to it in that regard. The whole look and tone of it felt 'right' to me and only added to how I'd personally pictured things from the book. Different and separate from how I experience the books, but I like it well enough.

Beyond that though...yeah, "meh"..."meh" all the way, especially with all that inner dialogue. I've no doubt that a good film adaptation could somehow manage to capture all the introspection of the books but this one didn't quite.

I feel that I'll always be fond of it as an adaptation, though.
 




 "Regular Conservatives HATE HIM" 




 So nice, I can almost hear the pencil scratching :3 




 I dunno, that just sounds kind of unnecessarily expensive to me... 




 These are all so great! :D 




 Well that just sounds incredibly rude of them. Please don't take it personally, OP, or let it get you down. Feel free to PM me if you need someone to talk to. But seriously, that's on them, not you :) EDIT: Sorry yeah, also, I know it's hard to follow advice like, don't hang out with people who make you feel bad when you've no other options. But just know that you shouldn't have to put up with stuff like that just to avoid loneliness. 




 Oh God my sides 




 Yeah, I find moving about and interacting with the world helps, especially if it comes on when I'm just lying in bed at night looking out at my room. What's most annoying is that I can easily 'switch' to viewing the world like that at will and used to do it all the time when I was little, (especially during long school assemblies, making the speaker's head look tiny, like you did with your friend). For some reason it didn't bother me. Now, I feel like younger me maybe made it somehow more likely to happen out of habit or whatever, gah... 




 When I was little I didn't know "twat" was a bad word, I thought it meant "to hit".
 Ended up in quite a bit of trouble with a friend's Mum after talking about "twatting" something... 




 Yes this, happens especially when I'm tired or ill and I absolutely hate it. I went through a phase a couple of years ago where just reading triggered it, especially if the print was small. Really didn't help with my uni work but I somehow managed to shake it off: I found that I can sort of 'will' it to stop if I try reeeeally hard, or sometimes literally shaking my head or even hurting myself helps. 




 In our house we called it the 'doofer'.
Seriously though, I'm going to make it my mission to make sure my kids, if/when I have them, grow up with so many weird idiosyncratic names for things. They won't know who or what to trust for the first twenty or so years of life... 




 She's a golden long haired female Syrian hamster, I've had her since June of this summer and here she is hanging out in my slipper :p 









 I'm glad this was someone else's first concern too 




 Thanks, this is probably the only photo I have of her so far that isn't a complete blurry mess. Unfortunately it doesn't really show off her dark cheek flashes from this angle though 




 Thank you, she's got such a sweet personality too, (though I guess I am somewhat biased :p) 




 Congratulations and good luck, university can be such a great experience and I hope you end up doing what you want to do and loving it :)
May I ask what you plan on studying? 




 GUYS SHE DOESN'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT JUST LEAVE HER ALONE, OK?! 




 She's a golden long haired female Syrian hamster, I've had her since June of this summer and here she is hanging out in my slipper :p 









 I...I don't think it...matters...? "Deworming (sometimes known as worming or drenching)"  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deworming 




 Dude, get your cat wormed. 




 That looks like it would be a truly uplifting read 




 Yeah, I sometimes pick my nose a bit too much too :( my boyfriend has also stayed through my side during those times, so...relatable. 




 That sounds like an awful lot to be dealing with on your own, though it's great that you're trying. Sounds to me like you should definitely try to find some outside help on this. Maybe a professional like a counselor/therapist. 
The house issue sounds like a tough one but my best advice for that would be to just take a small area at a time, and once that area is clean strive to keep it that way. I've no professional advice to offer but pm me if you need someone to talk to :) 




 To be fair, it is a bloody good movie 




 But...but...I want to be as amused as the girls in the comic definitely totally for real were 




 I want to know what that cautionary tale was... 




 Monocular cues (cues to depth relying on only one eye) such as the ones listed in the other comments (movement, object size, texture gradient, occlusion, relative movement of your single eye etc...), are one part of the story. However the reason the world doesn't suddenly appear flat when you close one eye is also partly because you have gone through your entire life (from a certain young age at any rate) seeing the world in 3-D. Eyesight depends on your eyes but vision happens in the brain, the world is actively constructed for you by the information coming in through your eyes and even if one eye is shut it 'knows' that the world is still one of depth. This is why, even though people with one eye, or eyes that are unable to coordinate together (most commonly, for example, people with untreated childhood strabismus), can use the monocular cues to navigate the world in three dimensional space, *but they lack that subjective feeling of 'depth' and 'space' that comes with stereoscopic vision*. One famous example of someone who trained themselves to coordinate both eyes to see in depth after a lifetime of seeing the world in 2-D is Susan Barry, or 'Stereo Sue'. In her talks and book (which I recommend to anyone interested in the psychology of visual perception) she details the subjective, qualitative differences between seeing the world in monovision and stereovision. Hope that helps :)
Edit: Grammar and links - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Susan_R._Barry / http://www.stereosue.com/ 




 This whole album clobbed my bonkers 




