 i love that one! i've read it so many times! Have you read NoEnd House? thats another one that i find equally well written 




 I'll look into it! 




 that sounds really creepy? The only two Stephen King books i have read are The Dome and The Stand. But this one sounds interesting! 




 that's a great question! i really think it depends on the crime, criminals age, current mental state, etc. 




 its a haunted video game pasta, its alright, not terrifying by any means 




 thank you! i look forward to reading it :D 




 about to read it right now! 




 what is it about? 




 i've read squidward suicide and i find it really disturbing. could you send me a link to Ted the Caver? i havent read that one 




 that makes sense. I dont like to pull out the "self harm" card because i dont want to come off as unstable or attention seeking. I like to focus more on why and what is causing my depression as i know it has led to my self harm and anxiety 














 i'm so sorry that happened to you, stay strong :) 




 pray? are you personally religious? 




 that's a great idea, how can we get them to see this? 




 care to elaborate? 




 that must have sucked, at least she was discreet? 




 fair explanation. Do you think there is a way to differentiate teens from adults in this subreddit? 




 This used to happen to me a lot when i was full-out addicted to self harm and was trying to stop. I felt like i wasnt me without cutting. I've been clean for about a month now and i still get random urges to cut "for old times sake" its truly something difficult that we have to deal with 




 I was in a summer production of "Chicago" and at rehearsal i was very overwhelmed. I went back into the dressing room and used a hanger to cut two thin lines on my wrist. Once I calmed down a bit and had paper towel wrapped around my wrist, a girl from the cast walked in. She gasped as she saw the blood-stained towel around my wrist. I tried to call out and stop her but she was gone. She ended up telling everyone in the cast and i was taken out of the show, as well as hospitalized for a week for "unstable behavior" what kinds of stories do you have? 




 fair enough, i only ask because its hard to explain where my depression came from and why i have it. People always assume i'm "exaggerating" 




 i can feel the same way, one moment i'm leveled and calm, and the next i feel like curling up on the ground and not talking to anyone. Its very hard for me to get out of these situations, if its possible to remove myself i always do. It's whats best in that situation 









 I completely understand how you feel  




 thank you! I unfortunately reside in high school, so when i have my attacks within school its very hard for people to know what is going on. My teachers handle it very well, but you can't expect every person in your school to be mature and respectful towards you, you know? 




 I always feel guilty about what i do when i'm in the middle of an attack. When people try to help i always flinch away  terrified, like a wounded animal. Days later i have this lingering guilt and paranoia about what that person thinks of me now that they've seen me act this way. This only brings on more anxiety. Anyone else? 




 it just interest me, this whole subreddit interest me a lot, somethings (like this) may be a little too much for me, but many other posts i thoroughly enjoy 




 I'm aware now, curiosity got the best of me, can you blame me? 




 I wish i had a cat or dog to help me, as i know they are proven to help people with depression, but its not something that is available to me 




 This is really well done, i spent an hour or two getting through it, ive ended up exactly where i am right now. It makes me feel a little better knowing that it's all "normal"

(P.S a little part of me got attached to the kitten in the story, i think ill have to get myself one) 




 i dont know what to feel, i stumbled across this and i am a mere 14 years old. im shaking....most things dont faze me either but this....i cant even think right now.. 




 BAD VIBES BAD VIBES 









 i personally loved Toy Story 3, it was a tear-jerker for me! 









 I like my coffee like i like my women,

without a dick 




 hide and seek with you friends someone abandoned  




 i was aloud to sleep over at boys houses all my life. As long as i said i wasn't "dating" said boy i had no restrictions on where i went and where i slept. You can see how my young immature self took advantage of that 




 awks 




 I thought that "God" was always watching so i showered with shorts and a tank top on until i was probably 10.  




 no matter where you are, who you are, or what you do, there is always someone who hates your guts. 




 I wanted to be a pirate princess warrior from space

im still working out the kinks but i def working on it
 




 it really grinds my gears when i fuck bitches and dont get money 




 i do! it is that of a mouse :) 




 lets spread self love and confidence. 

i love my eyes and my sneeze! 




 my ability to help others work through their problems. 









 There are tons of amazing stories on this thread, and it kind of makes me feel a little boring. I spent my last day on my roof listening to The Strokes.  I had taken enough pills to (what i thought) end me, and i just relaxed. though suicide is not a light subject, i do admit what was supposed to be my  last day was very peaceful.  




 you could menstruate with lipstick. 




