    I've decided to come to you guys for help figuring out what’s up with my kitten. Money is too tight to take an otherwise healthy cat to the vet, but I would very much like the opinion of a professional.  She is five months old and just barely half the size of her siblings, and she has been very slow developing.  Can you wonderful pet doctors here at r/veterinarian help me out?
   
   Here's some background information: My 1  1/2 year old cat has had two litters of kittens. Her first litter was underdeveloped, half were stillborn, and some had no fur. They just didn't look like normal kittens. Unfortunately none of them survived.  Her second litter was much better, two didn't make it, but we ended up with 5 healthy kittens, three girls who we named Freckle, Princess, and Valerie, and two boys named Jake and Pluto. Valerie was MUCH smaller than the others, and also looked much different in the face regarding her facial structure. She had no problems latching and nursing, in fact she nursed the most out of all of the kittens. As the other kittens started to explore, she preferred to nap, or just sit there and watch. 
  
   The other kittens grew fast, and started eating their moms' dry food at around three and a half months, with the mother cat nursing less frequently. Valerie couldn’t chew the dry food, her teeth were too small it seemed, but she could chew wet food. For some reason the food seemed to make her bloated and constipated, so we stopped giving it to her and just fed her kitten milk replacer that she would lap up from a little bowl. She stayed the same size, only gaining a bit of weight and filling out a little bit. After researching, I began to cook for her. I fed her eggs from our chickens and ducks, fish, and occasionally chicken or pork. I would feed her three times a day. After the dietary change, we noticed her growing! She also got more active, chasing her siblings around and even spending some time outside with them.  (We live in a rural area, so our other cats spend a lot of time outside).  
   
   At five months, Valerie is just barely half the size of her litter mates. Her teeth are still small, and she can’t chew hard food.  She has hard time breathing sometimes, and she slightly wheezes most of the time.  I have also noticed she seems to have bad eyesight. She has kept the high pitched kitten-like mew, also.  Other than that, she acts just like a normal cat. She loves being held, and will follow me around and meow at me until I pick her up. She is very friendly, and a big cuddle-bug, and enjoys scaling couches and curtains, jumping, and wrestling with her siblings. She doesn’t like being outside, so she is a full indoor cat. I have spent hours searching what could be wrong with her but the closest thing I could find is pituitary dwarfism, or hypothyroidism.  
[here is some pictures of her](http://imgur.com/a/zn432/)

*edit : formatting* 




 In the second to last pic you remind me of Ariel :) love your transformation, the eyebrows are magnificent! 




 That commercial scares the shit out of me! It always seems to come on when I'm watching late at night alone with all the lights off, too. Fuck that commercial. 




 I would be trapped in a large, deep, murky body of water floating helplessly as I tried to make out the black shapes swimming around under me, getting closer and closer. 




 Well there's a radiator on under the table, so I think she's sleeping there because it's nice and warm :) 









 I thought the same thing! 




 If you have stretched ears and don't clean them, what happens is dead skin cells build up in between the jewelry and your ear which causes a rather raunchy stank. 




