 But it is an exterior wall and its above a natural gas fireplace.  Although the fire goes backwards rather than, so there is nothing behind the TV.

And do you count component or HDMI as running power?  Because I have no plans of running any sort of power cables. 




 Awesome thanks for the reply 




 [Picture of the Living Room](http://i.imgur.com/vSD1AKh.jpg)

Hey Guys,

Included is a picture of my living room.  As you can see in the picture I
have a tv over a fireplace.  My plan is to build built in shelves and
cabinets on either side.  I'd like to hide all the electronics in one of
the cabinets, and run HDMI and component cables through the wall so it
looks good.


So basically what I am trying to do is put the wall plates behind the tv,
and then somewhere to the left lower down that would eventually be behind a
cabinet.  This way I could easily plug in stuff to the tv without having to
re-run wires every time while always keeping them hidden.


So as far as I know, certain power cables need to be regulated for being
placed in walls for whatever reason.  I don't plan on running any power,
just HDMI and component cables.  Do they need to be a specific kind to be
run in the wall?  Or will what I have purchased work for what I have
planned?  I appreciate any help you can provide.  Also not sure if this is relevant but that wall is an exterior wall with insulation in it.

List of cables and wall plates I purchased for this

* [High-Speed HDMI Cable]
(http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00870ZLJ0/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s01?ie=UTF8 psc=1)

* [Component Video cable]
 (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003ZZ8EQ4/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s00?ie=UTF8 psc=1)
 
* [HDMI Wall Plate]
(http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00F3UYF5S/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s00?ie=UTF8 psc=1)

* [Component Cable Wall Plate]
(http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001HR5G18/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s00?ie=UTF8 psc=1)

Thanks for the help guys 




 I want to do it as the alpine system leaves something to be desired.  However I would like to put Tuffy lock drawers underneath the front seats.  I wonder if it would fit under the backseat. 




 So what do we think, would this [cold weather package](http://www.amazon.com/AAA-Severe-Weather-Road-Kit/dp/B00EBT7ZBI/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top?ie=UTF8 colid=1XLTYKTXP4S5U coliid=I2KXCMELIRU3KZ) suffice?  Thinking about buying it for my jeep. 




 Ok some quick questions how quickly does registration fill up?  I see it is limited to 100 vehicles so when does that typically fill up?

As of right now my 2013 Wrangler Unlimited Sport is completely stock.  I have intentions of adding mods to it but have no idea what if anything will be done between now and this event.  Will it be able to handle the trail stock?  Or should I focus on some specific mods like skid plates between now and the event? 




 So your saying you have an NSX for sale? 




 Christ they don't make it easy to find the website do they?

the website is www.traxion.me to make it easier for everyone. 




 I hope I am posting in the right area, I looked at other subreddits and this seems to make the most sense.  I close on my house on July 2nd and have big plans to make it my own.

I want to do such things as put up a wood fence, build a custom desk that is built into the wall, for two things off the top of my head.  I am sure there are many more things I will need tools for but what are the basic things to get started?

Also I think it would make sense for this to be on the sidebar, or some sort of getting started DIYer list.

EDIT:  So far thanks for all the responses I was a little concerned this would come off as a newb question and get downvoted to oblivion but so far some really helpful info.   




 That's so simple that's brilliant.  Totally makes sense but I in all honesty never would have thought of that. 









 Revelation 21:4
A beautiful scripture :)

 
























 Ha, not the first time someone's said that 




 I wish that was the case 




 No more like small north eastern state school of about 800. 




 Haha couldn't be more opposite of a school  




 Like picking up after a person who weighs 180 









 Can you make these into backgrounds? 




 Number one is so obvious but so easily ignored.  I'm in the process of creating a startup and all the books and articles you read focus on growth and don't really mention retention.  The fact of the matter is you need both. 




 Don't care didn't ask.

Edit:  maybe if I had posted is this a good place to put my tv your opinion would have been relevant. 




  \_()_/, I'm not sure of what the specific insulation is, but it isn't very knew.  It looks sorta like stuffing, so I wouldn't be cutting through plastic building wrap, and I think i could sorta stuff it back in.  I suppose the next question though is should I? 




 I honestly have no clue.  Is this the point I call an electrician? 




 Definitely going to copy you. 
























 I recently had a post that went viral where I showed my St. Bernard the day I got him and exactly two years later.  It's been fun having friends from South Africa to California message me to say they saw the picture on such and such website.

I'm definitely trying to learn lessons on it so that I can use that in the future to promote my startup.  For the time being I haven't been able to connect the dots of how to correlate the success of a post about a St. Bernard to a P2P storage website, but I am sure there is something in there that I can use. 




 4 to 5 cups a day.  It isn't as much as people think 




 6'0 225 




 Luke's a redditor  




 Or OP purposely changed shirts for this pic... 




 You forgot who's walking who?  And Is that Beethoven?   




 _ 




 _ 




 If you had one before you know the answer to that question  




 It was he chewed on it a year ago 




 Yes to both 




 Yes that's exactly how it works 
























 I'm no gun expert but done a little pistol shooting.  A shot like that to hit the guy in the window would be incredibly difficult.  Never mind having so one shooting back at you. 




 Some options I think they should have added this year without too much redesign are a rear view camera, available on Cherokees and Grand Cherokees and the heated steering wheel.  I know some Jeep purists might be annoyed with that suggestion but I test drove the Cherokee and the heated steering wheel was a feature I never knew i needed. 




 It isn't minor, if you are going to order new, get what makes you happy.   




 I've been on my phone all weekend and wanted to give you a good answer typed out on my computer, since you took such a keen interest in my business.

1. You would bring stuff boxed or packaged the way you wanted your self.  

1. You would have to determine that ahead of the time with the person you were renting from.  Each owner would have different comfort levels, some might be ok with daily access, some might want to be there when you are there.  Some might give you a key, others might not.  Expectations need to be set ahead of time to ensure the storage area is a good fit for both host and tenant.

1. Well prices will be set by the host so they can rent it for what they deem is worth their time and energy.  The other thing that I really want to tout is the flexibility of this service.  So say you have something you need to store, but you don't need or want to rent an entire storage unit for it.  Such as seasons things.  Some examples that come to mind are snow tires, or summer tires, or a Jeep hard top.  While storing say 4 tires for a winter might not make you much money, lets say 50 bucks for 5 months.  You could store 10 sets of tires in your garage for those five months earning $500 bucks.  Because you might live in an apartment and not want to store your tires in your apartment but also not rent a storage unit for 50 bucks a month just for tires.  Does that make sense?

1. You obviously can't store things that are illegal, simple as that.  I don't have the exact terms and conditions figured out.  But I imagine self storage units already have terms and conditions regarding that and I could probably copy that for my company.

Let me know if you have other questions. 




 We can't compete or rather won't compete with them on wages.  They are overpaying him on wages.  It is too bad because I thought he'd be a good addition to the squad but hardly end of the world. 




 What up fellow Turbo X Sport Combi brother 




 It's the punchline you dolt  




 My buddy said that on the boat today so that really cracked me up 




 It reminds me of the Adirondacks at sunset from the Vermont side of Lake Champlain.  Whatever it looks like it looks awesome.

How long did it take and how hard is it to do?  I'm thinking this would be awesome for my home. 




 1. I don't understand what you mean by how you hold it?
1. Well that is a gray area i am working out.  Sorta the same deal that is going on with Airbnb if say someone slipped on my driveway and broke my arm and sued me I could be liable.  Currently homeowners insurance in some cases will carry over to a certain amount to your possessions stored elsewhere but not the full amount.  I would probably have to offer some sort of 1 million dollar guarantee like what Airbnb does.
1. Yes, just like airbnb, this isn't for everyone but just go on craiglist and see that people are seeking places to rent and store things.  I had 4 fake craiglist posts up for different types of properties going for about a month and half.  I had about 88 e-mails inquiring about the space.
1. Again I point to Airbnb, because these things can happen in that scenario as well.  However what Airbnb has as a huge selling point is the background verification and review system that incentives people to be honest.  I am a huge airbnb host and make a lot of money doing that.  I could go in and steal my guests camera or computer and sell it for a few hundred bucks.  But I won't 1. because I am an honest person but 2. even if I wasn't I can make $2,985 max each week renting out properties.  So even if I did steal and make a couple of hundred bucks off of it, a bad review where they mentioned theft in my home could cost me way more in the long run.  I imagine the same would be true of storage and trust. 




 physical storage like self storage but at peoples homes.   




 Storage, at least ~~taunts~~ that's my hope.  I'm building a storage p2p site as we speak.  Hope to have the basic site launched in two weeks.

Physical storage 
























 I liked the comments, especially this one

This par for the course with this new generation we are in big trouble, they dont care about what the government is doing to this country. We have a lot to say being a former Marine , on my surprise about so much disrespect of the generation behind us. We as citizens and Veterans have to protect our memorials , we need to police them and make sure they are not destroyed or defaced for any reason. If we do catch or observe anybody Doing any thing to our memories we will deal with them ourselves.


I think every generation thinks the ones below it are the worst people to pop out of a vagina. 




 I agree with your suggestions don't agree that he can't be black.  I also don't think Elba would fit, but that's more because I think the role is for someone with a suave confident demeanor.  Elba to me or at least the characters I'm familiar with him playing are more a restrained aggressiveness ready to be unleashed, if that makes any sense. 




 I thought you were taxed based on where you played not who you played for.  So playing for the Dolphins their would be 8 home games that would be tax free and if you played away at Houston that would be tax free.  But if you played New England or Buffalo you'd pay those states taxes. 




 Yeah, I thought that sounded like a solid turnout.  I couldn't do that with the internet today! 




 The smell was so horrible.  I tried to get a gif of the maggots crawling all over it as we scooped it up and put it in the bag but my cohort was too quick for me. 




 Damn I guess people didn't like your comment 




 Oh you... 




 Then I guess I die?  Not sure, I swim with friends so hopefully they could save me.  Shit happens, can't prevent every single possible scenario that might kill me? 









 Because most of us can swim and a life jacket is very cumbersome.  If I'm tubing or wake boarding or jet skiing then yes a life jacket makes sense.  But if I'm chilling on a 24 footer it isn't as necessary. 




 Agreed 




 I believe

I believe our fans don't understand the rules 
























 So there was a precedent, I don't see the same precedent for Ideis, however I believe he is a very talented actor so if he proved me wrong I wouldn't be surprised. 




 He was pretty suave in layer cake 




 While true it's in Chryslers best interest for their dealers to treat their customers right so they don't get pissed off and buy another brand. 




 So I thought this was a spoof of a Carly Rae Jepson song, putting tom hanks in the place Carly would be, not the actual video minus the music.  I don't understand the original music video at all after watching it.  Why use Tom Hanks?  I'm confused. 




 That's some solid train of thought.  Don't surf for 2-3 weeks or endure pain for 8 months. 




 It's a long shot op but I decided today I want to quit my Seo job and work freelance.  If you are interested shoot me a pm and I can share my resume and background with you. 




 His wording is fine your comprehension is lacking.   




 It's the common problem with really any sporting goods store.  Carry a lot of everything but not enough of one thing.  Their soccer selection is just horrible. 




 Damnit I really am a c section baby, I feel like less of a human. 




 I'd like to think so. 




 So you're a father now, congratulations. 




 Squirrel, Vermont  
























