  Americans don't vote for welfare programs,

Not really. The vast majority of those programs were created long ago. How many have been created in the past decade or two?

However, Clinton in the 1990s did *repeal* Americans' right to cash payments for poor people (welfare), a right that was in place since the Great Depression.

It's pretty clear why we continue to have food stamps and other programs to assist the poor today. It's not because of our two corrupt ruling political parties -- and certainly not because of American voters -- it's simply because if the rich people who control/fund both of our political parties removed those programs the poor would literally rebel.

 they don't give to charity,

We certainly do. We have millions of caring and moral people. But that has little to do with global warming.

 they don't help their neighbors?

Sure we do. But one could easily argue there is an element of self-interest in helping your immediate neighbor. Either way, your points are on more of a micro scale, whereas global warming issues deal with macro economics and an international scale.

On the issue of global warming, it's clear we -- our *government* as a whole -- are greedy, heartless bastards. One only has to listen to VP Gore's blunt talk about the US being the country which seeks to *undermine* international treaties/actions to deal with global warming to understand that. 




 Considering that I named several wars in that reply, I cannot differentiate what 2 you're referring to.

But guessing, I'll just point out that both the war on Iraq and the war on Afghanistan were *both* immoral wars of aggression. 




  but again required that the U.S. "prove" bin Laden's involvement first.

Isn't that only logical? Isn't that the basis on which international extradition treaties work?

Considering that the US had no diplomatic recognition of Afghanistan, the Afghans were just using common sense in dealing with a treacherous government that routinely lies through its teeth, and lies to its own people to start wars.

 "The great moral American people would rather believe government lies than to acknowledge the government's crimes and to hold the government accountable." -- Assistant Secretary of the Treasury in the Reagan administration and Associate Editor of the Wall Street Journal Paul Craig Roberts. 




  If it's so easy to "get people to stop being greedy," 

Who said it was easy? I said it was the "real trick" -- you're misrepresenting what I said and building a [straw man](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Straw_man) argument to highlight that Americans live unsustainable lifestyles, far richer than the vast majority of the rest of the planet.

And then you use that straw man to argue that capitalism is the solution, a point thoroughly refuted and destroyed by many, for example Naomi Klein in her [recent book](http://www.amazon.com/This-Changes-Everything-Capitalism-Climate/dp/1451697384/).

 Once global climate change impacts the ledgers of the wealthy, then the world will turn against it.

Again, it already is doing that. The point you are missing is that modern capitalism is very skilled at turning a profit, even turning a profit on tragedies of a massive scale (e.g. Hurricane Katrina).

What is costly for the insurance industry, for example, is a profitable boon for other industries (e.g. construction). Again, the core of the problem is our lack of empathy towards others, and the greed-based, anti-social, short-sighted me-first attitudes that capitalism indoctrinates us with. 




  I want my government to defend me from Muslim Terrorism.

You're in luck then -- because despite what our lying government says, there is no serious or legitimate "threat" to Americans from the Muslim fundamentalists/terrorists that the US government has been working with, supporting and allying with for decades.

For example, you're far more likely to be murdered by right-wing domestic terrorists in the US than you are by some Muslim fundamentalist. 




  If the most powerful countries break their treaties, then how can we expect anyone to keep them?

We logically cannot.

As a veteran, this is the real crime of Bush adopting outright torture as a US national policy (and of Obama refusing to prosecute Bush and his torturers) -- in every future war, if someone tortures US soldiers, we have no logical or moral right to complain.

The US holds no moral high ground. We are just another war-loving empire operating on the moral basis of "might makes right". That may make us feel good since we're militarily strong, but eventually there will be hell to pay. We can only hope that others are more compassionate than we are as our nation's economy erodes and we become weaker.

Since many Americans do operate with a core set of values of logic, justice and morality, this also means that our immoral government has to resort to more and more propaganda and lies to con the American people into supporting our wars and international aggressions. We're on a downward spiral towards barbarism.

 "If certain acts of violation of treaties are crimes, they are crimes whether the United States does them or whether Germany does them, and we are not prepared to lay down a rule of criminal conduct against others which we would not be willing to have invoked against us." -- Justice Robert Jackson, Chief of Counsel for the United States at the post-WWII Nuremberg War Crimes Trials, and later US Supreme Court justice. 




  Bush screwed up invading Iraq, Obama screwed up leaving too early.

Two points:

* Obama is wrongly credited for leaving Iraq. Obama actually left Iraq on a timetable and agreement negotiated and agreed to in 2008 by Bush. That agreement called on US forces to leave by 31 December 2011.

* Before leaving Iraq, Obama worked the entire summer and fall of 2011 trying to bribe and arm-twist the Iraqis into keeping some US troops in Iraq. The Iraqis, who actually hate us for destroying their country and society, used the issue of legal immunity of US troops in a status of forces agreement to force the US to leave according to Bush's timetable. The Iraqis played their hand brilliantly and forced us to leave. Thus, Obama had no choice but to leave by 31 Dec. 2011 or to "reinvade Iraq" (a ludicrous idea). 




  The War on Terror is far fom over. 

The war on terror is a sham.

We've used Muslim fundamentalists for decades, starting when Jimmy Carter used them in a diabolical strategy to deliberately provoke the USSR into sending troops to aid a progressive Afghan government that was under attack.

We've allied with Muslim fundamentalists in Bosnia, Chechnya, Libya and other places -- we've used those gullible fools as our proxy soldiers.

Today we're arming/training Muslim fundamentalists in Syria to attack the secular (but independent!) Syrian dictator, and when those same Muslim fundamentalists cross over into Iraq we rename them and declare that they're the core of evil in the world.

That declaration is laughable. It's the US government and our immoral, unprincipled policies of war and aggression that is the core of evil in the world.

Wake up and smell the coffee. You're being conned by both parties of a lying government.

 "Let's replace the word 'democratic' by 'with us' and the word 'terrorist' by 'against us'." -- Michael Collon. 




 Shhh! If you point out things like that people may learn that it's the US that refuses to end the Korean War.

And we may learn that the North Koreans have offered to swap their entire nuclear program (with North Korea rejoining the NPT, which they withdrew from after we attacked Iraq and labeled NK a member of the "Axis of Evil", and accepting IAEA inspectors) in return for the US agreeing to end the Korean War and assurances of not attacking North Korea, but that we rejected that offer.

After all, keeping tensions sky-high on the Korean peninsula not only gives us troops and bases near China, but it also functions as a way to keep US influence and control over the economic powerhouse of South Korea. Without those bases, tensions and the fear created by North Korea, South Korea may start thinking it's actually independent and adopting policies that the US government doesn't like. 




  We got saddam, he didn't have any wmd. I count that as a success 

Propaganda alert! Let's bring in some *facts* -- some "inconvenient truths" -- into this discussion. The entire WMD claim was a *deliberate* lie to attack Iraq with our goal being to control Iraqs oil!

The US Congress openly talked about using Iraq's oil money to pay for the US war of aggression. Bush's former Secretary of the Treasury went on TV's "60 Minutes" showing secret maps of Iraq divided up amongst western oil companies and Bush floated the idea of prosecuting him for revealing the secret maps. The war was about oil -- not WMD -- plain and simple.

We knew in the 1990s when the head of Iraq's WMD military-industrial complex defected to the US and reported to the Clinton administration that Saddam Hussein had ordered him to destroy the entire military-industrial complex, a task that he stated he did, that Iraq had no WMD. (Saddam Hussein later had him executed when he was stupid enough to return to Iraq.)

In 2002 the Downing Street memo clearly stated the British government's views that they knew the US was inventing the WMD claim as propaganda and was using it as the moralistic rationale to wage a war of aggression on Iraq.

In 2003 we had UN weapons inspectors operating inside of Iraq for *months,* operating unhindered, directed by the US, and those weapons inspectors found nothing!

Those weapons inspectors were ordered out of Iraq by Bush, who then gave his famous "get out of Dodge" speech and gave Saddam Hussein and his sons 48 hours to leave Iraq or the US would attack. We then *treacherously* attacked before the 48 hours was even up.

Again, the entire WMD claim was *not* some sort of "mistake" of "bad intelligence" -- it was *war* *propaganda* which was deliberately created to con a gullible American population into supporting an evil, immoral war of aggression.

 "To initiate a war of aggression, therefore, is not only an international crime; it is the supreme international crime differing only from other war crimes in that it contains within itself the accumulated evil of the whole." -- The chief American prosecutor, and later US Supreme Court justice, Robert H. Jackson at the post-WWII International Military Tribunal at Nuremberg which tried Nazi war criminals. What did the US do to Iraq? 




 We've known the solution if we bother to objectively and critically examine our own history.

Did we think that Teddy Roosevelt was joking when he said, "There can be no effective control of corporations while their political activity remains. To put an end to it will be neither a short nor an easy task, but it can be done."?

Controlling corporations and stopping the privatization/corporatization of the US military, making the US military *public* again and disbanding the vast majority of our standing military, eliminating hundreds and hundreds of our overseas military bases is what needs to be done. (In short, ending the American empire and working to restore the republic.)

But with the 2 corrupt, corporate-funded political parties that rule the US as effectively and as completely as any dictatorship in power, it's going to take something along the lines of a revolution to accomplish those common-sense goals.

 "I spent 33 years and four months in active military service and during that period I spent most of my time as a high class thug for Big Business, for Wall Street and the bankers. In short, I was a racketeer, a gangster for capitalism." -- USMC Maj. Gen. Smedley Butler, winner of 2 Congressional Medals of Honor. 




   It was doomed to fail the moment it started.

Exactly. Countries who start wars of aggression *should* lose them. Countries who commit torture on a mass scale -- unapologetically -- are inherently illegitimate.

Afghanistan is a war of aggression. Our lying government claims it was fought over Bin Laden but Afghans offered to turn over Bin Laden both before and after 9/11.

Every day that goes on with our evil military waging war in Afghanistan is just another day with more needless deaths. The majority of Afghans have wanted all foreign troops out of their country for years.

It's long past time our corrupt, war-loving government "declared victory" and we leave that country that we destroyed.

Sadly, just like after we destroyed Vietnam or Iraq, our greedy, immoral government will probably not apologize and will refuse to pay reparations to the nation that we destroyed.

 "To initiate a war of aggression, therefore, is not only an international crime; it is the supreme international crime differing only from other war crimes in that it contains within itself the accumulated evil of the whole." -- The chief American prosecutor, and later US Supreme Court justice, Robert H. Jackson at the post-WWII International Military Tribunal at Nuremberg which tried Nazi war criminals. 




 It was. And it was reported (though wildly under-reported).

Back in about 2004-5 the US Army's War College (the military academy where generals and higher ranking officers go to get an equivalent to a PhD in military studies) did a study and reported that *both* Iraq and Afghanistan were "strategic defeats" for the US. Thus, the War College called the wars very early.

But remember, that is *good.* Countries who wage wars of aggression and who unapologetically torture and commit war crimes *should* lose.

 "To initiate a war of aggression, therefore, is not only an international crime; it is the supreme international crime differing only from other war crimes in that it contains within itself the accumulated evil of the whole." -- The chief American prosecutor, and later US Supreme Court justice, Robert H. Jackson at the post-WWII International Military Tribunal at Nuremberg which tried Nazi war criminals. 




 Good point, but that only scratches the surface.

How many TV/radio/mass media programs honestly talk about Afghanistan?

How many of them *consistently* talk about the waste of US money, the corruption of the puppet Afghan government we installed? How many of them honestly talk about the fact that the Taliban have controlled the *vast* *majority* of the country for years and years? How many of them talk about the US effort to pacify the south (Obama's big move early in his first term) was a complete and utter failure?

And how many of them say that the *majority* of the Afghan people want *all* foreign troops to leave the country?

The militarists of the US claim that we "lost" Vietnam because of the mass media's reporting. In Iraq and Afghanistan our mass media has been exactly what the government wants -- cheerleaders who parrot US government talking points and who barely offer up one word of opposition.

But instead of this causing "victory", we instead just believe the lies. The problem is that the lies have no relationship to *reality* and *reality* trumps all.

 "Propaganda is to a democracy what violence is to a dictatorship." -- Noam Chomsky. 




 True, but remember, this impacting people around the globe *already.* (Bangladesh flooding, Pacific islands/nations already being evacuated, etc.)

We live in a capitalist country. American culture teaches us to worship money and greed.

I would argue that the real trick is getting people to stop being greedy, to abandon capitalism and to start caring about the welfare of other people. 




 We don't have to wonder about who's getting paid -- anyone with a clue knows that.

Back in the 60s and 70s state colleges/universities were essentially free -- between Pell Grants (now those grants are much reduced and eroded by inflation) and a part-time job just about anyone could afford to go to college. The state higher ed systems of CA and TX were stellar (and cheap), and those systems greatly benefited their states.

Capitalists and bankers worked long and hard to change the system -- much lobbying money (legalized bribery) was spent over many, many election cycles to create the system of [debt peonage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debt_bondage) that we have today.

*Both* of our plutocratic political parties that are funded by the rich and their corporations would fight tooth and nail against going back to the old system, no matter how fair it was nor how well it worked. The reason they would oppose this is just what you said -- it's all about who is getting paid/profiting from student loans/debt.

 Between 2000 and 2009, earnings for grads with just a bachelors degree fell by 15 percent. Yet public college tuitions rose 63 percent. -- Paul Solman (2010) Malemployed College Graduates Cope with Discouragement. PBS Newshour, December 6. 




 Wouldn't you say just about anything to distance yourself from that plutocratic nut case? 




 Like many dailykos articles, this one takes a valid point and spins it into a he-said/she-said debate about Republicans and Democrats.

The point that the Republican Party relies on the support of racists has been clear for decades. Nixon's "Southern Strategy" to garner the southern white opposition to Civil Rights was a diabolically brilliant example of realpolitik. Since that time the Republicans have worked hard to keep the support of white racists and have constantly struggled to pretend not to be racist -- it's a tricky move but they've been successful if you look at the electoral map of the south.

In many ways it is exactly the same as the Democrats' fake support for labor. The Democrats pretend to support labor and to "talk union" but then in office they carry on an anti-union, neo-liberal agenda that makes capitalists thrilled (see Obama's broken promise to support the EFCA for one recent example).

The dailykos article ignores that in some ways racism a moot or evaporating point. With whites in the US fast becoming a minority and "minorities" becoming a larger and larger percentage of the US population, even the subtle, coded racism of the Republicans is doomed to fail in the long term (unless they want to openly advocate some sort of white supremacist apartheid system).

 The fact that South Carolina lawmakers finally united in a vote to help end that festering wound could have been a triumphant moment for Republicans and Democrats alike, not to mention the nation.

This is absurd. The flag was a symbol. Removing a symbol is nice, but it does very, very little to actually address the *systemic* problems and centuries of racism in the US -- in spite of the spin that NPR and our corporate mass media puts on the flag issue.

This still leaves us with the reality of the 2 political parties that rules the US as effectively and as completely as any dictatorship: *Both* of the parties are corrupt to the bone, one is center-right and the other far-right, and *both* are capitalist parties whose primary interest is in representing the rich capitalists that bankroll the respective parties. And we have centuries of experience that capitalists *love* to use race as one of their core divide-and-conquer strategies. 




 Were the victims at the event paid actors? 




 At least the military is clear that they don't give a rat's ass about the Geneva Conventions, international law, and the "rules of war" -- you have to give them a little credit for at least being honest.

 It is the militarys position that the shift to jacketed hollowpoint (JHP) ammunition, which more efficiently transfers energy to the target and which presents much less of a risk of over-penetration, is more humane and less of a risk to innocent civilians downrange in modern combat where there are often no clear front lines.

This is just mind-boggling. The dishonorable bastards will say anything to do what they want. 




 Additional reporting/details: [here](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/jul/8/california-legislative-panel-approves-minimum-wage/) or [there](http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2015-07-10/california-governor-s-fiscal-adviser-opposes-11-minimum-wage). 









 The article is a very good read -- independence and a refusal to bow to the US is what the US opposes, be it in Iran, China, Russia or anywhere else.

The title could be a bit better though. Conquer implies a complete takeover. The US does allow its vassals a *little* freedom of action on minor issues just to placate the natives and to allow our quislings to claim they're in charge of their countries.

Of course, conquer also implies complete destruction -- see Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria, etc. -- which is the primary thing that the US is *really* good at. 




 Why the focus on Cheney? Why isn't the focus on "the Decider" -- Bush?

Would the focus on Bush indict our entire, corrupt, war-loving government and *both* of the political parties that support our criminal wars? 




   but air strength is a serious factor that drives global power and military trends,

I don't know what that's supposed to mean, but I do know that US air power has not meant the US wins most of its wars.

Did all the jets and techie toys help the US to win our wars on Iraq or Afghanistan?

Even bombing the hell out of Libya for 6 months did not do much until our Muslim fundamentalist proxy ground troops managed to murder Gaddafi. 




 Coincidence or Corruption?

Easy answer: Corruption.

The hard part is that this corruption is *systemic* to the 2 political parties -- *both* of them! -- that rule the US as effectively and as completely as any dictator. *That* is the issue we have to deal with! 




 Does anyone else appreciate the irony (hypocrisy?) of the NYT reporting that psychologists functioned as de facto promoters of literal war crimes? Pot calling the kettle black? 









  The fact that everyone is biased does not make everything said untrue.

I never said that they reported untrue things -- you're putting words in my mouth.

Like all skilled propaganda organs, NPR typically lies by omission and spin. Only crude propaganda outlets lie by outright lies which can be proven untrue. And only fools use strongly worded, overt propaganda that raises red flags of its target audience. The best propaganda is subtle, so subtle that it slips by the defenses of its target audience. This is what NPR does -- subtle and with many omissions.

As a disabled vet, I thought your two examples of NPR's "good" reporting about the mustard gas and the VA hospitals were comical and a classic illustration of what I said above.

NPR says with faux shock that the VA broke its promise to the mustard gas victims. But do they reference the years of denial by the VA of the claims of Vietnam-era Agent Orange victims? Of course not. Does NPR state the *fact* that the VA medical system has been used by the US government to conduct medical experiments on unwitting veterans in *every* *decade* since the 1920s? Would such a fact be in NPR's background to a story? Of course not! Such context likely would cause Americans to be outraged and to know that we have *systemic* problems, that our government is simply *brutal* and that it doesn't really care about veterans (other than rhetorical lip service, of course).

In the story about veterans returning to a "broken" VA system, the entire story focuses on "wait times". But does NPR cover the issue that the entire goal of the VA is to "heal" veterans so they can be pushed out onto the for-profit corporate medical system that Obama shoved down the nation's throat? That the VA's mission is in many ways *not* to give care, or to give care in such a way as to pressure people not to use the VA? Of course not. NPR actually spins the crimes committed against Agent Orange vets that I mentioned above into a slight positive in this article, and they did it in the typical NPR fashion by using a selective quote from a non-NPR source (thus maintaining distance and so-called objectivity) -- utterly *brilliant* propaganda! (I never said these people were not highly skilled at what they do -- they are.)

These types of *systemic* issues are not dealt with by "all things considered", nor is the conspiratorial angle that those "decades-old problem" of wait times may indeed be a *deliberate* *strategy* to accomplish the goal of pushing people out of the VA system and to reduce the massive costs (literally *trillions* of dollars) of the VA's promise to veterans resulting from our many wars of aggression. Again, spin and deception by omission.

But hey, if you believe in NPR and all of its rhetoric, just keep believing in the organization.

NPR will lull you to sleep and eventually you may come to believe things like NPR saying that the deliberate *torture* that we inflicted on countless people in our wars was really just "abuse" or "enhanced interrogation" -- lies by euphemism that NPR repeats endlessly day after day even after Obama admitted that we tortured "some folks". As the old saying goes, "It is not possible to awaken those who only pretend to sleep."

 "The chief problem in historical honesty is not outright lying. It is omission or de-emphasis of important data. The definition of 'important', of course, depends on one's values." -- Historian Howard Zinn. 




  What president does that quote belong to?

This is why I downvoted the post -- while loosely on the same topic, the cartoon is different from the post's headline. I was commenting on the headline. 




 The Greek people have already spoken twice -- they elected Syriza to fight the EU's austerity, and again when the Greek people voted in the recent referendum.

Tsipras needs to man-up and do what the Greek people are telling him. Either that or he should resign.

If Greek defaults and leaves the EU capitalists in both the US and Europe will work to make the Greek people pay dearly. Iceland was an aberration -- a tiny country who surprised everyone by resisting the economic orthodoxy of neo-liberalism. Iceland got away with resisting austerity and the rule of foreign banks, and suffered only briefly before bouncing back strong.

The capitalists of the west will work hard to make sure Greece does not enjoy the same soft ride -- such renegade countries set a dangerous precedent for the capitalists who advocate neo-liberalism. 




  Do you listen to much NPR?

Sadly, yes. For actual news there are not any alternatives where I live.

 Because they routinely do what you're talking about. They do have hard-hitting investigative journalism.

We clearly have a difference of opinion. I see NPR as merely supporting the status quo and position of the government and big business. FAIR and others have reported that NPR and PBS have more current and former government officials than many other sources, sometimes even those clearly on the political right.

When it comes to militarism and foreign policy, NPR is just as gung-ho as the rest of the US mass media.

On domestic issues they offer some criticism, but they never deal with systemic corruption nor offer any coherent criticism of the corruption inherent to capitalism.

For issues like this oil disaster, NPR has or will quibble over the lies about the amount of spillage, they'll offer up emotional stories about dead birds and such to mindlessly pull on our heartstrings, and they'll celebrate government legal victories or cash payments as some sort of systemic change which solves the problem.

But NPR will rarely deal with BP's long history of murder and their shoddy environmental record, nor will they ponder how to address those issues. And they will *never,* *ever* deal with the fact that our corrupt government works hand-in-glove with corporations to cover these things up and to quickly exit them from the news cycle.

 Their funding structure is markedly different from what you suggest, as well

The fact that roughly a third of their budget comes from gullible people who believe in NPR doesn't mean much to me.

I liken it to Obama's bragging about how much money he collected from individuals during his campaign: When it comes down to actual *policy* who gets listened to and who calls the tune, who is going to have their concerns heard and addressed -- the many individual people contributing a $50 or $1500 pittance, or the government who can regulate them out of existence and/or the corporations/foundations who write the big, fat checks? One only has to critically examine NPR's coverage to see/hear the answer.

 "The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow very lively debate within that spectrum." -- Noam Chomsky. 




  This is in contrast to what I heard on NPR, that they are taking new precautions.

Two thoughts come to mind:

The first is the government papering over the issues that caused the 2008/9 financial crisis. We passed a law or two to placate the public, and the entire unregulated derivatives market chugs on waiting for the next disaster.

The second is to consider the source: NPR. While NPR offers soft, objectively-spun criticism from a liberal perspective, we should never forget that NPR is funded by the US government and corporations (and a few people who contribute to their never-ending fund drives); thus NPR will *never* tackle our deep-seated issues of systemic corruption or question the fundamental growth-based mindset or morality of capitalism. 




 To answer your question, no, I don't think so. (On the topic of this sub-reddit, I would be more concerned with some of the anti-Jewish rhetoric featured here. That goes well beyond anti-Israeli government issues and well into raw anti-Semitism.)

In the case of this post, you have a president of the US stating bluntly what he thinks.

And is it really different 100 years later? Did we forget quotes like:

 "You mean to tell me that the success of the economic program and my re-election hinges on the Federal Reserve and a bunch of fucking bond traders?" -- President-elect Bill Clinton, upon being briefed that Wall Street runs the US economy and that he was powerless; 1993.

or

 "And the banks - hard to believe in a time when we're facing a banking crisis that many of the banks created - are still the most powerful lobby on Capitol Hill. And they frankly own the place." -- Illinois Sen. Richard Durbin, May 8, 2009.

Sure, we do not have the proverbial "smoking gun". But conspiracies -- literally more than 1 person breaking the law or carrying out their agenda -- very rarely have smoking guns.

Do you think these guys were just joking? Or is more likely, that we simply refuse to accept the truth because that would force us into a hard decision, a choice of:

* Shutting up about capitalism and its corruption, and just accepting things as they are.

* Or organizing with others and starting the *massive* task of fixing things, knowing fully well that the changes that have to be made are not mere "reforms" but are systemic or revolutionary in nature.

As the [old Navajo proverb](http://dissidentvoice.org/2015/07/those-who-pretend-to-sleep/) goes, "It is not possible to awaken those who only pretend to sleep." This begs the question of whether we are asleep or are merely pretending to be asleep. 




 You have to love the background to this. In their zeal to be "first" and to go on to the "next story",  the mainstream mass media almost always ignores details of such new stories and focuses only on the sensationalistic and jingoistic elements of the story.

After all, that sensationalism and jingoism is what sells, right?

This dynamic is what caused Thomas Jefferson to rightly observe that "The man who reads nothing at all is better educated than the man who reads nothing but newspapers." 




  It reminds me of when they started taking lead out of everything in the US and the crime rate plummeted.

Could that be possibly related to the fact that Reagan went on a *massive* incarceration kick that continues to this day, Clinton's campaign to put a 100,000 new cops on the streets, and similar campaigns -- all leading to the fact that today the US leads the world by far in the percentage of people in prison? (The US incarceration rate was much lower in the days of leaded gasoline.)

If the claim of the link between lead and the crime rate is indeed true, then we should have seen large drops in the crime rates of other countries that worked to eliminate lead, and non-drops in countries that still use large amounts of lead today.

Correlation does not equal causation. 




 Corporations spend billions of dollars on advertising, employing countless PhDs and using large quantities of focus groups and studies to determine the best gimmicks to deceive and/or to manipulate customers/consumers.

Do you think this double entendre is an accident?

Nope, it's just a clever ruse to generate sales and corporate profits. 
























 With gay issues largely eliminated by the recent Supreme Court decision, the 2 parties that rule the US have to preserve *some* [wedge issues](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wedge_issue), right?

If not, people might notice that *both* of our ruling parties are war-loving, civil liberties-stomping, pro-corporate, right-of-center capitalist political parties who don't give a rat's ass about average or poor Americans. 




 Is this surprising? This is the "[Starve the Beast](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starve_the_beast)" strategy. It's been advocated and used by the far right to privatize/corporatize government for decades. They're now doing the same thing to public education.

From the point of view of capitalists, public ownership of anything is an error; why have publicly-owned services/institutions when you can have privately-owned for-profit corporations?

 "Theres class warfare, all right, but its my class, the rich class, thats making war, and were winning." -- Warren Buffett, the 2nd richest man in the world. 




  So what about Sanders? 

I hope he does well. He's clearly superior to any of the other Republicans or Democrats running.

But with that said, there's not a snowball's chance in hell that Sanders will win the Democratic nomination. Once upon a time, Sanders was a sort of socialist. Today he's nothing more than an old-school 60s-style liberal.

The rich people who fund the Democratic Party will simply not allow such a candidate to be nominated. The Democrats tolerate Sanders now because they'll use him to rope in gullible progressives and young people into supporting the Democrats. Then 1/3 or 1/2 way through the primaries, the big corporate money will roll in and they'll choose Hillary or some other Democrat that will push their wars and pro-corporate, neo-liberal agenda.

By the time the actual Democratic nominee runs against the Republican nominee, Sanders' rhetoric and whatever influence he had on the Democratic nominee during the primaries will be forgotten. Those gullible young people and progressives will then be expected to hold their nose and to vote for the pro-corporate Democratic "lesser evil" and try to forget that they're still voting for evil.

That's the way our 2-party dictatorship works. 




 Well, if that winds up to be true, it's time to dump Iceweasel too. 




 To answer your question, I don't know. But I do know there were protests by some Texans to the crimes committed by Bush.

Increasingly, on issues of militarism, the surveillance state and foreign policy in general, more and more Americans are seeing that there's not a dime's worth of difference between Republicans and Democrats. They're both war-loving parties aggressively advocating further expansion of the American empire, no matter how much it impoverishes the American people. 




 An incoherent cartoon.

The first 5 panels should be huge anvils, larger anvils than in the 6th panel.

The cartoon is propaganda because at no time did the EU/Troika intend on rescuing Greece. The 6th panel is accurate because Tsipras sold out and went against the will of the Greek people and finally accepted the EU/Troika's austerity (albeit in a slightly smaller form).

 




 It should not be surprising that Russia is responding to the US' aggression and low-level warfare.

The Nat'l Endowment for Democracy[sic] is nothing more than a US government front corporation used to fund dissidents in targeted countries and to destabilize them. Every country on the planet should kick the NED out if they actually want to claim to be and remain sovereign.

The question I have for the other corporations that Russia intends on kicking out is if they receive $0.01 of money from the US government. If so, then it's a no-brainer that they should be kicked out too. So-called NGOs that receive government money are simply not *N*GOs. 




 Ahh, the old conspiracy smear.

Do you deny that the US government lies like I said above? Do you deny that they have committed unapologetic torture as a national policy and now refuse to enforce the laws and int'l treaty and to prosecute the criminals?

It's absolutely stupid to take the government's word about military and geo-political matters -- stupid!

Again, Texans' objections could be easily rendered moot simply by embedding reporters in the military units -- so why is the government not doing that? 




  Theyre not inviting any media to embed with the units, said Johnston, and its important for Americans to step up and look around and say, OK, what are you doing? Well, its secret. Not if its in public  its no longer secret.

Our evil government *routinely* lies to the American people and the world. We've seen they will lie to start wars, they will lie about spying/surveillance on Americans, and we've seen that our government will unapologetically commit the most heinous war crimes. Thus, it's only logical for people to be suspicious of these military exercises.

 In this hysterical climate  and given a lack of detail from the army  outlandish claims have proliferated.

That's not surprising, is it?

The government could easily blow away these outlandish claims by embedding journalists with the military units doing the training. The fact that the government is not doing this *should* raise suspicions. 




 Iceweasel. The current "stable" version of Debian's Iceweasel does not have pocket in it, and I would be shocked if it is in any released version.

Debian's militant free-software attitude can on occasion be a PITA -- but far, far more often it's a blessing! 




 Yet another reason to dump Firefox.

Firefox was great in its time, but that time has passed and Firefox has now fallen into the category of non-free software chasing money as its top priority. 




 Parliament still has to vote on this, right?

It's time for the Greek people to rise in protest against this neo-liberal sellout and to put pressure on their parliamentary "representatives" to kill the deal no matter what Tsipras agreed to.

 Syrizas betrayal has not only landed Greece in an even more nightmarish economic position, it has generated enormous confusion in the working classa dangerous situation that will only strengthen the fascist Golden Dawn party and facilitate preparations by the military for a possible coup.

*This* is the real risk... :( 




 Fences/walls seem like a logical solution, and sometimes they have some short-term success, but their primary function is their strong emotional appeal for the wall-builders.

History screams that humans are very good at breaching walls and the wall will fail in the long term.

Just ask the Chinese how successful their wall was at keeping the Mongols out, or how successful the US' southern wall is at keeping Mexicans out. And yet this story is about a 490' test wall? Good luck with that Hungary...

 Fast fact: More people died in the *first* *year* along the US-built wall on the Mexican border than were killed in the *entire* *history* of the Berlin Wall. 




 Here's another "when" question...

We've seen Reddit's corporate response about censorship (even though the corporation has changed figureheads).

With the rampant, routine censorship that happens on Reddit -- *especially* on the very popular sub-reddits (news, politics, worldnews, etc.) -- censorship that has a clear pro-US/pro-western slant, how long before we can admit that this is far more than just a problem of a few rogue "moderators"?

One would think that the entire upvote/downvote system would be the "censorship", with moderators doing little more than killing overt spam.

But that is not the case -- instead the moderators are actively twisting rules to outright censor articles based on political views, all while Reddit claims ignorance and blames things on the "liberty" of the moderators and uses a "freedom excuse" of "just go start your own sub-reddit". 




 How long before we can openly admit that, just like the fact that we have used Muslim fundamentalists as US proxy soldiers for decades, the US is behind ISIS and is merely using ISIS for short-term geo-political purposes?

Can we admit the obvious now? Or do we have to wait a few years until Time or the NYT "breaks the story" long after it no longer is important? 









  While the U.S. waged a war in Vietnam 50 years ago with 2.7 million men conscripted from every segment of society, less than one-half of 1% of the U.S. population is in the armed services today  the lowest rate since World War II.

We should be clear about why this happened.

We no longer have a military made up of a rough cross-cut of citizens of the country. Today we have a form of Praetorian Guard -- an elite, privileged military force with little relationship to the country the military claims to serve.

The US government ran into *heavy* opposition to its immoral war on Vietnam. We all know about the anti-war protests here in the US, but in the actual military itself anti-war resistance was *huge*. This included not only the killing of gung-ho officers by US soldiers ("[fragging](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fragging)"), but all sorts of other resistance. The situation became so bad that in 1971 the Pentagon counted 503,926 "incidents of desertion" since 1966 and reckoned that more than half of US ground forces in Vietnam openly opposed the war.

Think about that -- *half* of the (mostly conscripted) US soldiers in a war zone *openly* opposed the war. That's an astonishing fact and clearly hints at a possible mass rebellion. (The documentary "[Sir! No Sir!](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0469589/)" on this topic is *definitely* worth watching.)

So what was the solution?

The Pentagon chose to adopt the exact same strategy/tactic used by the British Empire -- the "professional" army. This was openly and candidly discussed in military journals of the immediate post-Vietnam era.

So the US abandoned the draft of its citizens, increased military pay a bit, started massive advertising campaigns, and created a volunteer military.

The volunteer military is more expensive, but it yields two distinct advantages to our war-loving politicians:

* The first is that the soldiers volunteer for their duty. This means the military can easily squelch most dissent in the military simply by reminding soldiers that they volunteered.

* It means that fighting unpopular wars does not generate anywhere near as much public opposition as is generated by fighting wars with an army of conscripts. (And today we have the unending wars and experience to prove this!)

These are huge advantages. And they avoid some of the "problems" of an army of conscripted citizens.

For example, when the Egyptian people revolted against their US-backed dictator, we saw the disadvantage (or *advantage*?) of an army of conscripts -- the soldiers refused to fire on the peaceful protesters and the dictator fell from power. Later, when the US-backed/armed/funded Egyptian military overthrew their new elected government, the military had to use special elite units who would follow orders to slaughter the civilian supporters of the elected government to enact a reign of terror on the civilian population.

One problem of the imperial "professional" army is lightly touched on by this article: the military is far more distant from the people/country it claims to be "serving".

We see this happening today in the US. People give faux polite deference to the military and its soldiers, but we really don't care what those soldiers are going through. This is only common sense, since deep down many Americans know that the sacrifices of US soldiers have nothing to do with serving our country, but the military instead functions in reality to seize markets, complete corporate conquests and to wage imperial struggles decided by our out-of-touch political class.

The sad thing is that we know where this all leads. Anyone familiar with the history of the Roman Empire should know about the deteriorating republic, the economic decline, and the rise of rampant militarism followed by the seizing of power by tyrants.

But of course, we're a "exceptional" country. We're immune to history and human nature -- right? Right?

 "I spent 33 years and four months in active military service and during that period I spent most of my time as a high class thug for Big Business, for Wall Street and the bankers. In short, I was a racketeer, a gangster for capitalism." -- USMC Maj. Gen. Smedley Butler, winner of 2 Congressional Medals of Honor. 




 Are you aware that this story is about Yemen, which is quite a distance from Palestine? 




 One has to laugh at the embedded propaganda in this article.

For example, if Thailand was doing something the US approved of, there is no way the author/editors would have called the Thai government a "military junta". 




 Greece is officially not a sovereign country, and the Greek people know that it is certainly no "democracy" where the will of the people count.

Instead, Greece is ruled by unelected capitalists.

Tsipras should resign in disgrace, and if not, the Greek people should riot until he flees office. 




 Doesn't selling tainted heroin directly and negatively impact other people? Thus, your analogy is highly flawed.

Greedy capitalists have imported foreign labor for well over a century to make themselves richer. Today greedy employers eagerly seek out and employ undocumented workers to maximize their profits, and they are literally breaking the law when they do that.

But yet rather than prosecute the rich heads of these criminal enterprises, our corrupt government instead go after the "little people" who are just seeking to work, take care of their families, and to improve their lives.

We see this over and over again with our corporate-controlled government -- the rich are blessed and are essentially untouchable, and the poor are persecuted and oppressed.

Another example of this is the recent financial/housing implosion and crimes. Banksters committed massive frauds, almost destroyed the entire country's financial system, crimes that resulted in sinking our economy into a deep recession and causing *millions* of Americans to lose their homes.

But yet what do we see? We see simple class warfare at work.

We see our corrupt attorney general cutting backroom deals with criminal banks. No banksters go to prison for their massive frauds and the anti-trust laws are ignored and not enforced. And recently, the corrupt attorney general gets his payoff -- by taking a high-paying position with a law firm representing the criminal banks that he worked to protect. Again, just another example of our corrupt government refusing to enforce the laws against the rich and instead allowing poor people to be screwed.

You can call it "justice" to persecute some immigrant seeking to work to take care of his family, while ignoring the big-time criminals who are exploiting that immigrant. But do not expect others to swallow this warped view of how our country works.

 "Theres class warfare, all right, but its my class, the rich class, thats making war, and were winning." -- Warren Buffett, the 2nd richest man in the world. 




 We're a capitalist society and worship greed and our economy.

The NGOs aren't really cashing in, it's more like they're making their jobs permanent and ensuring continuing funding for their corporations.

 "Bureaucracy defends the status quo long past the time when the quo has lost its status." -- Laurence J. Peter. 




 It doesn't matter what the law says the penalty is about hiring undocumented immigrants -- like our anti-trust laws, our corporate-controlled government simply refuses to enforce the law. Hell, in some cases the US government actually warns the corporation/employer in advance (so they can clean up their act and get their books in order) and then sweeps in to arrest the undocumented workers who are just trying to work and take care of their families.

That's what we're supposed to call "justice" here in the "land of the free".

 "All the props of a democracy remain intact - elections, legislatures, media - but they predominantly function at the service of the oligarchy."  Richard Wolff 




 But why bother to clone the dinos -- haven't you seen Jurassic Park and learned they're fraught with problems?

[There's an easier solution...](http://imgur.com/gallery/x85F3gU) 




 NPR: National Propaganda Radio. 




 Or perhaps the lesson should be that the apartheid regime should stop its ethnic cleansing/land thefts and follow international law and withdraw from the territories it seized in a war of aggression in 1967 and illegally occupies to this very day? 




 Two reasons immediately come to mind:

* Nationalistic indoctrination. We're indoctrinated to be skeptical about "conspiracy theories" and anything that is highly critical of the US government. This nationalistic indoctrination starts when we're young and comes at us in a gazillion ways, some overt and many subtle.

* The fact that the rich people that own the US corporate mass media^1 who are under-reporting this story are the same people who control *both* of the political parties that rule the US, and the same people who profit from US wars and control our economy.

Footnote: 1 -- Note that this article is from a British newspaper, not an American one. While I have no doubt the NYT probably reported this story, the NYT will both bury the story on its inside pages, spin the story and put the essential/damning facts at the *end* of the article where few will read them. Those are typical ways the US corporate mass media under-reports or "buries" a story. 




  There are good journalists and journalism you know.

Sure, there are good journalists. But every single human on the planet has varying levels of bias -- it's inherent to us and the way our brains work. Just something as simple as our core values introduce bias. And these biases result in varying amounts of spin in the writing of journalists.

I see The Economist as a magazine that typically puts a pro-capitalist and pro-western subtle spin on its articles. You might see it differently.

Either way, facts don't lie. We need to take the time to think, be skeptical, and to separate spin, nationalism and bias from the facts, and to then analyze only the facts reflected against our own core values. 




  If it was as simple as making it free, there wouldn't have been so few people attending college during the 60s and 70s.

Remember the times. Then the gap between the rich and poor was much, *much* less than it is now -- thus, a college education was less important. Also, good-paying, lifetime manufacturing and blue-collar jobs were in abundance -- again, a college education was less important.

Also, colleges and universities then had semi-hard requirements for entrance; a stark contrast to today where colleges basically will enroll anyone with a pulse and a HS diploma.

 Costs didn't start to explode until universities became heavily subsidized and more people could afford to go. 

It's more than that. Colleges have *always* been heavily subsidized.

The student loan/debt peonage system completely divorced tuition costs from economic reality, thus allowing colleges to go hog wild with new buildings and frills that are barely related to education.

The debt peonage system is banksterism gone wild.

For example, when I was a tenure track college professor I was shocked at what happened to the grading system. The "D" grade was essentially eliminated, and I had to have a very, very, very good reason for flunking a student. The reason? Because financial aid and student loans required a "C" average. The college (and I saw this at multiple schools) was simply shifting the academic standards to match where the money was coming from -- non-profit does *not* mean "immune to financial incentives/realities".

Watching clueless young college students get cash "kickbacks" from the student loans they were taking out was simply disgusting to me. They had no clue as to what they were getting themselves into. Dirt poor -- but rich in student loans -- working-class students paying outrageous costs for off-campus apartments, going on Caribbean vacations, and other similar luxuries simply made no economic sense in any sane world.

But that is the reality of the debt peonage system that our corrupt government created. And instead of changing or "reforming" the immoral system, instead the government expanded student loans to include *for-profit* colleges! Corruption and private profit: it's capitalism's way!

 "Students who acquire large debts putting themselves through school are unlikely to think about changing society. When you trap people in a system of debt they can't afford the time to think. Tuition fee increases are a disciplinary technique, and by the time students graduate, they are not only laded with debt, but have also internalized the disciplinarian culture. This makes them efficient components of the consumer economy." -- Noam Chomsky. 




 The Germans *have* *to* humiliate and punish Greece. They have to set an example for countries like Italy and Spain, which also chafe and gripe at the austerity inflicted on them by their German banker overlords.

The entire Euro system is an abomination. It gives capitalists and banksters massive power and authority, but the common people are not represented in any real way. For those reasons, the Euro is undemocratic and we should be hoping the entire system collapses. 




 Good! Putin's position is right. It is absurd to the point of insanity that if India wants to trade with Brazil that the trade has to be done in US dollars.

That's not independence; that's not sovereignty. That is the US having a de facto financial empire. 




 It's amazing that our mass media describes Tsipras as a "leftist."

Just nationalize the banks -- problem solved.

 "I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies...The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the Government, to whom it properly belongs." -- Thomas Jefferson. 




  Why did Obama honor that when the generals on the ground told him it's not safe?

Because to violate that *agreement* would have clearly shown that the US is a pariah, outlaw state that treacherously breaks international agreements. We are that, of course, but for Obama to break that agreement would have *screamed* that fact aloud, screamed it so loudly and so plainly that no moral/honest person could argue otherwise.

Obama wisely decided to cut his losses and to abandon our immoral war of aggression. No big deal, it just meant losing another war; we've had quite a few such losses.

 Yeah, he should've ignored that contract, that's what a good leader would do

Do you not have a shred of honor, truthfulness, morality or justice?

The only "good leader" that did such things was named "Hitler" and he is considered to be the literal epitome of evil.

 "If certain acts of violation of treaties are crimes, they are crimes whether the United States does them or whether Germany does them, and we are not prepared to lay down a rule of criminal conduct against others which we would not be willing to have invoked against us." -- Justice Robert Jackson, Chief of Counsel for the United States at the post-WWII Nuremberg War Crimes Trials, and later US Supreme Court justice. 




 I asked a simple question that could be answered with either "yes" or "no".

Instead of answering the question, you ignored it and went on to claim people opposed to the war are an "extreme minority".

That is lying propaganda. Even CNN had to admit 2 years ago that the "[Afghanistan war arguably most unpopular in U.S. history](http://politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com/2013/12/30/cnn-poll-afghanistan-war-most-unpopular-in-u-s-history/)."

The rich people who fund and control both of our ruling political parties have not learned a damned thing from losing the wars in Vietnam or Iraq. Rather than cutting our losses, declaring "victory" and leaving the disasters we deliberately created, our government is continuing to run up debt (largely to China and Japan), to saddle our children and grandchildren with more taxes and debt, and to impoverish the country.

Extreme minority my ass. We just don't see the views of the American people reflected in the corporate mass media's news reporting. Considering that the rich people who control our political parties and fund our politicians are the same rich people who own the mass media, this is hardly surprising.

Have a nice day.

 "Of all the enemies to public liberty, war is perhaps the most to be dreaded, because it comprises and develops the germ of every other. War is the parent of armies; from these proceed debts and taxes...known instruments for bringing the many under the domination of the few...No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare." -- James Madison, Political Observations, 1795. 




  Lol yep we should have just said oh too bad!

   Well, that's your suggestion.

   I would have publicly produced the evidence of Bin Laden's involvement (assuming we actually had evidence), and had Bin Laden tried in an international court for the whole world to see.

   Considering the fact that Russia was critical for years in allowing NATO to supply our troops in Afghanistan (especially during the time Pakistan refused to allow US/NATO supplies across Pakistan), it is highly likely that the Russians would have supported an international force under UN auspices to go into Afghanistan to deal with our former Muslim fundamentalist allies.

   But we did not do that. We decided to invade multiple countries and bankrupt ourselves.

 Thank fucking God people like you weren't in power on 9/11.

   Are you saying that turning the entire Middle East into a feuding hellhole, invading Afghanistan and causing allies like Italy to leave the country in disgust with the US, *wasting* thousands of American lives, *countless* Afghani and Iraqi lives, and wasting *trillions* of dollars on fruitless wars of aggression was actually a *smart* move?

   Those wars you celebrate have ruined our economy, have impoverished the American people and have shat whatever moral high ground we had down the toilet. Today the people of planet earth [see the US as the #1 threat to world peace](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/01/02/greatest-threat-world-peace-country_n_4531824.html).

   This should cause one to ask who are the *real* "patriots" and who are the *real* "anti-Americans".

 "In the future, I want my children to grow up with the belief that what I did here was wrong, in a society that doesn't deem that idea unpatriotic." -- 22 year old US Marine Alex Horton. 




  Can anyone explain this to me? 

Sure. It's the same dynamic of people citing the BBC, PBS, NPR, Voice of America, the CBC or any other state-sponsored media outlet.

*Every* media source applies spin. Some spin is overt, easy to spot and it raises our red flags (e.g. FOX News). Other spin is very subtle, seemingly objective, it bypasses our defenses and it is much harder to spot (e.g. NPR or the BBC). But the fact remains that *all* media sources apply spin.

RT is quite open about their spin -- bluntly saying they report news from the "Russian perspective". RT runs commercials using John Kerry's statement about RT being a "propaganda bullhorn" to highlight their bias.

We'd be a god-damned fool to assume that PBS or the CBC does not similarly spin news and report the news from the perspective of the governments that are funding them -- fools.

With that said, the issue becomes this: Separate the spin from the facts. Then ask yourself if the facts are true or if the media source is *lying.* 




  What if we started our own conference for our community on reddit or our own light political group?

A conference oriented around a for-profit corporation based on advertising.

Hmm...

Wouldn't it be better to work organizing your friends and neighbors in your real-life city, and working with other existing socialist/leftist groups? Wouldn't that have far more potential for *real-life* political impact and change?

Reddit might be fine for the moral support of a "choir", but online activism is essentially a diversion with little or no political impact.

 We could have the mixed democratic grouping of left perspectives that the American left has never had.

In the hey-day of the US Socialist Party, Eugene Debs got 6% of the vote of the American people in one election. Then came WWI and following the war the "Red Scare" and suppression of the Socialist Party, including everything from imprisoning socialists to American Legion goons burning down party headquarters in some cities.

Perhaps your first task is to get familiar with actual US history...

 American history to be proud of: On Christmas of 1971, Vietnam Veterans Against the War seized the Statue of Liberty for 48 hours and draped it with a banner demanding "Bring our Brothers Home." 
























 The government has to keep up the fear factor in order to keep Americans scared.

Can you think of a better way of keeping up support for the US' never-ending wars compared to manufacturing these "terrorism" cases?

 "In the past our politicians offered us dreams of a better world. Now they promise to protect us from nightmares." -- [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/3755686.stm) documentary "[The Power of Nightmares](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The+Power+of+Nightmares)"  




  Saudi Arabia spends 13 times more money on its defense than Iran does. But somehow Iran, and not Saudi Arabia, is seen by the US as the potential aggressor.

Wow, just wow. 13 times. How many Americans would think the exact opposite is true?

We live in a bubble of propaganda. 














 By keeping the focus on poor Mexicans seeking to sneak across the border to work in the land we stole from Mexico in the 1840s, the capitalists that run and control the US economy stop people from wondering why all of our jobs are moving overseas.

Immigration has been an effective scapegoat and [wedge issue](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wedge_issue) since the ["Know Nothing" Party](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Know_Nothing) of the 1850s. And it still works today...

 "Theres class warfare, all right, but its my class, the rich class, thats making war, and were winning." -- Warren Buffett, the 2nd richest man in the world. 




  If you want to complain about the global elite

What? I never said a word about any global elite.

You're either putting words in my mouth or are jumping to wild conclusions based on your own stereotypes or erroneous thinking. My post was clearly focused on the US.

 Also your solution of "join the national guard"

Again, you're putting words in my mouth. As a veteran the last thing I would ever do is to suggest someone join our nation's war machine. My suggestion of the *Peace* *Corps* is pretty much the opposite, but its point was to answer the OP's question.

Have a nice day. 




  [Lubuntu] but lacks some of the fancy features modern OS design has gotten us used too.

Can you or anyone expand on that? TIA. 




 Oh, so we're supposed to ignore the impact of lobbying, FDR's famous observation "In politics, nothing happens by accident. If it happens, you can bet it was planned that way.", economic motives and incentives, and pretend that this system of debt peonage arose by accident?

 "Theres class warfare, all right, but its my class, the rich class, thats making war, and were winning." -- Warren Buffett, the 2nd richest man in the world. 




 Agreed. If Barry wanted to be a crackhead that's his business. We should copy Portugal's successful model and decriminalize *all* drugs.

The only thing I'd have against Barry would have been the hypocrisy of his police department arresting people for doing the same thing he was doing. 




 True, but with the mass media teaching people that accepting charity and government assistance is both degrading and bad, that sort of shaming may work on people with some sort of guilt complex. 




 That "evidence" was later found to not only come from Israeli sources, but was proven to be BS.

Currently, all dozen-plus US intelligence agencies unanimously agree that Iran has no nuclear weapons program and that has been their position for years and years.

But yet Israel -- which has hundreds of nuclear weapons and which has *not* signed the NPT -- cries wolf non-stop about Iranian nuclear weapons. 




 Join the Peace Corps or some other program/institution that will wipe out the student loan debt.

Other than that, have him bend over and smile because he's about to be sodomized by our bankster overlords who rule the country. Banksters have had our corporate-funded politicians create the student loan [debt peonage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debt_bondage) system so air-tight that there is basically no way to get out of it.

 "And the banks - hard to believe in a time when we're facing a banking crisis that many of the banks created - are still the most powerful lobby on Capitol Hill. And they frankly own the place." -- Illinois Sen. Richard Durbin, May 8, 2009. 




 Reuters' propaganda and spin is amazing:

 [training will be] likely focusing on issues like tactics and combat medicine,

"Tactics" sounds innocuous enough, and who can complain about training medics who save lives?!

Meanwhile, the fact that we funded the overthrow and arranged a coup d'etat of an elected government friendly to Russia located directly on Russia's border, a government which relies on neo-Nazi stormtroopers to stay in power (aside: those neo-Nazis are now getting restless and [have attacked the government](https://consortiumnews.com/2015/07/13/the-mess-that-nuland-made/) at least once), goes completely unmentioned by Reuters.

Instead of facts, Reuters gives us speculation and Pentagon talking points. :( 




 The amount of raw propaganda that people accept about Iran as true is astonishing. For example:

 Knowing that they're allowing inspectors into the country, I think it'll be hard to say Iran is trying to hide anything at all. 

But the US government *already* claims Iran is hiding things.

Iran signed the NPT long ago. All Iranian nuclear facilities have been under inspection and monitoring by the IAEA. That has gone on 24/7 for years and years. Previously Iran agreed to additional restrictions/inspections on its monitoring which are above and beyond what any normal country (e.g. Brazil, Japan) undergoes.

The controversy is that the US wants to inspect Iranian military facilities based on US *claims* that they're doing nuclear things at those facilities. Iran's position has been the normal position by NPT signatory nations that inspections only happen to facilities with nuclear materials.

Iran has a great deal of logic in resisting the US demands. According to former USMC officer and the head of UN weapons inspectors in Iraq, Scott Ritter has bluntly said that during the 1990s the US and Israel used UN weapons inspections to spy on the Iraqi military in clear violation of all international agreements. Ritter admits that he committed these crimes under US orders and his misplaced loyalty to the US government. This spying resulted in Iraq dragging its feet and hindering the weapons inspections because Iraq did not want its military spied on. The US government lied about the spying, accused Iraq of WMD skulduggery, and used Iraq's foot-dragging as an excuse to bomb Iraq.

With that history, it is completely logical that Iran does not want its military facilities inspected by the US using a ruse of nuclear inspections. But the Iranians swallowed this and the agreement has a panel that is supposed to decide whether the US gets to inspect various facilities when our war-loving government inevitably demands additional inspections. 




 At the time of this writing the post is 2 hours old. I wonder how long it'll be before the TIL moderators twist one of their rules or invent some reason to censor this post. 




 I don't get it -- what's that got to do with finance?

And it's just a damned "conspiracy theory" that the tower people were manipulating the villagers into building the tower for them...

/s 




 Don's a diabolical genius at milking free publicity, isn't he?!

But then again, should we expect anything less from a reality[sic] TV star? 




   since it is the long standing, mature democracy.

We're not a democracy, we never have been. We're a republic.

Our propaganda systems preach we're a democracy, but that just is not true. For example, the American people only got the power to vote for our Senators around the time of WWI. And as I said, we still do not elect the US president as the recent 2000 election showed (in that election, more of the American people voted for Al Gore compared to George Bush, but the US' ruling class wanted Bush in power, so the Supreme Court issued a warped ruling to do just that; and that wasn't the first time a US president was put into office that way).

The sad thing is that we're losing our republic. Today the US government breaks whatever laws it wants to with impunity. Our Bill of Rights has been shattered and is routinely violated.

Last year a group of researchers from Princeton University did a study and reported that the US was actually an "oligarchy". (I would argue some sort of plutocratic oligarchy, but the difference is trivial.) This study got a fair amount of media publicity, which was surprising (see [this](http://www.commondreams.org/views/2014/04/14/us-oligarchy-not-democracy-says-scientific-study) or [that](http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27074746)).

 But can you tell me where can I read more about this?

Okay, I'll take "this" to mean the problems with our electoral system, ballot access, and vote rigging/suppression. This is the tricky part. Off the top of my head I cannot think of any good books on the topic (though there are no doubt some).

Problems with our electoral system are *many.* But the big problem is that the issue is ignored by the corporate mass media. The media reports each instance individually, but they never put the individual instance into a greater context, and they never examine the system as a whole. After reporting on each incident, the media will then quickly move on to other news stories/infotainment.

People that do examine the electoral system as a whole and point out flaws are typically labeled "un-American" and are smeared as "radicals" or "conspiracy theorists" or some other disparagement.

But here are a few ways the electoral system is biased and rigged:

The plutocrats who control both the Republicans and Democrats work to make the entire electoral system as expensive as possible. This is done in many ways. Politicians have to pay for airtime on the corporate mass media -- thus, it is nearly impossible for candidates to get name recognition and publicity unless they are successful in begging for money. Presidential campaigns now cost over $1 *billion* -- and so we do not see candidates that are not approved of by the rich. Just the raw costs to simply get on the ballot in all 50 states costs well over $1 million -- again, a way to eliminate candidates that are not acceptable to the rich.

Even if a candidate gets on the ballot, they're still discriminated against. On election night, rather than treating all candidates equally the corporate mass media only reports on Republican and Democratic presidential candidates. Other so-called "third party" candidates (that "third party" label itself carries a type of bias which implies they're somehow an outsider or illegitimate candidate) have to wait days or weeks to just find out how many votes they got. For local elections, the discrimination is not as great, but the same trends and attitudes apply.

Ballot access is a major problem. Republicans and Democrats work to make it hard for candidates to get on the ballot, even for local elections. They claim that this is to prevent non-serious "frivolous" candidates while ignoring the fact that anyone has a *right* to be on the ballot. And the bottom line is that even in states that have relatively easy ballot access rules, they're not overrun with "frivolous" candidates. One way the 2 ruling parties restrict ballot access is to pass laws requiring a huge amount of signatures to get on the ballot, and that those signatures have to be collected in a very short time. This means that only a large, organized group can even attempt to get on the ballot. Another way of restricting ballot access is to require high fees from the state to check the signatures that have to be collected -- again, a way of using money to restrict ballot access.

In the post-Vietnam War era, the US passed a media access law that said that all candidates have to have equal media time. This is why today on our TVs we see the opposing Republican/Democratic party response after the president makes a speech. However, our corrupt courts have interpreted that law to apply to only Republicans and Democrats -- third-parties are ignored.

Even if a candidate gets onto the ballot the electorate is discriminated against. In many states, people who live in wealthy areas typically wait in line to vote for only a few minutes. But in poor areas, the wait in line to vote is often *hours* -- this is simply a way of biasing the vote. We have a long, dirty history of suppressing people's right to vote. We used to use everything from voting taxes to reading tests to discriminate and to deter poor people or black people from voting. We invented the entire system of "voter registration" in Pennsylvania to prevent/suppress uppity farmers from voting. But those old heavy-handed ways of suppressing people's right to vote have largely disappeared.

But as I said, we have a long history of this and it still goes on. Today many states are enacting requirements for people to have certain identification cards to vote -- a simply tactic to deter a percentage point or two of people from voting. (Intelligent voter suppression does not use heavy-handed methods; it rigs the vote using only small-but-significant percentage.) But the story is the same: The people being targeted for voter suppression are poor people, blacks and other minorities.

Give me some time to think about it and if I think of any good resources/books I'll add back to this thread.

 "How to get people to vote against their interests and to really think against their interests is very clever. Its the cleverest ruling class that I have ever come across in history. Its been 200 years at it. Its superb." -- Gore Vidal 




 Yellow dog Democrats might love the idea of regulating a Republican's deceptive ad. But that is a very slippery slope and when the karma comes back they'll scream.

Politically, there's no way the country would swallow regulating political ads -- the free speech implications are enormous.

What we should be doing is enforcing the truth in advertising laws on corporations. The Supreme ~~Corp.~~ Court has determined there is a difference between "political speech" and "commercial speech" and that we can have far stronger restrictions on the latter with no 1st Amendment concerns.

Thus, we should eliminate the concept of "puffery" that allows corporations to literally lie in their advertising, and to *strictly* enforce our existing truth in advertising laws.

Perhaps a decade or so after that is enacted we could talk about dealing with the ads of lying politicians... 




  Much of South Africa remains divided along racial lines, a stubborn legacy of apartheid government policies that forced black people to live in the worst areas while whites were handed the prime real estate.

Much of this "stubborn legacy" is due to the immoral deal that Mandela cut with the racist apartheid regime.

The key part of this deal was that the white racists gave up every government ministry *except* the finance ministry.

Refusing to give up control of the finance ministry meant whites were still in charge of the South African economy. This meant that the decades of ill-gotten economic gains, economic gains from an immoral system of near-slavery and racism, were protected and kept by the white racists.

The economy of South Africa today is *still* controlled by whites and their corporations, and that history is the reason for this "legacy" and is why millions of black South Africans still live in dire poverty today.

 "A nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but its lowest ones." -- Nelson Mandela. 




 The post-coup Ukrainian government needs hard cash to continue to wage war on their rebellious people and to consolidate their shaky control over the country.

More neo-liberal economics aren't going to make the Ukrainian people happy, though it will make the billionaire oligarchs of the government ever richer. 




 Someone hire PBS a graphics artist! That's a crude and vague map. 




 Note how the rightist Washington Times focuses the story on unsubstantiated claims of a Russian troop buildup, a simple ruse to spin the story away from the real news -- that the neo-Nazi Right Sector openly attacking the oligarchic Ukrainian government.

Clearly the real threat is the Right Sector, and [the coup government is coming unglued](https://consortiumnews.com/2015/07/13/the-mess-that-nuland-made/). Heck, the story even uses a "save the children" claim of the neo-Nazis holding a 6 year old hostage -- classic propaganda to appeal to people's emotions! 




 This entire claim of a Russian troop buildup is the Ukrainian government's way of seeking more assistance and support from the US.

As you point out, the real threat to Ukraine is the neo-Nazi nationalists that the US used to overthrow the elected government last year.

Grab your popcorn -- it ought to be interesting to see the fight between the oligarchic Ukrainian government and their now-out-of-control neo-Nazi attack dogs. 




 With the Ukrainian neo-Nazis now battling the oligarchic Kiev government, is our corrupt government *still* trying to blame [the entire mess we created](https://consortiumnews.com/2015/07/13/the-mess-that-nuland-made/) on the Russians? 









 Fears of further Russian aggression -- what a joke.

With the Ukrainian neo-Nazis now battling the oligarchic Kiev government, is our corrupt government *still* trying to blame [the entire mess we created](https://consortiumnews.com/2015/07/13/the-mess-that-nuland-made/) on the Russians? 




  Now, lets watch my comment plummet into a horrible fireball of downvotes.

It seems you got your wish. But look at things honestly -- is the 2nd Amendment actually doing what you claim?

Let's see how the Bill of Rights is doing:

The 1st Amendment is weakened, the 4th and 5th Amendments are flat-out ignored. Haven't you heard that all of our phone calls, Internet usage and all electronic financial transactions are monitored? The 6th and 7th Amendments are casually and frequently ignored. We routinely ignore the 8th Amendment's provision on excessive bail for even trivial crimes, and we ignore its cruel and unusual punishment aspects on everything from our government's unapologetic use of torture to the writhing prisoners dying from lethal injections. The 10th Amendment was revoked by Lincoln, so I guess that's so old that it's not news.

I'd say the Bill of Rights is in *very* sad shape -- and the 2nd Amendment is not doing a damned thing. The 2nd Amendment is doing is primarily 2 things:

(1) It gives us a sky-high murder rate that is the embarrassment of the advanced countries of the world.

(2) It gives our evil government a rationale to militarize the police and to put more police on the streets.

The 2nd Amendment stopping tyranny? Clearly that is *not* happening.

If you think that civilians with AR-15s, pistols and hunting rifles can take on the combined might of the US military and police, you're nuts. We could not overcome the British in the 1700s without French cannons, French money, French troops and French ships; we certainly are not going to overcome the US government by force of arms.

The *only* resistance to tyranny today is to organize with others -- including sympathetic people in the police and military -- and to withdraw support from a corrupt government. The people of the USSR and Eastern Europe did this, and more recently the people of Egypt (until the US-backed/armed/trained Egyptian military overthrew their elected government).

Edit: Typos, clarity. 




 But, but, but Obama!

See, everything's okay now because we have a black president -- we're beyond race! /s 




 Not being stupid, Poitras knows the real reason.

She must just want to watch them squirm and see what sort of excuse they invent. 




 Yeah, but the other articles don't feature hard hitting criticism of the corruption of football and the way billionaire owners are getting the public to make them even more money.

So therefore, the post had to go. Reddit censorship at its finest! 




  I need not be in US to follow the US Presidential Elections 2016, as closely as any US resident would follow.

By "any US resident" I'm assuming you mean the average American citizen. If so, that's easy -- just ignore the political races as much as possible. Seriously.

Fully 1/2 of the American electorate refuses to participate in our sham elections -- and that's during presidential election years. In non-presidential election years the amount of people refusing to vote is even higher.

This is due to many reasons. We have a long, long history of vote rigging and vote suppression. But the system itself is corrupt almost beyond belief. Not only does the American people's vote for president not really count in most states (by the US Constitution, the Electoral College selects the president and not the American people), but our two corporate-controlled political parties have rigged the entire electoral system.

The rigging of the electoral system is done in many ways. Perhaps the most visible is the fact that only Republican and Democratic nominees get to appear on the nationally-televised presidential "debates".

If any so-called "third party" candidates arrive at the debates (no matter how many state ballots they are on), they're simply arrested and hauled away in handcuffs just like some third world banana republic.

But we're still told we live in a democracy and the "land of the free."

 "The American political system is essentially a contract between the Republican and Democratic parties, enforced by federal and state two-party laws, all designed to guarantee the survival of both no matter how many people despise or ignore them." -- Richard Reeves. 




  Plenty of eggs on plenty of faces.

WTF? Officials should have been charged with crimes, tried and sentenced. This is simply an abuse of their office and is using/playing the taxpayers as unwitting guinea pigs. 




 Iran will preemptively strike Israel? When did the Iranians become suicidal and crazy?

What kind of drugs are the people at adbusters doing?! 




  It is true that the political deal made between the ANC and National Party to transition from apartheid had some unfair things in there, which put the new government on the back foot. For example 

OMFG! That statement qualifies for understatement of the year!

How about, *for* *example,* the fact that the white racists gave up every government ministry *except* the finance ministry?

Refusing to give up control of the finance ministry meant whites were still in charge. This meant that the decades of ill-gotten economic gains, economic gains from an immoral system of near-slavery and racism, were protected and kept by the white racists.

Mandela essentially sold out black South Africans with that single deal. The economy of South Africa today is *still* controlled by whites, and that history is the reason why millions of black South Africans still live in dire poverty today.

 "A nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but its lowest ones." -- Nelson Mandela. 




  Why was it removed?

My guess -- and it's only a guess -- is simple Reddit censorship. Reddit is plagued with censorship, it's an epidemic.

Censorship by moderators abounds in *many* sub-reddits. Something like this is directly on topic, but it is critical of the NFL in a huge, economic way which targets the corruption of the owners -- thus, it is huge target for some moderator to twist the rules so it can be censored. 




 Our tax dollars at work. Go military-industrial complex, go!

General Dynamics Inc. stock must be going through the roof! Yay capitalism!!

/s

 "In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists, and will persist." -- President (and former General) Dwight Eisenhower, Jan 17, 1961. 





























 That was tried when the South seceded.

But Abraham Lincoln revoked their 10th Amendment right to secession by force of arms.

 "If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it, and if I could save it by freeing all the slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone I would also do that." -- Abraham Lincoln, in a letter to Horace Greeley, 22 Aug. 1862. 









 Please don't cite the Iraq Body Count stats.

Their statistics count only deaths which were reported in newspapers when we know full and well that the vast majority of Iraqi deaths were not printed in newspapers.

As such, the IBC functions to *downplay* and *minimize* the crimes we committed in Iraq (this is why George Bush cited their numbers). There are [other far more realistic estimates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casualties_of_the_Iraq_War) of our carnage and destruction of Iraqi society.

 




 On the legal basis of this, just stop and think about how many peon war criminals we have in the Pentagon. Obviously not people employed as peons in a genocidal war, but flunkees and bookkeepers who engaged in our immoral war of aggression in Iraq (and other places) where we slaughtered hundreds and hundreds of thousands of people.

Hypocrisy much?

 "If certain acts of violation of treaties are crimes, they are crimes whether the United States does them or whether Germany does them, and we are not prepared to lay down a rule of criminal conduct against others which we would not be willing to have invoked against us." -- Justice Robert Jackson, Chief of Counsel for the United States at the post-WWII Nuremberg War Crimes Trials, and later US Supreme Court justice. 




 So they're saying that Israel is like the US. Not really any surprise here... :( 




 Then those families should have stopped their son or daughter from joining our country's war machine.

The problem is we value the attacking, imperial American soldiers' lives as more valuable than the semi-defenseless natives that we slaughter. And so our humanity and morality suffer. Today we're a war-loving country that not only unapologetically tortures people, but we openly shield and protect publicly-admitted torturers.

In many cases the soldiers in the body bags have it easy, as we can see by the epidemic of military suicides today (suicides outnumbering battle deaths in some years).

Do those families whose moral son or daughter commit suicide grieve as much as the family whose kid dies in battle in some far away country that never attacked the US?

 "It will be a great day when our schools get all the money they need and the Air Force has to hold a bake sale to buy a bomber." -- Women's International League for Peace and Freedom. 




  I believe Bill is quoted as saying that not intervening (or at least pushing for intervention) in Rwanda is one of his biggest regrets as President.

Spin after the fact is irrelevant. What's he going to say -- he was glad he did not intervene and thus be essentially ignoring the deaths?

The entire Rwandan tragedy in our popular culture/mainstream narrative is off. It's like pretending that the US has nothing to do with what's happening in Ukraine even though we've overthrown the government there twice in a decade.

To know about Rwanda you have to look at the politics of the various leaders of the area *before* the tragedy, the US and French role/interests in those politics, and follow an exact timeline of events. Needless to say it is a complex situation.

Bill spinning things after he's out of office is like listening to Bush talk about Iraq today. It's largely defensive spin and he'll say exactly what we expect him to say.

**Edit:** For a start on the Rwandan tragedy, [this article](http://journal-neo.org/2015/01/17/the-un-congo-offensive-a-continent-betrayed/) would probably prove to be informative and illuminating reading. 




  On what evidence do you base that?

Several factors. The first is the fact we're still fighting all of these fruitless imperial wars and creating mangled soldiers. Secondly is years of being a disabled veteran. And also as a former professor and history teacher, I'd add a firm grasp of American history and culture.

 What else are citizens supposed to do besides thank servicemen/women for their service?

I know it's a *radical* idea, but here's a thought: Perhaps force our corporate-funded, war-loving politicians to stop attacking other countries and creating veterans?

Why don't we stop being an empire and only fight wars when the US is attacked, and allow the UN to do the job we invented it to do?

We used to be able to excuse our imperialism based on an invented threat that the USSR was going to take over the world. But since the breakup of the USSR what's our excuse now? Again, why aren't we allowing the UN to do the job that we invented the UN to do? (We know the reason, because we're a rogue state and the UN won't do exactly what we tell it to do.)

Of course, that would mean the US government would have to stop seeking "full spectrum dominance", start treating other large powers as equals, and to stop trying to take over the world. That would be a big change. But the upside would be a more peaceful world and stopping the impoverishment of the American people from the debts of all of our insane wars.

 "Were the Soviet Union to sink tomorrow under the waters of the ocean, the American military-industrial establishment would have to go on, substantially unchanged, until some other adversary could be invented. Anything else would be an unacceptable shock to the American economy." -- US ambassador to the USSR and State Dept. strategist George F. Kennan. 




 Quite true.

One is imperialism that doesn't work but that doesn't upset the American people too much since we're slaughtering the defenseless natives by bombing them; and the other is imperialism that doesn't work but that upsets the American people *a* *bit* because we have gullible Americans soldiers coming home hidden in the dark of night in body bags.

Is that *really* that big of a difference? 




 Just don't call it an "old boy network" of *systemic* *corruption.* Remember, these people are "serving us."

/s 




 The thing is you or I (or the US government) don't get to make that choice -- the Iranian people do.

And as I said above, if there's one thing that history proves, it's that the Iranian people can overthrow a tyrannical government if they want to. But most Iranians (certainly not all, but enough to keep it in power) support their Islamic Republic.

Thus, we should stay the hell out of their internal affairs and let them govern themselves as they see fit. We would ask for nothing less from them if the situation was reversed. 




  republic?

Yes, Iran is an Islamic Republic.

There are many forms of republics. Iran may not be the type of republic you or I would design (hell, I would design a republic where the people at least voted for the president, something I in the US don't get to do!), but Iran is a republic nonetheless.

And whatever its faults, Iran is a huge step above a literal dictatorship like the US backs and arms to the teeth in Saudi Arabia (and other countries). 




  At least half of this country is stridently against all of those things,

As much as I'd like to agree with that, there's no way I can.

If we *stridently* felt that way, we'd be out organizing with others and protesting against those things.

Or we'd *at* *least* be writing letters to our mass media and politicians demanding they stop.

Or *the* *minimum* we would do is to refuse to vote for the 2 corrupt political parties that constantly commit these crimes.

But the majority of Americans are *not* doing those things! Therefore, I cannot accept your feel-good claim no matter how much I'd like to. We're simply too indoctrinated with nationalism, militarism and capitalist values.

So, to be honest, given our own laziness and apathy and refusal to work with other people about these issues we supposedly care about and which are impoverishing our country and bankrupting our moral values, the future I see is likely one of a spiraling decline into barbarism.

The old saying was that people had a choice of "socialism or barbarism" -- and it seems we're clearly making that choice.

 "The price of apathy is to be ruled by evil men." -- Plato. 




 You make solid points, but the real question is why should we have done all that? Who put us in charge of running the world?

We used to be able to excuse our imperialism based on an invented threat that the USSR was going to take over the world. But since the breakup of the USSR what's our excuse now?

Why aren't we allowing the UN and collective international action do the job that we invented the UN to do?

Oh yeah, I forgot. Congress in the Clinton years openly debated a bill called the "Silk Road Strategy" which called for the US to establish US hegemony in central Asia and to replace centuries of Russian influence there. And Clinton's Pentagon rolled out the idea of "full spectrum dominance" (nothing less than a plan to rule the world), and since that time we've been doing just that -- waging wars to try to seize key resources and to take over the world and to turn country after country into American vassal states. 




  Following Black Hawk Down, Bill became very hesitant to intervene in foreign affairs.

LMAO! Yeah, I guess the 8 years of *needlessly* bombing Iraq daily/weekly and those little wars in the Balkans were just examples of Bill being timid.

/s 




  because unlike most civilized countries they've actually been marching stridently in the wrong direction.

My country unapologetically tortures people, protects and shields publicly-admitted torturers, and wages wars all across the planet in a clear strategy to take over the world. Therefore, I'm not the most qualified to talk about "civilized countries".

But I will say that when countries and cultures are under attack, they often react in harsh or strange ways. 




  Forget imperialism. This is right-wing fundamentalist proselytizing.

I don't see much of a difference. Cultural imperialism is a facet of imperialism. Religious proselytizing is and has long been a key facet of imperialism.

The fact that today our key facet of imperialism is becoming "NGOs" should not diminish the role of religious proselytizing as imperialism.

 ... after finally failing to establish it here in the US.

It's well established here in the US! It may be losing ground in a lot of the US, but it's far from dead.

 "There is a story, which is fairly well known, about when the missionaries came to Africa. They had the Bible and we, the natives, had the land. They said 'Let us pray,' and we dutifully shut our eyes. When we opened them, why, they now had the land and we had the Bible." -- South African Bishop Desmond Tutu. 




 There were scenes from different neighborhoods, weren't there?

The most hostile was the one asshole who deliberately walked between the two and then got in one guy's face, clearly itching for a fight. That scene appeared to be in a more working class neighborhood with a large apartment building in the background.

I'm not defending the asshole, and another person has pointed out that Russia does indeed have a less accepting view of homosexuality than the US or UK has. What I'm saying is that in most any city you'll get a variety of responses from different neighborhoods and different situations.

And since I don't speak Russian, I'd love to know what the two guys holding hands were talking about as they were walking. That could have been another factor in the response they got.

Cultural change in a large country takes time. The change in attitudes towards homosexuals in the US has been fast over the past couple of decades, but that is due not only to the brilliance of activists, but also due to the AIDS crisis and the open support of much of the corporate mass media.

I'm guessing that Russia has very different factors at work, and our renewed Cold War against Russia and them feeling under attack from the west likely helps breed intolerance towards gays. 




 This is part of the problem -- cultural imperialism.

Rather than let various countries observe more the way other countries do things and to allow the society to willingly adopt change at their own rate, our imperialist mindset turns countries a political football for our internal politics and forces divisions in the countries themselves.

I think a good analogy is Iran and their theocratic government. If Iran had been allowed to develop themselves, they'd be a very different country and government today.

Instead, we overthrew their democratic government in 1953, backed a dictator hell bent on making the country look like the US or Europe, and the backlash from strip bars and the foreign culture shoved down Iranians' throats by the dictator resulted in a reaction that still impacts Iran today.

 "Religious suffering is, at one and the same time, the expression of real suffering and a protest against real suffering. Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people." -- Karl Marx 




 "Downtown" is a rough description. I'd guess that in a city that large you'd have a variety of different neighborhoods and areas where you'd be more likely to get different responses. 




 I do not support *legalizing* all drugs.

I *do* however, support *decriminalizing* *all* drugs.

We should learn the lesson from Portugal's successful 10+ year experience of decriminalizing *all* drugs.

Portugal has saved massive amounts of money in anti-drug law enforcement, has eliminated drug-related crime, and now has the lowest heroin addiction rate in Europe. For various other drugs, their usage as essentially the same (some rising a bit, some falling a bit).

We in the US have an epidemic of heroin use, stemming largely from our absurd drug policies and the fact that we're fighting a war of aggression in Afghanistan (the CIA always imports drugs from areas where the US fights wars).

We're way overdue to actually *do* *something* about our drug problems, and it's crystal clear that Nixon's "war on drugs" and Reagan's insane "just say no"/lock them up policies have been utter failures.

It's time to try something that will actually work. 




 That's an interesting chart and data; simplistic but still interesting. I read that as saying that a very large majority of humanity says they do not accept homosexuality.

Given I live in the US, I had no idea that the amount of disapproval was so huge. 




  Incredibly biased.

But that's the Washington Times in a nutshell. It is a far-right newspaper. Sometimes they do make a point, but the vast majority of the time they're way over the top and are just pushing their agenda.

 "the American appeaser-in-chief."

This is one of my pet peeves about history. Appeasement is often a perfectly valid and logical policy. But today it's used as a mindless political smear. Historically the policy of appeasing Hitler before WWII was fully supported by the UK, France *and* the US.

In fact, the only country to oppose appeasement was the USSR, and Stalin read the west's appeasement and refusal to form a joint anti-Hitler alliance as the west wanting to turn Hitler eastward towards the USSR. 




 To go along with this, a question:

For a user who knows what SysV's /etc/init scripts do, a basic idea of SysV's runlevels, etc., but who does *not* want to become a *nix guru, could someone suggest an "overview" of systemd?

I'm looking for an overview that gives the basic concept(s), the location of important things on the directory tree, commonly used commands -- that sort of thing. Something aimed more at a user or poweruser level as opposed to something deep and aimed at gurus or pro sysadmins.

TIA. 




 We have been deliberately misinformed by anti-Iranian propaganda for *decades.*

One example I stumbled on recently was about Iran's military vis-a-vis the Saudi military. Our corporate mass media constantly portrays the Iranian *republic* as a military threat to the entire region, and at the same time, the Saudi *dictatorship* is portrayed as sort of twisted but largely benevolent.

So answer this: Which spends more on its military, Saudi Arabia or Iran?

According to [this](http://atimes.com/2015/07/historic-iran-nuke-deal-resets-eurasias-great-game-escobar/), the Saudis spend *13* *times* *more* on "defense" than Iran does. I like to think I keep up on current events, but needless to say I was shocked.

The fact that Iranians party and that Iranian women typically wear makeup would come as a shock to many in the US. We've been deliberately misinformed to fit our government's geo-political aggressions and goals.

With that said, even Der Spiegel in this article cannot help but to spin things with the theme that Iranians are yearning to be free and to be just like the west.

If history teaches us anything, it is the fact that the Iranian people are more than capable of rising up and overthrowing a corrupt government. The west should keep its nose out of Iran, resist the temptation to fund dissidents and to arrange another US/western-sponsored coup d'etat, and to let the Iranian people decide their own fate. 




 Elitist as the guy's fares? How about as elitist as the guy himself?

Who the hell displays a CIB on the dash of his taxi?!

He's using that callous display as a way to con/guilt people out of a larger tip -- that's a disgrace to every infantryman who has ever worn the CIB! 




  Almost no one notices it, or they notice it and just don't care.

Veteran here. We don't care. And this guy is nothing special -- even if he displays his CIB (in a cab!?!) -- he needs to get that through his head.

He *volunteered* to join the military. We were never attacked by another country. His war on Iraq was based on coldly calculated lies and propaganda by an evil government who decided to wage a war to control the Middle East and Iraq's massive oil reserves. He was a gullible pawn used in a large geo-political game of empire.

That's a tough pill to swallow, but the sooner he swallows it the better off he'll be.

We no longer have a military made up of a rough cross-cut of citizens of the country. Today we have a form of Praetorian Guard -- an elite, privileged military force with little relationship to the country the military claims to serve. This guy choose to join that Praetorian Guard, what the Pentagon calls the "professional army", an army of non-conscripts deliberately created so the US government could wage unpopular wars without the public opposition (and opposition *inside* the US military) that we saw in the Vietnam War.

People give faux polite deference to the military and its soldiers (the "thank you for your service[sic]"), but we really don't care what those soldiers are going through. This is only common sense, since deep down many Americans know that the sacrifices of US soldiers have nothing to do with serving our country, but the military instead functions in reality to seize markets, complete corporate conquests and to wage imperial struggles decided by our out-of-touch political class.

This guy needs to swallow the "red pill" and accept reality. And Vice needs to stop this type of emotionally-based militaristic propaganda.

 "I spent 33 years and four months in active military service and during that period I spent most of my time as a high class thug for Big Business, for Wall Street and the bankers. In short, I was a racketeer, a gangster for capitalism." -- USMC Maj. Gen. Smedley Butler, winner of 2 Congressional Medals of Honor. 




 Oh yes, I remember reading the blather.

I particularly liked the feel-good rhetoric about his anti-nuclear claims. In the years that have passed, the US opposition no a nuclear-free zone in the Middle East and our massive spending to build a new generation of nuclear weapons, not to mention our destabilizing anti-missile system in Europe designed to negate Russia's nuclear deterrence, should have all put the lie to the claim that the US is opposed to nuclear weapons.

The Nobel committee's feeble claims of Obama's outreach to the Muslim world are also pretty laughable. Not only was Obama forced to withdraw from Iraq based on Bush's agreement and timetable, but the US-backed slaughter in places like Libya and Syria, to the US' support of the US-trained/armed/funded Egyptian military overthrowing their elected government and slaughtering hundreds of civilian supporters of that elected government, should highlight the truth that we're not interested in either peace or democracy -- except when it suits US geo-political purposes.

Let's face it, we're an empire trying to take over the world. Obama's adherence to the immoral "Bush Doctrine", and our many wars and aggressions across the globe all proves that. 




 The corruption of *both* of the parties that rule the US and our government is *systemic.* But no one seems to look at it that way, let alone do anything.

With that in mind, how should we motivate people to organize and act?

For a population raised on TV infotainment and constant remakes of James Bond movies and other good-guy/bad-guy movies, Taibbi's use of the term "double agent" in his title goes far beyond merely being "clever." Let's hope it sinks in...

 "Theres class warfare, all right, but its my class, the rich class, thats making war, and were winning." -- Warren Buffett, the 2nd richest man in the world. 




 Given the disgrace of awarding the Nobel Peace Prize to Obama, and the previous award to the war criminal Henry Kissinger, does anyone still take the Nobel Peace Prize seriously?!

Sure, to give the Prize an air of legitimacy, some deserving and honorable people working hard to advance peace are given the Prize. That's nice.

But overall, the Nobel Peace Prize is simply western propaganda. It's an award to push the geo-political agenda of the US and west. In Obama's case the prize was given to Obama for doing nothing as a way to whitewash the US' reputation after the crimes of the disastrous Bush regime. The reasons behind the advocacy of giving the prize to Poroshenko is obvious.

As sad as it is, we should accept the reality and simply ignore the Nobel Peace Prize as a propaganda tool. 




 In certain areas/neighborhoods that's most certainly true. In other areas, it would be no problem. I'm guessing Russia is pretty much the same. 




 Is anyone else saddened to know that this entire genre of music -- this "thriving rock scene" -- arose to service and entertain American soldiers during our immoral war on Vietnam? We can see the legacy of this cultural imperialism by calling him the "Cambodian Elvis."

We should be thankful that Vietnam invaded Cambodia to put an end to the Khmer Rouge's murderous regime, and we should also remember the sad fact that the US and west *supported* and armed the Khmer Rouge after they were overthrown by the Vietnamese. 









 It is a far-right newspaper from the US. This article is merely another facet of the right-wing drive to oppose the Iranian agreement.

Russia, the US and everyone with a brain knows that the European-based US anti-missile system was never about Iran. That was just a convenient lie by the US government. The anti-missile system is and was always about trying to negate Russia's nuclear deterrent.

And for that reason the US will not abandon our destabilizing anti-missile system no matter how much money it saves us. 




 *If* this is true -- that the US will dump our destabilizing anti-missile system -- then that is great news!

But let's be real. Russia, the US and everyone with a brain knows that the European-based US anti-missile system was never about Iran. That was just a convenient lie by the US government. The anti-missile system is and was always about trying to negate Russia's nuclear deterrent.

And for that reason the US will not abandon our destabilizing anti-missile system no matter how much money it saves us.

Thus, this entire Washington Times' article is off-base. This article is merely another facet of the right-wing drive to oppose the Iranian agreement. 


































 This is why there *never* will be "normal" relations between the US and Cuba -- certainly not anything like US-UK, or US-French, or US-Mali relations.

Cuba is simply independent and does not follow Washington's orders. For that reason the thaw in US relations with Cuba is not a real normalization, it's simply a tactic used by the US to achieve the US' ultimate goal -- the reversal of the Cuban revolution and the return of Cuba to its former status as a US vassal state. 




   Mods should delete this shit. 

I disagree! Deleting this filth is simple censorship. Reddit has these wonderful tools -- upvote and downvote buttons -- to reflect how people feel about posts like this.

Instead of deletion, simply downvote the post into oblivion and, if you're of a mind, add a comment on why this post is utter garbage. 




 Relevant: [The Death of Kathryn Steinle: Turning Tragedy into Racist, Anti-Immigrant Hysteria](http://www.counterpunch.org/2015/07/15/the-death-of-kathryn-steinle-turning-tragedy-into-racist-anti-immigrant-hysteria/). 




 Because our corporate mass media propaganda system preaches that incessantly as a statement of fact. It's just that simple.

It's the same thing with the claim that Iran is hell-bent on building a nuclear weapon. It doesn't matter that all dozen-plus of the US' intelligence agencies say Iran has no nuclear weapons program, the media (and government) makes the claim and endlessly repeats the false claim and millions either outright believe it or think there must be something to it.

We saw the same type of lies in other US wars -- everything from Vietnam to Iraq. Why did people believe that Iraq had WMD? Why do millions *still* believe that Iraq had WMD?

 "If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it." -- Nazi Germany's propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels. 




 And we de facto control the Saudis -- Iran is independent and does not follow Washington's orders. *That* is the key. 




 The last time I was in the UK it was still possible to find pubs that served lukewarm beer. And since we're talking about barbarism, I thought that pretty much was the definition of that word. Glad to see you guys decided to join the rest of the modern world. :) 




 Stupid woman! There's no such law. Only banks can create new money -- she's not rich enough to do that! 




  Fine, but I will also assume you are British. How does that feel?

Bad. I don't like tea or warm beer.

 So? why does it matter if it's in retaliation.

Burning buildings down is generally considered a pretty slimy, underhanded or barbaric way to fight a war -- it's not like the "honorable" task of shooting and blowing up other soldiers.

Thus, there is a difference between retaliating to barbarism with barbarism, as opposed to initiating such barbarism. 




 Seriously, you underestimate mindless American nationalism.

In the US today you will find *many* people who will argue with a straight face that the US did *not* lose the Vietnam War. Their "logic"? Because the US never lost any major battles and because Thailand, Malaysia and all of southeast Asia did not turn communist -- we really won. Complete victory was simply due to US politicians forcing the military to "fight with one hand behind its back" and the mass media/journalists undermining morale on the US home front.

Aside from mindless nationalism we excel at historical revisionism too! 




 I'm assuming you're British. The British burning down the US White House was *in* *retaliation* for US forces burning down York, Canada (York is now Toronto). 




 Our attempt to conquer (liberate?) Canada was the true start of the American empire.

Our imperial ambitions did not succeed in that war against Britain/Canada, but only a few decades later Mexico would pay dearly when we attacked and stole 1/2 of Mexico (basically, we took all of Mexico that didn't have lots and lots of Spanish-speaking, Catholic Mexicans living in it). 




  Don't know about this "elite" group you reference. Seemed to me like it was mostly the poor and misguided making up the ranks, when I was enlisted. 

Quite true. This is an elite where anyone can join as long as you're willing to accept the indoctrination and play your assigned role in your particular branch of service[sic].

 Your quote at the end suggests to me that you hold some strong opinions about the US military.

Eight years in the military and quite a bit of international experience, along with even more years of academic research, study and observation of US history and geo-politics will -- or should! -- do that to you.

 "Militaristic Propoganda" seems a bit strong, no?

No, I don't think so. In an age where we *routinely* attack other countries and our military commits the most heinous war crimes with impunity, it takes many forms of nationalism and propaganda to whitewash the morals from people's minds to allow them to passively accept nullifying our civil liberties and the military's role. This article is just one piece of one form of that propaganda. More subtle than a military flyover at a football game, but it's much cheaper and likely more effective for the people who read it. 




 None, of course. But US policies against Iraq were/are not deliberately genocidal in intention. We just don't give a damn about the loss of life as long as the US is getting its way. 




 Exactly. Bernie has the support of the people, but unfortunately the US is a plutocratic oligarchy and money buys our elections.

The big corporate money won't really start rolling in until about halfway through the primaries. And we know that cash isn't going to be going to an actual left-leaning politician with the integrity that Sanders has. That money will instead go to a pro-corporate neo-liberal who will then buy the Democratic nomination. 




  And they do expect premiums to rise faster this year, largely because health-care costs are going up faster, too.

With an immoral system based on greedy, for-profit corporations where your indentured servant "customers" are forced to pay money under penalty of law, of course costs are going to skyrocket! What sort of idiot would think otherwise?

Obama could have installed a cheaper and more efficient single-payer health care system. But Obama unilaterally ruled such a system "off the table." Instead, our corporate stooge president sold the American people out as indentured servants to the private health insurance industry. And now we will pay the price of this sellout.

I won't comment on the irony of the country's first African-American president violating the 13th Amendment which prohibits slavery and indentured servitude. :( 




  No, what worries them much more deeply is that Iran might rejoin the community of nations, possibly even as a diplomatic (and eventually trading) partner of the United States and Europe.

I would disagree. What worries those opposed to the deal is that it *lessens* the ability of the US to enact regime change on Iran.

The US' goal is hegemony over the entire Middle East -- to have the entire region composed of US vassal states that will follow Washington's orders.

Iran is *independent.* An Iran integrated into the global community without sanctions is an Iran that will continue to be independent of Washington's orders. *That* is what imperialists in Washington oppose, that is why they created the fiction about nuclear weapons, and that is why they support regime change in Iran.

 "I hate all forms of imperialism, and I consider the US brand to be the most loathsome and contemptible." -- Nelson Mandela. 




  It appears that the source of the lies was the Administration prior to President Bush.

As the article points out, Clinton knew fully well that Iraq had no WMD. Madeline Albright's famous line that the deaths of 1/2 million Iraqi children was acceptable to keep UN sanctions on Iraq was a complete lie -- those children died as a result of US lies and geo-political imperial games.

Bush was just the tyrant that added more lies to the existing lies and then pulled the trigger on the 2003 Iraqi invasion and subsequent occupation.

The bottom line is that the 20+ years of war on Iraq and all of the US lies and aggression against Iraq were *bi-partisan* moves. The only difference between our 2 ruling parties were petty arguments over tactics. Blood drips from *both* parties' hands.

 "The greatest crime since World War II has been U.S. foreign policy." -- Ramsey Clark, former U.S. Attorney General. 




 Well, the Greek people *have* been betrayed. A week after they voted against austerity their treacherous government caved into the capitalists and banksters and sold the Greek people out.

Greeks *should* *be* pissed. They have every right to be. 









  Israels involvement in Suleimans assassination raises questions about both the purpose of the killing, as well as whether Israel violated international law in conducting the operation.

Give me a frigging break. We have to wonder whether going onto another country's soil and launching a military operation to assassinate one of their high-ranking uniformed military officers is a violation of international law?

Let's be serious.

This is politically correct madness -- it's an act of war by Israel, plain and simple. It's just that Israel is protected by the US and Syria is under attack so the Syrians cannot respond to the Israeli bully. 




  So then here we have just a clear systemic institutionalized effort laid bare, but of course that's not enough either is it, still not enough, 

Exactly. It's the same concept that keeps our government's skulduggery overseas going. When the US-backed/trained/funded/armed Egyptian military overthrows an elected government and enacts a reign of terror murdering hundreds of civilian supporters of the government, the US claims we had nothing to do with it -- and people swallow it.

When we fund the violent overthrow of an elected government in Ukraine for the second time in ten years, even though we have a tape recording of US diplomats arranging the coup and picking out the new prime minister, the US denies any involvement and then point fingers at Russia and claims they're the aggressor -- and people swallow it.

Countless police murders of mostly blacks but yet the government says it's not racist and that we don't have a massive, systemic problem of police brutality, oppression and murder -- and people swallow it.

It seems the American people have an infinite ability to ignore the truth and to believe BS.

 "The great moral American people would rather believe government lies than to acknowledge the government's crimes and to hold the government accountable." -- Assistant Secretary of the Treasury in the Reagan administration and Associate Editor of the Wall Street Journal Paul Craig Roberts. 




 No, different capitalists/oligarchs.

Just the same mindsets, greed and values. 









 Sorry, the next time I see Jimmy Carter I'll correct him. :)

**Edit:** Seriously, wasn't "marijuana" the name invented when our corrupt government was beating the drum back in the "[Reefer Madness](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgZ_s_cu02s)" days of the 1930s to make marijuana illegal?

As I recall, by giving the weed a Spanish name the anti-drug propagandists orchestrating the prohibition PR campaign were deliberately trying to smear the drug by associating it with Mexicans. 




   it's existence of a system within which nothing can practically be done, while thoughts of going outside of said system have been systematically suppressed.

That's perfectly true. No disagreement there.

 You're acting as if bourgeoisie democracy actually behaves democratically,

No, what I'm saying is that we're doing a *terrible* job organizing and educating people. There are avenues for opposition and organization and we're not taking sufficient advantage of that. Sure, people are indoctrinated to feel powerless, to laugh at serious problems by watching the Daily Show and other entertainment, etc., etc.

But as true as all that is, that doesn't address our issues and without addressing those issues we're doomed to spiral towards barbarism. 




  But a possible dark truth could be that without civil forfeiture (cash, cars, etc to sell), departments may be underfunded. 

That's like saying a school or a bridge repair project may be underfunded.

I mean, if something is underfunded then the decision is easy -- either increase taxes to fund the item, or decide to do without it. It's simple.

A third choice of stealing from people without due process of law -- asset forfeiture -- is not a valid choice in any country that claims to adhere by the rule of law.

**Edit:** Downvotes for Oznog99 (the post above) are uncalled for. He merely pointed out the reality. Just like our corrupt government runs budget deficits year after year because it refuses to raise taxes, some police agencies may operate only because they steal property via asset forfeiture to fund themselves. I read Oznog99's writing not as an advocacy of this type of theft, but as a blunt statement of reality. We should stop avoiding reality and admit the truth. 




 Isn't that like trying to claim that NYC is the safest part of the US because there's 30K police in the city?

But to answer your question, I'd guess some remote village in eastern Siberia where everyone in the village knows everyone else. 




 That's because our government is *so* *broken* and so corrupt, and the 2 political parties that rule the country are so non-representative and dysfunctional, that appealing to their greedy side is the only way marijuana users can get them to legalize the weed that never should have been made illegal in the first place.

 "Penalties against possession of a drug should not be more damaging to an individual than the use of the drug itself; and where they are, they should be changed. Nowhere is this more clear than in the laws against possession of marihuana in private for personal use." -- U.S. President Jimmy Carter, 1977. 




 "Disobedience, in the eyes of anyone who has read history, is humanity's original virtue. It is through disobedience that progress has been made, through disobedience and through rebellion." -- Oscar Wilde, Soul of Man Under Socialism. 









 So a report by one of the US government's propaganda organ gets a couple of friendly "experts" to come out with a sweeping conclusion about our benevolence and kind-hearted wars.

Color me not impressed.

 "Propaganda is to a democracy what violence is to a dictatorship." -- Noam Chomsky. 




  Any degree of impairment is an unnecessary risk.

That's perfectly true. His point that he *felt* "completely safe" is absurd -- isn't that one of the things that "under the influence" does to you?!

The point that should have been made is that a stoned driver is not the same as a drunk driver. Neither is as safe as a sober driver, but there is a *big* difference between the two. 









 A thought-provoking, well-explained piece which highlights that the real left and the far-right do indeed see some problems in an identical light, and -- maybe -- can work together to deal with the problem.

And if this is true on a racially-charged issue like incarceration, why not on issues like civil liberties and/or domestic spying? 




 Since there was no way you could have watched the piece in the time before you posted, unless you watched this earlier in the day, I have to wonder how you could come to such a quick conclusion.

What were your thoughts about the Koch representative/spokesman's points and personal stories featured in the report?

Are you saying that Van Jones is a gullible fool and that he came to the wrong conclusion when he talked about his wrestling with the fact that it was a Koch brothers campaign that forced him to resign from the White House but that he saw this as a bigger, more important issue than his own personal grievance?

Please, give me *something* to convince me that you're not just doing some Yellow Dog Democratic knee-jerk thing without even viewing the video. 




 Follow the money...

 "There can be no effective control of corporations while their political activity remains. To put an end to it will be neither a short nor an easy task, but it can be done." -- US President Theodore (Teddy) Roosevelt 
























 Marxist professor Richard Wolff outlines his own thoughts on [one thing that is replacing capitalism here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOGTv3_Ukjc). As Wolff points out, it's already happening in the US in Silicon Valley organized, in fact, by mostly Republicans.

(Another 10min. video by Wolff about worker cooperatives in other places in the world is [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-CuPWrGax4).) 




  In Colorado we have several police brutality cases being covered by national media that our local media refuses to cover.

The first thing I'll mention is that *both* the national and local media are examples of the "corporate mass media" I mentioned above.

But this is really not surprising. It's similar to the way the British corporate mass media is often more honest and insightful about US wars and geo-political skulduggery than our own media.

As they say, local politics are the most important, and that's doubly true for media capitalists. 




 FWIW, though it's widely attributed to him, Mussolini actually did [not say](http://www.publiceye.org/fascist/corporatism.html) that. Like Nazi Germany, Mussolini's Italy functioned with a symbiosis between capitalists and the state, but the fascists clearly put the state/nation ahead as their writings and actions starkly demonstrate. 




  but I'd really like to see some accounts of him saying the same thing WHILE he was a general just a little bit ago,

Telling blunt truths when you're a high-ranking officer on active duty is the way you get forced into retirement (and threatened with losing your retirement).

We only have to think of  US Army Major General Antonio Taguba -- a classic example of a truth-teller being forced into retirement.

 "...[T]he commander in chief and those under him authorized a systematic regime of torture....There is no longer any doubt as to whether the current administration has committed war crimes." -- US Army Major General Antonio Taguba, commissioned by the Pentagon in 2004 to investigate the "abuses" at Abu Ghraib. 




 Linux is the kernel.

As groups like Debian and the Free Software Foundation correctly point out, the operating system is "GNU/Linux." But since that is a mouthful, people typically shorten the name to "Linux." 




 The reality is that the US has been arming and using radical Muslim fundamentalists as American proxy forces to attack other countries for decades.

We started this under Jimmy Carter and used them to attack the progressive government in Afghanistan in Carter's plot to provoke the USSR into sending troops into Afghanistan and trapping them in a guerrilla war.

We used Muslim fundamentalists as US proxy soldiers in the 1990s in Bosnia and in Chechnya. We also used them to overthrow the progressive Libyan dictatorship and to turn that country into a feuding hellhole.

Thus, Hillary's advocacy of using Muslim fundamentalists to attack the secular Syrian dictatorship is nothing special -- it's just standard US policy.

 "The greatest crime since World War II has been U.S. foreign policy." -- Ramsey Clark, former U.S. Attorney General. 




 This is one of the biggest untapped, easily-accessible forms of renewable energy around. Forget Wales :), this is very applicable to the NE, NW and other parts of the US.

I'm always baffled at people paying large sums of money for solar installations ([conspicuous consumption](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conspicuous_consumption)?) that generate power only during daylight, as they ignore the brook that flows through their property and could be generating much more power 24/7. 




 The US government has a stated goal of "regime change" on Iran and Congress has previously (under Bush) funded hundreds of millions of dollars to achieve that goal.

Do you think this agreement alters that policy? 




 Good advice. But that is still no excuse for the cop's overreaction and punishment. 




 "Papers please."

Yet our corporate mass media denies we live in a police state. 
























 Of course it would. But our Supreme ~~Corp.~~ Court would rule them a violation of free speech based on their erroneous capitalist assumption that "speech" equals "money".

Our existing publicly-funded campaign finance matching system worked well for many years. But then the Supreme ~~Corp.~~ Court's plutocratic rulings blew that away and Obama became the first president to abandon the government-funded finance system preferring to avoid the regulations to promote openness in campaigns and to rely on private money. Since that time the cost of elections has skyrocketed -- and rich capitalists *love* *it* that way.

Rich capitalists have taken over the country. The corporate mass media that they own have warped our values and morality to adopt the greed-based mindsets that they want us to have. We see this in many ways.

A Princeton study [recently came out](http://www.commondreams.org/views/2014/04/14/us-oligarchy-not-democracy-says-scientific-study) which reported that the US is actually an oligarchy and not a democracy. I would label the US as some sort of "plutocratic oligarchy" but that is a trivial difference. The point is the system is massively and systemically broken and mere "reforms" are not going to do anything. We need to rethink our values and make dramatic, systemic and/or revolutionary changes. 




 It's not a disconnect. It's capitalist corruption and our corporate-controlled government. Money rules.

 "All the props of a democracy remain intact - elections, legislatures, media - but they predominantly function at the service of the oligarchy."  Richard Wolff 




 Is this any surprise?

Turn on your TV or the news -- what is the corporate mass media *teaching* us to be scared of? It certainly isn't global warming... 




 Why the downvotes? Isn't this a huge political story? Was anyone else aware of this clever scheme to allow criminal banks to suck at the public trough?

I cannot help but to think this is just a Yellow Dog Democrat response -- it's a story critical of the Obama administration's refusal to prosecute *criminal* banks and to throw banksters in prison, a story which highlights the rampant, out-of-control corruption that permeates *both* of our ruling political parties, so therefore it must be downvoted and ignored.

 "And the banks - hard to believe in a time when we're facing a banking crisis that many of the banks created - are still the most powerful lobby on Capitol Hill. And they frankly own the place." -- Illinois Sen. Richard Durbin, May 8, 2009. 




 I don't see the analogy.

Those now-dead Marines voluntarily joined our country's war machine in a time of war. They joined a country's military that *unapologetically* tortures people and wages unprovoked wars of aggression. They joined a military whose hands are drenched in the blood of innocents and saturated with war crimes.

Just like I wish the US military was not slaughtering people around the world, I wish those Marines were not killed. But I can hardly fault some person who objects to the crimes of our government and who is brave enough to try to provoke the apathetic American people to pay attention to our government's crimes and to counter-attack against our attacking military. Whether we want to admit it or not, the US military are legitimate targets of people wanting to fight back against the US government's immoral wars.

Let's hope we stop waging our immoral wars and that our victims accept our profound and sincere apologies and repartition payments.

 "There is no longer any doubt as to whether the current administration has committed war crimes." -- US Army Major General Antonio Taguba, commissioned by the Pentagon in 2004 to investigate the "abuses" at Abu Ghraib. 




  How do you compensate for wrongful death?

Oh, let me call our largest recipient of "Operation Bomb All the Things" -- Vietnam.

Hold on while I make the call...

Okay, Vietnam said paying war repartitions is the way. The US agreed in a peace treaty to pay Vietnam a huge sum of money for the millions of dead people and destruction we wrought on their country.

Of course, Vietnam added that the "honorable US government" then reneged on the treaty promise and never paid them a dime. 




 When some random person made the same points based on common sense and simple morality, no one listens.

When some retired general says it based on a nationalistic geo-political calculation, it's big news!

But we don't have a screwed up sense of moral values and way of thinking about our country and the world, do we?! 




 This isn't going to make our rightist wing-nuts happier about the Iran agreement. And it no doubt must make Obama and his war mongers trying to paint Russia as the new Axis of Evil all pissed off. 




 How sad; more needless killing.

But if it's any consolation, we're still ahead by something like a million dead Muslims compared to the number of dead Americans. 




 Why the surprise? When we wage non-stop wars against many different Muslim nations, shouldn't this type of thing be *expected?*

**Edit:** Hmm, downvotes. So I guess we assume that we can wage war on multiple countries and the victims will just roll over and take it and no one will rise up to try to counter-attack? That sort of attitude makes me wonder how people think. 




 And if we keep voting for Republicans or Democrats at the national level, that's what we'll wind up with -- more war and wasted money.

It's long past time we started building a party to represent common Americans. 




 Because the US has such a *great* record of fighting and winning wars! 




 Isn't it funny how foreign media like the BBC, the Guardian, RT, etc. often have more pointed and at the same time more accurate commentary/analysis/reporting about the US compared to our own sycophantic corporate mass media? 




 That *might* be a way to loosen the rigged non-debate debates that are cooked up and agreed to between the 2 parties during the actual presidential election. But I doubt it... 




  Moreover, former UNSCOM inspector Scott Ritter contends that the U.S. attempted to manipulate UNSCOM so that it could be used as a tool in an attempted coup against Saddam Hussein organized by the U.S. in 1996.

This is the key. Ritter, a US Marine officer, also says the US and Israel were using UN weapons inspections to blatantly spy on the Iraqi military in clear violation of the UN rules. *That* is why Iraq's Saddam Hussein started his foot dragging and resisting the inspections.

But our mass media propaganda system is *very* strong -- the US government lied through its teeth and spun Iraq's foot dragging as evidence that Iraq was hiding WMD and we later used those lies (and new additional lies) to attack, invade and occupy Iraq.

With that treacherous history of our criminal government, is it any surprise that Iran refuses no-notice inspections and is leery of inspections in general? 









 He could not say anything else about that insane program, but that's "nice" of Clinton to admit.

Now, how about admitting his signing of the repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act was a massive blunder that set the stage for both the inflation and bursting of the housing bubble and the resulting banking scandals of the Bush administration?

Will Bill admit that or will that piss off too many of his and Hillary's corporate bankster friends? 




  If he ran as an independent then Clinton would definitely get the nod, and a three way race between D/R/I is almost certainly going to go to the republicans. So what exactly is gained from that?

We are so indoctrinated to think of politics in the binary that it shows up many ways. Not to be a personal attack or anything, but just the D/R/I shows that binary thinking.

The problem is that the parties need to stand for something -- an ideology. Sanders should not be an Independent, he should be a Socialist or a Progressive or something that has some clear mindset of what you're voting for.

The advantage of Sanders running as a third party would be to start building a real third party. If that cause Hillary to lose an election, so be it -- good.

We saw what Ross Perot's role was in the 1992 election. Perot split the vote of the right and put Clinton into the White House. Perot started to work to build the "Reform Party". The Reform Party flopped like a dying fish primarily because it had no ideology and no actual party platform positions other than wanting to balance the budget. It was not distinguishable from the Republicans or Democrats in any meaningful way. *Any* generic party that labels itself as merely "Independent" will suffer a similar fate.

The Reform Party also suffered from Perot's billionaire status. It floundered when it came to the hard drudgery work of building up a party from the grassroots. (An actual left party today could seek to use the remnants of the labor movement and other social movements for an impetus.)

What is crystal clear is where the current rule by our 2 plutocratic political parties will take us. We're fast on the road to becoming some sort of smiling fascist surveillance/police state. We've seen what voting for hope and change we can believe in has gotten us -- it's time we accepted the sad state we're in and do something different. 




  So I guess Sanders is supposed to run as an independent, and then split the democrat vote in the general election?

If Sanders did that, I'd vote for him. If by some miracle the corporate backers of the Democratic Party makes him their nominee, there's no way I'd vote for him.

You phrase splitting the vote as if it's some sort of cardinal sin. The bottom line is that the 2 ruling parties of the US only should get our vote if they *deserve* it -- they're not *entitled* to it.

This is what makes Sanders' home state of Vermont so great -- the left in Vermont refuses to mindlessly back the Democrats.

By Vermonters forming the Progressive Coalition, which runs many candidates for most statewide offices every election, the PC forces the Democrats to defend their left. If the Democrats try to be the center-right party that we see they are at the national level, the Democrats *lose* races -- as they should.

The Progressive Coalition functions to move the entire political spectrum to the *left* (similar to the way the Republicans' Tea Party caucus functions to move the Republican Party to the right). This is because with 2 distinct parties to the left of the Republicans the center shifts and the Republicans feel pressure to moderate their stance.

This is not rocket science.

By a progressive or someone on the political left mindlessly being a Yellow Dog Democrat you wind up becoming just like the way the Democrats treat labor -- you're ignored and taken for granted because the Democrats know you'll never vote for a Republican. The key is the organized third party to shift the spectrum.

With only 2 parties the 2 parties fight over and move to the center, with one or the other occasionally trying to move to the others' position to "steal" votes from their rival. Isn't that what we see today?

This is why it is a complete waste of time for Sanders to run as a Democrat. Not only will he never win the nomination, but he is refusing to build a third party and is ignoring the lessons of his own home state.

 "I'd rather vote for something I want and not get it, than vote for something I don't want and get it." -- Eugene Debs, the socialist presidential candidate who received more than 3% of the vote for president while sitting in a jail cell for opposing WWI.

Edit: Typos, clarity. 




  Iranians don't get to decided whether an Islamic republic is a true republic.

You're right, the Iranians don't get to decide, the ancient Greeks who invented the terms "republic" and "democracy" and much of the west's political thinking are the ones who decided. And Iran today is a republic, just like the US and North Korea are republics, though of different strains. 




 Yes, the last time I saw lukewarm beer there was quite some time ago. More recent trips just changing over between Heathrow and Gatwick had normal cold beer.

 I know most Americans are used to bottled piss like Bud Light,

Sadly, I probably can't argue with the characterization of "most". :(

 but surely a pint on tap in an English pub has always been pretty decent.

Certainly far more decent than Budweiser or Coors or any of the other light pilsners that are standard American beers. 




 Exactly. A state then or not, [Oklahoma has a distinctly brutal and bloody history](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tulsa_race_riot) of racism. 





























