 He's done the math. 




 That was McClatchy's original title for the article. 




 Maybe it was done by some of those 'suiciders' our dear leader is always referring to. 




 $4/gal gas. 




 I am surprised they didn't say it was AQ's #2 man... again. 




 Deployment of second carrier to Gulf a 'reminder': Gates
http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5j5riBuUnY0-5eeIMYI9tvU2XrDNA
 




 Then why won't he make them public? 




 Is Florida evolving slower? 




 But he can still make them public... along with his medical records. 




 The media's double standard continues... 




 They are trying to out fox Fox. 




 Or *Lancelot Link: Secret Chimp* 




 So one justifies the other? 




 And so, so long as I'm the President, my measure of success is victory and success. 




 Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream. 




 Rarely is the question asked, is our children learning? 




 OBGYN can now practice their love on women. 




 Joe is an ass. 




 McCain being the worst. 




 Maybe they need to review their methodology. 




 damn dirty apes 




 Bush was probably serving hot dogs and hamburgers again anyway. 




 "There's an old saying in Tennessee  I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee  that says, fool me once, shame on  shame on you. Fool me  you can't get fooled again." 




 CSPAN has been showing a tour they took through the museum.  It looks interesting. 




 Send their kids too. 




 $5,000 per second, 24/7 




 So? 




 ...except take the US Constitution off the table. 




 I hear part of it is 'off the table' at least. 




 I, for one, welcome our Industrial Control System Overlords. 




 The surge in to Iran. 




 Patreaus is working on that right now. 




 I hope that wasn't the reason you clicked on it. :) 




 Yes. 




 http://www.google.com/search?client=safari rls=en q=define:ferment ie=UTF-8 oe=UTF-8 




 yes, and there are many. 




 http://www.google.com.au/intl/en/gday/index.html 




 Imagine that, an Alabama sign in the background. 




 He doesn't have a blimp either. 




 The surge is working!!! 




 It's starting to look like *Aruba* Goldberg contraption 




 mmmmm...  primordial ooze.... 




 I put the gas in the gas car and it *Madagascar* go! 




 Will they sell Tatas in Nepal? 




 Gimme one offer, then gimme *Samoa* 




 Will you be buy or *belize*? 




 *Yugo* first, *Australia*.

-I hope i didnt *Benz* The rules- 




 All that's left to do is go to the bar and *Taiwan* on 




 lol, or the studio lights. 




 Wow!  What a shot! 




 Shake your Tatas and *Djibouti* 




 Now with more silicone! 




 Jamaica me crazy. 




 It's good for business. 




 "The U.S. embassy issued a statement saying it had no spies eating cheeseburgers in Belarus." 




 I'll take two!  




 The Iraq occupation costs over $300,000,000 per day. 




 The Bush administration spent $42,000,000 on letters to alert taxpayers to expect rebate checks (bribes) as part of the "economic stimulus" plan.  Everything Bush touches turns to FAIL! 




 How much do you weigh? 




 McLame 




 Don't you think 10 minutes is a little generous? 




 In the name of oil. 




 Yeah, I first saw it in the New York Behind-the-Times. 




 IMPEACH! 




 "Do they care if we elect a Know-Nothing to lead us?" - Wasn't Bush their guy? 




 Only problem is, now he makes appearances throughout the day.  Before, we knew exactly when to change the channel, now, his dumb ass could pop up at any time. 




 Caption associated with the picture:  "I snapped a photo of this sticker in one of the restrooms at Ritual Coffee Roasters in San Francisco's Mission District. There used to be one just like it posted above a small hole in the wall in the other restroom. That sticker was removed though once the hole was patched to, er, block the camera's lens." 




 Sad, isn't it. 




 Blimp/Corvair '08! 




 Once again, Dick lives up to his name. 




 Did you forget to say that? 




 ...and had the most bed bug infestations. 




 You should try watching the news. 




 Cool, but where's his iPod? 




 so true 




 Daddy paid a lot for that D. 




 How did the Iraq war give 'whiny conspiracy trolls' a voice on the internet? 




 Being stupid fits right in with BushCo. 




 If hypocrisy were illegal, think of all the politicians that would have to go to jail.  It's up to Americans to not re-elect the hypocrites.  Don't get me wrong, I don't condone what Spitzer did and I'm not saying that it wasn't hypocritical of him, but it is a sex "scandal."  




 It looks like it might be Cupertino, CA in the lower left corner of the image. 




 I think they've been hiding him in one of those super-secret-torture prisons. 




 At least it wasn't a sperm whale. 




 One Year After the Surge, 15 of 18 benchmarks fail.  http://www.americanprogress.org/issues/2008/01/benchmark.html
 




 HAHAHAHAHHAH 




 Blame Bush, not the soldiers.  The blood is on his hands, Cheney's hands, and all their minions and enablers. 




 So I should choose one life over another? 




 Unlike you, I am not choosing one life over the another.  ALL the killing must end, none are irrelevant. 




 "Military casualties are irrelevant." - tell that to their families.
 




 Let's move the goal posts. 




 Picture of the building: http://images.usatoday.com/Wires2Web/20080314/465302133_Swastika_Buildingx-large.jpg 




 Tony Lukes!! 




 Satan knows too. 




 Well, if it's at Geno's, they won't be able to show off their Espaol. 




 I smell bail-out! 




 'simple' as in 'simply a moran' 




 No child left behind... 




 So true.  The calls and faxes DO work, they do make a difference! 




 Yayz, thems is lurnin. 




 Pressured by the bold and super-brave george bush and deferment dick. 




 Sadly, it's a punch line in the gut :( 




 No real oversight though, just a facade of oversight - just as in everything run by BushCo. 




 Poor Bush, he had a little tantrum on the teevee this AM saying how the terrists win if big business has to follow the rule of law.  Bush is a joke. 




 Fuck Bush.  No more corporate handouts or get-out-of-jail-free. 




 Everyone is supposed to send them directly to Halliburton for proper disposal. 




 This our throne
We call our own
We like to keep it neat.

So please be kind
With you're behind
And don't get your ass stuck in the seat! 




 Because are children is learning. 




 Or else she didn't give a shit. 




 He should be McCains running mate.  May come in handy. 




 Know your enemy. 




 You are correct. 




 Yeah, this news isn't suspicious at all coming right after "no iran war on my watch" Fallon's 'resignation.'  We didn't hear things like this leading up to the Iraq war either.   




 Halliburton 




 ...and on the 8th day, he created war.  War without end aaaAAAAAaaaAAaaAAamen. 




 Still no word from Vitter or Craig... 




 I am sure Halliburton is the only company big enough to pull off a project that big. 




 Because republicans are held to a more lenient standard.  Why no impeachment call for Vitter or Craig or any other of the many many corrupt republicans? 




 WoooHooooo!!!! 




 Does this mean we have to learn kung-fu? 




 Vitter... 




 I wonder if Fox News will put an 'R' next to his name. 




 Or Cheney would nominate himself as VP...   again. 




 You are letting him off too easy. 




 Rove deserves to be treated as he treats others.  That is maybe just a taste of what he got. 




 I guess just wishful thinking. 




 :0===I 




 Did the dems even get off the bench yet?  Are they dressed for the game? 




 Last term Lieberman. 




 It's a political move (big shock).  Hey look!  GWB is giving you free money!!  I guess they're sending the letters out to make 100% sure the bribe gets out before the election. 




 "killer" as in "kill myself" 




 They need a playground monitor. 




 Now that's just sloppy campaigning.  Conceding the Monster vote to your opponent this early in the race?  Please.  Pennsylvania hasn't even voted yet. 




 asshole in one 




 He's the Drciderer of the free world! 




 George W Bush: Our first chimpanzee president. 




 Goose is still dead though. 




 Either one of them is leaps and bounds better than McCain. 




 "What? Over? Did you say 'over'? Nothing is over until we decide it is! Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor? Hell no! And it ain't over now! 'Cause when the going gets toughthe tough get going! Who's with me? Let's go!What the fuck happened to the Delta I used to know? Where's the spirit? Where's the guts? Huh? This could be the greatest night of our lives, but you're going to let it be the worst. 'Oh, we're afraid to go with you, Bluto. We might get in trouble.' Well, just kiss my ass from now on! Not me! I'm not gonna take this! Wormer? He's a dead man. Marmalard? Dead! NIEDERMAYER!" 




 Whatever Rove/Cheney tell him to believe. 




 Are they sure that was an avalanche and not one of our Evil Martian Dust Overlords?  




 I guess we will have to buy Pelosi a new table to put that on. 




 They would have to rename it Leavenworthless being as that bush is a worthless sack of doodie. 




 Making shopping carts to hold Chinese-made goods? 




 The fungus is among us. 




 Good point.  I just want it to be over. 




 I heard that yeasterday. 




 Clinton team vows to fight on after Ohio, Texas
http://rawstory.com/news/afp/Clinton_team_vows_to_fight_on_after_03022008.html
 




 BREAKING FoxNuze:  Why does Hillary hate Black Fungus? 




 When it rains, it spores.  Just one question -- will they be among us? 




 ooooh, I'm lichen that! 




 All hail Fungus! 




 Venom 




 so sorry McCain... 




 I never sausage a drink. 




 She will find herself in a pickle. 




 i relish the puns 




 Republicans taking the survey will be confused. They won't know what "pro-choice" means. It should be phrased: "Baby killing America hating Commie Terrorist pro-abortion librul" 




 You're right, my bad. 




 Go Nader? 




 Shhhhhhhhhh! 




 I want my baby back.

(ribs)

(bbq sauce) 




 Great tool!  We need our press back. 




 The batteries can be replaced in all the devices you mention. 




 Waaaa! Leave Apple alone!!1!!  waaaaaaah... 




 It must just have been a ummm...   errrr....  coincidence? 




 It was a misquote.  What he said was "personal free dumbs." 




 ...and the corruption 




 They're all crooks. 




 That's Tagg, Matt, Josh, Ben and Craig's inheritance money! 




 So you think they should die? 




 You cared enough to comment. 




 your name and your comment don't match 




 By "make the world a better place," I assume you mean "make the world a better place for Halliburton and Exxon."  -- because that is what he has done, at our peril.  

Where's OBL? 
























 Caption:

Successful Flight Through Enceladus Plume
The Cassini spacecraft has weathered the Monday, Nov. 2, 2009, flyby of Saturns moon Enceladus in good health and has been sending images and data of the encounter back to Earth. Cassini had approached Enceladus more closely before, but this passage took the spacecraft on its deepest plunge yet through the heart of the plume shooting out from the south polar region. Scientists are eagerly sifting through the results.

In this unprocessed image, sunlight brightens a crescent curve along the edge of Saturn's moon Enceladus and highlights its misty plume. The image was captured by Cassini's narrow-angle camera as the spacecraft passed about 190,000 kilometers (120,000 miles) over the moon. This image has not been validated or calibrated. A validated/calibrated image will be archived with the NASA Planetary Data System in 2010. 

At its closest point on Nov. 2, Cassini flew about 100 kilometers (60 miles) above the surface of Enceladus.

Since the discovery of the plume in 2005, scientists have been captivated by the enigmatic jets. Previous flybys detected water vapor, sodium and organic molecules, but scientists need to know more about the plumes composition and density to characterize the source, possibly a liquid ocean under the moons icy surface. It would also help them determine whether Enceladus has the conditions necessary for life.

Mission managers did extensive studies to make sure the spacecraft could fly safely through the plumes and not use an excessive amount of propellant.

Image Credit: NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute 




 Caption:

Test Stand A-2 Peering Out from the Fog
At Stennis Space Center, three large engine test stands were built the early 1960s to test the first and second stages of the Apollo Saturn V rocket that carried Americans to the moon. Since 1975, the test stands have supported testing of the Space Shuttle main engines. The last planned test was conducted in July of 2009.

In this photo, the A-2 Test Stand peered out from a thick blanket of fog during the early morning hours of Oct. 28, 2009. This photo was taken from the top of the B Test Stand.

The A-1 and A-2 test stands are transitioning to support J-2X engine testing for the Constellation Program, while the B-1/B-2 test stand will support stage testing. For the first time since the 1960s, a new test stand, called A-3, is under construction with a scheduled completion date of 2011. The A-3 test stand will be 300 feet tall and will enable engineers to conduct simulated high-altitude testing up to 100,000 feet. 

Photo Credit: NASA/SSC/Allen Forsman, Pratt and Whitney Rocketdyne 




 in-DUH-visible 




 Caption:
Spirit Embedded in Soft Soil on Mars as Engineers Devise Methods to 'Free Spirit'
This view from the panoramic camera on NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit shows the terrain surrounding the location called "Troy," where Spirit became embedded in soft soil during the spring of 2009. The hundreds of images combined into this view were taken beginning on the 1,906th Martian day (or sol) of Spirit's mission on Mars (May 14, 2009) and ending on Sol 1943 (June 20, 2009). 

Near the center of the image, in the distance, lies Husband Hill, where Spirit recorded views from the summit in 2005. For scale, the parallel tracks are about 1 meter (39 inches) apart. The track on the right is more evident because Spirit was driving backwards, dragging its right-front wheel, which no longer rotates. 

The bright soil in the center foreground is soft material in which Spirit became embedded after the wheels on that side cut through a darker top layer. The composition of different layers in the soil at the site became the subject of intense investigation by tools on Spirit's robotic arm.

In recent weeks, Engineers have been using test rovers on Earth to prepare for extracting the sand-trapped Spirit rover. While amnesia-like symptoms in recent days might delay the start of planned drives by Spirit geared towards extricating it, the Mars Exploration Rover team remains hopeful. "If they are intermittent and infrequent, they are a nuisance that would set us back a day or two when they occur. If the condition becomes persistent or frequent, we will need to go to an alternate strategy that avoids depending on flash memory, " said Project Manager John Callas of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. In these amnesia events, Spirit fails to record data from the day's activities onto the type of computer memory -- non-volatile "flash" memory -- that can retain the data when the rover powers down for its energy-conserving periods of "sleep." 

Spirit has worked on Mars for more than 69 months in what was originally planned as a three-month mission. 




 lol 




 giving palin the shaft 




 Caption: NASA's Ares I-X rocket is seen on Launch Pad 39B at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla., Monday, Oct. 26, 2009. The flight test of Ares I-X, scheduled for today, Oct. 27, 2009, will provide NASA with an early opportunity to test and prove flight characteristics, hardware, facilities and ground operations associated with the Ares I. 

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: This high-resolution picture from the HiRISE camera on board the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter shows twisting dark trails criss-crossing light-colored terrain on the Martian surface. Newly formed trails like these had presented researchers with a tantalizing mystery but are now known to be the work of miniature wind vortices known to occur on the red planet, in other words Martian dust devils. Such spinning columns of rising air heated by the warm surface are also common in dry and desert areas on planet Earth. Typically lasting only a few minutes, dust devils become visible as they pick up loose red-colored dust leaving the darker and heavier sand beneath intact. Ironically, dust devils have been credited with unexpectedly cleaning the solar panels of the Mars rovers. 

Image Credit: NASA, HiRISE, MRO, LPL (U. Arizona) 




 Full caption:

Building an Original

Platforms surround the Ares I-X in High Bay 3 of the Vehicle Assembly Building before it was moved to the launch pad on Oct. 20, 2009. Closer in height to the hulking Saturn V moon rockets than the space shuttle, Ares I-X looks unlike any rocket that's ever stood at Launch Complex 39. But it blends familiar hardware from existing programs with newly developed components.

Four first-stage, solid-fuel booster segments are derived from the Space Shuttle Program. A simulated fifth booster segment contains Atlas-V-based avionics, and the rocket's roll control system comes from the Peacekeeper missile. The launch abort system, simulated crew and service modules, upper stage, and various connecting structures all are original.

Image Credit: NASA/Jack Pfaller  




 Full Caption: 

Spirit's Robotic Stretch
NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit recorded this forward view of its arm and surroundings during the rover's 2,052nd Martian day, or sol, on Oct. 11, 2009. 

Bright soil in the left half of the image is loose, fluffy material churned by the rover's left-front wheel as Spirit, driving backwards, approached its current position in April 2009 and the wheel broke through a darker, crusty surface.

Spirit used its front hazard-avoidance camera to take this image. The turret of tools at the end of the rover's robotic arm is positioned with the Moessbauer spectrometer up and the rock abrasion tool extending toward the right. Spirit's right-front wheel, visible in this image, has not worked since 2006. It is the least-embedded of the rover's six wheels at the current location, called "Troy."

Spirit and its twin, Opportunity, have been working on Mars for more than 58 months in what were originally planned as 3-month missions on Mars.

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech  




 Full caption: Friction Stir Weld
This close-up view of the friction stir weld tack tool used to manufacture of space shuttle external tanks shows the process of tack welding barrel panels together. Barrels were previously fabricated using traditional fusion welding, but friction stir welding is different in that the materials are not melted. A rotating tool pin uses friction and applied pressure to join the 20-foot longitudinal panels together. 

Friction stir welding is the most recent upgrade to the space shuttle's external tank, the largest element of the shuttle and the only element that is not reusable. The new welding technique utilizes frictional heating combined with forging pressure to produce high-strength bonds virtually free of defects. Friction stir welding transforms the metals from a solid state into a "plastic-like" state, and then mechanically stirs the materials together under pressure to form a welded joint. Invented and patented by The Welding Institute, a British research and technology organization, the process is applicable to aerospace, shipbuilding, aircraft and automotive industries. One of the key benefits of this new technology is that it allows welds to be made on aluminum alloys that cannot be readily fusion arc welded, the traditional method of welding.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Wolverines! 




 ...in facts. 




 Caption: The Soyuz TMA-14 spacecraft is seen as it lands with Expedition 20 Commander Gennady Padalka, Flight Engineer Michael Barratt, and spaceflight participant Guy Laliberte near the town of Arkalyk, Kazakhstan on Sunday, Oct. 11, 2009. Padalka and Barratt returned from six months onboard the International Space Station, along with Laliberte who arrived at the station on Oct. 2 with Expedition 21 Flight Engineers Jeff Williams and Maxim Suraev aboard the Soyuz TMA-16 spacecraft.  




 caption: Surrounded by medical personnel, seated from left to right are spaceflight participant Guy Laliberte, Expedition 20 Commander Gennady Padalka and Expedition 20 Flight Engineer Michael Barratt.They had landed minutes before at 12:32 a.m. EDT aboard the Soyuz capsule near the town of Arkalyk, Kazakhstan, on Sunday, Oct. 11, 2009. Padalka and Barratt are returning from six months onboard the International Space Station, along with Laliberte who arrived at the station on Oct. 2 with Expedition 21 Flight Engineers Jeff Williams and Maxim Suraev aboard the Soyuz TMA-16 spacecraft.  




 Caption: Layers in the lower portion of two neighboring buttes within the Noctis Labyrinthus formation on Mars are visible in this image from the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) camera on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.  




 This image of NGC 6240 contains new X-ray data from Chandra (shown in red, orange, and yellow) that has been combined with an optical image from the Hubble Space Telescope originally released in 2008. In 2002, Chandra data led to the discovery of two merging black holes, which are a mere 3,000 light years apart. They are seen as the bright point-like sources in the middle of the image.

Scientists think these black holes are in such close proximity because they are in the midst of spiraling toward each other -- a process that began about 30 million years ago. It is estimated that they holes will eventually drift together and merge into a larger black hole some tens or hundreds of millions of years from now. 




 caption: Some of the coldest and darkest dust in space shines brightly in this infrared image from the Herschel Observatory, a European Space Agency mission with important participation from NASA. The image is a composite of light captured simultaneously by two of Herschel's three instruments -- the photodetector array camera and spectrometer with its spectral and photometric imaging receiver. 




 caption:  Marshall Space Flight Center is testing a new robotic lunar lander test bed that will aid in the development of a new generation of multi-use landers for robotic space exploration. The test article is equipped with thrusters that guide the lander, one set of which controls the vehicle's attitude that directs the altitude and landing. On the test lander, an additional thruster offsets the effect of Earths gravity so that the other thrusters can operate as they would in a lunar environment. MSFC is partnered with John Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory and the Von Braun Center for Science and Innovation for this project. 




 yes 




 hypocritic oath? 




 Now they are reporting that this was all just a training exercise.

But on 9/11? During the Pentagon memorial service? If this is true, they're morons.  Maybe they'll fly some more planes over NYC today for some photo ops. 




 Kevorkian has a posse  




 oops 




 Death Panels!  They're gonna kill Grandma!  Socialism! You're gonna pay for abortions for illegals!  He's a Kenyan Muslim! 




 I first read this as: Cheesesteak Ice Cream 




 Kaboom! 




 He should go to Cleveland so he can be part of the Dawg Pound 




 urine trouble 




 gorilla glue is a real product, it's been around for a while.  that being said, there are plenty of other more mainstream brands of glue that zell could have used to make his point. 




 the suspect was killed 




 Will not run for another purchased Senate seat. 




 http://www.google.com/ 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_Tour_de_France#General_Classification 




 Fuck Newt 




 HALP! 




 yes 




 He could choose Marion Barry as a running mate. 




 Because Rush said so. 




 At least he wasn't in a movie with a monkey. 




 Coleman just conceded. 




 unless SCOTUS refuses to hear the case 




 3-2-1 and Liftoff of GOES-O

Rising above the pad's fixed service tower, a Delta IV rocket soars into the sky with the GOES-O satellite aboard. Liftoff was at 6:51 p.m. EDT from Launch Complex 37 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The first attempt to launch GOES-O, on June 26, was scrubbed due to thunderstorms. The latest Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite, GOES-O was developed by NASA for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or NOAA. Each of the GOES satellites continuously provides observations of 60 percent of the Earth including the continental United States, providing weather monitoring and forecast operations as well as a continuous and reliable stream of environmental information and severe weather warnings. Once in orbit, GOES-O will be designated GOES-14, and NASA will provide on-orbit checkout and then transfer operational responsibility to NOAA. 

Image Credit: NASA/Jack Pfaller 




 Sarah Palin, self proclaimed Joke Appropriateness Czar, makes a joke about a Senators physical appearance. 




 RIP 




 toothpaste or jelly? 




 lolz...   morans 




 I hope he makes a full recovery. 




 i think the cables are attached to the tower behind the rocket, you can see it peeking out from behind the flame. 




 crazy 




 It is a standard issue republican apology. 




 He should have got a policy from Mellon Insurance Agency 




 One might even call him a boob. 




 fuck flickr 




 I think you misspelled his name.  It should be - Ross Douchehat 




 In the foreground is mission commander James McDivitt; in background is Russell Schweickart, lunar module pilot - Apollo 9 




 It's probably Alderman Ike Carothers - http://www.suntimes.com/news/metro/1596369,attorney-corruption-case-052809.article 




 Projection

 




 it-may-very-well-be 




 He needs to experience it.  At Gitmo.  




 Good news! 




 Leader of the sack? 




 He must have gone to the Barbara Bush School of Compassion. 




 Profit! 




 Because we will have to deal with her again, and the media circus, at the 2012 presidential election. 




 go away 




 Fuck them.  Get ready for primaries. 




 Actually, Ned Lamont beat Lieberman in the last primary.  Lieberman then formed his own party, Connecticut for Lieberman, and ran against Lamont and the non-viable Republican candidate (who ended up with just 9% of the vote) in the general election. Lieberman won because Republicans voted him in. 




 Stevens down the toobz. 




 boooooooooooooo 




 Can we say FUCK YOU to Joe too? 




 Reid needs to go. 




 Of course they do. 




 Bush made his own bed, now he can lay in it. 




 electoral vote at 333 - 146 now according to MSNBC 




 Because he's a toxic weeping pustular blister that's been festering on Rave's ass? 




 APPEASER!!! 




 um... I said "Way past time." 




 Way past time. 




 You naming namer. 




 Come on, we all know why. 




 Yes, lie did. 




 Not to mention that Joe isn't a licensed plumber and owes back taxes. 




 He's a republican... 




 Plame was a covert agent.  Deny it all you like, you will still be wrong.

"On Tuesday, special counsel Patrick Fitzgerald filed an unclassified CIA summary of Plame's status, which shows that she was, in fact, covert at the time of Novak's column."

http://www.salon.com/news/primary_sources/2007/05/30/plame/
 




 Poor Johnny McSame 




 Please, take him! 




 She's a living fungus spore. 




 40 seconds in, someone in the crowd yells "he's a ni**er!"  Palin misses a beat, but says nothing about it.  I guess she is both used to it and condones it. 




 terrorist appeaser  




 awesome! 




 lol 




 Sorry, I forgot. 




 Cut-n-run white flag waving cowards surrendering to the terrists!  What will the crazy GOP base say now? 




 Scary stuff 




 Hopefully, after this election "neocon" won't mean anything anymore. 




 But we do have an election. 




 He's got the dick part down, now all he needs is a tater. 




 ASSault 




 http://thenews.jang.com.pk/updates.asp?id=56121 




 no 




 Why does he hate Larry Craig? 




 Poor Maverick.  Nobody loves him. 




 It's what the republicans were chanting at their convention.

http://www.google.com/search?client=safari rls=en q=%22drill+baby+drill%22 ie=UTF-8 oe=UTF-8
 




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1Y73sPHKxw 




 It's called republicanism. 




 How many houses will that make for the republican Presidential ticket? 




 Proving the GWOT is a bunch of BS 




 Are the Two Fat Ladies MI6? 




 Witnesses told reporters the identity of the victim, the police would not confirm it. 




 RIP 




 Please use local number 51026. Thanks. 




 Rarely is the question asked, is our children learning? 




 Siegelman: "What has been done by this DOJ will make Watergate look like childs play." 




 Lieberman is a jackass 




 Or while he was yelling at a cloud. 




 Or during reruns of Matlock 




 That's the Log Cabin Republicans 




 Give her a damn table already! 




 If he's elected, we'll be in deep *doo doo* 




 ...and is proof he doesn't know shit. 




 Sure we are.  Just grab Chaka and jump in a pylon. 




 Correct! 




 ...but we already knew he's a liar. 




 Wasn't that Puff Daddy? 




 I assume they will be taking a wide stance on the issue. 




 It's all they've got. 




 Hopefully you printed them as white text on a black page. 




 Hoyer and Pelosi must go! 




 So far a no-show.  Very disappointing. 




 Pelosi and Hoyer need to go. 




 Pelosi sucks ass! 




 Impeachment now? 




 Get a shitty-ass bike that nobody would want. 




 Yeah, most likely due to the stiff competition. 




 I copied the title of the article word for word. 




 Comment downvoted for not knowing the difference between *Whitehouse*, as in Sheldon *Whitehouse*, and the *White House*, as in where our President lives. 




 Dick 




 Bush has always been #2 




 or:  There's the court, where are your balls? 




 Nobody could have anticipated. 




 Morons 




 Why do they hate America? 




 Oh poor Scotty McPorkrinds.  I feel so bad for him.  Really, I do. 




 Poor Scotty McPorkrinds.  He's like Lieberman now in that nobody likes him. 




 So?
 




 A rotting gila monster corpse would outdraw Chimpy and McSame. 




 Hopefully they will all go to jail where they belong -- including Mr. McClellan. 




 Don't forget the exploding batteries. 




 Rove is a festering shitbag. 




 Nevermind that McLame sought out Hagee's endorsement *after* Hagee made many crazy statements.  Birds of a feather... 




 Appeaser!  




 News of Kennedys brain tumor causes Freeper thread to be shut down.

http://pandagon.blogsome.com/2008/05/20/news-of-kennedys-brain-tumor-causes-freeper-thread-to-be-shut-down/
 




 Lifted from another post:

here is a comment (from username: Southpaw018) pasted from FARK:
Ted Kennedy is a Senator who has a 45 year long record spanning thousands of votes on issues that have literally changed our country and the world. He was a champion of the Civil Rights Movement. He's a proponent of equal rights across the board, solid energy policy, sound fiscal policy, of diplomacy, of good education for all children and adults, and has a solid record supported widely by people in both parties on foreign policy.
He also is primarily responsible for drunken driving and, subsequently, the death of a person.

That you, subby, choose to define him by a horrible, unforgivable mistake he made without taking into account the fact that he has worked tirelessly for longer than you've probably even been alive to improve the world in which we live means that you have a problem with the progress he represents, and not particularly with the woman whose life you cheapen by defining him by her death. 




 McCain is a neocon tool. 




 McCain sought Hagee's endorsement *after* Hagee made the Katrina (and many others) remarks. 




 I guess Vito and Vitter are exceptions to the rule. 




 John Yoo is an ass. 




 The questions that matter, like how good a candidate is at bowling or drinking whiskey. 




 update: US military denies Iraq report of al-Qaida arrest
http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5gkx-3oYeFwuWKCusr2jrojs98w8wD90I2QGO0
 




 The Dalai Lama

Obama/Lama '08 




 Space bacon. 




 Idiots are running our country. 




 We can rebuild him. 




 He will testilie - as he was taught. 




 ummmm... does it mean we attack Iran? 




 "those people are shittin'"

"How would you like to be working in the White House right now" 




 "those people are shittin'"

"How would you like to be working in the White House right now" 




 "those people are shittin'"

"How would you like to be working in the White House right now" 




 YAY!  So that means we can leave Iraq? 




 That it may. 




 What was the mission again? 
























 Caption: A Dragon Approaches

This image of SpaceX's Dragon spacecraft as it approached the space station was taken NASA astronaut Don Pettit. The SpaceX Falcon 9 and its Dragon spacecraft launched on Tuesday, May 22, at 3:44 a.m. EDT. 

This mission is a demonstration flight by Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, as part of its contract with NASA to have private companies launch cargo safely to the International Space Station.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Opportunity's Selfie

NASA's Mars Rover Opportunity catches its own late-afternoon shadow in this dramatically lit view eastward across Endeavour Crater on Mars.

The rover used the panoramic camera (Pancam) between about 4:30 and 5:00 p.m. local Mars time to record images taken through different filters and combined into this mosaic view.

Most of the component images were recorded during the 2,888th Martian day, or sol, of Opportunity's work on Mars (March 9, 2012). At that time, Opportunity was spending low-solar-energy weeks of the Martian winter at the Greeley Haven outcrop on the Cape York segment of Endeavour's western rim. In order to give the mosaic a rectangular aspect, some small parts of the edges of the mosaic and sky were filled in with parts of an image acquired earlier as part of a 360-degree panorama from the same location.

Opportunity has been studying the western rim of Endeavour Crater since arriving there in August 2011. This crater spans 14 miles (22 kilometers) in diameter, or about the same area as the city of Seattle. This is more than 20 times wider than Victoria Crater, the largest impact crater that Opportunity had previously examined. The interior basin of Endeavour is in the upper half of this view.

The mosaic combines about a dozen images taken through Pancam filters centered on wavelengths of 753 nanometers (near infrared), 535 nanometers (green) and 432 nanometers (violet). The view is presented in false color to make some differences between materials easier to see, such as the dark sandy ripples and dunes on the crater's distant floor.

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Cornell/Arizona State Univ. 




 Caption: Late Afternoon Shadows at Endeavour Crater on Mars

NASA's Mars Rover Opportunity catches its own late-afternoon shadow in this dramatically lit view eastward across Endeavour Crater on Mars. 

The rover used the panoramic camera (Pancam) between about 4:30 and 5:00 p.m. local Mars time to record images taken through different filters and combined into this mosaic view. 

Most of the component images were recorded during the 2,888th Martian day, or sol, of Opportunity's work on Mars (March 9, 2012). At that time, Opportunity was spending low-solar-energy weeks of the Martian winter at the Greeley Haven outcrop on the Cape York segment of Endeavour's western rim. In order to give the mosaic a rectangular aspect, some small parts of the edges of the mosaic and sky were filled in with parts of an image acquired earlier as part of a 360-degree panorama from the same location. 

Opportunity has been studying the western rim of Endeavour Crater since arriving there in August 2011. This crater spans 14 miles (22 kilometers) in diameter, or about the same area as the city of Seattle. This is more than 20 times wider than Victoria Crater, the largest impact crater that Opportunity had previously examined. The interior basin of Endeavour is in the upper half of this view. 

The mosaic combines about a dozen images taken through Pancam filters centered on wavelengths of 753 nanometers (near infrared), 535 nanometers (green) and 432 nanometers (violet). The view is presented in false color to make some differences between materials easier to see, such as the dark sandy ripples and dunes on the crater's distant floor. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Cornell/Arizona State Univ. 




 Caption: Dragon Fire

The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket soared into space from Space Launch Complex-40 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida, carrying the Dragon capsule to orbit at 3:44 a.m. EDT on Tuesday, May 22, 2012. The launch is the company's second demonstration test flight for NASA's Commercial Orbital Transportation Services, or COTS, Program. During the flight, there will be a series of check-out procedures to test and prove Dragon's systems, including rendezvous and berthing with the International Space Station. If the capsule performs as planned, the cargo and experiments it is carrying will be transferred to the station. 

Image Credit: NASA/Alan Ault 




 I chose r/politics because Tierney's tweets were directed at [Sandra Fluke](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rush_LimbaughSandra_Fluke_controversy) 




 caption: Saturn's Brightly Reflective Moon Enceladus

A brightly reflective Enceladus appears before Saturn's rings, while the planet's larger moon Titan looms in the distance.

Jets of water ice and vapor emanating from the south pole of Enceladus, which hint at subsurface sea rich in organics, and liquid hydrocarbons ponding on the surface on the surface of Titan make these two of the most fascinating moons in the Saturnian system.

Enceladus (313 miles, or 504 kilometers across) is in the center of the image. Titan (3,200 miles, or 5,150 kilometers across) glows faintly in the background beyond the rings. This view looks toward the anti-Saturn side of Enceladus and the Saturn-facing side of Titan. The northern, sunlit side of the rings is seen from just above the ringplane.

The image was taken in visible green light with the Cassini spacecraft narrow-angle camera on March 12, 2012. The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 600,000 miles (1 million kilometers) from Enceladus and at a Sun-Enceladus-spacecraft, or phase, angle of 36 degrees. Image scale is 4 miles (6 kilometers) per pixel on Enceladus.

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 Caption: Engine Test With a Cyclonic Twist

Water forms an interesting cyclonic twist as it is intentionally sucked into the test engine of a U.S. Air Force C-17 transport aircraft during the VIPR project engine health monitoring tests conducted by NASA Dryden. The water was contained on a special platform built by NASA Dryden's Fabrication Branch for the tests.

NASA's Aviation Safety Program is developing technology for improved sensors to help spot changes in vibration, speed, temperature and emissions which are symptomatic of engine glitches. These advanced sensors could alert ground crews to problems that can be eliminated with preventive maintenance before becoming serious safety concerns. Ultimately, the sensors could alert pilots to the presence of destructive volcanic ash particles too small for the eyes to see, giving more time for evasive action to prevent engine damage in flight.

Image Credit: NASA / Tony Landis 




 Caption: SpaceX and NASA Prepare for Launch

In a processing facility at Space Launch Complex-40 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida, Space Exploration Technologies technicians attach the Dragon capsule to the second stage of the companys Falcon 9 rocket. Known as SpaceX, the launch will be the company's second demonstration test flight for NASA's Commercial Orbital Transportation Services program, or COTS. During the flight, the capsule will conduct a series of check-out procedures to test and prove its systems, including rendezvous and berthing with the International Space Station. If the capsule performs as planned, the NanoRacks-CubeLabs Module-9 experiments and other cargo aboard Dragon will be transferred to the station. The cargo includes food, water and provisions for the stations Expedition crews, such as clothing, batteries and computer equipment. Under COTS, NASA has partnered with two private companies to provide resupply missions to the station. The launch is TBD. For more information, visit http://www.nasa.gov/spacex. Photo credit: NASA/Jim Grossmann 




 caption: Orion Ground Test Vehicle Arrives at Kennedy

The Orion Ground Test Vehicle arrived at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Operations   Checkout (O C) Facility on April 21. The vehicle traveled more than 1,800 miles from Lockheed Martin's Waterton Facility near Denver, Colo., where it successfully completed a series of rigorous acoustic, modal and vibration tests that simulated launch and spaceflight environments. 

The ground test vehicle will now be used for pathfinding operations at the O C in preparation for the Orion spaceflight test vehicle's arrival this summer. The spaceflight vehicle is currently being fabricated at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans, La., and is slated for NASA's Exploration Flight Test, or EFT-1, in 2014. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Space Shuttle Discovery Readied for Demate

NASA's Shuttle Carrier Aircraft with the space shuttle Discovery mated on top rolls into position for demating at Washington Dulles International Airport, Wednesday, April 18, 2012, in Sterling, VA. Discovery, the first orbiter retired from NASAs shuttle fleet, completed 39 missions, spent 365 days in space, orbited the Earth 5,830 times, and traveled 148,221,675 miles. NASA will transfer Discovery to the National Air and Space Museum to begin its new mission to commemorate past achievements in space and to educate and inspire future generations of explorers. 

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: Moscow at Night

Moscow appears at the center of this nighttime image photographed by the Expedition 30 crew aboard the International Space Station, flying at an altitude of approximately 240 miles on March 28, 2012. A solar array panel for the space station is on the left side of the frame. The view is to the north-northwest from a nadir of approximately 49.4 degrees north latitude and 42.1 degrees east longitude, about 100 miles west-northwest of Volgograd. The Aurora Borealis, airglow and daybreak frame the horizon.

Image Credit: NASA 




 How does he remember to breathe? 




 caption: Shuttle Carrier Aircraft Arrives at Kennedy Space Center

The newly arrived Shuttle Carrier Aircraft is seen through the platforms of the mate-demate device at the Shuttle Landing Facility at NASAs Kennedy Space Center in Florida. The aircraft, known as an SCA, arrived at 5:35 p.m. EDT on Tuesday, April 10, 2012, to prepare for shuttle Discoverys ferry flight to the Washington Dulles International Airport in Sterling, Va., on April 17. This SCA, designated NASA 905, is a modified Boeing 747 jet airliner, originally manufactured for commercial use.

One of two SCAs employed over the course of the Space Shuttle Program, NASA 905 is assigned to the remaining ferry missions, delivering the shuttles to their permanent public display sites. NASA 911 was decommissioned at the NASA Dryden Flight Research Center in California in February.

Discovery will be placed on permanent public display in the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center in Chantilly, Va.

Image Credit: NASA/Kim Shiflett 




 [related](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/ru2je/so_this_is_happening_at_my_work_now/) 




 [source](http://photoblog.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/03/31/10959909-3d-printer-prints-sand-grain-size-models-at-record-speed) 




 caption: One Millionth Space Station Photo

ISS030-E-126655 (7 March, 2012) --- This photograph, taken by one of the Expedition 30 crew members aboard the International Space Station from approximately 240 miles above the southeastern Tasman Sea, is believed to be the one millionth still image recorded by space station crews. The view, from over a point centered at 46.56 degrees south latitude and 164.33 degrees east longitude, focuses on an area just west of the south end of South Island, New Zealand and was taken about 3:19 a.m. New Zealand time, March 7, 2012. Illumination and the relative motion of features in the overall series of photos suggest that the view is towards the south to southeast with the approaching dawn to the left and a strong band of Aurora Australis, from left to right. A Russian Soyuz and a Russian Progress vehicle are seen center and right in the foreground, respectively. 




 caption: Dusty Mars Rover's Self Portrait

This self portrait from NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity shows dust accumulation on the rover's solar panels as the mission approached its fifth Martian winter. The dust reduces the rover's power supply, and the rover's mobility is limited until the winter is over or wind cleans the panels.

This is a mosaic of images taken by Opportunity's panoramic camera (Pancam) during the 2,111th to 2,814th Martian days, or sols, of the rover's mission (Dec. 21 to Dec. 24, 2011). The downward-looking view omits the mast on which the camera is mounted.

The portrait is presented in approximate true color, the camera team's best estimate of what the scene would look like if humans were there and able to see it with their own eyes.

Opportunity has worked through four Martian southern hemisphere winters since it landed in in January 2004 about 14 miles (23 kilometers) northwest of its current location. Closer to the equator than its twin rover, Spirit, Opportunity has not needed to stay on a sun-facing slope during the previous winters. Now, however, Opportunity's solar panels carry a thicker coating of dust, and the team is using a strategy employed for three winters with Spirit: staying on a sun-facing slope. The sun will pass relatively low in the northern sky from the rover's perspective for several months of shortened daylight before and after the southern Mars winter solstice on March 30, 2012. Opportunity is conducting research while located on the north-facing slope of a site called "Greeley Haven." 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Cornell/Arizona State Univ. 




 Caption: Sunspots and Solar Flares

NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) captured this image of an M7.9 class flare on March 13, 2012 at 1:29 p.m. EDT. It is shown here in the 131 Angstrom wavelength, a wavelength particularly good for seeing solar flares and a wavelength that is typically colorized in teal. The flare peaked at 1:41 p.m. EDT. It was from the same active region, No. 1429, that produced flares and coronal mass ejections the entire week. The region has been moving across the face of the sun since March 2, and will soon rotate out of Earth view.

A solar flare is an intense burst of radiation coming from the release of magnetic energy associated with sunspots. Flares are our solar systems largest explosive events. They are seen as bright areas on the sun and last from mere minutes to several hours. 

Scientists classify solar flares according to their x-ray brightness. There are 3 categories: X-, M- and C-class. X-class flares are the largest of these events. M-class flares are medium-sized; they can cause brief radio blackouts that affect Earth's polar regions. Compared to X- and M-class, C-class flares are small with few noticeable consequences on Earth. 

Image Credit: NASA/SDO 




 Caption: The Serpent Dust Devil of Mars

A towering dust devil, casts a serpentine shadow over the Martian surface in this image acquired by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) camera on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. 

The scene is a late-spring afternoon in the Amazonis Planitia region of northern Mars. The view covers an area about four-tenths of a mile (644 meters) across. North is toward the top. The length of the dusty whirlwind's shadow indicates that the dust plume reaches more than half a mile (800 meters) in height. The plume is about 30 yards or meters in diameter. 

A westerly breeze partway up the height of the dust devil produced a delicate arc in the plume. The image was taken during the time of Martian year when the planet is farthest from the sun. Just as on Earth, winds on Mars are powered by solar heating. Exposure to the sun's rays declines during this season, yet even now, dust devils act relentlessly to clean the surface of freshly deposited dust, a little at a time. 

This view is one product from an observation made by HiRISE on Feb. 16, 2012, at 35.8 degrees north latitude, 207 degrees east longitude. Other image products from the same observation are at http://www.uahirise.org/ESP_026051_2160 . 

HiRISE is one of six instruments on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. The University of Arizona, Tucson, operates the orbiter's HiRISE camera, which was built by Ball Aerospace   Technologies Corp., Boulder, Colo. NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter Project for the NASA Science Mission Directorate, Washington. Lockheed Martin Space Systems, Denver, built the spacecraft.

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Univ. of Arizona 




 Caption: Gumdrop Meets Spider

This image, taken on March 6, 1969, shows the Apollo 9 Command and Service Modules docked with the Lunar Module. Apollo 9 astronaut Dave Scott stands in the open hatch of the Command Module, nicknamed "Gumdrop," docked to the Lunar Module "Spider" in Earth orbit. His crewmate Rusty Schweickart, lunar module pilot, took this photograph from the porch of the lunar module. Inside the lunar module was Apollo 9 commander Jim McDivitt. The crew tested the orbital rendezvous and docking procedures that made the lunar landings possible. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Maybe GM will put out the 6000 SUX. 




 Fuckin' teabaggers. 




 full caption: Beside a Giant

Saturn's largest moon, Titan, looks small here, pictured to the right of the gas giant in this Cassini spacecraft view. 

Titan (3,200 miles, or 5,150 kilometers across) is in the upper right. Saturn's rings appear across the top of the image, and they cast a series of shadows onto the planet across the middle of the image. 

The moon Prometheus (53 miles, or 86 kilometers across) appears as a tiny white speck above the rings in the far upper right of the image. The shadow cast by Prometheus can be seen as a small black speck on the planet on the far left of the image, between the shadows cast by the main rings and the thin F ring. The shadow of the moon Pandora also can be seen on the planet south of the shadows of all the rings, below the center of the image towards the right side of the planet. Pandora is not shown here. 

This view looks toward the southern, unilluminated side of the rings from about 1 degree below the ringplane. 

The image was taken with the Cassini spacecraft wide-angle camera on Jan. 5, 2012 using a spectral filter sensitive to wavelengths of near-infrared light centered at 752 nanometers. The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 426,000 miles (685,000 kilometers) from Saturn and at a Sun-Saturn-spacecraft, or phase, angle of 20 degrees. Image scale is 23 miles (37 kilometers) per pixel on Saturn. The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA, the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington, D.C. The Cassini orbiter and its two onboard cameras were designed, developed and assembled at JPL. The imaging operations center is based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colo. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 [more info](http://www.newsobserver.com/2012/02/24/1879485/nursery-catalog-sets-off-firestorm.html) 




 Caption: Expedition 30 Cosmonauts Perform Spacewalk

This image of Russian cosmonauts Oleg Kononenko and Anton Shkaplerov, both Expedition 30 flight engineers, was taken during a spacewalk on Thursday, Feb. 16, 2012. During the six-hour, 15-minute spacewalk, Kononenko and Shkaplerov moved the Strela-1 crane from the Pirs Docking Compartment in preparation for replacing it in 2012 with a new laboratory and docking module. The duo used another boom, the Strela-2, to move the hand-operated crane to the Poisk module for future assembly and maintenance work. Both telescoping booms extend like fishing rods and are used to move massive components outside the station. On the exterior of the Poisk Mini-Research Module 2, they also installed the Vinoslivost Materials Sample Experiment, which will investigate the influence of space on the mechanical properties of the materials. The spacewalkers also collected a test sample from underneath the insulation on the Zvezda Service Module to search for any signs of living organisms. Both spacewalkers wore Russian Orlan spacesuits bearing blue stripes and equipped with NASA helmet cameras.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Photo credit: Martial Trezzini / EPA 




 Maybe not in public... 




 Can he whip them up into a froth like santorum? 




 Caption: Aurora Borealis Over the Midwest

In this image taken on Jan. 25, 2012, the Aurora Borealis steals the scene in this nighttime photograph shot from the International Space Station as the orbital outpost flew over the Midwest. The spacecraft was above south central Nebraska when the photo was taken. The image, taken at an oblique angle, looks north to northeast.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: An Historic Meeting

John Glenn, standing next to his Friendship 7 capsule in which he made his historic orbital flight, meets with President John F. Kennedy. Mrs. Glenn stands next to her husband. Earlier that day, President Kennedy presented the NASA Distinguished Service Award to Glenn.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Dione on a Diagonal

Saturn and Dione appear askew in this Cassini spacecraft view, with the north poles rotated to the right, as if they were threaded along on the thin diagonal line of the planet's rings.

This view looks toward the anti-Saturn side of Dione (698 miles, or 1,123 kilometers across). North on Dione is up and rotated 20 degrees to the right. This view looks toward the northern, sunlit side of the rings from less than one degree above the ring plane.

The image was taken in visible green light with the Cassini spacecraft wide-angle camera on Dec. 12, 2011. The view was obtained at a distance of approximately 35,000 miles (57,000 kilometers) from Dione and at a Sun-Dione-spacecraft, or phase, angle of 41 degrees. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 RIP 




 Caption: Panorama of the East Coast

This Jan. 29 panorama of much of the East Coast, photographed by one of the Expedition 30 crew members aboard the International Space Station, provides a look generally northeastward: Philadelphia-New York City-Boston corridor (bottom-center); western Lake Ontario shoreline with Toronto (left edge); Montreal (near center). An optical illusion in the photo makes the atmospheric limb and light activity from Aurora Borealis appear "intertwined." 

Image Credit: NASA 




 It's the republican way. 




 Caption: Remembering Apollo 1

On January 27, 1967, Apollo 1's crew--Virgil I. "Gus" Grissom, Edward H. White II and Roger B. Chaffee--was killed when a fire erupted in their capsule during testing. Apollo 1 was originally designated AS-204 but following the fire, the astronauts' widows requested that the mission be remembered as Apollo 1 and following missions would be numbered subsequent to the flight that never made it into space.

Image credit: NASA  




 Caption: Opportunity's Eighth Anniversary View From 'Greeley Haven' (False Color)

This mosaic of images taken in mid-January 2012 shows the windswept vista northward (left) to northeastward (right) from the location where NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity is spending its fifth Martian winter, an outcrop informally named "Greeley Haven." 

Opportunity's Panoramic Camera (Pancam) took the component images as part of full-circle view being assembled from Greeley Haven. 

The view includes sand ripples and other wind-sculpted features in the foreground and mid-field. The northern edge of the the "Cape York" segment of the rim of Endeavour Crater forms an arc across the upper half of the scene. 

Opportunity landed on Mars on Jan. 25, 2004, Universal Time and EST (Jan. 24, PST). It has driven 21.4 miles (34.4 kilometers) as of its eighth anniversary on the planet. In late 2011, the rover team drove Opportunity up onto Greeley Haven to take advantage of the outcrop's sun-facing slope to boost output from the rover's dusty solar panels during the Martian winter. 

Research activities while at Greeley Haven include a radio-science investigation of the interior of Mars, inspections of mineral compositions and textures on the outcrop, and monitoring of wind-caused changes on scales from dunes to individual soil particles. 

The image combines exposures taken through Pancam filters centered on wavelengths of 753 nanometers (near infrared), 535 nanometers (green) and 432 nanometers (violet). The view is presented in false color to make some differences between materials easier to see. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Cornell/Arizona State Univ. 




 Caption: Closest Dione Flyby

Flying past Saturn's moon Dione, Cassini captured this view which includes two smaller moons, Epimetheus and Prometheus, near the planet's rings. 

The image was taken in visible light with Cassini's narrow-angle camera during the spacecraft's flyby of Dione on Dec. 12, 2011. This encounter was the spacecraft's closest pass of the moon's surface, but, because this flyby was intended primarily for other Cassini instruments, it did not yield Cassini's best images of the moon. Higher resolution images were obtained during earlier flybys (see PIA07638). 

Dione (698 miles, or 1,123 kilometers across) is closest to Cassini here and is on the left of the image. Potato-shaped Prometheus (53 miles, or 86 kilometers across) appears above the rings near the center top of the image. Epimetheus (70 miles, or 113 kilometers across) is on the right. 

This view looks toward the northern, sunlit side of the rings from less than one degree above the ring plane. The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 67,000 miles (108,000 kilometers) from Dione. Image scale is 2,122 feet (647 meters) per pixel on Dione. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 [Another view of the scene](http://a.abcnews.com/images/US/ap_santa_barbara_highway_rescue_dm_120116_wg.jpg) 




 Caption: Dramatic rescue
Firefighters rescue a family from a car dangling over a bridge after a fiery crash, Jan. 12, on Highway 101 near Buellton, Calif. The accident claimed the life of a truck driver.

A team of Navy Seabees happened to be passing by the scene, and the fire crew used a Seabees heavy forklift to stabilize the dangling car. A mother and her two daughters were taken to the hospital.

Mike Eliason / Santa Barbara News 




 Is that Mitt Romney driving? 




 Caption: Three Generations of Rovers with Crouching Engineers

Two spacecraft engineers join a grouping of vehicles providing a comparison of three generations of Mars rovers developed at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif. The setting is JPL's Mars Yard testing area. 

Front and center is the flight spare for the first Mars rover, Sojourner, which landed on Mars in 1997 as part of the Mars Pathfinder Project. On the left is a Mars Exploration Rover Project test rover that is a working sibling to Spirit and Opportunity, which landed on Mars in 2004. On the right is a Mars Science Laboratory test rover the size of that project's Mars rover, Curiosity, which is on course for landing on Mars in August 2012. 

Sojourner and its flight spare, named Marie Curie, are 2 feet (65 centimeters) long. The Mars Exploration Rover Project's rover, including the "Surface System Test Bed" rover in this photo, are 5.2 feet (1.6 meters) long. The Mars Science Laboratory Project's Curiosity rover and "Vehicle System Test Bed" rover, on the right, are 10 feet (3 meters) long. 

The engineers are JPL's Matt Robinson, left, and Wesley Kuykendall. The California Institute of Technology, in Pasadena, operates JPL for NASA. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech 




 Caption: RS-25D Engine Awaits Shipment at Kennedy Space Center

A RS-25D engine in the Engine Processing Facility at Kennedy Space Center, Fla., is awaiting placement in a transportation canister for shipment to Stennis Space Center in south Mississippi. The 15 RS-25D engines used during the Space Shuttle Program will be stored at Stennis for future use on NASA's new heavy-lift rocket, the Space Launch System, which will carry NASA's new Orion spacecraft, cargo, equipment and science experiments beyond low-Earth orbit. 

Credit: NASA/KSC 




 Caption: Welcome Disruption

The line of Saturn's rings disrupts the Cassini spacecraft's view of the moons Tethys and Titan. 

Larger Titan (3,200 miles, or 5,150 kilometers across) is on the left. Tethys (660 miles, or 1,062 kilometers across) is near the center of the image. This view looks toward the Saturn-facing sides of Tethys and Titan. The angle also shows the northern, sunlit side of the rings from less than one degree above the ring plane. The image was taken in visible red light with the Cassini spacecraft narrow-angle camera on Dec. 7, 2011. The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 1.4 million miles (2.2 million kilometers) from Tethys and 1.9 million miles (3.1 million kilometers) from Titan. Image scale is 8 miles (13 kilometers) per pixel on Tethys and 12 miles (19 kilometers) on Titan. 

The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA, the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington, D.C. The Cassini orbiter and its two on-board cameras were designed, developed and assembled at JPL. The imaging operations center is based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colo. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 Caption: The Past, Powering the Future

All six Pratt Whitney Rocketdyne space shuttle main engines from Endeavour's STS-134 and Atlantis' STS-135 missions sit in test cells inside the Engine Shop at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. For the first time, all 15 shuttle main engines are in the shop at the same time, being prepped for shipment to NASA's Stennis Space Center in Mississippi, where they are being repurposed for use on NASA's next generation heavy lift rocket, the Space Launch System. 

Photo credit: NASA/Dimitri Gerondidakis 




 caption: Sub-scale Drogue Chute Testing

Dr. Anita Sengupta and Donn Liddle of NASA are pictured in the low speed wind tunnel at Texas A M University, which is being used for testing of a scale model of the Orion spacecraft and its parachute system. 

Image credit: NASA/James Blair 




 Caption: Wallops Launch on Jan. 11, 2012

A NASA Terrier-Improved Malemute suborbital sounding rocket was successfully launched this morning, Jan. 11, 2012, at 8:25 from the Wallops Flight Facility. This was a test flight of the vehicle being developed to support NASA suborbital science missions. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 The picture makes it look so big. 




 "The first six flight ready James Webb Space Telescope's primary mirror segments are prepped to begin final cryogenic testing at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala. Credit: NASA/Chris Gunn" 




 Caption: Space Station Flying by the Moon

The International Space Station can be seen as a small object in upper left of this image of the moon in the early evening Jan. 4 in the skies over the Houston area flying at an altitude of 390.8 kilometers (242.8 miles). The space station can occasionally be seen in the night sky with the naked eye and a pair of field binoculars. 

Image credit: NASA/Lauren Harnett 




 Caption: Earth Observations

This unusual image was photographed through the Cupola on the International Space Station by one of the Expedition 30 crew members.

The lake just above the bracket-mounted camera at center is Egirdir Golu in Turkey, located at 38.05 degrees north latitude and 30.89 degrees east longitude. A Russian Soyuz spacecraft is docked to the station at lower right and part of the Permanent Multipurpose Module (PMM) can be seen just above it. 

The photo was taken on Dec. 29, 2011.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Orange and Blue Hazes

This view from NASA's Cassini spacecraft looks toward the south polar region of Saturn's largest moon, Titan, and shows a depression within the moon's orange and blue haze layers near the south pole.

The moon's high altitude haze layer appears blue here; whereas, the main atmospheric haze is orange. The difference in color could be due to particle size of the haze. The blue haze likely consists of smaller particles than the orange haze. 

The depressed or attenuated layer appears in the transition area between the orange and blue hazes about a third of the way in from the left edge of the narrow-angle image. The moon's south pole is in the upper right of this image. This view suggests Titan's north polar vortex, or hood, is beginning to flip from north to south. 

The southern pole of Titan is going into darkness as the sun advances towards the north with each passing day. The upper layer of Titan's hazes is still illuminated by sunlight.

Images taken using red, green and blue spectral filters were combined to create this natural color view. The images were obtained on Sept. 11, 2011 at a distance of approximately 83,000 miles (134,000 kilometers) from Titan. Image scale is 2,581 feet (787 meters) per pixel.

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 Caption: Expedition 30 Soyuz Rolls to the Pad

The Soyuz TMA-03M spacecraft is rolled out by train on its way to the launch pad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan, Monday, Dec. 19, 2011. The launch of the Soyuz spacecraft with Expedition 30 Soyuz Commander Oleg Kononenko of Russia, NASA Flight Engineer Don Pettit and European Space Agency astronaut and Flight Engineer Andre Kuipers is scheduled for 8:16 a.m. EST on Wednesday, Dec. 21. 

Image Credit: NASA/Carla Cioffi 




 Pizza Czar 




 Caption: This Dec. 8, 2011 satellite image provided by the the DigitalGlobe Analysis Center shows the Chinese aircraft carrier Varyag sailing in the Yellow Sea, approximately 100 kilometers south-southeast of the port of Dalian, China. (AP Photo/DigitalGlobe)  




 Caption: Apollo 17 Extravehicular Activity - 39 Years Ago Today

39 years ago, today, scientist-astronaut Harrison H. Schmitt is photographed standing next to a huge, split lunar boulder during the third Apollo 17 extravehicular activity (EVA) at the Taurus-Littrow landing site. The Lunar Roving Vehicle (LRV), which transported Schmitt and Eugene A. Cernan to this extravehicular station from their Lunar Module (LM), is seen in the background. The mosaic is made from two frames from Apollo 17 Hasselblad magazine 140. The two frames were photographed by Cernan. 

Image Credit: NASA/Eugene Cernan 




 Caption: In, Around, Beyond Rings

A quartet of Saturn's moons, from tiny to huge, surround and are embedded within the planet's rings in this Cassini composition. 

Saturn's largest moon, Titan, is in the background of the image, and the moon's north polar hood is clearly visible. See PIA08137 to learn more about that feature on Titan (3,200 miles, or 5,150 kilometers across). Next, the wispy terrain on the trailing hemisphere of Dione (698 miles, or 1,123 kilometers across) can be seen on that moon which appears just above the rings at the center of the image. See PIA10560 and PIA06163 to learn more about Dione's wisps. Saturn's small moon Pandora (50 miles, or 81 kilometers across) orbits beyond the rings on the right of the image. Finally, Pan (17 miles, or 28 kilometers across) can be seen in the Encke Gap of the A ring on the left of the image. 

This view looks toward the northern, sunlit side of the rings from just above the ringplane. 

The image was taken in visible blue light with the Cassini spacecraft narrow-angle camera on Sept. 17, 2011. The view was obtained at a distance of approximately 1.3 million miles (2.1 million kilometers) from Dione and at a Sun-Dione-spacecraft, or phase, angle of 27 degrees. Image scale is 8 miles (13 kilometers) per pixel on Dione. 

The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA, the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington, D.C. The Cassini orbiter and its two onboard cameras were designed, developed and assembled at JPL. The imaging operations center is based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colo. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 Caption: Echo II, a Balloon Satellite

Echo II is shown here undergoing a tensile stress test in a dirigible hanger at Weekesville, North Carolina. A dirigible is a type of aerostat or "lighter-than-air" aircraft. The 135-foot rigidized balloon satellite was sent into orbit as a passive communications experiment by NASA on January 25, 1964. 

When folded, the satellite was packed into the 41-inch diameter canister shown in the foreground. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Cption: Kepler Launch in 2009

On Launch Pad 17-B at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida, United Launch Alliance's Delta II rocket carrying NASA's Kepler spacecraft rises through the exhaust cloud created by the firing of the rockets engines. Liftoff was on time at 10:49 p.m. EST on March 6, 2009. 

Kepler is a space-borne telescope designed to search the nearby region of our galaxy for Earth-size planets orbiting in the habitable zone of stars like our sun. The habitable zone is the region around a star where temperatures permit water to be liquid on a planet's surface. The challenge for Kepler is to look at a large number of stars in order to statistically estimate the total number of Earth-size planets orbiting sun-like stars in the habitable zone. Kepler will survey more than 100,000 stars in our galaxy. 

Image credit: NASA, Regina Mitchell-Ryall and Tom Farrar 




 Is that a Bald Eagle in the tree? 




 Caption: Apollo 17 Splashdown

The Apollo 17 spacecraft, containing astronauts Eugene A. Cernan, Ronald E. Evans, and Harrison H. Schmitt, glided to a safe splashdown at 2:25 p.m. EST on Dec. 19, 1972, 648 kilometers (350 nautical miles) southeast of American Samoa. 

The astronauts were flown by recovery helicopter to the U.S.S. Ticonderoga slightly less than an hour after the completion of NASA's sixth and last manned lunar landing in the Apollo program. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Astronaut Tests SAFER Backpack

Astronaut Mark Lee tests the new backpack called Simplified Aid for EVA Rescue (SAFER), a system designed for use in the event a crew member becomes untethered while conducting an EVA. The Lidar-In-Space Technology Experiment (LITE) is shown in the foreground. The LITE payload employs lidar, which stands for light detection and ranging, a type of optical radar using laser pulses instead of radio waves to study Earth's atmosphere. Unprecedented views were obtained of cloud structures, storm systems, dust clouds, pollutants, forest burning, and surface reflectance. The STS-64 mission marked the first untethered U.S. EVA in 10 years, and was launched on September 9, 1994, aboard the Space Shuttle Orbiter Discovery. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 [Flame Extinguishment Experiment](http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/news/FLEX_Video.html) (FLEX) Chamber Insert Assembly Apparatus 

"Flames in space burn with a lower temperature, at a lower rate, and with less oxygen than in normal gravity. This means that materials used to extinguish the fire must be present in higher concentrations. The slow flow of air from the fans mixing the air in a spacecraft can make the flames burn even faster. 

To help understand how flames behave and burn in space, FLEX researchers ignite a small drop of either heptane or methanol. As this little sphere of fuel burns for about 20 seconds, it is engulfed by a spherically symmetric flame. The droplet shrinks until either the flame extinguishes or the fuel runs out." 




 Mars Science Laboratory Inspection

In the Payload Hazardous Servicing Facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, technicians inspect under NASA's Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) mission aeroshell, where the wheels of the rover Curiosity can be seen. MSL's components include a car-sized rover, Curiosity, which has 10 science instruments designed to search for evidence on whether Mars has had environments favorable to microbial life, including chemical ingredients for life. The unique rover will use a laser to look inside rocks and release its gases so that the rover's spectrometer can analyze and send the data back to Earth. Launch of MSL aboard a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket is scheduled for Nov. 26 from Space Launch Complex 41 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. 

Image credit: NASA and Glenn Benson 




 Caption: MSL Launches to the Red Planet

The Atlantic Ocean provides a backdrop as the United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket clears the tower at Space Launch Complex 41 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. Sealed inside the rocket's protective payload fairing is NASA's Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) spacecraft, beginning a 9-month interplanetary cruise to Mars. Liftoff was at 10:02 a.m. EST Nov. 26. MSL's components include a car-sized rover, Curiosity, which has 10 science instruments designed to search for signs of life, including methane, and help determine if the gas is from a biological or geological source.

Image Credit: NASA/Darrell L. McCall 




 Caption: Wheels Installed On Curiosity

Originally taken in July 2010, this photo shows NASA engineers installing six wheels on the Curiosity rover. NASA's Mars Science Laboratory Project will launch Curiosity on Friday, Nov. 26. Curiosity is scheduled for arrival at Mars in August 2012. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech 




 Caption: Claritas Fossae, Mars

Mars' Claritas Fossae region is characterized by systems of "graben" running mainly north-west to south-east. A graben forms when a block of the planet's crust drops down between two faults, due to extension, or pulling, of the crust.

This image was originally released July 13, 2011. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/University of Arizona 




 Caption: Soyuz on the Launch Pad

The Soyuz TMA-22 rocket is seen on the launch pad during a snow storm the morning of the launch of Expedition 29 to the International Space Station at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan, Monday, Nov. 14, 2011. 

Image Credit: NASA/Carla Cioffi 




 caption: Bean Walks on the Moon

Astronaut Alan L. Bean, Lunar Module pilot, pauses near a tool carrier during the Apollo 12 spacewalk on the moon's surface. Commander Charles Conrad, Jr., who took the black-and-white photo, is reflected in Bean's helmet visor. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 caption: A First for NASA

On Oct. 22, 1968, the Apollo 7 crew is welcomed aboard the USS Essex, the prime recovery ship for the mission. This was the first Apollo splashdown and, therefore, the first three person 'landing' for NASA. 

Left to right, are astronauts Walter M. Schirra Jr., commander; Donn F. Eisele, command module pilot; and, Walter Cunningham, lunar module pilot. In left background is Dr. Donald E. Stullken, NASA Recovery Team Leader from the Manned Spacecraft Center's Landing and Recovery Division. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Stores shouldn't sell this flavor because it isn't very good, not because Mississippi moms don't want little Johnny to see it on store shelves.  Maybe Mississippi moms should focus their energy on being better parents so this kind of thing isn't really a big deal. 




 Caption from EXIF: A Libyan National Transitional Council (NTC) fighter looks through a large concrete pipe where ousted Libyan leader  Moamer Kadhafi was allegedly captured, with a dead loyalist gunmen in the foreground, in the coastal Libyan city of Sirte on October 20, 2011.  A Libyan National Transitional Council (NTC) commander had told AFP that Kadhafi was captured as his hometown Sirte was falling, adding that the ousted strongman was badly wounded.  Arabic graffiti in blue reads: "This is the place of Kadhafi, the rat.. God is the greatest."   AFP PHOTO/PHILIPPE DESMAZES
 




 Jim DeMint is a fucking moron. Pass it on. 




 Proving once again that teabaggers are partisan, not patriotic.  Party before country. 




 Caption: Failure Is Not An Option

Gene Kranz (foreground, back to camera), an Apollo 13 Flight Director, watches Apollo 13 astronaut and lunar module pilot Fred Haise onscreen in the Mission Operations Control Room, during the mission's fourth television transmission on the evening of April 13, 1970. Shortly after the transmission, an explosion occurred that ended any hope of a lunar landing and jeopardized the lives of the crew.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: NASA's J-2X Engine

This image is from a 2008 cold flow test campaign conducted at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center for the J-2X engine program. 

NASA continues to test the J-2X engine and conducted a 40-second test of the rocket engine Sept. 28, the most recent in a series of tests of the next-generation engine selected as part of the Space Launch System architecture that will once again carry humans into deep space. It was a test at the 99 percent power level to gain a better understanding of start and shutdown systems as well as modifications that had been made from previous test firing results.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Earth's Moon

Photographed by the Expedition 28 crew aboard the International Space Station, this image shows the moon, the Earth's only natural satellite, at center with the limb of Earth near the bottom transitioning into the orange-colored troposphere, the lowest and most dense portion of the Earth's atmosphere. The troposphere ends abruptly at the tropopause, which appears in the image as the sharp boundary between the orange- and blue-colored atmosphere. The silvery-blue noctilucent clouds extend far above the Earth's troposphere. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Orion Prepares for Next Round of Acoustic Testing

The Orion MPCV ground test vehicle is lifted into the acoustic chamber at Lockheed Martins facilities near Denver on Thursday, Sept. 15, 2011, in preparation for the Launch Abort Vehicle Configuration Test. For this test, the MPCV, or multi-purpose crew vehicle, is covered with fillets and ogive panels which resemble the vehicles launch configuration. The spacecraft will undergo testing at sound pressure levels that emulate those experienced at launch and in the event an abort is needed to carry the crew to safety away from a potential problem on the launch pad or during ascent.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Aurora Australis

Video of the Aurora Australis taken by the crew of Expedition 29 on board the International Space Station. This sequence of shots was taken September 17, 2011 from 17:22:27 to 17:45:12 GMT, on an ascending pass from south of Madagascar to just north of Australia over the Indian Ocean. 




 Caption: A Quintet of Saturn's Moons

A quintet of Saturn's moons come together in the Cassini spacecraft's field of view for this portrait.

Janus (179 kilometers, or 111 miles across) is on the far left. Pandora (81 kilometers, or 50 miles across) orbits between the A ring and the thin F ring near the middle of the image. Brightly reflective Enceladus (504 kilometers, or 313 miles across) appears above the center of the image. Saturn's second largest moon, Rhea (1,528 kilometers, or 949 miles across), is bisected by the right edge of the image. The smaller moon Mimas (396 kilometers, or 246 miles across) can be seen beyond Rhea also on the right side of the image.

This view looks toward the northern, sunlit side of the rings from just above the ringplane. Rhea is closest to Cassini here. The rings are beyond Rhea and Mimas. Enceladus is beyond the rings.

The image was taken in visible green light with the Cassini spacecraft narrow-angle camera on July 29, 2011. The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 1.1 million kilometers (684,000 miles) from Rhea and 1.8 million kilometers (1.1 million miles) from Enceladus. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 Caption: The Moon's North Pole

The Earth's moon has been an endless source of fascination for humanity for thousands of years. When at last Apollo 11 landed on the moon's surface in 1969, the crew found a desolate, lifeless orb, but one which still fascinates scientist and non-scientist alike.

This image of the moon's north polar region was taken by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Camera, or LROC. One of the primary scientific objectives of LROC is to identify regions of permanent shadow and near-permanent illumination. Since the start of the mission, LROC has acquired thousands of Wide Angle Camera images approaching the north pole. From these images, scientists produced this mosaic, which is composed of 983 images taken over a one month period during northern summer. This mosaic shows the pole when it is best illuminated, regions that are in shadow are candidates for permanent shadow. 

Image Credit: NASA/GSFC/Arizona State University 




 Caption: ... And on the 2,690th Martian Day

NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity used its navigation camera to take this picture showing a light-toned rock, nicknamed Tisdale 2, on its 2,690th Martian day, or sol, of the rover's work on Mars (Aug. 18, 2011). The rock is about 12 inches (30 centimeters) tall. 

In subsequent sols, the rover used tools on its robotic arm to examine Tisdale 2. That rock and others on the ground beyond it were apparently ejected by the impact that excavated a 66-foot-wide (20-meter-wide) crater, called Odyssey, which is nearby to the left of this scene. Odyssey and these rocks are on a low ridge called Cape York, which is a segment of the western rim of Endeavour crater. Part of Opportunity's array of photovoltaic cells is visible in the foreground. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech 




 Caption: Night Flight

Space shuttle Challenger's third flight was the first to have its beginnings in darkness, as NASA's eighth space shuttle launch lit up the Florida sky at 2:32 a.m. EDT, Aug. 30, 1983. The STS-8 crew consisted of Commander Richard Truly, pilot Daniel Brandenstein, and mission specialists Dale Gardner, Guy Bluford and William Thornton. 

On Jan. 28, 1986, Challenger and its crew were lost when a booster engine failed, causing the shuttle to break apart just 73 seconds after launch.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Full Disk Image of Earth Captured August 26, 2011

NASA / NOAA GOES-13 satellite image showing earth on August 26, 2011 at 14:45 UTC (10:45 a.m. EDT). Hurricane Irene can been seen on the U.S. East Coast.

Irene Almost 1/3 the Size of East Coast. Irene has become a major hurricane, and NASA satellite data shows its diameter is now about 510 miles -- roughly 1/3 the length of the U.S. Atlantic coastline. Hurricane watches are in effect for much of the East Coast. 




 Caption: Testing Orion

Technicians position microphones around the Orion MPCV, or Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle, and LAS, or Launch Abort System, test craft in preparation for the second round of testing in the acoustic chamber at Lockheed Martins facilities near Denver in late August 2011. The vehicle was bombarded by acoustic levels of 150 decibels to simulate conditions during launch and abort, if necessary. 

Image Credit: Lockheed Martin 




 Caption: Ophir Chasma

During its examination of Mars, the Viking 1 spacecraft returned images of Valles Marineris, a huge canyon system 5,000 km, or about 3,106 miles, long, whose connected chasma or valleys may have formed from a combination of erosional collapse and structural activity. This synthetic oblique view shows Ophir Chasma, the northern most one of the connected valleys of Valles Marineris. For scale, the large impact crater in lower right corner is about 18.5 miles, or 30 km, wide.

Ophir Chasma is a large west-northwest-trending trough about 62 miles, or 100 km, wide. The Chasma is bordered by high-walled cliffs, most likely faults, that show spur-and-gully morphology and smooth sections. The walls have been dissected by landslides forming reentrants. The volume of the landslide debris is more than 1,000 times greater than that from the May 18, 1980, debris avalanche from Mount St. Helens. The longitudinal grooves seen in the foreground are thought to be due to differential shear and lateral spreading at high velocities. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL/USGS 




 Caption: Long Way From Home

This picture of a crescent-shaped Earth and Moon -- the first of its kind ever taken by a spacecraft -- was recorded Sept. 18, 1977, by NASA's Voyager 1 when it was 7.25 million miles (11.66 million kilometers) from Earth. 

This photo was made from three images taken through color filters, then processed at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Because the Earth is many times brighter than the moon, the moon was artificially brightened so that both bodies would show clearly in the prints.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: GRAIL Moon Mission Comes Together

NASA's twin Gravity Recovery and Interior Laboratory (GRAIL) spacecraft are lowered onto the second stage of their Delta II launch vehicle at Space Launch Complex 17B at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida (8/18/2011). 

Image credit: NASA/KSC 




 The misspelling was in the original title 




 Caption: Opportunity's Heat Shield

This image from 2005 shows the remains of the heat shield from NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity, broken into two key pieces, the main piece on the left side and a broken-off flank piece near the middle of the image. The heat shield impact site is identified by the circle of red dust on the right side of the picture. In this view, Opportunity is approximately 66 feet (20 meters) from the heat shield, which protected it while hurtling through the Martian atmosphere.

In the far left of the image, a meteorite called 'Heat Shield Rock' sits nearby, as the sun reflected off the silver-colored underside of the internal thermal blankets of the heat shield. The rover spent 36 sols investigating how the severe heating during entry through the atmosphere affected the heat shield. The most obvious is the fact that the heat shield inverted upon impact.

This is an approximately true-color rendering of the scene acquired around 1:22 p.m. local solar time on Opportunity sol 324 (Dec. 21, 2004) in an image mosaic using panoramic filters at wavelengths of 750, 530, and 430 nanometers. Opportunity has now spent more than 2,680 sols, or Martian days, on the Red Planet. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL/Cornell 




 Caption: Preparing for Testing

Standing five stories tall fully stacked, the Launch Abort System was mounted atop the Orion MPCV, or Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle, last week at the Lockheed Martins facilities near Denver. Orion is being prepared for the next round of testing in an acoustic chamber. Each test will expose the Orion MPCV and its launch abort system to acoustic levels exceeding 150 decibels while instruments record the vehicles response. 

The test vehicles will provide critical data used to model the spacecraft's capabilities to perform deep space exploration missions. The vehicles will undergo testing at sound pressure levels that emulate those experienced at launch and in the event an abort is needed to carry the crew to safety away from a potential problem on the launch pad or during ascent.

Image Credit: Lockheed Martin 




 Caption: Cleveland Volcano, Aleutian Islands

At 3:00 p.m. Alaska Daylight Time on May 23, 2006, Flight Engineer Jeff Williams from International Space Station (ISS) Expedition 13 contacted the Alaska Volcano Observatory (AVO) to report that the Cleveland Volcano had produced a plume of ash. Shortly after the activity began, he took this photograph. This picture shows the ash plume moving west-southwest from the volcanos summit. A bank of fog (upper right) is a common feature around the Aleutian Islands. The event proved to be short-lived; two hours later, the plume had completely detached from the volcano. The AVO reported that the ash cloud height could have been as high as 6,000 meters (20,000 feet) above sea level.

Cleveland Volcano, situated on the western half of Chuginadak Island, is one of the most active of the volcanoes in the Aleutian Islands, which extend west-southwest from the Alaska mainland. It is a stratovolcano, composed of alternating layers of hardened lava, compacted volcanic ash, and volcanic rocks. 

Image credit: NASA  




 Caption: Opportunity's View of the Rim of Endeavour

NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity used its panoramic camera to capture this view of Endeavour Crater's rim after a drive during the rover's 2,676th Martian day, or sol, of working on Mars (Aug. 4, 2011). The drive covered 396 feet (120.7 meters) and put the rover with about that much distance to go before reaching the chosen arrival site at the rim, called 'Spirit Point.'

Endeavour Crater has been the rover team's destination for Opportunity since the rover finished exploring Victoria crater in August 2008. Endeavour, with a diameter of about 14 miles (22 kilometers), offers access to older geological deposits than any Opportunity has seen before. This view looks toward a portion of the rim south of Spirit Point, including terrain that Opportunity may explore in the future. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Cornell/ASU 




 Caption: Cosmonauts Conduct Spacewalk

Cosmonauts Sergei Volkov and Alexander Samokutyaev (out of frame), attired in Russian Orlan spacesuits, conducted a spacewalk on Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2011, on the Russian segment of the International Space Station. During the six-hour, 23-minute spacewalk, the Expedition 28 flight engineers moved a cargo boom from one airlock to another, installed a prototype laser communications system and deployed an amateur radio micro-satellite.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: This Is What the Moon Looks Like From Space

On Sunday, July 31, 2011, when Expedition 28 astronaut Ron Garan aboard the International Space Station looked out his window, this is what he saw: the moon. And, he saw it 16 times. Said Garan, "We had simultaneous sunsets and moonsets." For Garan and the rest of the station crew, this extraordinary event is a daily occurrence. Since the station orbits the Earth every 90 minutes, each day the crew experiences this about 16 times a day.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Close-up View of 'Snowman' Craters

A set of three craters, nicknamed "Snowman," are seen in this image of the northern hemisphere of Vesta. This image was obtained by the framing camera on NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 24, 2011 from a distance of about 3,200 miles (5,200 kilometers). 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA 




 Caption: Dark Side of Vesta

NASA's Dawn spacecraft obtained this image with its framing camera on July 23, 2011. It was taken from a distance of about 3,200 miles (5,200 kilometers) away from the giant asteroid Vesta. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA 




 Caption: Integration

Preparations are underway to begin integration of the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle Launch Abort System (foreground) with the Crew Module (background) for acoustical testing. The tests will be conducted in the Reverberant Acoustics Laboratory at the Lockheed Martin Waterton facility near Denver, Colorado. The Orion stack will be exposed to a series of acoustic tests of increasing decibels that simulate the sound pressure levels that the vehicle will encounter during launch. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Testing NASA's Next Deep Space Vehicle

"5...4...3...2...1...release." With that countdown, the Apollo-like test article that is a base model for the agency's future Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle, took flight swinging across the sky -- nearing 50 mph (80.5 kph) -- at NASA Langley's Landing and Impact Research Facility.

Image Credit: NASA/Sean Smith 




 Caption: Driving on the Moon

Apollo 15 lunar module pilot Jim Irwin loaded the lunar rover with tools and equipment in preparation for the first lunar spacewalk at the Hadley-Apennine landing site. The Lunar Module 'Falcon' appears on the left in this image. The undeployed Laser Ranging Retro-Reflector lies atop Falcon's Modular Equipment Stowage Assembly. 

Apollo 15 launched 40 years ago today on July 26, 1971, from Launch Pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Gale Crater - Future Home of Mars Rover Curiosity

NASA has selected Gale crater as the landing site for the Mars Science Laboratory mission. The mission's rover will be placed on the ground in a northern portion of the crater in August 2012. This view of Gale is a mosaic of observations made in the visible-light portion of the spectrum by the Thermal Emission Imaging System camera on NASA's Mars Odyssey orbiter. 

Gale crater is 96 miles (154 kilometers) in diameter and holds a layered mountain rising about 3 miles (5 kilometers) above the crater floor. The portion of the crater within the planned landing area north of the mountain has an alluvial fan likely formed by water-carried sediments. The lower layers of the nearby mountain -- within driving distance for Curiosity -- contain minerals indicating a wet history. 

The intended landing site is at 4.5 degrees south latitude, 137.4 degrees east longitude. 

The Mars Science Laboratory spacecraft is being perpared for launch during the period Nov. 25 to Dec. 18, 2011. In a prime mission lasting one Martian year -- nearly two Earth years -- after landing, researchers will use the rover's tools to study whether the landing region has had environmental conditions favorable for supporting microbial life and for preserving clues about whether life existed. 

NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the Mars Science Laboratory Project and Mars Odyssey for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington. Arizona State University, Tempe, operates the Thermal Emission Imaging System. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/ASU 




 Caption: Completing the Mission

After completing the STS-135 mission, space shuttle Atlantis is rolled over to the Orbiter Processing Facility shortly after landing at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility. Atlantis and the STS-135 crew completed a 13-day mission to the International Space Station and the final flight of the Space Shuttle Program, early Thursday morning, July 21, 2011, in Cape Canaveral, Fla. Overall, Atlantis spent 307 days in space and traveled nearly 126 million miles during its 33 flights. Atlantis, the fourth orbiter built, launched on its first mission on Oct. 3, 1985. 

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: The End of an Era

Workers measured and marked in bright red the letters "MLG" at the spot where space shuttle Atlantis' main landing gear came to rest after the vehicle's final return from space. Securing the space shuttle fleet's place in history on the STS-135 mission, Atlantis safely and successfully rounded out NASA's Space Shuttle Program on the Shuttle Landing Facility's Runway 15 at Kennedy Space Center in Florida.

Main gear touchdown was at 5:57:00 a.m. EDT, followed by nose gear touchdown at 5:57:20 a.m., and wheelstop at 5:57:54 a.m. On the 37th shuttle mission to the International Space Station, STS-135 delivered more than 9,400 pounds of spare parts, equipment and supplies in the Raffaello multi-purpose logistics module that will sustain station operations for the next year. STS-135 was the 33rd and final flight for Atlantis, which has spent 307 days in space, orbited Earth 4,848 times and traveled 125,935,769 miles. 

Image Credit: NASA/Kyle Herring 




 caption: Asteroid Vesta

NASA's Dawn spacecraft obtained this image with its framing camera on July 18, 2011. It was taken from a distance of about 6,500 miles (10,500 kilometers) away from the protoplanet Vesta. The smallest detail visible is about 1.2 miles (2.0 km). 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/DLR/IDA 




 caption: Station Crew Views Shuttle Landing

This unprecedented view of the space shuttle Atlantis, appearing like a bean sprout against clouds and city lights, on its way home, was photographed by the Expedition 28 crew of the International Space Station. Airglow over Earth can be seen in the background. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Atlantis and ISS Separate for the Final Time

This picture of space shuttle Atlantis was photographed from the International Space Station as the orbiting complex and the shuttle performed their relative separation in the early hours of July 19, 2011.

The Raffaello multi-purpose logistics module, which transported tons of supplies to the complex, can be seen in the cargo bay. It is filled with different materials from the station for return to Earth. 

Onboard the station were Russian cosmonauts Andrey Borisenko, commander; Sergei Volkov and Alexander Samokutyaev, both flight engineers; Japan Aerospace Exploration astronaut Satoshi Furukawa, and NASA astronauts Mike Fossum and Ron Garan, all flight engineers.

Onboard the shuttle were STS-135 Commander Chris Ferguson, Pilot Doug Hurley, and Mission Specialists Sandy Magnus and Rex Walheim.

Photo credit: NASA
July 19, 2011 




 Caption: Last View

This image of the International Space Station was taken by Atlantis' STS-135 crew during a fly around as the shuttle departed the station on Tuesday, July 19, 2011. STS-135 is the final shuttle mission to the orbital laboratory.

Image Credit: NASA 




 caption: Last View

This image of the International Space Station was taken by Atlantis' STS-135 crew during a fly around as the shuttle departed the station on Tuesday, July 19, 2011. STS-135 is the final shuttle mission to the orbital laboratory.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Friendship 7

Today, July 18, 2011, is John Glenn's 90th birthday. 

On Feb. 20, 1962 at 9:47 am EST, Glenn launched from Cape Canaveral's Launch Complex 14 to become the first American to orbit the Earth. In this image, Glenn enters his Friendship 7 capsule with assistance from technicians to begin his historic flight. 

Before joining NASA, Glenn already had a distinguished career as a pilot, receiving the Distinguished Flying Cross, Navy Unit Commendation for service in Korea, the World War II Victory Medal, the Navy's Astronaut Wings, the NASA Distinguished Service Medal, among others.

Glenn rejoined NASA in 1998 as a member of the STS-95 Discovery crew. This 9-day mission, from Oct. 29-Nov. 7, supported a variety of research payloads including deployment of the Hubble Space Telescope Orbital Systems Test Platform and investigations on space flight and the aging process. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Aurora Australis From Space

This image is of Atlantis and its Orbital Boom Sensor System robot arm extension backdropped against Earth's horizon and a greenish phenomenon associated with Aurora Australis. One of the station's solar array panels appears at upper left. Because of the exposure time needed for this type of photography, some of the stars in the background are blurred.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: International Partnerships

In this view of the International Space Station's Cupola, a variety of modules and components of the station showcase the contributions of the many nations making up some of the international partnerships behind the space station. On the left is the Cupola, backdropped against black space, and on the right are various components of the orbiting outpost, including Node 3 or Tranquility (on which the Cupola is mounted) and the Leonardo Permanent Multipurpose Module. In the background is a Progress resupply spacecraft. This image was taken during the spacewalk conducted on July 12, 2011.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: 'Hanging' Out in Space

With his feet secured on a restraint on the space station remote manipulator system's robotic arm or Canadarm2, NASA astronaut Ron Garan, Expedition 28 flight engineer, carries the pump module, which was the focus of one of the primary chores accomplished on a six and a half hour spacewalk. 

NASA astronaut Mike Fossum, also a station flight engineer, who shared the spacewalk with Garan, is out of frame.  




 Caption: The Shuttle Era's Final Spacewalk

Spacewalker Mike Fossum rides on the International Space Station's robotic arm as he carries the Robotic Refueling Mission experiment. This the final scheduled spacewalk during a shuttle mission.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Through the Astronaut's Eyes

Astronaut Ron Garan took this image during the spacewalk conducted on Tues., July 12, 2011. It shows the International Space Station with Space Shuttle Atlantis docked on the right and a Russian Soyuz on the far left. In the foreground is the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer (AMS) experiment installed during the STS-134 mission. AMS is a state-of-the-art particle physics detector designed to use the unique environment of space to advance knowledge of the universe and lead to the understanding of the universe's origin by searching for antimatter and dark matter, and measuring cosmic rays.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Southern Lights on Display

One of the STS-135 Atlantis crew members took this photo of the Southern Lights or Aurora Australis while visiting the International Space Station.

Part of the orbiter boom sensor system is seen, as it was attached on the end of the shuttle's robotic arm (out of frame). A part of the port side wing of the shuttle is at right.

Photo credit: NASA
July 14, 2011 




 Caption: An Amazing View

This panoramic view was photographed from the International Space Station toward Earth, looking past space shuttle Atlantis' docked cargo bay and part of the station, including a solar array panel. 

The photo was taken as the joint complex passed over the southern hemisphere. Aurora Australis or the Southern Lights can be seen on Earth's horizon and a number of stars also are visible. 

Photo credit: NASA
July 14, 2011 




 I'm jealous.  I entered the lottery for tickets for the last few launches but was never selected. 




 Caption: Flight Day 3

This is one of a series of images showing various parts of space shuttle Atlantis in Earth orbit as photographed by one three crew members -- half the station crew -- who were equipped with still cameras on the International Space Station as the shuttle "posed" for photos and visual surveys and performed a back-flip for the rendezvous pitch maneuver. 

Seen at the rear of the cargo bay is the Raffaello multi-purpose logistics module, packed with supplies and spare parts for the orbiting outpost. 
Photo credit: NASA
July 10, 2011 




 Caption: Flight Day 3

Space shuttle Atlantis is seen over the Bahamas prior to a perfect docking with the International Space Station at 10:07 a.m. (CDT). 

Part of a Russian Progress spacecraft which is docked to the station is in the foreground. 

Photo credit: NASA
July 10, 2011 




 Caption: From the Inside Out

This image of Atlantis' payload bay, focusing on the docking mechanism, was photographed by the STS-135 crew from inside the crew cabin. The orbiter boom sensor system and a portion of the remote manipulator system's robot arm are visible in the frame, exposed during a busy third day in space for the astronauts. The photo was made shortly before the shuttle docked with the International Space Station. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: A Different Perspective

This is one of a series of images taken by the station crew of space shuttle Atlantis in Earth orbit. Seen at the rear of the cargo bay is the Raffaello multi-purpose logistics module, packed with supplies and spare parts for the orbiting outpost. The shuttle 'posed' for photographs and visual surveys and performed a back-flip for the rendezvous pitch maneuver. A 400 millimeter lens was used to capture this particular series of images.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Close Up

Parts of Atlantis' main engines are visible in this image, which is one of a series of images taken during the back flip or rendezvous pitch maneuver (RPM). Atlantis 'posed' for this and other photographs and visual surveys on approach to the International Space Station. The station crew used an 800 millimeter lens to capture this particular series of images. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Photograph by Diane Jones 




 He swerved to miss a tree, but should have hit the brakes. 




 Caption: The View

NASA managers look on from Firing Room Four of the Launch Control Center as space shuttle Atlantis lifts off from Launch Pad 39A on Friday, July 8, 2011, in Cape Canaveral, Fla. The launch of Atlantis is the final flight of the Space Shuttle Program.

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: STA Captures Atlantis Launch

Space shuttle Atlantis is seen through the window of a Shuttle Training Aircraft (STA) as it lifts off at 11:29 a.m. EDT from Pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida.

Atlantis launched on the STS-135 mission and final flight of the Shuttle Program on a 12-day mission to the International Space Station. 

Photo Credit: NASA/Dick Clark
July 8, 2011 




 Caption: Reflections

This image of space shuttle Atlantis was taken shortly after the rotating service structure was rolled back at Launch Pad 39A, Thursday, July 7, 2011. Atlantis is set to liftoff today, Friday, July 8, on the final flight of the Space Shuttle Program. 

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: RSS Rollback Reveals Atlantis

Space shuttle Atlantis is revealed on Launch Pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida following the move of the rotating service structure (RSS).

The structure provides weather protection and access to the shuttle while it awaits liftoff on the pad. 

RSS "rollback" marks a major milestone in Atlantis' STS-135 mission countdown.

Photo credit: NASA/Troy Cryder
July 7, 2011 




 Caption: RSS Rollback on Pad 39A

Space shuttle Atlantis is revealed on Launch Pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida following the move of the rotating service structure (RSS). 

The structure provides weather protection and access to the shuttle while it awaits liftoff on the pad. 

RSS "rollback" marks a major milestone in Atlantis' STS-135 mission countdown.

Photo credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls
July 7, 2011 




 caption: Silhouette

Space shuttle Atlantis is silhouetted on the Vehicle Assembly Building as it begins its journey from High Bay 3 in the Vehicle Assembly Building to Launch Pad 39Aa for its final flight, Tuesday evening, May 31, 2011, at Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla. The 3.4-mile trek, known as rollout, took about seven hours to complete. Atlantis will carry the Raffaello multipurpose logistics module to deliver supplies to the International Space Station. The launch of space shuttle Atlantis on the STS-135 mission is targeted for July 8.

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: The Osprey Has Landed

At NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, an adult osprey guards its young in a nest built on a platform in the Press Site parking lot. In the background is the 12,300-square-foot NASA logo painted on the side of the Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB). The VAB and Press Site are located at the Turn Basin in Launch Complex 39, making it an ideal osprey nesting place. The Merritt Island National Wildlife Refuge overlaps with Kennedy Space Center property and provides a habitat for many types of wildlife, including the osprey, and 330 species of birds. For information on the refuge, visit http://www.fws.gov/merrittisland/Index.

Image Credit: NASA/Jack Pfaller 




 caption:  
Payload Bay Doors Closing

At Launch Pad 39A, work is under way to close space shuttle Atlantis' payload bay doors around the Raffaello multi-purpose logistics module payload for Atlantis' STS-135 and final mission.

Photo credit: NASA/Frank Michaux 




 Photo credit: NASA/Kim Shiflett  




 Cruel and unusual? 




 Caption: Rhea's Return

Rhea emerges ... After being occulted by the larger moon Titan.

Occultation is a celestial event in which a larger body covers up a distant object. Observations such as this one, in which one moon passes close to or in front of another, help scientists refine their understanding of the orbits of Saturn's moons. Titan is about 621,000 miles (1 million kilometers) from Cassini in this image. Rhea is about 1.4 million miles (2.3 million kilometers) from Cassini.

The image was taken in visible light with the Cassini spacecraft narrow-angle camera on Oct. 27, 2009. Image scale is 4 miles (6 kilometers) per pixel on Titan and 9 miles (14 kilometers) per pixel on Rhea.

Image Credit: NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute 




 Caption:

Sunrise on the Moon

On June 10, 2011, NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter angled its orbit 65 to the west, allowing the spacecraft's cameras to capture a dramatic sunrise view of the moon's Tycho crater.

A very popular target with amateur astronomers, Tycho is located at 43.37S, 348.68E, and is about 51 miles (82 km) in diameter. The summit of the central peak is 1.24 miles (2 km) above the crater floor. The distance from Tycho's floor to its rim is about 2.92 miles (4.7 km).

Tycho crater's central peak complex, shown here, is about 9.3 miles (15 km) wide, left to right (southeast to northwest in this view).

Image Credit: NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center/Arizona State University 




 Caption:

Walkway to Space

The doors to the White Room, which provide entry to space shuttle Atlantis' crew compartment, is seen here at the end of the access arm walkway on Launch Pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida.

Image Credit: NASA/Jim Grossmann 




 caption:

Training for Expedition 28
Attired in a training version of his Extravehicular Mobility Unit spacesuit, NASA astronaut Mike Fossum participated in spacewalk training in the waters of the Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory near NASA's Johnson Space Center. Divers in the water assisted Fossum in his rehearsal, which helps prepare him and his fellow astronauts for work on the exterior of the International Space Station. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption:

Seaside Sunrise
The sun rises over the Atlantic Ocean silhouetting space shuttle Atlantis' external fuel tank and solid rocket boosters on Launch Pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida in the image taken on June 23, 2011.

Image Credit: NASA/Jim Grossmann 




 Caption:

A 'real-time data translator' machine converted a Mariner 4 digital image data into numbers printed on strips of paper. Too anxious to wait for the official processed image, employees from the Voyager Telecommunications Section at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, attached these strips side by side to a display panel and hand colored the numbers like a paint-by-numbers picture. The completed image was framed and presented to JPL director, William H. Pickering. Mariner 4 was launched on November 28, 1964 and journeyed for 228 days to the Red Planet, providing the first close-range images of Mars.

The spacecraft carried a television camera and six other science instruments to study the Martian atmosphere and surface. The 22 photographs taken by Mariner revealed the existence of lunar type craters upon a desert-like surface. After completing its mission, Mariner 4 continued past Mars to the far side of the Sun. On Dec. 20, 1967, all operations of the spacecraft were ended. 




 icle 




 Caption:

Mars Science Laboratory Arrival in Florida

Curiosity, the Mars Science Laboratory mission's rover, along with the mission's descent stage, arrived at NASA's Kennedy Space Center, Fla., on June 22, 2011, aboard a U.S. Air Force C-17 transport plane. Here, personnel unload the crated rover from the plane. Crews removed the crated spacecraft components from the C-17 and drove them to the Kennedy Space Center clean room where the spacecraft is being prepared for launch in November. 

The C-17 flight began at March Air Reserve Base in Riverside, Calif., where the crated hardware had been trucked from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif. The Mars Science Laboratory aeroshell and cruise stage arrived at Kennedy last month. 

The spacecraft will launch during the period Nov. 25 to Dec. 18, 2011, for a landing on Mars in August 2012. During a prime mission lasting one Martian year -- nearly two Earth years -- researchers will use the rover's tools to study whether the landing region has had environmental conditions favorable for supporting microbial life and for preserving clues about whether life existed. 

JPL built the rover, descent stage and cruise stage and manages the mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington. Launch management for the mission is the responsibility of NASA's Launch Services Program at Kennedy. The California Institute of Technology in Pasadena manages JPL for NASA. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Credit: Chris Kotsiopoulos - Canon EOS 550D, 15/6/2011 23:05 (UT +3), Shutter Speed 28 sec, Aperture Value 4.0, ISO 400, Lens Canon EF15mm f/2.8 Fisheye, Focal Length 15.0 mm

EDIT: caption - After months of anticipation and exhausting preparations and planning for taking photos of the total lunar eclipse, everything went wrong due to a severe thunderstorm during the phenomenon. Everything? Well...fortunatelly no, because for approximately 10 minutes in the middle of totality, a small window in the sky allowed me to see the Moon in the Earth's shadow and shoot this unbelievable photo. The shot was taken from Ikaria island at Pezi, an area known as "the planet of the goats", because of the rough terrain with the strange looking rocks. 




 At least she's consistent... 




 Caption: Astronauts John Young and Gus Grissom are pictured during water egress training in a large indoor pool at Ellington Air Force Base, Texas, in this image from 1965. Young is seated on top of the Gemini capsule while Grissom is in the water with a life raft. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: "Taken during mobility testing on June 3, 2011, this image is of the Mars Science Laboratory rover, Curiosity, inside the Spacecraft Assembly Facility at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.

Preparations continue for shipping the rover to NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida in June and for its fall 2011 launch." 




 Don't order the lemon gelato. 




 I'm still waiting for him to make good on his offer to be waterboarded for charity.  




 Unordered Fracturing Olive? 




 CNN is still trying to outfox Fox. 




 Fuck the rule of law.  He's guilty because the media says he is. Right? 




 lol, nice argument. Are you a lawyer? 




 Manning was tried in the media, not in any U.S. court. 




 yes 




 Maybe you should work at work. 




 Fox News isn't gonna ignore her, she's on their payroll.  I would love to ignore her, but that won't make her go away.  Ignoring her now will make opposing her in 2012 that much harder. 




 Ignore her and she'll go away right? 




 yumz 




 Also, she used her notes throughout the whole word salad speech -- including immediately after she made the teleprompter jab. Also youbetcha and such. 




 So you are changing your original comment from "Islam is not a race." to "wikipedia doesn't say the film is racist, so it isn't." 




 So it's not possible for the DVD to be both racist and anti-Islam? 




 RIP 




 *brap* 




 Caption:
This astronaut photograph shows the Calabria region of southern Italy--the toe of Italy's "boot"--outlined by the Ionian and Tyrrhenian Seas to the southeast and northwest, respectively. The water appears almost mirror-like due to sunglint. This phenomenon is caused by sunlight reflecting off the water surface directly back towards the observer aboard the International Space Station (ISS). The ISS was located over northwestern Romania, to the northeast of Calabria, when this image was taken.

The Calabrian Peninsula appears shortened and distorted due to the extreme sideways viewing angle from the ISS. Such a perspective is termed oblique, as opposed to a nadir view, in which the astronaut is looking directly downwards towards the Earth's surface from the ISS. This highly oblique view also highlights two distinct cloud patterns over the Calabrian interior. Patchy, highly textured cumulus clouds are present at lower altitudes, while grey altostratus clouds are stretched out by prevailing winds at higher altitudes. The Strait of Messina, just visible at image upper right, marks the boundary between the coastline of Italy and the island of Sicily.

Image Credit: NASA 




 GM is good at that. 




 Fucking leeches  




 Caption:
As interest in Earth's changing climate heats up, a tiny dark particle is stepping into the limelight: black carbon. Commonly known as soot, black carbon enters the air when fossil fuels and biofuels, such as coal, wood, and diesel are burned. Black carbon is found worldwide, but its presence and impact are particularly strong in Asia.

Black carbon, a short-lived particle, is in perpetual motion across the globe. The Tibetan Plateau's high levels of black carbon likely impact the region's temperature, clouds and monsoon season. 




 Caption:
NASAs Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, or WISE, launched aboard a United Launch Alliance Delta II rocket at 9:09 a.m. EST from Space Launch Complex-2 at Vandenberg Air Force Base. WISE will scan the entire sky in infrared light, picking up the glow of hundreds of millions of objects and producing millions of images. 

Image Credit: Bill Hartenstein/United Launch Alliance  




 caption:  This view from the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) camera on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter is of the Proctor Crater. The relatively bright, small ridges are ripples. From their study on Earth, and close-up examination by the MER rovers (roving elsewhere on Mars), scientists surmise that the ripples are composed of fine sand (less than 200 microns in diameter) or fine sand coated with coarser sand and granules.

The larger, darker bedforms are dunes composed of sand, most likely of fine size. Ripples tend to move slower than dunes. Because of this, over time, ripples get covered with dust, possibly explaining the bright tone visible here. The dunes are dark probably because they are composed of basaltic sand (derived from dark, volcanic rock) that is blown by the wind enough that dust does not sufficiently accumulate to change their color.

This area in Proctor Crater is being monitored by HiRISE to document any changes over time.

This image is a portion of the HiRISE observation taken on Feb. 9, 2009. 




 Why don't these people just go away? 




 Voinovich.  

"Voinovich says he sees no reason to approve procedural matters that will start moving the Senate bill forward if the bill itself is flawed. Why waste time on preliminary debates -- starting with a first vote by this weekend to cut off debate on a motion to proceed, followed by 30 hours of debate on the motion to proceed itself, all before an eventual vote on the actual bill -- when there is other unfinished business to deal with, including spending bills that are months behind schedule?"

http://www.cleveland.com/open/index.ssf/2009/11/sen_george_voinovich_why_waste.html 




 http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/34072267/ns/technology_and_science-science/ 




 Hey CBS, break.com took your video 

























































































 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5k68Uz3w3x8 




 In America, suspects are innocent until proven guilty.   




 From ABC on twitter: "Grandfather who killed his daughter, 6 children, then self had killed his own 9 yr old son in hunting accident in 2001. Did 3 yrs." 




 From ABC on twitter: "Grandfather who killed his daughter, 6 children, then self had killed his own 9 yr old son in hunting accident in 2001. Did 3 yrs." 




 Assuming there are only 10 inches in a foot. 




 I wonder what was photoshopped out of it on the left side? 




 Photographer for the TV show COPS dies after being shot during armed robbery in Nebraska - KETV 




 OK, I wasn't claiming to have any evidence of any kind.  I was merely asking you to back up your assertions. 




 So if they don't release details, how do you know?  Are you involved in the case somehow?  What are your sources?  I was looking for specifics. 




 Is there evidence the alleged beating?  Pictures/video, medical report, police report? 




 "Police believe the man pulled out a gun and aimed it at the another car, but then accidentally shot himself in the head." 




 Buy a tilt-shift lens for your camera. 




 Youtube removed it. 




 [Suspects arrested](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/2-suspects-arrested-in-kidnapping-of-amish-girls-in-new-york-state/) 




 fwiw, the "Israel rejects Gaza peace plan" title was the original BBC title for this article. 




 [Here they are on radar](https://twitter.com/MikeHamernik/status/491071762545651713/photo/1) 




 [Are you in this picture?](http://i.imgur.com/6mEjZla.jpg) 




 This is how the article appeared when I submitted it: http://i.imgur.com/On2lbqu.png 




 The compass app in apple's ios7 has a built in clinometer -- just swipe the compass screen to the left. 




 Bad photoshopping. 




 Now article says it was a shotgun, not pellet gun. 




 [They have been freed](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/ukraine-crisis/buzzfeed-cbs-journalists-freed-after-ukraine-ordeal-n95446) 




 Update:  [The suspect found dead in apparent suicide.](http://www.ajc.com/news/news/cobb-police-investigating-shooting-at-fedex-facili/nfkNR/) 




 That would be a big seller at CPAC 




 Caption: NASA Shines a Spotlight on a Webb Telescope Test

Dressed in a clean room suit, NASA photographer Desiree Stover shines a light on the Space Environment Simulator's Integration Frame inside the thermal vacuum chamber at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md. Shortly after, the chamber was closed up and engineers used this frame to enclose and help cryogenic (cold) test the heart of the James Webb Space Telescope, the Integrated Science Instrument Module.

Credit: NASA/Chris Gunn 




 QR code goes [here](http://www.nasa.gov/orion) 




 Pathetic.

Thanks for reading! 




 [video with bad audio](http://www.c-spanvideo.org/clip/4469223) 




 [Here's audio of what she said.](https://soundcloud.com/toddzwillich-1/floor1-101612-wav) 




 Caption: Astrophotographer Dale Mayotte sent SPACE.com this composite photo of the International Space Station crossing the face of the sun. He took the 19 images that were combined to create this photo from his backyard in Clinton Twp., Mich. at 5:28 p.m. on June 19, 2013.  




 Wednesday September 25, 2013, 4:58 pm ET.  It is scheduled to be on NASA TV 




 I was at the launch pad a week before the launch and saw what may have been the same eagle.  [More here.](http://christianready.com/2013/09/18/bald-eagle-flies-with-antares/) 




 This launch is supposed to be shown on NASA TV.  Also, launches from Wallops are usually streamed on Ustream. 




 Caption: Flyer's best friend

Dan McManus and his service dog Shadow hang-glide together outside Salt Lake City, Utah, July 22, 2013. McManus suffers from anxiety and Shadow's presence and companionship help him to manage the symptoms. The two have been flying together for about nine years with a specially made harness for Shadow. 




 [More info...](http://talkingpointsmemo.com/news/green-pain-splattered-on-lincoln-memorial-statue.php) 




 This is malicious fecal distribution 




 Skook! 




 Caption: Spacewalk Training at Johnson Space Center

NASA astronaut Reid Wiseman, Expedition 40/41 flight engineer, participates in a spacewalk - or extravehicular activity (EVA) - training session on May 14, 2013 in the Partial Gravity Simulator (POGO) test area in the Space Vehicle Mock-up Facility at NASA's Johnson Space Center. NASA astronaut Steve Swanson (left), Expedition 39 flight engineer and Expedition 40 commander, assists Wiseman.

Image credit: NASA 




 Caption: Stargazer Aircraft Carrying IRIS Takes Off

The Orbital Sciences L-1011 aircraft takes off from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California at 9:30 p.m. EDT on June 27, 2013, headed over the Pacific Ocean to release the Pegasus XL rocket carrying NASA's Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph, or IRIS, solar observatory.

IRIS will open a new window of discovery using spectrometry and imaging to trace the flow of energy and plasma through the chromospheres and transition region into the suns corona. The spacecraft will observe how solar material moves, gathers energy and heats up as it travels through a largely unexplored region of the solar atmosphere. This interface region, located between the sun's visible surface and its upper atmosphere, is where most of its ultraviolet emission is generated. These emissions impact the near-Earth space environment and Earth's climate.

Photo Credit: NASA/Daniel Casper 




 Caption: IRIS Launch Set for Thursday

Technicians and engineers at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California mate the Pegasus XL rocket with the Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph, or IRIS, solar observatory to the Orbital Sciences L-1011 carrier aircraft.

The launch of NASA's IRIS mission has been delayed one day to 10:27 p.m. EDT on Thursday, June 27. Live NASA Television launch coverage begins at 9 p.m. 

IRIS will open a new window of discovery by tracing the flow of energy and plasma through the chromospheres and transition region into the suns corona using spectrometry and imaging. The IRIS mission will observe how solar material moves, gathers energy and heats up as it travels through a largely unexplored region of the solar atmosphere. The interface region, located between the sun's visible surface and upper atmosphere, is where most of the sun's ultraviolet emission is generated. These emissions impact the near-Earth space environment and Earth's climate. 

Image Credit: NASA/Randy Beaudoin 




 Caption: IRIS Preps for Launch

The fully integrated spacecraft and science instrument for NASA's Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph (IRIS) mission is seen in a clean room at the Lockheed Martin Space Systems Sunnyvale, Calif. facility. The solar arrays are deployed in the configuration they will assume when in orbit. IRIS is scheduled to launch on June 26, 2013.

Understanding the interface between the photosphere and corona remains a fundamental challenge in solar and heliospheric science. The IRIS mission opens a window of discovery into this crucial region by tracing the flow of energy and plasma through the chromosphere and transition region into the corona using spectrometry and imaging. IRIS is designed to provide significant new information to increase our understanding of energy transport into the corona and solar wind and provide an archetype for all stellar atmospheres. The unique instrument capabilities, coupled with state of the art 3-D modeling, will fill a large gap in our knowledge of this dynamic region of the solar atmosphere. The mission will extend the scientific output of existing heliophysics spacecraft that follow the effects of energy release processes from the sun to Earth.

Image Credit: NASA/Lockheed Martin 




 [Yellow Warbler](http://www.allaboutbirds.org/guide/Yellow_Warbler/id) 




 [source](http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/webb/news/backplane.html) 




 [video of fire](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHNCEWOD6w8) 




 [More](http://rt.com/usa/explosion-chemical-geismar-louisiana-647/): "An enormous explosion shook a chemical plant in Geismer, Louisiana just south of Baton Rouge on Wednesday. The blast was followed by a huge fire. Fatality numbers are unconfirmed, bit it is likely they are very high according to authorities." 




 Caption: Preparing NASA's Next Solar Satellite for Launch

Orbital Sciences team members move the second half of the payload fairing before it is placed over NASA's IRIS (Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph) spacecraft. The fairing connects to the nose of the Orbital Sciences Pegasus XL rocket that will lift the solar observatory into orbit. The work is taking place in a hangar at Vandenberg Air Force Base, where IRIS is being prepared for launch on a Pegasus XL rocket.

Scheduled for launch from Vandenberg on June 26, 2013, IRIS will open a new window of discovery by tracing the flow of energy and plasma through the chromospheres and transition region into the sun's corona using spectrometry and imaging. IRIS fills a crucial gap in our ability to advance studies of the sun-to-Earth connection by tracing the flow of energy and plasma through the foundation of the corona and the region around the sun known as the heliosphere.

Photo Credit: NASA/Tony Vauclin 




 Caption: In the Vortex of Power

John Wargo, lead technician at NASA Glenn's Propulsion System Laboratory (PSL) is performing an inspection on the inlet ducting, upstream of the Honeywell ALF 502 engine that was recently used for the NASA Engine Icing Validation test. 

This test allows engine manufacturers to simulate flying through the upper atmosphere where large amounts of icing particles can be ingested and cause flame outs or a loss of engine power on aircraft. This test was the first of its kind in the world and was highly successful in validating PSL's new capability. No other engine test facility has this capability.

Glenn is working with industry to address this aviation issue by establishing a capability that will allow engines to be operated at the same temperature and pressure conditions experienced in flight, with ice particles being ingested into full scale engines to simulate flight through a deep convective cloud.

The information gained through performing these tests will also be used to establish test methods and techniques for the study of engine icing in new and existing commercial engines, and to develop data required for advanced computer codes that can be specifically applied to assess an engine's susceptibility to icing in terms of its safety, performance and operability.

Image Credit: NASA
Bridget R. Caswell (Wyle Information Systems, LLC) 




 [Nili Fossae](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nili_Fossae)

This is where I [found the image](http://photoblog.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/06/10/18888298-this-is-how-a-lone-rock-rolls-on-mars). 




 Caption: Rocket Launches from Wallops Flight Facility

A NASA Black Brant XII suborbital rocket streaks into the night sky following its launch at 11:05 p.m. EDT on June 5, 2013 from the Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The rocket carried the Cosmic Infrared Background ExpeRiment (CIBER) to an altitude of approximately 358 miles above the Atlantic Ocean by the four-stage rocket. The launch, seen here with multiple stages firing off, was reportedly seen from as far away as central New Jersey, southeastern Pennsylvania and northeastern North Carolina. With CIBER, scientists are studying when the first stars and galaxies formed in the universe and how brightly they burned their nuclear fuel.

Image Credit: NASA/Jamie Adkins 




 Caption: Expedition 36 Soyuz Launch

A Soyuz rocket with Expedition 36/37 Soyuz Commander Fyodor Yurchikhin of the Russian Federal Space Agency (Roscosmos) and Flight Engineers Luca Parmitano of the European Space Agency and Karen Nyberg of NASA, onboard, launches from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan to the International Space Station. Yurchikhin, Nyberg and Parmitano will remain aboard the station until mid-November, 2013.

Photo credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: Soyuz to the Launch Pad

The Soyuz TMA-09M spacecraft is rolled out by train to the Baikonur Cosmodrome launch pad, Sunday, May 26, 2013, in Kazakhstan. 

Expedition 36/37 Soyuz Commander Fyodor Yurchikhin of the Russian Federal Space Agency, Flight Engineer Luca Parmitano of the European Space Agency, and Flight Engineer Karen Nyberg of NASA, are set to launch to the International Space Station Tuesday night Eastern U.S. time, Wednesday in Kazakh time. Yurchikhin, Nyberg, and, Parmitano, will remain aboard the station until mid-November. 

Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: The Engine Burns Blue

This image shows a cutting-edge solar-electric propulsion thruster in development at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif., that uses xenon ions for propulsion. An earlier version of this solar-electric propulsion engine has been flying on NASA's Dawn mission to the asteroid belt. 

This engine is being considered as part of the Asteroid Initiative, a proposal to robotically capture a small near-Earth asteroid and redirect it safely to a stable orbit in the Earth-moon system where astronauts can visit and explore it. This image was taken through a porthole in a vacuum chamber at JPL where the ion engine is being tested.

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech 




 [more info](http://www.spacetelescope.org/news/heic1310/) 




 Caption: Pavlof Volcano From Station

Astronauts aboard the International Space Station (ISS) photographed this striking view of Pavlof Volcano on May 18, 2013. The oblique perspective from the ISS reveals the three dimensional structure of the ash plume, which is often obscured by the top-down view of most remote sensing satellites.

Situated in the Aleutian Arc about 625 miles (1,000 kilometers) southwest of Anchorage, Pavlof began erupting on May 13, 2013. The volcano jetted lava into the air and spewed an ash cloud 20,000 feet (6,000 meters) high. When photograph ISS036-E-2105 (top) was taken, the space station was about 475 miles south-southeast of the volcano (49.1 North latitude, 157.4 West longitude). The volcanic plume extended southeastward over the North Pacific Ocean.

Image Credit: NASA 




 [source](http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/webb/news/miri-test.html) 




 Caption: Orion Crew Module at Kennedy Space Center

Astronaut Don Pettit watches as a technician works on the Orion crew module inside the Operations and Checkout Building high bay at Kennedy Space Center on March 21, 2013.

The last of eight reaction control system (RCS) pods for the first flight test of Orion has arrived at Kennedy Space Center's Operations and Checkout Building from the manufacturer, Aerojet, in Redmond, Wash. The pods will provide the critical maneuvers necessary for Orion's re-entry into Earth's atmosphere during Exploration Flight Test-1 (EFT-1), scheduled to launch in 2014.

Orion is the exploration spacecraft designed to carry humans farther into space than ever before. The spacecraft will provide emergency abort capability, sustain crews during space travel and provide safe re-entry from deep-space return velocities.

Image Credit: NASA/Dimitri Gerondidakis 




 Caption: LAGEOS I, 1976

The LAGEOS I, Laser Geodynamics Satellite, was launched on May 4, 1976 from Vandenberg Air Force Base, California. The two-foot diameter, 900-pound satellite orbited the Earth from pole to pole and measured the movements of the Earth's surface relative to earthquakes, continental drift, and other geophysical phenomena.

The mirrored surface of the satellite precisely reflected laser beams from ground stations for accurate ranging measurements. Scientists at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala. came up with the idea for the satellite and built it at the Marshall Center. 

Image Credit: NASA/MSFC 




 Caption: Mars Stereo View from 'John Klein' to Mount Sharp -- Raw

Left and right eyes of the Navigation Camera (Navcam) in NASA's Curiosity Mars rover took the dozens of images combined into this stereo scene of the rover and its surroundings. The component images were taken during the 166th, 168th and 169th Martian days, or sols, of Curiosity's work on Mars (Jan. 23, 25 and 26, 2013). The scene appears three dimensional when viewed through red-blue glasses with the red lens on the left. It spans 360 degrees, with Mount Sharp on the southern horizon. 

In the center foreground, the rover's arm holds the tool turret above a target called "Wernecke" on the "John Klein" patch of pale-veined mudstone. On Sol 169, Curiosity used its dust-removing brush and Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) on Wernecke (see http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/msl/multimedia/pia16790.html ). About two weeks later, Curiosity used its drill at a point about 1 foot (30 centimeters) to the right of Wernecke to collect the first drilled sample from the interior of a rock on Mars. This anaglyph was made with the images as captured by the Curiosity. Another version with the seams in the sky eliminated and cropped for optimal 3-D viewing can be seen at PIA16925. 

Separate left-eye and right-eye mosaics are combined into the stereo view. 

NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, manages the Mars Science Laboratory Project for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington. JPL designed and built the project's Curiosity rover and the rover's Navcam. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech 




 Caption: Astronaut vs. Robonaut

Following a session of Robonaut 2 operations controlled by ground personnel, Expedition 35 Flight Engineer Chris Cassidy has a few light moments with the robot in the Destiny Laboratory onboard the Earth-orbiting International Space Station.

Robonaut 2 is the first humanoid robot to travel to space and the first U.S.-built robot to visit the space station.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Antares Rocket Launches

The Orbital Sciences Corporation Antares rocket is seen as it launches from Pad-0A of the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport (MARS) at the NASA Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, Sunday, April 21, 2013. 

The test launch marked the first flight of Antares and the first rocket launch from Pad-0A. The Antares rocket delivered the equivalent mass of a spacecraft, a so-called mass simulated payload, into Earth's orbit. 

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: X-48 Project Completes Flight Research

NASA's remotely piloted X-48C hybrid-wing-body subscale aircraft, which demonstrates technology concepts for cleaner and quieter commercial air travel, completed an eight-month flight research campaign on April 9, 2013.

In this image, the aircraft flies over the intersection of several runways adjacent to the compass rose on Rogers Dry Lake at Edwards Air Force Base during one of the sub-scale aircraft's final test flights on Feb. 28, 2013. 

The scale-model aircraft, shaped like a manta ray, was designed by The Boeing Co., built by Cranfield Aerospace Limited of the United Kingdom, and flown in partnership with NASA. The X-48C is a version of NASA's X-48B blended wing body aircraft modified to evaluate the low-speed stability and control of a low-noise version of a notional hybrid-wing-body design. This design features a flattened fuselage with no tail, and engines mounted on top of the fuselage at the rear of the plane. The design stems from concept studies for commercial aircraft that could be flying within 20 years. The studies are under way in NASA's Environmentally Responsible Aviation Project.

Image Credit: NASA / Carla Thomas 




 Caption: First Shuttle Launch

A new era in space flight began on April 12, 1981, when Space Shuttle Columbia, or STS-1, soared into orbit from NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. 

Astronaut John Young, a veteran of four previous spaceflights including a walk on the moon in 1972, commanded the mission. Navy test pilot Bob Crippen piloted the mission and would go on to command three future shuttle missions. The shuttle was humankind's first re-usable spacecraft. The orbiter would launch like a rocket and land like a plane. The two solid rocket boosters that helped push them into space would also be re-used, after being recovered in the ocean. Only the massive external fuel tank would burn up as it fell back to Earth. It was all known as the Space Transportation System.

Twenty years prior to the historic launch, on April 12, 1961, the era of human spaceflight began when Russian Cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin became the first human to orbit the Earth in his Vostock I spacecraft. The flight lasted 108 minutes. 

Pictured here: a timed exposure of STS-1, at Launch Pad A, Complex 39, turns the space vehicle and support facilities into a night- time fantasy of light. Structures to the left of the shuttle are the fixed and the rotating service structure. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 You don't see any drones because it was a drill, they weren't really being attacked by drones.  Had this been an actual drone attack, you may, or may not have seen drones.

As for mention of drones, I don't speak Korean, so I can't say whether or not drones were mentioned.  Only going by the caption for the video, which is: *April 5 - North Korean state-run television shows video of its leader Kim Jong-un supervising a ''drone attack'' drill. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).* 




 This one is from Germany.  Here's the caption:

"Tiny tapir
A young Malayan tapir walks around the 'Gondwanaland' enclosure at the zoo in Leipzig, Germany, on March 27." 




 Caption: Speed Agile Team Wins Laureate

Almost since the dawn of powered flight, military aircraft have benefitted from NASA aeronautics research. Back then - in 1917  it wasn't called NASA. It was the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, which changed its name to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in 1958. 

That legacy continues today and is getting recognition. A government/industry team, led by the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) and including NASA, won Aviation Week magazine's 2013 prestigious Laureate Award in Aeronautics and Propulsion for the Speed Agile Powered Lift System Concept Demonstrator. The idea behind the program is to design a next-generation tactical mobility aircraft that could give the U.S. Air Force more flexibility to deliver supplies and troops to remote regions of the world that might not have traditional infrastructure such as long, paved runways. Included on the award winning research team were not only NASA Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate's Fixed Wing Project, but also Boeing Research   Technology; Lockheed Martin; Advanced Technologies, Inc.; and Williams International. 

Since the research efforts started in 2002, AFRL and its partners have designed, tested and validated technology for cruise-efficient short takeoff and landing aircraft. NASA's primary interest is in the dual use technology and its potential application to future airliners. NASA contributed computational tool, wind tunnel, simulator and aerodynamic expertise at its Langley Research Center in Hampton, Va. and Ames Research Center at Moffett Field, Calif. Researchers tested several concepts in NASA Langley's National Transonic Facility and 14 by 22-Foot Subsonic Tunnel. They also used NASA Ames' Vertical Motion Simulator to evaluate flying qualities and control schemes for an advanced transport. 

Image Credit: NASA Langley/George Homich 




 Socialism!! 




 Caption: Expedition 35 Launch

The Soyuz TMA-08M rocket launches from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on Friday, March 29, 2013 (Thursday, March 28, U.S. Eastern Time) carrying Expedition 35 Soyuz Commander Pavel Vinogradov, NASA Flight Engineer Chris Cassidy and Russian Flight Engineer Alexander Misurkin to the International Space Station.  




 They should make a similar graphic that shows hammer-related deaths for the same time period. 




 Caption: Greenland Melt Ponds

Each spring and summer, as the air warms up and the sunlight beats down on the Greenland ice sheet, sapphire-colored ponds spring up like swimming pools. As snow and ice melt atop the glaciers, the water flows in channels and streams and collects in depressions on the surface that are sometimes visible from space. These melt ponds and lakes sometimes disappear quickly - a phenomenon that scientists have observed firsthand in recent years.

The natural-color image above was acquired on July 4, 2010, by the Advanced Land Imager on NASAs Earth Observing-1 (EO-1) satellite. This glacial ice field lies in southwestern Greenland, not far from Disko Bay (Disko Bugt in Danish) and Davis Strait. The center of the image is 68.91 North latitude and 48.54 West longitude.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Soyuz TMA-06M Spacecraft

JSC2013-E-017269 (16 March 2013) --- The Soyuz TMA-06M spacecraft lies passively on its side March 16 after bringing home Expedition 34 Commander Kevin Ford of NASA, Soyuz Commander Oleg Novitskiy and Flight Engineer Evgeny Tarelkin to a landing northeast of Arkalyk, Kazakhstan following a one-day delay due to inclement weather in the area. The Soyuz initially landed upright before being tilted on its side for servicing after touching down to wrap up 144 days in space and 142 days for Ford, Novitskiy and Tarelkin at the International Space Station. The three crew members were flown by helicopter to Kustanai, Kazakhstan en route to their homes in Houston and Star City, Russia.

Photo credit: Sergey Vigovski 




 From the AP twitter feed: "BREAKING: White House spokesman Jay Carney says no evidence that Syrian rebels used chemical weapons." 




 Caption: Expedition 34 Crew Members

With their scheduled stay onboard the International Space Station headed toward its final days, three members of the Expedition 34 crew pose for some photographs in their Sokol suits in the U.S. Laboratory or Destiny. From left are NASA astronaut Kevin Ford, commander, with Roscosmos Flight Engineers Oleg Novitskiy and Evgeny Tarelkin.

The three crew members will undock their Soyuz spacecraft from the station at 8:30 p.m. EDT, March 14, heading for a landing in Kazakhstan northeast of the remote town of Arkalyk at 11:57 p.m. EDT. They will have spent 143 days in space since launching from Kazakhstan Oct. 23. 

When the Soyuz undocks, Expedition 35 will begin aboard the station under the command of Chris Hadfield of the Canadian Space Agency. Hadfield will be the first Canadian commander. He and his crewmates, NASA astronaut Tom Marshburn and Russian cosmonaut Roman Romanenko, will tend to the station for two weeks until the arrival of three new crew members: NASA astronaut Chris Cassidy and Russian cosmonauts Pavel Vinogradov and Alexander Misurkin.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Portrait of a Lady

This image was taken on March 10, 2013, and received on Earth March 10, 2013 by NASA's Cassini spacecraft. The camera was pointing toward Rhea at approximately 174,181 miles (280,317 kilometers) away, and the image was taken using the CL1 and CL2 filters. This image has not been validated or calibrated. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute 




 Caption: Saturn's North Polar Hexagon

Saturn's north polar hexagon basks in the Sun's light now that spring has come to the northern hemisphere. Many smaller storms dot the north polar region and Saturn's signature rings, which appear to disappear on account of Saturn's shadow, put in an appearance in the background.

The image was taken with the Cassini spacecraft's wide-angle camera on Nov. 27, 2012 using a spectral filter sensitive to wavelengths of near-infrared light centered at 750 nanometers.

The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 403,000 miles (649,000 kilometers) from Saturn and at a Sun-Saturn-spacecraft, or phase, angle of 21 degrees. Image scale is 22 miles (35 kilometers) per pixel. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute 




 Caption: Dragon Prepares to Resupply Station

The Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, Dragon spacecraft stands inside a processing hangar at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. Teams had just installed the spacecraft's solar array fairings.

NASA and its international partners are targeting Friday, March 1, as the launch date for the next cargo resupply flight to the International Space Station by SpaceX. Launch is scheduled for 10:10 a.m. EST from Space Launch Complex 40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.

SpaceX's Dragon capsule will be filled with about 1,200 pounds of supplies for the space station crew and experiments being conducted aboard the orbiting laboratory.

Image credit: NASA/Kim Shiflett 




 [Hunters Discover Human Skull Under Dolly Parton Bridge](http://www2.wkrg.com/news/2013/feb/16/hunters-discover-human-skull-under-dolly-parton-br-ar-5611548/) 




 I second that 




 Caption: Landsat Spacecraft Launches

The United Launch Alliance (ULA) Atlas-V rocket with the Landsat Data Continuity Mission (LDCM) spacecraft onboard is seen as it launches on Monday, Feb. 11, 2013 at Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif. The Landsat Data Continuity Mission (LDCM) mission is a collaboration between NASA and the U.S. Geological Survey that will continue the Landsat Program's 40-year data record of monitoring the Earth's landscapes from space. 

Image Credit: United Launch Alliance 




 Caption: Orion in the Inaugural Parade

The Orion space capsule along with NASA Astronauts Lee Morin, Alvin Drew, Kjell Lindgren, Serena Aunon, Kate Rubins, and Mike Massimino pass the Presidential viewing stand and President Barack Obama during the Inaugural Parade on Monday Jan. 21, 2013, in Washington, D.C. 

Orion will carry future astronauts beyond Earth orbit to farther destinations than ever before. 

Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: Curiosity Replica Preps for Parade

On Saturday morning, Jan. 19, 2013, at Joint Base Anacostia Bolling (JBAB) in Washington, Steve LaDrew, with Capitol Exhibit Services, adjusts the Mastcam on a replica of the Mars Curiosity Rover. 

The NASA float will participate in Monday's Inaugural Parade honoring President Barack Obama. 

Image Credit: NASA/Paul E. Alers 




 From r/pics [http://i.imgur.com/iYbIn.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/iYbIn.jpg) 




 Caption: First Use of Mars Rover Curiosity's Dust Removal Tool

This image from the Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) on NASA's Mars rover Curiosity shows the patch of rock cleaned by the first use of the rover's Dust Removal Tool (DRT). 

The tool is a motorized, wire-bristle brush on the turret at the end of the rover's arm. Its first use was on the 150th Martian day, or sol, of the mission (Jan. 6, 2013). MAHLI took this image from a distance of about 10 inches (25 centimeters) after the brushing was completed on this rock target called "Ekwir_1." The patch of the rock from which dust has been brushed away is about 1.85 inches by 2.44 inches (47 millimeters by 62 millimeters). The scale bar at bottom right is 1 centimeter (0.39 inch). 

A view of Curiosity's turret at http://photojournal.jpl.nasa.gov/catalog/PIA15699 shows the DRT on the right side of the image and the MAHLI at the center. 

Honeybee Robotics, New York, N.Y., built the DRT for Curiosity. Malin Space Science Systems, San Diego, built the MAHLI. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS 




 [Here's a crappy picture of it](http://media.philly.com/images/600*450/christmas-lights-middle-finger_400.jpg) 




 Caption: Robonaut Operates Task Board in Space

In the International Space Station's Destiny laboratory, Robonaut 2 is pictured on Jan. 2, during a round of testing for the first humanoid robot in space. Ground teams put Robonaut through its paces as they remotely commanded it to operate valves on a task board.

Robonaut is a testbed for exploring new robotic capabilities in space, and its form and dexterity allow it to use the same tools and control panels as its human counterparts do aboard the station.

Photo Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Snow-Covered Desert

Snow-covered deserts are rare, but thats exactly what the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASAs Aqua satellite observed as it passed over the Taklimakan Desert in western China on Jan. 2, 2013. Snow has covered much of the desert since a storm blew through the area on Dec. 26. The day after the storm, Chinese Central Television (CNTV) reported that the Xinjian Uygyr autonomous region was one of the areas hardest hit.

The Taklimakan is one of the worlds largestand hottestsandy deserts. Water flowing into the Tarim Basin has no outlet, so over the years, sediments have steadily accumulated. In parts of the desert, sand can pile up to 300 meters (roughly 1,000 feet) high. The mountains that enclose the sea of sandthe Tien Shan in the north and the Kunlun Shan in the southwere also covered with what appeared to be a significantly thicker layer of snow in January 2013.

Image Credit: NASA/Aqua 




 Caption: Curiosity Self-Portrait, Wide View

On the 84th and 85th Martian days of the NASA Mars rover Curiosity's mission on Mars (Oct. 31 and Nov. 1, 2012), NASA's Curiosity rover used the Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) to capture dozens of high-resolution images to be combined into self-portrait images of the rover. 

The mosaic shows the rover at "Rocknest," the spot in Gale Crater where the mission's first scoop sampling took place. Four scoop scars can be seen in the regolith in front of the rover. A fifth scoop was collected later. 

Self-portraits like this one document the state of the rover and allow mission engineers to track changes over time, such as dust accumulation and wheel wear. Due to its location on the end of the robotic arm, only MAHLI (among the rover's 17 cameras) is able to image some parts of the craft, including the port-side wheels. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS 




 Caption: Ion Thruster Sets World Record

While the Dawn spacecraft is visiting the asteroids Vesta and Ceres, NASA Glenn has been developing the next generation of ion thrusters for future missions. NASA's Evolutionary Xenon Thruster (NEXT) Project has developed a 7-kilowatt ion thruster that can provide the capabilities needed in the future. 

An ion thruster produces small levels of thrust relative to chemical thrusters, but does so at higher specific impulse (or higher exhaust velocities), which means that an ion thruster has a fuel efficiency of 10-12 times greater than a chemical thruster. The higher the rocket's specific impulse (fuel efficiency), the farther the spacecraft can go with a given amount of fuel. Given that an ion thruster produces small levels of thrust relative to chemical thrusters, it needs to operate in excess of 10,000 hours to slowly accelerate the spacecraft to speeds necessary to reach the asteroid belt or beyond. 

The NEXT ion thruster has been operated for over 43,000 hours, which for rocket scientists means that the thruster has processed over 770 kilograms of xenon propellant and can provide 30 million-newton-seconds of total impulse to the spacecraft. This demonstrated performance permits future science spacecraft to travel to varied destinations, such as extended tours of multi-asteroids, comets, and outer planets and their moons. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 If only they had been carrying automatic rifles, this would have never happened. 




 Caption: Orion Parachutes

Three 300-pound main parachutes gently lower a mockup Orion capsule to the ground during a test at the U.S. Army Yuma Proving Ground in Arizona on Dec. 20. The test verified that the parachute design for the spacecraft  which will take humans farther than theyve ever been before and return them to Earth at greater speeds than ever before  will work in the event of one of the capsules two drogue parachutes malfunctions.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Orion Spacecraft

Technicians prepare to fit a special fixture around an Orion capsule inside the high bay of the Operations   Checkout Building at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. The fixture is designed to enable precise pre-launch processing of the Orion spacecraft. 

Orion will be the most advanced spacecraft ever designed and carry astronauts farther into space than ever before. It will sustain astronauts during space travel and provide safe re-entry from deep space and emergency abort capability. Orion will be launched by NASA's Space Launch System (SLS), a heavy-lift rocket that will provide an entirely new capability for human exploration beyond low Earth orbit. Designed to be flexible for launching spacecraft for crew and cargo missions, SLS will enable new missions of exploration and expand human presence across the solar system.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Driving on the Moon

Forty years ago today on Dec. 11, 1972, astronaut Eugene A. Cernan, commander, makes a short checkout of the lunar rover during the early part of the first Apollo 17 extravehicular activity at the Taurus-Littrow landing site. This view of the "stripped down" rover is prior to loading up. Equipment later loaded onto the rover included the ground-controlled television assembly, the lunar communications relay unit, hi-gain antenna, low-gain antenna, aft tool pallet, lunar tools and scientific gear.

This photograph was taken by scientist-astronaut Harrison H. Schmitt, lunar module pilot. The mountain in the right background is the east end of South Massif. While astronauts Cernan and Schmitt descended in the Lunar Module "Challenger" to explore the moon, astronaut Ronald E. Evans, command module pilot, remained with the Command and Service Modules "America" in lunar orbit.

Image Credit: NASA 




 GRAIL's Gravity Tour of the Moon

This movie shows the variations in the lunar gravity field as measured by NASA's Gravity Recovery and Interior Laboratory (GRAIL) during the primary mapping mission from March to May 2012. Very precise microwave measurements between two spacecraft, named Ebb and Flow, were used to map gravity with high precision and high spatial resolution. The field shown resolves blocks on the surface of about 12 miles (20 kilometers) and measurements are three to five times improved over previous data. Red corresponds to mass excesses and blue corresponds to mass deficiencies. The map shows more small-scale detail on the far side of the moon compared to the nearside because the far side has many more small craters. 

 [See video](http://www.nasa.gov/multimedia/videogallery/index.html?media_id=156526301) 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MIT/GSFC 




 Caption: Earth at Night

This new global view of Earth's city lights is a composite assembled from data acquired by the Suomi National Polar-orbiting Partnership (NPP) satellite. The data was acquired over nine days in April 2012 and 13 days in October 2012. It took 312 orbits to get a clear shot of every parcel of Earth's land surface and islands. This new data was then mapped over existing Blue Marble imagery of Earth to provide a realistic view of the planet.

The image was made possible by the satellite's "day-night band" of the Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite, which detects light in a range of wavelengths from green to near-infrared and uses filtering techniques to observe dim signals such as city lights, gas flares, auroras, wildfires and reflected moonlight.

The day-night band observed Hurricane Sandy, illuminated by moonlight, making landfall over New Jersey on the evening of Oct. 29. Night images showed the widespread power outages that left millions in darkness in the wake of the storm. 

Image credit: NASA's Earth Observatory/NOAA/DOD 




 Caption: SLS Model 'Flies' Through Langley Wind Tunnel Testing

NASA's Space Launch System buffet model in NASA's Langley Researcher Center's Transonic Dynamics Tunnel. The SLS is America's next heavy-lift launch vehicle that will provide an entirely new capability for science and human exploration beyond Earth's orbit. 

Image credit: NASA/LaRC  




 Caption: Soyuz Re-Entry

Seen from the International Space Station, the Soyuz TMA-05M descent module begins to re-enter the Earth's atmosphere, leaving a plasma trail as the Expedition 33 crew streaks toward a pre-dawn landing on the steppe of Kazakhstan. 

Expedition 33 Commander Suni Williams and Flight Engineers Yuri Malenchenko and Aki Hoshide landed northeast of the remote town of Arkalyk at 8:56 p.m. EST Sunday (7:56 a.m. Monday, Kazakhstan time).  




 Caption: Centaur - A NASA Workhorse

Workers at the Propulsion Systems Laboratory at Lewis Research Center, now John H. Glenn Research Center, develop the Centaur upper stage rocket. The Centaur was an ambitious rocket using liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen. It was the first rocket to ever use hydrogen as a propulsion fuel and underwent a difficult development period. It later became a highly successful upper stage used for hundreds of NASA, commercial and military payloads. 

On Nov. 27, 1963, NASA had a successful launch of the first Atlas/Centaur. No payload was carried, but the powerful rocket scored a significant milestone: first in-flight burn of a liquid-hydrogen/liquid-oxygen engine. Major successes followed rapidly.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Update: ["Eleven skinned animals dumped near a public park in Lehigh County now appear to be foxes, not puppies, officials announced late Monday."](http://www.wfmz.com/news/news-regional-lehighvalley/Necropsy-11-animals-skinned-in-Lower-Macungie-were-not-dogs/-/132502/17554774/-/xr9gsr/-/index.html) 




 I seem biased because I posted a translation of the leaflet? 




 [Pic and translation of leaflet](http://blogs.aljazeera.com/liveblog?f[0]=field_ns_topic:136)

Translation:

Military Announcement

To the residents of Sheikh Ijleen, Tal al Hawa, Remal al-Janoub, Zeitoun neighbourhood, Shoujaiyat al-Tourkman, Shoujaiyat al-Jadida:

The Israeli military is not targeting any of you and does not want to hurt you or members of your family.

For your own safety, you are requested to evacuate your houses right away and to move towards Gaza city through Cairo Road, Arab League Road, al-Aqsa Road, al-Qadisiya Road, Em el Leymoun, Salaheddine, al-Mansoura, Khalas, Baghdad.

The deployment in Gaza city is limited in the west of Salah al-Din Road, north of Omar al Moukhtar Road, East of Nasr Road, and south of al-Qods Road.

This confrontation is temporary and once it ends everyone will go home.

Obeying the orders of the Israeli military will result in you, civilian residents, not being hurt

The Israeli Defence Army Leadership 




 Caption: Double Prominence Eruptions

The Sun erupted with two prominence eruptions, one after the other over a four-hour period on Nov. 16, 2012. The action was captured in the 304 Angstrom wavelength of extreme ultraviolet light. It seems possible that the disruption to the Suns magnetic field might have triggered the second event since they were in relatively close proximity to each other. The expanding particle clouds heading into space do not appear to be Earth-directed. 

Image Credit: NASA/SDO/Steele Hill 




 Caption: 100th Test Flight

The Boeing X-48 Blended Wing Body subscale research aircraft made its 100th flight in late October at NASA's Dryden Flight Research Center at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif.

The milestone occurred Oct. 30 when the unmanned X-48C aircraft was flown on two separate 25-minute flights -- the seventh and eighth flights for the X-48C since it began flying Aug. 7. Between 2007 and 2010, the aircraft, then in the X-48B configuration, made 92 flights.

Pictured here, Boeing's X-48C Blended Wing Body research aircraft is silhouetted against the morning sky over Edwards Air Force Base on Oct. 16, 2012.

Image Credit: NASA/Carla Thomas 




 Caption: One Giant Scoop for Mankind

This image shows a "bite mark" where NASA's Curiosity rover scooped up some Martian soil. The first scoop sample was taken from the "Rocknest" patch of dust and sand on Oct. 7, 2012, the 61st sol, or Martian day, of operations. A third scoop sample was collected on Oct. 15, or Sol 69, and deposited into the Chemistry and Mineralogy (CheMin) instrument on Oct. 17, or Sol 71. 

This image was taken by Curiosity's Mast Camera. Scientists enhanced the color in this version to show the Martian scene as it would appear under lighting conditions on Earth, which helps in analyzing the terrain. 

During the two-year prime mission of the Mars Science Laboratory Project, researchers are using Curiosity's 10 instruments to investigate whether areas in Gale Crater ever offered environmental conditions favorable for microbial life. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Dragon in its Nest

A Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX) Dragon spacecraft splashed down in the Pacific Ocean at 3:22 p.m. EDT Sunday, Oct. 28, 2012, a few hundred miles west of Baja California, Mexico. The splashdown successfully ended the first contracted cargo delivery flight contracted by NASA to resupply the International Space Station. 

The Dragon capsule will be taken by boat to a port near Los Angeles, where it will be prepared for a return journey to SpaceX's test facility in McGregor, Texas, for processing. Returning with the Dragon capsule was 1,673 pounds of cargo, including 866 pounds of scientific research. Not since the space shuttle have NASA and its international partners been able to return considerable amounts of research and samples for analysis.

Image Credit: SpaceX 




 Someone needs to create a doping confession form letter. 




 Caption: Rocket Rollout

The Soyuz rocket is rolled out to the launch pad by train, on Sunday, Oct. 21, 2012, at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. Launch of the Soyuz rocket is scheduled for Tuesday, Oct. 23. The rocket will send Expedition 33/34 Flight Engineer Kevin Ford of NASA, Soyuz Commander Oleg Novitskiy and Flight Engineer Engineer Evgeny Tarelkin of ROSCOSMOS on a five-month mission aboard the International Space Station. 

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Caption: Shuttle Endeavour Crossing
The space shuttle Endeavour is seen atop the Over Land Transporter (OLT) after exiting the Los Angeles International Airport on its way to its new home at the California Science Center in Los Angeles, Friday, Oct. 12, 2012. 

Endeavour, built as a replacement for space shuttle Challenger, completed 25 missions, spent 299 days in orbit, and orbited Earth 4,671 times while traveling 122,883,151 miles. Beginning Oct. 30, the shuttle will be on display in the CSCs Samuel Oschin Space Shuttle Endeavour Display Pavilion, embarking on its new mission to commemorate past achievements in space and educate and inspire future generations of explorers. 

Photo Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 [Checking a Bright Object on the Ground](http://mars.jpl.nasa.gov/news/whatsnew/index.cfm?FuseAction=ShowNews NewsID=1371)
 "Curiosity's first scooping activity appeared to go well on Oct. 7. Subsequently, the rover team decided to refrain from using the rover's robotic arm on Oct. 8 due to the detection of a bright object on the ground that might be a piece from the rover. Instead of arm activities during the 62nd Martian day, or sol, of the mission, Curiosity is acquiring additional imaging of the object to aid the team in identifying the object and assessing possible impact, if any, to sampling activities."

Also, here's an [image of the object taken by the ChemCam](http://mars.jpl.nasa.gov/msl-raw-images/proj/msl/redops/ods/surface/sol/00062/opgs/edr/ccam/CR0_403005421EDR_F0050104CCAM01062M_.JPG) 




 Curiosity takes the cinnamon challenge 




 Caption: View of Curiosity's First Scoop Also Shows Bright Object

This image from the right Mast Camera (Mastcam) of NASA's Mars rover Curiosity shows a scoop full of sand and dust lifted by the rover's first use of the scoop on its robotic arm. In the foreground, near the bottom of the image, a bright object is visible on the ground. The object might be a piece of rover hardware. 

This image was taken during the mission's 61st Martian day, or sol (Oct. 7, 2012), the same sol as the first scooping. After examining Sol 61 imaging, the rover team decided to refrain from using the arm on Sol 62 (Oct. 8). Instead, the rover was instructed to acquire additional imaging of the bright object, on Sol 62, to aid the team in assessing possible impact, if any, to sampling activities. 

For scale, the scoop is 1.8 inches (4.5 centimeters) wide, 2.8 inches (7 centimeters) long. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS 




 Caption: Mirror Inspection

Technicians and scientists check out one of the Webb telescope's first two flight mirrors on Sept. 19, 2012 in the clean room at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md.

The mirrors are going through receiving and inspection and will then be stored in the Goddard clean room until engineers are ready to assemble them onto the telescope's backplane structure that will support them.

One of the Webbs science goals is to look back through time to when galaxies were young. To see such far-off and faint objects, Webb needs a large mirror. A telescopes sensitivity, or how much detail it can see, is directly related to the size of the mirror area that collects light from the objects being observed. A larger area collects more light, just like a larger bucket collects more water in a rain shower than a small one.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Antares Rolls Out

Orbital Sciences Corporations Antares rocket rolls out to the launch pad at NASAs Wallops Flight Facility on the morning of Oct. 1, 2012. Over the next several months, Orbital plans a hot-fire test of the Antares first stage, the maiden flight of an Antares rocket, and a cargo delivery demonstration mission to the International Space Station as part of NASAs Commercial Orbital Transportation Services.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Sad 




 I didn't take it, it is a NASA shot. 




 Caption: President's Signature On Board Curiosity
This view of Curiosity's deck shows a plaque bearing several signatures of US officials, including that of President Obama and Vice President Biden. The image was taken by the rover's Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) during the rover's 44th Martian day, or sol, on Mars (Sept. 19, 2012). The plaque is located on the front left side of the rover's deck. 

The rectangular plaque is made of anodized aluminum and measures 3.94 inches (100 millimeters) tall by 3.23 inches (82 millimeters) wide. The plaque was affixed to the rover's deck with four bolts. 

Similar plaques with signatures - including those of the sitting president and vice-president -- adorn the lander platforms for NASA's Spirit and Opportunity rovers, which landed on Mars in January of 2004. An image from Spirit's plaque can be found at: http://photojournal.jpl.nasa.gov/catalog/PIA05034 

The main purpose of Curiosity's MAHLI camera is to acquire close-up, high-resolution views of rocks and soil at the rover's Gale Crater field site. The camera is capable of focusing on any target at distances of about 0.8 inch (2.1 centimeters) to infinity, providing versatility for other uses, such as views of the rover itself from different angles. 
 




 I agree, though the article is more about calling out the national media than it is about Romney's high school bullying. 




 Caption: Space Shuttle Endeavour Over Houston, Texas

Space Shuttle Endeavour is ferried by NASA's Shuttle Carrier Aircraft (SCA) over Houston, Texas on September 19, 2012. NASA pilots Jeff Moultrie and Bill Rieke are at the controls of the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft. Photo taken by NASA photographer Sheri Locke in the backseat of a NASA T-38 chase plane with NASA pilot Thomas E. Parent at the controls.

Photo Credit: NASA/ Sheri Locke 




 Caption: James Webb Space Telescope Mirror 'Cans'

The powerful primary mirrors of the James Webb Space Telescope will be able to detect the light from distant galaxies. The manufacturer of those mirrors, Ball Aerospace   Technologies Corp. of Boulder, Colo., recently celebrated their successful efforts as mirror segments were packed up in special shipping canisters (cans) for shipping to NASA.

The Webb telescope has 21 mirrors, with 18 primary mirror segments working together as one large 21.3-foot (6.5-meter) primary mirror. The mirror segments are made of beryllium, which was selected for its stiffness, light weight and stability at cryogenic temperatures. Bare beryllium is not very reflective of near-infrared light, so each mirror is coated with about 0.12 ounce of gold. 




 Caption: Space Shuttle Endeavour

Space shuttle Endeavour is seen atop NASA's Shuttle Carrier Aircraft, or SCA, at the Shuttle Landing Facility in the early morning hours at NASA's Kennedy Space Center on Tuesday, Sept. 18, 2012 in Cape Canaveral, Fla. The SCA, a modified 747 jetliner, will fly Endeavour to Los Angeles where it will be placed on public display at the California Science Center. This is the final ferry flight scheduled in the Space Shuttle Program era. Photo Credit: (NASA/Bill Ingalls) 




 Caption: Space Shuttle Endeavour

Space shuttle Endeavour is seen atop NASA's Shuttle Carrier Aircraft, or SCA, at the Shuttle Landing Facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center on Monday, Sept. 17, 2012 in Cape Canaveral, Fla. The SCA, a modified 747 jetliner, will fly Endeavour to Los Angeles where it will be placed on public display at the California Science Center. This is the final ferry flight scheduled in the Space Shuttle Program era. 

Image Credit: NASA/Bill Ingalls 




 Why does everyone forget that Bush led SEAL Team 6 to ~~Tora Bora~~ bin Laden's front door? 




 If you can't win, cheat.  It's the republican way. 




 How DARE they cross Ted Nugent 




 Caption: Panorama of Curiosity's Belly Check

This view of the lower front and underbelly areas of NASA's Mars rover Curiosity combines nine images taken by the rover's Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) during the 34th Martian day, or sol, of Curiosity's work on Mars (Sept. 9, 2012). 

Curiosity's front Hazard-Avoidance cameras appear as a set of four blue eyes at the top center of the portrait. Fine-grain Martian dust can be seen adhering to the wheels, which are about 16 inches (40 centimeters) wide and 20 inches (50 centimeters) in diameter. The bottom of the rover is about 26 inches (66 centimeters) above the ground. On the horizon at the right is a portion of Mount Sharp, with dark dunes at its base. 

The camera is in the turret of tools at the end of Curiosity's robotic arm. The Sol 34 imaging by MAHLI was part of a week-long set of activities for characterizing the movement of the arm in Mars conditions. As this was a test to gain new information about operation of the instrument, the MAHLI team noted that two of the nine images acquired for this mosaic were not in focus. 

The main purpose of Curiosity's MAHLI camera is to acquire close-up, high-resolution views of rocks and soil at the rover's Gale Crater field site. The camera is capable of focusing on any target at distances of about 0.8 inch (2.1 centimeters) to infinity, providing versatility for other uses, such as views of the rover itself from different angles. 

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Malin Space Science Systems 




 Insanity...alive and well, in the Tea Party. 




 Caption: Sunita Williams on Spacewalk

NASA astronaut Sunita Williams, Expedition 32 flight engineer, appears to touch the bright sun during the missions third session of extravehicular activity (EVA) on Sept. 5, 2012. 

During the six-hour, 28-minute spacewalk, Williams and Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency astronaut Aki Hoshide (visible in the reflections of Williams helmet visor), flight engineer, completed the installation of a Main Bus Switching Unit (MBSU) that was hampered by a possible misalignment and damaged threads where a bolt must be placed. They also installed a camera on the International Space Stations robotic arm, Canadarm2.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Should read: (peaks over 14,000 ft)...  stupid fingers 




 Full Caption: Focusing the 100-millimeter Mastcam

This image is from a test series used to characterize the 100-millimeter Mast Camera on NASA's Curiosity rover. It was taken on Aug. 23, 2012, and looks south-southwest from the rover's landing site.

The 100-millimeter Mastcam has three times better resolution than Curiosity's 34-millimeter Mastcam, though it has a narrower field of view.

The gravelly area around Curiosity's landing site is visible in the foreground. Farther away, about a third of the way up from the bottom of the image, the terrain falls off into a depression (a swale). Beyond the swale, in the middle of the image, is the boulder-strewn, red-brown rim of a moderately-sized impact crater. Farther off in the distance, there are dark dunes and then the layered rock at the base of Mount Sharp. Some haze obscures the view, but the top ridge, depicted in this image, is 10 miles (16.2 kilometers) away.

Scientists enhanced the color in one version to show the Martian scene under the lighting conditions we have on Earth, which helps in analyzing the terrain. A raw version is also available.

An annotated version of the image indicates the distances to different features. They were calculated using a computer program that analyzes data from the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) camera aboard NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.

Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS 




 Tax the church. 




 Caption: Space Medal of Honor

Astronaut Neil Armstrong received the first Congressional Space Medal of Honor from President Jimmy Carter, assisted by Captain Robert Peterson. Armstrong, one of six astronauts to be presented the medal during ceremonies held in the Vehicle Assembly Building, was awarded for his performance during the Gemini 8 mission and the Apollo 11 mission when he became the first human to set foot upon the moon. 

Armstrong died on Aug. 25, 2012, at the age of 82.

Image Credit: NASA 




 [Wikipedia says](http://bit.ly/RjnNqP) first exploration test flight in 2014 and first mission with a crew 2019-2021. 




 Caption: Orion Spacecraft Water Impact Testing

Water impact test of an 18,000-pound (8,165 kilogram) test version of the Orion spacecraft at NASA's Langley Research Center on Thursday, Aug. 23, 2012.

Swing drop testing began last summer at Langley's Hydro Impact Basin to certify the Orion spacecraft for water landings. In this series of tests, Orion is being dropped vertically into the pool for the first time, which will help fine-tune the way NASA predicts Orion's landing loads. 

The Orion spacecraft and the Space Launch System (SLS), NASAs next crew capsule and heavy-lift rocket, will provide an entirely new capability for human exploration. Designed to be flexible for launching spacecraft for crew and cargo missions, SLS and Orion will expand human presence beyond low Earth orbit and enable new missions of exploration across the solar system.

Image Credit: NASA 




 "...all at U.S. taxpayers expense" 




 Caption: Russians Outfit the ISS

Russian cosmonauts Gennady Padalka (top), Expedition 32 commander; and Yuri Malenchenko, flight engineer, participate in a session of extravehicular activity (EVA) to continue outfitting the International Space Station. During the five-hour, 51-minute spacewalk on August 20, 2012, Padalka and Malenchenko moved the Strela-2 cargo boom from the Pirs docking compartment to the Zarya module to prepare Pirs for its eventual replacement with a new Russian multipurpose laboratory module. The two spacewalking cosmonauts also installed micrometeoroid debris shields on the exterior of the Zvezda service module and deployed a small science satellite. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Curiosity in Exaggerated Color

This color-enhanced view of NASA's Curiosity rover on the surface of Mars was taken by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter as the satellite flew overhead. Colors have been enhanced to show the subtle color variations near the rover, which result from different types of materials. 

The descent stage blast pattern around the rover is clearly seen as relatively blue colors (true colors would be more gray). 

Curiosity landed within Gale Crater, a portion of which is pictured here. The mountain at the center of the crater, called Mount Sharp, is located out of frame to the southeast. North is up. 

This image was acquired at an angle of 30 degrees from straight down, looking west. Another image looking more directly down will be acquired in five days, completing a stereo pair along with this image. 

The scale of this image cutout is about 12 inches (31 centimeters) per pixel. 

HiRISE is one of six instruments on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. The University of Arizona, Tucson, operates the orbiter's HiRISE camera, which was built by Ball Aerospace   Technologies Corp., Boulder, Colo. NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter Project for NASAs Science Mission Directorate, Washington. Lockheed Martin Space Systems, Denver, built the spacecraft. 

Image credit: NASNASA/JPL-Caltech/University of Arizona 




 Caption: Orion's Main Parachutes

One of Orions main parachutes from the Capsule Parachute Assembly System, or CPAS, is lowered into the water at the Neutral Buoyancy Lab (NBL) at the Johnson Space Center in Houston. The Orion CPAS team joined the Exploration Flight Test 1 recovery team and representatives of the U.S. Navy to test recovery procedures for the Orion parachutes.

The NBL is 202 feet in length, 102 feet in width, and 40 feet in depth (20 feet above ground level and 20 ft below) and holds 6.2 million gallons of water. In addition to the current parachute recovery test the facility has been used by the Orion program to test the Crew Module Uprighting system on a full size Orion mockup known as PORT.

Image Credit: NASA/James Blair 




 Caption: Gale Crater Vista
This is the first 360-degree panorama in color of the Gale Crater landing site taken by NASA's Curiosity rover. The panorama was made from thumbnail versions of images taken by the Mast Camera.

Scientists will take a closer look at several splotches in the foreground that appear gray. These areas show the effects of the descent stage's rocket engines blasting the ground. What appeared as a dark strip of dunes in previous, black-and-white pictures from Curiosity can be seen along the top of this mosaic, but the color images also reveal additional shades of reddish brown around the dunes, likely indicating different textures or materials.

The images were taken on Aug. 9, 2012, by the 34-millimeter Mast Camera. This panorama mosaic was made of 130 images of 144 by 144 pixels each. Selected full frames from this panorama, which are 1,200 by 1,200 pixels each, are expected to be transmitted to Earth later. The images in this panorama were brightened in the processing. Mars only receives half the sunlight Earth does and this image was taken in the late Martian afternoon.

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS 




 Full caption: Curiosity's New Home
These are the first two full-resolution images of the Martian surface from the Navigation cameras on NASA's Curiosity rover, which are located on the rover's "head" or mast. The rim of Gale Crater can be seen in the distance beyond the pebbly ground. 

The topography of the rim is very mountainous due to erosion. The ground seen in the middle shows low-relief scarps and plains. The foreground shows two distinct zones of excavation likely carved out by blasts from the rover's descent stage thrusters. 

These are full-resolution images, 1024 by 1024 pixels in size. 

Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech 




 Caption: Blended Wing Body Aircraft Lifts Off

The remotely operated X-48C Blended Wing Body aircraft lifts off Rogers Dry Lake at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif., on its first test flight Aug. 7, 2012. The sub-scale technology demonstrator, modified from the prior X-48B configuration, is entering a new flight test phase in a partnership between NASA and The Boeing Company's Phantom Works research and technology division. 

The aircraft, designed by the Boeing Co. and built by Cranfield Aerospace Ltd. of the United Kingdom, is flying again in partnership with NASA. The new X-48C model, which was formerly the X-48B Blended Wing Body aircraft, was modified to evaluate the low-speed stability and control of a low-noise version of a notional, future Hybrid Wing Body (HWB) aircraft design. The HWB design stems from concept studies being conducted by NASA's Environmentally Responsible Aviation project of future potential aircraft designs 20 years from now.

Image Credit: NASA/Carla Thomas 




 Looks like the Chick-fil-A PR trolls are out in force again 




 Not to mention that inside, there are two pickles touching. 




 And you in the "freedom and liberty for some" column. 




 Caption: Triumph

In the Mission Operations Control Room of the Mission Control Center, Building 30, Manned Spacecraft Center, flight controllers applaud the splashdown and success of the Apollo 11 lunar mission. 

Four days earlier on July 20, 1969, mission commander Neil Armstrong and lunar module pilot Buzz Aldrin landed on the moon. Armstrong, Aldrin and command module pilot Michael Collins splashed down in the Pacific Ocean on July 24, successfully completing the mission. 

Image Credit: NASA 




 Just like George Bush killed bin Laden retroactively. 




 [Eat more kale](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/12/05/us/eat-more-kale-t-shirts-challenged-by-chick-fil-a.html) 




 Boycott Chik-fil-a 




 Caption: Expedition 32 Soyuz Rocket Rollout

The Soyuz TMA-05M spacecraft is rolled out by train on its way to the launch pad at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan, Thursday, July 12, 2012. The launch of the Soyuz spacecraft with Expedition 32 Soyuz Commander Yuri Malenchenko, NASA Flight Engineer Sunita Williams and JAXA (Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency) Flight Engineer Akihiko Hoshide is scheduled for the morning of Sunday, July 15, local time. 

Image Credit: NASA/Carla Cioffi 




 [Kobayashi edges Chestnut in Fourth of July Brooklyn Weiner War](http://offthebench.nbcsports.com/2012/07/04/kobayashi-edges-chestnut-in-fourth-of-july-weiner-war)

"Despite the best efforts of the Nathans Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest establishment to ignore his existence, Hot Dog Rebel Takeru Kobayashi still managed to steal the spotlight from Joey Chestnut in the weiner eating war. At Coney Island, Chestnut gobbled 68 hot dogs to win the Nathans 2012 title, and the crowd rejoiced. But a couple of miles away, Kobayashi  banned from the Nathans event in 2010 due to a contract dispute  scarfed 68 1/2 dogs to win the inaugural Crif Hot Dog Challenge." 




 Caption: First Space-Bound MPCV Packed for Shipment to Kennedy

(26 June 2012) --- At NASAs Michoud Assembly Facility in Louisiana, the first space-bound Orion capsule is packed up for shipment to the Kennedy Space Center for final processing and outfitting. This spacecraft will fly on Exploration Flight Test-1 in 2014. The EFT-1 flight will take Orion to an altitude of more than 3,600 miles, more than 15 times farther away from Earth than the International Space Station. Orion will return home at a speed of 25,000 miles per hour, almost 5,000 miles per hour faster than any human spacecraft. It will mimic the return conditions that astronauts experience as they come home from voyages beyond low Earth orbit. As Orion reenters the atmosphere, it will endure temperatures up to 4,000 degrees F., higher than any human spacecraft since astronauts returned from the moon.

Photo credit: NASA. 




 Caption: Atlantis Replica Gets Processed

In Orbiter Processing Facility-1 at NASAs Kennedy Space Center in Florida, technicians sitting on the Hyster forklift monitor the progress as technicians in the aft portion of space shuttle Atlantis connect replica shuttle main engine RSME number 2. Three RSMEs will be installed on Atlantis. The work is part of the Space Shuttle Programs transition and retirement processing of the space shuttle fleet. A groundbreaking was held Jan. 18 for Atlantis future home, a 65,000-square-foot exhibit hall in Shuttle Plaza at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex. Atlantis is scheduled to roll over to the visitor complex in November in preparation for the exhibits grand opening in July 2013. 

Photo credit: NASA, Glenn Benson 




 [Here's one that is even more expensive!](http://laughingsquid.com/666-burger-truck-serves-a-pentagram-branded-666-douche-burger/) 




 Caption: Blue Marble 2012 - Arctic View

Fifteen orbits of the recently launched Suomi NPP satellite provided the VIIRS instrument enough time (and longitude) to gather the pixels for this synthesized view of Earth showing the Arctic, Europe, and Asia.

Suomi NPP orbits the Earth about 14 times each day and observes nearly the entire surface. The NPP satellite continues key data records that are critical for climate change science.

Image Credit: NASA/GSFC 




 Caption: Moving MIRI is an Exact Science

Now that NASA's Mid-Infrared Instrument (MIRI) is in the giant clean room at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., it's important to make sure every detail is perfect. That includes moving the MIRI. Pictured here, some engineers mount the MIRI onto an ASMIF (Ambient Science Instrument Mechanical Interface Fixture) for the next series of tests. Standing in the background, another engineer peers through a theodolite camera to ensure that the MIRI is moving exactly where it needs to go. Theodolites are used in activities like surveying to measure angles and accurately determine positions and movements. The MIRI will fly onboard NASA's James Webb Space Telescope, the next generation space telescope that will succeed the Hubble Space Telescope.

Credit: NASA/Chris Gunn; Caption: NASA/Rob Gutro 




 Caption: NuSTAR Spacecraft Jointed to Rocket

In this image from February 2012, technicians review their checklists after joining NASA's NuSTAR spacecraft with the Orbital Sciences Pegasus XL rocket inside an environmental enclosure at Vandenberg Air Force Base's processing facility in California. 

Image credit: NASA/Randy Beaudoin 




 Caption: Evaluating the Advanced Crew Escape Suit

NASA astronaut Rex Walheim participated in an evaluation of the Advanced Crew Escape Suit (ACES) in the Active Response Gravity Offload System, or ARGOS, at the Johnson Space Center on Tuesday, June, 5, 2012. The modified ACES suit is fully integrated with Orion life support systems and will be used by crews for ascent and entry, as well as light extra vehicular activities, commonly referred to as spacewalks. The ARGOS system allows an astronaut to be suspended and have full freedom of motion, simulating a microgravity environment. During this test, Walheim evaluated the amount of dexterity the suit would provide for various tasks including translating across handrails, working with tools and entering a spacecraft hatch.

Image Credit: NASA/Radislav Sinyak 




 Caption: Venus Transit From the Space Station

This image of the 2012 Venus Transit was taken by NASA Astronaut Don Pettit from aboard the International Space Station on June 5, 2012. Pettit, who had the foresight to bring a solar filter for his camera, captured several images of the June 5 transit, downloading them in almost real-time. He photographed the image through the European Space Agency-built "cupola", removing the scratch panes to get crisp, clear images.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Caption: Coronal Hole on the Sun

This image of a coronal hole on the sun bears a remarkable resemblance to the 'Sesame Street' character Big Bird. Coronal holes are regions where the sun's corona is dark. These features were discovered when X-ray telescopes were first flown above the Earth's atmosphere to reveal the structure of the corona across the solar disc. Coronal holes are associated with 'open' magnetic field lines and are often found at the suns poles. The high-speed solar wind is known to originate in coronal holes. The solar wind escaping from this hole will reach Earth around June 5-7, 2012.

Image Credit: NASA/AIA 




 Caption: Capturing the Dragon

On May 25, 2012, with darkness, Earth's horizon and thin line of atmosphere forming a backdrop, the SpaceX Dragon commercial cargo craft is grappled by the Canadarm2 robotic arm at the International Space Station. Expedition 31 Flight Engineers Don Pettit and Andre Kuipers grappled Dragon at 9:56 a.m. EDT and used the robotic arm to berth Dragon to the Earth-facing side of the stations Harmony node at 12:02 p.m. May 25, 2012. Dragon became the first commercially developed space vehicle to be launched to the station to join Russian, European and Japanese resupply craft that service the complex while restoring a U.S. capability to deliver cargo to the orbital laboratory. Dragon is scheduled to spend about a week docked with the station before returning to Earth on May 31 for retrieval.

Image Credit: NASA 




 Thanks for the info, I had wondered about the solar arrays in the pic.  That image/caption was up on nasa.gov as their 'image of the day' yesterday morning, but I see now it has been removed. 




 Caption: Inside the Dragon (Capsule)

This image of the inside of the Dragon module was taken by European Space Agency astronaut Andre Kuipers. 

The SpaceX Falcon 9 and its Dragon spacecraft launched on Tuesday, May 22, at 3:44 a.m. EDT. 

This mission is a demonstration flight by Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, as part of its contract with NASA to have private companies launch cargo safely to the International Space Station.

Image Credit: ESA/NASA 










































































 I would like to see it. 










































































 CNN: 2 dead (including shooter), 4 hurt (3 critically, 1 in serious condition) 




 Via twitter: "Hospital confirms three patients and fourth en route from school shooting" 




 Shooter at Pilchuck High School in Marysville, WA is dead from self inflicted gunshot wound. -- Seattle Times. 




 Grades 9-12 according to the KOMO coverage 




 [Live coverage](http://www.komonews.com/live) 





































































 [Raw footage from Globe reporter shows scene inside Parliament building under lockdown](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5Vn4Gztnfk) 




 [Second suspect still on the loose](https://twitter.com/curryb/status/524933659808497664) 









 [Gunman shot and killed.](https://twitter.com/btrottier/status/524930834051379200) 












































































































































































































 Usually for WSJ articles, if you google in quotes the title or first line of the article, then click on the same WSJ article that appears at the top of the google results, you should be able to see the article.  




 [Here it is from a Rupert Murdoch's Wall St Journal](http://online.wsj.com/articles/u-s-jobless-claims-fall-to-264-000-1413462708) 



























































































































































































































































































































































































 [Here's video of the incident](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=farOIbrnURs) 
























































































































































































































































































































































 Bath salts? 




 According to twitter, [this is their front door](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/B3FqEIdIMAA1smM.jpg:large)  
















































































































































 The driver of the truck, Steven Howard Bernier, is also a [registered sex offender.](http://www.homefacts.com/offender-detail/PA33262/Steven-Howard-Bernier.html) 







































 The title was changed.  URL reflects original title. 






























































































































































































































































 [Live feed of the press conference](http://www.nbcnews.com/watch/live-video/watch-live-officials-discuss-virgin-galactic-s-spaceshiptwo-crash-322485827772) 









 [Another](http://i.imgur.com/JbQMH8G.jpg) 


































 [More info on silly hat strap](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pennsylvania_State_Police#Uniform_.E2.80.93_troopers_to_sergeants):

"The PSP trademark item is the campaign style hat with the chin strap worn in the front under the chin on the winter campaign hat(as opposed to most agencies that wear the strap of the campaign hat behind the head). The hat contains a blackened commonwealth coat of arms. It is required to be worn whenever the trooper is outdoors. It is made of dark gray felt (for wintertime wear) or light gray straw (for summertime wear). The strap of the summer hat is worn behind the head.

Also, as an optional part of the winter uniform, troopers may wear a black "woolly-pully" commando sweater over their uniform shirts, along with a vinyl/fur winter hat." 
























 Mine even had a comment on it. 




 Same thing happened to me 
























 [Local news live feed](http://pzfeed.com/live-feed/) 
























 [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/nasahqphoto/15656286995/) 
























