 Kinda reminds me of the Axe Flinger. Deals 2 damage to the face for each hit. Nice idea though! 




 Wanna try a new game, but have no idea how to quit this one. Is there some way to end the subscription? I was born with the "Depression" feature and it makes playing this game really boring. 

Anyone know of any better games to play?  
























 Describes my work life pretty well actually. 




 Creepy thought, but the ending was predictable. Maybe a twist as to why no one was sleeping? Maybe they browsed https://tw.reddit.com/r/NoSleep 
























 Not really scary as much as comforting. 

Mike reminded me of Danny DeVito as Owen in "Throw Momma From the Train"  




 Effects like that happen in a queue. It's odd, but a great mechanic to learn to be pro. Pretty much first effect play, first effect resolved. When you played Shadow Madness first, it had to resolve  before Power Overwhelming. However, Power Overwhelming triggers at the end of the owner's turn, so when owner's switched the effect stayed.  
























 Should have told the Japs about it. The Hentai would have made you a billionaire. Still, hope therapy is going well for you 




 R.I.P OP, you poor bastard  
























 Humans. Humans never change. 

I kinda do see this becoming reality one day, as history repeats itself. We'd find a weaker, submissive race and make them do our dirty work. 

We'd have a war or two to free them.
Then they'd fight for their civil rights.
And the next thing you know, we'll have legal inter-species relations with them.

I love humans! 




 You must have been petrified. 
























 I awoke to my alarm. I quickly dressed myself and drove the 15min commute to work. 

All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. 

I arrived at my workplace and checked in with security. The guard gave me a simple "Good Morning" as I saluted her with my own "Good Morning". After a couple of ID swipes and automated doors, I sat down at my desk and turned on my computer. 

All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. 

I browsed my daily online news articles, then jumped on reddit to read my daily subs. When someone passed my cubicle, I would quickly switch over to an online HTML tutorial. I've read it several times, but I didn't want anyone to know I was goofing off.

All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. 

The line for coffee was long. Some people looked like they were dragged out of bed. Others were too chipper to be natural. How do they do it? Was it just a mask they wore, hiding their tired, grouchy nature? I drudged to the front of the line and got my coffee. 

All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. 

I had a brief meeting with my supervisor. She droned on about deadlines, quality, work ethics, and the rest. I nodded my head every so often to appear attentive. I drew funny doodles in my notebook whenever she said something that appeared to be important. The meeting finally ended, and I traveled back to my cubicle. 

All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. 

I gave away 8hrs of my life for $80 minus the government's pound of flesh. I clocked out and walked through the endless cycle of automatic doors and ID swipes. As I left, the security guard gave me a cheerful "Have a good day" as I saluted her the same. 

All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. 

I arrived at my house and sat down in front of my computer. I browsed my nightly news articles, then jumped on reddit to read my nightly subs. I played a few games of Hearthstone and CS-GO. 

All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. 

As I rested in bed, I kept thinking upon the days events. All the while, I kept feeling like I had done this all before. I recalled every minute of day with such clarity, as if I had re-read this page over and over again. 

I had been feeling like this for the past 5 years now. Every day, the same old routine. Like cogs in a machine, I only fit in with the daily turn. Not tomorrow though. Tomorrow would be different. As I told myself that, I knew I had said those words before.  




 Wow, I remember hearing a show on the radio yesterday about a guy being doused in gasoline and then roasted alive. 

What are the odds? 
























