 Actually, there isn't anything reasonable that can be done. Violent acts happen and will continue happen. Evil exists. There's nothing you can do about it unless you want to gut the constitution and live in a totalitarian society. 




  if a foreign terrorist had committed this attack we would be doing a heck of a lot more then skirting the issue. 

There is no issue here that can be controlled, and to use this as a political statement so soon to score political points is pretty sick.


 Larry Wilmore who comes on after Stewart had a good point that if things didn't change after sandy hook then things will never change. I gotta agree sadly.

If things didn't change after Ferguson riots, then things will never change. I gotta agree sadly. 




  worth a dismissive news segment?

what are you talking about? Its all over the news 24/7  




 Why do you think the nose is fake? 
























 its not uncommon for there to be 10+ or even 30 murders on a weekend in Chicago. You'd think they'd have live coverage, but nope. 




 If you are pretty sure, can you provide a source for your claim? 




 ***Intercom turns on*** *'Hello citizens. Would the following students: Chris Rock, Dave Chappelle, and Richard Pryor please come to the principal's office for a mandatory Re-education tolerance training program. Thank you'* 




 What needs to happen? The guys is caught in less than 24 hours because of media attention and the community/people coming together. There's no reasonable policy that will protect against a future evil act other than arming pastors and having security guards at churches. The administration proposed semi-automatic rifle gun bans in the wake of Sandy Hook in order to prevent another Adam Lanza. This dude legally used a regular old pistol to conduct his shooting spree so it wouldn't have mattered at all. There are just things in this world that you cannot control, and that is preventing sick, evil people to plan out their sick, evil fantasies. 
























 None of those reasons make it a terrorist attack. 




 Ok, the gun by itself is not banned or illegal just the act of the transaction between the father and son because of his previous felony charge. 

It still would not matter because not only was the straw purchase done (illegal). Stealing the gun from the mother (illegal). Walking inside a Church in SC with a gun (illegal). No law or policy would have prevented the shooter to commit the act. In order for laws to work, criminals must follow them. 




  After all, if they don't cover something when you're asleep, then how could their coverage be "24-7 since early in the morning yesterday"?

Replay. Happens all the time.

 If they can provide coverage for hours as soon as the event begins for a missing plane

The news broke during the day and so its easier and you have more time to tell people to stay in longer, make calls, cancel programming, and organize the rest of the news programming later in the day.  




 It has been 24/7 since early in the morning yesterday. The shooting took place at 9pm the night before. You know it sounds crazy, but people sleep at night and have scheduled hours to come in to work. 
























 MSNBC. 









 Just make Rachel Dolezal a superhero. 




 Actually, you're right. Sorry, I got the block party shootings mixed up. I thought it was just one event in Detroit. 
























 So, you are a Sun denier? 




 zzz... 




 Coulter lists all the reasons why she says soccer is not a real sport. Among them: "Individual achievement is not a big factor."

"The blame is dispersed and almost no one scores anyway," Coulter writes. "There are no heroes, no losers, no accountability, and no child's fragile self-esteem is bruised. There's a reason perpetually alarmed women are called 'soccer moms,' not 'football moms.'"

Another: It's boring, she claims.

"If Michael Jackson had treated his chronic insomnia with a tape of Argentina vs. Brazil instead of Propofol, he'd still be alive, although bored," Coulter quips.

It's not violent enough for Coulter.

"The prospect of either personal humiliation or major injury is required to count as a sport," she writes. "Most sports are sublimated warfare."

In American football, she writes, "ambulances carry off the wounded. After a soccer game, every player gets a ribbon and a juice box."

And despite the stellar ratings that Sunday's USA-Portugal game received in the United States (18.2 million viewers, according to ESPN), Coulter doesn't believe the sport is actually catching on here.

"The same people trying to push soccer on Americans are the ones demanding that we love HBO's 'Girls,' light-rail, Beyonc and Hillary Clinton," she writes. "The number of New York Times articles claiming soccer is 'catching on' is exceeded only by the ones pretending women's basketball is fascinating."

Coulter claims she's not the only one bored by soccer in the States. "One group of sports fans with whom soccer is not 'catching on' at all, is African-Americans," Coulter writes. "They remain distinctly unimpressed by the fact that the French like it.

"If more 'Americans' are watching soccer today, it's only because of the demographic switch effected by Teddy Kennedy's 1965 immigration law," Coulter adds. "I promise you: No American whose great-grandfather was born here is watching soccer. One can only hope that, in addition to learning English, these new Americans will drop their soccer fetish with time."
 




 Trump/Christie 2016

*Listen Motherfuckers, Shut up and Sit Down!* 
























 "Too big to fail" 




 That sounds too reasonable for this sub. You need to flair it up with some hyperbole to get the attention of naive undergrad students to understand and follow your message. 




 This is patently false. There have been cooler periods through out history with CO2 over 700ppm. 




 Actually, In 15 years there will be less climate truthers. Polls show that this new younger generation is more skeptical about the alarmist claims from the AGW clique than the previous generation. 
























