 i rather it not have multiplayer. 




 thats sweet i love Army of two 




 my grandfather bought a Playstation 2 at a yardsale and found this game. i use to play it so much that when i remembered it i looked it up. My friend owns a gamestore and found it, i bought it off of him for 7 dollars 




 I know right i love dominion  









 My boss did that in 3 months. I remember when he lost the one challenge like 25 times in a row he almost threw a controller at a customer 




 I know that feel i did it with a truck and my friend kept walking over my care and using it as a personal bridge.
What system are you playing on 














 I mean like a song that is not on a soundtrack. But i love 117 too. 




 Do you mind if i use this as my background i put it on and IT IS PERFECT. great drawing by the way you should do more or record yourself and post it. Id like to see what other stuff you can draw.  




 What song that is not a fan made song do you halo fans think fits halo 4 the best. I love halo but i just can't find the perfect song to listen to at the midnight release. Suggestions
7 MORE DAYS 




 The one thing i hate is that i went on the song Back in Black and the comments are spammed by cod fans. Saying people only know this song because of CoD. 




 thanks I was wondering why he already won a prize. 




 when i was a kid my brother really liked WWE. I watched it all the time with him. I first memory was of stone cold steve austin getting thrown off a bridge. I had a VHS tape about stone cold steve austin that i watched everyday. Good memories...WWE is the one way i will remember my great grandfather and grandfather. We would watch it every week together. 




 Im waiting to watch it because you get it on a dvd with the limited edition But u am really tempted to watch it. 









 Nice!!! 




 Great song 




 I think they should add so that if you kill a spartan while you're the flood, then the spartan will convert on the spot doing like an animation of pain and after a couple of seconds he'll be up and ready to infect some more. Of course the other survivors will be able to kill the spartan while he is in the transformation and stop him from turning. He will then get a medal and the infected will just respawn somewhere else. 




 I love Rage 




 Who got limited edition i think it's totally worth it 




 Its just not in its prime any more is what he is saying 




 Im on episode 168 of original series. I havent watched naruto for a long time so i wanted to start the original series first. Are the fillers worth watching i feel as if ill miss something 




 Do you have Xbox 




 i have money just need a game to hold me over till Halo 4 because i paid halo 4 off. I loved the first one but just wasn't sure if i wanted it. 




 Slayer is amazing my friends always make fun of me for all the slayer shirts i wear 




 SLAYER FUCK YEA 
























 Orion by Metallica 




 The cruelest dream, reality!!! 




 Brandon OD'd and died 




 He just plays guitar and smokes a lot of pot. 




 My first was Americana. Ixnay on the Hombre is the only album i don't have. But i listened to it and love it. 




 Im pretty sure Everybody thought of the offsrping.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrZ4sMRYimw 




 Instead she dropped out and had a couple of Kids. 




 It is a great game. I love it 




 I want the classic feel of playing it on SNES. 




 I think when it becomes summer i'll try yard sales. I don't trust Ebay and Amazon over prices stuff. Earthbound is $20,000 on their new.  




 Nope Wrestle mania 2000 




 It's fine i know way to much already because of my damn friend. 




 Spoiler...
sorry i just started watching Naruto again. I'm on episode 104. after i watched the entire original series. 




 I still don't understand how Naruto was still a genin. He beat Kiba and Neji in the Exams. Explain that to me if possible. 




 This is truly amazing. I love that Bungie would do that. 




 I actually do the same thing sometimes.  




 YES!! 




 I love most of the maps i wish they would add Grifball or at least make some of the game modes Permanent. 









 One of my favorite songs by them 




 these pictures are starting to become annoying 




 Im still debating if i should get dishonored or Hitman what do you think is better? 




 Banjo kazooie and conkers bad fur day if you can find those as well 




 yea sorry about that 




 yea sorry for that bad quility guys 




 it sucks they dont work on flat screen T.Vs 




 he would also need to find one of those damn expansion pack. I can never get a cheap one. 




 i never really played multiplayer i always played it singleplayer. 
























 That needs to be a thing. 




 I use them as mini posters 




 Its my birthday too and I share a similar problem.  Happy birthday 




 I love N.H.K 




 Thank you 




 Thank you. I really needed someone to say something.  




 Anti-Flag. They may have started in the nineties but, they are still going strong In my opinion.  




 I'm actually on episode 4 and so far its ok. I hope it picks up. 




 Please help. 




 Thank you. I'm also a bit new to this sub reddit so I didn't know. 




 Exactly, that's how i feel. 




 Master of Medals be pulling your stings. -medallica 




 Yea that's what I thought. Since it evolves and has an egg.  




 This may be a stupid question but is Volcarona a legendary. You do encounter it like a legendary Pokemon but... 




 Oh.... 









 They need to make it for android... 




 That's really cool. You made it? 




 Thanks dude. I actually really like these. 




 I can't find any good Rakdos wallpapers,  can someone help? 




 Ok. I have been playing for about 2 months. Got all the basics and im actually decent. Recently I got Obzedat Ghost council and I need help with a deck to use it in. I was going to throw it into my exalted deck till I get more cards but I really need a deck type that works with it. Please help 




 Thanks dude! Helps a lot. Ill have to get some return to ravnica too. 




 Oh. So I probably should have gotten return to ravnica first. What guilds are in that? 




 Im pretty new to magic.  I've been playing for about 2 months. Today I decided to order a fat pack for gatecrash. Can anybody give me a better understanding of the set. I already know all the basics of magic and such I just want to know a bit more about gatecrash. I only know that it works with multi colored cards 




 YES
I made this post a month ago but no one remembered it. I used to love this game. 




 I'm not sure if i should watch them or not. Do they have any meaning or importance. Please respond!! 




 Pokemon Stadium. 99 Stocks. Only Item Pokeballs. That or the Earthbound Stage. 




 Orion would fit it better. 
























 Etna remains untouched
 




 I noticed that as well, It seem like I can never play on the maps that I like. I'm usually confined to the same maps. 




 I play/played Halo reach a lot, and it seems as if more people play reach than 4. Thank you though. Going to pop it in now. 




 I picked up the Limited edition Halo 4 on the release date and after a couple months stopped playing it completely. Is anyone really playing it anymore? If so, is the game balanced and/or glitchy. I want to get back into Halo 4, but I'm not too sure if It's worth it. 
I do believe Halo 4 was a good game, just did not keep the same vibe past Halos did. 




 Yes, certainly is. For some reason i relate to the video and brought me a sense of understanding through myself. 




 I know it doesn't exactly describe depression, but the video "scarfy" has been a favorite of mine for awhile 




 It makes me happy to hear that. Keep up the work. I'm proud of you.  




 I'm scared to feel happy. As if happiness will be my greatest downfall.  




 I hope that you can too get better. I wish the world wouldn't have to live in misery.  




 Not necessarily, I'm quite alone. I only have online friends and 2 friends in real life. 

 




 *background* Been depressed since I was very young. I suffer from isomnia, anxiety, social anxiety, and clinic depression. I've been extremely suicidal in the past 8 months. Tried to kill myself 3 times, but failed. Anxiety attacks are very common and I usually stress over every little thing. My paranoia makes me afraid to go outside anymore. 

For some reason I'm very afraid of healing. I feel as if it's a part of me and without it my other problems would overwhelm me. I've tried to got to counseling, but broke it off after 2 sessions. I never take medication because I'm scared of side affects.

I'm tired of feeling so down, but yet I do nothing to heal. I just end up laying in my dark room. I feel so pathetic. As if I don't deserve to get better. 

I just wanted to know, am I the only one that's afraid to heal? 




 Sound types maybe. A lot of pokemon could fit into it already.  




 GAMEstop
 




 New mega evolution confirmed! 




 Saying that is basically saying that all "enter metal genre here" are only creeps who are only angry and want to scream about violence. That's an assumption people make right? Its obviously not true.
You make assumptions that all music from that genre is emo bullshit, but yet you're judging it by mainstream bands.
It like calling all thrash metal satanic bullshit because slayer sung about this once, or all death metal is about murder because cannibal corpse sung about this (I know bad example).

I'm sorry but it angers me when people classify a whole genre by a mainstream band. 
Btw I'm not making those assumptions, just examples from what I've heard before. 




 Kakuna and metapod doe 




 Done. I liked the survey and glad to help. 




 Wallace wells 




 Mind explaining what's going on my friend? 




 It took me a second to realize that 




 its 3: 29 AM
I look out my window at the hot crowded street above
I notice i feel cold and alone
used up like an old bottle
no deposit, no return
people live and die in these apartment compartments
no deposit, no return
dust falls silently
why cant i?
no deposit, no return

I just wanted to share this. I did not write this. 




 Thank you. Will that affect my current gen. Consol and cabel? 




 No battle toads.  




 How do I do the aspect ratio thing? (I sound really stupid, I just don't have much knowledge on televisions) 




 Like, it being blurry doesn't bother me as much as the cut-off borders. 




 I'm sorry if this does not belong here, but recently i set up my old gamecube on my 42'' Vizio, and the picture is very blurry. Not only is it blurry, the borders are messed up. Ex. The damage meter(or whatever it is called) on Super Smash brothers. It Is out of the picture. This makes it sorta difficult to play certain games. How do you fix this?
Sorry if this doesn't belong here. If needed direct me where to go for help. 




 Hahaha 




 I too have sung Death's praise
Life is the only thing worth living for
Life is simply as it states.
I know it has its ups and downs and, trust me I still have my problems but it eventually eases up. Find something that simply calms you and helps you enjoy life. (Ex. Music is what i vented through) The belief of no point us the death's praise. Do not sing that song. Just think about it. Think about what hasn't been done and, what will create a reason for life. Hopefully we all can find our meaning in this sadistic world eh? 
























 I seriously thought it said Barbies. 




 Say it ain't so!  




 I would love to have one. I am a cheap little lame-o. 




 Playing the glitchy ass campaign. I just wanted to know if there was a way around this. 




 So i finished Halo C.E. on heroic past week and it did not unlock the nameplates, avatar, or anything else really. Anyone else having this issue and/or know how to solve it?

Sorry if this is the wrong place to post this. 




 During the Halo C.E. Campaign there are Random explosions and parts of the missions do not load. Sometimes you randomly die when no enemies are present at all. Kinda annoying.  




 Which actually upsets me, since the movie seems like a completely different story; misguiding new fans that developed primarily from the film  




 I just realized that lisa was not even in the movie, even though she was somewhat of an important character in the G. Novels. 




 It's a shame that they almost broke up. Lost two members. Good news though, cams still in the band. Can't wait for their next release. My favorite band at the moment. 




 That user name tho 




 Waking up each day is one of my worst fears. I'm completely disappointed whenever i open my eyes each morning. I want to die, but i'm too much of a little bitch to kill myself. I'm only alive because i don't want to disappoint the people that i know. Every time i try to kill myself i fail. I always feel like i'm a failure. I can't even take my own life, and i know it's pointless to try anymore. Hurting myself is only a way to feel something other than this depression. Starving, cutting, and depriving myself of sleep are the only ways i can hurt myself. I am scared to sleep, due to the fact that i constantly have nightmares about my life. 

I can help but just fell worthless/useless, like i have no reason to stay here. I don't even understand why i'm here. I have no motivation towards life or any activities that use to bring me joy in the past. The joys i felt within these activities were so artificial that it just sickens me to try to participate in any of them. I just don't understand why i am even alive. Everyday is a struggle to try and not end up dead. If i could die without disappointing everyone around me i'd be able to die peacefully. I deserve to die a very painful death. The hatred that i have for myself is sometime unbearable. I just want to slam my head against a wall until i can no longer think, or just jump out into busy traffic. Just something that will be painful. It sounds weird i guess, but a painful death is what i feel I deserve. I have basically no hope in my future and believe that i am heading nowhere in my life. 

My life is a disgrace and i can never change. I make up all sort of excuses or outcomes to everything so i can just stay home and waste away. I do not want to be put on any medication because if i do achieve happiness, i do not want it to be artificial from a pill. I've lived most my life around people doing drugs (Brother addicted to pills and many deaths within close friends). I know it's probably my best route but i just cant live with myself that way. But that's suggesting that living like this is any better. I have been getting out a bit more which is a little nice, but i just feel so fake. I want to express this to the people around me, i guess for help. Even with all the things i said in this post, i want to live a happy life. A life where i can say that i atleast feel okay, respect myself, and overall don't shut out the people i love and my friends. i fell as uif i'm losing myself and them. i'm just drifting away, and i cant find a way back. I'm just so paranoid of everything and everyone. This is the first time i've let this out in about 3 months. I just let it build up in myself until i can't take it.

I know that this is just a huge mess of a post, but i just needed to let it out. There is stuff i most likely missed but i'm just overwhelmed by everything. I'm sorry for my bitching and everything. i just can't explain it well. I hope that i do not wake up tomorrow morning. That way i can be happy, and it would be better that way.  




 Yea, I heard great things about them. I just don't have time to check them out. Do they have a similar sound as sorority noise?  




 They are probably my favorite band at the moment. I was browsing bandcamp, found them, and fell in love with their sound. I can't wait for their next album. Cam is an amazing musician. I believe he is also in old gray (I think that's what it is called) and need to check that out. 




 I love sorority noise to death. They are so amazing. If you haven't checked out their album "Forgettable", definitely do so. 




 Faceless Fear

Broken Promises

Without you

Creations

Faded

We Remember 

I don't know, I just though of these. Maybe one may appeal to you. 




 Oh, well I guess I wasn't paying attention when they said that. Sorry 




 I wanted to know if anyone would be interested doing a big team battle, CTF, etc.. custom games. Just on the normal maps with normal game modes. Maybe get a whole lobby of people. Possibly even play different custom game modes. I haven't played in a while and just want to play custom games. 




 Things to do/ lets play in GTA 5

-Washing Machine

Everyone gets into the back of the moving truck (the truck that the achievement hunter crew is inside during carducken) and close the back, someone takes it as high as possible with a cargobob, then they drop it above an ocean and watch them roll around inside of it. Most like they will die inside so it can be last alive. I know its very similar to carducken, but I still think it may be good enough for a separate thing

Not to sure if idea has been pitched already but I thought it would he fun. Most likely not enough for a lets play but still possible if tweaked somehow. 









 I love it 




 Those are great 




 Nice sound 




 Sick man, dude I wanna see the video.  Update me man. 




 I know no good spots in Pittsburgh. I basically just try to find some nice lots in etna and millvale. Its kinda horrible since mr smalls was shut down. 




 Not a huge fan of the vocals.  




 BEARS 




 Thank you very much for clarifying that for me. Have a good day! 




 Wait, can you use that ability with tokens?  
























 You tucked me in, stopped my tossing and turning. 









 Thanks. Descendents are rad. I love them 




 Thank you, I appreciate the compliment. 




 Thank You! 




 I may not have the highest self esteem, but i do like showing people what i look like behind my account. These are from that past month. I try to smile in my picture, and as you can see im a huge music guy. Don't mind my shitty face and smile. 
http://imgur.com/a/eYn1j 




 Just be true to yourself. I suffer from multiple anxiety disorders and extreme depression so i know for a fact drugs would fuck me up. 




 Im 16 but i am straight edge. It may he stereotypical for someone my age to be, but i never saw the point in doing shit. I much rather keep myself clean and not end up like my brother and all the people i saw get destroyed from drugs and alcohol. I dont know man its just not for me. All my friends do stuff and its kinda lame, but hey its my life.  




 Congrats, Im happy to hear that. I hope everything goes well! 




 Sorry for just replying to all of you're original comments. I did not know how to go about this. Im awfully sorry for the inconvenience. 




 I thought i should update everyone on here.

We are back together. Not necessarily a relationship but more than friends. She does not like saying its a relationship since she feels like it complicates things. She feels as if that makes it more of a responsibility than two people being together, and that stuff like spending time together and such is more forced than a choice. I agree with her (we are basically in a relationship though). I am taking her out Valentine's day snd we've been happy being back together.

I am still struggling with my depression but trying to hide it more and more. Its difficult but i much rather not explain how i feel to anyone. I may stop seeing my therapist and try to focus on work and school more. I believe that if i just distract myself i can forget about it for a little. I've just been struggling trying to gain motivation, trying to raise my self esteem, fight my anxiety, and keep myself alive. Ive been sleeping and eating less and less but i think ill be okay. I just need to pick myself back up before i let myself slip any farther. 

I thank all of you for replying to my post and offering help. Your words have helped me and gave me the insight that i needed to get through this. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart. I wish all of you the best.

If anyone ever wants to talk just inbox me. Thank you all. Goodnight and have a wonderful morning! (its 10:33pm where i live. Ill probably be up for a while die to insomnia and my dumb over thinking paranoid mind) 




 I thought i should update everyone on here.

We are back together. Not necessarily a relationship but more than friends. She does not like saying its a relationship since she feels like it complicates things. She feels as if that makes it more of a responsibility than two people being together, and that stuff like spending time together and such is more forced than a choice. I agree with her (we are basically in a relationship though). I am taking her out Valentine's day snd we've been happy being back together.

I am still struggling with my depression but trying to hide it more and more. Its difficult but i much rather not explain how i feel to anyone. I may stop seeing my therapist and try to focus on work and school more. I believe that if i just distract myself i can forget about it for a little. I've just been struggling trying to gain motivation, trying to raise my self esteem, fight my anxiety, and keep myself alive. Ive been sleeping and eating less and less but i think ill be okay. I just need to pick myself back up before i let myself slip any farther. 

I thank all of you for replying to my post and offering help. Your words have helped me and gave me the insight that i needed to get through this. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart. I wish all of you the best.

If anyone ever wants to talk just inbox me. Thank you all. Goodnight and have a wonderful morning! (its 10:33pm where i live. Ill probably be up for a while die to insomnia and my dumb over thinking paranoid mind) 




 I thought i should update everyone on here.

We are back together. Not necessarily a relationship but more than friends. She does not like saying its a relationship since she feels like it complicates things. She feels as if that makes it more of a responsibility than two people being together, and that stuff like spending time together and such is more forced than a choice. I agree with her (we are basically in a relationship though). I am taking her out Valentine's day snd we've been happy being back together.

I am still struggling with my depression but trying to hide it more and more. Its difficult but i much rather not explain how i feel to anyone. I may stop seeing my therapist and try to focus on work and school more. I believe that if i just distract myself i can forget about it for a little. I've just been struggling trying to gain motivation, trying to raise my self esteem, fight my anxiety, and keep myself alive. Ive been sleeping and eating less and less but i think ill be okay. I just need to pick myself back up before i let myself slip any farther. 

I thank all of you for replying to my post and offering help. Your words have helped me and gave me the insight that i needed to get through this. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart. I wish all of you the best.

If anyone ever wants to talk just inbox me. Thank you all. Goodnight and have a wonderful morning! (its 10:33pm where i live. Ill probably be up for a while die to insomnia and my dumb over thinking paranoid mind) 




 I thought i should update everyone on here.

We are back together. Not necessarily a relationship but more than friends. She does not like saying its a relationship since she feels like it complicates things. She feels as if that makes it more of a responsibility than two people being together, and that stuff like spending time together and such is more forced than a choice. I agree with her (we are basically in a relationship though). I am taking her out Valentine's day snd we've been happy being back together.

I am still struggling with my depression but trying to hide it more and more. Its difficult but i much rather not explain how i feel to anyone. I may stop seeing my therapist and try to focus on work and school more. I believe that if i just distract myself i can forget about it for a little. I've just been struggling trying to gain motivation, trying to raise my self esteem, fight my anxiety, and keep myself alive. Ive been sleeping and eating less and less but i think ill be okay. I just need to pick myself back up before i let myself slip any farther. 

I thank all of you for replying to my post and offering help. Your words have helped me and gave me the insight that i needed to get through this. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart. I wish all of you the best.

If anyone ever wants to talk just inbox me. Thank you all. Goodnight and have a wonderful morning! (its 10:33pm where i live. Ill probably be up for a while die to insomnia and my dumb over thinking paranoid mind) 




 I know exactly how you feel when it comes to this. There is so much pressure to get good grades. If i get a low grade i feel dumb and worthless. I hate that i have to constantly stress myself out to get an A on all my tests. I fear for the future and what might happen if my grades start to slip. 




 The concert was at Cattivo in pittsburgh. You may be thinking of anothet one. It's still an amazing line up though. Rozwell kid slayed. They were so much fun. Plus like The world is played an amazing set! 




 We can all hold on if we try hard enough. Its hard to think poorly of her especially when she does not present any hate towards me.  




 Thank you for your reply. Your words do help. I understand what you are saying. I just hope we can fet baco together after she gets her GED. I miss her so much and im just trying to get through the day without thinking about her all day. 




 Rozwell Kid slays! They are so much fun and TWIABP just plays such an amazing show. Jnasty from posture and the grizzly is a rad dude. 




 Thank you. You seem like a very strong person if you were able to make it past this. I hope things look up for you too my friend.  




 It's just so hard imagining that i will never be able to kiss her, hold her, or any of that stuff again. I hope that she will come back. I'll admit i cried while she held me and I couldn't control myself from ranting to her. She basically said that she needs to just do some stuff first, but it's so hard trying not to miss her and think she won't come back.  




 She's just the girl of my dreams and is so extremely important to me. I've been dealing with depression for most my life. It's so hard to wake up in the morning. I just have such an overwhelming sense of dread. I just can't stop crying. It hurts so much. I'm a fucking mess right now. Thank you so much for your words. I means a lot.  




 I am so damn depressed, and recently my best friend became my girlfriend. After a month of dating she broke up with me because she needed to work on things like getting her G.E.D and stuff. My only issue is that I Still Fucking Love Her and this overwhelming sense of dread is killing me. I miss her so much. I have been so damn depressed the past couple years. I'm struggling so badly with trying to not cut myself or kill myself. It's so hard to not try to do these things. I feel like i deserve it. I hate this. I miss her. I miss us. I wish i wasn't so depressed. I'm sorry for this mess of a post. I don't want to wake up in the morning.  




 The world is a beautiful place, the hotelier, posture and the grizzly, Rozwell Kid, and brightside in PA. Cant remember venue name. 




 1. Tatsuhiro Sat from Welcome to the N.H.K
2. TK from angel beats!
3. saito hiraga from the familiar of zero. 




 Sorority noise - Forgettable 




 Same. I think it may be better in like a day or so i hope. 




 I have actually been having the same issue. I havent seen any update or way of fixing it.  
























