 Okay, I've never really used Reddit before, but I saw this subreddit where people upload unusually creepy stories for help/advice. And that's just what I need right now. I guess I should start off with some background information, so my situation can be remedied most effectively. My name is Summer, and for the purpose of slight anonymity Ill leave it at that. I just turned eighteen, and I moved to a small city in Utah a couple of weeks ago to start attending summer classes at a local college. Before I go any further, you should know that up until now, I lived in Florida. I lived there my entire life, so moving out to such a new place entirely was difficult. I dont know very many people here. Sorry about the tangent, I just wanted to give enough information to make the rest of my story make more sense.

Okay, so like I said, I moved here a couple of weeks ago. My Mom and I drove all the way from Florida to get here, and we were on the road for a little over a week. She helped me set up all the stuff in my dorm and stayed a couple of days before heading back out. It was definitely emotional, being an only child my Mom and I have always been incredibly close. After she left I had a couple of days to get acquainted with the campus. I met four other girls staying in my dorm who are all super nice. The way our dorm is set up is similar to an apartment- Theres one big room that we all share that has a kitchen and living room, and then this long hallway that branches off to three other rooms- Two double and one single. I was lucky enough to land a single dorm room, and being a bit of an introvert this has proven to be very beneficial. I can go to bed and wake up whenever I like, and not worry about sharing a small space with someone else. After that, classes started right up. Being summer semester, there werent as many people in the classes, which was nice. Most of my courses only had five to ten other students, so I really got to know my professors. I made a couple of friends, if you could call them that, and things were going fine. Up until a few days ago.

 So the way summer classes work at my college is kind of weird. Most of the general ed courses, like the ones Im taking, started during mid-June. Others that deal with majors, however, started in July. So at the beginning of last week, I started seeing some new people file in. No one especially notable. Anyway. A few days ago, I head to my Biology class as usual, and see a few new people that had recently joined for major programs. As soon as I walk in, a new boy comes running over and gives me this massive bear hug. And as hes hugging me, he says, Oh my God, Sunny! How have you been? Now, this was odd for a number of reasons. First of all, I had never seen this guy before in my life. Hes this tall, sandy-blonde haired fellow with trim muscles and a killer smile. A good-looking guy, someone I wouldnt easily forget. Second of all, as stated earlier, my name is Summer, not Sunny. Now, Im sure a lot of you are thinking what I originally thought- Maybe he saw me and thought I was someone else. But what was eerily disturbing about the scenario is that my father used to call me Sunny. He called me Summer Sunshine, and told me that my Sunny smile always brightened his day. It was sweet, a nickname I had always cherished. But my father passed away in an unresolved accident when I was nine, and now just hearing the name Sunny sends shivers up my spine. So, Im sure you can imagine my surprise when this stranger runs up to hug me calling me a name I hadnt heard in nearly a decade. As soon as he breaks loose, I say something along the lines of, Hey, um, my name is actually Summer. I dont know a Sunny. You may have me confused with someone else. He stares at me intently, scanning my features, and then says, Haha, very funny, Sunny. Hey, weve all missed you since the trip! You should totally come to the next one, if youre free. It was a total blast last time! He turns to walk to a desk, and I stand there, completely dumbfounded. 

After the class ends, I rush out to avoid any confrontation with that weird guy. And then, things get weirder. As I walk down the halls towards my dorm room, all these people I have never seen before start waving at me and saying things as they walk by. A redheaded girl Ive never seen says Hey, Sunny! Great to see you! as she opens a classroom door. A couple of jock guys said something along the lines of,  Sunny, remember- Dont touch the poison oak! and burst out in laughter as they turn a corner. Each time it happened, I got more and more unsettled. By the time I finally got back to my dorm, I was on the verge of a major freakout. I rushed into my friends room- Lets call her Abigail- And told her everything that happened. I asked if she was certain that she hadnt seen anyone that looked even remotely similar to me. She assured me she hadnt, but recommended we search for girls named Sunny on campus. So we pulled up the school directory. Nothing comes up for Sunny. We search Sunshine, Allison, Allie, or anything that could be related to Sunny. Still, nothing. Abigail suggested that we look through the school ID page on the online database to find photos of girls who may look like me. Nothing. No one even closely resembled me. By the time we had looked at every photo in the database, she was beginning to feel my frustration. We figured our search irrelevant and called it a day. 

Then, this morning. I wake up, and to my surprise, theres a new iMessage on my phone from an unsaved number. Here is the exact message, copied and pasted from my messenger. Good morning, Sunny. Its Ez. Wow. I cant even begin to explain how AMAZING last night was. Youre just Wow. Im honestly speechless. I cant wait to see you again. Um, text me when you get up? Cant wait to hear from you. I hope you can understand how much this freaked me out. So many things were running through my head, and all I could think is I need to tell someone. So I leave my dorm to find Abigail, and shes sitting at the kitchen table on her laptop, and she says Hey Summer, I didnt know you went on the Anthropology majors camping trip! I kind of stood there, confused for a minute. She flips her screen around, and sure enough, a girl who looks EXACTLY like me is sitting on a log surrounded by other students in a forest, grinning ear to ear. Shes wearing this weird tank top with a batik print and holding a journal. I tried my best to stay calm and explain to her that I had never seen that photo before and had never even been camping. She looked confused and pointed to the caption at the bottom, where the students names are all posted. Sure enough, in between ELIZA HENSON and MCALL PARK is SUMMER, followed by my last name. I couldnt believe it. I walked back into my dorm, and as I went to lay back down in bed, I noticed a picture frame on my bedside table that wasnt there before. And I swear to God, its the same photo Abigail had just shown me. Thirteen college students sitting on logs in the forest, smiling, wearing outdoorsy outfits. The only difference in this photo is that the girl smiling ear to ear and holding the journal has no face. Its scribbled out harshly in thick Sharpie. 
Guys, Im freaking out. I have no clue who this girl is. According to the college, she doesnt exist. And yet, there are photos of her, and people know her, but she doesnt exist. I think she may be stalking me, and Im terrified. I dont know how she got that photograph into my dorm room, and it freaks me out to think why she would have scribbled out my face. And how "Ez" got my phone number? I have no idea what to do. I have all these thoughts running through my head and I need to get a hold of things. This is all so unfamiliar and I just want to go back home. PLEASE HELP 
























 To read what happened before now, go here. (https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/3cw6dx/i_think_someone_is_stalking_me_please_help/)

Thank you to those who commented some suggestions last night when I posted my dilemma. I wasnt familiar with memory gaps, but I can assure you I have no mental health discrepancies and something like this has never happened before. I just figured I should keep whoevers reading this updated. Things have gotten worse.

I barely got any sleep last night. It took me a while to type out what was happening, and the entire time I couldnt shake the feeling that I was being watched. I closed my drapes and closet doors so that there were no peepholes into my bedroom, but I couldnt lose that eerie feeling that seemed to hang over me, weighing me down. Early this morning, I decided the best thing to do would be to talk to campus security. Like a couple of you had suggested, I figured that occurrences like this had to be somewhat common, or at least not completely foreign. 

I walked down to the station with the photograph in hand. I tried my best to explain to the police officer what had happened, but he regarded my situation with little interest. He speculated that I may have gotten too drunk to remember this Ez guy, and that one of my roommates had put the photo in my room. As Im sure you could imagine, his answers were far from settling. I insisted that he look at the hallway camera videos from the past couple of days to see if anyone had snuck in to plant the photograph. Begrudgingly, he did. We watched a time-lapse video of everything that went on in my hallway and outside my dorm room from the last 48 hours, and to my demise, nothing seemed especially odd. I saw my roommates come in and out, sometimes bringing food or friends with them. The only thing that miffed me was my own patterns. According to the video, on the evening of July 9th (two days ago), I didnt come back to my dorm until 4:30 AM. I know I went to a party that night, but I dont remember staying out that late. I guess I hadnt really kept track of the time. It tends to fly when youre having a good time.

After finishing the video, Campus Patrol guy was even less interested in my claims. He shooed me away and told me to come back if anything else happened, but not to worry about it right now. Quite obviously, this didnt solve anything. I kept asking what else I could do, or who else I could talk to, and he finally suggested that I talk to Mr. Stoltz, the head of the Anthropology department, about the camping trip I had heard so much about.
Luckily, Stoltz was still on campus for the weekend to help students with coursework. I rushed to his office to see what information he could provide. As soon as he saw me, he said Oh, Sunny! What a pleasure to see you! After the trip, I was starting to worry you would never come and visit me. How have you been? Hearing Sunny freaked me out no less than it had when others had said it. I calmly tried to explain what was happening, and I showed him the photograph with the scribbled-out face. He kept giving me these puzzled expressions, and opened up his laptop to show me more photos from the trip. Sure enough, there she was. Gripping a hulking backpack. Setting up a tent with other students. Throwing a fishing line into a lake. I assured him it wasnt me, it couldnt be me, there was no way I was a part of that trip. As I talked, I could hear myself starting to sound more and more crazed. After my ranting, he stood up and put a hand on my shoulder. He said something like, Summer, Im not really sure whats going on, but I think it may be good if you went back to your dorm and got some rest. Maybe then youll start to see things more clearly. I left feeling even worse.

I went back to my dorm room. I really didnt want to get my mom involved, worried I would scare her too much. But I figured she was one of my last options. Ive called her over and over, but it seems shes been busy. Im praying shell call me back soon. I want to go home. I want to go home so badly.

Ive been in my dorm all day, worried to go outside. Call me paranoid, but all of this is too much for me to take in. I know Im safe in here, and I know that no one else can get in without a key card. But guys, while I was typing this I got this email and Im freaking out. I think Im losing it. This is the message I just got.

sunny, i bet you thought i wouludnt find out. i bet you thought that dumbass wouldnt spill. but im not stupid and neithher are u. i kno what u did to heather nd ur nothng but a sckanky whore sunny so dont think ull get away u messed with a bad bitch sunny and dont think ull get out of this easy. dont bother watching for me im coming when you dont expect it. your gonna wished you never screwed me over sunnyy

It came from this jumbled-up email, and when I searched it on Google it said it no longer exists. Im so scared, and this Ez guy, hes been calling me all day, and Im too terrified to answer. He keeps sending these texts urging me to call him but I just cant. Im blocking his number. Im freaking out. I dont know what to do. Im terrified. Whoever this girl is, shes done something really wrong, and I dont know how to convince people that she isnt me. Im terrified. Please help me, please help me please help me please 
























 I will, things have gotten worse. I just posted a second entry. 
























 I think you linked the wrong entry. The first entry is at this url. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/3cw6dx/i_think_someone_is_stalking_me_please_help/ 
























 I made an entry last night about what happened yesterday. It's at this url:

https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/3czvnm/i_think_someone_is_stalking_me_please_help_part/ 
























 Thank you... And it's Summer. Please don't call me that.  
























