 True, wondering if they are saving the bigger maps for a BTB DLC playlist? 
 




 I played for 9 hours last night... Pitfall popped up the first match (didn't play)   never appeared again all night...  




 Halo 4 is now half off, but the map packs are still $25 for season pass... if they'd have a sale on DLC, maybe it'd spark some interest in MP?  




 CoolinAustin Tumblr hasn't been updated since mid May... 




 Traffic. They need to encourage public transit. If they had more taxis, perhaps the fight for uber wouldn't be so much of a no-brainer... multiple trains seems needed.

Also, multiple toll roads that are almost empty seems to be a waste. Seems like all the taxes from the hundreds of people moving here a day would pay for them...  

 




 He would go to downtown Memphis   sit at the counter of the black-only bars (which was illegal for whites to mingle)   would wait for the cops to show up   try to make him leave... 

These   other Memphis wrasslin stories are featured in 'Memphis Heat' documentary  




 the answer (me thinks) is for communities to offer Internet like a utility 

the same with cable TV  




 I'm a 11 year live member. Up until a year ago, I didnt' care either. Then I got bored. My friends are getting older (families   work)   don't play as much. I play tons of MP, but most games the achievements are in the campaign. 

I started playing the campaigns since they were collecting dust   started having fun again. I started racking up gamerscore from the achievements popping up. Then, I finished the campaigns. I started chasing the achievements, not for the points but the actual challenge. 

It's encouraging me to complete tasks   that's pretty fun...   




 
Edit: Found this:
Pt 1 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rT2S3UkieII
Pt 2 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxQ6qFj48Og 
 




 I've felt for a long time that Libraries should go ahead   put in coffee shops. They are like a hipster Netflix that's not utilized. You can get books, comic books, DVDs, CDs   etc through Libraries. Go ahead   throw in a post office Kiosk   you got a central hub for communities. 

Whenever I get rid of stuff, I just donate them to libraries. Hopefully some kid across the country will be able to check them out   appreciate them.  




 http://www.w3schools.com/

Online, but... 




 So, will these skulls be able for use in every game in MCC? 

Also, I noticed XBOX Store has preorder with no mention of Skulls (only $10 Card) 

EDIT: found out the preorder skulls only applies to H2
Other games have their own skulls... 




 if they do a Halo themed XB1, they HAVE to make that happen... 

Also, I know I will say 'Cortana' accidentally waaaay less than I do 'XBOX' during gaming... 




 I'll buy all the maps they want... throw in Firefight ODST   Reach too 




 Best ISP commercial 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ilMx7k7mso  




 But it's OK for them to pass out your check   ask for payment right at the climax of the movie... 

Seriously wish when you buy your ticket, you have a running tab   close it out after the movie. If not, a % tip is added for service. 

 




 Wow, I was just posting how I'll miss proximity voice on H2A...

I think it should, but on XBOX ONE there is no voice messaging. There's game chat   party chat... I figure if they can't include audio messages, then it'll be skipped... I hope I'm wrong.

  




 I would love to play Halo 4, but the DLC maps I paid for never ever ever appear.

I usually play Halo 4 mostly, but the multiplayer has become stagnant. 

I've been playing Halo 3, Reach,   Anniversary campaign since E3 to get my fix... 




 I pre-bought the Halo 4 DLC maps

I never get to play them

I ALREADY am discouraged from buying future DLC maps 




 well no shit...


Seriously, it's treasonous to sell out the US for your or your parties own personal interests.  




 Over the past year, I have made it a point to use Bing every day. They have 'points' you can trade in for a chance to win rewards... I'm at work   can't install Chrome, so it was worth a try. 

I got to say, BING is better than I thought it was. Some things, it's on par with Google, but some things it's actually better. 

I'm not going to say BING is better than Google but it's a closer race than most anyone gives credit. 

Maybe it's because Google isn't nearly as good as it used to be. They have filters now. Google just doesn't seem to return the same amount of results... 
 




 Nope, had a generic HD from Amazon for $30 (VS $130) since slim's launch... 




 Artist:

Pawel Kuczynski  




 for those keeping score:

http://majornelson.com/2013/04/08/halo-4-castle-map-pack/

A year ago, they lowered the prices for a sale. It'd be nice if they did something permanently this Summer...

http://halo.wikia.com/wiki/Map_Packs

here is a history of the map packs and their prices. Halo 4 map packs are the EXACT same price today as they were brand new ($10). 

Halo 4 now sells for $30, which is 50% off the original price. 

MSFT   343 has a group of dedicated fans who wants to play their product. Despite all it's shortcomings, seems people are practically begging to be able to play   enjoy it... 

When Halo 5 comes out, what incentive do we have to buy the DLC maps? I'm sure I will, but I'll have reservations about doing so. For a game like Halo, it should be a no brainer. 
 




 compared with other Halo releases, Halo had the lowest amount of maps available at launch. DLC maps would help remedy that. 

If they want to stimulate people into buying Halo 5   it's DLC (  Anniversary edition if true), this'd be a good way. If they'd make them free, it'd definitely be goodwill. 

I know a lot of people who never played Halo 4 after the Title Update. This would be great to bring some of them back.  

 




 Outside of the Map Pack Playlist (which don't exist anymore):

Do any of you ever get to play the DLC maps in rotation? 

I know if you go in with a party who ALL have the maps, then they appear more frequently. What about those who paid for the maps   don't have friends who play Halo 4?

Even when the game was recently released, I never saw the DLC maps other than in the DLC playlist. 

Right now, you can DL Halo 4 from xbox store for $30. You can DL map packs for $25. Since Halo 5 is on the horizon, you think the maps should be lowered in price? 

If so: think 343 could require DLC maps for certain playlist? 

Compared to other Halo releases, Halo 4 had the smallest amount of maps available at launch. Sure, they've got some forge maps, but it'd be great to be able to play the maps we paid for. It'd be great to have some variety.  




 Chief is gonna work with Dr Halsey cause she's the only one that can save Cortana. Plus, she's onto something bigger than the UNSC...I've said too much.  




 if they could get all the multiplayer maps for all these games playable in one playlist...  




 Do you like Titanfall? 
Do you want to play more Titanfall maps? 
Do you think you will get all the maps? 
Can you afford $25? 

If you answered YES to all the above questions then you should buy the season pass. 

Usually, studios save the best maps for purchase. This is the cheapest season pass for any game I've seen, seems like a bargain.  




 Right you are Ken 




 Being able to pull audio / video files on my XBOX One from my PC / Network... Windows Media Center.  




 our prohibition of marijuana has created the violent criminal subculture of Mexico. much like how our prohibition of alcohol created gangs in Canada. 

also, think about how much US dollars have crossed the border because of drug laws...it's drained our economy. 

now, think of all the weapons the CIA has planted (sold) to all the countries south of the US   those implications.  




 Haven't picked up the book yet but:
isn't Spider-Man's ID public knowledge after he gave a press conference at the end of Civil War? 

 




 I'm gonna wait until the price drops   bugs fixed.

What Spider-Man games would you recommend?

I played Web of Shadows (really liked)
I started Shattered Dimensions last week (frustrating webslinging...)
 




 I went to his gallery in ATX yesterday. great.

liked that Gambit   Rogue were facing each other
liked that Deadpool is breaking the 4th wall 
the Sue Richards portrait was the best... 




 every other episode of Looney Toons has a reference I pick up now...  




 i like Titanfall but one of my gripes about the game is that what is on my screen isn't necessarily on my deathscreen. 

Example: I'll be on a roof, barely sticking my head over the top to get a shot, I'll be shot,   in my deathscreen I'll be standing fully exposed deserving attention... 

Glad I wasn't imagining it...  




 MSFT is phasing out Media Center. If you notice, the latest 360 versions   Win 8 WMC have less features than before. on the 360, you can't find it in recent items   can't pin it...

MSFT is pushing their Video/Music store product. Also, with their partnerships with studios, they have to show they are trying to combat piracy. 

MSFT will get creamed by SONY partially b/c of this. there's no way to pull media files on the XB1 from network/PC. they want you to go through their apps first.  




 I haven't tried this but:

You tried opening IE   going to the browser version of spotify?
https://play.spotify.com/

I know pandora works through IE...
 




 i already use my android as a remote (smartglass)
using my youtube app on phone along with it works great  




 if AC/DC doesn't play halftime at at the SuperBowl at least once...  




 About ready for Parks   Rec to wrap it up. Beginning to feel like The Office after Carell left. 

I watched every episode of The Office week to week but kept asking myself why. It's time could be watching something else. It already felt stretched out at the end before he left. 

Parks   Rec (like most shows) is doing over 20 episodes a year. Used to, 13 was a normal season for a sitcom. Think how England usually does 6-8   they hardly ever do more than 2-3 seasons. Normally, they take more than a year between to create content. Just seems like they stretch shows out. 

Glad Community is back. Last season, I felt like I was over it, but this season is great. Still, thinking it may have another season before they should walk away.  

Go On was great, but haven't liked much else on NBC. Kind of feel like the sitcom it worn out. CBS gets great numbers, buth they're terrible. It's like the Leno of sitcoms. It's just as 'edgy' as the same sitcoms I watched in the 70's. I think CBS only puts up great numbers because their demographic is old people. They all agree CBS is safe enough to watch. CBS is on every TV in every retirement home, every hospital lobby,   they probably fell asleep after wheel of fortune...

Was surprised how good the IT Crowd was yet not much recognition. Of course, they tried to redo it in USA. The pilot was EXACTLY the same. Why not just put up the original? Besides simply being great, community is great because it's not so formulaic. You know, the same thing network execs don't encourage while looking at the numbers. 

Nothing created will be great without risk. With large data, companies are taking less   less risk in every market. Everything is so calculated. Poor Heat Vision   Jack, you never had a chance...

 




 why is she not Wonder Woman? 




 Before the XBOX 360 launch, the AVG price of a game was $50.
Then they raised it to $60 saying they needed to because of increase of console life (was AVG 3 years, 360 = 8 years). Fine.
Then a couple years later, the Entertainment Software Assoc said the price of games could come back down to $50. Nope, didn't happen. The market determined that buyers were willing to pay $60. 

Disc-less, on demand games surely would be cheaper. No packaging, no shipping, no storage,   no middle men. Who cares about retail   Gamestop? Who buys games from mom   pops?

If I could pay $40 (or less) on midnight of launch   DL immediately, I could live without something physical. It's not like there was art in the case. It's not like the argument for Vinyl when .mp3s were taking over CDs. 

Surely, the developers / publishers like this model seeing how there's no way I can lend, trade, or sell it off. 

MSFT can come up with a model where direct games on demand sold at a lower price, they can still get equal or better profits... Just seems to reason that lower price equals more units sold.  
























 we've got Trader Joes... It could happen 
(they were started by brothers)  




 We're the capitol of the state. A city that prides itself of arts   culture (compared to the rest of the state). It's a shame we don't have museums   a good aquarium. Even if it's a niche museum (we're getting a toy museum. maybe get a video game museum?).  




 I miss Moe's burritos. Wish we had couple more Jet's Pizza on North side. 
Better Italian / Chinese / Soul food selection. 
Public Transportation options (no toll roads   a rail system)
More sports options 
museums/aquarium (sad we don't. Toy museum is step in right direction) 

 




 Do you have a smartphone? if so, not really... the XBOX One Smartglass app does it for me. Mixed with the Kinect, I never grab a controller unless I'm gaming.  




 I miss plain ole Doritos (yellow bag)

Also, in the early 80's my family had a grocery store. I started noticing red   blue flakes on my Nacho cheese Doritos. I asked my Frito Lay rep   he didn't know. Then a couple months later, he brought in a new Dorito with the red   blue flakes (Cool Ranch Doritos)... They were putting the Cool Ranch flavor to get people used to the flavor.  




 Centro-Matic

Can't believe more people don't know this band. Boggles me they aren't at least 'known' by the general public. I bartend   put on their albums   everyone agrees it's good yet no one has ever heard of them. 

Other band like that: Marah, Jason Molina, Blue Mountain, Grifters... 




 I almost never ask anyone for help unless I physically can't do it myself (just don't want to bug people) yet people who don't hesitate to ask everyone around them to do things irk's me... 

That,   when someone gets into your business before they ask the favor... 
Example: what are you doing tomorrow? Nothing, well then you can do ____. Just ask the favor, give me an opportunity to at least lie   get out of it... 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StJS51d1Fzg

I heard some whack lady in Alaska is calling for Impeachment... 




 http://www.newrepublic.com/article/115283/onions-film-criticism-better-its-news-satire

the Onion's film critiques have been killing it... 




 I have several videos of this. I would run through the area to the truck   backtrack   it'd be chaos... 




 Banshees that overheat if they do too many acrobatics... 

About time for a halo boat level... 

 




 Traffic is terrible. Quite possibly the worst complaint about the city. There's over a hundred people moving here a day. I'm sure there's other tax revenues that can pay for roads.

Toll roads are barely used. I won't use them, it's a luxury tax. I'm not convinced the $.25/mile (whatever the rate) they're receiving is more than the cost of people's lives being wasted in gridlock. 

How much does the TxTag system cost to operate vs it's revenue? In 2012, MnPass (Minnesota's version) cost $2.4 million to operate and only earned $3 million in revenue. 

If they'd just let us all use all the roads, it'll pay off in the long run. 

Bring in the rail system, quit fighting public transit options,   share the roads...  




 I played up until Chapter 7 last night. Really good, much better than the first Portal. Great voice work, great writing.  




 Reminder: Map packs are half off this week too... 




 also: Halo 4 is $15 today   tomorrow... 









 GT: mobber

EDIT: I'll be on in the evenings this week

I never got around to playing Co-op... if I remember right, there's achievements for playing with different players on your friends list.   




 I saw a Titan jump from their bubble this weekend, like a full titans height over the bubble... my teammates thought I was crazy 




 I re-downloaded the map packs after having problems   it got all the achievements... 




 This sale starts tomorrow (7/8) 




 According to Mjr Nelson

- http://majornelson.com/2014/07/07/this-weeks-deals-with-gold-xbox-360-ultimate-games-sale/

Halo 4 DLC is going on sale tomorrow, right now it's $25.

Hopefully this'll spark some interest in H4 until this fall... The last DLC playlist was fun (4v4) but hopefully a BTB DLC playlist will happen (tired of playing same maps). 

Also wish this price drop was permanent, seeing how H4 is 50% off.  




 Xbox 360's don't support .MKV

If on a PC, you can download codecs that allow Windows Media Center to play .MKV files. If you push/pull files from that PC, that is the only way that I know of to get a 360 to play them... 




 after Halo 2 we were at peace with the Arbiters people (Elites, Sangheili) due to their civil war...

When Halo 4 came around, the peace was over.

Who's side is the Arbiter on now?  




 Since the update, it seems half the matches end up uneven whereas they used to rarely do... 

The only good news is that if you're up against one person, whoever kills the one pilot after the epilogue gets the achievement for killing the whole team after... 




 for a mom   pop ISP startup, it's a start... 




 now, will smith pays millions to worship aliens... 




 only villains put their drinks on the table...  




 

http://mygrande.com/austin/1-gig-fiber-internet/ 




 Mine got to where it was doing it every 2-3 days... same, had to unplug /plug to fix...

then I did a full shutdown, been a week   hasn't happened (yet)

http://www.ign.com/wikis/xbox-one/How_to_do_a_Hard_Restart_on_Xbox_One 




 I remember buying the first CDs for around $8-10... then I remember buying CDs at around $18-22   thinking 'maybe I could just download them?'

the music industry was gouging their product. the business crowd was making more money than the artists. the middlemen were taking advantage of their customers. the market spoke. 

Same here, the market will say 'screw EA'   they'll suffer until they die or change... 




 One of the main reasons the Dreamcast didn't make it:
It was too easy to download   burn illegal games

Say you were EA   you got Madden coming out. You can make it for XBOX, PS2 but Dreamcast? You'll sell one copy, they'll put the Disc Image online,   suddenly the kids realize they can just quit buying XBOX/PS2 games   play for free on the Dreamcast. 

They started having developers / publishers quit making cross platform games... 




 DISH Network users need not apply 




 DISH Network customers need not apply...  




 then make it illegal for cops to confiscate your phone or threaten to put your phone away... 




 I was thinking Michael Stipe with hair... 




 Usually play campaign... so probably there.  




 How is XBOX (MSFT) allowing this app?

They phased out their own Windows Media Center (WMC) app because they are trying to encourage people away from physical media (audio/video) files. There is no way to pull media files from your PC/Network from the XBOX ONE. You can only push (Play to). Not much of an entertainment center (especially when the previous 360 could).

MSFT is trying to sell MUSIC/VIDEO digital rights   has partnered with major studios to do this. Also, they are trying to appease these studios that MSFT is actively fighting piracy is these tactics... 

Just don't understand why MSFT would allow this app when they have bent over backwards to make sure their own product can't pull files from their own Win 8 machines? 

On XBOX 360   Win 8, they nerfed their WMC. On 360, you couldn't view WMC as recent apps. You couldn't pin it to home. The only decent way to pull files was to hit the Guide, go to video, select from PC...

Cool to hear otherwise, much more of a XBMC fan myself. Have gotten away from files as well (why, when you can stream most everything?)

EDIT: Remember that just because you are in the ID program, doesn't mean it will be accepted by MSFT to the included in the Marketplace. Their apps aren't as easy to get into play as the apps for Win 8.  




 SWAT teams. for drugs...overkill? the same unit you send out to bank robberies   terrorist raids is the same unit you take out a house in the middle of the night?  




 No, I have a good connection. 

They'll twitch around on my end, but they'll be killing as usual...

EDIT: watched the clip, very similar. no loading message, I'll usually just spawn inside some pilot (not a Titan like you). It'll say 'Watching _____" on the screen. I'll never spawn. Just wait in limbo... 




 Happens to me all the time on XB1. I will respawn   it's like my camera is in another players head. Some kind of glitch... I can't move, just watch them play from inside them.  




 Projectors have slow input lag...  




 i wrote @XboxStore asking if they'd discount DDL yesterday but no response... 




 some rank it as the best job market in the nation. I think it's most jobs overall. tech   food service, it seems to be great. some healthcare   business jobs. other fields, not so much...

Austin has a good A/V niche appreciation market, but doesn't have the industry it deserves. What do you want to shoot?  




 Mine were messing up too, I re-downloaded all my DLC maps   they unlocked....

Now, If I could only get the "didn't see me coming" (assassin someone while scoped...) 





























 It would be nice if there's some in-game benefit from performing with clanmates VS a normal fireteam. Is there any in-game reason to be in a clan?  




 i imagine humans will kill off anything bigger than a bat flying around... 




 Talk to your neighbors, look for food trucks around noon to see. Research   make some calls. Otherwise, they should be sending reps to your door... 

make them work. make them work against each other for price. notice when the prices change,   let them know you know. the more you do this, the more deals they'll offer   the less your prices will fluctuate.  




 because it literally takes time to cool off   time is what you need to calm down?  




 well, MCC seems like a good pick 




 Halo 3: the Gravemind sections where it'd slow down   blur your vision... Used too many times for effect.  




 for jeebus sake: if the cops are concerned there are pedophiles at the park, why not arrest the pedophiles   not the mother encouraging her son to play at a (probably tax funded) park? 

 




 Books on tape: David Sedaris, David Cross, Steve Martin
Audible.com

Podcasts: Nerdist / WTF / Comedy Bang Bang / ETC...
Various sites: iTunes, their own site, apps, etc 

 




 It really needs to be available across all MSFT devices... 

If they don't, MSFT will lose the digital rights battle to Sony, Apple, Google, Amazon, or any platform that ensures rights for a lifetime on future hardware 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cEgAExO6ghY
Fan made doc about Patrice... he was great  




 You didn't 'kill' this guy... 
 




 Find an Apartment Hunter. There's a couple of decent ones on NW 183. They don't charge you a thing. They'll do the hunting for you. They'll drive you around town for free letting you see your options. They get paid by whatever apartment they find for you, usually your first months rent goes to their company. 

Not always the case, but try to live east/west of your job for quicker commute times.  




 Tell her that maybe your future son will appreciate them... that'll distract her for now  




 wow, I would have several of these achievements already if available from the beta...  




 In game, anyone know how long a 'day' lasts in real time?  




 just about every 'reality' TV 'star'

no one has ever been selected to be on a reality show for being a good person. 'let's gather the worst selection of ignorant, selfish, manipulative assholes   be entertained'. Survivor celebrates people who backstabs the most. Honey Boo Boo is terrible. who gives a fuck about a Kardashian? 

Still can't believe studios decide to marginally cast a show, barely create a script, rarely have to pay for sets,   make a killing in revenue off it...   there's a HUGE demographic of clueless viewers that don't care / tune in weekly. We're celebrating (making famous) people who exude the worst qualities in people   have no real talent.  




 for Bonobo's, it's more than pleasure, it's social. they greet each other with sex. they dispute problems with sex. they perform every act imaginable (hetero, homo, incest, group, etc). all day orgy monkeys. 




 Any one else feel like you stole her ship?  




 The biggest question I have about the moon: What's up with that huge chain? 

I don't know what kind of evil those cosmonauts came across, but it seems they've been settled in the moon for quite a while... that chain came off like the hatch in Lost.  




 I'm jealous of other players that can do the robot...  




 how about posting that video?  




 If she isn't attracted to you, anything you say is creepy...  




 When the fraternal order of police first introduced tasers   pepper spray, they were proposed as non-lethal substitutes for guns

They could only be used to dissolve situations where guns are appropriate 

you think the 'don't tase me bro' guy could've been shot for hogging a podium? you think protesters deserve to be shot in the face?   




 shouldn't it be a law that all voluntary elected servants give up any   all beneficial gains while in office? 

without term limits, that'd be a great way to keep people in power for so long. unless they like thier job   modest pay...

 




 increase your price, decrease your initial selection, profit. 

Source: been a member since launch. they used to have partnerships with a lot more studios. I keep paying for netflix, but I rarely watch. Waaay less movies than they initially had, documentaries are about the only thing noticeably new. The 'new release' section rarely updates...  




 Those Nintendo kids will never know what's it's like to have $.25 to finish a game... 




 An IQ of 144 is gross  




 you'd think the GOP would realize that if the internet was a local utility, the local ISP could censor / block / monitor away...

Then, we'd actually need privatized ISPs to counter offer  




 the toll roads are almost always empty. it's a luxery tax that most choose not to pay (ATX is expensive enough). 

they should release the numbers of how much it cost of TxTag VS it's income. It's cheaper than last gen toll roads, but still costs a good bit with the cameras, the databases, etc... 

there's over a hundred people moving here a day, the roads are packed, surely there's other taxes we can use to pay for these (toll) roads which are everywhere yet not being used...  




 it's illegal in most states, but most no one knows or cares since cops don't ticket for it...  




 no multiplayer, the campaign didn't seem worth $60 alone... $40 is better, but I'm going to wait until it's lower.  




 If so, what do you call the next installment? 

I miss being able to know when a MSFT product was made. Wish the next Windows was Win 15 (2015). By year is the most sensible convention. Windows have been being released pretty frequently, need a better naming scheme to distinguish them...  




 Jelly-Fish Man or AnthingThatTouchesMeUnderWater Man  




 So, does Sam Wilson have the super soldier powers now? 

Is he still same bird telepathic powers but wearing Captain American suit?  




 Every 'car sized' gap you create is some schmuck behind you that you're screwing over...  




 if only Reddit would warn "this link has been posted before @ __________"  




 [New Thor, who didn't see this coming?](http://seveninchesofyourtime.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/adventuresinbabysitting4.jpg)
 




 as far as halo spartan assault: that's done in house...

yes, I replied to Mjr Nelson   Zen after the announcement. Got confirmation from Zen that it wasn't offered to them.  




 I got a couple of tweets from Zen this morning. They said it was out of their hands. Zen rep said they'd love if digital rights went across devices... 

This is Microsoft's decision (fault).  




 Microsoft - Digital rights should work across all your devices: XBOX   Windows. 

It's apparent you're focusing your business on selling licenses: VIDEO / MUSIC apps   your marketplace. You're trying to get in on a major shift in media. People are turning from physical media to digital rights. You need to establish a better reputation than this. You are F'n Microsoft! 

When people buy from you, they need to know:

- the license is valid a lifetime for the user
- the license works across all your devices during that lifetime 

If you don't, you'll lose out to Sony, Amazon, Google, Apple, etc...   then you'll put out a press release like you always do saying 'now MSFT sees the light'... the market will speak. 

Your goal should be to retain users between upgrades, yet you've made several decisions to give established users reservations about your service.

I remember your mission statement being about synergy between products, but not anymore. 

EDIT: why do posts like this get downvoted? it's informative, it adds to the conversation, it's just an opinion...  b/c fanboys downvote things they disagree with (not what the button is for). 
 




 The difference between eccentric   crazy is about a million dollars... 

The difference between comedy   tragedy?
 - someone gets a paper cut, it's a tragedy
 - someone falls down a man hole, it's comedy  

Mel Brooks  




 Didn't Comcast already have one of THE worst customer service reputations of any brand? 

 




 nope, i got bioshock when it went on sale. in fact, I've been buying a lot of games when they go on sale

I buy MP games new when they come out ($60) because I want to play with my friends

I buy other games after they go on sale (less than $20). Don't mind waiting...  
























 Right now, it's Dallas to Houston. They really should consider swinging this project through Austin, they'd get way more support...  














 The feeling of a good twitch shooter I haven't enjoyed since Unreal Tournament   Tribes... it's just fast. I go back to other shooters   they seem slow. 

EDIT: Seriously, I immediately increase my sensitivity on other games because I'm so jacked. 









 Artist: 

http://sirmikeofmitchell.com/ 




 http://mashable.com/2011/08/29/facebook-marketing-restaurants/

http://blog.wishpond.com/post/57638303180/social-media-marketing-for-restaurants-21-tips

http://thebaddeal.com/post/49367297137/what-we-dont-need-from-a-restaurants

http://marketing.about.com/od/socialmediamarketing/a/smdiningandentertainment.htm


Don't hit them too much too often, they'll hide / unlike. 3 Posts / day is too much for some followers. 

You may want to consider different facebook pages: your bar, events, etc...

Be consistent: don't miss having specials announced every day (at same time)

Be open to feedback. Research customer service   marketing to learn how to deal with feedback   negative comments. 

http://www.seeksocialmedia.com/respond-negative-social-media-comments/

Link Facebook pages to Google Ads. 

Cross promote w/ Twitter, Instagram, ETC

good luck
 




 Ok Reddit: find the most difficult page of Harry Potter for Floyd "I'm afraid of Manny Pacquiao" Mayweather to read... 




 When the fraternal order of police introduced the taser, it was promised to be a non-lethal substitute for occasions where guns are needed

did it look like it would be acceptable for that child to be shot with a gun? did the 'don't tase me bro' guy deserve to be shot with a gun for not giving up a podium? 

God dammit, when will they quit abusing their toys?  




 Anyone else think the flippers have a delay compared with the 360?  




 I'm not that guy that says 'this has already been asked' but I have seen this posted at least 5 times. 

  each time I say "Do you have $25   Like Titanfall   Want more maps? If yes to all 3, then get the Season Pass". 

then I get downvoted for no damn good reason.  




 I've got Laserdisc to DVD rips of the original   THX '97 versions... Only version I need...until now.  









 http://thegrio.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/obama-perry.jpg?w=650 




 http://www.yelp.com/biz/hair-mission-austin 




 Oh Yes by Charles Bukowski

http://jessicajjohnston.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/ohyes_bukowskipoem_500.jpg 




 https://storify.com/AthertonKD/veterans-on-ferguson

tweets from several veterans talking about how unprofessional these cops tactics are. pointing out how they obviously are untrained with their equipment...  




 The GOP is paid by corporate lobbyists who tell them that their bosses (corporations) don't want to follow EPA's rules because it cuts into their profits. 

Yeah, the GOP is usually racist but this theory is absurd. 

EDIT: Read: It's cheaper to buy a politician than comply with laws  




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcSowHB6Lu0

youtube video talking about possibility... 




 Amazing Spiderman 2: (the last movie that drove me nuts)

- I know it's straight from the comic, but seeing it onscreen is ridiculous: everyone in Peter's life becomes a villain 

- They become a villain for no good reason (bad day, didn't get their way)

- Rhino has no problem barreling through Manhatten with an 18 wheeler, but he's polite enough to wait for Spidey to have a heart to heart with a child (seriously, he'd massacre both from behind)

- the crowd lines up for fights like it's a PPV wrestlemania. no one is running for their life...   




 you know how hard it is to find a good tailor in space that knows how to deal with coon crotch? don't think so... 




 not TV but...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zx0ME65y72E 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zK0JaEde4VI  




 Why didn't Tony just aim to the left   shoot them directly? 
 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymltNm4p2VY 


 




 perhaps an achievement for playing every map...

hopefully there will be some tweaks to Waypoint for MCC,   an app for XBOX One  









 For those keeping score, they have actively tried to sway the public from video files (proven by the fact the XBOX ONE doesn't have a very basic feature, not difficult at all to implement). 

Music files are still accessible because people still buy music files. Go use Microsoft MUSIC   you'll see that it's poorly implemented though...

WMC from Win 7  Win 8 was nerfed. It's hammerheaded to use now that I've upgraded. 

WMC that was initially on 360   the WMC after the last update is shotty. 

- It's one of the only apps not pinnable to homescreen (actively made difficult to access). 
- Never appears in recent apps (again, so it's not convenient to use). 

The scope of their business is not limited to other computer OSs. Now, that they are in the Digital Rights business, I stand by my ground that they actively are avoiding this feature. 

So, no, I don't they are 'working' on making the XBOX One able to pull media files from a PC/Network. They are 'working' on going out of their way to avoid it. The reason we don't have it isn't because the people at Redmond can't get it to work yet... It could be done fairly easy. 

  Yes, I think they will eventually release it (read: begrudgingly). it will be because they have to due to pressure from fan base (thanks to threads like this) or else it's a feature all their competitors have, so they will as well.  




 jeebus, please have Anniversary DLC maps: we'll pay good moneys 

Beaver Creek, Headlong, Terminal... 




 It's Mike Mitchel 

http://sirmikeofmitchell.com/

he's great 

EDIT: Didn't have to Google Image Search or nothin...  




 but go through rush, meet some people...  




 Sure it wasn't aliens?  




 define: "attacked"  




 While that stat maybe true, they are punishing the 5% who have legit video files. Kids record files everyday on their phone. 

MSFT is forgetting their PC roots   too busy focusing on digital rights (  poorly executing that). 

EDIT: some jackass doesn't know what the downvote button is for (it's for replies that don't add to conversation, not to be used if you disagree) 




 they're not working on it. it was on the 360   they slowly took it away (ended up being worse)

same as Windows Media Center. MSFT assumes all video files are pirated movies.

They used to be in the PC business, but now they are selling digital rights. They're partnering with studios to sell TV / Movies. Except they aren't as cheap or convenient as, say, Amazon. 

Media files bought for 360 aren't accessible on the XB1. Other vendors sell digital rights for the lifetime of the user   on every platform for future generations. MSFT will have to make some changes if they are to survive this. 

MSFT is actively preventing this. They market the Xbox One as THE media center but it can't even pull files from a PC/Network... 




 The fact that Sony doesn't is reason enough for MSFT to implement this... show some initiative MSFT! 




 not every video file is a pirated movie.  




 for starters, MSFT was initially perceived as a monopoly before they had any real competition. have huge success   you draw out the haters... 

MSFT has opportunity after opportunity to do the right thing, but they usually balk. they make a bonehead decision   then their competitors do the right thing,   suddenly MSFT is on board. they 'see the light' 

EX: digital rights. People who bought items for their 360 don't have access to them on the XB1. Most other companies offer digital rights for a lifetime per user. They also offer that license across all their platforms   future generations... You're seeing MSFT starting to change this strategy (like they usually do)

Also, you don't see MSFT being as innovative as expected. They allow other companies to take the risk with the early adopters, but then they swoop in with their service.

I'm not a fan of Apple. They make their apps (quicktime, iTunes) intentionally run shitty on PCs. People blame the PC (MSFT, Windows) but it's usually the apps they choose to install being poorly designed / supported. (IE is a crappy browser compared to others). 

Speaking of, Apple people (read: cult) talk about how great the experience is, how well it runs, but Apple users are limited to what they can install. PC users have more freedom. If they don't install crap apps, they'd find windows isn't bad as an OS. 

Apple uses propitiatory hardware   jack up the prices. You can get a PC laptop waaay cheaper than an apple laptop. Apple cables are expensive. 

 I think iTunes is crap. They offer DRM riddled files. Opt for the files without the DRM into it   they charge you more? 

Zune was far superior to iPod. People still laugh when I give them a ride... 

 




 best commercial for ISPs ever 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ilMx7k7mso 




 If you are running Vista or XP, odds are that Windows 9 won't run well on that ancient computer. If this is some marketing ploy, the slow performance isn't much of a game changer. Also, odds are they don't know how to install new OSs or else they'd done it by now... only non-techies are running those OSs. 

If you are going to reward anyone, how about those who have supported MSFT more frequently? Incentive to remain loyal customers... 

Assuming this is true, why do companies offer deals to new customers   screw over existing ones? Grow a reputation of taking care of your customers is the best sway to get new ones   retain the old... 




 Hello,

I ran across your posts about this job opportunity. How would you prefer someone to send you a resume? 

Also, what is the name of your business? Where are you located?
(just in case any tea appreciators run across this) 
This is a great opportunity to advertise your business (I'm a marketing guy   like tea). 

Have a great day

 




 I hit up Five Guys @ arboretum, then hit up Amy's next door (I know what's for supper now)

PT Terrys is good. Mighty Fine. Alamo has great shakes too...

Edit: Culvers, Smashburger  




 ask him when he's done being racist   taking pics, perhaps he could check on this person's health?  




 remove the facemask for sure. players started using their heads when it was introduced...  




 because it's not ice cream, it's more like cool whip  





























 $5 / month 

best price for HBO, ESPN, Netflix,   any other streaming service 




 couldn't they just check the server logs for gamertags?  




 When I got the XB1 at launch, I had some problems. Was speaking with a customer support specialist   they gave me some advice:

When installing a game from disc, disconnect from the network. If connected to network, the console will recognize the disc but install from their servers for newest version (if available). 

If install from disc  way faster

(never tried it, I'm rocking disc-less)
 




 My biggest complaint so far... it takes up space   distracts me from the screen. The HUD is pretty congested as is.  




 1) who can ever read those signs when they're being swung / spun around

2) do those signs ever draw in more than $8 in profits per hour (the cost of paying a sign person) to justify paying for it?  




 let's see: Xbox, then 3x for LAN parties, then PC, then Anniversary, then now...nope, 6th 




 There's a conversation I've had at least 8 times in my life. I meet someone   we talk about books. They say, "I love Stephen King", "He's my favorite writer",   sometimes "I've read everything he's written"

Then I reply, "How did you like the Dark Tower series?"

They say, "Oh, I haven't read that"

It's easily his best work. Book 1 was written early in his career (  re-written). It's Ok. Book 2 is better. Book 3 starts a great series. The fact it relates to other Stephen King books is only icing on the cake... 




 He was cocky. He let the crowd get in his head. He lost his cool / rhythm. The last play was supposed to center the game tying field goal (or throw out of bounds)   the kid blew it by not following the play.  The same punk that blew the egg bowl last year showed up last night...

Also, we need a RB who isn't 190 lbs. We called too many running plays (they weren't working).  




 millions of americans are tired of 'surviving' off less than a living wage.  




 yo momma so dumb, she got fired from the M M factory for throwing away the W's...

yo momma's so fat, she put a fridge on her hip   called it a beeper 
(obviously from the 90's) 

yo momma do dumb, she climbed a tree   applied to be branch manager

 









 In 1999, a year before the 2000 election, I began tinkering with the idea of a site that would match a person with their best suggested politician. 

The idea was to let a person take a political litmus test   get matched with a politician. It wouldn't be a social network (the user would have the same privacy you have in a voting booth). The test(s) would be as in depth as the user was willing to go. Daily quizzes / questionnaires / polls. The site would also link users to potential blogs, articles, resources, charities, or anything relative to the users interests. 

I worked on this project for several years. I met with programmers, political science instructors, politicians, message boards, etc. The plan was to work on a major election (presidential)   work our way down to local level politics.

Then a couple years ago a programmer I had tried to enlist sent me this link. I knew instantly that someone had beaten me to the punch. 

I recommend this site for anyone trying to make an informed decision. It's an excellent tool. I urge you not to vote with your gut. Don't blindly support one party. Don't vote based on income, class, etc. Don't make a decision as important a vote without some research. Hopefully this will help.  














 when wolvy comes back (  he will), he'll appear less 'Hugh Jackman'   more (insert next actor lined up to play him)... 




 If you melee them, they sometimes release a reward 




 I haven't seen any purple/yellow weapons in the post game for any of me or my teammates in the last 3 weeks.

But before that, every time I saw one was when it was given to the worst player on the team... 




 Been a XBOX Live member since launch

Been a rewards member since launch

Got a XBOX One at launch

Where's my reward?  




 in perspective, it's nice to see where my money   time has been spent for the past decade... 




 it would be great if in the new trilogy, someone uses the cloning tech to clone Raven/Malak expecting them to be a Sith apprentice...  




 Guess the Win 9 is going to be free rumors are true?  




 never noticed how much that ship looks like a huge rifle...  




 if Bungie wasn't so vague with the story... 




 Honest question...  




 well put. I 100% agree with you: getting tired of replaying this game, having to  'work' to get stuff (I say work, because it's taking up a lot of my time), which is common of MMOs...

But: compare Destiny to Halo (what we primarily know Bungie for):

The Destiny story has more play ability than any Halo campaign. I usually play a Halo campaign once on Legendary co-op, another solo Legendary,   usually various sittings to get achievements. We can up the difficulty to Destiny's missions (not different, but harder) but we could also add skulls to Halo missions. 

Since launch, I've played Destiny's story more than any Halo campaign (  I'm a pretty huge Halo fan)   it's only been a couple of weeks. But, I'm tiring of it. I'm eager to anything new: DLC, missions, etc... After one week of playing, I had completed the story   then the level 20 'work' started. 

So far, we got 4 (large) Forge worlds (with AI spawns)   a tower map. 

Next, Multiplayer: Halo's MP has always been the true replay value. Destiny's MP is OK. Vehicles are terrible. Destiny's MP is fun, but the only purpose is to get Crucible points   perhaps upgrades. (When MCC comes, I can't imagine Destiny will be in my sights)

So far, I would say I've already gotten my $60 out of Destiny, but I too thought there would be more content. 

Good luck with the fanboys. They are the ones that think they speak for Bungie (speak for yourselves you sheep!).

I, too, worry about the Activision connection. Surly (not Shirley) Bungie took the preventable measures. Activision has a rep of nickel   diming us to death   taking IPs away from publishers. 

 




 Also: something we found out last night: have someone go up on the highest platform across from where you enter   die. The swarm of wizards will stay up there   attack the dead body (allowing the other 2 members a chance to focus on Phogoth) 




 where's the pic?

 




 simple click with the stick would be a great feature 




 One thing to do: if the Knights aren't attacking you   you aren't out of ammo, don't attack. Focus your attack on Phogoth. If you clear out the Knights, there's only more behind them... 




 when you get into a long battle, the music eventually becomes overbearingly annoying  




 Destiny is vague. I understand it adds to mystery, but it's so minimally cryptic it's kinda aggravating. I'll play the hell out of it, I'm appreciative, but I've spent a week playing a game I don't understand at all. 

Halo has always had a ton of story stuff in the background. There's been origins. There's been viral ads that add to the lore. Bungie has out Bungie'd themselves.   I thought I was lost to Titanfall's story...  




 nobody ever feigned outrage over Bush W. it was genuine. there wasn't speculation, it was grounded in facts. nobody imagined that he was born in a far away land (although he actually wasn't from Texas). fear-mongering is all about 'what ifs'. the GOP is all about imagining what they are up against. 

the democrats are for policy where as GOP is for philosophy
http://www.vox.com/2014/9/15/6131919/democrats-and-republicans-really-are-different

one party is attracted to tangible results   the other is attracted to something in their gut. what is it with the GOP   them not believing in science, facts, or anything laid out in front of them in favor of made up hypothesis or religion? 

they're not focused on helping the people the people who elected them so much as they are on getting their way (  staying in power). they'd rather monkeywrench DC for 2 Obama terms than do a job. come 2016, they're hoping voters blame Obama for their lack of attention. they'll do anything to win an election EXCEPT have a proven track record   run an honest campaign...all at the expense of the public.  




 BTW: we now call it drone parenting   




 I wish there was a list sorted by release date (known publicly available), not by type. This way, we could keep up with which ones have been entered... 




 Seeing how he's still alive: All of them. 




 I played for 2 hours   all my free weapons are higher levels than these... dang 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fh1x1-Z91sU

Keith Oberman calls out almost everyone involved in cover up 




  RedOpponent

XBL says "RedOpponent" does not exist  




 I'm betting that if you play campaign co-op 4 man, you'll be Blue Team 




 worked in Halo 3 as well...

The best was in Halo 2. You'd creep up to a base   you could listen to the dolts dicking around on defense. If you outnumbered them, you could start telling them how you were going to steal their flag   they should come out with their hands up... 

 




 the first time I trolled the internet, I found a Friends text only board   commented that 'Rachael has the hardest working nipples in the business'...

I got banned.  




 I used to live down the street from the Jehovah Witness 'church'. Every Saturday morning, a group of little ole ladies would walk out to convert but would always go straight to my house. (never a different neighborhood...)

Usually, I would have bartended till very late Friday night   would come home after the bar closed   would pass out playing video games somewhere around dawn on the couch. Around 8am, they'd knock, I'd have to put on pants   hear their spill about their faith. I'd smile, take their pamphlet (while my Jack Russell would be begging to eat them up at my feet),   go immediately back to sleep....

BUT: after 10 times, I decided to skip the pants   straight up answer the door in my boxers... it was half way through their speech when I noticed my morning wood had made it out the tent   was distracting them. 

They never came back.  
 




 http://www.clublexus.com/forums/attachments/car-chat/109827d1187246100-the-official-car-of-viagra-a-and-g.jpg
 
























 A stand-alone remastered zombie collection would be mucho appreciated... 




 Even as a kid, I felt Jedi kinda sucked... compared to the original 2. 

Lucas came back in the fold a bit with Jedi. It was originally 'Revenge of the Jedi'.

But then he got to thinking about his (new) children. He became soft. He didn't understand the difference between a movie being 'kid friendly'   'for kids'. 

He changed the name to 'Return'   the tone. He replaced a planet of wookies   replaced them with ewoks (easier to sell toys). He changed Luke's approach at Jabba's palace. He didn't realize his movies weren't kid movies, just movies kids enjoy. He did what he's prone to do   made it weak. 

Take the Greedo scene in IV. Greedo is a bad guy who's gonna kill Han if Han doesn't come with him. He's got a gun drawn on him (he's gonna shoot first, but Han beat him to it). Yet, Lucas became a Dad   suddenly thinks kids can't understand the situation. Even as a kid, I thought VI was crap (compared to originals)   wasn't surprised with the prequels... 

If you make something aimed directly at kids, it's gonna suck for adults.  The secret is make it something you can take a child to watch but made for everyone. Don't spoon-feed the kids, don't dumb it down, don't think they can't understand/appreciate it. 

(BTW: when will they include the Han/Leia wedding footage? When they test screened 'Revenge of the Jedi' there was a wedding at the end... ) 




 while you're preaching, might as well post in a better place...

http://www.reddit.com/r/AustinPetLostAndFound 




 was one of THE most impressive demonstrations I've ever watched,   yet barely got any coverage... 

Holograms y'all  




 if she drinks some Tang she could be an astronaut too... 




 these always remind me of MXC  




 H4 had the fewest button layout choices... every one had 2 buttons I'd love to swap out  




 very Bill Plympton'esque  




 That's it...hit them with another hack until they see the light of day 




 def needs to bring the Waypoint functionality back. ability to view entire Halo career too. view game history (maybe watch in theater mode). auto links to my Upload Halo videos. 

something more than the marketing hub 




 yup, pretty normal for a wakeboarder to jump in a ditch behind a Ferrari... 




 we knew social security was gonna be pushed to it's limits when the baby boomers (a large percentage of the population) got to their retirement years. we knew when they retired, there may not be enough money.

then George W. Bush used the social security funds to pay for 2 wars... 




 any counter service restaurant... wait 20-45 min to pay $20+ for a sandwich/burger/bbq/ramen/etc 




 ^ wish the K/D in your service record is a true K/D accumulated from Slayer matches only

Objective matches are measured in W/L, therefore your K/D shouldn't apply. (so what if you had a perfection if you lost?)

 




 TIL that only child actors can suffer childhood trauma   bullying  









 if Jack White wrote a book, he'd Jack White the shit out of this  




 tell him he's a damn yankee chickenshit asshole 
(he'll know it's from me) 




  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0H1mptKJQM 









 I just wish I could have customize-able controller button settings... since Reach, I've never been 100% satisfied with the offerings (H4 had the worst)

Why have us set up H4 loadouts if we can't use them in MP? all of the H4 maps I have played had stock loudouts.  




 if only Turtle Beach would make a dongle for my XP500 wireless headset I got for the 360 3 months before the XB1...  




 my favorite version...BESERKLEY

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcQJIy5_HLQ 




 I work at a restaurant in Austin, TX. I have at least 5 togo orders / day from Postmates (a delivery service which operates in multiple cities). 

Over the past year, we have never gotten a tip from any of their drivers. I have spoken with other food service employees from other restaurants who gripe about how they never tip   come in multiple times per day. 

I have several years experience in food service. It's common for their drivers to brag about how much money they make (decent amount)   inquire how I should apply to work for Postmates. 

Today, a driver opened up   said "I'd like to tip you but I can't... I finally found out why they don't tip:

* Postmates instructs them not to tip...ever. 

This company who makes money from the food service industry in multiple cities explicitly instructs their drivers to never tip using company credit cards...

(BTW: If you are a driver, you can tip cash... I know it's togo, but at least a dollar. Most everyone in this industry tips, even on togo) 

 




 that   when they just gun their nose in the gap forcing you to prevent a wreck... 

if you're gonna do this, at least put your blinker on   wait for an opening / permission  




 he have the 4 CD box set of rarities they just put out?  




 just let me know when the game is at least 90% fixed... 

haven't played one game. don't want to hate my favorite game. 




 They will grow up to overtake Putin   rule with an iron fist for sure... 




 OK, sounds like something from the National Enquirer, right next to the wolfman elvis...

I've been following these Romanian kids (the Stroes) for a couple years. Their father (a fitness freak) has been making these kids work out at least 2 hours a day since they were barely able to walk... I've even got a google news alert about them. I find it interesting (one of them holds the world record for vertical pushups   some other record). Of the numerous articles I've read / watched, this is the first mention of a 'mutation' I've ever read... I tried to cross reference that condition with results of the kids   came up with nothing.

I know that condition exists, but I'm sure their bodies are the result of hard work   not being mutants. 
 




 Bukowski is great... the difference is he constantly reminds you he's a piece of shit. completely upfront about it.  




 "Hey, I haven't seen a check in a while...maybe I can go down to the local Cash for Gold store?" 




 once AGAIN, XBOX keeps on screwing the diehard early adopters who use their hard earned money to support them  




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wilco_Book

 




 I've always felt the US's 'war on drugs' should be protested by Mexico. It's a prohibition that has only created a huge demand for crime. US money has been funneled out of the country   into the hands of gangsters   crime lords. It's a huge violent fight to control this source of insane income. Mexico has crime syndicates that have to house US money is different houses it's so rampant   abundant. This prohibition has funded this criminal takeover of Mexico... the US has created it. 
 




 I had forgotten about the deluxe disc to Whole Love, thanks.  




 my favorite albums to date are the ones that 'grew' on me. the ones I grew to love are still my most favorite, way more than albums I instantly loved. I tend to 'outgrow' albums that were instantly liked too... 




   They can put them on Adult Swim as re-runs later 




 I have DISH   currently they are disputing with Turner Networks... works for now, but for how long?  




 depends on network. some require it.  




 I found one: 'I Got You (at the end of the century)' from the 'This is 40' soundtrack

http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/wilco-this-40-judd-apatow-383991 




 Customer Satisfaction = Exceed Expectations  




 no, had never heard of...thanks 




 I've collected a good rare Wilco collection over the years   have been jazzed about this new box set. They released several tracks on 'roadcase' back in the early 2000's, I tried to DL what I could. I'm trying to find any studio tracks that didn't make it, but haven't found any...

Anyone know of any tracks not included? 




 NC BBQ comes down to sauce: Vinegar 

Depending on the side of the state: Pulled or Chopped

I prefer Memphis (N Mississippi) pulled pork / sauce...Still, NC is better than most TX options. 
























