 Meeting girls parents, normally this wouldn't frighten me but she's graduating and i'm going to be spending apparently a significant amount of time with them alone. (college, not highschool)
Its an outdoor graduation, and its gonna be about 85 degrees F.  So i'll be wearing dark slim chinos and either a jcrew popover, or ocbd.
narrowed it down to these 4 pairs. http://i.imgur.com/bzUNAPj.jpg 

Normally wear boots for work, so the rogue wingtips wont bother me in the heat if you think they would work well.

personally was leaning toward the left pair, but not sure if they aren't casual enough for the occasion.  Never really dealt with this graduating stuff. 




 http://i.imgur.com/CXMFzTr.jpg rockcastles 




 A tank that says mastermind shouldn't be labeled as a "mastermind tank" unless its a tank top made by mastermind.
change that. unless your targeting the legal knock-off grey area market demographic. 




 chukkas or desert boots maybe.  Normally I dont care for toms, but i think matched with that shirt something interesting could be made. 




 I mean top notch celebs always wore high fashion, but fashion itself evolves over time. Rappers normally wore hood shit, there was alot of evisu and red monkey jeans. 
Streetwear itself started in the mid-late 70's/ early 80's.  brands like stussy and 10deep were specifically geared towards surfers.
Groups like Pharell and the clipse were the main reasons street wear blew up, they started wearing bape, supreme, and pharell started bbc.
I don't remember much more than that, its about when I got into clothing. Pharell came out in dem bapes and i was like I DONT KNOW WHAT THOSE ARE BUT I WANT THEM. 




 there once was a time when streetwear wasn't mainstream.  These things go in waves. Give it 5 years and there will be something else. 




 you could also check out sites like gilt, myhabit, and jackthreads.  Depending on you're area find outlet stores, nordstrom rack, saks fifth off fifth, etc.
but yah a job is pretty key, and don't get discouraged.  The amount you make is never enough, same for most everybody. 




 that second link is proper sketchy 




 If you're in the north-east you could check out barneys new york, and the tannery in Boston.  There's probably more, but those i'm 100% of. 




 pinroll 




 "reputable tailors in your city"?  




 great idea for a thread, but maybe change the title. A little misleading. But yah hope this comes through. :D 




 thanks, yah im hoping they stretch a bit. not as much as my past experience with apc. but they are a tad bit tighter than i'd normally wear. 




 for retail price they are better than I expected, and for sub $100 they far exceed my expectations.  and thanks! might shorten em a little, but figured i'd give big ass cuffs a shot.  mixed opinions on reddit and in real life haha 




 sweet, i was a little worried. out of the box they are one of the roughest pairs ive had.  was expecting the twill to be much lighter. 




 meh, they are for the ALS association. best friends dad just got diagnosed with it. made a donation and figured i'd wear the bracelets.  Normally i'd agree, but yah. circumstances. 




 http://imgur.com/a/tzmh8#0
Told myself I'd never get a pair.  Always thought I was too old for n f, thought their label was too tacky, and they had way too many gimmicks.  Found the skinny guys on karmaloop for ~$70 and figured i might as well give em a shot, seeing as how my apcs were about ready to become retired.
Sorry for the grainy quality, decent camera was too far away, and ms paint cropping.. 




 Yes they do, But if you only wear them on the weekends then just don't wash them at all.  Not because your a denim head, but because you don't want them to fade.  Hang em up and spray febreze on them every sunday night. 




 The only way their customer service could be better is if they would ship their offices to Boston so I could visit. ;)
cant wait for my kickstarter UH's and launch slims as well :D 




 It looks like monster hunter 3, and only showed more than 4 people on screen in a brief clip at the very end.  
I am very excited if it happens, but something screams skeptical. 




 Selvedge certainly does have to do with longevity. the extra stitching goes throughout making the denim itself more dense and durable.  It just happens to also ensure the edge of the denim doesn't fray (finishing edge).
realistically if your levis have lasted years then I would expect apcs to be the same, it all depends on how hard you wear them. 




 I believe the originals should be shipping this month (end of last month), and other fabrics will be shipping over the next 2 months.  Personally awaiting the Super heavy's which are slated for may shipment. 




 like Athosicus said... pretty much just hurdles, and high jump. lol 









 indigo paint. fixem' right up... 




 "curvy", "friction from walking" lol... Try a denim skirt... not much friction there... 




 keys on belt loop, everything else in shirt pockets.  If you don't have shirt pockets, then make shirt pockets.  Oh and put your eraser in the backpack, don't need dem shirts be disappearing up infront da honnies. 




 30 isn't that old, and you can still pull off streetwear without looking weird.
Streetwear unlike most sects of fashion has a huge range, spanning from skater to hip-hop to high fashion esque.  Sure a 30 year old man might not want to wear a pink camo bape hoodie, and ballin ass evisu jeans.  That would look pretty weird.  
Essentially what i'm getting at is just toning down a little bit.  Maybe pick up some 501's or other straight leg jeans, somewhere between baggy and slim.  Personally i'm even a fan of krew chinos if you want to go with a slightly more mature look.
Rather than wearing hoodies every day you could try out some LRG or mishka button ups.  Even just pick up some plain 'ole crewnecks. 
Replacing a whole sneaker rotation I dont see as being a problem, depending on your line of work.  Most grown men wear sneakers now adays.  Plus buying lots of shoes can get expensive.  But if you have the cash maybe check out some clarks desert boots.  They are more "adult" than sneakers in general, yet still look very young and hip.

Sorry to drone on, but i'm 27 and went through the same thing a few months ago.  I wore strictly streetwear for 5+ years, and am trying to move in a more mature direction.  But you always can mix in a few street staples to make a look come through.
gluck mate 




 If streetwear is just a trend then its a long lived trend.... I mean Stussy, 10deep, and vans alone have been around for 25-30 years individually.  Sure in the last 5 years the "streetwear" market has grown substantially, and I see that slowing down.  Imo it has stood the test of time, and it will always have a place in the fashion industry. 




 ACK, was ~4:00 am before work. I done goofed. 









 yah dishonored was really good.  Its just strange that these developers are all like, "need a name".  "OH I KNOW, lets pick something silly that starts with a C!" 




 dead space 3 









 boots, and general wear should do the trick 




 Aston Grey Rockcastle's.  Got em at DSW, I'd try and get into a DSW and try em on if you're thinking about buying.  They run huge, I had to size down 1.5 




 thanks, I sized 1 down.  Tried on 2 sizes down, and was really paranoid about crotch blow before they got a chance to stretch.  They are a little too big on my waist now, so i just wear an undershirt and tuck it in + belt.

Im on the same boat. Thinking of trying japan blue, or 3sixteen.  They seem to be the most comparable in value/quality.  Also hanging in to see if Gustin releases info on their 18.4oz selvedge indigo they talked about on here.  Although i'm not in a huge rush, still loving my apc's.  




 not sure exactly to be honest.  I spill chemicals on them at work from time to time, along with general wear and tear. 




 I washed them once, and I work in a factory where I wear them daily. Im guessing thats why I have significant wear around my thighs. 




 yea, essentially taking the sides in.  Giving the body a more flattering look.
Although even that might be tricky considering the pocket placement is really close to the side seam.  But i'm no tailor so it could be a non-issue. 




 be wary of breaking them in then deciding you want them hemmed.  Im guessing you meant try them on, and make up your mind. You just dont wanna start getting fades then make the fades look unnatural by hemming. 




 it was an in the moment type picture
http://imgur.com/a/wiwvn 









 not an expert, but the shoulders and arm holes look too big.  Probably not worth tailoring costs.  You could get it tapered, and maybe try it with a casual look. 




 Good lookin out, but yahh. Boston to SF is a long ways to go for a shirt. :(  Although I could deal with not being in -3 degree weather right now. haha 




 thanks for the quick response. Ya i'm pretty skinny. ~6'/150lbs, So I will probably hold out.  My local shops havn't gotten them in yet, i'm hoping they do eventually. 




 Mainly has anyone tried the fit. I need slim shirts, and they don't seem to make it in slim.
elbow honeycombs would be killer I think. 









 planetside 2... 




 give it 15-40 wears, they will size up to about a ~36.  From the waist to the bottom of your knees will stretch substantially.  So don't fret if they feel too tight.  If you like the tight look maybe check out the ns petit slims.  Can't say much for rescues, never owned a pair.
Also be careful until they do stretch.  Dont wanna blow the crotch out on a fresh pair. 




 scr8 up out da han dynasty? L Bu'in it an all dat? Teachin dem numbers? word. 




 the type on back is done beautifully. stencil, and spray? or by hand/ruler? Either way I love it. 




 my thoughts exactly. 









 I am and have always been primarily a PC gamer, and I love steam for what it is.  I just want to get other peoples opinions on what the big deal is with steam box/big picture mode.
I've had a living-room computer since the x800AIW card, which at the time was a really niche market.  But seriously. Most budget computers have hdmi out, and will be able to run more games and at a better quality than the "steambox".  Atleast with the given specs as of now, not to mention at a fraction of the cost.
A computer with HDMI out will also let you run your choice of OS whilst regular old steam at the same time.  The big picture mode web browser seems really clunky. The library section is also horrible when you have a descent sized game collection.
The lan party aspect of the steam box is intriguing, but in the same light for ~$1000 you could get a solid m-atx gaming rig with a lan case.  It wouldnt be as small, but atleast it could run AAA games decently.  Plus the steam box is marketed as a console killer, hence nix lan parties unless you are replacing your big computer with a small computer an a big TV.
Not trying to be a hater, just genuinely interested in other peoples opinions. 




 I foresee a horrible ending.. . 




 legend of grimrock 




 install a seatbelt on your racing simulator.  
Don't wear your seatbelt.
Damn thats realistic 




 If you only have $10 to spend why not DS 1 2. most bang for your buck atleast.
havnt played any fear since the original, but either dead space game is better than rage or dead rising 2 imo. 




 I'm gonna brag about all these services I have, and i'm still gonna beg for ms points..
And how is this game related? 




 The World Ends With You. is amazing. 




 thx, real not repost.  They are done and belong to my friend though. Just thought /r/gaming might like too see :)
http://imgur.com/usTg2 









 Terry Crews is pissed 




 thx was wondering this myself. 




 Dark Souls pre-purchase.  I work hard for the money I use to buy games.  Therefore I buy games I deem very worthy of my money.  I feel dark souls would be worth my money, although with speculation of it being a crumby port job I'm not sure if I can swing it with my budget.
Im not sure if you can gift pre-purchases, either way I appreciate what you're doing. Great morale boost for the community as a whole :D 




 :D Yah I stumbled across it there when I was looking for the same case myself.  Great case, great price, and ncix has great service/fast shipping.  Hope you enjoy
PS Depending on what aftermarket cooler you go with make sure you check the depth specs. my Cooler master 212 evo has about a quarter/eighth inch of clearance from the case side. 




 NCIX sells kits for around 20 bucks with a different colored logo/mesh.
http://ncix.com/products/?sku=74187 vpn=GRLM manufacture=Bundle%20Deals 




 Best indie pack yet, imo 




 From what I understand they do stay forever.  Although individual server admins have the power to wipe their servers at any given point.  Essentially clear the world and start fresh.  Mainly wipes happen if the world gets over encumbered by tents/barbed wire/sandbags/etc, and or hacks.  So there isn't exactly periodic flashes, and technically given really bad luck your tent could be wiped the next day.  




 right on, didn't mean to cause a stir.  Thanks for clearing that up. 




 .. Ys origin's normal price is 11.99, not 19.99.  Flash deal price should be like ~5..  Bare in mind I just woke up and could be not thinking straight.
http://i.imgur.com/MmTvW.png 
























 i'm pretty sure they do, maybe not in the off season though. although i dont really know what the off season is like in LA.  




 american apparel 




 Heltah Skeltah - The Art Of Disrespekinazation 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MbL8bwxhzo 




 dont forget about the nighthawks 




  my character has been created and I've had him for about 40 hours. I'm absolutely not golden. 




  offer 100. 160 seems high imo 




 shoe goo 




 I thought both the new consoles were supposed to be able to output at 4k.  how about we just wait and see about the framerate. not to mention 4k tvs/monitors  probably won't be in the average consumers houses for another 4-5 years anyhow.

 and if we're talking about the far off ps5 future I'm sure tech will evolve so as to create solutions keeping costs about at standard price. last gen was a much bigger advancement making the jump from 4:3  to 16:9  imo. 




 Every GTA game has come out on PC eventually, why is everyone so down like this one wont.

I'm not saying it will be soon, but it will likely happen eventually. 




  my computer has also been hooked up to my tv for 8 years or so. so I guess I might not be the target demographic. 




  most of the games I pay are in the steam eco-system. but not all of them, that sort of worries me. 




 If you're trying to get in shape, and new to denim I would absolutely go sub 200. Probably even cheaper.
A. make sure you actually like wearing raw denim.
B. It would suck spending a considerable amount of money on denim then losing weight.  Personally I would wait until you are happy with your weight and arent going to fluctuate much before spending big money. 




  buying multiple pairs of sub $200 denim rather than one pair of higher quality denim 




  rogue didn't cost 270 million dollars to make. 




 dreamcast  had a killer lineup.  jet grind, sonic 3d, shenmue, alot of other weird obscure imports. not to mention you can burn games on cds without modding  if your info that.
 the rest I'm impartial to, they are all good bets, but Saturn games might be a tad on the pricey side, if that matters to you. 




 2 out of 5 are free.  the rest combined are probably cheaper than this pack costs. 




 Somewhat interested in picking up a ps3. What are you looking for before I bother you for pics 




 My thoughts exactly. 




 Looks like they are working on it though. 

"The game isn't running on my Windows 8 machine. What do I do?We're sorry to say that Rogue Legacy is not officially supported by Windows 8. Some people have successfully managed to get the game running in that OS, but we can't provide support for those versions. We will be releasing an official version for Windows 8 along with the Mac and Linux versions." 




 Rogue legacy doesn't support win8. Maybe you could try running in xp compatibility mode. But not sure if there's any way. 




 Do you have windows8? 




 Trying something radically different than my usual slim fitting work wear. 









 normally don't care for pocket stitching, but those are absolutely beautiful.  Love the details.  Would love a fit pic when you get a chance! 




 not to mention, no matter how fast your network is you would have more latency streaming it to your pc than plugging your console into a monitor. 




 suspect ass mw3 




 shin megami tensei IV, Animal Crossing, Monster hunter III/IV. 
If you are in the market for a handheld system then its absolutely the way to go. 




 It will look alot better on a smaller 3ds screen, and pokemon games have never looked particularly good.  They are fun and charming. 




 co-sign, maybe I'm just getting old. But I'd rather just pay per month than having nonsense multiple currency forms and feeling bullied into paying potentially more than $15 a month on silly micro-transactions.  

 "wink-wink nudge-nudge, you could be doing this faster if you pay $5" 




 beautiful
 




 because nintendo wouldn't and shouldn't give us the opportunity to fund anything, least of all being pokemon on a tv.
If they thought it was a good idea im pretty sure it would have happened 10 years ago. 




 24 hour codes dont work with the free game promotion 




 UB201's.  they wont have the metal pocket rivets, but they don't have pocket stitching.
If you dont mind pocket stitching then the levi's would work fine and probably be even a little cheaper.
http://theunbrandedbrand.com/collections/all/products/ub201-tapered-fit-indigo-selvedge 




 steam
 @ entangel 




 28k modem? 




 measure a pair of your own pants that you like the fit of, and compare.  Just buy the one that most closely matches. 




 making this post implies that you are still alive. in which case you should probably have enough time to finish downloading all of them.  How is this a problem. 




 in store as well.  Went in and picked up the faded twilight microdot today.
I believe it was off any full priced shirt. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/malehairadvice

might be of more help, maybe a portrait as well as your 3/4th view picture would help as well. 




 tidy up/shave beard, remove earring.  If you want fashion advice don't post from shoulders up.. 




 Has anyone worn andrew marc shoes? never owned a pair of chelsea boots and figure if the price is right i might as well give em a shot. 









 they have a button bar at the top with a search box, and they have panels... same as most websites.
greenmangaming fits right in the middle. 




 I miss Filene's Basement :( haha

 




 Having a good time (vita) took a few hours before I was able to concentrate on my character with everything else going on. I still get lost from time to time, but its not too bad.
About 4 hours in myself, waiting to unlock multi-play.
absolutely recommend on vita, cant attest to ps3 but im sure its great as well. 




 Not to mention OCBD's might not work depending on what he does for a living.
absolutely plain tee's, maybe try out a colored denim chambray. (personally think its a bit more casual than an ocbd) 




 If you want the 5 panel style, but don't need the brand behind it check out the ASOS brand. They are around $20, I haven't had any experience with them but for that price i recon its worth a gamble.
http://us.asos.com/search/5-panel?hrd=1 q=5+panel
 




 they've been 35-50ish for years.  roughly the same price as a 5950 authentic fitted cap.
the price will vary dependent on brand, and no they probably arent worth 25% of the construction/material price.  How would a company, particularly small brands make money if they were closer in actual vs retail pricing. 














 But we already lost Lincoln, JFK, and Hendrix... Wasn't that bad. 




 fffff.... a lot... soz 




 Getting an awesome computer.... To play f2p games and minecraft.  You could save alot of money by buying a less awesome computer...

Real talk though, you could check out the stalker series.  Probably be able to pick them up for cheap, and the modding community is great.  It might not look great vanilla, but it will make a modern computer chug with some of the graphical overhauls. 




 mine have been holding pretty strong, although I wouldn't have got em if it wasn't for $30 nordstrom rack deal. 




 http://www.amazon.com/Madden-Mens-M-Gamer-Boat-Shoe/dp/B005MWN5C6
Got these last month, rarely take em off. 




 75% off everything 




 site looks real shady, anyone have any experience with em? 









 people are really standing up for kanye, this blows my mind.

http://images.freshnessmag.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/nike-sportswear-kanye-west-air-yeezy-black-570x453.jpg 




 I dont care how he dresses. Im guessing based upon the things he has designed in the past. 




 Because everything the man has ever done is tacky as fuck. He probably wanted to do a tiger print warp but touitou wouldnt let him go that far. Plus werent the air yeezies green and pink. 




 Pink and neon green tiger print weft inc. Gonna be more pointless than n f's gimmicky jeans 




 steam summer sales are always tuesday, its always cut in the midweek madness. 




 Cheers, exactly the sort of info I'm looking for :)  I'll def check it! 




 I'm not looking for a single $1000 item, I'm looking to go shopping in Paris with $1000 for clothes which I believe is fairly frugal.
I thought quite a bit on where to post it, and took a shot. But im guessing in /r/expensivemalefashion they would tell me i'm being unrealistic and frugal. 




 because I'm not asking how to dress myself properly,  I'm asking for places to shop at under a budget. Perhaps local insight, if there are any French users. 




 Anywhere I should check out, looking to get a few interesting key pieces.  I know I could easily spend way more than $1000 on clothes in Paris, and am looking to make it stretch as much as possible.
Normally I'd consider myself to dress in the grey area between street wear and high fashion.  APC's/naked and famouse/Jcrew/and all sorts of different boots.
Also am specifically looking for things that would be hard to come by in the US.  I'm in Boston, so average high fashion is readily available (barneys, saks, neiman, riccardi)  Maybe some interesting mid-range french brands. The best example I can think of would be Supreme NYC, not that I would normally wear supreme but when im in NYC I go there because its such a hassle to get supreme outside of nyc.
Sorry to ramble on, and thanks in advance. 




 http://www.dsw.com/shoe/aston+grey+rockcastle+2+boot?prodId=280808 productRef=SEARCH

Sorry been away a few days, I'd recommend going into the retail store if you buy them.  Normally I wear a 12, and had to size down to 10.5. 




 thanks for the input guys, and yes the left pair is navy blue.  




 I wore the same pair of apc's to work atleast 4 days a week for about a year.  The only reason I stopped was because they developed some noticeable holes, and I didnt want people to ask why I never changed my pants.
Granted I work in a factory, so im guessing this is much more acceptable than day to day office wear. 




 "There are always the people who get a coat and they just look like pedo's."
priceless. 




 personally i'd go with a 5 panel cap if your gonna go with a cap at all.  Granted I guess it depends on your style.
HUF, Stussy, if your on a budget asos. 
























 Probably a Tucker Blair belt, but i cant find that specific model though. 




 Yea throw em his way! Hope this one works better. Many many community respects. 




 Dunno about those whiskers. 




 beautiful, should be front page any minute! 




 Maybe new in box, the name zelda sells units.the more units sold means the less valuable it will be in the long run. 




 25 seems reasonable. 10 for the console,5 for the joystick,10 for the games.unless there's some crazy valuable game in the stack, because zelda is a 50 cent game 




 If you go up to NH at all you could check out myriad games and double midnight comics.both great gaming spots about 45 mins north of boston 




 no hackers on the stand alone. 




 I dunno about raws. "Here's a pair of really expensive denim." "Wtf they are stiff, uncomfortable, and I want to wash them." "Naw man it's cool just wear them for the next three months...trust me".

I mean I love me some raw denim,I just don't think they are great for someone who doesn't care.  Personally I'd say a pair off dark washed denim,jcrew or something of the sort. 




 Nintendo needs to give up the virtual skoal. 




 Yea they opened a store in boston recently too, dropped in today and the sale was pretty great.seemed it was 50-75% off everything except a small section of next seasons line.

Pretty sure it's gonna be my new between season go to spot! 




 Yea my thoughts exactly, I wouldn't hold my breath. but it would be a great surprise. 









 sports cap and normal attire.  if its really cold i'll wear a sports beanie and normal attire. 




 faux fur isn't "pretty much the same thing" as coyote fur. 




 is that good at factory.jcrew as well? probably your best bet. :D Super cute though! 




 Solid chinos, and they sometimes drop around that price between seasons.

 




 [gap GQ collaboration](http://www.gap.com/products/gap-gq.jsp)  has alot of solid pieces, really depends what your looking for.  Some of those Baldwin denim pieces look really nice though. 




 If you have a couple extra bucks, these would be a solid pick-up for sure.
[selvedge denim](http://www.ae.com/web/browse/product.jsp?productId=0118_2957)
Edit: didn't notice the lack of sizes.... could be good if your real skinny. 




 Def the tassels 




 Girl got me a Jcrew [rucksack](http://i.imgur.com/zgmS5iV.jpg)  and bro got me a load of Jcrew vnecks.
pretty happy with it :D 




 Looking for something decent, and as cheap as possible. New England funeral, so it'll be cold.leaning towards functionality over looks, but I'd rather get both. No time for my tailor and I suppose no time to be picky. Thanks in advance. 




 So you don't have to pay 60 for the full release.potentially. 




 From what I saw at the pax east panel the interface was a lot more user friendly and intuitive. 




 So the parents who are just trying to be holiday hero's all deserve to be scammed? 




 arma 3 




  if you wind up parting it out send me a message. interested in gpu and psu 




  the boots are completely different, beyond color. 




  the hurricane 




 originoo gunn clappaz, tradgedy khadafi,  unless I missed anything 




 I would actually recommend watching a bit of a few "let's play's" not enough to see the whole game, but to see what and how experienced players grapple with the beginning quandaries that leave newcomers stuck. essentially get a feel for the game. 




 if you are in the new england area, bullmoose records as well.
http://www.bullmoose.com/p/15400409/ps4ac-psn-12-month-subscription-card 




 and or just take a pair of jeans you like, and do all the measurements and compare them to measurement guides of jeans you are looking at.  If you cant find a fit guide, dont shy away from sending emails to customer support. Nothings worse than having 150$+ jeans that you dont like. 




 Sized down n f skinny guys work well for me, im 6'/145 lbs. just size down once or twice. 




 rick ross 




 A PENTIUM.  yah sure 




 2 write 




  omega virus 




  tried it once, looked like a  flat-top. I guess I could use like a whole can of pomade  every day, but ain't no-one got time for that.
edit: my hair it's brillo pad curly 




 " THE HAIRCUT ALL MEN SHOULD GET"  except for the curly haired freaks :( 




  maybe check on frugal male fashion advice as well. 




  headache setup. 




  not the cable torn, the whole hdmi port got torn out of the ps.. 




  God damn, that's horrible. 




  too casual for anything classy. but I guess it depends. 




 Valkyria Chronicles of your into that sort of thing, and the infamous  games are good. 




 you forgot about a horn 




  like a horn? 




  it has as much DRM as any other console, it's the only one that's region locked, and the cost is not that low. 




  Yea I honestly thought I needed to upgrade to a ps4 ps+ or something. way too big, way too much, way too everywhere. 




  dang. update went super smooth for me. after that I anticipated just logging right in. but nope.
 




  happening to me when wired to Ethernet connection. when I try wireless it's "please wait..." 




 FF XII 




  height is a little too big, width is way too big. you also look young, so cheap glasses are more than fine. it would suck to buy $100+ glasses only to outgrow then in a year. 




 vamp ass hoes 




  top right 3/4 view actually looks pretty good. top pair are better. but concur way to large 




  no offence, honestly interested in why you would get a v-neck  t shirt tailored. why not just get a better fitting t. unless you have a really really strange build.I mean even great quality t shirts have a finite number of wears before they are no good anymore. unless you just have a real solid income. 




  np hope it works out.I swear finding good fitting shirts off the rack is like an at form. 




  if you have a Brooks brothers near you try and check them out.  especially if your near an outlet store they have great deals.  I'm 6 even and 160lbs,jcrew slims fit me great, but Brooks tend to be a little too big for me. they'd probably for your build better.  you could also check out jcrew chambrays, more of a classic/ loose cut than their ocbd's 




 morte ruled 




 dayz? 




 I wonder if current ps+ users that keep their reoccurring payment going well be grandfathered into the old price. 




 Neeks fits from 06-07 era hypebeast.  First person I remember bringing street wear from crazy ass all-over prints and evisu jeans to minimal slim cut raw denim, and chukkas. 




 krs-one, I got next. tragedy, saga of a hoodlum. cnn the war report. are pretty much what got me in. 




 nujubes 




 co-sign jc2 




 nore 




 I'm don't generally like supras, but those aren't bad.  Really minimal as far as supras usually go. 




 I dress nicer than the average factory fare.  Granted my specific job is less grungy than most other factory jobs.
workwear look m-f.  Every season shift I tend to bring in nicer/old weekend pieces into my usual week wear. 




  still lookin for crunchy black. 




 garbo. 




 haha must be pretty nice, but ya i'd give them a shot figure its worth a try if it isnt too out of your way.  I also know theres a uniqlo in SF if you felt like going on a long ride for some shorts haha.
gluck 
























 She didn't get the memo.female assassins are too hard to animate, therefore they don't exist. 




 I've always looked at fashion boards as an extended group of friends.  If you are around a certain group long enough you begin to act, dress, and like the things the group as a whole likes.  Every board had their select few individualists, sometimes they are the creative's, or industry people, or even just the ones with the most money and they tend to spark trends in the community.the only way to get "beyond"the group is to leave that specific group.
I'm a hypebeast person from 06, when I joined wdywt consisted of evisu, and red monkey jeans, bape hoodies, and dunks.  User/blogger Neek was the first to start posting fits of 501stf,wtaps/cukkas, and solid colored tshirts.  at first it wasn't well regarded "too sufu" a month later and it was the biggest entire forum paradigm shift I ever remember seeing.
 




 idk. god of carts..  or cart of war. 




 It's a fitted hat for the winter, it can be bought at lids in the winter... 




 that possibly herringbone fishtail parka is real tight.

and this whole fit is something special. http://fuckingyoung.es/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/CIVILIZED_fw14_lookbook_fy4.jpg 




 real intrigued 




 http://theworldsoriginalface.bigcartel.com/products 




 War of the roses, if you don't mind only multi player.the sword pay is super rewarding 




 build a cheap pc, get 4 wireless 360 controllers and do the steam streaming thing.  All the couch co-op and cheap steam games you need.

Buy a ps4 if and when there are exclusives you want to play. 




 solid jeans,I love mine.They're really soft.although I ripped a belt loop off of mine last week...in Montreal.thanks for the giveaway, and someone enjoy! 




 game, depending on what time/where.  Maybe we could have it in Copley square, and if it rains we could move into the prudential food court or something.
Seems easily accessible for someone unfamiliar with the city, and not in the middle of the commons if it starts raining. 




 http://imgur.com/biBHoPG

I can say they fit similar, we have very similar bodies, and I happen to be a person that has worn many different brands of T-shirts.  Sorry I don't own white T-shirts so a black one will have to do in this compare and contrast picture I have taken. 




 Gap tees fit very similarly, the necks aren't quite that large though. 




 Worked adequately on my 660ti. Wired pi, wireless ac300 pc.it's how I beat dmc, dark souls wasnt a great experience though.  My only problem was getting my 360 dongle to work with the pi, wound up just leaving the dongle on my pc.and bringing the controller to another room. 




 Yah I got the opacity mask working just fine.meant to work in rgb anyhow, habitually work in cmyk due to work.but thanks for the advice! 




 argh, thankyou... Forgot to work in rgb, clipping masks dont like cmyk gradients for some reason.  But ya Got it sorted out. 




 "Can't make a compound path. All objects in a compound path must be paths, and they cannot be brushed or part of an object." heh 




 I want to cut the circle out of the mesh, "minus from front/back"  




 I want to minus a circle from that mesh, am I out of luck?  









 I'm a graphic designer who currently works in print production.I've always wanted to get into ui/menu design.  Really,I just don't know where to start.do you know of any indie devs around the city who would be looking to give a guy a chance and get free work in return.either that or any indie designers who would want to take on an apprentice?  Thanks for all your work! 




 Sorry if this is a dumb question, anyhow.
My first credit card was a CapitalOne Platinum card, It was just about the only card I could get with very little credit history.  After a year or so my credit score is ~700, and I was pre-approved for the Cap quicksilver card.
If I have 2 cards in my wallet, one with a higher APR and no rewards and the other the opposite I don't see myself using the platinum card any more.  I don't want to close my platinum card, and lose all the history I built with it.  I also don't want to keep it unused and have that go against my credit score, as little as it may actually effect it.

I'm also planning on applying for the Discover it card, and don't really care to keep track of 3 credit cards.  I'm very responsible with credit, and 90% of the time I don't carry a balance from month to month unless I'm hit with a last minute emergency in which I clear it off as quickly as possible.  I'm just not the most organized person in the world, so the thought of carrying around 3 cards scares me.

Thanks in advance. 




 Getting more money for mk vs dcu than for bf3 it's bonkers, nobody could be looking for that game. 




 "George Bush doesn't care about black people" 




 I am planning on buying a condo in the next month, I will be taking a 30-year mortgage and am not sure whether to go with an adjustable or fixed rate.
I'm accounting for my finances with no over-time at work, and I will be fine making payments with either loan.  I'm planning on paying the loan back within 10 years.  For the moment going with an ARM would save me on monthly payments for when I am not getting over-time.  (its slow season now)  For 2/3rds of the year I am planning on making double/triple payments.
Would I be wise to stick with the best % fixed rate mortgage?

I have about enough finances saved up to pay it off in full if things get bad, but I would rather build more credit.  I also don't want to buy a cheap condo in full and have no just-in-case money left.

PS. thanks to everyone who helped me out in my rent vs buy topic from a couple days ago.   




 Dracut, lowell, haverhill. Depending what you consider around. 25-35 minutes away is close enough for me. I work out of Chelmsford ma. The cheapest I've found near the city proper is Malden, but the cheap cheap end was like 130k 




 Thanks a lot, I'm going to have to look into a buying agent and see what I come up with.  Glad to hear you made out well on your condo!! 




 Absolutely atleast 5 years.
The place I have my eye on currently, well one of many.  The one I'm waiting to hear back from has been on the market for about half a year, and has already lowered their price about 10k.  It isn't a very convenient area, it just happens to be very very convenient to the place I work.  I do need to have it seriously checked out though, if I get serious on this one.  Because that length of time tends to make me nervous.
Thanks for the advice! 




 Thanks a lot, I would have absolutely overlooked that. 




 I promised my mom I would before she moves to Florida, I'm staying in the Boston area.  The last thing I need is for her to be worrying about me, when she needs to be worrying about herself.
Figure there is no harm in meeting with the guy once and seeing how I feel.

 




 Thanks, I will have to look into that.
At the moment I'm looking for a one bedroom, in hopes that my girlfriend will move in when she is ready.  For now I want to prove i can be fully independent, and if she moves in we would be making about 100k in total together and could pay it of quick, and or live like king/queen.
I went into more detail why she can't at the moment a little further up, but ya after dealing with roomates for years I don't know if i can go back to it. 




 Thanks, average in my area is only about $150.  A few im looking at are around $250 with gas heat included.  When I was renting, during the winter my gas bills were around $250 alone.  So at that price it seems to even out. 




 Me and my girlfriend are pretty serious, but at the moment I need to do whats best for me.  Since moving back home I have an hour commute to her, and a 45 minute commute to work.  The places I am looking to live would be within 25 minutes from her, and 10-odd minutes to work. ~200 a month in gas in my civic is getting old.
She doesn't have a car, She moved to the states when she was 16 and has had Boston public transportation ever since.  Wherever I look at I anticipate bringing her, and value her opinion.  But for the moment I want to prove that I can be completely independent by myself, and hopefully she will move in with me eventually.  I can't afford to live walking distance from the subway by myself, and need to be safe if anything happens between us.
Just to clarify, she makes more money than me.  She doesn't drive because she never needed to drive, but she's working on it. (I don't want anyone thinking poorly of my lady ;))
 




 I don't want land, I grew up in suburban NH and have plenty of land.  I hated every minute of any yard work, and shoveling I've ever had to do.  I would love to get a townhouse maybe, but its out of my budget at this moment, and will likely be for the next 5-10 years. 




 Thanks for the input. I have 65k is saved up.so even after a dp I have some wiggle room.have an appointment next week with a financial advisor.is there anything you would recommend asking or telling an advisor? 




 I'm 28 years old and was renting for a few years.  My father passed away last year and I moved back in with my mother. (not trolling for sympathy, just giving context).
My childhood house is going on the market, and I need to come up with something to do soon/within the next few months.  Condo's in my area are in the 75-100k range, and I have enough money saved where I could comfortably put in a 30% dp.  If anything goes completely awry I have enough saved where I could probably buy it outright.  
I make about 40k, and am happy at my job and don't intend on leaving it or my area any time soon.  It also works out with the loan I'd be taking plus average hoa fees in my area that I could live in a nicer condo for cheaper than renting.

I strongly oppose going back to having roomates, and I don't want a house (after maintaining my current home over the past year).

edit: also I know this isn't the reality sub, but if anyhow knows about how firm condo prices are it would be appreciated.  I don't want to offer 65k on an 80k condo, planning to settle between 70-75 and have my offer seem like a slap in the face only to not hear back.  (I don't know if condo's are like houses, and owners expect an offer, or if they expect to get the asking price.)

Any opinions or advice would be greatly appreciated, hopefully y'all can help me from giving myself more headaches. 




 Crazy Titch 




 are you sure its your videochip? do you have windows 7/8 32 bit or 64 bit?  32 bit isn't supported and could lead to some of those same problems 




 Shoe goo works wonders 




 I'm sure there are more tv addicts out there than gamers, but thats old news. Gaming is still relatively newer, and still has weird stigmas attached to it. Personally gaming is more addicting to me because it is more engaging than those other things.

Edit: Also when you finish a show you are done, you have to wait for next week. Same with a book.  With mmo's and mobas, things that people are generally addicted to there is no end. You can keep playing forever with no real reason to stop 




 Strange, ya sometimes if things are too close to a Wi-Fi source they won't connect.maybe try using the cable and getting all the system updates, if you haven't tried that yet.if that doesn't work you might have to contact support.heh 




 Did you try moving the ps4 further away? 




 I agree, permanent.  If they aren't friends at first it wont take too long before they have some sort of chemistry. 









 Rakim ran shit 




 2, just because the blazer in the first picture looks crap. 




 might be good to include your price range. 




 you can program a game using the Commodore, you can't on the arari or the coleco.in the most basic sense I guess every console is technically a computer, but not really. 




 Search, then post... 




 The commodore was a computer, and no one ever took sides with the colecovision.

 




 I received an email stating that my account info was changed.  For some reason there is no button in the email to say no it wasn't.  All of my information was changed, so i can't retrieve my account.
I had no credit card info stored, and 10 dollars in my "wallet".  My library is all backed up.
Is it worth calling customer support? is there anything they can do? should i just bite the bullet and make a new account? 




 Madvillainy then mmmfood. 




 Jimmy boi is aiight 




 Rayman will last twice as long(if not more), and strider is half the price.  They are both great games, rayman is arguably better.  But i haven't had as much experience with strider.

essentially either way is a pretty good bet
 




 anyone else having this issue? Seems like it's trying to launch the full game. Giving me the error "you don't own the licensing"
baffled



Solved. If anyone else has this issue go to settings/psn/restore licenses 




 Absolutely not 




 tmtm 




 A lot less work than making 14k 




 people have been predicting these things every day for the last 10-odd years. lets take a break for the day. 




 Try soaking them more often.they will fade slower, but the denim will stay more healthy and less prone to crotch blowout. I almost never wear these because of all the holes, and am kicking myself for not soaking em more often.  




 Atleast you don't have to worry about indigo bleed ruining your shoes. 




 I started off with Venomancer, was pretty good too me. Lots of aoe and dots, can hold down a lane pretty well
 




 raw denims been becoming mainstream for a long time.  Similar to how street wear used to be exclusive to small boutiques, and now its available at zumies.


5 years ago you saw Raw denim at high-end stores/some boutiques, now you can get it at urban outfitters and macy's.

Not that there's anything wrong with that.

The niche market likes it, the famous people start wearing it, the rest of the world wants it. It is what it is 




 APC NS, roughly 1.5 years. 1 soak 1 wash.
http://imgur.com/a/bYUEq 




 ack, thanks for the info. 




 Just last week I upgraded my service to a triple play deal, because it worked out to be cheaper than my current tv and internet separate bill.  along with upgrading my internet from performance (25MBps) to 50*.
Today I go outside and find a box from comcast, inside was a technicolor TC8305C MONSTROSITY.  I called comcast to say I did not want it, only to find out I had a tech coming to my house in 2 days, I had no idea about this.
Currently I have a asus RT-AC68R, and a Motorola SB6121.  Am I going to need this outrageous technicolor box to add digital voice to my package?  Or is there an inline solution they can do.  I dont want another 2.4GHz device mucking up my signal (I have a pretty large house, and have a few devices stuck on 2.4 still)
Is my best bet to pay comcast for a phone line that I don't use, and continue paying AT T for my phone service? 




 February is probably a safe bet 




 True, the other day I got my jcrew selvedge chambray stuck between some pressing rollers at work.rather than being smart and turning off my machine I instinctively ripped my shirt out. I lost a button, and was amazed it didn't get torn at the stitching.if their quality starts to diminish I'll just have to go elsewhere. 




 In the summer, sometimes.also depending on the cut of my pants. 




 http://www.retrospecbicycles.com/cranksets.html
I have a 197X austro daimler AD S, which im trying to convert as cheaply as possible, hence why i'm looking at retrospec.
Just getting back into cycling, and don't want to drop a lot in case its just a passing phase.
Also if anyone has recommendations on quality budget cranksets/wheels I would love to hear. (as quality as budget can be) 




 Deus Ex collection includes (Augmented edition of Human Revolution, and invisible war) 




 Online sales are also not taken into account 
























 30 fps is acceptable in every game except for fighting and driving games. 




 No open world.... 




 No pools... 




 Not sure about that,I do know that you can transfer all ps3 content to a ps4 if you were to buy the game on ps3 then eventually get a ps4.  So worse comes to worse he could just activate everything on ps3 then transfer to ps4 then start playing. 




 I took public transport for a few years during college.  You just have to keep trying, eventually the motion sickness goes away. 




 Resogun plat.  Sports friends and strider I played a whole lot of, don't know if they count because I bought them on release. But they are great. 




 Play them on your phone.  If you really want then get a bluetooth controller. 




 I've played one character for 300 hours, might as well see the new season uniques.  If you don't wanna play season then don't.. 




 It held attention in Diablo 2 for many many many years. 




 Err misread a little thought I saw 2 weeks of wear.  Yah maybe exchange for a size down.  But yah they look like they will wind up looking like a ns type fit, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. 




 They look good at the block and calf the knees are a little baggy, you could try wearing them higherup on your waist.  They look a little low 




 No reason not to.  At the end of the season your season character becomes a regular character. 




 Account bound items 




 I mean the wheelset will be $100 minimum, then you need a single speed crank which is about $45 for a cheap one, then you need to put pedals on the crank which will be about 50+ unless you go with $30 bmx pedals.  In order to put the new crankset on you will have to get a new bottom bracket for about $30-40, not to mention a new chain.  
Then if you want to start off riding with brakes you will have to get specialized brakes with long arms, because you will be putting 700mm wheels on a bike that once had 27 inch wheels, so the brakes currently on the bike wont reach the wheels.
Im not trying to get you down, just telling you the things I came across during my conversion.  What I though was going to be a sub $200 conversion turned into an almost $400 conversion real quick. 




 im just trying to say, an old conversion is probably more expensive than he thinks. 




 Your best bet would probably be a cheap fixie, like a retrospec.  You're looking at around 250 in that bike plus parts, vs 250 for something cheap and brand new.  I just got myself over my head with a similar rebuild, although the frame has sentimental value to me, so I guess in the long run it was worth it.  Maybe look into pure fix, retrospec, or critical. 




 Thanks so much! At work desperately trying to recall what they said.Haha 




 So you can type with a controller.that would be great.right 




 When getting selvedge tapered you need to specify that they must taper the inseam.  You are probably out of luck, although your tailor did one of the best jobs at maintaining the selvedge line I've ever seen, it looks interesting. 




 I remember during the tavern talk they confirmed if you have unlocked adventure mode you can play through the new season starting in adventure, is that just softcore, or can you in hardcore as well? 









 Clarks are pretty comfortable, and look good with jeans. Great with chinos as well.  Something like these maybe.  I don't have any experience with hush puppies, so just my 2 cents.

http://www.shoes.com/Mobile/ProductDetail.aspx?originalReferrer=direct p=EC1390151 pg=5220384 campaign=Clarks CMP=KNC-adwordspla cpc=adwordspla gclid=CJ-BwJyhqcACFSdk7AodrCkAJA k_clickid=42bbb3f1-abb0-2d69-eb5f-00006d7b9a8a KPID=5220384-EC1390151-12.0M partnerid=adwordspla

 




 I'll be in on one if you do a second run lmk.  Love it. 




 Most avid pc gamers do have that hardware, true.but that won't keep a company afloat.  50-60 in a scene with nothing going on is not stable at all.  I agree with your last statement, but they released this video and now everyone thinks it's how games will look.  Ie darksouls and watchdogs. 




 Thanks! 




 Unstable fps, 720p to display empty rooms with minimal lighting.  On a computer that most people don't have. 




 That's because it probably is a movie. 




 "In action"not much action going on there.nothing for the consumer will look like that, and the internet will be angry. 




 First thing I noticed.  Can you change Keybinds at all?I couldn't find it 









 It's a normal practice.the games aren't developed on xbox ones... They are developed on computers.  If something is wrong with the demo I'd rather them be able to go in and fix it really quick rather than pack up and go home. 




 Size 12 normally, almost. 155lbs?  And I agree with charwinger21 you should get your true measurements and look for an unbranded sizing chart, unless you have a retail spot to try them on.ordering your first pair of raws can be tricky business. 




 My size and height exactly, tapered vs skinny is more of a personal preference.if you don't own many jeans and aren't used to jeans then I'd probably recommend the tapered.they should look great, and will be more comfortable for daily use.  Good luck.  Be warned they will feel really tight for a couple weeks while they stretch out a bit. 




 You take that back. 




 Also the blue jean bar by Fenway park,I believe they have railcar.Not sure what else 




 Forgot about ball and buck, is pretty new. I think they only carry tellason but check out out anyhow for sure. 




 Barneys of new York has apc raleigh n f, the wilderness workshop underneath the tannery has 3sixteen. The tannery in Harvard square carries baldwin amongst other brands, and it's next door to concepts which sometimes gets nice stock. Riccardi on newbury st is fun to browse if you have cash to burn, real high end type stuff.

Kaze shabu in Chinatown does a great hot pot.  Santarpios in east Boston does the best pizza in town, especially their anchovy (trust me).  If your looking for pasteries go to bovvas or modern, do yourself a favor and skip the hype lines at Mike's. 




 Sneaky peaky like 




 Half life 3 confirmed 




 @feltraiger is good for workwear menswear. 




 100% 




 Thanks anyhow, good luck 




 Usually on 12am to 5am est 




 Silver 2 looking to pug less.I'm not the best, but not bad.never played with a team and tried actual strats, but I have decent aim and good map sense.

If you ever need a fill in add me @ entangel 




 Gotta look for the rb etching in the bottom corner of the right? Lense 




 It's actually quite comfortable to ride, just need to sacrifice aesthetics and keep the saddle low. 




 Thanks, yah I know. But the frame has sentimental value to me, so figure I'll ride it until I save enough for a new daily rider. 




 Some cheap retrospec wheels and crank, but I wanted to get back to riding before the summer is over. 









 Gg deal on injustice for ps4. 8.44. 




 
What brake setup is that? Working on an old austro daimler and can't make up my mind on a lever. 




 Infamous looks the best, but wolfenstein is probably your best bet for a great game. 




 Pardon my ignorance, but what's the difference between surround speakers and regular bookshelf speakers?  I was looking at this setup. http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B009ZTGZOC?cache=bdf832dc73551381a6cc7b381b79eb7a#ref=s9_simh_gw_d0_g23_i2 pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER pf_rd_s=mobile-1 pf_rd_r=1NAKFZFDP8HYMSZJT9BC pf_rd_t=101 pf_rd_p=1634797062 pf_rd_i=507846

And was wondering if I eventually get towers if I could just use the surround speakers as rears.
Edit: also I'm mostly gaming how are the fluances for generated audio rather than acoustic/reproduction. 




 The 5 HDMI inputs are not a deal breaker, but they are looking very good.  Bluetooth I can take or leave, it would be nice but my chromecast works just as well.

I've been told that Yamaha receivers have the least amount of technical problems, as well as the least amount of features.  Opposed to Denon with the most technical problems, but the most extra features.  Apparently Pioneer falls right in the middle.  (who knows how accurate my source was on that one though)
Thanks for the input, I'm waiting for the towers to go on sale so I guess I will still keep shopping around on the best receiver to fit my needs. 




 Thinking about getting the new denon avr.s500bt with the Andrew Jones towers.  I need something under $500 that will sound good enough and will be worth expending into a 5.1 setup when I get more money.  I like the Denon, because it has 5xHdmi inputs and Bluetooth.  But I'm a little worried getting the lowest end model from any brand, are there any other receivers I should look into before pulling the trigger? And or any other comparable towers? 
Thanks in advance.

Edit: I'm not an audiophile by any means,I just don't have great hearing and my tv speakers are starting to sound a bit tinny at higher volumes. 




 Diablo series always worked for me.enough of the mmo hooks with not nearly the grind or attention needed, or even give path of exile a shot. 









 Comme des fuck on op... 




 Thanks, Yah I was completely unaware.  First time buyer, thought these things were pretty much set in stone. 




 Thank you, really the money wasn't the issue.  I was hoping asking for a ridiculous amount of money would push the seller to just leave on the 24th.  I don't care if the seller is homeless for 2 days, it's better than me being homeless for 2 days.  If I have no grounds to ask for money and the seller just says no then I just look like an asshole and nothing changes.  I suppose putting together an itemized list would be more professional, and probably work out better in the end.
Thanks again for your time and advice. 




 Two days is a big deal when now I need to rent a moving truck for 3 days instead of 1 just to store my stuff, I also need a place to store the moving truck because I wont have a driveway.  I also need to get hotel rooms for me and my mother.  Plus I need to pay a fee for canceling on my kitchen contractor with less than a weeks notice.  Also I have to take a docked day off of work as well because I'm giving less than 2 weeks notice.

Normally the agent has been very clear with me about everything, and explained document.  If he had any questions or needed to make any changes he gave me advanced notice as to what was happening next.  He sent me this last email with a subject stating "sign and return asap" and no body text.  Since emailing him back and saying "no" I have yet to hear from him. 




 I am buying a condo,  the terms of closing date were set about 3 months ago when we agreed upon a price.  Closing is supposed to be on Tuesday the 24th.  On Friday the 20th I received an email from the sellers agent with no explanation, just a docusign document trying to change the close date from the 24th to the 26th.  I'm guessing he was hoping I would sign without reading.  I sent him an email back saying I wouldn't sign, and when I talked to the bank lawyer about signing my closing documents I was told that the seller wasn't prepared to leave and needed to push the date back a few days.

I can understand that things happen, and if I was nicely asked rather than trying to trick me (the way I see it) I probably wouldn't be so miffed.  Do I have any ground to stand on in making demands?  If I were to say "I want the price to drop 1k for every day after the 24th" is that reasonable?

Sorry if this seems a little bit like a rant, but my childhood house is sold, my mother is moving across the country, and I'm stressed out enough as it is.  This was the last sort of stress I needed less than a week moving into my new place. 




 For 360-400 you can get a video card for a gaming pc.If that is your budget then get a ps4.If you have 1000+ to burn then get a gaming pc. 




 Devin the Dude, Cage (at one point, I havnt seen him since Hells Winter),  The Clipse was real fun. 




 I expected them to start testing payment models, but 2.99-4.99 for 4 hours. That's crazy.  I might, pay that price for a week.  It would price up with renting a video game from a video rental store.  Hopefully if no-one pays they will realize, it is beta after all. 




 [minimal sketch-book](http://imgur.com/QGRHTGg) bored work. 




 [print, laminate, cut and bind.. every day](http://imgur.com/a/d35BE)
Also a random design I'm finishing up.  Seriously need to find a way out of the factory life.
 




 How does Dwayne suck so many dicks in one day? 




 Constitution is great, tucked out of the way and generally pretty quiet.  The playground and basketball courts are nice if you're the having family sort.  Granted I haven't been there in a few years, for all I know it could be all pavement by now. 




 Hippies... ancient Egyptians didn't have work boots.if I had to work construction and could only wear sandals I'd probably wear socks as well. 




 Look great, not often enough seeing interesting denim in Boston. 




 whatever console your friends are playing it on. 
























 Vermont flannel co make great quality flannels for under $100.  I've done factory work in mine many days a week for the past 2 winters.  Make sure you size way down, this is an x-small..I'm 5'11 155 lbs

http://imgur.com/w3A2tjI  

 




 Were they women you knew before and then after, or just recently met.  Sometimes a sudden complete change in looks can be a bit jarring for old friends.  If you just met them, don't worry about it.  Maybe they just like men that wear sandals with ae bootcuts, and you don't really want those types to be hanging around anyhow. 




 There is a game in this file/disc 10 out of 10.

900p minus 1 point.

30fps minus 1 point.

Consensus 8 out of 10.

Objective reviews are really fun to read right? 

Essentially, cosign! 




 They must have caught up on the 08-09 GPU failing class action lawsuit.  
edit:07-08 and it was an nvidia class action, my bad.  But here's a source from that if anyone was interested.

http://appleinsider.com/articles/10/09/29/07_08_macbook_pros_included_in_nvidia_class_action_settlement 




 These ones, but i mean those boxing ones are pretty damn hype.. heh
http://www.highsnobiety.com/files/2014/10/alexander-wang-hm-collection-39-960x640.jpg 




 Jusdan rules 




 Fair point, didn't even think about the generational leap.  I like the idea of expansions mainly because if you have friends that don't buy them right away you can all still technically party together albeit on old content.

I would like to see their numbers though on what would sell to a higher % of the current user base.An expansion or a sequel.  I know people still haven't made the leap towards accepting a digital only purchase. 




 An expansion is not a sequel.  Everquest has survived 16 years and is still making expansions.  Their sequel flopped horribly.  World of Warcraft has thrived for 10 years, and making world of warcraft 2 would be a mistake.

Obviously in an expansion you will use the characters you have right now, so why make a sequel? 




 Confirmed? there has been a lot of hearsay but I hadn't heard any confirmation.  I don't see any reason to make a sequel, it will just fragment the community. 




 Those gloves look nice 




 Resin in a crack pipe will probably get you possession if narcotics, especially if you are a common offender.  Plus if the bike was over $400 it's larceny, class A misdemeanor 3-5 years, I believe. 




 So when 40k people are trying to watch a world class dota2 tournament they will get sent to random small streamers?

  I don't care for a lot of the huge streamers (daily streamers) but telling people what they can and cannot watch is crazy.  Imagine if Comcast sent viewers of the breaking bad finale to pbs to spread viewers out more evenly, the internet would lose their shit. 




 Yea I'd like to see more stuff like this in the community, really glad I got one. 




 Thanks, I'm really happy with it. 




 There is only 1 game that is free on ps+ this month that is also offered on the psnow service.  I understand that their streaming technology probably costs them an insane amount of money, but offering that 1 game as a free to stream game from October 8 to November 5 wont bankrupt Sony.  They could put a countdown timer on the games icon, similar to the countdown on pre-loads.  "This game will expire on this date, if you want to keep playing you can rent it."

Offering this would also get people involved in the psnow ecosystem, if they play that one game for free and see that it works really well they are more likely to go in and spend money to rent things. 




 Haha wow, didn't think I was being that illogical. 




 It would be nice if ps+ subscribers could stream it for free from the first wed in October until the first wed in November. 




 I like the ps4 controller better, and my ps4 is in my living room.  It would be nice if I could stream it there, rather than bringing my ps3 back and forth between rooms.  




 Launch ps now, scroll down to the game that is currently on promotion on ps+ and instead of saying rent for 90 days for X-price it would say stream for free X days remain on promotion.
  
People would realize they were streaming the now version because they launched now to get the game.  Im pretty sure people are reasonably comfortable with launching the store and getting their free games for the month, so how much confusion would it cause.


Im not saying its the perfect solution, or that there is even a perfect solution.  But it would spread more good will towards their ps+ subscribers. 




 consistency across sony platforms is the key though.  It would be nice if ps+ subscribers could play the game via psnow for the duration of the ps+ promo.   




 they are both sony owned services, they should be able to control pricing on services they provide. 




 It would be cool if they would even let you play the game on ps now free for the duration of the psplus promotion.  If you are a psplus sub that is. 




 It's free with PlayStation plus, which I have.If I want to play it on ps4 my only option is to rent it for 6.99. Just saying consistency across psnow and ps store would be pretty nice. 









 12, Camera was angled a hair so they look huge.  Wish they were smaller though. Heh 




 Thanks, the shoulders are a hair narrow but the rest is pretty spot on. 









 50 tops.  15 for the games, 30 for the nes, 5 for the accessories. 




 I'd check and see if they have a dress code, and what it is.  Cap toe shoes/boots, or chukkah boots should be fine.  If you can get in wearing denim then go for the darkest blue denim you can find, go with slim or slim tapered.  You might feel weird if you are used to baggy denim, but you will look better.(so long as you really are slim, also depending on how tall you are).If jeans are a no go then try some slim chinos.  Personally I'd wear a slim cut button down, no tails so you don't have to keep it tucked in depending on if the rest of the crowd is tucked vs. Untucked.


Posting some shots of yourself will also help people guide you a bit better, and definitely check the dress code.You don't wanna be the one that keeps your group from getting in, unless you are rolling in with like 10 girls.then you might get in wearing your pajamas. 




 Good to hear, and another cheap security option.get an adt security sticker and put it on the door.  A petty thief probably won't risk calling your bluff when there are plenty of doors out there that don't say adt.  

My bike lives in my living room, but I have the luxury of living by myself. 




 http://imgur.com/a/Xi4uM
Managed to grab some 3t ergo drops and an angled origin stem for $20. Craigslist deal.  I've got big hands and got the hand numb thing every time I hit 15+ miles with the vintage 38cm drops (no flats).

  I know the aesthetic doesn't quite fit, but I plan on getting a new frame set this winter.  Something my size, and black. 




 That sucks.  You might want to show the receipt for your new bike to your building manager.  Don't be a dick, you don't wanna get on his bad side.  Maybe he will cut you a deal on rent.  At the very least he might consider improving basement security.  You could even try to get some of those fake security cameras.most petty criminals won't bother to risk stealing right in front if what looks to be a camera.

Best of luck! 




 I've been thinking about it, just for comfort.  Did you remove the lever so it's just the hood? 




 Left leg faded, right leg brand new.  Classic look. 




 Dang, I'll be in Montreal the 11th-13th.  :( 




 Soldier of fortune 2 




 mannn those combs
 




 The crotch is sagging about knee level 




 Wearing your pants that low is cheating.. 




 I had to get long reach tektro brakes in my recent conversion.  The arms can be set between 55-70 mm I believe.  And you will probably have to drill your fork for recessed bolts on modern brakes.  That's what happens when you go from 27 wheels to 700mm 




 Send em to self edge to get repaired XD. Never take the deal. 




 The men's stuff is hot garbage.  Gonna have to check out the woman's symmetrical and bootleg ass HARE tunnel neck sweaters in person. 




 Gap makes very durable, good looking windbreakers.  They might retail fairly high, but I picked one up off season for $8 on clearance.  You might want to check that out once the weather gets cold.  I figure your student might like wearing a jacket that is a similar material. 




 Should have bought a ps3 and that version of Destiny and kept smoking. 




 Vermont flannel co.flannel,
3sixteen st, Brown cdb's.

Getting cold again finally
 




 I found it comparable to kara or 10 man nax.  Certainly not end game progressing in wow.  The tricky part is the fact that the vast majority of people trying have never been involved in anything like it.
It's amazing that they managed to make a fun fps raid with a few relatively interesting mechanics. Been interesting stepping up to be somewhat of a raid leader dad and guiding people through mechanics though. 




 The asteroids moved, they wouldn't burn in like Pac man where everything was stationary. 




 I've been seeing a lot of people lately riding around with horns and drops that aren't taped.  Trying to understand why, lazy? Better road feel?  It just seems like it would be really uncomfortable. 




 That Hodor 




 Agree, I think they have better fits than the gap solid color t's.  Im pretty partial to my jcrew v necks though 




 They scale it well and all drops are geared towards your level.might as well cut the player base in half right? 




 I have a void rocket launcher but using that was hopeless, didn't even think of trying a large machine gun.it would probably speed things along, or at least it wouldn't hurt. Thanks for the advice. 




 I've played about 50 hours and am in all legendary gear except for my boots.  Tonight is the first time I've even been in the crucible.  Personally I like learning patterns and killing bosses.  To be honest this is the first time I've ever played a competitive first person shooter on a console.  It would be another story if I could plug in a mouse and keyboard 




 Limiting somebody to one specific type of damage, I find myself sitting in the corner with my void shotgun waiting for someone to run by to kill rather than being on the field helping my team.  I don't want to be in any danger because that makes my bounty slower to complete.  When I'm out of shotgun ammo rather than helping the team with another gun I'm running to find more special ammo, because kinetic kills are pointless.


I would rather do 100 strikes without dying than play one crucible match, not because I think the pvp is bad but because I don't like pvp in games.  I appreciate the fact that Bungie made exotic weapons bounties difficult to complete, they shouldn't be a cake walk but they have seperate pvp and pve vendors.  This means you should obviously specialize and primarily concentrate on one or the other aspect. Why not have separate pvp and pve exotic bounties?


I feel bad being in part of the game I don't want to be in riding the bottom of the leader boards, hopefully people are angry about this.  If someone was doing a strike with me stuck using only a shotgun I'd be pissed.
Sorry for this rant, but at this rate I'll be bringing down my team for over 500 matches... great. 




 I think everyone is instanced based on geographic locations.  Everyone I've met so far lives within an hour from me.  I don't much care for that, but it is what it is.
Edit.probably to help with latency 




 Tragedy khadafi and pharaoh monch. Shaped modern rap quite a bit in the late 80s.  Capone n noreaga did really interesting collab work in the mid 90s.   Ra the rugged man is really interesting, especially his work with biggie.  Cage's life story is out of control, his movies for the blind album might be worth digging into.  Oh and epmd before Capone and noreaga. 




 I'm guessing amour is rarer at higher levels, because it's how you level up.  Special weapons vs other weapon drops is probably just bad rng 




 A lot of cs:go streamers will play cs for the majority of their time streaming, every now and again they will play a round or two of something else to kill time and or wait for someone who may be afk or whatever.  Don't really see a problem with stuff like that, although I havn't really experienced anything extremely flagrant or excessive.
Plus changing the name of your stream is usually really temperamental for me, it seems to say I'm playing whatever twitch wants me to be playing. 




 How much will people willingly pay per month year round to watch a single tv show....  




 Xexyz was one of my favorites growing up, figure I'd throw it in because it isn't an obvious response. 




 Run your game in a window, and stream just the game.rather than a whole desktop screen region.  A second monitor would be way more optimal though. 




 ArmaniXchange=/= Armani 




 But you can guide this youth, and make sure he doesn't make the same mistake.  As for you... Don't wear sneakers to your wedding, in-laws hate that sort of thing. ;) 




 Just not to prom. 




 Cargo shorts and a tank top breh breh... 




 Marketing, and adequate testing. 




 Around 6th or 7th my school had a computer with sim ant.  Real rough life. Haha 




 Try http://www.reddit.com/r/frugalmalefashion/ 




 Polygons... My grade school had black monitors with green text... :( 




 Suspect website.  
Edit: they also wouldn't release that info the day before the ps4 version was released.  They want to sell more copies, not less. 




 Sure thing, on vacation until tomorrow so I only have my phone.  Once I'm back by my computer I'll send you a pm. 




 If you're gonna be in Boston let me know,I can throw you together a list depending on your style and budget. 
























