 why are you dragging Chevy Chase into this? 




 they also make a beer gut one  




 ahhh that's nasty" -Chuck E 




 obviously one of his new suits  




 Obama? Romney? You deserve better. Why not Zoidberg? 




 pretty sure this is him 
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bhuYIr1J1zc 




 I heard you like peckers. So I put a pecker on your pecker. 




 move to the ocean, have you not taken a look at it? you can't see the land under all the damn blue pinpoints 




 he looks like a butchered watermelon 









 would've been quite the head on collision  




 what else are you supposed to do when you get denied after a night of butt-chugging? 




 go home leg. you're drunk. 




 "which would be the most fun"* 




 looks like obese tina fey 




 i had to discount double check this one to make sure it wasn't Aaron Rodgers  




 racism...lol 




 bet that story was legen...hope you're not lactose intolerant...dary 




 no tits. what a shame 




 all four years 




 black people 
























 a grape with an unfortunate case of elephantitis 




 definitely Andrew Zimmerman from Travel Channel haha 




 god dammit nic cage 









 Chupacabraj* 




 he's a popsicle 




 "He has to play it as it lies, Doug. I had to play it off of bigfoot's foot" -Shooter McGavin 




 that baby obviously didn't want to be on Japan's version of 16 and pregnant 




 Atlanta aquarium  




 go to an aquarium stoned. one of the best days you'll have. 




 "ahh fuuuuuck" -guy flipping in air  




 this is all i see
http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/004/077/Raisins_Face.jpg 




 maybe the placement of the *caution* warning? 




 sometimes it feels good to just pee your pants 




 still smarter than the entire cast of Jersey Shore put together 




 how is M Night Shyamalan supposed to make a bad movie with a huge twist in such a tight squeeze? 




 wee-man's balls are too cute  




 about to eat a sloppy joe. i swear if i get a fingernail  




 Faces...what r u doin...faces...stahp!!! 









 too bad the lakers have lost 11 straight including preseason  
























 exactly what it's like at Campises in Dallas
 









 Hotty Toddy! 




 Snakon 




 anyone else read that with the voice of Bruce from family guy in their head 




 not to sound like an idiot but he is in his grave still promoting stuff? 




 definitely looks like Chuckie when he squeezes the face in  




 looks like a mix of cam newton and rg3  




 I am starting to see the whole Deb poisoning herself theory to be true. Yes, Dexter found a blonde hair in the bathroom, but does anyone not remember the kids staying over at Deb's place because of Isaak being after him. The hair could of easily been Harrison's, but helped Dexter believe it truly was Hannah attempting to poison Deb. just saying 




 Normal people can see a horse, geniuses can see a frog, but everyone will see Sarah Jessica Parker 









 I feel bad for the gangloff picture...no one points it out  




 meow means meow 




 fail
 




 Got Milk! 




 if you look into his eyes he slowly turns into Morgan Freeman 




 Roll tide  




 PCP it's dynamite 




 deyyy toook arrrr jobbbsss 




 all I can think is Puff Daddy missing Biggie and Jesus seeing him  




 my bad 
























 tits or gtfo 




 goodbye kitty 




 oh bo 




 9/10 would bang  




 national beer of texas  




 http://a3.ec-images.myspacecdn.com/images02/121/54f575314b564a309b2f90cb1036e7af/l.jpg 




 represent the big D 




 mind blown 




 must be painful  









 uhhh...you're home early 









 Ap chemistry bitch 




 Snatch is an awesome movie  




 all he is thinking at that point is, "fuck da police" 









 American here. You're 110% correct. 




 this would be a pretty good "when you see it...or them" 




 send him to Maury 




 probably painted when we were in god damn 'Nam 





























 http://www.allouttabubblegum.com/main/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/Thank-God-For-Rednecks.jpg
  




 for a Thai restaurant they serve a delicious iceberg lettuce  




 click,click......click,click,click,click..........boom 




 Spider-Cat 




 Leo in Django. Lively as fuck. Think it would be amazing. 




 If you're in Bama, then it's a baby, he's the dad, and her brother  




 New Conspiracy: The government is secretly growing a pacmen army 




 the others are yelling at their dads...oh wait they're gone 




 Jack Nicholson really needs to stop dressing up as the Joker 




 Niceee 









 *puts on sunglasses* yeeeeahhhhhhh 









 definitely came here to say that that is from gonewild. i only know this because well you know...for science 




 looks like he's making a Stifler face 




 I call bullshit  




 does anyone else wanna see his Joker diary? 




 no more dead cops  




 that escalated quickly  




 one of Dennis Rodman's games 




 it would be great to see an action figure of Oscar Pistorius 
























 I shit my pants just watching that  




 oh what up Lake Highlands 




 that is more like the sound my stomach makes while taking a final or any test in general 




 If I fits, I sits. 




 look ma' no paws 




 two in the middle look like George Sr and future Michael Bluth 




 "no more dead cops" 




 *clap* *clap* 




 is that a shit? 




 hitler sloth 




 Paula Deen would answer in an instant  




 it's the Internet, you can be whatever you want, yet everyone is an asshole 




 first time posting! be nice! -Dog 




 Chris Brown approves 









 more lemon pledge on aisle 1 




 definitely just updated all my apps 




 Dat neck  




 looks gay. must be tosh. 




 she wants the C 




 just give me a sticky hand and I'll be fine  
























