 When I'm playing and I level up, I always click the little box to upgrade a skill. However, I was watching a video today and it didn't look like the guy playing clicked on the box to level his skill up. Is there a keyboard shortcut for this? Thanks (: 




 Exact same thing happened to me, i sent a ticket in, but they take forever to answer so i don't know what they'll do 




 I completely agree. The Capital Wasteland was amazing and just filled with a good looking and somewhat unique environment. New Vegas was kinda bland with that. It was basically miles upon miles of nothingness with a few towns and caves scattered. Nothing like Fallout 3. I think there were more locations in DC alone that the entire Mojave desert 




 Yeah, that's definitely what I'm going to go for now. I didn't even think of all of that, plus with my friends being able to play ranked they'd probably ask me to play too and screw my elo up early on 




 Thanks, I'm definitely glad I asked here first (:
 




 Well I generally only play a game every day or two so I figured getting one based on days would be a waste. But thanks (:
 




 Well I just got some RP for the new TF skin, and I have enough left over for either a 10 win XP boost or the 4 win IP boost. I'm only level 19 since I don't play too much, so the xp is pretty useful. Anybody wanna help me out here? Because I really don't know what to get. 




 Definitely the most useful thing out there so far. Thanks (: 




 That just sounds amazing actually 




 I hope so
 




 Wasteland 2? Never heard of that one. How is it? 




 I seriously hope they give us something 




 Damn, this is going to be a bitch of a wait 




 Has there been any information released about the next Fallout game? I know there's all these rumors about in being in Boston, but has there been any solid information given about it yet? 




 YES! 




 You beat me to it! 




 Sounds about right XD 




 fuck bitches get money 




 DHAB  FBGM 




 corporate espionage  




 [answer] (/spanumbrella) 




 Fuck that episode. Fuck everything about it. 




 King of Prussia lego store?
 




 This was used in the SA forums when they created Slenderman. About a quarter of the way through page 10

http://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=3150591 userid=0 perpage=40 pagenumber=10 
























 I've never even heard of own3d, but I'll have to check it out when I get a chance. Thanks 




 What did you use for streams, twitch.tv? 




 I know what you mean about the game mechanics, because that's where I'm at now. I just suck at the champions xD 




 Oh, I try that. A lot. And since I have so much free time I basically get a good understanding of the champs in a week from all the games I play. For example, I bought Rumble when he was on sale a few weeks ago. First few games sucks until I really figured him out, and then out of nowhere I started getting games where I could go 24/7/9 (which is a billion times better than usual). But after about 4 games of that I started declining again until he was just like any other champ that I would play. Although I'm sure there is a champ that I'd be able to be good at, I also don't have the patients for it. When I do bad I tend to get demoralized pretty quickly to where I just stop trying to play whoever it is. And after writing all that, I'm realizing my problem. I'm not patient enough to do this champion roulette. I just need to extend my patients for a while until I solve it. Thank you mystery summoner, I think you just indirectly solved my problem for me.

TL;DR- I'm not patient enough and I need to work on it. Thank you. 




 Any idea on how I do that without getting flamed at every game? 




 Well /r/leagueoflegends, I've been coming to you for most of my LoL questions for a while now, and I have another. I've been playing LoL for a year or two now. In that time I've extensively tried every position and a large portion of the champs, and still can't find anything I'm good at. I'm not horrible anywhere, but not good enough to consider it to be my thing. Should I just give up at this point? Because I don't really see any options when it comes to laning positions and champs 




 Not to mention his ability to summon fruit. You'd never go hungry. 




 I probably end up getting the armor pen then for harassing, thanks for that 




 so do you think I should grab armor pen runes? 




 Oh wow, This is great actually, and it's from two days ago. Thank you so much 




 I actually went on there a little bit ago, but I really didn't know how to navigate through. I'll go check that stream now though, thanks 




 Hey guys, I have a few questions. Well I usually play a solo top bruiser, and I was thinking about going for Renekton. So first of all, is he a viable top lane champ? I know loads of champs are pointless these days, so I figure I should know that before I get him. If I do though, is there anything I really need to know to play him successfully? I've looked at his moves and everything, and I know that having over 50 fury gives them special effects, but is there anything else about him that separates him from the other bruisers? And finally, is there any certain item(s) that I definitely need to get? I know some champs have items that mesh perfectly with their moves, so does he have anything like that? Thanks (: 




 thank you 




 thanks 




 Stupid question, but when I see a comment on a /r/leagueoflegends post, They always have this little thumbnail of a champ. How do you set it? 




 shit, I better start using that 




 Also, does playing with your screen unlocked really help that much? Because everyone else seems to do it but I never really tried 




 Oh I know that, I'm just saying that i know how to play the character when I'm in bot games and all, but it doesn't transfer over to normal pvp at all 




 I watch some games, but it's generally just the tournaments. I'll definitely check this out now though, thanks! 




 Alright /r/leagueoflegends I need your help. I've been playing LoL since the beginning of season two, so by now you'd think I would at least be somewhat good. Well I'm not. So basically, I need some tips on how to seriously improve my pvp skill. When I play bots I'll go like 36-4, so I would think that I can at least go like 15-8 or something against real people, but I just can't. My average score is probably around 7/11/13 no matter who I'm playing. That being said, I tend to either play support or solo top. So is there anything you figured out while playing that seriously improved your game?  




 Just finished watching that episode 20 minutes ago XD 




 That may be the best thing I have ever read XD 




 Well, that's simple enough. Thanks guys (: 




 Everyone -___- 
























 Unfortunately, I cannot disclose that information 




 You have ruined my life... Well the next ten minutes, but still 




 9:11 every day 




 I hope you die 




 An upvote to you sir 




 Guess I'm not so bad after all 




 Basically... 




 Oh, not at all 




 Eh, can't say it involved stealing, so no 




 It's cool not Corey 




 Noooooo, you're waaay off 




 Not quite 




 Well in that case, no. No wives involved in this crime 




 That's what cops say to catch people who think that! 




 Omg.... you're a cop....  no crime here... 




 Are you with the feds? 




 You can say that..... 




 Not enough to count for anything 




 My partner in crime! 




 Well, nobody really knows yet. That's the fun part... 




 You! 




 Another good question. Truth is, I'm actually infamous! 




 Good question. Luckily for me my name is totally original, although some day I'm sure there will be 1000 Coreys named after me. 




 Just your average Corey, ask me anything! 
























 I know the feels, same movie and around the same age. Probably the most scared I've ever been by a movie.  




 Coincidentally, my grandfather made this for dinner today and my grandma was pissed because the two 'don't go together." 









 Even though it ended in disappointment on my part, that was definitely worth reading. Good effort for something so random! 




 The Railway Rifle is hands down my favorite weapon. I just wish you could get it in unmoddded F:NV. 









 YES! Came here to say that actually! Probably one of my favorite games from back in the day 




 Fucking hermit crabs. Don't ask me why, but those things terrify me.  




 Just got mine yesterday, 98 Cadillac sts. What was yours and what's your best story with it? 




 Hey /r/Cadillac I got my first car yesterday, the 98 sts! Let me start by saying that I love it, it drives nice and is pretty quick. However with it being over a decade old I'm sure there are some things that I can do to make it better. Any suggestions on what I can get done? 




 I'm surprised nobody said Bully. It really hits you right in the feels at several points. 




 This. Once I started the only thing that stopped me was the energy running out, and then I was right back on it when it came back. 




 Mine would be pretty sick :( 




 Mashed potatoes.. Imagine sticking your hand in that on a hot day 




 Back when I was a kid I had this dream (reoccurring for months) where I was at a carnival-like place and these Smurfs with knives would chase me around and eventually kill me. Then i would appear back at the entrance and it would keep happening until I woke up. May not be as bad as some of these, but it kept me from ever watching the Smurfs again. 




 Donkey Kong 64.. That game was simply amazing to me 




 That was the most depressing thing I've read all day...  




 That's actually exactly what I was talking about. Thanks for that 




 I really don't know the technical term for this because I just started playing recently, so I'll give an example. The tabs I found for the song raining blood have you holding the eighth fret of the fifth and fourth strings, and then you have to go to the ninth fret and then back (only playing these two strings that is). However, when I try it I can't make the transition without it sounding bad. So first, any tips would be appreciated. And if someone knows the term for playing two strings at once, please share. Thanks (: 









 I read the first three paragraphs about 4 times thinking I had misread it. Then I got scared that North Korea just took over the world. Then I saw the name of the website -____- 




 My god. I wish there was something like that around me. 




 Alright guys, I'm on a mission to get a picture of me holding a sloth before the summer comes. Unfortunately, I live in Pennsylvania. So does anyone have any idea as to where I can go to hold a sloth? 




 Well.. 
























 Was on a camping trip with some friends, in which we all smoked weed and we're drinking. A girl that I had invited brought a friend along that none of us really knew. As I stood there giggling at nothing and everything due to the bud, she looked me dead in the face and said "you're a drug addict and I hate you." it took me completely by surprise as I hadn't done anything to this girl and had just been standing there happy as fuck. For some reason this was the most offended I have ever been to this day.  




 Next time I'm definitely avoiding the mirror, that shit was too weird 




 Thanks for the advice, I'll probably just end up waiting then. No point in fucking my body up for a high.  




 I read about that actually, but I really rushed this for my first time. Honestly the nausea wasn't as bad as I expected and during the trip I didn't get the soreness that I've read about in other reports. I'll definitely try it next time though.  




 I also had a few questions about tolerance. I would like to try this again in a stress free environment, because I feel like it could really be a great drug. How long do I have to wait in between doses? If I were to take 600 seeds in a few days, would I get similar results?  




 Hey there r/drugs, I just tried lsa for the first time and figured I'd share my experience. Took 300 seeds of heavenly blue morning glory, chewed to a paste in my mouth, and then swallowed after letting it sit in there for 20 minutes. 

After about an hour I noticed the effects starting, which at first was just insane euphoria. Put me in a great mood and made me want to keep trying different things around my house. 

After about 2 hours I started getting slight visuals, which at first was just that my floor was kinda swirling around and would raise and lower in waves. 

After about 4 hours, things started to go bad. I think this is when I really started peaking. I went into my bathroom and stared at myself in the mirror, amazed that everything I was looking at was exactly as it was around me. Then my face started morphing and it was like looking at a totally different person. The area around my eyes were black and really trippy looking. This kinda freaked me out, so I decided to just listen to some music. It was amazing. Sounded so real and so right, and I was also getting slight CEVs, which were just fractal patterns. It was then that I noticed the voice in my mind. I could hear my thoughts as if someone else were talking to me, and could only focus on one thought. Kept getting stuck in weird thought loops. Decided it was too freaky and went to sleep. Not an easy task when you have a loud ass voice in your head. 

Next morning rolls around as soon as I opened my eyes I could feel the liquid firey shit brewing in my stomach. It was probably the most disgusting thing I've ever felt, and I'll spare the details of its exit from my body. Other than that I felt totally normal, other than a really sore leg and back. Was in a weird mood for a few hours where I felt nothing, good or bad, about anything. This subsided by noon and since then I've felt great. Overall I'd say it went pretty bad, but that probably had a lot to do with my being stressed about having to wake up early and pack for the weekend. I plan on trying it again when I have nothing stressful on my mind, because it really was fun at first. Thanks for reading! 

Tl;Dr- peaked after 4 hours, felt like a small schizophrenic, and slept it off. Next day I pooped liquid fire for hours 









 I actually did 700 last night (probably my tenth time on it) and it was bullshit. Or so I thought. Got the typical visuals, like wavy walls and the weird see through blobs. Didn't realize I was actively hallucinating until I would have a convo with a friend, turn around and then they'd just be gone. Worst part was when I decided to take a shower, started it up, and realized I didn't have a towel. So I go to my room to get it and totally forgot about the shower. 2 hours later I had to piss and was getting angry because my roommate was taking so damn long in there. Took me a good amount of time to realize was I did.  




 I like to think so for myself. Was in a bad place after making horrible life choices, which when coupled with preexisting depression was pretty awful. Tripped one night with some friends and while they were having fun, I sat against the wall having insanely vivid flashbacks. I mean things I didn't even know I remember were coming back to me. It was then that I realized that my life truly wasn't as horrible and hopeless as I always thought it was, and that the issues I was dealing with at the time weren't going to ruin my life, but rather lead me down a new path filled with endless opportunity. Since then I haven't gone through bouts of deep depression as I always had, and I've had an overall positive outlook on my life and future. Since then, I can honestly say that I've been happy for the first time in my life. 

Edit: I should also note that I'm not a daily, or even weekly user. Smoke weed every so often, and trip like once a month. 




 Yeah that's what I use too! And I usually just save individual albums as playlists and choose one of them once the trip gets going  




 For me personally, music is what makes the trip. It's like the songs are unrecognizable, as they seem to slow down, and it also seems like extra layers are added that weren't there before. That's really the best way I can describe it, it's like the drug adds beautiful riffs that aren't there sober. As for artists, my go to trip albums always come from Floyd or the Grateful Dead. The solos become something amazing and special. Occasionally I'll listen to trap, but the best hallucinations I've gotten are with my two go to bands. 




 Hey there r/drugs, just trying to spark a discussion on my favorite part of tripping on dxm. I'd love to hear your thoughts on it, and I'd like to share mine as well! So some questions to get things going.. 
1) what type of audio halucantions do you get when you mix music with dxm? 
2) what are your favorite genres, artists, etc. while tripping 
3) how would you describe the difference it creates in the music to someone who has never tried it? 




 I'm glad Google is a thing, otherwise I probably would have always accepted that as a fact 




 At first I ft nothing. Then next thing I know I'm laughing at stupid shit, and I knew I was already fucked. It was one bowl. One. Now, I'm waiting cosmos with Niel De whatever tison. Mind is blown right now, and I think I'm still coming up.... I missed bud so much 




 I recently made a post about how a dxm trip opened my eyes and cured my depression. It was the trip itself however and not the afterglow that lifted the depression though, so that's pretty much just luck. If you're curious however, I was on about 1200-1500, not really sure of the exact dose.  




 Just overall not caring about anything. I can't think of the word I want to use right now, but pretty much nothing really mattered, everything and everyone were just bleak and there. And pretty much anytime I messed up I'd get thoughts of suicide that wouldn't go away. Before the trip though all of that was really intense for some reason.  




 Definitely a welcome change. It's like my mind is finally clear from some kind of fog. I was really surprised that it happened from a dissociative though, as I always thought it had the opposite effect.  




 Hey there r/drugs! I very recently had the trip of my life with dxm and thought it was definitely worth sharing. I'm pretty experienced with dxm, so large doses are pretty much the only way I can get my kicks (around 1200 this time). Typically I just get the robowalk, headspace, and music sounds freaking amazing. That combined with those crazy awake-dream things makeup a usual trip for me. 

This time however, it was totally different. I was in a pretty bad mental state before the trip due to my depression, and this led me to get seriously close to killing myself. Luckily my friends there stopped me. Anyways, I sat there in my depression crying like a little girl when I started getting these vivid memories. Things I could never remember before started flooding into my mind and before I knew it I was able to remember everything that's ever happened to me. Like things from when I was three and beyond became insanely clear, and I just sat there and watched my whole life unfold. After this I realized that my life is truly not that bad, and that the depression I've always felt has been for nothing. I gained an appreciation for life that I've never felt before. 

This was about 2 weeks ago and I can still just go back to all of those memories, and since then my depression has been nonexistent. For the first time I had a truly life altering trip. 

The reason all of this is so amazing to me is that for the past few years I've had different repressed memories come back after smoking bud, and every one seemed so crippling. But now that I've seen the big picture I've come to realize that for everything bad that I've remembered, I also have something to be grateful for. 

Tl;dr tripped balls on dxm and unlocked all of my memories, curing my depression. 




 This is the only comment on Reddit that literally made me throw my hands up and walk away laughing for a few minutes 




 I can totally relate to the last part. When I first started listening to Floyd I basically skipped to my favorite songs, but now I start on song #1 of the album and make sure it's not on shuffle. I think it also has a lot to do with the way they connect the endings and beginnings of their songs too. 




 Whilst afoot though the summer trees,  
I can't help but notice the beautiful green,  
and multitude of color through the leaves.  

As shafts of light weave and leave their sheen,  
I feel myself growing far more fonder,  
That I have escaped society's ween.  

But now my thoughts begins to wander,  
And I travel to a place in my mind,  
Where all I can do is think and ponder.  

And now that my mind is no longer confined,  
I realize that nature has cured me of being blind. 




 As someone on their way out of high school, I've never realized how true this is until now. A vast majority of our learning process (at least in my school) revolves around cramming every formula and theory into the students' heads without allowing us to learn to apply it and use it as a problem-solving tool. Honestly my senior year math (calculus) was the first math class I've had that truly requires the student to apply the skills they've learned, rather than just spitting information back out. There's a big difference between memorizing the rules behind differentiation, and actually possessing the ability to use and understand the processes behind them. 




 I broke my foot trying to walk on my hands once, so that was pretty ridiculous. 




 I'm not sure if it's like this in most places, but in my local head shop you are not allowed to say bong. Doing so will result in you getting kicked out of the store.. which I learned the hard way. 
























 I've lived in PA my whole life and haven't ever heard that term before  




 Thanks for the tip! I was just kidding there, but I'm actually very experienced with good old dexter and always choose something without acetaminophen  




 Or just chug that shit and enjoy a real mind fuck 




 Growing up and not having much of anything really sucked, but looking back it was such a great thing for my future. Now I'm working full time, about to get a second job. I think growing up like that really made me appreciate money a lot more. Just having extra money to spend on basically whatever I want was, and continues to be, the biggest shock. 




 dt;aj 




 As boring as that sounds, imagine a dream where you paint a wall. That's right, just you, a wall, some white paint, and a paint brush. Happens at least once every few weeks -_- 




 I'll definitely listen to some of their stuff tonight, thanks for the suggestion!  




 I agree with you on that. I feel like dxm slows music down and allows me to focus on more parts at one time, which comes together to make music sound fucking great.  




 Wish I listened to that while actually on dxm. Thanks for the link, I'll be using that song in my next trip for sure!  




 Just wanted to share what I believe to be out of body experiences with you guys! For starters I'm very experienced with dxm, and this is very common on my average dosage (~950). Never considered it to be an OBE until I was telling a friend about it and he suggested that it was indeed an OBE. 

Here's how it goes: once I start peaking I wrap myself up comfortably in blankets and sit on my bed against the wall. Once I close my eyes I feel my body start lowering through the blankets, through the floor, and downward into a void. I don't see anything per se, but it's a very clear and obvious feeling. Then I begin accelerating, faster and faster, almost like I'm climbing the initial hill of a roller coaster. Once I reach the top of this climb, I take off. My body is blasted through the floor, through the ceiling, and into space. 

I can make this last as long as I want, and can basically do it on command. It feels very similar to the salt and pepper shaker ride that they have at fairs. Anyone else have similar experiences on dxm, or any substance? 

Tl;dr take pills, fall through floor, end up in space 




 Had a serious debate with a friend over that dress. It is definitely white and gold!  




 Shampoo is the urethra is the worst pain known to man 




 Haven't heard of it. I'll look into it next time I order seeds. Thanks for the suggestion!  




 Also I've been using ginger capsules to kill the nausea. Really does the trick!  




 Yeah hbwr, shoulda mentioned that. And I've considered the exact, but my water is actually  chlorinated, which kills the lsa. Haven't gotten around to buying bottled water yet. I'll definitely give it a try next time.  




 Oh sorry! I used hbwr seeds  




 Lately I've been experimenting with LSA  and have noticed an extremely different set of effects based on regular dosage vs high dosage. When I took 15 seeds I had an insane night of extreme euphoria. It was honestly one of the greatest drug experiences of my life. However I have come to notice that when increasing the dose, it just becomes an extreme sedative. 

I still get the effects on time, where it seems to pass slow as hell, but instead of the euphoria I just get tired as hell. And instead of the afterglow that lasts a few days consisting of a great mood, I just get a good night's sleep. No after effects at all. 

The change in dosage was 15 seeds for euphoria, and 22 seeds for sedative effects. Anyone else notice this?


Edit: gonna sleep, as I took the sedative dose around 8:30. Looking forward to responses in the morning!  




 I tend to black out and do weird shit when I mix the two haha  




 As much as I love a good robotrip, the hangover the next day just hasn't been worth it to me. I've been experimenting with LSA lately, and that really won me over. Ginger caps or tea before hand has eliminated the nausea for me, and the euphoria is like nothing else. I'd suggest giving it a try, really great time. 




 Usually 650-800 if I'm going for good visuals 

I should also note that I do get negative effects from this, mostly just being unable to form any sort of understandable words.  




 Honestly I just enjoy taking it and waiting for it to kick in. I've never had so much fun staring at a wall waiting for something to change. Other than that, I really don't get the scary hallucinations that I do often read about. Usually just see weird opaque blobs slowly flying around my room. So in short, the visuals.  




 I love listening to floyd's album "Animals" when I'm on dexter. It's great sober, but so much of the album is guitar, so it is damn amazing when you're tripping on dxm.  




 Unfortunately not, though I plan to once I find a dealer that sells more than bud. And for me, pink floyd is where it's at. I'll play an album all the way through, and the difference between it then and sober is incredible. I've also listened to a lot of trap whilst on dxm, and that's always a good time.  




 My favorite part of every dxm trip is the music. I've taken huge doses just because I wanted to listen to an album or two during the  peak. Haven't quite experienced anything like it with any other drug.  
























