 Starship Troopers 




 Man, thank you so much for your in depth replies.  I didn't realize I had quite a few misconceptions about how these Airport Expresses worked.

Last night I sat down and figured out which units I could wire without the cabling looking like a mess, and really the only units that I would need to be wireless would be my office and my bedroom, which I don't really think would be running at the same time very often with the other three units.  I can't really run wire through the walls to hit the office or bedroom, because this is a rental house.  

My friend's setup is going to be a lot of fun, and I can drill wherever I want.  So all the Airport Expresses/Apple TVs will be hardwired.  He's trying to modernize an old Airstream trailer and he wants gadgets hidden everywhere.  I can't wait.

I looked at my current setup, and realized that my router has a max of 150Mbits per second.  We have two laptops running off of the wifi network, and a ps3 wired to the router that usually has a netflix stream playing.

I've decided I'm going to buy the refurbished Express richunclesam was pointing out and just build up this network one at a time.  I'll probably update the router by the time I add the third one.

Have you had any luck adding printers or hard drives to your airport expresses?  




 Thanks for the advice! I really appreciate it.  I can't wait to get this system up and running.

I did have a few questions:
*When you say ethernet connections, does that mean you have some of your Expresses actually wired to your router?  That does take away a little of the appeal of this system.  I was hoping not to have wires running all over the house.

*When you're not playing music through iTunes, do you use [Airfoil](http://rogueamoeba.com/airfoil/) or a similar program?  I've been listening to Spotify a lot lately.  Also, my roommate and I are musicians, and I didn't want to have to import all of our scratch recordings into iTunes before we listen to them.  Not a big deal, though.  Airfoil seems to be the program a lot of guides are recommending, but I wanted to get your opinion.

*Where did you end up purchasing all your units? 12 outputs sounds awesome, but really expensive if they're all new.  On the other hand, 12 hundred bucks for this much cool functionality is a bargain if you think about how complicated a setup this would be ten years ago. 




 I'm getting ready to hook up my house and a friend of mine's house with speakers and I wanted to use airplay to send music to each room.  I've looked at a couple of sites that said I could find the old model of Airport Express for around $30-$40, but didn't mention a good site to do so.  I've been hitting up ebay, but I forgot what a tremendous hassle that site was.  Does anybody have a recommendation as to where to find these, like maybe a bulk sales website?  Or is ebay still my best option?  Thanks! 
























 I'm trying out e-cigs again after going back to analogues for a few years. I work outside carrying heavy equipment, and the last time I tried e-cigs, they broke in my pocket. Either the batteries would die from getting sweat in it (I think) or they would snap in my pocket. I'm hoping the technology has improved and they'll hold up a bit better. Any thoughts? If not a more durable e-cig, maybe we could talk about the how you guys carry them when you're out and about... 




 A few years ago, I was hired to direct the pilot episode of a children's game show. The shoot went great, and there was a lot of promise for the show, like interest from PBS, Nickelodeon, etc.  I had never met the Executive Producer (who put up all the money for the show)  before, but his daughter was a child actor in town who I had worked with before, and he was a volunteer fire fighter, so I thought he was a pretty stand up dude.  

Until we were almost finished with the edit and I got a text from one of the producers to go look at the newspaper. Bam. He had been busted for having a ton of kiddie porn on his computer. 

Apparently he had funded the pilot with money embezzled from the volunteer fire department too. So, you know, double scum. 

Coda: One of the biggest, best projects I've had the chance to direct, and I can't put it on my rsum. Damn.  




 I'm not really a programmer, but I do own quite a few websites for mine and my friend's bands.  They're pretty low maintenance; I usually just install a content management system for them and try to help out if they run into problems.

Recently, one of the bands told me they started getting virus/malware alerts from their browser whenever they visited their site [Stuttermilk.com](http://stuttermilk.com).  I haven't been able to recreate what they were going through.  Does anybody here get a warning when they visit the site?

It got me thinking that I don't visit a lot of my sites often, since it's really only a hobby, there aren't usually many updates to any of the sites and I work 70 hour weeks at my full time job.  Is there an online service that could automatically scan my websites and check for problems, like hijackings and such?

I wasn't sure where to post this, if there's a better subreddit or website for questions like these, let me know.  Thanks! 




 Was given the nickname "Smurf" by Danny Trejo (I had blue hair at the time).

And I accidentally got sprayed by alien dog blood on the set of Predators.  

I don't think many people can claim either of those... 
























 The guys at work smoke pipes at work after lunch, and now that I've quit smoking,  (Two weeks! Thanks to you guys!) I feel a bit left out. Ideally I could find something with variable voltage that would work with all of the ego threaded things I have. 




 I just got an ego twist and a handful of clearos, and I'm wondering how to carry it around. It seems like it would snap in half instantly if i just had it in my jeans pocket  I was thinking about getting a metal cigar tube, but I wanted to hear what ideas you guys had.   




 What is the BAM? 




 Wow, that looks awesome!  Pricey, but I'm sure it's worth it.  What kind of atomizer or cartomizer do you use? 
























 Oh, cool!  Was he a camera operator, a director, or something else? 




 My good friend was the one fatality. We had drinks in his honor tonight at the Liberty. I can't describe how devastating this is.  




 Man, that's exactly what I was looking for when I was shopping for my current bike. Looks great! 




 How much does it cost to commission a pipe from him?  It didn't look like he had anything in stock 
























 I just got a new bike, a 2014 bmw 800 gs. Work's been crazy, so I haven't had too much time on it. Hoping to change that soon!

 http://imgur.com/rt4flDd

Here's my old bike, an 86 honda shadow

 http://imgur.com/7NA48cr 

 




 D. I. T. ? 




 A three month motorcycle trip through Asia. Still planning everything out, but I've started working 75 hour weeks at my job and saving everything I can.  




 Why transgenderism?  I haven't heard any controversy about that 
























 Same here. I'm on a TV show and we've done 7 straight months of 70-80 hour weeks. I'm ready to get out, but the skills I've learned don't exactly translate to other industries, so I'll kinda be starting from scratch. It sucks, because I love the actual job, but the hours are inhumane.  




 Well, the way we were gonna frame it is that, while we don't need a guy in the condor in those days, the rigging is more complex to get the movers onto the bottom of the condor basket and we could use the extra hands. It is a concern, though.  




 I'm the board op for a tv show that uses a lot of Lekos fitted with 800w HMI globes. A lot of times we send out guys up in 135' man lifts with 4 or 5 of them for our night scenes. The weathers particularly brutal today and I hate that we have to send guys up in the air in the freezing rain just to operate them for 8 hours at a time. 

Surely there's a moving light with equivalent output that we could send up instead that I could operate from my board.  I come from the film world and don't know a lot about moving fixtures so any suggestions would be welcome. I'd need to be able to shutter in the beam, change the focus and intensity, and ideally I could zoom and iris in and out.  It's also needs to be close to the intensity of an 800w HMI.

Anybody have any ideas?  Or at least an idea of where to look? You'd be making the lives of some poor shivering kids much more comfortable! 




 I love it. Tested it against the Triumph Tiger 800, which has much more torque. I liked the ergonomics of the gs better, plus it comes with a lot of nice little features. I haven't taken it too far off road cause I wanted it to be nice and shiny for at least a few weeks, but it's been great on the few rough dirt roads I've taken it on. Feeling good about its capabilities, and I can't wait to test it out on some rough stuff

Went on my first bigger trip with it recently out to New Mexico and West Texas, rode about 300 miles a day for 5 days, including riding through that huge thunderstorm last weekend for 7 hours. It rides great, really comfortable. The ABS saved my butt a couple of times, and the heated handlebars are awesome. Handled everything I threw at it

http://i.imgur.com/rbM4Ro3.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/mA80SCE.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/DXct2Ir.jpg 
























