 I don't know why, but one in awhile I see strange things, I don't really believe in ghost so I'm not sure what I would call them.

I honestly think it's caused by my horrible insomnia, I have suffered from it since I was eight and I also have frequent night terrors that sometimes turn violent, I have actually scratched myself or thrashing in my sleep has gotten me some bruises, etc. 

Anyways! I happened to find this subreddit and thought "why not!" 

So this is a couple of random stories of the things that happen to me.

My blood family bought this older house and it was in need of some semi-serious cleaning because the previous owners were kinda pigs...

I helped my Nana clean the house, it was a hard day of cleaning all the bathrooms, the rooms, the floors, and the walls. So after cleaning all day me and my Nana were both exhausted; we still had cleaning to do in the morning so we set up our air-mattress and both passed out on it. Later I was dimly aware of my Nana getting out of the bed, she also has insomnia so I assumed that she was having trouble sleeping. I just started to drift back off when I felt Nana climbing back in the bed, I muttered something unintelligible to her because I noticed she was climbing on top of me, I finally turned over to ask her "What are you doing?"

It wasn't my Nana.

A woman who looked like she was about in her thirties, she had long hair that hung in her face, she as crying. I have always had a hard time waking up when I do sleep, so my brain was having a hard processing what was going on. Between her distraught sobs I realized she was talking. "Please, please give me back my baby!"

Still confused I garbled out a confused question. "what baby?" I guess that was the wrong question because she flew into a rage, grabbed my neck, started to cry and scream. "Where is my baby?!" "Your lying!" "I know you know where he is!" 

I honestly don't know what happened after that, but next thing I know Nana was shaking me awake. I had freaked her out because she came back in the room to me chocking and struggling to breath in my sleep. I didn't tell her about the woman.

After moving into the house I would see that woman in brief glances or hear her crying. 

The other two "things" in the house was a little girl who wore a bright yellow dress, she liked to giggle and would stay just out of my sight or I would hear her giggle while she hid behind my computer chair, she would giggle even harder when I would try and catch her. The other was a cat that didn't really exist. I don't know why, but I thought it was a boy and I stared calling him Pepper. He was a friendly cat who would sit by me while I played games on the computer or would sleep with me.

I have no idea how or why I see these "things" I have gone and gotten tested for schizophrenia, because I was really worried that maybe I had it. It would be much easier to deal with this if I had some idea of what is "wrong with me" 

I have more stories, but not sure if I should post them or not...but I'm more curious about your stories or advice about similar experiences. 

Thanks for reading loves!

*Noobly*




 

















































 Eh, the doctor said I didn't show any signs of having schizophrenia, he said that it's most likely caused by my lack of sleep...which I honestly like to believe is the cause. 

The only reason they bother me so much is that I have had sleep hallucinations it's normally the same thing, which is that objects will turn into snakes. It startled me the first time my pencil turned into a tiny snake, but now I'm so used to it that when it does happen I just ignore it.

Insomnia is a bitch hun! lol

But in all seriousness...I honestly don't know why I see these things, I don't think I'll ever know. 

Which might be for the best. O.o 
























 Hmmm...I see what you mean now, but I did put a little bit of blue in the darker skin tone. 

I never thought of purple before...I have tried green, but they always look to..."mucky?" can't think of a better word. Any other advice love? If you don't mind that is.  
























 Thanks for the suggestion love! I have tried that before...last time didn't go so red hot. 

I also suffer from sleep paralysis and there was actually a time I was having nightmare, I told myself it was all just a dream and managed to wake myself up, only problem was...I couldn't move. 

I have also suffered from this since I was little, but it very rarely happens. The first time it happened to me I was so scared because my eyes were open in my pitch black room, the only thing I could move was my pinky on my left hand.

And being a little brat still I was convince that I must be dying and cried my eyes out silently because I couldn't even make a sound. Finally passed back out from crying and woke up the next day fine.

I don't freak out as bad anymore, but sometimes I get this overwhelming feeling that something bad is going to happen, which I hear is pretty common for people suffering from it.

Which makes sense because not being able to move or make a sound...trapped in your body. Ugh...! Gives me the willies!  
























 Hmmm...if there really was a woman who lost her baby, I wonder why she would think I would have it? o_o

Also, I haven't lived in that house since High School. Not sure how I would research that, I wonder?  
























