 The ability to give weathermen boners. 




 Obama would have Hitmonlee 




 Unidan's alternative accounts 




 Is the secret mission just speculation? 




 Ok thank you, just what I needed to hear. 




 I am on my 9th round and I just received a set of Heart Scales, but they don't show up in my rewards. How many rounds can I go through? 




 America and Canada are like the Avengers, uniting together after a tragic death. 




 Why is this not top comment? 




 I don't think anybody who commented understood this reference. 




 What can you transfer and what can't you? 




 M'lady *faps to dora* 




 Looks like the [real Boba Fett](http://static.squarespace.com/static/51b3dc8ee4b051b96ceb10de/51ce6099e4b0d911b4489b79/5399e1b2e4b0982b2321c919/1402679227456/boba-fett-definitely-doesnt-look-as-cool-with-his-helmet-off-preview.jpg?format=1000w) 




 Damn, this made me really sad for some reason. I just want to give her a hug. 









 Ok, thank you! Love the whole video! 




 The clip at 2:10 with a the back of some guy's head giving a speech or something to a bunch of people in gray jumpsuits, sitting down. 




 The clips with all those people in the gray jumpsuits, where are those from? 




 Came here to say this, lol! 




 Oh so sorry m'lady, it's not often you see a beautiful woman such as yourself on sites such as these. You must be very intellectual, are you an atheist by any chance? 




 It's a secret or I wouldn't understand? 




 Here's the thing. You said a "black person is in prison."
Is it in the same family? Yes. No one's arguing that.
As someone who is a scientist who studies blacks, I am telling you, specifically, in Ebolatology, no one calls black people prisoners. If you want to be "specific" like you said, then you shouldn't either. They're not the same thing.
If you're saying "negro family" you're referring to the taxonomic grouping of Niggerae, which includes things from niggers to negroes to lightskins.
So your reasoning for calling a black person a prisoner is because random people "call the black ones prisoners?" Let's get sandniggers and mexicans in there, then, too.
Also, calling someone a nigger or an ape? It's not one or the other, that's not how taxonomy works. They're both. A nigger is a nigger and a member of the negro family. But that's not what you said. You said a black person is a prisoner, which is not true unless you're okay with calling all members of the negro family niggers, which means you'd call lightskins, sandniggers, and other races prisoners, too. Which you said you don't.
It's okay to just admit you're wrong, you know? 




 My friends joke that I am Jewish because I have a big nose, guess I am Jewish now! 




 Which guy? 




 My favourite from that episode is when he says he's 2/15ths aboriginal. 




 It says Iron Man is 6 foot 5 but isn't Downey Jr. shorter than 6ft? 




 Thanks for your answer and I will definitely check out that book! Thanks! 




 These days, you can't talk about war veterans without talking about PTSD. It gets a lot more attention now than it did a while ago, and I was wondering how it was back in the times of muskets and even swords. Did it happen as commonly as today? Was it treated as a real problem? How did people 'cure' it? 




 "If I'm dead, you guys have been dead for weeks." 




 "Ow, fuck!" - Roald Dahl 




 I heard a story of a temp becoming the VP of Dunder Mifflin 




 If you had a blacklight, it would look like a Jackson Pollock painting 




 Did you enjoy this picture? YOU JUST ENJOYED ONE OF HITLER'S ARTWORKS 




 came here to say this 




 I can't get over that final picture where he looks like he's screaming 




 [My entry](http://i.imgur.com/JDdWKDv.jpg), and just a reminder to watch out for Pokerus. 




 John Oliver? 




 [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLAU6jF0qwY) is the test footage. 




 If you hadn't become an actor, how would your life have turned out? Thanks for doing this AMA! 




 Shouldn't that underage girl from the Fappening be in trouble now? 




 [This](http://tshirtroyalty.com/products/square/87421.png) 









 Teefury! 




 [This one](http://www.fjackets.com/buy/Guardians-of-the-Galaxy-Chris-Pratt-Jacket.html) is a tad cheaper. 
























 [event] Gengar is female, Timid nature, 17/13/21/25/27/17. Offers must be nicknameable. 




 I often get these kinds of thoughts. I suddenly become aware of how easy it would be for me to just whip out my dick and rub it on random people. 




 Nice try. 




 Yeah I know, the problem is I need to shoot from farther because the camera lens doesn't have the greatest macro capability. 




 HAHAHAH This is incredible, you are incredible. 




 The only good thing that came out of this tragedy is that it really helped us unite with our brothers down south. 




 Yeah it was crap, but [Peter Parker actually uses Bing in the movie.](http://media.comicbook.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/peter-parker-uses-bing.jpg) 




 About halfway up the thigh, I guess. 




 Andrew Garfield's Spiderman would find you in an instant. 




 Getting your penis amputated or getting your leg amputated. 




 They swim inside of my ballsack. 




 Tom Cruise. 




 If you didn't have a good sense of scale, how did you know how big to make the planes? Anyways, looks really interesting! 




 1. 22

2. 4 




 /r/titlegore 




 My mantras are "I will work harder", and "Napoleon is always right." 




 Any Malaysian Airlines plane. 




 Being half awake in the morning and hearing the people around you getting ready to go to work while you get to sleep in. 




 Use it on Emma Watson, duh. I don't care how immoral or insincere it is. It's Emma freakin' Watson. 




 Hire a bunch of clowns. However many 50 million dollars can buy. Nothing else, just clowns. 




 I jack off to magazines. 




 iPhone. Then they'd make me a bunch of shitty movies about me after I die. 




 My pubes have gotten so long and I am too lazy to trim them so now everything I wear is so uncomfortable.  




 "Say my name."
"... Helsingborg."
"You're goddamn right!" 




 I wouldn't punch him. It looks like life punched him and he never fully recovered. 




 I am a big fan of Louis CK, and I would love to know more about how he was on the set of parks and rec, as Dave. What is he like in person, and while working on a show? 




 Hey Amy, big fan. I was wondering who your main influences are as a comedian, who you wanted to be like when you were first starting out? 




 Christina Terranova, to be exact 









 He made a fool of himself when he left the house wearing an eyebrow ring. 




 This gives me a reason to keep myself alive for the next 5 years. 




 "I work with a group called 'Doctors without Diplomas'" 




 Ayyyyy lmao 




 /r/dadjokes xDD

edit: I'm a Jew btw ;) 




 And his cunty friend [Roman](http://3g28wn33sno63ljjq514qr87.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/Screen-shot-2014-04-10-at-8.11.45-PM.png) 




 If Warner Brothers revives the Harry Potter franchise with a new storyline, are you going to be making an appearance? 




 Thanks :) 




 Thanks so much, buddy! 




 I just learned of this recently in my high school history class. At the Battle of the Granicus, Alexander the Great was about to be killed by Spithridates, a satrap, from behind. As his arm was striking, Cleitus the Black severed his arm just before he could deal the finishing blow. Cleitus the Black was a commanding officer of Alexander. I did a project on the battle. It was really like out of a movie. What's ironic is, later in Alexander the Great's conquest, he killed Cleitus in a drunken quarrel. 




 She's streets ahead if you ask me. 




 Thanks! 




 [How wude!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKb0c7jW1gQ) 




 Have you accepted Peter Quill as your train_subject1846? 
























 Is it bad I watched the whole thing? 




 It actually looks like he's shoving it in there in the background 




 Come on man, there's tons of other stuff to jack off to on the internet. 




 I did as well. My team: Sceptile (Redding), Milotic (Marvel), Armaldo (Malcolm), Camerupt (Pratt), Dodrio (Ellie), and Glalie (Lennox). 




 Ok, thanks a lot! 




 Where does it reappear? 




 I used that Dragon Ascent move on him and it completely destroyed Deoxys, but I wanted to catch it. Will I get another chance or no? 




 Thanks a lot, buddy! 




 Ok, I've added you and I'm online. 




 Ok thanks! Let me know when you're available 




 [Casual] I dont have much to offer but I can give a rare candy as a reward or something like that. Thanks!

 




 What was that? All I see is ********** 




 It's probably a school computer's wallpaper. 




 History: the only job you're gonna get is teaching history 




 Chocolate shake! 




 See, this is the kind of shit that makes me hate our society. You're saying the darkness, AKA black people, needs to be driven out by the light, AKA white cis males. That is so wrong on so many levels. 




 Cum on girls' faces. The animals probably look at us like 'Jeez, you're doing it all wrong!' 




 WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY TO ME YOU MOTHERFUCKAIR? 




 Hey Yao! What's the worst physical drawback to being so tall? 




 Sometimes you gotta go back, to move forward 




 Inspect element. 




 Pam and Jim? 




 I know that photography can distort the image of the stars, but please tell me that's how it looks in person? 




 What does it mean to 'lack a chin'? 




 You're right, but it actually was on the Tonight Show, not Late Night. And it was on a segment called 'Screengrabs'. 




 Hail to you Mighty Poseidon, Lord of all the waters and Oceans of Gaia. May all those who suffer, suffer not more and find sunken gold within your watery realm. 




 It's cause making a movie about space makes more money than actually going to space, which really doesn't generate any profit. 




 Becoming fat. 




 Free glassware pack from Brickforge? 




 lol so random *holds up spork* 




 We have been learning about ancient Greece and this is one of those bonus questions on our research assignments. We need to give historical data or proof which supports the idea that competition between city states like Athens and Sparta was beneficial. 









 That's... incredible. 




 Your boyfriend's got a big frame, he reminds me of [this guy.](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-TjFT_y87O3E/Tgdb_QeUXhI/AAAAAAAABkU/JaAztkSRInc/s1600/Liefeld-CaptainAmerica-RayDillon-2.JPG) 




 Those pictures make you look like Steve Rogers before the big transformation. 




 - Wayne Gretzky 




 The two things I have my eye on is a Ralts (male) and Diancie codes.  




 Ok, I'll take a look and decide. What could I get for it in terms of shinies? 




 What in your list should I be looking towards? Not sure how much an event Gengar is worth. 




 [event] Timid Event Gengar from NA, 17/13/21/25/27/17 IVs. Female. Offers must be nicknameable. 









 Thanks, but no thanks, I have enough starters :) 




 NA, sorry I forgot to specify that. 
























 America used to have some balls. 




 "Platonic trip" 




 Unless you forward this email to 10 other people! 




 She could have burned 1000 calories in the time it took to write that shitstain of a post. 




 The SKYFOOGLE 









 I don't know who you are, just wanted to say you are one good-looking dude. 



















 If you were a Jedi/Sith, what shape would your lightsaber be? 




 If you could travel back in time, what advice would you give your 10 year old self? 




 What's the coolest thing you could make in a woodshop? 




 What is your favorite acronym? 




 What's your favorite word? 




 The Swanson; bacon wrapped around a turkey leg. Was it as good as it looked? 




 Hey Nick, big fan. Just wanted to ask, who is your favourite stand-up comedian(s)? 




 What was your strangest fan encounter? 




 When you play monopoly, which game piece do you choose? 




 Did you ever get into a fight as a child? If so, did you win? 




 If you were a Guardian of the Galaxy, what would your intergalactic superhero name be? 




 Suddenly the world descends into chaos and a zombie-like virus takes over most of the population. What do you do? 




 Do you have any great stories about you and Chris Pratt? 




 Nick Offerman, you are generally seen as a super manly-man on TV. What is something not so manly that you do in private? 




 Your SO is pretty loose, man. 




 Mustachioed campus republican  




 1667 km/hr 









 The puns. 




 Sorry-Lord
 









 Just wondering, does wearing the makeup make skin blemishes more frequent or prominent? Cause from what I can tell the average, non-makeup-wearing man has less skin problems. 




 I didn't think the Husban x4 had a camera. Did you attach a GoPro to it? 









 Open the pod bay doors please Hawking. 




 This man is the embodiment of all my greatest fears. Bald, fat, bad hygiene, and a cunt. 




 Just like Kevin Bacon! 




 Jesse. James. Meowth, that's right! 




 Honestly that's a whole lot better. I bet Jar Jar Abrams is kicking himself right now. 




 I also have that phone. I like it as well. 




 7.8/10 

Too much water 




 Check your privilege, shitlord. 




 Damn, where's that from? Sounds profound, and I feel like I have heard it before. 
























 A real human bean 




 I am from Canada as well and I have seen commercials for the Canadian army. They were really high-quality too. 




 So let's say episodes 7-9 all turn out to be successful, what would you think about a remake of episodes 1-3 (assuming that is legally possible)? They would stick to the same storyline and plot relatively, but get rid of things that were quite obviously failures, and maybe add some new things in to make it feel like a different movie, and fix George Lucas' problems. Then these prequels would replace the old ones as canon, and the old ones could be called the "Jar Jar Trilogy" or something and will basically be referred to as Star Wars' blunder years. 

I think it could definitely work if done correctly. The prequels are actually a great story, just not told very well, in my opinion. What do you think about this? 




 Because I still haven't seen Star Wars: The Force Awakens. And yes, I'm being completely serious. 




  It provokes the desire, but it takes away the performance. Therefore, much drink may be said to be an equivocator with lechery. It makes him, and it mars him; it sets him on, and it takes him off; it persuades him, and disheartens him; makes him stand to and not stand to; in conclusion, equivocates him in a sleep, and, giving him the lie, leaves him. 




 *tips* m'lady 




 So awesome, I just ordered mine off the Lego shop yesterday, can't wait till it arrives. 




 Search your feelings. You know it to be true! 




 I can`t believe they made Jar Jar black! XD lol /r/dadjokes amirite?? 




 This is great, please do another one next year! Happy new year fellow master builders! 




 That's why you don't waste your time and instead get some Lego 




 Elon Musk is the coolest damn name I've ever heard I can't get over it 




 When three weeks old you reach, look as cute you will not 














 And 8 years old (   ) 




 I hope we are still using gifs from the Interview years and years from now... 




 Welcome to Rapture 




 The confederate flag in the profile picture really ties this whole thing together 




 Alrighty, searched but couldn't find it! 




 [Here's a bonus picture of Kylo](http://indierevolver.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/wpid-img_20141222_122242.jpg) and [this](http://indierevolver.com/2014/12/22/a-closer-look-at-kylo-ren-in-star-wars-the-force-awakens/) is the article I got the photos from.

 




 /r/HighQualityGifs  




 http://imgur.com/gallery/hlVMa 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8c5wmeOL9o 









 I watched few films this year which I actually consider 'good', so here are my top 5.

1. Nightcrawler
2. Birdman
3. Guardians of the Galaxy
4. Snowpiercer
5. The Lego Movie

Still need to see: Boyhood, Whiplash, and the Edge of Tomorrow 




 HEY YOU SHUT YOUR WHORE MOUTH 




 double* 




 I know an easy way to get doubel karma. 




 Well, he is, horizontally.  




 "He's no god! He has a butthole!" 




 I can count the number of frames in this .gif on one hand.  




 Double* 




 Replying to the top comment to get more karma. I will also split my comment in 2 to get doubel karma. 




 Your butthole is ironic! 




 Merry Christmas and have some gold. 




  milk

 **karma** 




 Please tell me this is available on a t shirt! 




 The Force Awakens 




 They get to park in the handicap parking spots as well! So unfair. 




 Dictionaries were written by a white cis crazy man while he was in an insane asylum, so... 




 ITT: "Oh, you NEED to watch that movie!" 




 I thought it was a Christmas tree ornament. 
























 this post turned me into a tumblr girl because i seriously can't even 




 For me the only interesting parts were with the dinosaurs and the creation of life. Amazing cinematography. 




 Cloud Atlas. Too much was going on and I didn't give enough of a shit to keep up. 




 When you have your headphones in and they get yanked out for some reason, like you were walking and they got caught on a table. It just makes me so mad and I don't know why! 




 I thought I was in /r/circlejerk for a second... 
























 I hate people that leave the seat up when they spray their period blood all over the toilet. 




 Thank you very much, I've got it working as I wanted now! 




 Hello folks, I am pretty new to after effects so bear with me. 

I followed [this guy's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx0bKB9aL08) tutorial on how to make smoke in after effects, using the particle playground effect. So I got my desired smoke effect, and all is well, except for one problem. At the start of my 5 second composition, there is no smoke, but as you play the composition, the smoke emerges from the position at which I put the producer (or whatever you call the point of origin for the particles). What I want is for the smoke to already be at its maximum height at the start of the composition. I can't figure out how to do that. 

I hope you guys understand what I mean by that, and if not, I'll add screenshots from my composition. Can anyone help me out and let me know how to make it so that the smoke is already at maximum height at the start of my composition?

Thanks in advance. 
























 [The Snow Leopard Rises](http://i.imgur.com/hvFzULp.jpg) 




 Thas a very good saying, ok?
 




 We finally got an answer for Holden Caufield 









 They exist, I just don't own any. Good suggestion though, I will swap it out if I can get my hands on some. 




 Some crackers and brie cheese, and Mario Kart.  




 /r/iamverysmart 




 Why didn't the other guy just get it? He was much closer. 




 -- Apoorv 




 Ah, I see. Interesting, thanks. 




 Is it just me or do those imperials look like toddlers? 




 Hey are you that guy from Warlizard gaming forum? 




 My favourite is definitely the one where Luke is fighting Darth Vader and seems to wearing a Star-Lord-esque breathing apparatus. 




 I thought I was in /r/circlejerk for a second... 




 My mom bought be the Slave 1 for mine, I can't wait to build it! 




 I have to send this to my history teacher, he's a big SW fan. 




 Thanks, means a lot! 




 I made em a while ago so I don't completely remember but I believe Magnemite, Kabutops, Cyndaquil and Typhlosion are the ones not copied from someone else. 




 Some designs are by me and some were just copied from pictures I found on the internet. They're meant to be at a size compatible with minifigs. Also, sorry for the crappy phone camera quality. 









 I think posting anything from 9gag should be considered cheating 




 How do you stay humble? 




 Reminds me of a joke by Creed from the Office... 




 I bet the Imitation Game was comedy to this #mathgenius 




 "Sorry my friend took my phone and sent that, haha!"
 




 the lore 




 A real human bean 
























