 Her testimony can be evidence. 




 There should be a court date listed on the ticket.  Attend the court date and present whatever evidence you have. 




 If there is a difference in fines and/or points between 5 over and 15 over, and there almost certainly is, then yes it is to his benefit to try to correct the issue in court. 




 Entirely relevant.  You should respect your aunt's wishes.  Don't be a dick. 




 Its unlikely that you'd be assigned a public defender without appearing in court first-at least that seems to be the general process.

You can hire an attorney to appear for you, but in most criminal actions the defendant is required to be present. 




 It's unlikely you'd find someone to do this for free. Attorneys make their living by charging clients.  




 Hey hey hey! There are literally dozens of us!! 




  Can I just ship something to my neighbor and hand him a bill for it

Of course not.  Your neighbor did not order anything from you.  You engaged in business with this third party and through a series of misunderstandings got a free product.  You do not get to keep free products under those circumstances.  That is the law.

Where you read that you do not need to pay for it or send it back, those are *unordered* merchandise.  Like you sending something completely unsolicited to your neighbor.  This is not that situation. 




 Generalized anxiety and panic disorder. Thank goodness for Paxil.  




 Yeah that came out of left field. 









 Obviously he can not afford a lawyer, as he is living in his car, and our public defenders here are notoriously guilty plea factories. Are there any organizations that offer help in these kinds of situations?

Public defenders are no better or worse than paid attorneys.  Public defenders tend to plea out many cases because many of their clients are dead to rights guilty and there is only so much they can do.  If the stop and search was legitimate, it doesn't matter how much you pay for an attorney, your brother is almost certain to be found guilty.  In that circumstance pleading it out would likely get him a better deal.  Not every criminal case benefits from going to trial.

If this is his first offense he's unlikely to get the maximum penalty.

You'd need to find a friend or family member that can take the dog. 




 Guys like this give lawyers a bad name. 




 /u/Citicop you are not welcome here!! 




 I'd be interested to see any case law you might have on this. 

I know if I tried that argument with a judge they'd tell me I knew exactly what was meant and shoot my argument down.  




 The consensus here disagrees with you. Consent is not a two way street. They have consent to record you. You do not have consent to record them.  




 OOP? 




 What did you have in your apartment that was worth $28,000?

Keep in mind that you can certainly sue him, and would almost certainly win, but you cannot sue for the value of new items.  You have to sue for the market value of your used items.  If someone steals my car, I can't sue them for the replacement value of a brand new car, but the value of my old used car. 




  And he enjoys fawning over 15 year old girls

Link? 




 Why were you in jail for 14 days if you were not charged with anything? 




 A statement from a cop is neither of those things.  




 Yes 




 You can absolutely get a ticket without getting pulled over.  




 Well here's the thing. If you ask an officer what should I do, and the officer says, do this, that MAY be entrapment. If you ask an officer is it legal for me to do this, and he lies and says yes, that's not entrapment  




 It's clear that you wanted to do it, that you were inclined to do it, but were waiting for legal advice from a police officer that is permitted to lie to you. Entrapment is when you had no inclination to do the illegal act, info from police or not.  




 The police are allowed to lie to you. If the cop ordered him to pick up the bag that's different.  




 New Jersey does not offer a no contest plea.  




 No that's not entrapment. Police have no duty to tell you the truth and lying to you is not entrapment. It's almost never entrapment.  




 Legal advice is don't get involved in other peoples business when it will just come back to bite you in the ass, slugger.  




 What "system?" 




 "Best of /r/legaladvice" based on the title alone. 




 Wait, it says he's 182 cm.  Isn't that like 5'11'?? 




 I usually dont like childfree evangelists who like to spout vitriol about crotch fruit and such. That said, this is their wedding, let everyone know ahead of time, and *they paid for a babysitter for family with kids.*

They've gone above and beyond. I love my children but if someone else is going to pay for a sitter so I can eat their food drink their beer and rock out to music fuck yeah I'm all about it.  




 Or if he's an at will employee just fire him without giving a reason.  




 You can contact them to let them know about your concerns.  If you so chose you could sue them for any damages to your son, which from what you state here are very minimal. 




  In many states, like mine, there is no statute of limitations for rape

What state is that? 




  'm guessing that most Americans didn't have this education

You seriously don't think Americans are taught about ancient Egypt?  That the only info we get about Egypt comes from watching Abbot and Costello meet the Mummy?   




 Because it isn't breaking a law. This is not a legal issue.  




 Why did you repost this? 




  But it isn't my natural response.

I do a lot of stuff during sex that isn't my natural response because it makes my partner happy.  Sex isn't all about you. 




  The fights are pretty good huh?

Yeah, they were. Even if you want to call them dancing they were awesome looking dances. 




 Sue him for what you feel he owes you.  Courts normally frown on self help. 




 She can certainly sue for the costs to replace the pet, as well as any damage to her belongings in her room.

Keep wolf hybrids may be illegal in her area.  In any case she should report the incident to animal control. 




 Fleas? 




 Lots of people don't realize that the constitution refers to habeas corpus as a privilege, not a right, and specifically permits it to be suspended "when in cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it." 




 I don't know of any laws that require RAs to keep information confidential.   




  Bolt VanderHuge

Big McLargeHuge. Blast HardCheese. Blast ThickNeck. Bob Johnson. Bold BigFlank? 




  I'll be blunt - is this code for "I asked the concierge to send up a hooker?"

My thoughts 100% 




  That is five miles over the posted speed limit, but going "with the flow of traffic" for the road.

Speeding is speeding.  The "flow of traffic" does not matter. 




  That's simply not true. 26 states do not require showing ID prior to anything short of an arrest.

Every single state requires you to show your license if you are driving a car.  You are incorrect. 




 Orders are orders. You cannot make your own adjustments. Take it to court.  




 Okay bro. 




 If I refuse to play holiday music in the restaurant I'm an assistant manager at during my shifts, if I were to get reprimanded, could I expect anti discrimination protection as an atheist?

Oh for Christ's sake. 




 Heh.  Wiener.  




 Kim has to spend every other weekend at Joe's because of court not wanting to give us full custody, we want Joe out of the picture

Even if you had full custody her father would still get visitation.  It is highly unlikely you will ever be able to eliminate her father from her life.

Tells her Kim won't be going back anytime soon until they get their shit figured out with Dan.

Court ordered child arrangements are *orders* not suggestions that you can change as you wish.  She is required to adhere to the visitation schedule are her mother is required to ensure that she does.  If you are afraid for her safety the proper course of action is to attempt to modify the order. 




  I have no reason to ever return to that state, and seriously doubt I would be extradited over a misdemeanor that is 15 years old.

They would likely extradite you.

Even if they didn't there would still be an active warrant for your arrest.  Every time you had any interaction with the police you'd be arrested due to that warrant. 




 Yeah, you tell LocationBot.  I'm tired of it confusing those terms! 




 Unless she has an employment contract, she can be fired at the end of the 12 weeks of leave if she does not return to work. 




 There is no law against hanging out with young men. 




 Yes it does. You appeared to be drunk in public. As a student there there's a good chance you're a minor. You had bottle of liquid in plain view. That's likely probable cause right there. The officer does not need to go get a warrant for the bottle sticking out of your pocket.  




 He threatened to arrest me if I did not leave immediately.  




  I was given tramatic brain injury from this, and would like to see justice. What should my next cognitive step legal be?

Speak with a personal injury attorney. 




 Your bottle was in plain sight.  You were likely acted much drunker than you think you were, which is likely all the probable cause they need.

You were threatened with arrest because you were ordered to leave an area and did not, not because you wanted to file a complaint. 




 Details. 




 You gave away someone else's property. The correct course of action would be to take the dog to an animal shelter not give it away to a third party.  




 The lease will control the pet situation. If she brings a cat in DO NOT take matters into your own hands. That's theft.  




 You will have no success whatsoever in beating these tickets. It just me not happen. 

That said I'd love to see the legal research you did on how the 5th Amendment applies to traffic tickets.  




 The majority of mainstream feminists do not look down on stay at home moms. They want women to have a choice. If you freely choose to stay home, they think that's awesome.  




 That is the basic definition of feminism.  




   I am not a feminist.

You don't think men and women should be equal? 




 You will almost certainly not get off on a technicality. I've never seen that happen with a speeding ticket.  




 You didn't get tracked 




 i respectfully disagree

And the law disagrees with you.  The law wins, btw. 




 Custody of children comes down to what is best for them. Pets are property and are examined in that light. You can make the argument that since you found them and have spent the most time with them you own them. Be prepared for a judge to give one to you and one to your sister.  




 A female and I (6'1" male) get in a heated argument over some topic. In a fit of rage, she swings and sucker punches me as hard as she can. In angry retaliation, I strike her back as hard as I can. Due our size difference, I get off with only a chipped tooth/swollen mouth, while she is left with a serious concussion/possible permanent brain injury. How screwed would I be? Would there be significant changes if our injuries were similar, if I swung first, if the other person was male, or if the person they initially sucker punched wasn't me, but rather a friend?

Not nearly enough information to say.

 I am carrying an expensive ring and drop it on the ground. As I go to pick it up, someone else quickly scoops it up and begins running away. For all intents and purposes assume there is beyond a doubt no way an officer would make it in time before the thief got away, and no way the thief could be tracked/caught. Believing that the ring would be lost for good otherwise, I sprint after them and tackle them to the ground. In order to escape, they attack me in what is arguably self defense. In the struggle to prevent them from escaping, I injure them in some way (ex: break their arm). Would I be screwed in this case? What if instead of stealing the item, it was some unique heirloom they were threatening to break, so that if I didn't interfere in that moment it would beyond a doubt be destroyed?

You could face repercussions but they are unlikely.  You are not Batman and should call the police if such an issue arises.

Some co-worker keeps eating my lunch I leave in the fridge, but no one fesses up when I ask around. I make it clear, I leave a note by the food, belongs to Noobsauce, please do not take! Eventually I lose my cool and hatch an evil plot- I load my next lunch with a bunch of laxative. Am I technically breaking the law here? What if the person had a serious medical reaction to what I put into the food, whether it be some unintended extreme (allergic to something), something in the middle (x10 the recommended dose of laxatives), or something terrible (I go crazy and add cyanide to my lunch)?

We get this question all the time.  No, this is not legal. 
























 I did not care for Breaking Bad.  




 Well, listen, you can certainly take a shot but I don't know how successful you'll be.  The only thing you're at all likely to recover is the difference in costs.  You won't get your legal fees back, and you won't get any kind of public acknowledgement that you were right and they were wrong.  Also the Attorney General doesn't just give out opinions based on a citizen complaint that they were overcharged 15 bucks.  The AG is the attorney for the government.

People say this here often and it's usually a stupid idea, but IF you're correct going to local media might be a good idea. 




  That doesn't really help me. Sorry.

Yes, it does, since judges frequently base their decisions on a reasonableness standard. 




 The statute you quoted seems to indicate that this is a "base fee" meaning the fee can go no *lower* than $42.00.  In other sections of that same statute, there is no "base fee" language, meaning that this is somehow different.  I'd wager that that is the minimum, not the maximum, penalty. 




 Boy that ancap stuff came out of nowhere.  




 It seems like she's liable for damages but just flying under the radar. Is that an accurate portrayal?

Yes.  




 You sound really really stupid. 

One of the reasons that sexual relations with minors is against the law is because they are unable to give consent.  




 You're still missing the point. I'm not talking about violent assault. I'm talking about someone attempting to pursue a romantic/sexual relationship. My wife is able to recognize that and shut it down. It doesn't matter if a heterosexual male cannot stop himself from pursuing a relationship with my wife because my wife can refuse his advances. A kid cannot.  




 You're not getting it. Not getting treated for cancer will kill you. Not getting treated for AIDS will kill you. Not getting trans treatment WILL NOT kill you. Unfortunately some individuals are in such a difficult situation that they harm themselves but this is NOT the same thing, no matter how much you want it to be.  




 Not getting trans treatment does not medically lead to death.  




 I seriously doubt a judge would find that hormone therapy is medically necessary. Strictly speaking it was not a life saving treatment. Yes I understand the tragic outcome but that does not make such a procedure a life saving treatment.  




 [It's always the other one!](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbxydkIMtu1qleraio3_250.gif) 




   Chances are, the court won't even want to hear it -- what she's doing is legal and thus irrelevant.

I assume the judge would be very interested that she isn't sober when she's watching the kids by herself, just as the judge would be interested if someone was drinking perfectly legal scotch during the day while watching the kids alone. 




 If it's not cool for your wife to drink when she's home alone with the kids, it isn't cool for her to smoke pot.  I'd speak to her about these issues and tell he this is unacceptable, and if there are no changes you are free to file for divorce. 




  No, I don't.
 The same way I wouldn't ask a man to trust me with his wife.

But as we've been arguing, this is entirely different.  My wife is around men all the time.  I don't worry about this because she is able to let them know she is uninterested.   




  Also, at the very least they should recognize that they should work with kids.

Shouldn't? 




  Self control is a thing and people should both exercise it and recognize the potential for its use by others.

You admit to being a pedophile.  Do you expect parents to take your word for it that you do not intend to act on your desires? 




 How is an individual supposed to know that a pedophile is entirely in control of their urges?

Suppose a man knows my wife is married to me but decides to hit on her anyway, which does happen to married women.  I know that my wife has the maturity and experience to express to the man his disinterest.  I can rely on the other individual in the scenario.

Suppose a pedophile hits on my daughter.  She does NOT have the maturity and experience to express her disinterest.  The pedophile may believe she is reciprocating and thinks she is a willing participant.

If my daughter has a tutor that is a pedophile, how do I know that he controls him or herself? 




  Will I be penalized for fighting the ticket and being found guilty rather than going straight to the prosecutor and ask for a no point charge?

If you appear before the judge and get anything other than a dismissal to all charges, you will be assessed court costs.  Speaking to the prosecutor and asking for a different charge will still require you to appear before the judge and plea to the new charge.

Your chances of being found not guilty to all charges are essentially zero.  Additionally, the prosecutor can and likely will speak to the cop before agreeing to anything.  If the cop remembers the speeding issue you can be issued a ticket for that as well. 




 If I express interest in another adult, I assume she has the maturity and experience to be able to deny my advances if she is not interested.

The issue with child abuse and statutory rape is that children do not have the maturity and experience to be able to deny advances and are at risk of being taken advantage of. 









 You cannot force an employer to extend FMLA leave.  




  If the policy is owned by you, it is part of your (also taxable) estate. 

Citation?  I've never seen a circumstance where a policy with a designated beneficiary was considered part of an estate allowing a creditor to go after it. 




 Your life insurance policy is not part of your estate so long as you designate a beneficiary.  Your creditors can sue your estate to recover funds, but since your policy is not party of the estate, they cannot go after that. 




 My understanding is that life insurance is not part of the estate and cannot be seized by creditors, so long as it has a designated beneficiary. 




 They are not her dogs and she cannot keep them.  She should call animal control. 




 You're not getting total ignorance. You're just not getting the answers you want. Everything you've said we know. We understand. Our answers are the same. Yes, for priviledge to apply an attorney must be involved even in a municipal government. I don't know what else to tell you. 

Also disclosure laws are state AND federal. Washington has their own open public records act.  




 Okay, I'll try to break this down for you since you seem to have some type of disability that makes you not only stupid but also a jackass.

When an attorney represents an organization, he also has an individual attorney client relationship with the members of that organization.  The law does not look at them as though they were the Borg, assimilated into one unit. 

Thus, when one individual member of an organization talks to another individual member, they are two clients, even though their members of the same organization.

You also keep missing the simple fact that for an attorney client privilege to exist, at least one of the parties involved must be an attorney! 




 ONLY COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN AN ATTORNEY AND CLIENT. 

If a client passes on attorney work product to another client that is NOT between an attorney and client.  




 Yeah Im not an idiot. I get it. Only communications between attorneys and clients are privileged. Communications between clients are not.  




 You can't create privilege by ccing an attorney. If there needs to be privileged communication it should be between the attorney and the client.  




 Nullification only refers to not convicting a guilty man. 

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jury_nullification 




 I don't understand how an innocent person being found guilty is nullification.  




 Yeah I think subsequent remedial measures are excluded under evidence rules in most places. And I think the CA rule on apologies is a good one.  




 Why put victims in scare quotes?   




 One of my favorites. 




 Why don't they simply accept fault, make it very obvious what they are doing to change, and create more of a personal/human connection with those harmed?

That can be taken as an admission of liability.

Has that been tried in the past, and did it not work?

Yes, of course.  Your anecdote doesn't change the fact that this was likely a poor legal strategy on the part of the farm.  They were negligent and could have been sued with good cause.

everyone was so taken aback by the open communication and obvious heartfelt apology of the dairy owners, that they felt satisfied and did not feel the need for retribution

Lawsuits are not about retribution, but about making an individual whole again.  If a company screws up and due to that screw up harms others, they should pay for it.  If someone chooses not to make them do so, that's certainly a valid choice, but it is not somehow more righteous or commendable than filing a meritorious lawsuit. 




 Did he explain why he is not going to do anything about it? 









 Post. 




 Adults have to do things they don't want to do all the time. Find a real estate agent to help with the process. Otherwise the taxes owed will only continue to accrue.  




 I'm not sure what you're asking. The prosecution is an arm of the state, just like the police.  









  Is a dentist a full doctor? Or a physical therapist? or how about a Doctor of Nursing Practice?

No, but all those professions are based on science. 




 Sure looks like it to me.  









 They can sue the police department and the town.  




 https://i.imgur.com/E0dyhY6.gif 









  A few hours.

Your father is going to be gone for a few hours and you're concerned about legal liability?  You're babysitting for the afternoon.  Happens millions of time all around the country.  Relax. 




 Tried them all, nothing beats American. 




  I had brought up the point that well, what if the lawyer suggests Option C as the course to take that will incur greater fees in the future than Option A

What "fees" are you talking about? 




 Talk to an attorney asap. There's plenty of time to file a complaint before the statute runs. You need to do this to protect your interests. What lawyer said they wouldn't touch it? All you need to do is file a complaint. Call attorneys until you get one that will work with you.  









 Wait what? The vast vast majority of people are not abusers.  




 I downvote /u/boathole whenever I get the chance.  Just for funzies. 




 *Mother, May I Suckle at the Teat of Danger?* 




 Yeah, this has Lifetime movie written all over it! 




 You might get better replies at /r/law or ever /r/askreddit. 









  The problem with treadmills is that you don't do any work. The machine does the running for you.

Huge overstatement. It's easier than road running but in no way do you not do any work. You still do a ton of work. They are an awesome way to run when you can't get outside.  




 File an OPRA request.  Those documents should absolutely be public records. 




 Why are they doing this? 




 Likely yes. Whoever took the pic owns the copyright.  




 This is incorrect. He can be cited any time up to the statute of limitations. A prior warning makes no difference.  




  When you discuss the case with the attorney from the insurance keep in mind that he/she IS NOT YOUR ATTORNEY. 

100% incorrect and terrible advice.  




 Probably looking at a minimum of a 10-20k retainer 




 In America it is exceedingly rare to get the other side to pay for your legal costs.  Plus she may not have any assets to do so even if she did win. 




 we cant afford to pay for an attorney ourself

Then you likely can't get one.  The insurance company will provide an attorney for you.  Unless you have significant personal assets then it is unlikely they will settle for more than your insurance value. 




 If that's the case it may very well be unenforceable.  Call your local bar association and see if they can recommend an employment attorney to look it over for you before you sign it. 




 It seems to only protect the company that I work for and does nothing for me.

Well, yeah, that's the nature of non-competes.

You're probably looking at 1-2 hours of review by an attorney.  How much an attorney would charge per hour depends on where you are located. 




 "Traffic Ticket Rhino."

Strike one.

 They promise that for $145 dollars I can get no points on my license at least, and there is a possibility that my traffic fee can be reduced.

Strike two.

However, after I requested a quote, they called me from an "unknown" number, they refused to give me a number which I could call after I said I needed time to think about it, and they simply just offered to call me again tomorrow.

Strike three.

Hire an attorney that is professional and does not make unethical promises.  It is possible they may be able to reduce the fine and points, which could save you money in the long term on your insurance. 




 If the president of the Walt Disney company gave her a copy the answer would be the same.  




  Say I am legally given ownership to this recording from my mother, am I still bound to the wishes of the creator from over 30 years ago?

Yes.  If your mother gives you her VHS copy of Lady and the Tramp it does not mean you can use it as you see fit. 




  Does US law recognize copies of a document/recording made elsewhere as being independent of each other once under the jurisdiction of US law?

No 
























 I seriously doubt it is.

There's no hard and fast rule for this.  If you call your dress that, and an attorney for the movie company thinks it looks to similar, and they feel like suing you, you'd get sued.  You'd have to pay for an attorney to defend you. 




  If I sell them only on a marketplace for handmade items and specifically state "This is not an xx-licensed product," would that satisfy that requirement?

Almost certainly not. 




 I thought I read somewhere that it has to be 20% different, but I don't know if that's right.

I've never heard that.  How do you judge want percentage of a dress is different?

 




 [Come on.](http://bit.ly/1CwahrG) 




 This is just a hypothetical situation.

Sounds like maybe it's your torts homework. 




 I would be ok with a mutual agreement that neither parent is allowed to have their unmarried partners over during child visitation.

You have little to no chance of getting something like this.

You should speak with an attorney so they can inform a judge about what's going on.  If what you're saying is true the girlfriend's actions are inappropriate and a judge can order her to stop. 




 Top comment to the old post is from NYPL... :( 




 Not a legal issue. He should go to the head of the department.  




 If you want the prenup to be valid you both need to retain separate attorneys to review it before signing.  




  ya because i would prefer not to pay. I'm not saying I am a good guy or anything.

The cop can and would issue you a new ticket for going 44 in a school zone. 




 I'm in the midwestern US. I'd rather not say which city.

What state? 




 We don't do referrals here.  You can call your local bar association and ask them for a recommendation. 




 As I understand it, the FPT concept exists in criminal law and allows defendants to be charged with a string of crimes all descending from the original violation. Why does it not extend into civil tort law?

[That is not at all what that means.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fruit_of_the_poisonous_tree) 




 This is not a legal issue.  It is an administrative issue with the school. 




 If you're going to be running a real life charity, you need to consult with a real life attorney.  This is too big an issue to ask here. 




 There is nothing here. If you made a formal request for the tweets they would print them out and give them to you.  




 I'm not sure what you're trying to say. It is a fact that both mulatto and negro originated as Spanish terms and have since become part of our language.  




 Negro is a Spanish term too.  They've both become a part of the English language. 




 Here's my comment. 




 I've never heard the term used in the North East, and I've known many mixed race, or biracial, people.  If you google it, you get results that refer to it as a derogatory term.  It's archaic in the majority of the United States.  I certainly wouldn't refer to someone as a negro or colored, just as I wouldn't refer to them as mulatto.  The fact that your cousins are okay with it doesn't change that. 




 How else would you describe someone who is half-black and half-white?

Mixed race? 




  OP sustained an injury to his honor and his standing in his family.

Good thing OP isn't a Klingon. 




  mulatto

Do...do people still use that word? 




 You can sue the bus company yourself in small claims. 




 Cast iron pans have to be the most bizarre circlejerk on this site. 




 The first thing to remember is that you need permission from the government to erect something on government property.

If permission is granted, the government must let any other private group that wishes to erect a monument do so, so long as they are comparable.  For example, if a small cross is erected in a park, the local atheist society cannot put up a 20 foot tall billboard-they can put up something comparable to the small cross, like a small sign, etc. 




 No one has contested it because that would be stupid. Lawyers get paid for the work they do. There's no require you be an "expert" whatever that means in order to bill someone for something.  




 Social engineering isn't a real thing. Do you mean via fraud and/or lies? 




 Yes of course it is, so long as what he described actually happened.  




 I'm a municipal prosecutor and it makes things tough. Their only option often is to go to trial. There's not much else I can do for them sometimes.  




 What an idiot.  




 Why can't someone go in and then mail it to you? 




 No plea bargains for DUI allowed in NJ.  




 In NJ it actually changes the fines and penalties. Also the municipal prosecutor doesn't need to show her driving was unsafe, only that she appeared to be under the influence. The field sobriety test is a good indicator of that assuming it was done properly.  




 Plea bargaining for DUI is not permitted in NJ. You'll want an attorney to review the discovery and the information on the breathalyzer. Her potential penalties will depend on what she blew. She's looking at minimum a 3 month lines suspension and several hundred in fines.  




 For real? 




 Can they arrest her for not feeding a patient? I would hope so.  




 "Principle of legality" I have no idea what this means.

"Right to a fair trial" There is no specified right to a fair trial in the Constitution.  However, the Sixth Amendment guarantees a number of rights that, taken as a whole, ensures that trials are fair. 




 The question was not "how do I fight this ticket."  The question was is GPS evidence real or was that a scare tactic. That question was answered.  




 Lol okay. What helpful advice would you provide? 




 None of which makes citicop's response wrong, much less disgusting. He was absolutely correct. If there is GPS data it CAN be used against you.  




 What are you talking about? Cops do that all the time.  




 I got a lot of upvotes for that. 

Also downvoted.  




 Citicop's response was 100% on point. What was "disgusting" about that? 




 If you don't fill out proper paperwork the church can refuse to perform the ceremony.  




  does hereby remise, release, acquit, satisfy, and forever discharge with prejudice the said Releasee, of and from all manner of actions, causes of action, suits, debts, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, claims and demands whatsoever, which said Releasor ever had, now has, or which any personal representative, successor, heir or assign of said Releasor, hereafter can, shall or may have, against said Releasee, by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, from the beginning of time to the date of this instrument with relation to claim certificate #

 




 So the shipping company has insurance. Their insurance settled with you. You have ale of no chance of a successful lawsuit after a defendant's insurance settles with you.  




 And who are you attempting to sue? 




 The locationbot works just fine and performs a needed service. 

Also this is not a democracy!! The mods rule with an iron fist! I'm starting an underground brotherhood to oppose them from the shadows...just call me Emmanuel Goldstein... 




 Wait who purchased the insurance that reimbursed you? 




 It says it takes into account the value you put down. Not that that value is set in stone.  If it's not reasonable they can discard it.  




 I get your point about the PR campaign, however the point is to make it untenable for him to drag it on and NOT settle. The goal is to never get in front of a judge.

Again, if he has insurance it is quite likely they will pay for an attorney to defend him. 

The insurance can also stand in the shoes of the insured whereby they are asserting his rights. The release on behalf of the company can be found to apply to their insured as well.  




 Immediately prior to filing the lawsuit, I intend on launching a very aggressive (although far from extortionate or libelous) PR/marketing campaign against him.

A judge would likely hate this and it would make you look terrible. Skip it. 

If he has insurance they pay for his attorney. If you've settled with his insurance you're likely reading the release wrong if you think you can still go after him.  




 Just because a website hasn't been shut down yet doesn't mean it's legal. 




 She can recover the actual amount of her damages. Punitive damages are highly unlikely. 




 You can subpoena the trooper or ask the court to dismiss the case. Your case is likely not as slam dunk as you think.  




 [...](http://makeameme.org/media/created/well-that-escalated-jmg8n6.jpg) 




 Boooooo 









 Has she been asking those attorneys for work? Her looks have nothing to do with it. Also your daughter is an adult and needs to be solving her own problems. Having her parents try to help her out isn't going to take her far. Offer her encouragement but otherwise she needs to work this out on her own.  




 What books would you recommend to the average person to just educate himself for general knowledge. Getting to know your rights, understating how the system works, and what i can do as a citizen to be savy and not a victim of a complex world i know nothing about.

The vast vast majority of people are not attorneys, have little to no legal knowledge, and yet still go through their entire lives happy and healthy. It's highly unlikely that you'd be a "victim" or anything, nor is it likely that a situation would arise where legal knowledge is immediately necessary. Just don't talk to the police if they suspect you of a crime and you'll be fine.  




 If they have your number already what's the concern about giving them a copy of your card? 




 No one here will help you abuse the legal process just so you can be a dick.  




  That makes it extraordinarily difficult to act when the rules of what a person can and cannot do are intentionally made fuzzy.

And yet somehow the vast majority of the population finds a way to get by. 




 I'll flip it around. It a simple waiver of all liability was so simple, why doesn't everyone use them all the time? Why are there any lawsuits?

Signing a waiver may show assumption of the risk. However, that does not absolve you from any and all lawsuits. You can't act in a negligent manner and expect not to get sued.  




 Because those waivers are usually not worth the paper they're written on. At most they can show that you understood risk is involved. You could still be sued for any negligence.  




 [It's not entrapment.  It's never entrapment.](http://thecriminallawyer.tumblr.com/post/19810672629/12-i-was-entrapped) 




 Hyperbole bro.  




 Do not talk to the detective without an attorney present. 




 What a dick. I think people who eschew emotions and only rely on *le reddit logic* piss me off the most.  




 They named a product after /u/zapopa's mom? 




 Do you work for a federal agency?

If yes, does your work with that agency involve you have substantial personal responsibility in any type of matter involving Home Depot? 




 When you go you should have the opportunity to speak with the prosecutor beforehand. Tell him what happened and he may cut you a break.  




 [person tested negative, no measles scare.](http://abcnews.go.com/Health/measles-exposure-kids-touch-museum/story?id=27964909) 




  "He gets paid whether you go to jail or not. He doesn't care."

So does every lawyer. How do you think that works? 
























 I can't think of a single instance in my entire life where I wouldn't notice an extra 35k.  




 You think it's illegal to sell what you see as unhealthy foods? Cause I'm not seeing that anywhere in your links.  




 If I were the company I wouldn't agree to that in a million years. 




  is a single anonymous phone call grounds for a warrant in a case like this?

Probably not in most cases, no. 




 In the event that you're not trolling, which I seriously doubt, stop posting about this and listen to your attorney.  He is the only one you should be communicating with about this.  Don't update any further. 




  And the argument that nobody agrees is hardly an argument.

If you have a group of experts that think you're wrong, that's an excellent argument. 




 PMs are frowned on here. 




  He would what, take your name and what?

*Even if you are released he can ascertain your age later and cite you at that time.* 




 Pretty sure that guy was being sarcastic.  Accusations of rape where no rape occurred are exceedingly rare.  Only have sex with people you trust and you'll be fine. 




 There is no requirement that any counselor treat any particular patient.  They are free to refuse.  If you truly want counseling, you should seek an different individual. 




 If they suspect you of being underage they can also determine your age.  Additionally, your "true full name" can be checked in any one of numerous databases to confirm your age.  Even if they let you go after getting your name you can expect a citation in the mail after they confirm your name. 




 You know they're free, why not take a shot?! 




 No, it would not.  They can absolutely detain you until they confirm your identity. 




  It is impossible to act on rules that have not yet been defined.

And yet the reasonable person standard has been used in the law since the 1800's and we all manage to get by just fine. 




 I'm just curious what specific principles of family law make the ethics of divorce lawyers so questionable.

I'm unaware of any study or other evidence that shows that family law attorneys have a higher incidence of ethical complaints than attorneys that specialize in other areas. 




 I've hired lawyers to do routine things three times in my life. Every time I end up angry at cost overruns and feeling nickle-and-dimed.

Maybe it's you.

In all three cases, the final costs have exceeded the lawyers' own original estimates by a factor of 2-3, even though none of the tasks had any surprises that might explain additional costs.

In your opinion.  Evidently the work was more complicated than either side thought.

I mean, seriously? $27.55? It took you twenty seconds to compose that and your secretary could have done it.

Lawyers charge for their time in 6 minute increments.  You should not expect to get any free work from your attorney at any time.

In the end if you feel overcharged your state likely has a procedure to dispute a fee. 




 Okay, so you have car insurance.  Have you contacted them? 




 "if you give me all your weed or something I'll let you go". And if you do give it to them, are they then allowed to still arrest you if they want?(MO)

Yes, police officers are not required to tell you the truth. 




 You're required to have car insurance in Nebraska.  And if you have a mortgage you're almost certainly guaranteed to have home owners insurance. 




  I'm a musician, a playwright (if I gave you my read name, you could see), and an actor. I understand art. I live art on a day-to-day basis. I can appreciate all types of art. 

You certainly appear to appreciate yourself. 




 Not yet! Eagerly checking my inbox now! 




 I've heard that I could appear in court and try to get a plea w/ the prosecutor to negotiate it down.

A good idea.

If that does not work, then I should ask for a continuance and then lawyer up. 

Please don't say "lawyer up."  If you want the best chance for a positive outcome, you should retain an attorney. 




 You can't pay a fee to "clear off points."  If you have previous points on your record they are still there and there's no fee you can pay the prosecutor to remove old points. 

What likely happened is that you were charged with a violation that would have included points had you been found guilty. Instead the prosecutor amended the violation to unsafe driving which is a high fine but no points.  




 He may have lost the opportunity to do so by not giving the information he was ordered to.  




 The court ordered him to give evidence. 

He hasn't yet. 

She never asked for specific punishments so the court isn't ordering any yet. 

The court will decide what sanctions later, maybe but not limited to either prohibiting any evidence refuting what she says his earnings are or prohibiting him from introducing any information found on the evidence he hasn't given her yet.  




 They are not medical doctors and do not go to medical school. You want to see an actual doctor.  




 ***Public*** contracts may not last that long. 




 BUSINESS IS DAMN SURE PICKIN UP! 




 This is not nearly everyone's experience. It's not an easy job but lots of lawyers are satisfied with their career.  




  Also, the trust possess more than a stamp. It also possess a Title II firearm. 

?? 




 Any other way the neighbors can get to their house or garage? 




 Not much help you can get without at least giving your state. 




 What is your question? 




 How do you know that? 




 Obviously wave his magic lawyer wand and make everything go away.  Did you not get your wand at graduation?? 




 It's very possible that the list of email addresses is considered public information and that a campaign can obtain it pretty easily with a records request. 




 Your chances of being accused of rape are minuscule. Just live your life like a normal person, don't illegally record people having sex with you, and only have sex with those you trust. Reddit likes to build up the "epidemic" of rape accusations. It isn't real. Relax. It won't happen.  




 What do you mean by legal leads? 




 You're using big words but in the end you're both just kids. You can offer no counsel to him that would be worthwhile. He needs an attorney if he's going to have the best possible outcome.  




 Yep. Municipal prosecutor and criminal defense (in counties other than those where the towns I prosecute in are located.). 




 I'm an attorney. I do both criminal defense and prosecution, I seen that video many times. I agree with it, but my answer still stands.  




 Assuming there were any legitimate reason to prove which child was older, your take into account the differences in time zones. The child born first is still older. You asked here, so legally speaking a judge would say that a child born first is born first no matter the time zone.  




 Is it worth 1.10 to make it go away? 




 And a judge would hold you in contempt unless your concern was reasonable. Just saying well there's a lot of laws does not make it reasonable.  




  'll be totally honest that's not a helpful answer. 

Yes, it is.  The fact that it isn't what you wanted to hear does not make it any less helpful. 




 If you want it done right, you should see an attorney.  These programs are created for the widest possible audience and are unable to tailor to specific individuals.   




  16 year olds cannot vote, and also have many restrictions put on them regarding their ability to contract. Are 16 year olds currently oppressed?

No.  16 year olds eventually become 18 year olds.  There has to be a line somewhere between letting children and adults vote.  Children cannot vote because they are young.  They will eventually, by completely natural processes, be old enough.

A woman in the 19th century could not eventually become a man. 




 Yes, of course.  Attorneys have to charge for their services.  It's how they make money and stay in business.  Most people would never think of calling a plumber or an electrician and asking them to come and ply their trade free of charge.  Attorneys are no different.  In many states there may be some requirement to perform pro bono services, but you should not expect to approach a law firm and say, hey, can you do this legal work for free? and get a lot of positive responses. 




 Start with a letter, I suppose.  Just know that an attorney's time is very valuable and most people who seek a pro bono attorney won't find one. 




  I am seeking advice from anyone familiar with NJ and the municipal court system here. Is it appropriate to attempt to contact the county DA/ADA in advance of the hearing to try to plead?

No.  Wait until the court date.

If I go to court, pleading not guilty to the charges on the citation, and the municipal prosecutor refuses to offer a plea bargain, am I then able to seek a continuance from the municipal court judge to seek legal counsel? 

You will go to court and get in a line to speak with the prosecutor.  The prosecutor may or may not offer you a deal.  The deal will almost certainly still involve pleading guilty to speeding at a lower rate, perhaps 14 over.

If you are unhappy with the deal, or are not offered a deal, you can request a postponement to obtain an attorney. 




 Obviously this is a false flag filled with crisis actors funded by the Jews on behalf of their reptilian allies in order to destabilize Bitcoin so that true freedom will never occur in our time. These are known truths.  




 No. Only the assailant is liable for assault.  




 I understand that I am ultimately responsible for understanding my insurance

That should answer your questions. You got the procedure done. You owe the money.  




 This is a fairly silly hypothetical that has little basis in reality. It's difficult to answer questions like these because they almost certainly would never happen or would never be an issue.  




 You will not got any other advice here expect do not break the law.  




 I suggest you stop giving stupid advice.  




 When this happened to my mother this morning she decided to take a card that was rudely discarded on another vehicle. 

I'm having a hard time deciphering what this means.  




 She can try to fight the ticket but a retired police officer cannot represent her. Only a lawyer can. 

Keep your insuranc company notified of any developments. They will investigate the accident and injuries and will provide you with an attorney if you get sued.  




 As a NJ muni prosecutor I can tell you there's no chance I would give someone going 30 over unsafe driving. If his history is good I might drop the speed down but going that fast makes you a menace.  




 will this be acceptable to be good enough for a drop?

Not even close.  




  So even though I can prove I had at least five cars lengths between me and the car, "following too closely" still applies because I didn't see traffic stopped and hit them?

Yes.  Since you hit the car in front of you, you were clearly too close to stop in time. 




 If you defend yourself, you do not have to be a licensed attorney, but you are expected to know many of the things a licensed attorney would know. 




 I would be shocked if you had the option for a jury trial in a traffic ticket case, but I suppose it's possible.

If you go to trial and lose, you will face court costs.

The prosecutor is correct in that you will need to know all the procedural rules that an attorney would know if you seek to represent yourself. 




   showed that Target was negligent in securing their information? I don't have any proof, but that doesn't mean I can't stir some shit up.

The purpose of the law is make people whole again and right wrongs, not to "stir shit up." 




 Sounds like you're either trolling or paranoid.

If neither of those are true, barricading yourself into your apartment will not help you.  Neither will running.

If the police do enter your apartment, do not answer any questions.  If you're placed under arrest you'll need an attorney as soon as possible. 




 You don't fill out a W2.  Your work *gives* you a W2 to show you how much money you've made and what you've paid in taxes so that you can file, by April 15, your taxes with the IRS/state.

It sounds like your friends is trying to have a little fun at your expense. 




 I understand I broke the mirror and should pay for it.

So do that. 




  You will be paying a big chunk of what you get to an attorney. 

This is entirely untrue.  Attorneys are limited to what they can collect, and in most states it's 1/3.  I've had clients come in after trying to work with insurance and there's not once instance where I didn't get them more money, even after taking 1/3, than they were being offered by insurance before.  Without an attorney the insurance company has no incentive to bargain with you. 




  I was about to say, "and you're a LAWYER?", but you're not, and that makes more sense.

I am a lawyer.  You owe them for the two classes you signed up for. 




  You can do a lot better for about $10.

It honest to goodness boggles my mind that people think no one could possibly disagree with their opinion. 




  There are things on my computer that could potentially be used against me

Sounds like you've done illegal things, unless I misunderstood you.
 




 There is no course of action that will improve your situation. Listen to your attorney. Buy a new computer. Don't use the new one for illegal activities.  




 You need your own attorney.  Don't discuss this case with anyone other than your attorney.  Don't speak with the authorities again under any circumstances unless your attorney is with you. 




  She just doesn't want to pay it. 

Take a guess on how successful that's going to be. 




  the only way you could get out of it is if you proved that during the time of conception, you could not have had sex with her. For example, you were in jail, in a coma, or out of the country with lots of witnesses. 

This still would not get you out of it. 
























 No, he doesn't. If he looks underage and is purchasing alcohol that is absolutely probable cause to detain them and ascertain their age.   




 He doesn't need a stop and identify law if he sees them purchasing alcohol and believes them to be underage.  




 He lets them go through with it because he cannot prove that they aren't 21

He can ask for their ID right then and there. 

You can always refuse a search. 




 On a scale from 0 to MC Hammer, this is a -1. 




 Louisiana does not allow medical marijuana for PTSD.  




 The costs to determine whether you are injured are valid costs. As far as malpractice goes, what are your damages? 




 What did I miss?? 




 HIPAA 




 I think most of the charges are unfounded

It doesn't sound like it.  It sounds like you were injured, received treatment, and owe the money.

think the hospital owes me in damages

Almost certainly not.

Did you ask the hospital about a payment plan? 




 I feel like some sections of reddit had such an unhappy childhood that they get angry whenever they see a child happy. 




 Don't slur attorneys in a sub full of attorneys offering free legal help.

If you are sued, and your medical records are relevant to the lawsuit, they can absolutely obtain those records. 




 It's unlikely that much can be done seeing as how this is the second time the dog has bitten someone.  




 Am I legally allowed to walk into his luxury store and demand he pay me? 

You can certainly approach him and calmly ask him to pay the money.  If he asks to to leave his property you must.

Or better, can I walk into his store and take $1678 worth of product?

Of course not.

You need to use legal processes to collect.  [See here.](http://research.lawyers.com/pennsylvania/pa-collecting-the-judgment.html) 




 Ya think I can beat the ticket?

Probably not.  The color thing doesn't matter one iota.  Even though you're from out of town, you are expected to be familiar with the laws where you travel.  Ignorance of the parking laws is no excuse. 




 Consent is not a two way street.  




 This question comes up all the time here. Consent is not a two way street. By remaining on the call, you consent to them recording. They have not consented to you recording.  




 So you can fake that note from your wife? 




 Dude what the fuck? 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2x0k2o/when_writing_physical_notes_to_loved_ones_do_you/ 




 [He just posted this in AskReddit.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2x0k2o/when_writing_physical_notes_to_loved_ones_do_you/) 




 Hey, you quoted me!  I'm famous! 




 What information?  Why can't you get it?  Don't quote statutes. 




 Still not helpful. Please explain in your own words what you are trying to accomplish without quoting any statutes.  




 Explain, in your own words, what documents you want and why you think they must go to an attorney.  




   I am very worried about my wife and am overwhelmingly distraught about where she might be.

Your actions (or lack thereof) indicate otherwise. 




  This is true, but I'm wondering if it will sound reasonable to the police.

No, it won't sound reasonable in the slightest.  Have you ever met another human being before? 




 This is, if true, one of the most fucked up posts I've ever seen on here, and that's *really* saying something.

Your wife disappears for 48 hours, and you have not yet contacted authorities, when most people would do it within a few hours.  You haven't contacted her friends and family to ask if they've seen her or to let them know there's a problem.  Even now, you plan to contact police "tomorrow morning" waiting yet another 12 hours for no reason whatsoever.

Before contacting police, however, your main concern is to avoid suspicion on yourself.  You're asking about procedural questions for talking to police when for all you know your wife could be kidnapped, injured, or worse.  You demonstrate no concern for her safety whatsoever, only concern for yourself. 




 He is a traitor that revealed state secrets for 15 minutes of fame.  




 [Most Americans oppose his actions and think he should stand trial.](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/poll-most-think-edward-snowden-should-stand-trial-in-us/) 




 Comment.  




 [Hmmm.](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/2013/06/I-dont-believe-you.gif) 




 Almost certainly not.  




 Workers comp has been paying medical bills and paying me 70% of income but I'm just curious if I should seek legal advice just to be safe.

It wouldn't hurt.  You can get a free consultation with an attorney that can let you know if you have any further claims. 




  Rather that it brought to the front of my mind just how very young the actresses seemed/looked.

An infant, which looks very different than a grown person, made you think about how porn actresses look young? 




 My daughter's vulva looks nothing like a grown woman's.  I have never conflated the two. 




 You can get the video through a records request or through the normal discovery process.  There is usually a fee for such things. 




 Abuse of legal painkillers is absolutely a huge problem.

That doesn't answer my question of why telling someone not to do illegal drugs is a bad message? 




 She is being sued by the other driver, not the driver's insurance company.

She needs to contact the insurance company she had at the time and inform them of the lawsuit.  They will provide an attorney for her and defend her up to the limits of her policy. 




  "DONT DO DRUGS"

I think the vast majority of people understand this to refer to illegal drugs.  How is that not a good message? 




 Just act like a normal person man.  You'll be fine. 




 Would I have a case if I tried to lawyer up and take them to court?

Please don't say lawyer up. 

It's unlikely any attorney would take this case on contingency, meaning you'd have to pay them a retainer that would likely be more than it would cost you to get the car painted. 

It's also unlikely that you'll get an entirely new paint job because they can't match the paint in the back. I don't think any judge or jury would see such a thing as reasonable.  




  Why should I be forced to write him a new check?

Because you're an adult. Act like it.  




  nudum pactum

I had a lot of those back in high school. 




 He's been staying with the permission of the friend making the friend the landlord subletting the place.  




 If nothing else you are absolutely guilty of refusing to blow into the Breathalyzer at the station which is going to be a 1 year suspension of your license. 




 5 years 




 Take that deal. You're going to lose your motion and your trial. We told you that last time.  




 The issue will turn on whether or not the judge thinks you were living at one place or another. The fact that you told the police officer one thing means the judge will likely lean that way.  




 I'm not sure if I'm correctly understanding, but even if you don't plan to live somewhere forever, if you're there for as long as you were that is your residence and you need to update your information. Usually you have 30 days after you move to do so.  




 If it's necessary for the officer to be there, he will be.  The idea that you can somehow wait it out in the hopes that he won't show is largely a myth. 




 Delaying won't work.  If it did everyone would just delay their court hearings.

You have no defense so far as I can see.

You can go to your court date and speak with the prosecutor.  The only plea you're likely to be offered is Unsafe Driving, which carries no points but is a $400-$500 fine. 




  I was going to sell my car since the tickets are only associated with the license plate not my driver's license number. 

It doesn't take Sherlock Holmes to find you. 




  I mean GE is able to not pay a dime in taxes, because they have the right argument, the right loophole, no?

[GE pays taxes.](http://www.factcheck.org/2012/04/warren-ge-pays-no-taxes/) 




  But "not buying it" isn't what I'm interested in hearing about.

Well, you get what you pay for.

Why, specifically, wouldn't this argument hold up?

Because your scheme, and it's obvious that's what this is, would not hold up under the law.  Even if you had some argument that would pass the laugh test, which you don't, the human beings that interpret and enforce these laws would see right through you. 




 But if the exact content of the receipt is necessary for the work of art, and it would be impossible to obtain a legitimate receipt for that amount from that store (its legitimacy is also necessary), doesn't it follow that I necessarily had to have purchased that item, and therefore it is a legitimate expense in regards to the art piece?

The resounding "no" remains.  No one will fall for this.  The IRS won't buy it, a judge won't buy it, a jury won't buy it.  It won't work. 




  I didn't say false accusations happen with regularity. I said drunk sex happens with regularity

I know what you said.  My point was that even with all that regular drunk sex happening, false rape accusations do not happen with regularity.  So they don't need to worry about it. 




  I get what you are saying but the reality is that on college campuses sex with strangers is a regularity. 

False rape accusations do NOT happen with regularity.  If you're concerned about it that much, only have sex with people you trust.  Don't have a one night stand. 




 They need a safe space to call children crotchfruit.  









 There is no private claim for a FERPA violation.  




  Shouldn't a person be aware that he is doing wrong?

I find it hard to believe that you didn't know you were not allowed to waltz into any open building you see, in the middle of the night, and destroy their property.  




 A burglar and a felon or a person that was a trouble maker would have had a prior history as a juvenile delinquent.

False. Plus your history has nothing to do with whether or not you committed this crime.  




 It creates an attorney client relationship which should be avoided here at all costs. 




 I've never seen anything like this happen before.  




 When asked why he decided not to arrest a felon in possession of a firearm

The prosecutor didn't object since this was entirely irrelevant?

actually discretely gave us the thumbs up while arranging some paperwork.

Uhhhhhh

after the cop testified they knew there was no way that proper procedure had been followed

Had they followed their instructions they should have disregarded this testimony entirely since it has nothing to do with the actual charge. 

After the verdict we got to speak to several members of the jury.

Maybe it's different in Wyoming but his would never happen in any jurisdiction I'm familiar with.  




 Aaron Sorkin is the best TV writer in history.  Come at me bro. 




  From my understanding, as the custodial parent the minimum parenting time is the only thing she has to agree to, and the judge will not force anything other than that unless the parents have a joint custody agreement, which requires agreement from both parties at least initially, which she will not agree to. 

Your understanding is incorrect. 




  it's whether the doctor violated a standard of car

Like when you clearly tell the rental place you want an SUV and they give you a Dodge Neon. 




 Compazine is also used to treat migraine headaches. 




 they are not meant to foreclose the parents from agreeing to, ***or the court from granting***, such additional or reduced parenting time as may be in the best interest of the child in any given case.

The court will not grant you the minimum time and there's no reason for you to assume to. 




  If she decides that she cant/wont then I am only entitled to non-custodial legal minimum.

What makes you think this?  There is no law that I know of that states anything close to this. 




 She can't do that.  She's not the one in the control of the situation, the judge is.  She doesn't get to decide how much time you get.

A judge will almost certainly award joint custody, since that's what they almost always do.  Additionally, as the primary care giver you have an excellent argument to have primary physical custody.

If you want to do this right you need an attorney. 




 If you were fired due to economic conditions then you have no recourse. You would have to prove somehow that your religious views were the cause-and it would take more than the timing of your firing to do so.  




 You're right bro. Fight the power!!  




 Touch.  
























  But there isn't a single professional I can think of that just responds with a joke without bothering to discuss a single aspect of the question.

Good thing this isn't an office or a professional environment and these posters aren't even close to clients. 

 




 Thank god you were here to carry the load. This is serious business!! 




 can they be charged with anything 

It's certainly possible if their admit to a crime within the statute of limitations.  In practice the police pursuing this is unlikely.   




   I think that should tell their lawyers what little involvement I had in it.

They still have a right, and frankly a duty to their client, to depose you under oath so they know for certain. 




 You must attend the deposition and give truthful testimony.  If you don't remember much, it's unlikely they will need you to testify at trial.  However, based on your recounting the story here, it appears you have a pretty good memory of what happened.  If either side decides they need your testimony you will be required to attend. 




 I am not going to pay the remainder of the invoice as he did not diagnose and repair the unit as agreed.

You are required to pay him as per your agreement.  If the job is more complicated that's not his fault, and he shouldn't be paid less for those reasons.

Am I within my rights here?

It does not appear so, no.

 I am going to send a certified letter stating this. Anything I should add?

A check for the balance that you owe. 




 This is not tantamount to a traffic ticket. It is worse than a traffic ticket. If you think you'll be a-okay living the rest of your life with an arrest warrant go for it.  




 NJ does not have felonies and misdemeanors it has crimes and disorderly persons offenses. You've been charged with a disorderly persons offense. If you don't show up you'll have a warrant that will follow you to whatever state you go to until it is satisfied. Anytime you need a background check this will show up.  




 It's unlikely that a minor will be permitted to represent themselves in court.  




  It is his child.

No it isn't. It is his pet. 

Because it wasn't human makes it okay to hold him in jail for days on end?

Yes because the law views the lives of humans as far more important than the lives of pets.  




 I love Hamburger Helper. Total comfort food.  




 Did this happen in New Jersey by any chance? 




 Well obviously the sent someone a letter requesting their insurance information!!  Isn't it clear?? /s 




 And I received a letter from one of the local ambulance chasing law firms asking for my homeowner's insurance info. 

Ambulance chasers is a insulting term thrown around to smear every single plaintiff's attorney whether they have a good case or not.  Please don't use it.

You have no responsibility to give your homeowners insurance info, but if you are sued, you will have no choice.  It's a good idea to inform them now of what happened so they are on notice. 




 It's brought up for discussion on a weekly basis. The sub is what it is.  




  I'm not saying that it 100% will work.

I'm saying it 100% WON'T work. 




  f it is a viable strategy in Oklahoma, you should to get your name off of all property, get off your joint checking account, get the cars in your husband's name only.

This is called a fraudulent transfer and in no way should OP do these things. 




 WHATCHA GONNA DOOOOOOOOO WHEN POPCORN RUNS WIIIIILLLD ON YOUUUUUUUU?!? 




 And if you're not happy with the free advice you get, you can go pay for better advice.  




 Jesus you sound like an asshole. You get what you pay for. You want to be a demanding prick? Pay an attorney.  









 Yes she can force you to through school related consequences.  




 [Bro.](http://media.tumblr.com/42b09f10a68934c150987314a42f82bc/tumblr_inline_mrljc7XOUd1qz4rgp.gif) 




  'Murica

Your plan, plus your frequent use of that stupid way to say America, demonstrates your lack of maturity. 




 Wait wait what if he needs a stamp?? 




 A part of me tells me to just let it go. 

Listen to that part.  




 Like what? 




 He means are you John Williams Jr, or Sr, or anything like that? 




 He should retain an attorney ASAP, and if he can't afford one he should ask to apply for the public defender at his first court date. 




 It is not a crime in NJ.  




 You were going 45 over. I doubt any attorney will have much luck getting you a violation with no points. The best they could do is maybe knock the speed down a bit so it's fewer points.  




 You can only protect your liberties in this world by protecting the other man's freedom. You can only be free if I am free.

-me 




 I wear a tie with a full Windsor everyday. No one cares.  




 It sounds like you have the bases covered. If you haven't recently, the only recommendation I have is to take those documents, the will, the powers of attorney, to a local estate attorney for review to ensure they are all up to snuff.  




 No more than 33% goes to the attorney. 




 You paid for his time. If he spent the time his bill is legitimate.  




 [File a complaint with the State Bar of California.](http://calbar.ca.gov/Attorneys/LawyerRegulation/FilingaComplaint.aspx)

 




 Yes, but they are rewarding. 

No they aren't. You'll find out shortly that your worst clients with the worst cases are the ones concerned about the principle of the thing.  




 I know that it was an invalid stop

How do you know? 




 [See here.](http://ballotpedia.org/Laws_governing_recall_in_Michigan)

You don't need an attorney.  You can circulate petitions as required by law and an election will be held to see if they are replaced or remain in their position. 




 Isn't what he said a blatant sexist comment?

Yeah, it sounds like it.  An isolated comment like that is not illegal, however.

If you can prove you didn't get the new position because you're a woman, you might have a valid complaint. 




  How does one obtain a lawyer during questioning? (since, at least in my town, they do not operate off retainers)

You may not be able to.  All questioning will cease.  You will then either be released, or placed under arrest. 

If you are arrested and able to make bail, you'll be free to find your own attorney, or apply for the PD.  If you cannot make bail you'll need to find a way to get in touch with an attorney or apply for the PD. 




 In addition to Jimmy Carter mentioned below, in 1992 Clinton did not win the block, but Louisiana and Georgia voted for him.  He won Louisiana in 1996 too. 




 You have been eternally damned by the Master Ruseman! 




 When the judge asks how do you plead, you say not guilty. Then you get a new court date. Get an attorney or apply for the PD in the meantime.  




 I don't even know what the hell that means. No, if a woman assaults a man she can and likely would get charged with assault.  




 They would not pay and you'd last less than 10 seconds in any court before your case was dismissed.  




  I know the constitution forward and back

Congrats!  How about the rules of evidence?  Rules of court?  Have you cross examined someone before?  Do you know the proper procedure for filing a document with the court? 




 It's likely that you can swear an oath without raising your right hand so long as the judge is satisfied you understand what the truth is and the consequences if you do not tell the truth.

In reality if you refused all that would happen is you'd piss off the judge and everyone would think you were a weirdo. 




 PS Admins...I hope this post is ok. If I did something wrong, please tell me and I will edit whatever I can.

We don't do referrals here.  You can contact your local bar association and ask for a referral to an area attorney. 




 There's a million ways to "honor" someone's work without running afoul of copyright law.  You'd need to be more specific as to what you intend. 




 I want to present a promotional based operation plan that has high potential to boost sales.

Okay.

What is my best course of action legally?

I see no legal issues here.

What should I do for compensation? i.e. a royalty based contract?

You can get any compensation your boss agrees to.  That can be anything from her making you a partner to you getting a nice pat on the back. 




 Wasn't this the plot of Catch-22? 




 You have done a fine job of rationally understanding the comments given here. You're able to articulate your concerns. I think any court would believe you to be rational enough to sign a contract.  




 You can't plea down a refusal either. We occasionally get things right. Occasionally.  




 You cannot plea down a DUI in New Jersey. If you can't afford an attorney ask the judge to apply for the public defender.  




 You cannot plea down a DUI in New Jersey.  




 Listen to the advice of your attorney. He knows your case better than anyone.  




 No, they haven't consented to you recording them. And no, lying doesn't work. Just be a normal person.  




 http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/ooooooh.gif 




 It's somethin' that you need to have

Cause when she leave yo' ass she gonna leave with half 









 No. Highway means any street in the state.  




 There's no way any reasonable person would think this is safe.  




 Your only real option for a downgrade is what's called unsafe driving, which is no points but a big fine, usually 400-500.  




 Any BAC can get you a DUI.  Blowing a .07 does NOT get you off scott free.  It simply means that the State has to prove your impairment instead of your impairment being presumed. 




  driving with a non-zero BAC below the legal limit is not legally considered to be impaired driving

Yes, it is.  You can absolutely get a DUI for BAC under the legal limit.  If your BAC is over .08, you are presumed to be impaired.  That doesn't mean if you're impaired and driving at .07 that you get off scot free.  There's simply more that the State has to do to prove your impairment. 




 [Kennedy and Reagan both do fairly well in rankings of presidents by historians, not just the general public.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_rankings_of_Presidents_of_the_United_States) 




  Yes I was publicly schooled; but do we give grade schoolers a choice in attendance? 

Your parents did.  They could have home schooled you. 




 I think you're lying... 




 Medical malpractice is very fact specific, and requires more than just, something went wrong.  It requires the patient to show that the doctors acted outside the standard of medical care; in other words, that no doctor acted reasonable would do what these doctors did.  Everyone with a med mal case thinks their facts fit that standard, but few actually do.  You can make an appointment with an attorney for a free consultation to discuss your case. 




 It is not rape. Dogs are property not people, and rape laws do not apply to them.  




 Are you required to appear in court? If not pay the ticket online.  




 You got a break. If you try to take advantage of it you can and likely will get your original speeding ticket issues to you. The officer can issue you a ticket at any time up to the statute of limitations.  




 It doesn't look like that guy is an attorney and he doesn't know what he's talking about and offers no support for his position that looking too young is not probable cause. It is. If you look too young an officer can absolutely arrest you and ascertain your age.  
























