 Can't change title now but yes it was a wanted ad that the victim posted and the killer responded to 














 My cat goes crazy whenever she smells, sees or hears me open up a can or packet of tuna. But give her some tuna and she'll take a single bite drop it on the floor and walk away. WTF Cat? 




 How U Doin? 




 That's a great find. E Pluribus Anus! 




 Ever see Roiland's Unbelievable tales? Pre Mr. Sprinkles WTF craziness | Unbelievable Tales: http://youtu.be/vpejckQgpeg 




 The interior may be cheaper and style may be American but the Chrysler LX/LC platform (Charger/Challenger/300/Magnum) is actually based on the Mercedes E Class chassis from when Daimler owned Chrysler. 


































 Save your bacon grease and use that instead of oil. That's how my grandma taught me and I won't do it any other way. 




 Sucks about Anakin but Hayden's Vader was always a little bitch amirite? And Ryan Dunn was a genuinely cool guy. Met him at SEMA Show in Vegas outside on a smoke break and mentioned to him my gf (now wife) were fans of CKY (pre-jackass) and she was good friends with his cousin. He told me to call her up and he talked with her for a few minutes, told her to say hi to his cousin and to make sure we come by at their next reunion coming up. Then we just talked about cars and what we saw at the show. He died I think sometime the next year and was genuinely sad. Plus he was vilified in the media for the crash. Sucked all the way around. 




 Yeah Kevin James' entire career is based on being the every man schlub loser that people identify with. Who the fuck does he think he is? 




 Prime example of why there will always be demand for cars. 




 Natural. Selection. 




 Eating a steady diet of government cheese and living down by the river... Van 














 I have even heard that his essay series on "The International Jew: The World's Foremost Problem" actually inspired Hitler to take action and create what he called "The Final Solution" with the extermination camps. It's quite insane. But how about that new Ford GT EH?! 




 I have a mid 2010 Mac Mini with 8GB RAM   SSD Hybrid with a 27" ASUS monitor. Fast and cheap as hell. 
























 For $80k you might as well get a Tesla instead for a few bucks more. But maybe that's what he's getting at with letting this generation of ELR retire so they can have something better to go after Tesla with in the future. He's been involved with that E-tron R8 at Audi. I'm all for something like that. 









 Your copy paste cop defense argument is weak. This was a murder. And he lied in the police report to CYA. 




 Next outrage: Cop shoots a 12 year old kid in the back. Why is it always shoot to kill? Why is running or holding a gun or resisting arrest now an instant death sentence? Even Rodney King wouldn't have a chance these days. 




 Rutledge Wood is just great. So are Freiburger   Finnegan. Hey Derek. 




 Yeah I'm okay with Top Gear USA. It's not gonna be the same so I'm glad they abandoned the British format after S1. Who needs 10 minutes every episode with some asshole celebrity driving a cheap car around the same track? Rutledge Wood is the breakout star of TGA. Tanner can really drive. Adam I'm still not sold on. Adam Carolla might be good in that spot but you'll eventually have to fire him for being a dick like Clarkson.

But TGA is better than no Top Gear or all these dumb shows about flipping cars for cash, screwing people over and being a douchebag. We have our quota there. Also TGA doesn't shit all over American cars at every turn. Roadkill is fun but most of those cars are complete garbage not worth putting a dime into. I guess that's part of its charm though. 









 However I'm pretty sure Top Gear will carry on...after all, how many different Dr. Who's has the BBC put on the air? 




 Exactly. Sure he's funny and makes good television but he's a big ugly bigoted asshole baby. You can't drop the N word on camera, incite a near riot in a foreign country, and beat up your producer in the span of a few months and expect to remain employed by a state run television network. 





























 Enough with all these cooking competition and 'rescue' shows. Show me how to make something good or show me where to find the best stuff to eat without forcing me to endure Bro Fieri. 




 PLOT TWIST: Road Head! Better call in the SWAT Team! 




 Yep. Duke's or GTFO 




 Also distant relative to 80's New Wave band Oingo Boingo https://youtu.be/Jm-upHSP9KU 




 Growing up in West Michigan (now considered a craft beer hot spot) my first time trying Bell's was in the late 90's while visiting friends at Western in Kalamazoo for a football game one weekend. 

During that weekend visit we went to Bell's brewery (think I was 22) and I tasted and then drank several pints of awesome beers that got me much drunker than your standard Bud Light (coupled with a concert out back with the local Kalamazoo band Knee Deep Shag).

The beers I remember most were: Oberon, Two Hearted IPA, and Java Stout. Those 3 kinda changed my life as far as getting into beer. Before that it was all mainly high school and college keg parties with Busch Light, MGD, PBR Tall Boys or 40's of Malt Liquor because we all listened to gangsta rap and wanted to be like Ice Cube.

Today's beer hipsters may say Bell's or Sam Adams are too big or mainstream now. But you gotta remember 15-20 years ago nobody was really doing these kinds of beers or at least had any real distribution so it was pretty cool to have something like Bell's and also have it made in your backyard.

So now and forever: Cheers to Bell's from me. HopSlam is pretty good too (but IPA's are not that interesting to me anymore) and I've been out of the loop on other Bell's special beers and have some new favorite breweries these days. But I do still stock up on my 3 Bell's favorites whenever I come home to Michigan. :-) 




 To be fair, this person may lose their job on this movie set, but it was a judgment call to post the video and this hero decided the Internet needed some Quaid Rage. And they were right. Totally worth it. 




 Wow. Amazing. Both Dennis and Randy are at the top of their crazy game right now. 




 Has anyone ever answered more AmA questions? You seem genuinely excited to be here and have much more of a rsum and following than I knew. Stay cool. Definitely not a Rampart situation. 









 I've got a Tahoe Limited (last of that GMT400 era) and I still love it. Great looking trucks. Everything since then hasn't 'done it' for me. Gonna give it an LSX heart transplant at some point and retire the old 350 SBC. Also a 4L80 instead of 4L60. 
























 Not personally but a couple friends have and said it is awesome and totally worth it. 




 Clean, dry, was my body and hair
I threw on my brand new NASA underwear
for all the bitches I might take home
I got the Johnson baby powder and Cool Water cologne
Now I'm fresh, dressed, like a million bucks
Threw on my aviators, with my all blue chucks... 




 Coffee Cat Friends 




 He's clearly trolling and knows his audience (American dudes). But I think he's confident that they're going to go head to head with Germany this generation. 




 LOL the original source would be the Facebook post everyone is citing. Just because it's on Motor Trend doesn't make it the 'Original' source. 









 A few years ago I flew from Nashville to LA and Val Kilmer was in the seat in front of me. In the back in coach. On a commercial flight. All he carried on was a backpack and a painting he bought or someone gave him that day. I think he was in town doing some Indie film with Nicole Kidman.

Anyway, here was this once big movie star, Batman, Jim Morrison, Doc Holladay, Ice Man from Top Gun, The Saint, Real Genius, Heat, Top Secret, etc. overweight and on a flight packed with normal people all staring at him sort of wondering why he's there. Kinda felt bad for him, but for the better part of a 3+ hour flight he was just the chillest guy ever like 'The Dude'. 

He would talk to anyone who wanted to chat him up, was patient and never condescending answering the same questions over and over, taking pictures with people. He did tell us that Doc in Tombstone is THE role people quote or bring up to him every day which didn't surprise anyone. He also said there are some big Real Genius and Top Secret fans (both classics). I'm really into cars and he told me he had a GTO and we talked about that for a bit.

I heard he was having some health problems last year and I know his career hasn't been the best of late. But this picture makes me smile.

Val Kilmer abides. 




 Spotify could easily go lossless at some point just like Netflix and YouTube are now adding/accepting 4k content. I don't think the general public is going to care either way. Is it simpler than pirating? does it work well? Do they have the music I want to hear? Lossless quality is a consideration but further down the list. 




 As HOV says: 'Numbers don't lie check the scoreboard' 




 There will be a tipping point for electric cars to be the predominant automobile. Maybe 15 years out? The charging infrastructure will get better, the range will get better, they will get cheaper, etc. The infrastructure I don't see being a huge problem because except for long trips, you just plug it in at home every day. You are your own gas station.  I hear of Chevy Volt owners rarely buying any gas.

I think self driving cars are going to take a lot of work, testing, and PR/convincing before the general public is confident in it. It's a neat option but people do like driving. And car enthusiasts really like driving. Will racetracks eventually be the only place to do it? That is maybe 40-50 years away? 
























 Seems like there is a ton of opposition to this idea and I don't know why. Vader in the black suit ruling the empire with Palpatine in his evil prime between Revenge of the Sith and A New Hope would be pretty sweet. Lots of meat there. 









 Something I've never been able to find online and I don't think it's on the DVD's either is a sketch from HBO's late 90's 'The Chris Rock Show' called "Explosions". It was a parody of disaster movies like Armageddon or The Core where random explosions are happening all over the World and Chris Rock plays the president. At one point he yells at his cabinet saying something like "We gotta do something about these explosions!" And it was just hilariously perfect. But it seems to be nowhere on YouTube, however his similar fecal themed disaster movie trailer "Shitstorm" (which may have inspired "Sharknado" for all we know) is relatively easy to find. 




 You were watching Drunk History over memorial day weren't you? 




 2" front. 3" or 4" rear. It's kinda low stock. http://imgur.com/kBxvkld 




 I dig it. Gonna drop my GMT 400 Tahoe Limited soon. Needs shocks and bushings anyway 









 I know there are plenty of Mexicans/Latinos in American metal bands like Deftones, P.O.D., Suicidal Tendencies (Robert Trujillo now in Metallica), RATM hmm who else? 









 I won't call it shit, but Be Here Now did kinda sound to me like it was 'regurgitated' from the first 2 albums to use Noel's favorite word. Sounded great, but was more sizzle, and less steak. You know what some might say... ;-) 
























