 Over plan, over plan, over plan!

Make sure that you are rather firm on your classroom procedures and expectations from day 1. Once you have a relationship with your kids, you can ease up on management.

Depending on your grade level, make sure that the first week (unless high school) is really just get to know you activities, team building things, expectations, etc.

Take a deep breath!  




 I work in a very similar population, about 90% hispanic with high levels of LEP and NEP students.(This will be my second year) 
I absolutely agree with brettbaileysingshigh(below)!

I would also say to be a hard ass from the get go. Last year, my first year, I wanted my kids to know that I cared and that turned into me being a target for being walked on. Be firm on your rules and expectations! 

Also, make a friend in a veteran teacher! They will know your kids and what works and what doesn't work.

Most importantly, BE YOURSELF!! Kids no when you are being fake in behaviors, rules, etc. Show them how much you care with firm expectations and love! 




 YIN, Yang!! 
























 PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN!!! (It is beautifully musky, damp, swampy and just altogether Disney! 




 I have a kiddo that sounds just like this kid ,Cameron. I agree with what everyone has said about positive reinforcement, but all of that can take time.

I would suggest a simple change. Do not ask, tell. 
For example, rather than saying " I'd like you to stop talking", say "Cameron, stop talking" or you could put a more positive spin on it and say "Cameron, this is important. You'll want to hear this."

Also, try to have as many of these conversations in private, unless he is shouting out during your instruction. 




 I drink a good deal of wine the first week as well ;) 
























 Thanks! Yeah, I work in an urban school, so my school can assist with any of the funds, but I would very much like a similar pay raise.  




 Lovely! I love how the characters actually look like themselves.
Sometimes tattoos distort their faces...not this one ! 




 I am currently a second year teacher (who desperately wants to enroll in grad school). 
For more experienced teachers, when would be the best time to go back for grad school?(3rd year? 4th year? Now?)
Any helpful ideas would be greatly appreciated! 
























 Yes! I am really starting to get the feeling that I might get more out of the experience if I wait.Thank you for the advice! 




 Thank you! I was just feeling worried that if I did not start now, that I might be one of those teachers, 30 years in the future, who wishes that they got their masters.
It's awesome to hear that your experience may have been better after waiting. 




 Thank you. These are some awesome questions that I will definitely ask myself. 
Truthfully, I miss being a student, I would love a pay raise and I feel like if I don't go back soon, I won't go back at all.
 
























 Beautifully put! I definitely think that I am going to wait three years! 




 Thanks! 
I am starting to see that many, experienced teachers are suggesting waiting until year 3.
I want to be the best teacher for my kids, as soon as I can. 




 Thanks! 
I am just worried that the workload might be a little too much. 
























 Take care of yourself!!! 
Take breaks, spend time with friends and family.

It is definitely important to work hard and learn a lot in your student teaching;however, it is important that you are sane enough to take in that new wisdom! 




 Lovely! 




 Matryoshka 
























