 The internet is full of people from all over the world.

Reddit is part of the internet. 


Some people are stupid, stubborn, arrogant, or just plain assholes. Sometimes all of the above. 

Nowhere else besides the internet can you interact with so many people all at once. 

You're bound to come across this pretty regularly. Don't let it get to you or let it tarnish your view of humanity as a whole. 




 Perhaps its just a thought provoking question that could garner some interesting answers from people ranging from hilarious to sound advice, or sometimes both, quite likely read by some new users, as these questions are viewable by everyone and not just the person who asked the question. 




 I really wanted to tell her that there was some problems and point at her kids and say "Their atrocious manners, or in this case lack thereof, was the problem."

I probably would have gotten written up for that though, no matter the situation. 




 A very detailed story about my cats Prince of Persia antics that resulted in broken things and toilet water all over. 




 Millions of active subscribers on a single subreddit, and occasionally a question gets asked that's better suited for a different sub.

*IMAGINE THAT!* 




 There needs to be pre warning in general, so people aren't surprised by a sudden blockage in the road and 10 relatively unprotected people. 

Also, a good portion of the time it's a lane closure, and they begin to taper the two lanes into one slowly giving 2 lanes of cars plenty of time to merge into one, in theory.

Also, they're often preparing construction even where they aren't current working (or so it appears). This can be misleading. They are actually doing something there. 




 I don't know. I've never met my teenage parents. 




 Remove the word naked and that's not a sentence that makes any sense... 

"I had my clothes on, buy at least the dog was." 




 An underage smoking ticket. I was under 18, and smoking, so let me clarify *why* this was so ridiculous. 

The legal smoking age in the US (or any tobacco products for that matter) is 18. This is also the age where you legally become an adult. 

I was definitely breaking the law, so a ticket was in order, but here's the fun part: Since I was 17 years old, I was charged as an adult, which for this particular citation meant triple the fine. Instead of a $100 fine, I got a $300 fine. 

Yes, you read that right. I was **charged as an adult for committing a crime that had I been an adult, would not have been a crime.** 




 People who are quiet. A lot of times these people have some degree of social anxiety and the last thing they need is to be called out about being quiet and become the center of attention. Happens way too frequently. 




 TIL. Never ceases to amaze me how no matter what the topic is there is *always* a relevant subreddit. 




 If you have to resort to asking anonymous people on the internet, it's not very thoughtful... at least not on your part... 




 I work in a gas station and this kind of thing is bound to happen occasionally and it's not really a big deal. Sometimes you grab something thinking you want it and decide you want something else and put it down there. It's lazy but not really a big deal. 

The other day though... this lady stops right in front of the door (which is a no parking zone as per fire code) but made a very fast beeline to the bathroom. I figured she had a turtle head poking out so I let it slide (no pun intended) and said nothing. She was in there for like half an hour. When she finally came out she just walked outside and got in her car and sat there for another 10 or so minutes. Then she got back out and came inside with 2 girls (I'd guess 10 and 13). I figured they were gonna buy something, but no, she says to the kids "Wait for me here I'll be right back".

The kids immediately begin grabbing handfuls of merchandise from one shelf and putting it on other shelves. Like 30+ misplacements with a minute. So I calmly walked out and began putting things back where they belong and said "You're gonna stop doing that." Now one of the kids keeps grabbing a random item and running to me saying "How much is this???", handing it to me and then saying "Never mind I don't want it" while the other one slinks away behind some shelves or aisles to continue misplacing items and potentially steal shit. 

Normally when I watch a suspicious person, I try to make like I'm doing something else that requires me to be near them until I actually see them shoplifting or whatever. Not this time, these kids were straight up **brats.** I just stood there staring daggers at them the entire time their mom was in the bathroom. 

So like 10 more minutes go by and mom comes back out of the crapper and says to the kids "Were there any problems? Did anyone bother you?" The older one says "This guy (points to me) was following us around staring. It was scary." then hugs her mom. Her mom gives me a death stare and says something about how she was gonna buy something but not anymore, bitches a bit more and storms out with her daughters. I was dumbfounded. 




 If it's regular than yeah, but a lot of minimum wage dead end jobs have extremely sporadic schedules and this happening from time to time really isn't that ridiculous. 




 Midwest USA. 




 That's impossible without knowing the highest form of evolution, which would be purely guesswork for a multitude of reasons. 




 Life has no objective meaning to it other than to continue. So if you really want an objective meaning, it's to survive long enough to fuck enough times to have at least a few healthy well adapted offspring to perpetuate your genes. That's kinda depressing though, looked at as face value. 

Aside from that, every person's "purpose" ,if you will, is for themselves to decide. 




 Telling someone to walk in and demand (politely) to speak with a hiring manager to leave a good impression, and in theory upping your chances of being hired.

More often than not these managers are busy as fuck with all types of things, not just looking through applications and resumes, and chances are pretty good they've already seen your resume anyway. They often feel like you're just wasting their time. 

This applies less to small business and "mom and pop" stores but let's face it how many competitive wage jobs can be found in those markets? 




 "Is your ass jealous of the incredible amount of shit that comes out of your mouth?" 
























 Who the fuck doesn't think dogs can look up? Someone who's literally never seen a dog before? 




 That doesn't even remotely refute his statement that a single bullet *can absolutely kill someone instantly if it hits the right spot.* 




 Literally anything can be psychology addictive... 




 Alcohol 




 [The coke scene from Corky Romano.]( https://youtu.be/QQN7WPleL9o ) 




 Driving on freeways (interstates) through rural areas with no exit for miles and miles. I don't know why. 




 007 Goldeneye for N64. 

Either that or Red Faction. I think that was for 64, but I could be thinking of something else. 




 I haven't got the patience to explain how ridiculous this question is. 




 Vanilla. 




 I stopped using facebook when I realized that I don't want to spend all day listening to everyone I know bitch and moan about stupid mundane crap while I'm doing my own thing on my free time. I listen to it enough when I'm socially obligated to do so in person. 

I also have quite a lot of family members (and to a lesser extent friends) who have views on certain topics that are just appalling in my opinion. I don't want to constantly read their opinions on said topics. I can pretty easily put my foot down in person and say I'm not having a conversation about something. 




 Because people will pay for it. 




 Further manned space exploration. 

Cmon Mars! 




 To understand human nature and evolve socially and economically for a future brighter than the past one must study blunders, failures, and atrocities as well as the heart warming events we wish to remember. 




 Oh this is gonna be a fun read later. 




 World Of Warcraft: Cataclysm

All in all it was fun but they began massively nerfing even heroic mode raids within the first month to cater to casual players but allowed them access the exact same titles and gear and effectively devalued the hard work of more dedicated raiders. 




 Anytime someone wins the lotto or inherits a large sum of money. 




 Once you're actually orbiting the earth you're not accelerating anymore but instead you're free falling toward the earth at the same rate of speed that the earth is curving away from you. You experience g-force during acceleration, so you would not experience any g-force while orbiting.

Edit: Its also worth noting that the speed at which you need to go to escape earth's gravity depends on a number of things but in this situation mostly the angle at which you're moving. At the speed of light, something with mass could orbit the earth at nearly surface level, assuming nothing got in the way, such as a tree, or a car, a building or a human. 




 Thin crust 

Tangy sauce 

Light layer of fresh mozzarella/provolone mixture, finely grated 

Mushrooms 

Onions 

Evenly spread thin sliced pepperoni 

Evenly spread sausage 

Evenly spread Canadian bacon 

Green olives, sliced medium thin

Another thin layer of the mozzarella/provolone mix

A thin layer of freshly grated Parmesan cheese 

A few thinly sliced cloves of roasted garlic spread evenly 

Baked at 400 for about 12 minutes 

Broiled for about 2 minutes for a golden brown top

Allow to rest for 5 minutes, slice and enjoy 

You're welcome. Your taste buds will love you. 




 Hive mind and trending opinions that change frequently. 

Nothing will fix it. 
























 Is that sticky? Just curious for preparations sake lol 




 Spit = no bueno. Got that. 




 Why am I getting downvotes for legitimate questions? I'm not pushing an agenda I'm genuinely curious about opinions and suggestions... I'd be happy to have my girlfriend join in on the discussion. 




 Noted. 




 It was the heat of the moment, we didn't think about google. Haha 




 Good point. I thought about that too. 




 I went really really slow and let her decide what was what. I thought about lube but I've had issues with lube before because I have generally sensitive skin and I'm uncircumcised. 




 I was thinking this, the lube part. 

Here's the problem. I'm uncircumcised and I've had issues with sensitive skin all over my body and particular issues with lube on my member. Luckily I know how to get things going with her so for vaginal sex lube is completely unnecessary.

Suggestions? 




 I feel you. I still feel the same way about Wisconsin winters.... 100 degrees 7 months out of the year isn't fun but I deal with it better than I do 20 below with a wind chill. I guess it's all about what you're used to. 




 Good question. 

TBH, I don't care either way. I just want it to be viewed equally. 

Similar to me not caring how many partners my SO has had in the past, why should her partners be calculated differently than mine? 




 That yes, and if you work outside that alone is a calorie burner. I worked outside for 3 years doing construction. It was awful. 




 The ocean breeze in Galveston actually helps significantly. 

The road you're referring to is Seawall BLVD and yeah it's nice as long as you don't have to park lol. 




 You know when it's 80 degrees outside and sunny, and your black car has been sitting in the direct sunlight for hours windows up and you sit down in it and you instantly become damp with sweat, and it feels like the heat is crushing? That's what it's like to just walk outside on a typical summers day in Houston. 




 That you're not allowed to say anything negative about a minority if you're not one yourself or you're considered a racist/homophobe/transphobe etc no matter the context or situation or how you word it. 

That its okay for a woman to fly off the handle and verbally abuse a man, sometimes even physically. Call names, shout, throw things, push or even punch. But if the guy retaliates at all suddenly he's the fucking spawn of Satan and deserves to be carted off to jail. 

That its okay for women to ogle men and drool over his stunning manly features, but if a guy gets caught sheepishly glancing at a nice ass or chest he's a pig objectifying women. 

That its okay for women to call people "sweetie" or "dear" or "baby" (that last one is definitely regional, more common in the south) or other such things in a perceived to be endearing motherly way, but a man would be written up, suspended or even fired from work if he tried to do that. *To clarify I have no desire to do this, but I find it uncomfortable when females do this to me and wish it was the same universally.*

That it's okay to publicly "show concern" for someone who appears to be too thin, or joke about it and ask if they ever eat anything, or say a strong gust of wind would blow them away. Try the same thing with someone who's overweight. "Haha, do you ever stop eating? JK LMAO!". "You're so heavy it might take a forklift to move you! Haha!". 




 Slightly relevant, I somewhat recently moved to Appleton from Houston and I find it hilarious when people whine and stress about "traffic" here being horrendous. Obviously the picture linked here is a joke, but coming from Houston I find the lack of traffic here to be rather refreshing. 

Also the "heat". As soon as it hits like 73 degrees people are acting like we're in an inferno. 9 months out of the year in Houston 73 is a rather cool night, temps hitting 95-110 by 10am every day for the majority of the year. I don't go into that much detail with the average complainer of heat but I do laugh and say I think it's nice out, but then again I'm from Houston. So they respond with "YEAH BUT THAT'S *DRY* HEAT!". Funny, cause Houston is only an hour (with traffic) from the Gulf, prone to tropical storms, hurricanes and very high humidity. 

Anywho, I got a kick outta the pic. 




 The article won't load on my mobile can someone summarize it for me real quick? 




 Have you ever tried to become addicted to a carrot? They're awful. 

First of all, that's an opinion. Some people rather enjoy carrots. 

I don't subscribe nor do I think the scientific community subscribes to the idea that you can become addicted to anything. 

Well, your carrot example was sort of a reduced and exaggerated one. Is a person likely to become addicted to carrots specifically even if they like them? No. But they could easily become addicted to the idea of eating healthy, for example, and overdo it to an unhealthy point. Things aren't black and white usually. 


I agree, most addiction comes from reinforcing behavior through reward systems. Let me rephrase. 

Anything a person can do multiple times over an extended period of time, that *that particular individual finds to be satisfying* yet not satisfying enough to ever be completely satisfied, can become psychologically addictive. Video games, working out, biting nails, smoking weed, masturbation, cleaning their living space, throwing a ball into a cup, *throwing up* etc. You get the picture. There are obvious exceptions, such as suicide for example. Not much chance of becoming addicted to committing suicide. 

Are you familiar with OCD? I have OCD. I also have a generally addictive personality. I've become psychologically dependant on numerous things throughout my life, and some make more sense than others, but they're all similar in one aspect: I find it to be satisfying, but never satisfied enough to call it quits, and I am able to repeat it over a lengthy period of time. An obsessive behavior or thought process associated with OCD is remarkably similar to becoming addicted to say, playing WoW. 




 I think this question is oddly right up my alley at this moment in time... 

I actually just had ana sex for the first time with my girlfriend last night *very briefly I might add* it was her first time too. 

It was easier than I think we both thought it'd be to get it started, but by no means could I have "accidentally" fully penetrated her anus. I have drunkenly fumbled in the dark before and accidentally pressed up against the back door but nowhere near actual penetration. 




 I don't think it's even a myth, I think it's just a saying referencing how nimble cats are and how to a far less nimble human they seem to scrape dangerously close to serious injury/and walk away unscathed. 





























  Inside they found several items consistent with being used to print counterfeit currency including paper, scissors, glue and a printer.

Holy shit I think I might know hundreds of counterfeiters! 




 Yeah I'll just constantly remove the drivers seat from my car because I dropped yet another thing. 




 Are you being serious? 




 You mean when you take the Browns to the Superbowl? 




 Well, you can't cook *that* much if you only use 2 pans.. 









 She's already replied to this and was reading all of it as it went down. 

Everyone here took me the wrong way and alienated me.

Last time either of us post here. 




 It's hard for me to understand why this hasn't happened already. 

People are the way they are and some of them are aware that the way they are is harmful and illegal. They have really no outlet to express things and be taken seriously without getting locked up. 




 [I'm the type to pick a fight with Phoenix Jones and eat his bones]( https://youtu.be/FVHWxESdN4o ) 




 She read this too and is unsure why I'm being labeled an ass. 

Sometimes I hate reddit. 




 In the heat of the moment, yes. 




 Well extreme heat and humidity isn't fun. I just deal with it better than cold I guess. 




 More power to you man. Wish I knew how to like it. 




 THE ANSWER WAS YES 




 I am not unwilling.

Fucks sake. Y'all are treating me like a rapist. 




 We did stop and finish elsewise....

Where in what I said made anyone think different??? 




 Okay. 

Please keep in mind this wasn't a premeditated act where I refused lube... This was a heat of the moment decision that wasn't as good for both parties and I was trying to get a female perspective on... 




 Quite possibly. But well see. 
























  The district attorneys office declined to file charges against the officers. Deputy Dist. Atty. Rosa Alarcon wrote in a memo about the shooting that Diaz Zeferinos right hand was no longer visible from the officers angle and that it was reasonable for them to believe he was going to reach for a weapon.

This shit needs to stop. This kind of answer is such a common one size fits all answer in regards to unwarranted police shootings, and it seems to fly an alarming majority of the time. 

Basically the translation is "Well cops have a dangerous job, they made a split second decision that was well within their rights to make, so no ones getting in trouble."

I'm fucking sorry, but 3 cops shooting someone 8 times point blank where there was no weapon is absolutely unacceptable.

Due to the miscommunication with the dispatcher who mistakenly reported it as a robbery (dispatch here is also very much at fault....) guns trained is understandable. But what it escalated to was absolutely not. 

We absolutely need to find a peaceful solution to this type of thing. Police need to stop being able to hide behind their badges and the authority to make tough decisions and be held fucking accountable for their actions. 




 That depends on way too many unknown factors to provide an accurate answer. 

Here's the best I can do:

If you're trying to gain weight, consume more calories than you burn. 

If you're trying to lose weight, consume less calories than you burn.

If you're trying to maintain weight, consume approximately the same amount of calories that you burn. 




 Uhh. That's kinda like asking "People of reddit with an anus, when did you discover you had an anus?" 




 I've always been a naturally good swimmer. I float well naturally and can also dive and hold my breath for a long time. I'm comfortable in the water. 

I took swimming lessons at age 7 initially because it was required of me for a summer program I was in and all that really served to do was improve my technique. I'm certainly no Olympic swimmer, don't get me wrong, but I honestly can't recall a time where swimming was ever difficult for me, it always came naturally and I've grown up around water. 




 Motorola Droid Mini is a fairly budget phone and pretty decent. 

LG has made some decent budget phones in the past. 

Samsung's older phones such as the S4 are getting to the budget price range and are still good. 

You should check out MKBHD on YouTube. His reviews on smart devices are really good. Short, to the point, accurate and amusing.

Personally, I would say most budget type phones aren't worth it unless you really need a replacement and it's all you can afford. They aren't *that* much cheaper than a better phone. 




 Fuck it. Flat rock and a piece of bark. 




 Have you ever wondered why some people like onions on their pizza and some don't? 




 Shit got dark quick. 




 This made me laugh during a quick smoke break at a stressful day at work. Thanks. 




 29 and 8. So no. 




 I occasionally get sort of a morning sickness from acid reflux. I wish I had a remedy for it. 




 Most people have this ability, it sounds like you've recognized it and tapped into it possibly because you're somewhat passionate about it. I'd do some research into careers that would use the skill and sound fulfilling. 




 Ask. 

Guys tend to be oblivious to subtle signs of affection or attraction. Worst case scenario he says no, but unless you light a neon sign for him chances are you'll never know. 




 The huge gaping flaw in this logic is that keeping a cocaine habit down to "occasional use" is pretty fuckin hard for your average person. 




 You're wrong. She was criticized for her poor decisions regarding reddit and as large groups of immature upset people (which would be pretty much the entire world under the right circumstances) do, they did and said anything they thought would provoke a response or reaction. 

Her reaction was the right reaction but Reddit simply did what people do. 




 You heard wrong then. I've worked 3 different telemarketing jobs and you absolutely have the ability and right to hang up. 




 One problem with that though, those ad videos pay fractions of cents so people would have to watch scores to buy one ticket. 




 Smell really good 




 I live in America and we have bagged milk... 
























 It's actually not my problem at all .

I can absolutely deny your $100 bill because I can't break it and there isn't one thing you can do about it, aside from go elsewhere. 

If you're polite I will apologize and sincerely mean it. If you're an ass I'll be an ass too. 

Good luck finding a gas station that at midnight can comfortably break a 100 dollar bill. Gas stations are prime targets for robberies especially in the middle of the night. We drop our till down to $100 or less on a regular basis.

Of course you wouldn't know this if you come from a town of 2000 people. Welcome to the vast majority of the population of the world.

Cheers. 




 [I see your Bogan and raise you Appalachian Hillbilly]( https://youtu.be/03iwAY4KlIU ) 




 Annnndd this is how words completely lose their meaning and how nonsensical words are born ladies and gentlemen. 




 If you're talking about Tim Hortons, you could also be in say, metro Detroit. They're all over there too. 




 Just because they're claiming its a service dog doesn't mean its a service dog... they probably just feel entitled and want to bring it into Neiman Marcus with them so they claim its a service dog. 

In other words it has nothing to do with actual service dogs and everything to do with fussy entitled rich old bags. 




 http://imgur.com/uW8OMR5 




 Most of them to be honest. 




 German, English, Swedish, and American Indian. Probably some other stuff too but negligible. 




 I got my head slammed into a wall and it knocked out a tooth when I was around 14. Yes it hurt quite a lot. 

When I was around 10 I slipped in a locker room and broke another tooth in half on a bench. 




 You could be a born and raised American citizen and be knocked out and blindfolded and put in Toronto, and assuming whoever did this figured out a way to hide any written indication you were in Canada (like an Ontario license plate for example) and had entire city in on it, you'd probably never even know you weren't in America anymore. 




 HR immediately even if you're not worried about him personally do it for Julia cause this guy's a fuckin psycho. 




 Wait.. Are you proposing we bump uglies? 




 I grew up with a guy that lied constantly about the dumbest shit. Everyone knew he was full of it and the list could go on for days about the stories he made up but two stick out in my mind as particularly ridiculous. 

1. He insisted when we were about 16 that his uncle invented facebook and sold the concept for $2M but was never paid due to a legal technicality. He maintained this lie for probably 3 years before insisting he was "just joking".

2. He told us he was born in Mexico to high ranking cartel members and shot 3 times at age 5 before being put in witness protection and adopted by US citizens. He could not reveal the bullet wound scars because they were surgically removed to protect his identity and the cartel was still looking for him. 




 Actually I remember reddit reporting somewhere not long ago that the average age was something like 32 irrc. 




 My virginity. I lost it 12 years ago and haven't seen it since. 




 Just don't come into my gas station at 11:00pm and try to buy a single candy bar with a $100 bill and then bitch about how I don't have enough in my till to give you $99 in change in the middle of the night while still keeping enough for the next 20 transactions. 









 So he's in the business of advertising his insanity? 




 Austria. 

I read Australia, and wondered why on earth this would need a translation to a site that's English speaking dominated. I woke up too early. 
























