















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 EDIT:  Many many awesome songs listed here.  Thanks for the contributions and reminding me of many I've long forgotten but now gladly remember! 

















































 So what he's saying is that we pissed away taxpayer money on him to do his job, that he didn't do. 




 Zero justification for what happened to him. 




 Why the hell aren't you asleep in bed yet? 




 "I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul." 




 Passion of the Christ and 42 are the only two that come to mind, though I know there are a few others. 




 Shut up Kevin 




 Though the "i" is missing, -ism makes me think "orgasm." 




 When she's putting in a new tampon. 




 Do these idiots have anything serious to run on other than "Obama is bad?"
 




 then people would actually read a tiny percent more about politics and make more of an informed decision

One can dream...........

My original post was sarcasm.  Too many people I've met have no idea exactly who they are voting for (meaning what the person stands for) and just vote for a party. 




 So people don't have to do research, they can just vote based on whatever party they want. 




 not good at math, are we?

What math?  I asked "What neighborhood is this?"  

Not good at reading comprehension, are we? 




 You're the only one here who didn't get that it was a joke.  It didn't have to be explained to the rest of us. 




 When asked if the FBI ever tracks Americans geolocation without a warrant, Hess reluctantly answered yes but declined to provide details to the public 

What amazes me are the people who seem to be alright with this and seemingly are the ones who oppose "big government." 









 The boy had shopped at the store alone many times without incident, said his father, and **had spent thousands of dollars there  he earned the money shovelling snow and babysitting.**

Holy crap what neighborhood is this?!    




 You missed the point as well. 




 I don't really care, I just find it amazing that people on reddit miss the point so often.  I worry about societies future. 




 But Pete didn't like the odds of the movies success. 




 Yeah, because that was the focal point of the TIL, that she went to the doctor with him.  [OK](http://i.giphy.com/LVIbmaUwpRJ1C.gif) 




 I've had TILs taken down that mention Bill Clinton that have nothing to do with politics, just the name alone, and it got taken down.  Pretty weak but out of my hands anyway.

EDIT: I guess I *can* understand it in that, as with many posts on reddit, people get off the rails very quickly and turn something into a whole other matter altogether.  And politics is definitely a touchy area. 




 Obviously you missed the point of my post. 




 These are the types of stories that just add fuel to the fire.  How many times did we hear different things in the Michael Brown case that, in the end, were total nonsense?  But people eat up every little nugget that comes out if it buys into an agenda.   














 Relevant text:

One of their claws can exert pressure of up to 100 pounds per square inch.

So they may not feel pain, but they can cause some serious pain. Researchers discovered that after having the lobsters larger claw, the crusher claw, clamp down on a load cell, a pressure-measuring device. This claw looks like it has molars because its used to break up anything hard like crabs, clams, mussels. The other, called the ripper claw or the quick claw, tears softer food like fish or worms. 









 Relevant text:
On June 6, 1991, plaintiff sued defendant, a brewer and seller of beer and malt liquor, claiming that defendant had violated the provisions of the PAA by placing before the public advertisements for its products that contain "statements and/or representations which are untrue, deceptive and/or misleading." As a result, plaintiff claimed, he and the general public had been led to consume defendant's products, which defendant knew were dangerous and likely to cause serious health problems, including addiction and death. In support of his claims, plaintiff pointed to defendant's television advertisements featuring Bud Light as the source of fantasies coming to life, fantasies involving tropical settings, and beautiful women and men engaged in unrestricted merriment. Plaintiff sought monetary damages in excess of $10,000, alleging that defendant's misleading advertisements had caused him physical and mental injury, emotional distress, and financial loss.
Defendant moved for summary disposition, arguing among other things that it had no duty to warn of commonly known dangers. The trial court agreed with defendant's analysis in this regard, and granted summary disposition in its favor. We agree and affirm.
 









 Relevant text:
 Last July  I read a story about an 8-year-old girl, Abby Enck, who, in the most genuine of ways, came up with a plan to share her love of coloring. I encourage you to read more about Abby in the link provided, but in a nutshell  shes one of the most inspirational people I have come across. Abbys younger brother Cameron was born with Cerebral Palsy and she would regularly accompany him to Lutheran General Hospital on his medical visits. Abby noticed that the other pediatric patients liked to color, but many of the crayons were broken. Abby had purchased some crayons with her parents for the patients, but it didnt end there. For Abby, it was the obvious thing to do  think up a way to raise money so that she can buy crayons and other coloring materials for the patients.
Abby conducted a lemonade sale. Soon the 8-year-old came up with a plan to raise money by creating lemonade kits using bottled water with attached packets and tags with her very own message, When life gives you lemons, color!. She gained the help of family and friends and before she knew it she was on her way to a goal of purchasing 1000 boxes for the children at the hospital.
 









 Nothing like sensationalizing/editorializing.  The article doesn't say anything about 49 people nor does it cite any of the suspects as being black. 





























 4.2 




 What the hell are you talking about?   




 State level does not equal Federal level 




 So you don't know why you assumed what I think? 




 Did you not understand my question? 




 And there you have it.  All it takes is coming to reddit to solve the issue.   




 Guess we know who's contributing to his campaign! 














 Why would you assume that and how does it relate to the actual topic at hand? 




 My politician 

You must be a CEO. 














 Bill Clinton had nothing to do with it.  It was a rule that was adopted by individual states.  Arkansas did not adopt it until after his stint as governor. 




 Why is the method such a big damn deal?  Make it fast and cheap by just firing a round into the convicted persons head. 




 A group known as Shut It Down is taking over Union Square on Wednesday evening to loot stores in preparation for the next holiday season.



 




 No it's not.
 




 Relevant text:

The precursor to Kool-Aid Man, the Pitcher Man, was created in 1954 by Marvin Potts, an art director for a New York advertising agency hired by General Foods to create an image that would accompany the slogan "A 5-cent package makes two quarts." Inspired by watching his young son draw smiley faces on a frosted window, Potts created the Pitcher Man, a glass pitcher with a wide smile emblazoned on its side and filled with Kool-Aid. It was one of several designs Potts created but the only one that stuck, and General Foods began to use the Pitcher Man in all of its advertisements. 









 Who's using if they are gay or not against him? 




 I love when things like this happen to politicians. 




 President Barack Obama said the Baltimore riots show that police departments **need to hold officers accountable for wrongdoing "instead of just the closing-ranks approach that all too often we see."**

If only politicians followed this same advice.

EDIT: Thank you! 




 Verizon should apologize for their "excessive" fees for service that doesn't equate to the customer's cost. 




 Freedom of speech tho. So when you can absolutely show me the 1st amendment where it explicitly says you can't say "kill all cops," then I'll delete my status. Other than that...NOPE!

She's obviously not familiar with the First Amendment.   




 Youre making a fool of yourself, youre making a fool of yourself!

Rivera makes a fool of himself nearly every time he talks.  Pretty conceited on his part to expect someone to move for his camera shot. 




 This guy just cost the local police force the equivalent of someone's entire pension payout

Actually the officers that beat him did that.

defeated god knows how many inflated egos in a court of law

Yet there was no trial.......

If LEO retaliating against successful lawsuits

There was no lawsuit in this matter.

there isn't a point in conversing with you

That's very apparent as you've just displayed up above that you likely didn't even read the story and are going solely on the headline.  You should probably read up on and understand something before discussing it instead of merely arguing on your own personal bias.
 




 As someone who frequently gets stopped while walking because "someone" reported some minor unprovable crime or "suspicious activity" I have my doubts in this case. It's one of the most common go-to reasons police use for a bullshit stop to provide reasonable suspicion. 

Why would you doubt someone calling about you?

It's one of the most common go-to reasons police use for a bullshit stop to provide reasonable suspicion. 

Source?

considering how often police have been proven to lie lately

You need to step away from the media machine.  Take into consideration the number of police officers there are in this country, the number of interactions each may have every single day, and then compare to the number of instances that actually get blown up.  Too many people are drinking the media kool-aid. 




  You seem very convinced that this person and their "report" aren't fabricated. 

I'm never 100% convinced of everything unless I know the full details of everything from both sides.  With that said, and from what I've read on this specific instance, there is nothing there to cause me to doubt what happened.  

That is not a reasonable attitude.

Sure it is.  Why?  Because there is nothing there to cause me to doubt it.  What exactly is there about this instance that makes you question the reliability?  Have you wondered at all about the man that was stopped at all and what he was/may have been doing or is the fact that he's not the police officer enough for you to not question his motives?

 




  Spotted by who?

By a person whose yard he was running through. 




 Someone always has to be the Debbie Downer.  Thanks for nothing /u/Smokabowl. 




 Apply that logic to income inequality.

Because that's an entirely different subject.

The wage gap continues to grow and the lower classes do not resort to violence. But because they don't take drastic actions, they don't get results.

Occupy Wall Street certainly didn't do anything.

That's his point, America praises the Boston Tea Party in which America finally revolted and took charge. America fought a violent war to get change from Britain.

The patriots fought for independence, to become their own country.  What exactly are the riots doing and how is it going to change things?

Strictly non-violence is exactly what your opposers want you to use because it doesn't insight enough fear in them

Yet show your full hand right off the bat and it's not going to instill fear either.  Additionally, things like this have been played out before.  Someone fucks up, huge uproar, riots, riots, more riots but not as bad, less riots, and then eventually people go home and do whatever it is they do.   




 At that time of day I'd still be sleeping the past night off 




 every single time

Source? 




 There is video of this police officer doing something illegal and filing a false report?

 




 This is called taking an argument to the extreme

That's what people do when they can't argue something on its own merits, jump to ridiculous statements. 




 Is the store in your neighborhood of six houses?  Did you ask all of the neighbors?  If you did, is it not possible that they were lying?  Is it not possible that your son was lying to you?  Was it your neighborhood that someone was seen running through the yards? 




 IF he was actually doing that.

And until anything else comes out this is all we have to go on.  I mean, that's how things roll right?  When a police officer is accused of doing something wrong then in the eyes of the public they are guilty.  Shouldn't it be the same the other way around?  Not like we're talking about an angel of a man here:

*Pusok, 30, has felony and misdemeanor convictions over the last 10 years, including resisting arrest, animal cruelty, grand theft auto and attempted robbery.*  That is from [this](http://www.sbsun.com/general-news/20150424/francis-pusok-questioned-by-sbpd-day-after-650k-settlement-okd) article.

 




 So did you ask everyone in the neighborhood?  Did you personally have eyes on all of the yards at whatever time a call might have come in?  

Did anyone actually see him running though backyards other than a police officer ?

Yeah, the person that called the police.  

There are [other articles](http://www.sbsun.com/general-news/20150424/francis-pusok-questioned-by-sbpd-day-after-650k-settlement-okd) about this online besides the one here that appear to be a little more detailed. 




 Well, show me it's just something the police are saying then.  He wasn't spotted by the police, they were responding to a call from someone else about someone running through the yards. 




 Nobody in the neighborhood had reported any such thing to the police.

Did you ask everybody in the neighborhood?  And if so, and they knew you were asking about your son, do you trust that they'd be honest with you? 




 Francis Pusok, 30, was stopped sometime between 6 a.m. and 7 a.m. April 22 in the 3700 block of Elm Avenue after he was spotted running through backyards of homes, 

I would hope a person running through people's backyards at that time in the morning would be stopped to see what they were doing. 




 From the article:

REV. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. (speech): Now what I'm saying is this: I would like for all of us to believe in non-violence, but **I'm here to say tonight that if every Negro in the United States turns against non-violence, I'm going to stand up as a lone voice and say, "This is the wrong way!"**

KING (interview): I will never change in my basic idea that non-violence is the most potent weapon available to the Negro in his struggle for freedom and justice. **I think for the Negro to turn to violence would be both impractical and immoral.** 




 From the article:

REV. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. (speech): Now what I'm saying is this: I would like for all of us to believe in non-violence, but **I'm here to say tonight that if every Negro in the United States turns against non-violence, I'm going to stand up as a lone voice and say, "This is the wrong way!"**

KING (interview): I will never change in my basic idea that non-violence is the most potent weapon available to the Negro in his struggle for freedom and justice. **I think for the Negro to turn to violence would be both impractical and immoral.** 




 Why the hell does it matter what the race is?  Riots are stupid as it is no matter who is taking part in them. 




 Relevant text:

John W. Deering (September 1898  October 31, 1938) was the subject of an experiment to observe what would happen to the human heart during death by gunshot. Deering, an American facing execution by the state of Utah for the May 1938 murder of Oliver R. Meredith Jr., volunteered to have himself hooked up to an electrocardiogram while he was shot by a firing squad. The test indicated that his heart stopped in about 15 seconds of being hit, although other bodily functions, such as breathing, continued for a longer period of time. 









 Relevant text:
The 2009 Pittsburgh police shootings was a shootout that took place on Saturday, April 4, 2009, at 1016 Fairfield Street[1] in the Stanton Heights neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States, stemming from a mother and her 22-year-old son's argument over a dog urinating in the house.[2] At approximately 7:11 a.m. EDT, 22-year-old Richard Poplawski opened fire on two Pittsburgh Police officers responding to a 9-1-1 call from Poplawski's mother, who was attempting to get the police officers to remove her son from the home. Three police officers were ultimately confirmed dead, and another two were seriously injured.

According to Pittsburgh Police Chief, Nathan Harper, Poplawski was armed with a semi-automatic AK-47-style rifle, a shotgun and three handguns (a .357 Magnum revolver, a .380-caliber handgun and a .45-caliber handgun), protected by a bulletproof vest, and had been lying in wait for the officers. According to police and witnesses, he held police at bay for four hours as the fallen officers were left bleeding nearby, their colleagues unable to reach them. More than 600 rounds were fired by the SWAT teams and Poplawski.

The victims were the first Pittsburgh city officers killed in the line of duty in 18 years. The incident was the second-deadliest attack on U.S. law enforcement since the September 11 attacks, following a shooting two weeks earlier in Oakland, California.
On June 28, 2011, Poplawski was sentenced to death by lethal injection on three counts of murder in the first degree.
 









 Relevant text:

Edward Donald Slovik (18 February 1920  31 January 1945) was a private in the 109th Infantry Regiment during WWII and the only American soldier to be executed for cowardice since the American Civil War. Although over 21,000 soldiers were given varying sentences for desertion during World War II, including 49 death sentences, Slovik's was the only death sentence carried out.

 









 So about those week long peaceful protets that were happening and noone paid any attention or could of gave a fuck. What did those do?

Well, you have [this](http://blackwestchester.com/2015/04/27/10000-peacefully-protest-bmore/):

*What they dont report was there were, Muslims, Christians, Jews, Blacks, Whites, Asians, Young and Old, Rich and Poor people all united and standing harmoniously against common oppression, shared one of the organizers Frank Sha Francois. The demonstration was sponsored by a wide coalition of social justice groups, including Malik Shabazz of Black Lawyers For Justice (BLFJ), Carl Dix of Stop Mass Incarceration (SMIN) and brother Ted Freedomfighter Sutton of Sutton House, just to name a few who came in support of their brothers and sisters in Baltimore. Support for justice of Freddie Gray, 25, who was arrested one week ago, in West Baltimore. Who died on April 19th, from injuries sustained while he was in police custody.*

Here's what that does.  It shows a united front of all different types of people.  It shows that people want something done and they are willing to be civilized human beings, sit and discuss the problem, figure out a solution, and fix the problem.


The police are not innocent people

Pretty broad brush stroke there no?  Are there bad cops?  Absolutely.  Are they in the minority.  Yep.  If we want to paint broad brush strokes, would you then agree that "black people are criminals" based on a small percentage that are acting out violently and criminally?

they need to be brought to justice and held accountable

The ones that abuse their power?  Absolutely.

it will not happen thru peaceful means.

Yet it's been proven time and time again that it does.  What do violent/criminal acts do?  They give the city a reason to increase the number of police officers on the street and hire more.  It creates and/or strengthens a stereotype that then turns into bias/profiling.

HAHAH fuck off with the mlk thing

Yeah, because that would go against your agenda and proves you wrong.

 like things havent changed since 9/11 that make peaceful resistance useless

You're right.  Things have changed.  Such as, this country is far less racially divided than it was during the time of MLK.  **HE** was able to bring change, peacefully, in a far more hostile environment.  The environment is nowhere near as hostile today, yet people cannot impact change peacefully?  This just sounds like sheer laziness.

Boohoo other people lives are being disrupted while others fight for their fucking lives

If that's the attitude you want to give, then expect the same attitude in return.  

It's time to stop using the race card and playing victim.  People want to blame others for their situation instead of pulling their own shit together and taking personal responsibility.  You don't want the cops bothering you?  Then don't give them a reason too.  You want to succeed in life?  Then work for it.  Harming other people's lives, ruining their livelihood, creating destruction, and not acting like a civilized human being has never caused progress. 
























 Keep on fighting for your rights and freedoms peoples

Fighting for what rights?  The right to attack innocent people for no reason?  The right to destroy property that doesn't belong to them?  The right to disrupt other people's lives?  The right to steal for their own selfish benefit?

Peaceful ways dont work

Martin Luther King Jr.  disagrees.

 




 Waze is a balloon knot?  I knew I loved it for some reason.  




 Love their Little Sumpin' Ale. 


































 Oh shut the hell up.  These people need to take personal accountability for themselves and their own actions.  Looting, trashing/burning businesses, and attacking civilians has nothing to do with a police union.  That has to do with a bunch of chicken shit thugs criminally acting out. 




 MLK Jr would be ashamed of the behavior of these rioters. 




 That's nice. Looking at your post history, it's apparent I need not worry. Go ahead and leave your phone number here. Should anybody one day give a damn about your opinion, or wish to donate an English grammar book to you, I'm sure someone will call.  









 Relevant text:

In December 2014, Argentina became the first country to recognize a non-human primate as having legal rights when it ruled that an orangutan named Sandra at the Buenos Aires Zoo must be moved to a sanctuary in Brazil in order to provide her "partial or controlled freedom." Although animal rights groups interpreted the ruling as applicable to all species in captivity, legal specialists considered the ruling only applicable to hominid apes due to their genetic similarities to humans. 









 Relevant text:

Liu Kang was originally going to be a Japanese character called Minamoto Yoshitsune, but Mortal Kombat co-creator and character designer John Tobias stated that the staff could not "deal with the name." According to Tobias, Liu Kang "was originally going to be a traditional monk  bald and in robes  but he wound up resembling Bruce Lee." As stated on his Mortal Kombat: Armageddon bio card, Ed Boon mentioned that Liu Kang was designed to be the most easily "accessible" character, meaning that both casual and experienced gamers could play as him with little difficulty. According to Tobias, Liu Kang was purposely the only character that voiced his finishing move in the original game, and was "the best" in the first sequel. Liu Kang was the only character in the first game whose finishing move (Fatality) did not explicitly murder his opponent, and also without the background dimming. This was because Liu Kang was depicted therein as a Shaolin monk, who in general have strict beliefs regarding killing and murder. However, starting with Mortal Kombat II, he was given gory Fatalities as he was thereafter depicted as a renegade monk who decided to grow his hair back, and who had "strong Shaolin beliefs, but was no longer a part of the Shaolin monks." In response to rumors that Liu Kang would die in Mortal Kombat II and therefore not make it into Mortal Kombat 3, Boon said, "It'd be like doing part three of Star Wars and not having Luke Skywalker in there. You don't do that." His eventual death caused Dan Forden, the music composer of the series, to make a "funeral song" for Liu Kang as he felt saddened for his death. The track titled "Liu Kang's Tomb" would be used in Mortal Kombat: Deception in the arena that shows his tomb. 









 Relevant text:

After practice, in the locker room, he was told there was a high possibility
he could be a bone marrow match for a complete stranger. Of the 12,000 blood
cancer patients who require marrow, 70 percent do not have matches in their
families.
When I got the phone call, I was so shocked, said Lyle. I totally forgot I
even signed up a couple of years before. Even then, I did not think I would be
a match. The odds are so ridiculous.
After additional testing, Lyle was confirmed as a definite match. There was
no time to waste. The surgery was scheduled immediately for April 25. There
was one catch: the surgery would take place one month before the end of his
college career.
Lyle never feared the actual marrow donation surgery. He worried the most
about telling his coach that he would be sitting out the final part of his
senior season because of the surgery. His coach, though, was supportive. Jim
Boulanger, director of New Hampshires track and field program, told Lyle that
sports do not triumph life, they are merely a part of it. If you have the
chance to save a life, do whatever it takes.
If Lyle chose to be a donor, his collegiate career would stop cold turkey
without the closure a championship win would bring him. As he threw his last
shot at the Stony Brook Invitational on April 20, his teammates surrounded him
to help bring one chapter of his life to a close. For him this was closure.
Hugs were shared and although it was not the ending he planned for, he was
allowing a stranger the chance to start a new chapter of his own.
Even with that elusive conference championship within reach, Lyle never had
any second thoughts about donating  especially when he learned about the man
who would be receiving his marrow donation.
Lyles 28-year-old match was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia a
few days before Christmas in 2012. He had a fianc and a nineteen-month-old
son. For Lyle, this information solidified his decision to donate.
I would have done it anyway, said Lyle. But knowing he is just starting
his life, he has so much ahead of him, makes it worth it. It hits home because
he is only a few years older than I am.
 









 Relevant text:

Art recalls, "It was a God awful accident and it was not very probable that someone would come through something like that - they figured. And, Yeah, I was reported being dead by one of the radio stations."
Art's left arm was severely bleeding from what appeared to be surface wounds. The doctors pulled out close to 50 pieces of glass embedded into his skin on his left arm, he said.
He also had four to five broken ribs and his hip severely broken in several places. Art spent eight weeks in a body cast and had a tracheotomy to help him breathe easier.
Because all of the blood was assumed to be from glass cuts and the hip injury was so severe, doctors failed to notice a metal rod  the T-bird's turn signal arm  was embedded in Art's left forearm.
Art and Betty met six months later on a blind date.
Let's fast forward to 15 years ago when Art discovered there was something in his arm because of a metal detector at the courthouse in Jerseyville, Ill.
His doctor checked it out and thought it was from the accident, but no telling exactly what it was.
In fact, the doctor thought it could have been a surgical instrument forgotten and sewed up inside his arm. But, because it didn't bother Art, the doctor said to leave it alone.
In early December, the arm started to pose a problem after Art carried a cement block. After feeling a little pain, days later he started to notice a protrusion. Art was referred to a specialist.
Doctor Lang removed the seven-inch rod on Dec. 31. The procedure lasted 45 minutes.
 









 Relevant text:

A number of songs feature Monday, often as a day of depression, anxiety, or melancholy. For example, Monday, Monday (1966) from the Mamas   the Papas, Rainy Days and Mondays (1971) from the Carpenters, I Don't Like Mondays (1979) from the Boomtown Rats, and Manic Monday (1986) from the Bangles.
There is a band named the Happy Mondays and an American pop punk band Hey Monday.
**A greater number of people commit suicide, call in sick, and surf the web on Mondays in the Netherlands.**
During July 2002, the consulting firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting announced that it would rename itself to Monday, and spend $110 million over the next year to establish that brand.
 









 Again, this is the internet.  Real easy..........

wanna see my CAC?

My guess is you'd point me in the direction of the dick pic you already posted elsewhere on reddit so no thanks.

At this point it's very apparent that you're just a troll as you seemingly mock the issue of PTSD.  So with that, carry on with your internet bad self and [have a good day](http://i.giphy.com/fAGln5qp01U9q.gif). 




 According to the [U.S. Census](http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/31/3103950.html), Bellevue's veteran population makes up 13.6% of the cities population which is actually a fairly significant amount compared to most of the country.  How many have PTSD?  I doubt that an accurate statistic would be found online.

I seriously question if you were even actually in the military at all.  It's real easy to say things on the internet that aren't true to play into your agenda and, you seem to have a large lack of knowledge on the subject of PTSD.  Situations like [this](http://www.sacbee.com/news/local/health-and-medicine/article2602806.html) are the reason for these things. 




 Pretty apparent you just don't get it.  Because child. 




 I personally know of at least two vets that dread fireworks.  I don't see an issue setting a curfew so that they can sleep peacefully and not have to constantly wake up to the sounds of them. 







































 What in the holy hell does fearing eternal damnation have to do with running a damned country in which church/state are separate anyway? 




 It's hard to trust a guy who parades around a church in his grandmother's bathrobe and claims to be a "male virgin" at age 50 and to NEVER masturbate. Never. Not ever. Not once. Really? 

Funniest damn thing I've read on here in ages. 




 Damn, at age 14? 

jury needed less than 10 minutes to declare him guilty

It took less than a day for a jury to convict George Stinney Jr. and send him to the electric chair

It was a jury of 12 white men

"He was convicted of the deaths of 11-year-old Betty June Binnicker and 7-year-old Mary Emma Thames in deeply segregated Alcolu, S.C."

 




 Crap.  Figures, the one thing I always notice spelled incorrectly and I did it myself.  Thanks for the heads up. 




 Fair enough.  I hadn't even heard about it until I read the article about 3 minutes before posting it.  Just thought it was pretty cool as we certainly don't see/hear about former military academy grads becoming pros in the major sports.   




 Reading the backstory on Nicholson's mother and her relations with the father and who it might be, and reading Bundy's, I wouldn't doubt it had something to do with the societal stigma as well.  At least partly anyway. 




 So then it's a different story.  Being called up and actually making the start, while related, are not the same thing. 




 Don't they have anything else to do?  Their local McDonald's [is hiring](http://www.mcstate.com/careers/jobs/8064/25989?utm_source=Indeed utm_medium=organic utm_campaign=Indeed source=Indeed.com sourceType=PREMIUM_POST_SITE). 




 Especially [this guy](http://i.giphy.com/K5IEMtDZHxQZy.gif). 

 




 It would have been hard for him to have made his MLB debut four days ago when his debut was yesterday, March 25th.  And this article was published today, March 26th. 














 Hey now, quit exaggerating.  It's **nearly** 90%. 




 Huh, same with [Ted Bundy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ted_Bundy#Childhood).  Though I don't know what age he found out.

For the first three years of his life Bundy lived in the Philadelphia home of his maternal grandparents, Samuel and Eleanor Cowell, who raised him as their son to avoid the social stigma that accompanied birth outside wedlock at the time. Family, friends, and even young Ted were told that his grandparents were his parents and that his mother was his older sister. Eventually he discovered the truth; he told his girlfriend that a cousin showed him a copy of his birth certificate after calling him a "bastard", but he told biographers Stephen Michaud and Hugh Aynesworth that he found the certificate himself. 
























 I could give a damn about his religion (as long as it remains separate from governing), what are his plans for what he wants to do and how does he plan to do it?  Who am I kidding, nobody will ever know that. But hey, he's a God fearing religious man.  




 While I understand the initial basis for this, I don't trust our government now or in the future with this control and it will likely only lead to abuse.  




 Had some guests over this weekend and figured I'd give this one a shot.  The recipe calls for one of three types of bread, I went with challah.  Turned out very good.  Pic is the finished product about 1 minute after coming out of the oven.  

[Recipe](http://sallysbakingaddiction.com/2015/03/25/unbelievable-blueberry-french-toast-casserole/) 









 Wheelchair operator later issued a citation for DUI 




 [This article](http://nationalreport.net/facebook-ban-religious-posts-memes-criticism-atheism-groups/) is only three months old so not sure if the rules have been created yet. with all the crap I see on their pages I don't understand why they feel the need to do this.  
























































































































































































 Relative text:

Asimina triloba, the pawpaw, paw paw, paw-paw, or common pawpaw, is a species of Asimina (the pawpaw genus) in the same plant family (the Annonaceae) as the custard-apple, cherimoya, sweetsop, ylang-ylang and soursop. The pawpaw is native to the Eastern, Southern, and Midwestern United States and adjacent southernmost Ontario, Canada, from New York west to southeastern Nebraska, and south to northern Florida and eastern Texas. The pawpaw is a patch-forming (clonal) understory tree found in well-drained, deep, fertile bottom-land and hilly upland habitat, with large, simple leaves and large fruits. **The paw paw is the largest edible fruit indigenous to the United States.** 









 Came upon this situation 

You did huh? 




 Common sense 




 Pigs taste amazing. 









 You're not as important as you think you are. 




 Well, I have to have that faith first.  

 




 A Somali 




 Buy the t-shirt 




 Seems to me you like to tell people what they should do, how they should do it, and how they should act.  You sound like a selfish and narcissistic individual.  Two traits commonly found in rapists.  









 So you can't answer what I was called out about?

You can't point out where I joked about their being raped?

 




 Interesting that you are so pissed 

[Uh, I am?](http://i.giphy.com/MZqKytwjOkPHG.gif)  

about being called out.

[Being called out about what?](http://i.giphy.com/MZqKytwjOkPHG.gif)

Kinda sad too, that even knowing people who have been victimised, that you think it is appropriate and okay to joke about it.

Can you please point out to me where I joked about their being raped?  Go ahead, [I'll wait](http://i.giphy.com/iiMoePGtKauU8.gif).

My suggestion is, if you are overly sensitive and PC, to stay away from /r/askreddit.  You're obviously too thin skinned.  

Or, in your words, "*You knob. Why so serious?*"

 




 Relevant text:

**In 1991, she voiced the baby, Julie, in Look Who's Talking Too. She was nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Supporting Actress.** She appeared three times on Saturday Night Live from 1991 to 1994, co-hosting with then-husband Tom Arnold in 1992. In 1994, she released a second book, My Lives. That same year, Barr became the first female comedian to host the MTV Video Music Awards on her own. She remained the only to have done so until comedian Chelsea Handler hosted in 2010. In 1997, she made guest appearances on 3rd Rock from the Sun and The Nanny. 



















 TIL /u/deadfreds didn't read Rule III. 




 Relevant text:

The first lawn mower was invented by Edwin Budding in 1830 in Thrupp, just outside Stroud, in Gloucestershire, England. Budding's mower was designed primarily to cut the grass on sports grounds and extensive gardens, as a superior alternative to the scythe, and was granted a British patent on August 31, 1830.

Budding's first machine was 19 inches (480 mm) wide with a frame made of wrought iron. The mower was pushed from behind. Cast iron gear wheels transmitted power from the rear roller to the cutting cylinder, allowing the rear roller to drive the knives on the cutting cylinder; the ratio was 16:1. Another roller placed between the cutting cylinder and the main or land roller could be raised or lowered to alter the height of cut. The grass clippings were hurled forward into a tray-like box. It was soon realized, however, that an extra handle was needed in front to help pull the machine along.Overall, these machines were remarkably similar to modern mowers. 



















 You cum a lot. 




 Ferguson, MO 




 Well, they don't go anywhere.  Being that you'll be able to run up to it pretty quick, what the hell then? 




 No.  

This is one of those things in society that I don't understand why people think it's weird/sad/etc.   




 Source? 




 "Stick it in crazy." 




 TIL /u/redroguetech can't comprehend simple rules.

 




 Thinking rape is a serious, devastating crime **or being you**?

[HA!](http://i.giphy.com/LVIbmaUwpRJ1C.gif)

Doesn't change that it's rape

Unless my SO is tired and gave me permission ahead of time.

it isn't what you want to hear

I actually could care less either way.  Only thing I **want** to hear right now is someone telling me I won Powerball last night. 

Shame on you for perpetuating rape

Yes.  Because my reddit comment perpetuates rape culture. [OK](http://i.giphy.com/3xz2BY6H3nhkb0wabe.gif)  

I hope that nobody needs to depend on you as a support in healing from the experience.

Actually, I've had two people confide in me their experience in being raped so that they may talk about it and help themselves feel even just a little bit better.  [Shame on you](http://i.giphy.com/MT42FIRFdmKxa.gif) for wanting to take away a support outlet.
 




 I'm talking about every single post for every single day that is related to something.

Now you're just being ridiculous and reaching for an argument because you can't get your way.  Then again, coming from someone who has posted on a few occasion in TIL, where you put spin in the title of your post, I'm not surprised.

New posts were and are being added without being automatically deleted. Ergo, the rule is not being enforced in general.

AND now you're just going in circles.  Again, because you want to have a point but you don't. 




 Shut up and go be a white knight somewhere else.  




 What if I [ask](http://i.giphy.com/GQ5F7StyjSwRG.gif) nicely? 




 I will just ask CT_Kid's wife where I need to pinch **you**.... 

I'm [confused](http://i.giphy.com/CvgezXSuQTMTC.gif). 




 And?

And what?  You're talking about posts going back **years** yet the rule pertaining to police brutality wasn't in place at that time.  Not a difficult concept to understand why those ones were not removed.

So far, every post added after the rule has not been removed

Yet you weren't even aware of the rule in the first place so how do you know when it was added?  Additionally, it's highly improbable that the mods are going to catch every single post put up on here so I'm not surprised *every* post added hasn't been removed.  With that said, you also have no idea how many have been removed because you can't see them anyway and have no idea what has actually been posted and taken down in totality.

despite all of them being "related" to something in the news in the last 8 years

The rule doesn't talk about *something in the news* in the last 8 years.  It mentions many different aspects within the rule itself that requires only an elementary school level of comprehension.

 if the mods want to delete everything in TIL

I'm pretty sure they want to delete everything in TIL **that doesn't abide by the posted rules.**

In the meantime, the rule is meaningless.

Why is it meaningless?  Because you can't grasp the simplicity of it? 




 The intent is from the time the rule is created.  




 going back YEARS without being flagged 

Well genius maybe that's because that aspect of the rule was just recently added. Tough concept I know.... 




 FIFY

FIFY

And see my other comment I just left.  I'll get some regardless.   




 Slip it in slowly while she sleeps. 




 You are my boss... 

FIFY 




 Only thing I can think of is to say they did it.  Other than that, I'm stumped for a legitimate reason. 




 Uh, [OK](http://i.giphy.com/hhy5zwTKXRXxe.gif). 




 Standing in line. 




 /u/Fighting_Ferret 




 Yep. 




 And? 




 Have however many helium balloons that would be needed to carry me up as high as possible. 




 Their selfies 




 Relevant text:

The Quadruple Bypass Burger with 9,982 calories (41,760 kJ) has been identified as one of the "world's best junk foods". It consists of four half-pound beef patties, twenty strips of bacon, eight slices of American cheese, a whole tomato and half an onion served in a bun coated with lard. 


































 reddit people is not sleep bark dog neighbor outside because. 




 Have an affair with the wife. 




 [The Bankers' Friends](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/45/G.W._Bush_delivers_State_of_the_Union_Address.jpg) 




 /u/Fighting_Ferret 




 Grilled at her place.  BBQ pork and chicken. 




 The one who says "the" instead of "da." 




 Kickstart My Heart by Motley Crue 




 Relevant text:

The first Peet's Coffee   Tea store opened in 1966 in Berkeley, California by Dutch native Alfred Peet. He chose to focus on roasting batches with fresher, higher quality seeds than was the norm at the time. He was a trainer and supplier to the founders of Starbucks. 









 Relevant text:

Women have used tampons during menstruation for thousands of years. In her book Everything You Must Know About Tampons (1981), Nancy Friedman writes, "[T]here is evidence of tampon use throughout history in a multitude of cultures. The oldest printed medical document, Papyrus Ebers, refers to the use of soft papyrus tampons by Egyptian women in the fifteenth century B.C. Roman women used wool tampons. Women in ancient Japan fashioned tampons out of paper, held them in place with a bandage, and changed them 10 to 12 times a day. Traditional Hawaiian women used the furry part of a native fern called hapu'u; and grasses, mosses and other plants are still used by women in parts of Asia." 









 Relevant text:

The stereotype of Jews eating Chinese food on Christmas does have an origin. In 1935, the New York Times reported that a restaurant owner named Eng Shee Chuck had brought chow mein to a Jewish childrens home in Newark on Christmas Day. This article is considered to be one of the earliest publications of the stereotype that relates Jews to Chinese food on Christmas.

The relationship that Jews have to Chinese food certainly goes deeper than this stereotype. Eating Chinese [food] has become a meaningful symbol of American Judaism For in eating Chinese, the Jews found a modern means of expressing their traditional cultural values. The savoring of Chinese food is now a ritualized celebration of immigration, education, family, community, and continuity. Chinese food is considered a staple in the Jewish culture, and the further option of kosher Chinese food is also becoming more and more available in the US. 









 Hurt Locker. Movie overall sucked but the scene in the grocery store/cereal aisle is spot on.  




 Other: vagina 




 Liquor store 




 Fuq.com 




 Pay bills 




 Where do these assholes get off thinking they are immune to things that the people they "represent" are not? 
























 Relative text:

In Berlin in 1931, Dora R, born as Rudolph R, became the first known transgender woman to undergo the vaginoplasty surgical approach.

This was followed by Lili Elbe in Berlin during 1930-1931. She started with the removal of the male sex organs, the operation supervised by Dr. Magnus Hirschfeld. Lili went on to have four more subsequent operations that included an unsuccessful uterine transplant, the rejection of which resulted in death. An earlier known recipient of this was Magnus Hirschfeld's housekeeper, but their identity is unclear at this time.

The Iranian government's response to homosexuality is to endorse, and fully pay for, sex reassignment surgery. The leader of Iran's Islamic Revolution, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, issued a fatwa declaring sex reassignment surgery permissible for "diagnosed transsexuals." Eshaghian's documentary, Be Like Others, chronicles a number of stories of Iranian gay men who feel transitioning is the only way to avoid further persecution, jail and/or execution. The head of Iran's main transsexual organization, Maryam Khatoon Molkarawho convinced Khomeini to issue the fatwa on transsexualityconfirmed that some people who undergo operations are gay rather than transsexual.

**Thailand is the country that performs the most sex reassignment surgeries, followed by Iran.**

On 12 June 2003, European Court of Human Rights ruled in favor of Van Kck, a German transsexual woman whose insurance company denied her reimbursement for sex reassignment surgery as well as hormone replacement therapy. The legal arguments related to the Article 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights as well as the Article 8. This affair is referred to as Van Kck vs Germany. 









 Relevant text:

Sundae (Korean pronunciation: [sund], also commonly spelled soondae) is a Korean dish made generally by boiling or steaming cow or pig's intestines that are stuffed with various ingredients. It is a kind of blood sausage and believed to have been eaten for a long time. The recipes related to sundae can be found in Joseon cookbooks published in 19th century such as "Gyuhap chongseo" and "Siuijeonseo". 









 Relevant text:

While being filmed by documentary maker Louis Theroux, they picketed a local appliance store because it sold Swedish vacuum cleaners, which the church viewed as being supportive of gay people because of Swedish prosecution of ke Green, a pastor critical of homosexuality. 









 OP submitted this TIL with an extra "?TIL" at the end of the URL because the wiki article has been posted before in /r/todayilearned .

And? 




 translated the word into **Enlgish**

Awesome. 









 It's pretty pathetic that things like this even need to be voted on.   














 Get it drunk. 




 Fleshlight 




 "What do you do while waiting for AOL to connect?" 




 When people trip and fall. 




 Steak, corn on the cob, fries, garlic bread, and apple pie for dessert. 




 I'll keep that tucked away for now............ 




 Oh crap, are you bringing the strap on again?! 




 If reposts were actually banned, this subreddit would be dead within a month. 




 "Does this mean no sex for awhile?" 




 In the middle of a marathon orgy. 




 You'd rather hear someone squeal like a pig while getting anally raped? 




 Yeah you gotta watch out for those people in NE Georgia.  I hear they like to listen to people squeal like a pig occasionally. 




 That kid is going to get his in jail.  I'm sure he'll be thrown up against a wall as well and have a train run on him. 




 was ahead of the times

Then they got stuck somewhere along the way....... 




 Relevant text:

The Three Sisters are three rocky islands in the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., west of the Key Bridge. A notable landmark in colonial times, the islets are less well known as the Three Sisters Islands and Three Sisters Island.

Various legends are associated with the Three Sisters. One of the earliest myths involves three Algonquian sisters who crossed the river in an attempt to win the release of their brothers, who had been kidnapped by another tribe. They drowned while crossing the river, and were turned into the rocky islets. A less commonly cited legend says three daughters of the local Native American chief were marooned on the islands by their father after rejecting the husbands he picked out for them. The legend holds that the sisters cursed the spot, saying that if they could not cross the Potomac there, no one could. A strange moaning or bell-like sound is said to come from the Potomac River when the curse is about to claim another life.

The first European to see the Three Sisters was Captain John Smith, who sailed up the Potomac River and saw them in 1607. The islets were a landmark in colonial times, and appeared on Pierre L'Enfant's first map of the area. 
























 Relevant text:

General Order No. 11 was the title of an order issued by Major-General Ulysses S. Grant on December 17, 1862, during the American Civil War. It ordered the expulsion of all Jews in his military district, comprising areas of Tennessee, Mississippi, and Kentucky. The order was issued as part of a Union campaign against a black market in Southern cotton, which Grant thought was being run "mostly by Jews and other unprincipled traders." In the war-zone, the United States licensed traders through the United States Army, which created a market for unlicensed ones. Union military commanders in the South were responsible for administering the trade licenses and trying to control the black market in Southern cotton, as well as for conducting the war. Grant issued the order in an effort to reduce corruption.

Following protests from Jewish community leaders and an outcry by members of Congress and the press, at President Abraham Lincoln's insistence, the General Order was revoked weeks later on January 17, 1863. During his campaign for the presidency in 1868, Grant repudiated the order, saying that it had been drafted by a subordinate and that he had signed it without reading it during warfare.
 









 Relevant text:
Sickles's career was replete with personal scandals. He was censured by the New York State Assembly for escorting a known prostitute, Fanny White, into its chambers. He also reportedly took her to England, leaving his pregnant wife at home, and presented White to Queen Victoria, using as her alias the surname of a New York political opponent. In 1859, in Lafayette Square, across the street from the White House, Sickles shot and killed the district attorney of the District of Columbia, Philip Barton Key II, son of Francis Scott Key, who Sickles had discovered was having an affair with his young wife.
 









 Relevant text:
Slavery in Georgia is known to have been practiced by the original or earliest-known inhabitants of the future colony and state of Georgia, for centuries prior to European colonization.  However, the penal colony of the Province of Georgia, under James Oglethorpe, was the only one of the thirteen British colonies to have banned slavery (1735) before legalizing it. It was legalized by royal decree in 1751, in part due to George Whitefield's support for the institution of slavery.
 









 True, but figured with all the negative crap we see in the news all the time, I'd post something on the more positive side.  Good pic in the article of the grandmother and granddaughter on the beach to go with it too. 




 I'm far from any kind of expert on this stuff so I have no idea.  With that said, I'm guessing if anything it's bought the child some time as well as happiness. 














 Self absorbed people. 




 When I was a kid I'd pull the legs off of salamanders.   




 The positive pregnancy test of your mistress. 




 Check the news for the latest riot outbreak.  Should be able to get some freebies there. 




 "Give a fuck, I will not." 




 "OP's mom" is up near the top if it's not **at** the top.

No idea how it started though. 




 If you don't matter to them, don't let them matter to you. 




 Sometimes, sometimes, once in awhile, and one or two. 




 Marriage 




 Exactly what they do when I tell them something and they want to act interested when they really aren't.

Either ignore them altogether and stare blankly or change the subject completely. 




 Rita Bennet 




 Someone who is open minded and not selfish. 




 Ignore them. 




 Crunchy.  Who doesn't like some nuts in their mouth? 




 I believe it was Pitfall on one of the Atari systems within the few years prior to the first Nintendo system coming out.   




 No reason whatsoever that phone calls for prisoners are a necessity anyway.  Regular snail mail will work out just fine and most are allowed visitation as well. 




  I downvoted you

[OK](http://i.giphy.com/hLUiXoGKNIVb2.gif)

Are you implying also that if Bernie Sanders was even more left-wing, that he'd actually stand a snowball's chance in the Democrat primaries?

I'm not implying anything.  I'm stating that Jeb Bush, who apparently trails most of the Republican field in Iowa, is not at the level of blowhard crazy that some of the others are at.  If you can't discuss the topic/article at hand, best to stay out of the thread.

Or are you saying that the left-wing base is educated and enlightened while the conservative base is "blowhard crazy"

I'm saying what I said at the outset.  *He's not at the level of blowhard crazy that some of the others are at.*  I'm discussing Jeb Bush and the other candidates in the Republican field.  What exactly are you talking about?

 




 Of course he does.  He's not at the level of blowhard crazy that some of the others are at. 




 I'd like to hear from Ted how he would have prevented it if he was the current acting president.  As far as I know, nobody can predict the future. 



















 Relevant text:
In the 1950s, researchers from Quaker Oats Company, MIT and Harvard University carried out experiments at the Walter E. Fernald State School to determine how the minerals from cereals were metabolized. Parents of mentally challenged children were asked for permission to let their children be members of a Science Club and participate in research. Being a member of the Science Club gave the children special privileges. The parents were told that the children would be fed with a diet high in nutrients. However, they were not told (and the consent form contained no information indicating) that the food their children were fed contained radioactive calcium and iron. The information obtained from the experiments was to be used as part of an advertising campaign. The company was later sued because of the experiments. The lawsuit was settled on 31 December 1997.
 









 Relevant text:
Methuselah is a 4,846-year-old Great Basin bristlecone pine (Pinus longaeva) tree growing high in the White Mountains of Inyo County in eastern California. For many years it was the world's oldest known living non-clonal organism, until superseded by the discovery in 2013 of another bristlecone pine in the same area with an age of 5,064 years (germination in 3051 BC).
 









 Relevant text:

The Tower at PNC Plaza is a skyscraper currently completing construction in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It will be the new corporate headquarters of the PNC Financial Services Group. It will have approximately 800,000 square feet (74,000 m2) and stand 33 stories (545 feet) tall. Nearby buildings totaling 37,000 square feet (3,400 m2), were purchased by PNC and deconstructed to make space for the Tower at PNC Plaza.The project was estimated to cost $400 million when announced in 2011 (or $419 million today). Construction started in spring of 2012 and is planned to be completed in September 2015. The tower will be the greenest Skyrise ever built and will exceed the current criteria for a LEED Platinum certified building. The Tower will feature numerous sustainable attributes such as an operable double skin facade, an onsite blue water reuse system, locally sourced building materials, fixtures and furniture made from recycled materials, and numerous other green strategies to substantially reduce the environmental impact of the building. Some of these features will enable the Tower's heating and cooling systems to operate in a "net-zero-energy state" up to 30% of the year. 
























 Relevant text:

How come all the Jedi have first and second names except Yoda? We have Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker, Mace Windu and Qui-Gon Jinn, among others, but Yoda's just Yoda. In fact, his full name  never revealed in the films  is Minch Yoda. Lucas deliberately decided to leave him with just one name to enhance the air of mystery and power around him. 









 Relevant text:

After attempting to develop his own version of the proposed show called House of Mystery, Joseph Barbera, who handled the development and sale of Hanna-Barbera shows while William Hanna handled production, passed the task along to story writers Joe Ruby   Ken Spears and artist/character designer Iwao Takamoto. Their original treatment, based in part on The Archie Show, was titled Mysteries Five, and featured five teenagers: Geoff, Mike, Kelly, Linda, Linda's brother "W.W." and their dog, Too Much, who were all members of the band "Mysteries Five," including the dog who played bongos. When "The Mysteries Five" were not performing at gigs, they were out solving spooky mysteries involving ghosts, zombies, and other supernatural creatures. Ruby and Spears were unable to decide whether Too Much would be a large cowardly dog or a small feisty dog. When the former was chosen, Ruby and Spears wrote Too Much as a Great Dane, but revised the dog character to a large sheepdog (similar to the Archies' sheepdog, Hot Dog) just before their presentation to Silverman, as Ruby feared the character would be too similar to the comic strip character Marmaduke. Silverman rejected their initial pitch, and after consulting with Barbera on next steps, got Barbera's permission to go ahead with Too Much being a Great Dane instead of a sheepdog. 



























































 What are you even talking about? 




 However the article does not state rape is **the** leading cause.  The article states it is **a** leading cause among a group of three identified events.  We don't know which of the three actually has more recorded/reported events. 




 Your source doesn't even have the word "African" anywhere in it. 




 Rule V

"While **rape, sexual assault, and sexual harassment** are strongly associated with a wide range of mental health conditions for both men and women veterans, **they are the leading causes of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) among women**" 




 Yeah I was trying to figure out how best to word it to fit the 300 word character limit.  I live about a 15 minute drive from Mt. Vernon and have been there a couple of times, just never recall hearing about the "crypt" in the capitol until this morning when I was reading the site.  Pretty surreal when you go there and having his remains right there in front of you. 




 Which are both equally dumb.

I want to hear what they themselves have a vision of doing and how they plan on getting it done.  What the other guy did is done and over with.

Party is insignificant to me.  The only difference, in my mind, between the two is who is stuffing money into their pockets. 




 And? 




 Yep, I'm fully aware of that.  I didn't agree with it then and I don't agree with it now.   




 he forgets that Democrats had their fair share of complaining about the incumbent Republican president in 2008.

I did?  You can read my mind?  

In actuality, no, I didn't forget and I'm fully aware.  However, that was in 2008 so what's the point of discussing that in a 2015 subject?  Do I agree with this tactic?  Not at all.  Not from either side.  Using the defense of "they did it so we can do it" sounds like an excuse children use when they get caught doing something wrong.  

But hey, thanks for assuming you know what I think.  I could care less if someone is "Republican" or "Democrat."  It's amazing that as soon as I question something one *side* is doing, I'm immediately put into the category of the other.  Try thinking outside the box a little. 




 Relevant text:

George Washington's will directed the building of the present vault in the following words: "The family Vault at Mount Vernon requiring repairs, and being improperly situated besides, I desire that a new one of Brick, and upon a larger Scale, may be built at the foot of what is commonly called the Vineyard Inclosure. . . In which my remains, with those of my deceased relatives (now in the old Vault) and such others of my family as may chuse to be entombed there, may be deposited."

Immediately after Washington's death, Congress resolved that a marble monument should be erected to his memory in the new Capitol in the city of Washington, and that his family should be requested to permit his body to be deposited beneath it. Martha Washington's consent was solicited and obtained. A crypt was provided under the dome of the Capitol, but the project was never completed. In 1831, the surviving executors of Washington's estate removed the bodies of George and Martha Washington and those of other members of the family from the old vault to a similar structure within the present enclosure at Mount Vernon.

 









 Where in your source does it say that?  This is a clear violation of rule one.  This is what I found in your source...........which I was able to get to after having to verify my age and search through a table of contents.

This is what I found:

*How is the alcohol content in beer measured?*

*Alcohol content in beer is typically measured in one of two ways: by volume (which is most common) or by weight. Using Coors as an example: A 12-ounce serving contains 5.0 percent alcohol by volume which means that of all the liquid in the container, 5.0 percent of the liquid is alcohol. The same 12-oz. serving of Coors Light is about 4.0 percent alcohol by weight, which means that of the total weight of the liquid in the container, 4.0 percent of the weight is contributed by the alcohol.*

*Sounds simple, but if we're talking about the exact same serving of beer, why the difference between volume and weight measurements? That's because a given volume of alcohol weighs less than the same volume of water. (An ethyl alcohol molecule, or C2H5OH, is larger than a molecule of water, or H2O, and takes up more space.) So whatever the serving size, the alcohol weight percentage will always be smaller than the volume percentage. This basic fact should help dispel any myth about 3.2 beers or so-called "near-beers" allegedly containing much less alcohol compared to regular beers. The "3.2" in 3.2 beers represents the percentage of alcohol by weight, which means that there's about 4 percent alcohol by volume in the beer. Anyone who believes that he or she cannot become intoxicated consuming 3.2 beer is just plain wrong. If you know of anyone who's a believer in the 3.2 beer "myth," do him or her a favor and share the facts.*
 







































 He shows u few examples that were effective by blocking roads. 

That's great.  It still does not show how it is **the** most effective way to get results.  Why is this such a hard concept for you to understand?

Yes it did

Really?  And what is that? 




  Like u know the most effective way

Did I say I did?

stop bullshitting or tell me ur genius plan to for the "most" effective means of protest

Bullshitting?  I'm merely asking a question and am making no claims to know the **most effective** means of protest.  If I did make such a claim, I would have the evidence to support said claim.

as of now, peaceful protest doesn't seem to get media attention

Is the goal media attention or getting something done?  As it stands, violent or disruptive behavior certainly doesn't seem to be doing anything.  I mean, aside from getting media attention.  

once few people gets stuck in traffic, all of the sudden he cause gets media attention

And?  Did it accomplish anything beyond holding up traffic?

 it works and there is no denying

And we somewhat come back to square one.  I asked for proof that it is **the** most effective way to get results.  

[I'm sure someone will provide the proof.](http://i.giphy.com/iiMoePGtKauU8.gif) 




 *You

You apparently can't answer the question either.  It's really not that difficult.  Though, judging by your amateur deflection attempt, you already know the answer but don't want to put it out there. 














 No 




 [Yeah.](http://i.giphy.com/LVIbmaUwpRJ1C.gif)  That's exactly what I'm suggesting.  

If you're going to call people an idiot, at least understand what the topic/question is as well as spell the word "idiot" correctly. 




 Are you not understanding the question? 




 I didn't deny it doesn't work.  I asked for proof that it is **the** most effective way to get results. 




 So, you don't have any evidence to support that blocking traffic is **THE** most effective at getting results? 




 Good 




 When you have one of the agencies coming out and saying that the Patriot Act did nothing, then why does this "need" to get done?  Because of something that **might** happen?  If that's the case, let's make it rain in new laws because of something that **might** happen.   




 In pretty much every country on earth blocking traffic is par for the course in protests. And it is usually the most effective tactic.

Effective in doing what?  Getting results?  If that's what you're implying, I'd love to see some evidence to support that blocking traffic is the most effective in getting results. 




 John Locke from Lost. 




 Yet, while there is in fact no way to prove this, I doubt Iraq would be in this current situation (at least at this level) if we hadn't gone in on false information, obliterated their infrastructure, and made promises that we never kept.  We'd also still have thousands of U.S. military/civilian personnel among us as well. 

So while there is always this talk about who won the war/lost the war, it never should have happened in the first place.  There has to be a cause to create the effect. 









 Anytime I now see a bill with a name like this, I immediately assume it's full of some high level of crap.  How many people actually read the bills as opposed to just reading the title?  My guess is more go for the title, see something like "The Patriot Act," and then go all "Yeah! 'Murica!" And turn into a redneck sounding hick. 




 what we really need in congress are politicians who are willing to compromise

Exactly.  Each side seems to think they have the answers to solve all of the issues which is obviously not accurate.  Coming together to find a mutual working solution is typically always the best bet. 




 Today You Learned that Leslie Nielsen liked jokes

[Um, yeah.](http://i.giphy.com/LVIbmaUwpRJ1C.gif)  Did you miss the title of the TIL? 




 I wish somebody, anybody, would come along and knock him out of office.  He's been there way too long. 




 Ask Ted Cruz. 




 Facebook 




 Why did I have to wake up again? 




 Are you aware of every single thing that has happened over the course of the past four years as well as every single thing that has been posted on reddit? 









 Relevant text:

Thomas Harris has given few interviews, and did not explain where he got inspiration for Hannibal Lecter until mid 2013. Harris revealed that the character was inspired by a real-life Mexican doctor and murderer he met while visiting a prison in Monterrey city, in the state of Nuevo Len, during a trip to Mexico in the 1960s, when he was a 23-year-old reporter. The doctor was serving a life sentence for murdering a young man, supposedly a "close friend", mutilating his body into several body parts and putting them in a very small box. Harris, who would only refer to the surgeon by the fake name "Dr. Salazar", described him as a "small lithe pale man with dark red hair". He added: "There was certain intelligence and elegance about him." Harris had gone to Mxico to interview Dykes Askew Simmons, a US citizen on death row for murdering three young people in the country, but he ended up also speaking to "Salazar", who saved Simmons' life after a guard shot him during an escape bid. "Salazar" revealed his dark side as he began discussing Simmons disfigured face, tormented upbringing and how attractive his victims had been. 









 Feed him bacon. 




 Amateur/homemade 




 Go away, I'm sleeping. 




 They share? 




 Relevant text:

Nielsen was a practical joker, and known for pranking people with a portable hand-controlled fart machine: "he always had that fart machine with him." His epitaph read: "Let 'er rip", a final reference to his favorite practical joke. 









 Relevant text:

In 2007, Zabka directed and starred in a music video for the band No More Kings entitled "Sweep the Leg". The video stars Zabka as a caricature of himself, living in a trailer in the desert and obsessed with his role in The Karate Kid. The video includes cameos by several of the original Karate Kid cast members, including Martin Kove and Ralph Macchio. In 2010, Zabka directed Rascal Flatts in their music video for the song "Why Wait". That same year, Zabka made a cameo appearance in the film Hot Tub Time Machine. In 2013, Zabka and Macchio guest starred in the season 8 episode of How I Met Your Mother, "The Bro Mitzvah", which became a recurring role during the show's ninth season. Zabka has also directed commercials for clients including Little Tikes at Heresy. 












































 The same bozos crying about federal government stepping into their lane showing their hypocrisy yet again.  




 Not surprised at all.  If it had, the government would have gone right to the press shortly after the "case crack" to spotlight how it worked. 




 Relevant text:

Vance DeBar "Pinto" Colvig (September 11, 1892  October 3, 1967) was an American vaudeville actor, radio actor, newspaper cartoonist, prolific movie voice actor and circus performer, whose schtick was playing the clarinet off-key while mugging. Colvig is best known as the original Bozo The Clown, as well as the original voice of the famed Disney character Goofy. In 1993, he was posthumously created a Disney Legend for his contributions to Walt Disney films including Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and Dumbo. 









 Relevant text:

The Quintinshill rail disaster occurred on 22 May 1915 near Gretna Green, Dumfriesshire, Scotland at Quintinshill, an intermediate signal box with passing loops on each side on the Caledonian Railway Main Line linking Glasgow and Carlisle (now part of the West Coast Main Line).

The crash, which involved five trains, killed a probable 226[nb 1] and injured 246 and remains the worst rail crash in the United Kingdom in terms of loss of life. Those killed were mainly Territorial soldiers from the 1/7th (Leith) Battalion, the Royal Scots heading for Gallipoli. The precise death toll was never established with confidence as the roll list of the regiment was destroyed by the fire.

The crash occurred when a troop train travelling from Larbert, Stirlingshire to Liverpool, Lancashire collided with a local passenger train that had been shunted on to the main line, to then be hit by an express train to Glasgow which crashed into the wreckage a minute later. Gas from the lighting system of the old wooden carriages of the troop train ignited, starting a fire which soon engulfed the three passenger trains and also two goods trains standing on nearby passing loops. Some bodies were never recovered, having been wholly consumed by the fire, and the bodies that were recovered were buried together in a mass grave in Edinburgh's Rosebank Cemetery. Four bodies, believed to be of children, were never identified or claimed and are buried in the Western Necropolis, Glasgow.

The cause of the accident was neglect of the rules by two signalmen. Both men were charged with manslaughter in England, then convicted of culpable homicide after trial in Scotland; the two terms are broadly equivalent. After they were released from a Scottish jail in 1916, they were re-employed by the railway company, although not as signalmen.

A memorial to the dead soldiers was erected soon after the accident and there are more recent memorials at various locations. An annual remembrance service is held at Rosebank Cemetery. 









 Relevant text:

In the film version of The Wiz, the African-American rock adaptation of The Wizard of Oz, the Flying Monkeys are a motorcycle gang, whose leader is named Cheetah, after the Tarzan character. Their metal wings are part of their motorcycles, but these apparently dissolved with the witch's other magic, as they are absent when carrying Dorothy and her friends back to the Emerald City. 














 Relevant text:

In China, during the Tang Dynasty (618907), paper was folded and sewn into square bags to preserve the flavor of tea.

The first tea bags were hand-sewn fabric bags; tea bag patents date as early as 1903. First appearing commercially around 1904, tea bags were successfully marketed by the tea and coffee shop merchant Thomas Sullivan from New York, who shipped his tea bags around the world. The loose tea was intended to be removed from the sample bags by customers, but they found it easier to brew the tea with the tea still enclosed in the porous bags. Modern tea bags are usually made of paper fibre. The heat-sealed paper fiber tea bag was invented by William Hermanson, one of the founders of Technical Papers Corporation of Boston. Hermanson sold his patent to the Salada Tea Company in 1930.

**The rectangular tea bag was not invented until 1944. Prior to this, tea bags resembled small sacks.** 









 Relevant text:

It is hard to grasp just how small the atoms that make up your body are until you take a look at the sheer number of them. An adult is made up of around 7,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 (7 octillion) atoms. 









 It's very apparent that you don't have very much knowledge, if any, about DNA and/or forensics.  Additionally, if you actually took a minute to read the article and/or watch the video, you'd see that the house didn't "burn down."  There was a fire, yes, but the whole inside was not burned out. 




 DNA on the crust of a pizza seems very unlikely to me

Makes complete sense.  If someone is eating food that they put their mouths on, they leave saliva behind. 




 Relevant text:

**Jobs is buried in an unmarked grave at Alta Mesa Memorial Park, the only non-denominational cemetery in Palo Alto.** He is survived by Laurene, his wife of 20 years, their three children, and Lisa Brennan-Jobs, his daughter from a previous relationship. His family released a statement saying that he "died peacefully." His sister, Mona Simpson, described his death thus: "Steves final words, hours earlier, were monosyllables, repeated three times. Before embarking, hed looked at his sister Patty, then for a long time at his children, then at his lifes partner, Laurene, and then over their shoulders past them. Steves final words were: OH WOW. OH WOW. OH WOW." He then lost consciousness and died several hours later. 





























 Yep.  That's how our elected leaders, the ones who are supposed to represent the people, behave.  

Fuck them. 




 I don't really care who it is that is asked that question.  It's a BS question anyway.  

Ask the real questions about how they would impact what has yet to be done.  The future.  Ask them what they would do with the Iran situation or something. 




 Of course he does.  He's running for president. 




 Annihilation of all its citizens. 




 Many times the people who like to correct people (grammar nazis along with others) don't even know the rules. 




 I put my penis into a vagina. 




 /u/Fighting_Ferret

Whatever it is, let's try. 




 Not gonna lie, I creamed my pants five times within two minutes of finding out. 




 Yo Gabba Gabba 




 That it's cool and exciting when in reality, 99.9% sucks and involves sitting in a cube farm. 




 3, 4 gonna pound your back door 




 Because the drain is right there.  Why piss in the toilet and waste the water? 




 How much longer before photos of Ted Cruz pop up on a gay dating service? 





























 Relevant text:

HOW bad is Nikki Sixx? Dude, one time, he's at this party in Hollywood, OK? And this, like, little candy-ass kid is mouthing off about how punk rock he is and everything? And Sixx, who's totally just started this cool new band called Mtley Cre, screams at this kid, "You ain't a f---ing punk, you motherf---er!" **As the bassist and songwriter tells it in the Cre's celebrated autobiography, The Dirt, soon to be a major motion picture: "I leapt off the sofa, slammed his head against the table ... (and) hammered a nail straight through his earlobe and into the table."** 









 Relevant text:

Hagfish, the class Myxini (also known as Hyperotreti), are eel-shaped, slime-producing marine fish (occasionally called slime eels). They are the only known living animals that have a skull but no vertebral column. Along with lampreys, hagfish are jawless and are living fossils; they are basal to vertebrates, and living hagfish remain similar to hagfish from around 300 million years ago.

The classification of hagfish has been controversial. The issue is whether the hagfish is itself a degenerate type of vertebrate-fish (most closely related to lampreys), or else may represent a stage which precedes the evolution of the vertebral column (as do lancelets). The original scheme groups hagfish and lampreys together as cyclostomes (or historically, Agnatha), as the oldest surviving class of vertebrates alongside gnathostomes (the now-ubiquitous jawed vertebrates). An alternative scheme proposed that jawed vertebrates are more closely related to lampreys than to hagfish (i.e., that vertebrates include lampreys but exclude hagfish), and introduces the category craniata to group vertebrates near hagfish. Recent DNA evidence has supported the original scheme. 









 Relevant text:

The charcoal briquette, made commercially using mostly compressed coal dust, was first invented and patented by Ellsworth B. A. Zwoyer of Pennsylvania in 1897 and was produced by the Zwoyer Fuel Company. The process was further popularized by Henry Ford, who used wood and sawdust byproducts from automobile fabrication as a feedstock. Ford Charcoal went on to become the Kingsford Company. 









 Clark Gable (Rhett Butler) in Gone With the Wind 














 Looking at your [submission history](http://www.reddit.com/user/EurasianTiger/submitted/), seems to me you're likely a little more obsessed with race than the typical "white person." 









 So is Rule III 




 The real cause of cancer

Is rule VI c. 




 TYL Rule III 




 June 9th 




 [D-I-V-O-R-C-E](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9J7XE-ctMU)~Tammy Wynette 




 Can confirm 









 The answer that fully answers the question "why?" 







































 Pearl necklace 




 [Yes](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/through?s=t) 




 Real men don't use that shit. 




 offers absolutely no pertinent information at all

The TIL is about soup.  What the hell did you think you'd find in here? 




 And if there's one thing Chris Christie is sure to know, it's baloney. 




 Relevant text:

The Mara Salvatrucha gang originated in Los Angeles, set up in the 1980s by Salvadoran immigrants in the city's Pico-Union neighborhood who immigrated to the United States after the Central American civil wars of the 1980s.

Originally, the gang's main purpose was to protect Salvadoran immigrants from other, more established gangs of Los Angeles, who were predominantly composed of Mexicans and African-Americans.

Many Mara Salvatrucha gang members from the Los Angeles area have been deported after being arrested. Namely, Jose Abrego, a high-ranking member, was deported four times. As a result of these deportations, members of MS have recruited more members in their home countries. The Los Angeles Times contends that deportation policies have contributed to the size and influence of the gang both in the United States and in Central America. According to the 2009 National Gang Threat Assessment, "The gang is estimated to have 30,000 to 50,000 members and associate members worldwide, 8,000 to 10,000 of whom reside in the United States."

In recent years the gang has expanded into the Washington, D.C. area, in particular the areas of Langley Park and Takoma Park, Maryland, have become centers of MS gang activity.
Sinaloa Cartel hierarchy in early 2008
MS-13 presence  light-red indicates territories with a lighter presence, dark-red indicates territories with a strong presence

In 2004, the US FBI started the MS-13 National Gang Task Force. The FBI also began teaming with law enforcement in El Salvador, Honduras, Guatemala, and Mexico.

In 2005, the office of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement started Operation Community Shield. By 2011, this operation had made over 20,000 arrests, including more than 3,000 arrests of alleged MS-13 members. 









 Close.  They were women. 




  never let the facts get in the way of badmouthing Bush. 

The SOFA that the Bush administration orchestrated and put into affect in agreement with the Iraqi government?  Thus, the Obama administration was abiding by the agreement that Bush and the Iraqi government put into play? 




 Hopefully this means he has less time for media interviews. 




 Relevant text:

Track 61 is a private railway platform for the Metro-North Railroad in New York City, located beneath the Waldorf Astoria New York hotel and just outside of Grand Central Terminal. The platform is part of the Grand Central Terminal complex.

First used by General John J. Pershing in 1938, and later by Franklin Delano Roosevelt in 1944, the platform was not originally intended to be used as a station, but its location made it ideal for unobtrusive access to the hotel. The track was also used for the exhibition of American Locomotive Company's new diesel locomotive in 1946; in 1948 Filene's and the New Haven Railroad staged a fashion show on the platform. As of May 1, 2014, it has been reported to still be in occasional use. 









 Relevant text:

Archaeologists have uncovered a 6,000 year old soup recipe which includes a highly unique ingredient, hippopotamus meat. The first soup was made hippoof hippopotamus and it was seemingly a highly popular dish at that time. Other ingredients included in this amazing recipe are Sparrows, vegetables, lentils and various types of spices. 














  "10 minutes up the trail and wait for them."

I'm guessing they wanted a quickie or didn't want kids anymore. 














 [OK](http://i.giphy.com/kAq6HQVQmK5WM.gif) 



















 has no validity today

**In 1846** 














 Relevant text:

In 1846 Massachusetts Governor George N. Briggs appointed a commission to study "idiots" in the state, and this study implicated cousin marriage as responsible for idiocy. Within the next two decades, numerous reports (e.g., one from the Kentucky Deaf and Dumb Asylum) appeared with similar conclusions: that cousin marriage sometimes resulted in deafness, blindness, and idiocy. Perhaps most important was the report of physician Samuel Merrifield Bemiss for the American Medical Association, which concluded "that multiplication of the same blood by in-and-in marrying does incontestably lead in the aggregate to the physical and mental depravation of the offspring". Despite being contradicted by other studies like those of George Darwin and Alan Huth in England and Robert Newman in New York, the report's conclusions were widely accepted. 














 It's a semi-common boys name.  




 Yet your linked source takes me to the guys filmography.   




 Rule I 




 Has been a redditor for one day and submitted one link in two different locations.  

Author of the cited article:

A native of Spokane, xxxxxxxxxx advocates the exposure of repressive religious teachings and awareness of the associated mental illness related to repressive religion, as well as, the great threat it poses to a democracy, which relies on a rational populace. Through Affinity Foundation he provides public presentations, consults with people recovering from religious indoctrination and offers weekend workshops for people to come together and get group support for the changes they are choosing in their lives. These programs are for releasing old beliefs and building self-chosen lives of meaning and purpose in the here and now. He can be reached at **affinityfoundation@icloud.com.** 









 I'm like the redditor who hates crappy titles in TIL.

EDIT:  Read the rules about spam. 




 **Always?**

You've submitted two things and have been [a redditor for a day](http://www.reddit.com/user/AffinityFoundation). 




 I don't like when Christians claim bullshit religious persecution.  But your title sucks even more than that. 




 Not exactly the same, but drove trucks doing deliveries for a lumber yard in college.  Absolutely loved that job. 




 If you what?  

Staple?

Glue?

Velcro?

 




 If time travel was possible, going back to see one of those in person, and from a distance, would be on my bucket list. 




 The **anecdotal evidence** has always been strong 



















 It depends on my mood at the time.  I'd say [Pompeii](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F90Cw4l-8NY) by Bastille or [Wish It Was True](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOyqfQDKX7A) by The White Buffalo.  




 Same reason women are lazy. 




 No idea.  I just try to think of something that will be somewhat meaningful to them based on what I know about them.
 




 Good to hear.  Going to go cook and eat some bacon in his honor. 




 Two months now, wish I knew. 




 Was a 10 year old sprayed? 




 One whose actions match their words. 




 No.  GW was president from January 2001-January 2009.  I want to know about Jeb's own personal political history, track record, and plans for the future.  

I don't agree with the 2003 invasion, however to pretend to go back in time "knowing what we know now" is ludicrous.   




 certainly didn't read anything about the history of the Middle East

I don't think any politicians know anything about the history/culture of the Middle East.  My impression is they think the rest of the world thinks like us.  Or should.  And they're wrong. 




 because it implies that the police officer pepper sprayed and individual person

That's not what it implies at all.  That's how **YOU** took it.  Your problem.

Was a 10 year old sprayed?  Yup.   




 Would you be okay with the article title being, 

[Here you go.](http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1959263/images/o-TAMPONS-facebook.jpg) 




 Is Jeb Bush a politician or historian?  We can't pretend to go back in history "knowing what we know now."  The future will not be the same as the past 100% as circumstances will be different.  AND, we can't predict the future.  I'd like to know what he would do in the next 8 years, not what he would have done over a decade ago. 




 And going back in history, "knowing what we know now," is not repeating history.  It's pretending that we can look into the future. 




 Let's also ask what the candidates would have done differently during the War of 1812, knowing what we know now.  

Focus on the future, not the past. 




 This is the type of crap that gets to me.  Should the 2003 invasion of Iraq happened?  Not at all (in my opinion).  With that said, it did happen.  We can't go back in time and change it.  So what the hell is even the point of the question asked of him?  I want to hear his plans/goals for the future.  Things that can be affected by his decisions.  Not something that happened over a decade ago. 




 Fap to crazy, but don't stick it in crazy. 




 Eh, until there is a rule that says "Must meet /u/Xatencio approval," I'll stick with the article I found and read.  

[Until next time.......](http://i.giphy.com/fAGln5qp01U9q.gif) 




 Because they enjoy watching people such as yourself get distraught over something so meaningless. 




 [OK tough-guy](http://i.giphy.com/fAGln5qp01U9q.gif) 




 Because that's the article I read.

 




 Then why the clickbait title?

From the sidebar rules:

*Your post will likely be removed if it: has a title not taken from the article.*

Easiest way to follow that is to use the title of the article itself.  So, no, **I** am not suggesting anything.  I have to wonder now if you even went to the linked article.
    
 




 You'd lose that bet.  














 A few other articles about it.

[One](http://www.channel3000.com/news/reports-10yearold-pepper-sprayed-at-minneapolis-protest-over-robinson-shooting/33014882)

[Two](http://www.startribune.com/mpls-officials-want-witnesses-for-protest-investigation/303757551/)

[Three](http://www.kare11.com/story/news/local/2015/05/13/protesters-accuse-officer-of-pepper-spraying-child/27282803/) 




 Found a couple of others, going to add them in a comment now. 












































 That's fine, but improper phrasing leads to ambiguous sentence meaning and can confuse people. 

And yet, here we are, with apparently nobody having a problem understanding what was typed.  And **THAT** is what matters.

Using "while" makes it sound as though the two acts were occurring simultaneously but were unrelated to one another, 

Again, don't care.  Nobody but you seems to have trouble understanding what it says/means.

which is the exact opposite of what you mean to say.

*meant

Since I wrote this hours ago, I would use "meant" because it was in the past.  Saying that it's what I "mean" to say would imply I'm typing it out now or in the future.  




 Who says I haven't seen any pictures of her?  You shouldn't assume things. 




 Your phrasing is bad

Don't care.

you should feel bad

I don't. 




 Kinda like what you did with your title. 

Um, you mean using the numbers found in the sourced article?

27 weapons do they list any other weapons, What did they count as a weapon? Does a hunting knife count? 

Did you even look at the article?

my wife and I can shoot over 500 rounds in 1 hour just playing a game of battle ship at the range. 

Congrats?

Now I go to the range 3 or 4 times a week and she goes at least 1 if not 2 times a week. 

Awesome? 




 You should stick with your shemale posts.  You're not very good at being a general troll. 




  reading was not one of them.

Obviously 




 Did you stop reading the title of the TIL at that point? 




 Believe it or not, I don't find all teens attractive. 




 Uh, yeah, [thanks](http://www.blogcdn.com/www.engadget.com/media/2008/11/11-9-08-captain_obvious.jpg). 




 I always liked [this page](http://www.foreignassistance.gov/web/rgaintro.aspx) for foreign aid.  Seems to be no issue doling out billions per year to other countries but stop the presses with anything to help our own citizens. 




 Somewhere out there is a naked photograph of Hillary Clinton.

[Good lord no.](http://i.giphy.com/ph6ewybUlGbW8.gif)  Not that.  Anything but that. 




  If you're not going to be able to feed your damn kids, don't have them.

The problem with that is, what if the parents WERE able to feed their kids when they had them and, for whatever reason, fell on extremely hard times?  There is a lot more to these problems than a general surface level view. 




 Those giant cone bras that Madonna wore for awhile. 














 Relevant texts:

Gunpowder was invented in China while taoists attempted to create a potion of immortality. Chinese military forces used gunpowder-based weapons (i.e. rockets, guns, cannons) and explosives (i.e. grenades and different types of bombs) against the Mongols when the Mongols attempted to invade and breach city fortifications on China's northern borders. After the Mongols conquered China and founded the Yuan Dynasty, they used the Chinese gunpowder-based weapons technology in their attempted invasion of Japan; they also used gunpowder to fuel rockets. 


































 Relevant text:

A man who used to play McGruff the Crime Dog didnt Take a bite out of crime, crime took a bite out of him.

John R. Morales was arrested in 2011 in Galveston, TX after a drug-sniffing dog (narc!) detected pot when he was pulled over for speeding. Police then found diagrams of two indoor pot-growing operations and a plethora of marijuana seeds.

When police raided his house, they seized 1,000 marijuana plants and 9,000 rounds of ammunition for an assortment of 27 weapons  including a grenade launcher, because McGruff must have lots of enemies.

After three years, Morales, 41, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 16 years in jail Monday. 









 Relevant text:

Sedgwick fell at the beginning of the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House, on May 9, 1864. His corps was probing skirmish lines ahead of the left flank of Confederate defenses and he was directing artillery placements. Confederate sharpshooters were about 1,000 yards (900 m) away and their shots caused members of his staff and artillerymen to duck for cover. Sedgwick strode around in the open and was quoted as saying, "What? Men dodging this way for single bullets? What will you do when they open fire along the whole line?" Although ashamed, his men continued to flinch and he said, "Why are you dodging like this? They couldn't hit an elephant at this distance." Reports that he never finished the sentence are apocryphal, although the line was among his last words.[5] He was shot moments later under the left eye and fell down dead.

Sedgwick was the highest ranking Union casualty in the Civil War. Although James B. McPherson was in command of an army at the time of his death and Sedgwick of a corps, Sedgwick had the most senior rank by date of all major generals killed. Upon hearing of his death, Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant, flabbergasted by the news, repeatedly asked, "Is he really dead?" 









 Relevant text:

A pine tree planted in 2004 in memory of former Beatle George Harrison in a Los Angeles park has died after being infested by beetles. 









 **This** is reposted

In all of the examples that you provided, approximately 4 only come close to being a *repost*.  I suggest you learn what a *repost* actually is.

Hyena genitalia posts on Reddit

Posts discussing *different* facts about one thing are not *reposts*.  Posts discussing the same fact about one thing are *reposts*.  Such as [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/search?q=steve%2Bfdny sort=new restrict_sr=on t=all).  

There are more but I think this proves my point. 

No, not at all.  You provided 16 links that you claimed are *reposts* of the TIL I posted.  Further, you claimed the same topic is posted every other week.  You provided approximately four examples that touch on the subject of my post, but are not specifically about the facts I posted relating to that subject.  Those four, if considered reposts, would average out to one every three months and not *every other week*.  So what's your point again? 







































 Source? 




 I hadn't seen or heard of it until today. Internet better?  Maybe you should just get off your ass and away from the computer for awhile.  









 Yes.  With that said though, if you're referencing comments I typically stay away from that and just read the posted articles. 




 To be fair though, are they trashing the person or the politics of said person?   




 the secret rule that allows you to dick over whoever you want

You dicked yourself over by not following simple damned rules. 





























 And Keanu Reeves helped him get there quickly by donating $80 million dollars to him so that he could purchase a phone booth and shoot through the matrix. 




 Relevant text:

Even though Cosa Nostra members show utmost respect to their superiors, there have been cases of members disrespecting and/or humiliating another made man. An especially notorious case is that of Carmine "Mimi" Scialo  a feared and respected soldier of The Colombo Family who had control over the vast area of Coney Island. When under the influence of alcohol, Scialo would become very arrogant, loud and disrespectful. One day in October 1974, Scialo was at a popular Italian restaurant, he spotted Carlo Gambino and began to harass him, insulting Gambino in front of others. Gambino stayed calm, as he always was, did not retaliate and did not say a word. Scialo's body was found not long after at Otto's Social Club in South Brooklyn encased in the cement floor. 














 Relevant text:

The fifth sentence quoted on the northeast interior wall ("Nothing is more certainly written in the book of fate than these people are to be free.") has been called "misleadingly truncated" by historian Garry Wills, because Jefferson's sentence continued with: "Nor is it less certain that the two races, equally free, cannot live in the same government." 





























 Relevant text:

The Jersey barrier, also called New Jersey wall, was developed at the Stevens Institute of Technology in the 1950s (introduced in current form in 1959), New Jersey, United States, under the direction of the New Jersey State Highway Department to divide multiple lanes on a highway. A typical Jersey barrier stands 32 inches (81 cm) tall and is made of steel-reinforced poured concrete or plastic. Many are constructed with the embedded steel reinforcement protruding from each end, allowing them to be incorporated into permanent emplacements when linked to one another by sections of fresh concrete poured on-site.The U.S. military nicknamed the devices as "Qaddafi Blocks" after truck bomb attacks in Beirut in 1983 resulted in more widespread use in military installations. 









 Relevant text:

Female spotted hyenas have a clitoris 90 percent as long and the same diameter as a male penis (171 millimeters long and 22 millimeters in diameter), and this pseudo-penis's formation seems largely androgen-independent because it appears in the female fetus before differentiation of the fetal ovary and adrenal gland. The spotted hyenas have a highly erectile clitoris, complete with a false scrotum, and "the resemblance to male genitalia is so close that sex can be determined with confidence only by palpation of the scrotum". The pseudo-penis can also be distinguished from the males' genitalia by its greater thickness and more rounded glans. The female possesses no external vagina, as the labia are fused to form a pseudo-scrotum. In the females, this scrotum consists of soft adipose tissue. Like male spotted hyenas with regard to their penises, the female spotted hyenas have small penile spines "on the glans, or head, of [their clitorises], making the clitoris tip feel like soft sandpaper". The clitoris "extends away from the body in a sleek and slender arc, measuring, on average, over 17 cm from root to tip. Just like a penis, [it] is fully erectile, raising its head in hyena greeting ceremonies, social displays, games of rough and tumble or when sniffing out peers". 



















 Especially not put on Reddit.

You've only been on reddit for one day.  Trust me, you'll soon discover that this news article is nothing compared to what you'll eventually see on this site. 
























 Relevant text:

Saturday Night Live featured a triple-blade razor in 1975, 23 years before the Mach3, with the slogan "The Triple-Trac. Because you'll believe anything". Not to be outdone, satirical newspaper The Onion printed a mock-commentary by Gillette's president after Wilkinson/Schick introduced their Quattro razor in 2004, three years before the Fusion was introduced, entitled Fuck Everything, We're Doing Five Blades. 












































  r/hailcorporate

Yeah.  Sterilizing people because they aren't worthy of having children.  That's a great promo for the company. 

 




 Relevant text:

Pharmacist Charles Elmer Hires was the first to successfully market a commercial brand of root beer. Hires discovered his root tea made from sassafras in 1875, debuted a commercial version of root beer at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition in 1876, and began selling his extract. Hires was a teetotaler who wanted to call the beverage "root tea". However, his desire to market the product to Pennsylvania coal miners caused him to call his product "root beer" instead. In 1886, Hires began to bottle a beverage made from his famous extract. By 1893, root beer was distributed widely across the United States. Non-alcoholic versions of root beer became commercially successful, especially during Prohibition. 









 Overslept or did he have an overnight playmate? 




 Relevant text:

As of May, 2014, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania had the most bars per capita in the United States. 









 Relevant text:

By 1012 million years ago, the hyena family had split into two distinct groups; that of the dog-like hyenas and the bone-crushing hyenas. The arrival of the ancestral bone-crushing hyenas coincided with the decline of the similarly built but unrelated Percrocutidae family. The bone-crushing hyenas survived the devastating changes in climate and the arrival of canids, which wiped out the dog-like hyenas, though they never crossed into North America, as their niche there had already been taken by the Borophaginae family. By 5 million years ago, the bone-crushing hyenas became the dominant scavengers of Eurasia, primarily feeding on large herbivore carcasses felled by sabre-toothed cats. One genus, Pachycrocuta, was a 200 kg (440 lb) mega-scavenger that could splinter the bones of elephants. With the decline of large herbivores by the late ice age, Pachycrocuta was replaced by the smaller Crocuta. 














 Relevant text:

Chicago, IL- 16 year old Ryan Wilson is dead after attempting to prank gang members in Chicago. Wilson, a young man from Chicago suburb Naperville, went to the southside of Chicago with a friend pranking random people. According to Wilsons friend, the teenager approached a couple of Vice Lord gang members and said, are you ready to dye. Before the teen could pull out a bottle of Clairol hair dye to insinuate that he meant dying his hair, one of the gang members pulled out a .22 and shot Wilson multiple times in the head.  









 Relevant text:

In 1947 James Hanes, the hosiery magnate who started the brand, along with Dr. Clarence Gamble of Procter   Gamble, founded the Human Betterment League of North Carolina, driving the eugenics movement in North Carolina, which sterilized 7,600 people who were deemed unworthy of having childrenincluding black girls who had been raped and were for this reason considered "promiscuous", poor children from large families, people with epilepsy and those considered too feeble-minded to raise children. 









 show hes **out of sync with most of his party** and call into question his fitness to serve as commander in chief

Who gives a damn?  Country before party and if politicians can't get together and understand that simple fact, that their party does **NOT** come first, then I question their fitness to serve at any level.

 









 If someone discovers it for the first time and finds it interesting enough, why not? 




 Around the ages of 4/5, my son would stutter.  It seemed like his mind was five steps ahead of where his mouth was.  I'd just tell him to relax and take his time as there was no hurry and he grew out of it within 1-1 1/2 years.  When my ex and a few others would push him to "say what you want to say" he'd just get frustrated and say that he "forgot" what he wanted to say and that was that.  Pissed me off to no end.  If you do have a kid that does that, just be patient with them and they'll be fine. 




 He is.

Here's a [source](http://www.reddit.com/user/cunterellaella) to support it. 









 From 2010, bro. 

What's your point?  From that nifty little sidebar over there to the right:  *No news or recent sources. News and any sources (blog, article, press release, video, etc.) more recent than two months are not allowed.*

Also, /r/HailCorporate

[Uh, yeah.........](http://i.giphy.com/njhZXSwwxlvO0.gif)
 



















 facts aren't 'learning'

When you first discover them, it is learning new facts. 




 you didn't 'learn' anything

If you discover something happened that you didn't previously know about, then yes, that is learning about its occurrence.  




 Relevant text:

James Earl Jones was born in Arkabutla, Mississippi on January 17, 1931, son of Robert Earl Jones (19102006), an actor, boxer, butler, and chauffeur who left the family shortly after James Earl's birth, and his wife Ruth (Connolly) Jones, a teacher and maid. Jones and his father reconciled many years later. Jones was raised by his maternal grandparents, farmers John Henry and Maggie Connolly. His parents were both African-American, and he has said that he also has Irish and Native American ancestry.

Jones has described his grandmother, Maggie, as "the most racist person I have ever known", thus forcing him to develop his own independent thinking. His grandmother was of Cherokee, Choctaw, and black ancestry.

He moved to his grandparents' farm in Jackson, Michigan, when he was five, but the transition was traumatic and he developed a stutter so severe he refused to speak. When he moved to Brethren, Michigan, in later years, a teacher at the Brethren schools helped him overcome his stutter. He remained functionally mute for eight years, until he entered high school. He credits his English teacher, Donald Crouch, who discovered he had a gift for writing poetry, with helping him end his silence. Crouch believed forced public speaking would help Jones gain confidence and insisted he recite a poem in class every day. "I was a stutterer. I couldn't talk. So my first year of school was my first mute year, and then those mute years continued until I got to high school." 









 Guessing that father was Darth Vader.  Not surprised at all. 




 Relevant text:

Screenwriter Jeph Loeb states that the film was originally conceived as a vehicle for Gene Simmons, who passed, and later scripted with Nick Nolte in mind to play the lead as an out-of-condition former commando struggling with the demands of his mission. Walter Hill was originally involved in the development process. 









 Relevant text:

Prosecutors said Petric planned to kill his parents because he was angry that his father would not allow him to play the video game "Halo 3," in which players shoot alien monsters that have taken over the Earth.

During the trial, deputy prosecuting attorney Anthony Cillo described Petric as a cold, calculating killer who plotted to murder his parents, Mark and Susan Petric, and make it appear to be a murder-suicide by putting the gun in his father's hand.

Defense Attorney James Kersey has said that Petric was obsessed with the "Halo" series of video games, which he played 18 hours a day when he had the chance. Petric used his father's key to open a lockbox and remove a 9 mm handgun and the game.

Mark Petric, who is a minister at New Life Assembly of God in Wellington, testified that his son came into the room and asked: "Would you guys close your eyes? I have a surprise for you."

The father testified that he expected a pleasant surprise. Then his head went numb from a gunshot and he survived. His wife, Susan, 43, died of gunshot wound to the head.

Kersey said during the trial that when the teenager fled the grisly scene, he only took one item with him: the "Halo 3" game. 









 Relevant text:

Fahad is an avid Nintendo fan. By avid, we mean he has so much Nintendo paraphernalia that he has the Guinness world record in owning Nintendo paraphernalia. Fahad has spent over 1.5 million durham, or $408,000 U.S. dollars, on buying Nintendo merchandise. In an interview with 7 Days in Dubai, he said that his mission isnt just personal, but about dispelling myths about Arabs.

It is a very expensive hobby, but I wanted to set this record to give a message to the world that Arabs are not only interested in speeding cars and flashy things," Fahad said. 





























 so someone who visits a sub but doesn't post is not capable of having an opinion on it?

Who said that?  I just view you as an armchair quarterback.  The type of person who likes to sit back and criticize yet do nothing yourself.  

very valid point

According to who?  You?  Because that's what you think, doesn't make it "very valid".

for the sole reason of pushing an agenda

[Uh, yeah.  OK.](https://allthingsvice.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/tin_foil_hat.gif) 









 Clearly "crab-mentality" is a widespread problem amongst society. 














 that is what this subreddit has essentially turned into

What I find is that the majority of the people who make posts complaining about TIL content rarely, [if ever at all](http://www.reddit.com/user/Blackdeath_663/submitted/), actually contribute to TIL content and just piss and moan because they've seen something on there before. 









 His anal cavity. 




 Relevant text:

According to research from Dr. Richard Haier, et al. prolonged Tetris activity can also lead to more efficient brain activity during play. When first playing Tetris, brain function and activity increases, along with greater cerebral energy consumption, measured by glucose metabolic rate. As Tetris players become more proficient, their brains show a reduced consumption of glucose, indicating more efficient brain activity for this task. **Even moderate playing of Tetris (half-an-hour a day for three months) boosts general cognitive functions such as "critical thinking, reasoning, language and processing" and increases cerebral cortex thickness.** 









 Relevant text:

The largest recorded chicken nugget weighed 51.1 pounds (23.2 kg) and was 3.25 feet (0.99 m) long and 2 feet (0.61 m) wide and was created by Empire Kosher. It was unveiled at Kosherfest in Secaucus, New Jersey on October 29, 2013. 


































 It's cooking now but smells/looks delicious. 









 Relevant text:

In his two years as voivode, Vlad is noted as having effected the construction of Dmbovia County's famed Viforta Monastery, in Aninoasa. His life was cut short at about the same age as that of his father, 24, and the historical detail behind his posthumous cognomen is described in the contemporary text of Adolf Armbruster (Dacoromano-Saxonica, p. 198). The account indicates that, following a prolonged banquet, at which, as customary, large quantities of alcoholic beverages were served, Vlad mounted his horse for a ride in the direction of Dmbovia River in which, near the village of Popeti, south of Bucharest, he drowned. His burial at the Deal Monastery was arranged by his mother. 














 If she's going to make me a sandwich after we're done. 





























 the things that truly matter

And who decides that?   




  Kind of like a terrorist.

No not really.

With that said, I'm all for her remaining in prison for as long as possible. 



























































 Relevant text:

Indian yellow, also called euxanthin or euxanthine, is a xanthonoid. It is transparent yellow pigment **used in oil painting and watercolors**. Chemically it is a magnesium euxanthate, the magnesium salt of euxanthic acid. Indian yellow is a clear, deep and luminescent yellow pigment with a color deeper than gamboge but less pure than cadmium yellow.  **Indian yellow pigment is claimed to have been originally manufactured in rural India from the urine of cattle fed only on mango leaves and water. The urine would be collected and dried, producing foul-smelling hard dirty yellow balls of the raw pigment, called "purree".** The process was allegedly declared inhumane and outlawed in 1908, as the cows were extremely undernourished, partly because the leaves contain the toxin urushiol which is also found in poison ivy. 









 Don't Duggar your Duggar. 




 I really don't want to see Hillary in there either.  I think the "best" candidate to be president is someone out there who is smart enough to know not to step into the shit-show that is the U.S. Government. 




 6 months, government does not hold the data

Uh huh, sure.  If you believe that one I've got a bridge to sell you. 









  "It's necessary to keep the American people safe and secure." 

Based on what?  When one of the agencies has already come out and said that the Patriot Act hasn't prevented anything, what ground does this statement stand on? 














 Relevant text:

The federal government has not carried out an execution since 1963, when Victor Feuger, convicted of a kidnap-murder, was hanged in Iowa. For his last meal Feuger chose an olive, with a pit, reportedly saying he hoped the tree that symbolizes peace would sprout from his grave.  









 Relevant text:

 Masha, a stray Russian cat, is being hailed a hair-oine for saving an abandoned baby.

As freezing temperatures swept through the city of Obninsk, the feline heard a baby boy crying outside an apartment building and kept him warm, the Agence France-Presse reported.

Neighbor Nadezhda Makhovikova found the pair hours later Saturday cuddled together in a cardboard box, the 2-month-old boy bundled in clean clothes.

Masha was found lovingly licking the crying orphan.

Whoever left him at the cold apartment block also left a pack of diapers, pacifiers and baby food. 









 Agreed.  Always good to hear stories like this once in awhile as opposed to all of the negativity we usually see/read. 




 Still doesn't change the point that this should be in peoples functional memory.

Really?  You need to get out more and experience things if you truly believe that this "should be in peoples functional memory."  This topic is so far down the list of importance I can't imagine why anybody would remember it beyond a week. 




 Relevant text:

In 1845, Sarah Polk became the 11th First Lady of the United States She was lively, charming, intelligent, and a good conversationalist. President Polk at times discussed policy matters with her. While she enjoyed politics, she also cautioned Polk, whose health was never robust, against overwork. **A devout Presbyterian, as First Lady she banned dancing, card games, and hard liquor at official receptions and refused to attend horse races or the theatre. When she attended the Inaugural Ball, she did not dance. She hosted the first annual Thanksgiving dinner at the White House.** 









 And then thousands of would-be subscribers re-register with different answers. 




 Relevant text:

Although he was married through most of his baseball career, Ruth stated when Colonel Huston asked him to tone down his lifestyle, "I'll promise to go easier on drinking and to get to bed earlier, but not for you, fifty thousand dollars, or two-hundred and fifty thousand dollars will I give up women. They're too much fun." 









 It's very apparent that the simplicity of the question either escapes you or you desire to ignore it like a child.  When you are able to have a discussion with the grown-ups, come on back and let me know.

Until then, [good luck with puberty](http://i.giphy.com/fAGln5qp01U9q.gif). 




 Relevant text:

455 BC: Aeschylus, the great Athenian author of tragedies. Valerius Maximus wrote that he was killed by a tortoise dropped by an eagle that had mistaken his bald head for a rock suitable for shattering the shell of the reptile. Pliny, in his Naturalis Histori, adds that Aeschylus had been staying outdoors to avert a prophecy that he would be killed by a falling object. 







































 Run 




 You're an idiot pal.

Says the guy who "can't" provide links.

We're done.

You've said this about 4 times now.  You're not very credible. 




  for some reason this makes creating links problematic,

Isn't that convenient.............

Follow - the - instructions - I've - given - and you'll be there in the wink of a pixie's twat. 

And as I've stated, it's not my job to support your case.  That's on you.  I want to see the site you pulled each quote from.  It's easy to make something up and throw it online and say it's true.

*"Reddit user -mArtiAn- caught fondling goats overnight at local farm."~Farmer Bob.*

It must be true now.  And I don't have to provide a link to show a credible source that I took it from.  It is true because I said so. 




 What the hell difference does it make if she's black or not?  I mean, the group is called the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.  If she's working to advance colored people, then what's the problem? 




 You're being stupidly evasive

How so?  I'm asking you to support your statements with the links/sources.  Yet you haven't.  

And I'm the one being evasive?  OK......... 




 Link? 




 But if you're going to continually cite my inability to create links

I'm going to continually cite your inability to support your statements with sources. 




 You don't even know how to operate your own phone and, while you can look up random quotes on the internet and store them in a folder on your phone, you don't know how to look up how to use your phone.  

[OK.......](http://i.giphy.com/hhy5zwTKXRXxe.gif) 




 Relevant text:

To avoid the appearance of nepotism as the nephew of Francis Ford Coppola, he changed his name early in his career to Nicolas Cage, inspired in part by the Marvel Comics superhero Luke Cage. 









 Still don't see the importance though, I'm not quoting the source.

Because it gives fuller context to the quote, as well as highlights what site is reporting on the article so you can immediately notate the likelihood of bias. Additionally, merely because people may have said something, does not mean they witnessed it firsthand. They may be repeating something that an unknown person told them or have heard about elsewhere potentially making the information circular anyway and ultimately all from one source.

Quotes like these are easily verified.

Then verify it.  Show me links.

You want to dismiss them without consideration, fine.

I'm asking you to support your posts.  Apparently, you are unable to do that.  Speaks volumes about the credibility of either the quote or the source you used.
 


































 I don't know how to make links on this phone. 

Since you're supposedly so adept at looking things up on Google, maybe you should do the same with this.

That stuff is all bits I've saved in my tinfoil, conspiracy nut folder.

[Seriously?](http://i.giphy.com/i4OfVOFke0jxm.gif)  You save quotes on your phone about this?

Why's a link so important,

Because it gives fuller context to the quote, as well as highlights what site is reporting on the article so you can immediately notate the likelihood of bias.  Additionally, merely because people may have said something, does not mean they witnessed it firsthand.  They may be repeating something that an unknown person told them or have heard about elsewhere potentially making the information circular anyway and ultimately all from one source.

just copy and paste 

You mean like what you should do with the links for the quotes you provided?

and look it up

We've been through this before.  You provided the quote, you provide the source.  Not my job to support your case.

 it's pretty easy to trace this shit to its source. 

Then it should be pretty easy for you to provide the links to the sources you provided.   




 So you were able to copy/paste all of those but not the links from where you pulled them?  

Ok buddy.... 




 Must have forgotten its Life Alert. 




 credible

Here's the thing.  How do you know they are truly credible?  Because someone threw it up on the internet and said they were?  What you did is you searched "credible" and looked for things that supported your already held ideas.  Ever seen [this](http://www.challengefuture.org/static/upload/uploads/abe-lincoln.jpg)?  There is a reason that was made.  Because too many people believe what they find on the internet to be true just because it's on the internet.

sorry if I've been rude with you, but I find it extremely insulting to be called nuts for exercising basic logic.

I don't recall calling you "nuts" but when someone wants to be a jackass and make statements like:

And that sir, is the marvelous way in which the masses give themself permission to exercise zero logic rather than consider a potentially uncomfortable truth. Go back to sleep America.
 
and

Gomer, what, now you can't fucking read either?

and 

I gave you the name, find it yourself you lazy cunt.

You can then take your "I'm insulted" and shove it up your ass sideways.  Hell, you already said once you were done with this topic but you still came back.  Why?  I guess you lie and are thus not a credible person.  [Take care.](http://gph.is/14hiivF)

 




 And the quotes?   




 Again, not my job to support your own postings.  Your inability to provide the source of your information tells one of two things.  

1) You're full of shit.

2) You're internet "sources" are not credible and very likely from 9/11 conspiracy sites. 




 So, to summarize, your answer is "No, I don't have any links/sources for these quotes and what not that I am posting." 




 I mean really, do you have any links/sources for these quotes and what not you're posting?  You're obviously copying/pasting from somewhere.  Let's see from where shall we? 




 not gonna find the paper

"I can't support my statements"

More quotes. Great. Give me facts pal. Quotes don't mean shit.  




 You provided a quote buddy. What's the context? I can say "My cock is the size of a Yukon GMC". Does it make it true?  Fuck no! 




 It's up to you to back yourself up. Not me. 

Do you see prosecutors making the case for a defendant?  I sure don't. 

Back out all you want. If you can't back up and support yourself with credible evidence, that's on you. Enjoy your tin foil hat.  




 Look into it and let us know. 




 She'd still be cheating and thus, would become my ex-girlfriend or ex-wife. 




 consider a potentially uncomfortable truth

Bring facts to the table and I'll consider it.  Otherwise, I'll carry on with my life not wearing a tin foil hat. 




 And?  Lots of stuff happens every day that is "absurdly unusual."  

 




 Hell yeah I do!  I never understood the stigma surrounding people who go to movies/bars/etc by themselves.  I have fun with it.  I can come and go as I please and I usually end up having conversations with interesting people I never would have spoken to otherwise if I was with others.

If people want to judge you based on you doing things alone, let them have at it.  They are the ones with issues that they need to deal with. 




 Hoping they will look in the mirror and realize that "Hey, I'm not a religious expert.  Maybe I should quit preaching it." 









 So does that mean these fuckers will stop telling us what should be done because of what is right/wrong by the bible? 




 All of them.  

Well, except for the one that al-Qaida planned/plotted the attack.  That one is true. 




 What about it?   




 The only issue with that line of thinking is that the police don't know your intent.  For all they know, you're waiting to get to an area more "friendly" for you. 




 It's not like we can change the laws...

This is a line of crap right here and an example of the attitude as to why laws won't change, because people accept defeat without even trying.  If you want laws to change, it can be done but time, work, and effort need to be put into it.  Hell, look at where things are moving with cannabis.  Change can happen.

What if the crimes are victimless and the laws are unjust? 

Prove to a solid majority of people in your area with unbiased information that supports your point that the crimes are victimless or laws unjust.  Simply saying it doesn't make it so.  It just sounds like one person stating an opinion.

Like selling cannabis or sex? 

I personally believe, and this is only my opinion, that there are more crimes and "victims" with these two items being illegal in most places.  The only reason I can figure why they haven't been legalized is because the people in office haven't yet figured out how to make more money off of them with them being legal yet. 




 Which is not relevant at all.  Police don't make people commit crime.  The people who commit crimes do that on their own.  If they chose to stop committing crimes, the need for police would drop. 




 It's Saturday.  Go live a life. 




 9/11 conspiracy theorists 




 Police can stop getting unnecessarily involved in things

People can stop unnecessarily committing crimes.  No crime, no police. 




 People stop committing crimes.  No crimes, no need for police.  Or at least as many of them.   




 [Bigotry](http://www.reddit.com/user/EurocentricZionist/submitted/) checks out. 




 Thanks for highlighting an unsupported opinion that has nothing to do with the original question.  




 Cry me a river.  









 He's a dumbass.  




 I don't care and found it rather amusing that so many people could get so riled up about something so trivial when there are so many more actual important issues going on in the world. 




 Because he's a dumbass. 




 Blow 




 Are they sure it wasn't an [anteater](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-pC3q-7Lhc8s/UfjmQTaCsNI/AAAAAAAAJmc/F26bUOjK-qw/s1600/huge_anteater.jpg)? 









 So she actually had a name for them, thus helping people understand what they were made to represent?  Whereas your shirt does not?  

So, how would they know it's supposed to be Mohammad?

She's in exile fearing for her life to this very day.

She really shouldn't be surprised.  If anything she should have expected it based on previous similar issues.   




 Relevant text:

Two studies published in 2013 and 2014 have found that people who are identified as trolls tend to have dark personality traits and show signs of sadism, antisocial behavior, psychopathy, and machiavellianism. The 2013 study suggested that there are a number of similarities between anti-social and flame trolling activities and the 2014 study suggested that the noxious personality characteristics known as the "dark triad of personality" should be investigated in the analysis of trolling, and concluded that trolling appears "to be an Internet manifestation of everyday sadism." Their relevance is suggested by research linking these traits to bullying in both adolescents and adults. The 2014 study found that trolls operate as agents of chaos on the Internet, exploiting hot-button issues to make users appear overly emotional or foolish in some manner. If an unfortunate person falls into their trap, trolling intensies for further, merciless amusement. This is why novice Internet users are routinely admonished, "Do not feed the trolls!" The 2013 study found that trolls often have a high expectation of what it means to be successful, which is higher than they are able to attain, and this results in them resenting others who think they are successful but who fall below their standards. 









 actually MORE likely to ban or moderate free expression.

Which is also their right to do so when people voluntarily sign up and agree to the terms and use of service agreement.  
 




 Relevant text:

In 1791, partly as a result of the Copper Panic of 1789, Congress imposed an excise tax on distilled spirits, which led to protests in frontier districts, especially Pennsylvania. By 1794, after Washington ordered the protesters to appear in U.S. district court, the protests turned into full-scale defiance of federal authority known as the Whiskey Rebellion. The federal army was too small to be used, so Washington invoked the Militia Act of 1792 to summon militias from Pennsylvania, Virginia, Maryland and New Jersey. The governors sent the troops with Washington taking initial command. He then subsequently named Henry "Lighthorse Harry" Lee as field commander of the troops being marched into the rebellious districts. The rebels dispersed and there was no fighting, as Washington's forceful action proved the new government could protect itself. These events marked the first time under the new constitution that the federal government used strong military force to exert authority over the states and citizens and is also the only time a sitting U.S. president personally commanded troops in the field. 









 No. Especially since the reason given by many isn't even the reason the subreddits were banned in the first place so they don't even know what their point is.  




 Other than the incessant whining of little children, it's fine to me. 




 Were you required to purchase gold or spend money on redditgifts to use the site? 




 TIL many redditors don't understand what the First Amendment truly means. 




 rather than act like some 12 year-old girl

You mean like all the people crying because the subreddit they use on a free service was taken down? 




 So why didn't you just like, not look at any fathate* pages or posts?

I never said I did.

And one more question, do you enjoy looking at all of the other racy subs? Did these ones just strike a nerve with you?

You very clearly don't understand why these specific subreddits were removed.  Instead of following the mob mentality, go out and educate yourself as to why it was actually done. 




 Nope. 




 Shut the same subreddits down that they did and carry on with their day. 




 If you say "Hi" to a redditor they will get pissed off half the time.  The people who are in an uproar need to step away from their computer, open the front door, and realize there is a great big world outside with lots of interesting things to experience other than reddit and a subreddit being deleted that was provided free of charge anyway. 




 I saw similar once in my son's preschool class. 




 Wow, the sense of entitlement is worse than I thought in this place.  Are any of these morons paying to use reddit, imgur, or other sites that are in actuality free to use?   




 No.  

I really don't get the uproar.  This site is free to use, as is imgur and others of the like.  Reddit has no obligation to allow you to do whatever the hell you want.  If you were paying them to use their services I could see an argument but as it stands, you're not.  

EDIT: "YOU" is generally speaking, not one particular person. 




 People are actually this upset that a few subreddits were banned? 




 Waking up. 




 [Oh yeah?](http://gph.is/XLqc2y) 




 Relevant text:

The term dog has been used as a synonym for sausage since 1884 and accusations that sausage makers used dog meat date to at least 1845. In the early 20th century, consumption of dog meat in Germany was common. The suspicion that sausages contained dog meat was "occasionally justified". 









 Relevant text:

Eisenhower later served as junior varsity football coach and cheerleader. At West Point he played football. He graduated in the middle of the class of 1915, which became known as "the class the stars fell on", because 59 members eventually became general officers. 









 Relevant text:

Raccoons can carry rabies, a lethal disease caused by the neurotropic rabies virus carried in the saliva and transmitted by bites. Its spread began in Florida and Georgia in the 1950s and was facilitated by the introduction of infected individuals to Virginia and North Dakota in the late 1970s. Of the 6,940 documented rabies cases reported in the United States in 2006, 2,615 (37.7%) were in raccoons. The U.S. Department of Agriculture, as well as local authorities in several U.S. states and Canadian provinces, has developed oral vaccination programs to fight the spread of the disease in endangered populations. Only one human fatality has been reported after transmission of the rabies virus strain commonly known as "raccoon rabies". Among the main symptoms for rabies in raccoons are a generally sickly appearance, impaired mobility, abnormal vocalization, and aggressiveness. There may be no visible signs at all, however, and most individuals do not show the aggressive behavior seen in infected canids; rabid raccoons will often retire to their dens instead. Organizations like the U.S. Forest Service encourage people to stay away from animals with unusual behavior or appearance, and to notify the proper authorities, such as an animal control officer from the local health department. Since healthy animals, especially nursing mothers, will occasionally forage during the day, daylight activity is not a reliable indicator of illness in raccoons. 





































































 Nothing crazy.  They typically were something like:

*"Hello!  I read through your profile and figured I'd reach out to see if you'd be interested in possibly getting to know each other a little more beyond what we already posted.  Hope to hear back and if not, good luck in your searches!"* 




 Well that's interesting. 




 1-2 times a day.  I actually look at it as a break at work so I can get away from my desk. 




 Miller Lite 




 Carry on with your life.  The relationship is over so there is no reason to dwell on it.  If she's still hung up on it, that's on her and not you. 




 After I got divorced and started dating, I hopped on a dating site.  I soon realized that it was a waste of time to send longer messages due to either no response or short messages in return.  So I resorted to 1-2 sentence messages and went from there.  If they looked at my profile and were interested they'd write back and longer messages would follow. 









 Still sore.  Need to remember the KY next time. 




 And how would they know it's supposed to be Mohammad? 




 Relevant text:

18-year-old Devin Moore was addicted and obsessed with Grand Theft Auto: Vice City. He suddenly snapped and went on a crime spree on June the 7th, 2003. He was caught trying to steal a car and was brought in to the police station where he then managed to steal one officer's gun, and shot him and two other officers dead before stealing a police car and escaping. He was eventually caught and sentenced to death by lethal injection. After he was recaptured he said, "Life is a video game. Everybody's got to die sometime." 









 Relevant text:

Joshua Milton Blahyi (born September 30, 1971), better known by his nom de guerre General Butt Naked, is a former commander of forces under the wider control of Liberian warlord Roosevelt Johnson. Blahyi is a member of the Sarpo tribe in Liberia. He claims he was initiated as a tribal priest at age 11, and participated in his first human sacrifice. During the course of the three-day ritual that followed, Blahyi says that he had a vision in which he was told by the Devil that he would become a great warrior and that he should continue to practice human sacrifice and cannibalism to increase his power. 









 Relevant text:

In 1964, he changed his first name to "Christopher" at the suggestion of a friend who believed the name suited him better than his given name, Ronald. He prefers to be known informally as "Chris" instead of "Christopher". 









 That's the title that popped up when I entered the URL and hit the "suggest title" button (or whatever it says).  I just added "IN" to highlight the state and an "f" in officer as it showed up with only one "f."  In this subreddit, I don't mess around much, if at all, with the titles and let the suggestion button decide it for me. 




 As soon as I saw the word "pastor" I stopped reading.  Not surprised.   
























 Who doesn't like to eat leftovers? 




 What the hell are you even talking about?  This post doesn't even relate to the one you are replying to. 




 Pretty much?  You only have so many ways to word that fact bud. 

Yes. Elsewhere. Like, uh, the cited source. It's amazing what happens when you use common sense.  




 It's easier and less time. 

Move mouse cursor over username and click. 

Move mouse over "submitted" and click. 

Voila! 




 Though I found it elsewhere on the Internet. Imagine that. People learning the same thing for the first time months apart. TIL 




 Says the guy taking time to search and see if something was previously posted before...... 




 1k upvote surely means it got the attention it deserved.

Not really.  1k upvote is nothing and, if I remember correctly, just barely broke the top 25 as it was a slow mover.  

Quit citing my link so you can bitch and moan about something so insignificant.  I don't want to be associated with your weak ass arguments. 




 Because maybe people should post new contents

Oh look!  Another armchair quarterback pissing and moaning about what gets posted in TIL but has never actually posted any links themselves!  

If you don't like it, then go away, and stick with posting links to porn trying to ID the people in the videos. 




 So did you just happen to stumble across the same article from two years ago on the same day as /u/pietroparty or are you just piggy backing in hopes that nobody will notice this is already in the top 10 of /r/all? 



















 Three protesters from the anti-gay Westboro Baptist Church kept their promise and picketed Beau Biden's funeral Saturday, **only to run into a counter-protest by several hundred mourners protesting the group's presence.** 




 /r/politics

It's not that hard. 




 Rues are for shmucks.

So is proper spelling apparently. 




 Since you're a mod over at /r/transdating, can I flood that board with posts that violate the rules? 




 Oh, look.  They removed this one too.  Why?  Rule I.   




 Rule I: Submissions must be verifiable.  




 Relevant text:

Lucas has said on various occasions that Sean Connery's portrayal of British secret agent James Bond was one of the primary inspirations for Jones, a reason Connery was chosen for the role of Indiana's father in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Given that both Spielberg and Ford were Eagle and Life Scouts, respectively, in their youth, gave them the inspiration to portray Indiana Jones as a Life Scout at age 13 in The Last Crusade, mirroring Ford's Scouting past. 









 I didn't have an issue and so far it doesn't look like some others are either. 




 Relevant text:

In 1840, Lincoln became engaged to Mary Todd, who was from a wealthy slave-holding family in Lexington, Kentucky. They met in Springfield, Illinois, in December 1839 and were engaged the following December. A wedding set for January 1, 1841, was canceled when the two broke off their engagement at Lincoln's initiative. They later met again at a party and married on November 4, 1842, in the Springfield mansion of Mary's married sister. While preparing for the nuptials and feeling anxiety again, Lincoln, when asked where he was going, replied, "To hell, I suppose." 














 read the news report dude

I did, three times now.

Some lady neighbour came over, shouted racial slurs at the black kids, and slugged a teenage girl in the face

And it didn't say this at all.  So, again, source?

The first video starts when she's pulling hair with the girl. 

Ah, so it **STARTS** during the fight?  And doesn't show what actually happened prior to the recording starting?

Every person said the lady started it. 

Surely you have a source for *every* person stating this.

The "statement I can't back up" is the word of every fucking person there.

*Every*?  Surely you have a source to support what *every* person there said?

I'm not doing your homework just try reading a paragraph or two from a news report or two.

Ah yes, the good old reddit rebuttal of "Damn, I can't support my own claims with cited source so I'll put the onus on the person asking me to back up my words."   




 Except the teenagers didn't start fighting

Source?

there's actually video evidence that it was a neighbourhood lady coming over to fight with the kids

First, where is the video for this?  Secondly, what were the actions going on before the video started?

but I don't think her racial slurs were caught on camera

So a statement that you can't back up? 




 Well, since I find it extremely hard to believe that in this entire universe, the planet Earth is the only one to possess life, yeah I believe in an *alien* life-form somewhere out there. 
























 I often wonder if some people believe Michael Jackson was white. 




 That's great.  

But it doesn't answer my question. 




 *Several arrests, police in riot gear*

Can't imagine why.

fans tried to crash the gate to get into Summer Jam 2015.

 




 You came out of an 8 month hiatus to post this?

Yeah, sounds like an alt account to post what's already being posted [over and over](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/search?q=texas+pool restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all). 




 [Really?](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/search?q=texas+pool restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all) 




 [Really?](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/search?q=texas+pool restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all) 




 Good thing this story was posted [again](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/search?q=texas+pool restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all). 




 [You don't say?](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/search?q=texas+pool restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all) 




 Abortions have declined in states where new laws make it harder to have them

So, this opening sentence to the article, combined with the title of the article (also the title of this post), leads me to ask:

What is the abortion rate doing-in regards to those that are now being done "off the record"-in the states that make abortions more difficult to get?  Yes, this is impossible to know but something to consider anyway.

 




 They used power tools.  How is this "Shawshank style?" 




 Who gives a shit?  He pushed someone into traffic.   




 No.  Go to a pawn shop and sell it. 




 some dad was concerned about his son's penis being too big for his age

Was the father's name Pete O. Bear? 




 I didn't **have** to do anything.  I chose to post it.  Why?  Because I felt like it.  Then again, I also don't feel like I **have** to explain myself to a brony.  [NSFW Enjoy your ponies.](http://gph.is/15BfTku) 




 Officers responded to a disturbance around 7:15 p.m. Friday at a community pool in the northern section of the expansive Craig Ranch subdivision. **Residents and a private security officer called police to complain that several teenagers did not have permission to use the pool and had refused to leave**, police said. The pool is part of the residential community.  **Several people complained that the teenagers had started fighting.**

Does anybody ever actually bother to wonder what people were doing that caused the police to be there in the first place?  

Not giving a pass to the cop by any means.  (Did he OD on coffee or something?)  

 




 Someone will say something. It'll definitely involve something about God and the bible. And forget that part about judgement.  




 Yes 




 It a post about some music artist who has a mickey mouse styled logo or something, and is being sued by Disney and he is now taking them to court for using his music with out permission. 

And is it still there?  

So you are saying if I do not like the way people are doing something I should just give up?

Give up what?

I should not fight for better content With correct titles I should just give in? 

Oh please, quit the social justice warrior routine.  If you truly gave a damn you'd report posts on TIL if they broke rules.  As it stands, you're not doing anything but griping about stuff in the comments which isn't doing anything but playing armchair quarterback.  I already asked you what about the title was incorrect and you never answered.  However, in not answering you already did. 




 I used to understand TIL many years ago before it became a trash pool of reposts and click bait. 

Then don't visit TIL.  If you went to visit someone and they kicked you square in the nuts upon your arrival for no reason whatsoever, would you continue to visit them?

Hell the top post 6 hours ago was breaking rule 3 on here and no one cared. 

What post was that? 




 TIL /u/David2026 doesn't understand what a "repost" is. 




 I think you are fundamentally misunderstanding what I am trying to say.

No, not at all.  What you're missing is that the majority of people who viewed and voted on this TIL obviously understood what it meant and that your point doesn't matter.  

 that being that your titling was bad

If you want to correct people, make sure you aren't spelling words incorrectly elsewhere in your other posts first.  

you should feel bad.

The message was clearly understood by many.  If you can explain why I should feel bad I'd love to hear it. 




 Relevant text:

Heller wanted to be a writer from an early age; his experiences as a bombardier during World War II inspired Catch-22; Heller later said that he "never had a bad officer." In a 1977 essay on Catch-22, Heller stated that the "antiwar and antigovernment feelings in the book" were a product of the Korean War and the 1950s rather than World War II itself. Heller's criticisms are not intended for World War II but for the Cold War and McCarthyism. 









 As far as I know and have heard he's overall a good guy.  Not one of the arrogant blowhards we've all heard about in sports today. 




 Relevant text:

According to the report, Columbus once punished a man found guilty of stealing corn by having his ears and nose cut off and then selling him into slavery. Testimony recorded in the report claims that Columbus congratulated his brother Bartolom on "defending the family" when the latter ordered a woman paraded naked through the streets and then had her tongue cut out for suggesting that Columbus was of lowly birth. 














 Relevant text:

Kermit was awarded an honorary doctorate of Amphibious Letters on May 19, 1996 at Southampton College, New York, where he also gave a commencement speech. He is also the only amphibian to have had the honor of addressing the Oxford Union. A statue of Henson and Kermit was erected on the campus of Henson's alma mater, the University of Maryland, College Park in 2003. 









 Relevant text:

And all because of a deal the Tigers pitcher struck with friend Daniel Hicks in the 10th grade. I wanted a chocolate milk that cost 50 cents, and I didnt have the money, Verlander, 24, told Sports Illustrated. So I said, How about I give you 0.1 percent of my pro signing bonus if you give me 50 cents now? He found a napkin, wrote it up, and I signed it.

I forgot about it, but after I signed [with the Tigers], he comes over and whips out this old napkin. Im like, oh my God! My bonus was 3-point-something million.

Was a chocolate milk worth $3,000? I want to say yes. I was parched. 









 So if I repost something and change the title and a few words then it is no longer a repost but a new organial post.

Thank you for showing everyone what a moron you are. 




 Technically, you would only use "meant" if you were speaking about yourself in the past. 

Uh, yeah, that's what I was saying in response to your comment of:

which is the exact opposite of what **you** mean to say

And yeah, bad attempt at spin in the rest of your post here:

In this case, since the experience for the reddit community as a whole of reading your title is ongoing, you would use "mean", since your post is currently up, and currently being read. 

Because, as your post and my response up above clearly indicate, we were talking about me, the OP.
 




 You really don't understand TIL do you?  This isn't /r/news. 




 Yes I did, I did not see a list of weapons found did you, I checked again where is it and how am I missing it. 

Then why bother asking a dumb question?

Title and in the article are 2 different things, **It seems like he was charged for the drugs and the launcher** google mcgruff arrested none say guns. 

Yet the title doesn't say he was arrested for any of that.  Hell, the word "arrest" isn't even in the title.

Click bait is making something seem worse then it is.

Well, the title is exactly what it is.  He was sentenced to 16 years.  Prior to that, authorities searched his house and found that stuff.  Is it wrong?

OK smart guy I am sick of looking, please provide me with a list of all 27 weapons found my google skills are not finding them

Not my job.  I posted the article that supports the TIL.  If you'd like to learn more, do your own research.  Get to it champ.
 
























