 If you found $//10,000 right now, what would you do with it? 

What would your superhero name and power be?  




 Dude, I'm pretty much the same. However, I HAVE had relationships and sexual encounters before, but right now they don't interest me. It's not like there are harrowing memories which are causing me to distance myself from intimacy, it's just due to the fact that I can't be bothered, in all honesty. 

Some will say it's weird and unnatural, but it's my body and I don't feel obliged to share it with anyone.  




 Good question! I'm not entirely sure but I can hazard a guess.

Your home is your fortress, your emotional base and safety net. Inviting somebody into your home and showing them around is probably a sign of trust.  




 Woody Harrelson would be livid.  




 Classic Internet. 




 Good luck! Stay focused :) 




 Yeah, such a shitty thing to do to the people that are keeping you afloat! Companies like this are just more interested in money than anything else.  




 The snuggliest thing ever.  




 Some guy that went I my school. He thought he was the best, whereas he was in fact a total cunt. Silly, arrogant cunt. 

And somehow he was popular and the ladies loved him. *sigh* 




 Classic Internet.  




 I tend not to complain, purely because I know what it's like to have someone complaint to you, and it can be uncomfortable. 

However, in a restaurant once, my garlic bread was soggy, so I asked for it to be replaced in the nicest way possible. They obliged and I got an extra portion for free. 

I'm more likely to 'politely question' the service I'm receiving, as people are much responsive to soft probing, as opposed to ranting and demanding. If you are kind and explain your point reasonably, most service staff will find it hard to turn down your requests, whether your complaining about the state of your hotel room, or you want your soggy garlic bread replaced. 

TL;DR: Politely question the service you receive instead of complaining. You'll easily get what you want.  




 I'm travelling around the world come January and I want to teach English as a foreign language. I hear that teaching in China is well-paid and sometimes they even pay your accommodation. Do some research into teaching English in Asia, there's TONNES of info. :) 




 I live for adventures and making others happy. I care very little for my own well-being, I am too focused on the world around me.  Life is huge!  




 People that don't understand the difference between respecting somebody's opinion and respecting someone's RIGHT to hold that opinion. 

I respect that people have the right to say what they want, when they want and to who they want. Doesn't mean I have to respect what they say.  




 Whenever the woman doesn't look like she's enjoying it.  




 Absolutely agree. So stress-free; you know where you are going to be at what time, your whole day is planned for you, you know who you're going to see. 

But life is huge! The world is full of wonders. Do what you love, no matter what anyone else thinks or says. Stay chill, stay true to yourself, be kind and be the person YOU want to be.  




 I've slept naked all my life, no matter what the weather is like. At someone else's house: just boxers.  




 From now one, I'll flip my cupcakes over. What a genius idea! I love frosting!  




 Yeah! When my mouth is really dry, I feel like cold water doesn't 'wet' the inside of my mouth or throat. I'm rehydrated, but the thirst isn't quenched.  




 I've only used it once out of interest. 

Found a contract killer's site. He charged $10,000 (or the BitCoin equivalent) per assassination; $30,000 if it was a political figure. 

There are also marketplaces for every drug under the sun, guns, stolen goods and even counterfeit money. I found one site where you asked for an item and the guy would go and steal it for you. 

LOT'S of child pornography as well, which is why I don't want to use it again. I didn't actually see any myself, as most of those sites/image boards are flagged, so you can avoid it if you want to. 

I did hear that there's also a lot of very useful and helpful stuff on there, but I didn't stumble across any of it.  




 http://i.imgur.com/GwrxA.jpg 




 Such good ideas. I'm so absent-minded it's pathetic. 

For anyone on a disciplined diet, cure your sweet-tooth cravings with sugar-free gum.  




 Saw this walking down the street: http://i.imgur.com/0CREl.jpg 




 Trying to deal with the notion that you can't always thank someone or do something to help is hard. I just try my best to help anywhere/anyway I can. I love actively making someone's day better. It's the little things that count, I suppose :) 




 Get out. You can go to Washington DC anytime you want if I means that much to you. Focus on surrounding yourself with love, kindness and positivity, not people who bring you down all time. Life's too short. 

PS. That person isn't your best friend. I'm sorry if that hurts to hear.  




 I remember learning about this at school. We got told also that some of the women died as a result of infection, due to the pipes cutting their oesophagus as they were force-fed.   




 I had a good one about some butter. I won't tell you because you only spread it. 

Thanks a lot, take care, all the best x 




 Takes me back to my rent boy days.  




 Shit! I'm actually doing this in January!

Me and my best fucking bro in the world had been talking about travelling the world for ages. About 2 months ago I handed my notice in at work and bought a one-way ticket to Australia. 

We're going to live there for a year with a working holiday visa and then just go with the flow. 

I'm in the process of selling all of my possessions. It makes you realise how much shit you have. One of my friends described it as, 'shedding my skin.'

Take the plunge and shed your skin. You said it yourself, nothing is holding you back! :) 




 I was addicted to getting achievements when I first got my 360. Eventually, I would hear the 'Achievement Unlocked' sound ALL THE TIME. 

Also, playing Gears Of War everyday for 2 years, I would get really angry/upset if I had a bad run of games.  




 http://i.imgur.com/Rq0Fl.jpg 




 I said the same thing after reading 'Vasectomies For Dummies'. 




 My cock and balls. So disappointing :'( 




 Speeding is my biggest peeve; as a driver, a cyclist and a pedestrian. 

One time, in a 30mph zone with a speed camera, some guy is driving up my back while I stick to the speed limit. Out of nowhere, he drives up on to the pavement (sidewalk) and overtakes me, eventually dropping back down onto the road, screeching to a halt in the middle of the lane and blocking my way. He gets out his car and storms over to my window, telling me that the reason I've been driving so slowly (AKA: The Speed Limit) is because I've obviously been drinking! (I hadn't). He speeds off and gets flashed by the speed camera. I followed him all the way down the road tooting my horn and flashing my lights; he was livid. 

The town where I grew up was full of boy racers. If you haven come a cross this term, it's the name we in the UK give to youths with shitty cars that they mod with huge spoilers and dampers, then drive around the town all night at ludicrous speeds. Round and round they go for hours in convoy, music blaring, engines 'roaring'. About 6 of them have died in crashes in the past few years. Their own fault every time. 

I hate speeding, it's so irresponsible.  




 Farted today at work and it sounded like 2 drawbridges having a conversation.  




 In return, you have to take my place at work and see if my manager notices.  




 He had silverware all over him and they decided he was a table.  





























 Smashed my rear windscreen by accident with a guitar amp, called my insurance, someone was at my house fitting a replacement 30 minutes later. 

And he didn't even want a coffee so I even saved a few pennies! 




 Frazzles and chocolate digestives. 




 Remember: just cuz she dances go-go, it don't make her a ho, no.  




 He can chop wood AND fill his pants with shit. 




 Great Britain - We won two World Wars, you know.  




 My favourite episodes are the food ones, so insightful! 




 I upvoted even though you spelt it wrong.  




 http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/bfbny/german_redditers_how_is_wwii_taught_in_schools_in/ 




 Insert Coins 




 I often feel a lot of resentment to my past self. 

I like to think that it's because I'm becoming a better person every day (that is, moving ever closer to being the person I truly want to be).

Then I realise it's because I used to be a little twat.  




 This has scared me many a time. Lets say that at the time of the Big Bang, there was this 'point' that contained everything in the Universe. And one day it explode and expanded and here we are. BUT, where was this point? How did all that matter come about? Where did it come from? 

What I mean is, what was there before? If there was nothing, then how did it become something? Where did all these atoms come from? Where is the beginning of the story? 

That's the best way to explain my thoughts when I think about the creation of the Universe. I've just shit my pants.  




 Yeah, I second this. Looking between their eyes is easy to do, doesn't make you feel weird, and the other person will think you're looking straight at them.  




 That was incredible. 




 Stand backwards in a queue, so you're facing the rest of the line. 




 What happens?  




 Amber Attree 




 This is beautiful. 




 Is it a Frank Turner song? There's two that come to mind. Let me know and I'll find out for you.  




 But if EVERY job had the SAME pay, living costs would be low as everyone would have the same amount of money. I'm sure there's a clever way of explaining this but I hope you understand what I mean. 

Economics or something.  




 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sum:_Forty_Tales_from_the_Afterlives

Pretty sure this is it.  




 I've accidentally fallen in love 




 Holy shit! My friend and I have only recently discovered peanut butter, and we are going through a jar every two days. Our new favourite is Oreos and peanut butter. Also a good one is peanut butter, nutella and banana sandwiches: TOASTED. 

Bonus points for being high.  




 My friend pulled down his jeans and boxers and farted in his girlfriend's face at her birthday party. She instantly gagged and threw her glass of wine in his face. We both collapsed with laughter, crying our eyes out and rolling around on the floor, hugging like little giggling babies. 

Still to this day I'll think about it and laugh out loud. I always tell this story whenever people ask me why I just laughed for no reason. 

Best memory ever. She was a bitch.  




 Thanks! Great explanation :) 




 Why does our brain die without oxygen? What is happening in the brain when oxygen is delivered there by the blood?  




 Good idea. Simulation, like faked injuries and diving, should result in fines and match bans once assessed in post-match replays. 

Players would stop diving and clutching at their ankles overnight! :) 




 Non-molten liquids? 

Molten means it has been liquified by heat. Water isn't molten I don't think.  









 Took me ages to be able to roll anything resembling a joint. Only when I'm high can I roll the perfect doobie. 

My joints used to look like tampons. 




 What do it sound like when I talk to you?

And

How do you see things? What do they look like and what are colours like? 




 Do whatever the hell you like, but if you do anything to hurt another human being then you're exiled. 




 "If I wasn't in the rap game, I'd probably have a key knee-deep in the crack game, because the streets is a short stop, either you're slinging crack rock or you got a wicked jump-shot."

B.I.G

If you're from the ghetto, you make it out by either selling drugs or becoming a famous sports star.  




 I'm moving to Melbourne. Any local customs I should know about?  




 Good advice, thank you! What did you think of Australia, where did you stay and what were you doing there?  




 Selling my life and starting a new life in a new country.  




 Someone quickly explain what Karma-Whoring is.  




 Stock tips for Gavin: buy low, sell high. 

Danielle is very sensible. 

Jerry, I can't believe I didn't think of that myself. 

Sam and James, fuck knows what you two are up to.

I would buy a couple of ounces of weed and chill in the Bahamas for a week with my bros. And buy lots of sex. (thanks, Jerry) 




 Talking to girls 
























 Nice one, cheers.  









 TL;DW 




 The Swan and Paedo 




 Normal.  









 For example, when the word 'tlphone' was introduced in French, who decided whether it was 'le' or 'la'? 




 Ouch-witz 




 In my school in England we called that, 'Stuck in the Mud.' 




 Well, I once decided to shit myself when I was 10 because I was busy playing football. 

My mum was livid.  




 Always Squirtle.  




 The funniest thing in the Internet. 




 This is mortifying.  




 Glitter Magnet!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJbYMHLmamE sns=em 




 I have a mint condition replica of Fred Flintstone's car.  




 Thanks, that was a great explanation. I understood a little about the pathways in the brain so that all made perfect sense. Thanks again! :) 




 Ah, Cambridgeshire :'( 




 It's, "The Universe doesn't REVOLVE around you".

Meaning you aren't the centre of everything.  




 Shit would just pour out of me.  




 My town was in East Anglia... 




 I come from a small town in England of about 20,000 also, and I too have moved to Australia. 

Stood at some traffic lights, and I look at the girl next to me. She was from my class in secondary school. We freaked out.  




 Could you elaborate please? Very interested.  




 Haha, this is awesome. I will be like this when I'm old.  




 We guarantee you'll be back for more! 




 Or how to start a fire with a coke can and some toothpaste. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iwrPKVuoTQ feature=youtube_gdata_player 




 Haha awesome! But it gave me the horrible feeling in my stomach like, "Shit! Did I do my homework?"

I finished school 6 years ago.  




 Allen: What!? A pimp? Were you even listening to the story?

 




 Haha, needs more upvotes! 




 This needs more upvotes, please.  




 I was just making a joke. :) 




 Be middle-class and white.  




 Thanks 




 Just do what you can to do what you love. 

And be mindful when someone out there gives a shit. 

-Lyrics- Fireworks: I Locked My Time Capsule 




 I prefer it the other way around. In my eyes, life is too short to work all the time.  

- explore the only planet you'll ever live on
- work when you need some cash
- rinse; repeat

 




 Can anyone help to explain this to me? I don't know what 'atta boy' means.  




 Black off, it's my turn! 




 I wish I knew what your TL;DR felt like :'( 




 You are a PIMP! 
























 Yeah, it was like this in the UK when some fat, pig-faced cunt called Jade Goody died. She was a D-List "celeb" from a reality tv show called Big Brother. A talentless moron, really. Pretty sure she was accused of racism at one point. Then she got cancer and became the shining role model, a pillar of feminine strength. The papers that had so slated her before practically lauded her as a national hero when she died. Stupid, bald wanker.  




 Fuck me, me friend does this whenever there's a social thing. Considers herself a photographer and then rudely interrupts any conversation/activities/fun so we can all POSE for a photo. I tell her, "Your photos would look much better if we all looked natural." 

I'm of the opinion that if somebody is a good photographer, you shouldn't even know they are there. FUCK OFF WITH YOUR SHITTY CANON YOU STUPID, SNAP-HAPPY CUNT AND COME AND ENJOY THE PICNIC. YOU TWAT.  




 Absolutely not. 

Source: worked it.  




 Downvoted you before I upvoted you so I could give you +2 points 




 Personally, I don't let my ego dictate my emotional state. Being right or wrong is no expression of you as a human being.

If somebody proves you wrong, or if somebody judges you for something you've done, then so what? People are way too busy thinking about their own mistakes and lives to worry about you being wrong about something. It doesn't make you weak. 




 What's does smh stand for? 




 Go with it 




 Nice! Thanks a lot. It's been killing me for three days now. 




 Woman holds an art exhibition where she's displaying her pictures for sale. The pictures are based around 'the breakdown of a relationship' or something. The pictures show couples in bed. She's not selling any pictures and an art critic disses her work and leaves. 

As part of the exhibition, she sells her soul to the highest bidder. She then meets the dude that bought it in a cafe/diner because she wants it back. The guy says he has the contract for her soul in his underpants or something. 

Any ideas? 




 I personally don't think girls should be called sluts at all. We shouldn't judge someone, male or female, based on their sexuality and the expression of it. It's totally natural to be very sexually active and people that are should not suffer prejudice. You wouldn't scold the lion that mated the most.  




 Maybe they mean they're sorry to hear that it happened. .  




 What do you mean by, "I went direct 99%"? 




 You can get one in just four weeks if you click the adverts on the side of some website that I went on once.  




 Ah! So that's why it's wrapped in foil... I did wonder.  




 Cool, thanks! 




 Can anyone explain what I'm looking at here?  




 What the... I didn't even know it could... Wow. 




 22:22 is the same for me. I always look at the clock at that time, been happening for about two or three years.  




 Yes, and this sounds interesting. Might have to research.  




 What's his motivation for buying a newspaper? How does a transaction like that take place? How, if at all, would he pay with assets?   




 Yes, and I'm currently reading, 'The Power of Now' by Eckhart Tolle. It's about detaching from your thoughts and living in the moment. There is no past to dwell on, it's in your head. There is no future to worry about, it's in your head. Everything that has ever happened to your or will every happen to you happened Now. Check it out!  




 Yes, and your comment should've had 'yes and' at the beginning! 




 You sure know how to make a woman sweaty down below.  




 Maximum word-points for using 'flabbergasting'  




 A bad kisser. Ain't no-one got time for that shit.  




 It stands for 'too long; didn't read.' 




 I find that dubs are often worse than the original 




 Yeah, I once drove passed my house all the way to the next town without even realising. Something all of a sudden clicked and I thought, "where the hell am I?" 




 Haha, foaming at the mouth with laughter 




 Did anyone actually read the Whole article? It was a load of old arse, and the guy was trying to sell me catholic newsletters or something.  









 The shark in Findjng Nemo was called Bruce. Jaws copied.  




 Nah, not convinced. It was definitely aliens or something.  




 I was going to play some music from my iPhone while hanging with friends, and I often put the phone in a glass or mug to magnify the sound. 

On my bedside table was a mug and a glass. As I was deciding which one to use as my DIY speaker, I said to myself specifically, 'the glass will be better to use.' Picked it up. 

Turned around and checked if my laundry was dry. When I looked down, I was holding the mug. 

Shouted, "No. Fucking. Way". The glass was still on my bedside table.  




 How'd I know it'd be a heart attack... 




 Both of these statements are beautiful and should be injected into every newborn's brain. 




 Ritz Crackers: Want to know how weak your willpower is? Thought so. 




 I was always under the impression that this derived from panning for gold. 
























 Was done in paint I think.  




 Haha I used to do this is the living room with my pillow while my mum was on the phone to my nan.  




 Karl, come on now, are you a doctor? Are you a doctor? 














 Hold me close and tie me down, Sir.  




 Yeah, and we'll just send some over. Shouldn't be too hard to sort out.

"Reg, do you remember how to send positioning? Hart needs some." 




 As soon as their signature is on the paper, Pardew calls them  into his office, "You better fucking speak English or I'll bang you out you cunt. Now fuck off out of here and practice walloping it in the net.  




 Haha yeah, died. 




 Bishop to... ah fuck it, just take him off the board.  




 "I'm not going to sleep with you, I just met you."

Shit, she's doesn't want my penis. What kind of man am I? Mustn't be creepy, keep it cool. "Erm, sorry but I think you should know that... this is actually the only chance you'll get... with me I mean, so... erm, sorry about that..." Shit, that was pathetic, she's just looking around now, gotta be more dominant, show her who's boss, yeah that'll do it, give off that abundance vibe,  "Oi, Frigid, put your knickers back on and fuck off if you're going to play cocktease... tart."  




 Top sourcery 




 And he's just social-engineered you into acting a fool when you could have avoided it, had you known about social engineering.  




 You don't have to be funny all the time. I had this problem, always trying to think of a joke. It meant that interactions with people I like sometimes became awkward, or I was stuck in my head thinking of what to say next. 

You don't need to crack a joke every time you speak. Relax your mind, roll with the conversation, focus on what the other person is actually saying and keep the conversation going with leading questions.  You'll find that opportunities for witticisms will present themselves.  




 How do you pronounce 'based'?

Is it like 'he was based in Seattle', or like 'bastard' said differently (bah-sed)?

I've never listened to Lil B so what does based god mean.  




 Joe Pesci as main chararcter.  




 TL;DR: Friend had mole, Peeps would troll, Threats on the doc, Surgery, Mole stop. 

My friend had a mole on his face that he wanted removing. After 'Austin Powers: Goldmember' came out in 2002, people everywhere would point at his mole and say "...Moley, moley, mole." Strangers on the train, people outside the clubs, a taxi driver, his school friends. He used to get in fights about it on a Saturday. Some fella in the kebab shop, havin' it large with the lads. Gets a bit cocky waiting for his chips. Jumps up from his chair and spins to look at his crew. They all look up at him and he starts to point across the room at the mole, dancing a little jig towards my friend with his finger outstretched. More people start to look. Conversations stop. Silence in the kebab shop. One of the kebab dudes actually turned off the spinning meat cooker. Everyones looking at the pointing guy then he announces, "Minstrel." The roof blows off the kebab shop (yet to be found) and my friend has an unwanted nickname for the rest of his life. He said his mole wasn't as big as a Minstrel. 

He got sick of the harassment so went to the doctor to get it removed. They said it wasn't dangerous, "we'll put you on the list." He asked them how long the list is. They said it was two years. He left the Doctor's surgery, mole intact, and tried to ignore the receptionist, who had taken the time to find the 'Goldmember' mole clip on YouTube and was now showing it to that dentist from the adjacent building.

He decided enough was enough and marched back into the doctor's office and explained that the mole was giving him hell and if they didn't operate immediately, he was going to whip it off himself. He maintains he would've. The doctor fast-tracked him to a senior surgeon and they had it off within the hour.

Now he's just a bloke with a scar on his face.  




 Chances are he'll be in a high-security wing away from people that want to kill him. Unless the screws turn a blind eye to child abusers.  




 Thanks for playing.  




 Upvote for effort  




 Tits 




 and we mixed our cement in a pelican 




 Strawpedo 




 Yeah, I love looking at stuff on the Internet. 




 It's time somebody paid up 




 That was an incredible explanation, thank you. I didn't understand some previous posts about the shadows, but you have really helped me to visualise what's happening here. I just gained a dimension. 




 I'm not trying to fix you over the internet or anything, but have you ever tried to get through a whole night with the closet open? 




 
[Drake - Old Money](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPFt8TIx9_c) 




 It's good. I'm a huge fan of Drake's love songs and his RnB edge, so I loved the emotional ride he took us on through Take Care. NWTS has some strong melodies and his rapping is solid. 

I'm glad that there was no Lil Wayne appearance, I'm sick of hearing him every time I listen to Drake.

I just hoped there would be more soulful singing, but I guess this is just the refinement of his sound. 

Edit: Accidentally a word 




 Good idea. 

Hey, u/wedidthis, do you want to help me dispose of this dead hooker by digging the hole or holding the torch? 




 Those dudes just socially engineered you into apologising.  




 Thank you. Internet kisses x 




 Dude, this is crazy 




 explain please :) 




 Yes, and cyanide kills you by inhibiting those ATP things.  




 This sounds very interesting, I hope someone can shed some light on it for you!  




 Yes, and it's agreed.  




 That is pathetic.  
























 Go on then mate, you have a go.  




 Fray Bentos 




 My bus journey to work was 1 hour so I always had the best naps before and after work. I remember waking up one time with dribble hanging out my mouth and a big wet patch on my t-shirt and the old lady next to me just staring like I was the filthiest pig she'd ever seen. 

Also I jerked awake and kick the chair in front and cut my shin.  




 Or stab their tongue with a rusty screwdriver, BLEYOW!!!! 









 The match tracker in the bottom right-hand corner knew he'd scored before the ball went in.  




 I think my friend had this. He would often poo in strange places like round the back of the bike sheds and in a cow field and that, and he liked showing off his arsehole with cheeks spread.  




 That's the assumption I worked on 




 I used to work in a busy store and once overheard some coworkers saying that they hate it when I fart next to them when they're with a customer and walk away. 

Also my friends' impression of me involves a lot of pointing but I had no clue that I did that.  




 Are you talking to Phil Neville? 









 He knew he was getting a blowie from his missus that night 




 No nets is the worst 




 Dude from my village reckons he knocked out a horse with one punch 




 The USA are only one of the G8 




 Right that's it ban this guy 




 There's 11 on a team though. 




 Cool, thanks for the info. It's interesting that he's the pillar of Bayern's back line, I like a no-nonsense CB that doesn't push forward.  




 This is a bit cheeky, I don't watch the Bundesliga so can anyone some up for me: his role at Bayern, what he does well defensively, and what he does during the attacking phase. Please and thanks. 




 A slug is as evolved as we are 




 Chiellini would sky that. 




 Not 90's at all but she is a bit black 




 Found it: Jessica Mauboy 




 This song was the hold music when I was on the phone yesterday. Sang by a female, it had a 90's feel to it, like TLC or something. It sounded like a black girl, all up and down. 

Google doesn't return anything with those lyrics apart from Macy Gray and some rap songs. It's driving me crazy. 

Please help me! 




 nah
 




 Choosing not to watch a film because you're too lazy to rewind it. 




 Bazzing round the village on your bikes going, "who else can we call for?"
 




 Hot Britney leaked over into the 2000's with 'Toxic'. 




 I remember going to my friends house to play Mario Party and being blown away that he had a computer in his room and being so impressed that he could go on the internet and be on the phone at the same time. 




 Why does the credit card company do this? 




 Got it, cheers! 




 Please what's the answer, I can't imagine how to even begin working this out. 




 You need to get out more 









 You've got dough 









 got it, cheers  




 This is it! Thank you! 

Can I mark it solved on mobile? 
























