 Do this now for 5 years and have to say my jeans are much almost still the same as when i bought them. But when they get dirty i wash them by hand. Sounds nasty but jeans don't get that dirty unless you have such allot of ball sweat that it goes thru your boxers. 




 Je had toch ook die documentaire ofzo over dat elektronisch patinten dossier daar schrok ik ook wel van.

Ben sowieso verbaasd hoe dat in de ziekenhuizen gaat letterlijk elke baliemedewerker kan gewoon je hele medisch dossier in zien. Heb toch echt liever dat dit alleen door behandelende artsen te zien is. 




 It's not entirely insured if you don't go by a psychiater first. So ask your GP to send you to a psychiater and he will send you to a psychologist and then everything is insured not matter how long and how many consults. 




 found the full report but it doesn't look like they searched for ASD or VSD:
http://imgur.com/JTRNT07 




 By the way would an MRI not show and ASD of VSD? 




 Or if you had an investment or you are allready profitable. 




 Really thanks allot! 
Made my mind a bit at ease and gave me a solid plan!
Thanks a million! 
I can't help you back with medical question but if you have some marketing questions feel free to ask! 




 my height is 186 and at that moment i was 88 kilogram so that is a BSA of 2.13 m2. 

But based on these finding would a sudden cardiac death be unlikely or is this hard to say? 

Does this bubble echocardiogram has a specific name?  




 Thanks for your reply again! I had the MRI a year ago so i ordered an echocardiogram to see if it progressed stayed the same or got less in a really easy way because an MRI is very expensive. I do have the report from that: http://imgur.com/LnNv88i 

But i think i'm gonna ask for the special echocardiogram that seems pretty reasonable.

Well i was focused on the heart rate because it is something what you can count and give an exact number. For instance headache is a bit hard to describe in the amount of pain and exactly locate it.  




 Now I can understand your point. Luckily your mom found out! At the end i can always do that but now i'm just in the beginning stages so i don't know yet if its a rare thing or a very common thing. So when they really can't figure it out i will do the research. 




 Hoe graag ik deze onderzoeken wil geloven soms klopt er echt geen bal van. Net zoals laatst dat onderzoek dat alcohol toch niet je hersenen aantast als je alcohol drinkt voor je 16de. Heb je een linkje naar het onderzoek? 




 I'm generally not feeling really good. Sometimes i get very pale/white and i feel pretty weak. Most of the time i get pale/white when heart rate is slow under 60bpm but under 50 i don't feel really good and when faster i get allot of color in my face and skin. 
The echocardiogram was orignally ordered the first time for the bradycardia and tachycardia. It was all sinus rhythm but the EP said it is a little bit strange but not very worrisome. 

I'm not doing very very good because i also have this secondary adrenal insufficiency so it's very hard to say what make me feel bad.

But apart from that i feel confident that this all will end positive for me! 




 First of all thanks for the time and effort!

Well its a bit weird because i sometimes have a very slow heart rate what would indicate very good health but also sometimes very quick. 

How would they find something like an atrial septal defect is that just looking more closely to the echocardiogram of do they do other tests?

But again thanks allot for you time! 




 Cool! I find it very interesting the amount of information doctors can get out of those images. 




 So you mean on the condition they found you should research yourself if there are alternative treatment options?  




 That's not what i mean. I mean that i need to find out together with the doctor what works best for me by telling him how i feel and what i feel so he eventually can make a really good treatment plan. 




 Thanks allot! 
Your explanations are very friendly and clear to understand!
I do have an appointment this monday by phone with my Endocrinologist. But the communication with the EP is not ideal because he is in surgery room 4 1/2 days from the 5 days in the week in the biggest hospital of the Netherlands but he is a very friendly men and I don't really doubt about his knowledge! 




 I life in Delft that almost perfect because your are between the hague and Rotterdam! You should defenelty check that out! And If you come to Delft would you like to take a nice Swedish girl for me with you? 
Thanks in advance and welcome!

you can use http://www.funda.nl it's the biggest apartment and housing site of Holland. 




 Had an echocardiogram done last week but I have the images but not a report. The images are .dicom files. I had an echocardiogram done a year ago also that showed right ventricular dilatation. But I have no clue how to see that on the images. I'm able to send the images because they are only 26.6 mb in total.

I'm very interested also if my quit smoking and doing more sports has made the heart better.

here is the file:

http://www.mediafire.com/download/46fi3glvybvwbaw/Echocardiogram1.zip

don't know if you have a dicom viewer? 




 En dan het jaar erna zeiken dat er geen werk is. 




 Het blijft een lastig onderwerp. Persoonlijk denk ik eigenlijk dat het nooit weg zal gaan omdat je altijd een vorm van jaloezie blijft behouden. Het enigste wat kan gebeuren is dat het nog veel erger gaat worden en dat er misschien een halve burgeroorlog gaat plaats vinden.

Wat ik wel beetje apart vond was dat 80% van de gevangen volgens wilders Marokkaans is dit rapport heb ik zelf nog nooit gelezen maar het klinkt alsof er mee gesjoemeld is. 




 I do understand you but this is how i stand in this. They get paid a good amount of money to be totally up to date of the treatment options in there speciality and choose the right treatment. The only thing i can do is say it's working or it isn't and explain what i'm experiencing as precisely as possible . I truly want to spend my time on my own work and doing fun things and not researching. A doctor should explain to me what the risks are and side effects. But maybe i'm totally wrong here? Well in my home country with the different issues that's fixed because we have GP's how have the "helicopter view" over you medical situation and they refer you to the specialist. You can't go to a specialist by yourself. 




 Exactly this!

Also my problem is that i'm a bit scared or ashamed to go to a doctor and say I think this is going on without having studied for it. Because i get the feeling then that a doctor thinks you are a guy how thinks he knows everything but in fact  you know rats ass about the subject. 




 Dit is eigenlijk een punt waar je het nooit over eens zal worden.. Wil je die lui gewoon thuis laten zitten en uitkering laten trekken? Nee! Maar ze ander mans banen laten afnemen wil je ook niet. 

De overheid moet gewoon gaan investeren in het eigenland door middel van bijvoorbeeld de dijken te laten ophogen of weet ik veel wat maar zodat we banen creren. Zo is iedereen blij.  




 En je CV en werkervaring natuurlijk en noem het maar op 




 Ik word gewoon moe van dat hele racisme gezeik. Je kansen dat je word aangenomen zijn voor elke cultuur hetzelfde hier. Het gaat puur en alleen om je uitstraling op je sollicitatie gesprek. Als ik iemand zou moeten aannemen dan boeit het me geen reet of je paars zwart grijs geel of blauw bent zolang je maar netjes abn praat en dit geld voor "buitenlanders" en net zo goed voor "Nederlands".   




 Off course you should learn something about your health but to a certain level is my opinion. The doctors should give you the right warning sings. Instead of finding them yourself on the internet. 




 I have had those but the only thing showed up where sinus bradycardia and tachycardia and 1500 pac's a day. Now they are gonna implant something under my skin that monitors for 3 years or something like that. But i was wondering what the ecg was showing.  




 Actually he spent 14 years in school but he doesn't know it yet he is planning on planting an implantable loop recorder inside me its called a Reveal Linq. But don't know what alarming symptoms are. 




 he first thought it was anxiety but that doesn't explain the bradycardia's so he wants to implant a implantable loop recorder to figure things out.

I have to say they are pretty rude at that hospital always when i call ER when i have symptoms they say its very busy and we don't have time for this and bla bla. 




 Yes they did, also an cardiac MRI.

Here is the EKG:
http://imgur.com/hlVveDQ

I'm seeing an EP he is a cardiologist how has studied cardiology but specialized in the electrical activity of the heart.

 




 Thanks but i'm not a medical trained person so it would be really stupid to try to find out myself but I appreciate your time for responding. 




 lol sorry! I also have this echocardiogram images but i have no clue who can judge those you can't simply upload those by imgur it are something like .dicom files. 
























 Groningen, wel een eindje rijden. 




 Had the same thing i was in ER and was sitting straight up and getting something out of my backpack when suddenly all alarms went haywire and there where in a couple of seconds 3 doctors in my room. They said it looked like i was in cardiac arrest but no they saw me struggling to grab the stuff out of my back they realized it was a artifact, luckily! 




 Sounds like problems they could easily fix, Hope for you that the next update will make it better! 




 The medicine business is one I will never understand. If I where a doctor or a chemist I would work with a 110% passion of making people better for the absolute minimum amount of money.  




 And they are sitting on there big monopoly making billions of dollars and asking for VOLUNTEERS to help at a World championship they are so wrong in a million places. 




 nog een aanrader is stompetoren grand cru, hemels! 




 Really want to know the excuses she is gonna come up with when you confront her. 




 They have like more then a million domain names registered but also one that I would like to buy but i was wondering if somebody have experience with these people for buying an domain name from them. I personally think it's not very good that they have registered so many. In the other hand that is how the internet works i guess by making money.

Don't know exactly in what sub to post it. 




 so it would be: "I'm also interested in these."  ? 




 Can you tell me the exact spelling? English is not my native tongue and I would love to know the correct spelling. 




 I'm interested in this two!
 




 I can! Really cool! Take some lessons and i'm sure in 2 days you can surf a 100 meters! Enjoy it! 




 Coursera has some courses you can follow online for free! Also try to get a small course in business administration it will give you a good idea for the money part in your company.  




 Oh my depression is really hard for me and i'm suffering all my life in depression. I have seen real depressed people in the psych ward my god comparing yourself to them is absolutely disgusting.  




 People how say they are depressed and have extreme anxiety when they just have a bad week or bad couple of days and next thing you know they are partying and having fun like nothing happened.   




 It will influence it a bit though because you don't have options now in the summer. Allright in the winter no way you are gonna eat outside but in the summer some nice food in the park would be really enjoyable instead of fresh fries with a kroket. 




 Looks awesome! In Holland it's not really popular to eat outside on the streets at food trucks most of the time because you only can get fries and other snacks outside. With this addition it looks like a decent market! 




 80% off the time I had a textbook and a instruction book so it would be very unpleasant if you had to go to the multitask menu and switch between books. I'll stick to print books.  




 I'm not a doctor but like /u/Mmedical says Cleveland Clinic and those others are really well known hospitals maybe they have some options or solutions for you. All the best! 




 Great to hear! Everybody is you friend on that day! And you are invited to all party's. But that's for the first time I ever heard that a movie is released earlier in Holland then in Umerica. Enjoy! 




 Zonder zulke "trucjes" hadden we nooit gehad wat we nu allemaal hebben. 




 You are coming by at King's Day and you are gonna watch a movie? You are nuts! Get your Beer together. 




 Dude i tried to look where you life but goddammit not even google maps has been close to your neighborhood.   




 Exactly the same as being "colored". 




 I'm wondering how much this is gonna cost. $100 dollars for genetic testing is pretty neat! But a couple of $1000 dollars or more i would go to a doctors office. 




 Looks good!  




 Eifel 65 - Blue! 




 I would love to have just my own desk with my own stuff around it nice and organized so i can find everything quick and without thinking about it. The open workplace is cool but it's hard to get in your "zone".
 




 Vroeg of laat gaat zo iets ook in Nederland gebeuren de grote vraag is alleen hoelang nog?

Vervelende is dat het niet te stoppen is. 

Of dit effect heeft op Nederland? Denk het niet, wel misschien een weekje en daarna dat het weer overwaait.  




 We should all post this picture on Facebook and twitter or instagram. 




 Niet religieus en zal het denk ik ook niet worden maar ik heb wel respect voor gelovige alleen vind het weer jammer dat de oorlogen over 2 dingen gaan, Geloof of geld/olie. Ook ben ik van mening dat IEDEREEN man of vrouw, homo of hetero gelijk moet worden behandeld en precies dezelfde rechten heeft. 

Voor de rest geloof ik niet in de "hemel" want waar was je dan voor de geboorte?

Wel vind ik het een mooi "iets" omdat je hoop en vertrouwen aan mensen geeft en dat zou ik dan soms wel weer kunnen gebruiken.

 




 Do you mean by drinking more water my heart rate could go up a bit?  




 It works a bit different in Holland we just go to the bike shop to let them fix the problem or we ask a "friend" who has a big garage or owns a company with a space to work on stuff and who has some bigger tools then the average persons has at home. 
























 Hi there,


I was wondering i have had this EKG's done in a year time but i notice that in lead V1 the rsR is getting bigger each time not by allot but its happening so last EKG where i don't have the print out from show an even bigger rsR in height (don't know the right terms but it looks like that) Does this mean anything? I do have som slight enlarged right ventricle on MRI. 

Starting to get more and more out of breath
And getting heavier quiet a bit. Without eating more.

http://imgur.com/a/aljUk

 




 Thanks for your answer again! Very kind of you! I have no clue how many leads it has.. 




 Thanks allot! Very helpful! so far I think it's a pretty handy and cool device! 
I do have another question about ecg's i have this rsR in v1 but on the second one the rsR the R' is gotten higher if you understand what i mean. The qrs duration however hasn't become longer. Does this indicate something? Or does this already happen with lead misplacement? 




 that Tarte flambee looks absolutely delicious with that goat cheese and bacon!  




 Hell of a conclusion they are making here. 




 The factory is right next to my house, only it is in Delft not in Amsterdam I only don't know how you can see if its a fake o real porcelyn.  




 You are such a terrible dad if you don't let your daughter have sex with her BOYFRIEND unless you are both 12 years old. 

edit: spelling 




 Do you by the way know if they can detect a myocardial infarction in such a tiny thing? Or evidence of it?  




 Recently watched the perks of being a wallflower and I have to say it hit me pretty hard liked it allot. 




 Thanks! Well unless it's a nasa rocket manual it shouldn't be rocket science! 




 Watched the movie again last week and it was truly a joy te see it again. Also the list of actors in the movie is pretty impressive. 




 Thanks really helpful!

Are you a cardiologist? :) 




 http://imgur.com/a/cXqQl

Have a history of some cardiac enlargement end yesterday i was severely tired but i don't know if this is edema or something to call the doctor for to see if something is progressing?

 




 Since 2 weeks I have this Medtronic Reveal LinQ implanted but I was wondering how the report looks like and what it records and saves? Does it monitors your heart rate consistently and does it say from everyday what the lowest heart rate was and what the highest? From the manual I understand it automatically records the more worrisome heart arrhythmia but in my case it's implanted for the slow heart rates.

Edit: spelling 









 Yes! 




 That's why he hates America, makes all sense now. 




 Get the counseling asap just call the psychology office and just go. It won't kill you and they have excellent therapy's! Good luck! 




 O boy mussels are so tasty, when my dad makes them everybody is eating at home that night.  




 Awesome, good for you and good luck! 




 Remember the post on reddit about this but it was an obvious clickbait. 




 Out of interest is that still a big market that telephone sex? I'm always looking at those ads and thinking you must be pretty retarded to call something like that. 




 Thanks for the answer. Have a nice day! 




 I read allot of people how suddenly "die" of heart failure also at young age. But isn't it with heart failure that there would be warning signs like edema and stuff like that? Or is it just wrong information given by the newspapers?
For instance here in a newspaper in Holland:
"The father of the teenager found his son (15 years old) death in the bad tub. Research has to find out what the cause of death is but they are thinking about heart failure."
It is very sad news but I really don't understand it first of all sudden cardiac death at that age is extremely rare and heart failure is something that doesn't develop in a couple of hours without warning signs isn't it?

t

 




 Dit ziet er veel belovend uit, ben het volkomen eens met dat er veelte veel management lagen zijn dit is overigens in de hele zorg sector zo laatst een nachtje en dag in het ziekenhuis gespendeerd en dan heb je een doktersassistent, verpleegkundige een verpleegkundig specialist hoofdverpleegkundige vervolgens een arts-assistente vervolgens een specialist in opleiding daarna een specialist en vervolgens heb je nog 30 management lagen er bovenop voordat je bij de eind verantwoordelijke ben en die mag zelf ook niet eens bepalen hoe of wat. 

Terug on topic:
Ziet er uit als een fijn verzorgingstehuis! 




 Personally I think you would better be off without a mentor. You need to fall and stand up in life and fight your own way thru it. If you made that decisions back then it was probably the right decision. Just don't hesitate about it and you will be fine. 




 Are you considering an operation to get them smaller?  




 It is pretty funny  that those guys think you are totally in the mood and you are just making a cup of coffee.  




 ORS, Oral Rehydration Salts they come in little sachets. Also a good walk outside helps allot of times first you will feel awful but when you get home you feel much better.  




 I'm starting to think what is real and what is fake what Snowden is telling it can't be all true. Isn't he just a psycho who loves attention? Or are the Russians feeding him information he has to say in order to stay there?  




 Very missed opportunity for BBM to wait so long to make BBM cross platform and also computers.  




 Nice! 




 my most happy picture!

http://imgur.com/i2TRd2b 
























 Well i didn't know it was about money they should be paid equally. But  is everything weighted in like popularity, age, good or bad agency, what actor the director prefers and stuff like that? I do have to say Bradley cooper is one of the most wanted actors right now but Jennifer Lawrence also so it is a legit point you are making here. 

About the dresses i'm not on the same level. That's just less then 50% of the people who are interested in that maybe even less. If you are not a fashion reporter I can accept it that you won't ask about it.

In general there were really allot of political statements at the Oscars what seemed to me just like getting up-votes.

 




 (Don't know what sub to post it in)
Not a native english, so if there are grammar or spelling mistakes let me know!

First off John Legend is comparing the amount of black people that are in correctional control to the amount of black people that where in correctional control/prison during the slavery. What is the point he is trying to make here?
Racism?

By all means i'm against racism!

But comparing slavery to prison is absolutely disgusting, prison is a result because you committed a CRIME, slavery however is terrible because you had no choice, just because you where black you where a slave.
In general i'm so sick off the whole racism thing it's just a word what is used way to easy and way to often.
This is in my words is racism:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBeeZVd6urI
But not getting a job based on your RESUME or WORK EXPERIENCE is just the way this world works.
Don't scream off the roof it's racism when you don't get the job based on facts. 

It's hard for everybody to find a new job in this economy.

Another example: a black men is waiting for the bus and the bus driver is white and doesn't stop at the busstop conclusion: racism.
A black men is waiting for the bus and the bus driver is black and doesn't stop: bad luck.
A white men waiting for the bus and the bus drive is white and doesn't stop: bad luck.
A white men waiting for the bus and the bus driver is black and doesn't stop: Bad luck
Just start to except it has nothing to do with your skin color.

Personally I think the word gets misused so much that people eventually will get angry because it's not fair to call somebody a racist when he/she isn't and it's quiet a statement you are making then.

So why do I disgust the Patricia Arquette speech also?
It's a bit the same as the racist story it is used WAY to easy. 
So some people said she did this because of journalist where sexist at the red carpet? And men are sexist when girls/woman dress up really nice?
Well what kind of reaction are you thinking you will get when you wear something like [this](https://nyoobserver.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/462219980.jpg?w=635)
or 
[this](http://uk.eonline.com/eol_images/Entire_Site/2015122/rs_634x1024-150222165857-634-jennifer-lopez-oscars.jpg)?
It's nature that a men gets turned on by the curves of a woman. It's also the same the other way around. 
Don't you believe Brad Pitt(in his good days) or the One Direction boys gets sexist woman all over them?

Believe it or not my mother is a woman also! She has a really good job and she never has being mistreated. 

This whole racism/feminism thing is so getting misused at so many levels that is has to stop because this is damaging the people who are really being treated unequally. 

TL;DR Racism and feminism get misused way to much.

**EDIT**: I see that people are down voting everything that I post and maybe it has something to do with this post. Let me clarify (not that I want allot of upvotes but i get the idea some people see me as a racist or a bad person.) So like to clarify a bit:

First of all true racism is something i'm really disgusted by. Maybe i'm pointing out the wrong examples but I still find that what some actors did at the Grammys wrong. If you truly want to do something about the problem you need to do something structurally over a long term. Let's take Emma Watson she fights the whole year for equal rights for woman this is something to admire and be respectful about. Screaming one time at a grammy that women need equal pay is something to score points with and contributes nothing to the whole problem. And that problem is based on Jennifer Lawrence getting paid 7% where Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale got 9%. This are some differences that I would think have something to do with amount of time on set, time on screen and popularity of the actor. 
The whole thing just looks really shady, first they walk in there $1000+ suits for men and $1000+ dresses or suits for women on the red carpet and brag about all there expensive houses/yachts/jets/Salary/Jewelry and an hour later they are screaming we need equal pay, thats insane.

I do admit that there is a problem in the amount of woman in the management functions and also Board of directors and the higher paid functions. Should it be 50%? No it fully depends if somebody suits the position. This also comes from the fact that women didn't go to school back in the days and where the "house woman" and didn't go to school but luckily that has changed now and women are accepted to all schools and there are allot of alternatives to take care of kids instead of the always a parent at home way(think about daycare) What by the way isn't a hell for children i have been to daycare allot and i made allot of friends there in fact, even more and better friends then on my regular school where i got bullied allot. Maybe it has also something to do with the amount of hours people are working in the USA. Here it's normal to work 40 hours a week but in the US its easy 60 hours a week and a very few vacation days. 

About the racism IF that theory is true about only black people getting jailed for no reason that is terrible and should be investigated straight away and in general innocent people shouldn't be in a jail. One reaction of a fellow redditor included a link to an article what I have read a couple of times.

This is the peace of text where they are aiming at black people:

"Jeffery Schultz: You mentioned specifically implicating a black person. Does your agency target based on race?

Deputy Sheriff: I wouldnt say target based on race but is is, you know, um, it is much easier to do this on a black person because they have no credibility anyways. The charges stick better to blacks than to a rich white guy that can afford a lawyer. That is one school of thought. Then you still have the deputies who like doing it to the rich white guys because they say it removes the smug look from their faces. They get their kicks from the power like its a game. Most cops though, they, um do it to get bad guys off the streets. The last group of deputies do it for personal gain."

What he says about credibility I think we all find disgusting but the sentence later he says its all a money thing because if you can afford a lawyer they won't try it? And yet another sentence later they also get rich white guys. So my conclusion is that there whole system is corrupt instead of a racism thing. 

The thing that I found racism in this text is that they call something a black neighborhood that makes no sense.

I'm just sick of referring all the bad things to race, gender or religion where in fact people are just to lazy to work for it or searching for an excuse. 




 You could try to contact there Twitter/facebook they are quiet active on social media they would be able to give you the correct information. There twitter is @AFCAjax. 




 Personally would accept a price range from 1 to 2 euros.  




 I got 19,99 euros a month. No way on earth i'm gonna pay that much. 




 A friends mom naked, milf lover ever since. 




 Looks ducking amazing! 




 She is a keeper! 




 en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hydrogen_vehicle 




 Hydrogen my friend hydrogen. 




 A good idea is a solution for a problem. 




 You nailed it. 




 My standards are already pretty low. But I did noticed that you sometimes suddenly you have a winning streak like 10 matches and done couple of weeks nothing and then suddenly again 10 matches in one day. I don't know if I am the only one who has this. 




 Figured that out that it was on Tinder, but finding someone on that is impossible. 




 Good enough for me, where can I sign up? 




 Lol well it's pretty hard to diagnose thru a website because they almost always need a physical exam.  




 Do you have a GP? They can do some simple test to see where it comes from. Get well soon! 




 Not a doctor here but is the dizziness position related? Like while lying down no problem but standing up you get dizzy? 




 You shouldn't feel guilty, if it was your wife who was sick, would you care about half a million dollars or would you spent every single penny of it on maybe becoming better or for just being with her a day longer?

Are you married? Don't you say for better or worse? It's your problem but that doesn't mean you can't ask your wife for support you are sharing a life together!

Also ask some advice in /r/medical or /r/askdocs there are some fantastic and smart doctors there who can give you a bit of advice!

My advice is to seek an outstanding hospital something like Mayo Clinic, Cleveland Clinic, John Hopkins or some Academic/University Hospitals or a Specialized hospital in your type of disease. Also it would maybe be smart to ask Lymphoma foundations for advice they are most of the time really up to date and give you an honest opinion. 

For now, keep your chin up and start fighting and don't give up!
 




 If there is only a very slightly chance to get better I would go all in with the money even if the chance is 10%. Your wife will find out how to make money. But living without you is the biggest dept she could ever have and wouldn't never be able to pay off. Choose for you health.  




 john hiatt - have a little faith in me
had a really hard time with my health and psychological and lost all trust in the doctors and myself I couldn't get in to tears to get everything out. But then my father played me this song and I totally snapped. The trust came back and I scrambled myself together and got things figured out and i'm doing much better now! Now every time I hear the song it touches me.
Beautiful!

Edit: the grammar was all off. 









 Wow working with him would be nuts, he will LEND the domain name in exchange for a piece of your company. Is he f*cking nuts? who ever does that is insane. For the rest about the domainname business is that I on the one side think he was smart back then but on the other side he is giving people a really hard time getting there business going and that isn't a thing we like to see!  




 Got extremely hungry after this movie! So much tasty food! And those Cubano's in real life are delicious! 




 Dit heb ik echt nooit geweten! Bedankt voor het delen! 




 I wouldn't be surprised if that wasn't trolling.  




 Seriously why is she on Tinder? If she absolutely hates everything and her intentions aren't dating? 
 




 This serie is now on Netflix [US] I have seen it before and I highly recommend it! Very interesting serie. 









 Thanks for responding! Back then the cardiologist told it was an artifact. When I get out of breath more I will definitely call the hospital to ask what is best to do. Thanks! 




 Thanks for the advice! I will contact them if I get worse thanks for your detailed explanation! 




 Thanks for such friendly input! Appreciate it! 




 Being polite and not speaking with some weird ghetto slang. 
























 Wat mij betreft word alle drugs verboden of op speciale regeling met artsen die hiervoor geleerd hebben. Je vergeet nu wel dat Heroine dan ook legaal word en Cocaine, Speed en Crack.

Uiteraard mag een mens zelf bepalen wat je met je lichaam doet en het gebruiken is ook niet strafbaar. Er is geen wet dat je de bak in draait als je stijf staat van de speed. 

Je mag bepalen wat je neemt maar het is wel de taak van je medemens en overheid om je te beschermen. 




 zou in theorie toch kunnen? Als de VVD valt hebben ze daar toch beiden profijt van? 




 Ja maar internet is sowieso een moeilijk onderwerp, want als de politie nu een huiszoeking heeft bij jou thuis is eigenlijk hetzelfde. Vragen ze de code van je kluis heb je 2 keuzes of je geeft de code of ze maken hem zelf even open en dit is volkomen normaal vinden we. 

Persoonlijk vind ik dat ze een speciaal bewijs nodig hebben wat ongeveer gelijk staat aan een huiszoeking alleen dan voor je computer in dit geval vind ik dat je dan verplicht je encryptiesleutel moet geven wanneer ze het vragen. Maar vrijwillig zonder reden is niet de bedoeling. 

Niet zoals de NSA zomaar alles doen zonder toestemming en lak aan alles heeft.

De rechtsbijstand is toch wel een moeilijk onderwerp ben je onschuldig dan vind ik dat je niet hoeft te betalen voor de advocaat en juridische hulp, maar ben je schuldig vind ik dat je hier zelf voor mag betalen in plaats van de belastingbetaler. Het lijkt me het meest logisch dat ze hier op bezuinigen? Want is het nu niet zo dat schuldig of onschuldig je altijd een advocaat kan krijgen van de overheid? 




 Het was zeker geen cadeautje wat die vervolgens ook nog is benadrukte..

Natuurlijk moet er openheid van zaken zijn, maar vind het gewoon sneu voor die man dat die waarschijnlijk door dat bedrag meer criminelen heeft kunnen opsluiten en deze manier van handelen word vaak gebruikt:
http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prisoner's_dilemma

De PVV en SP zaten al maanden te huilen dat het kabinet moest aftreden volgens mij is dit gewoon geregisseerd door hun.

Van die twee partijen ben ik alles behalve een fan.
 




 Dat ze het hoogste percentage hadden van de stemmers, vergeleken met de andere politieke partijen. Bedoelde ik. 




 Very informative, but damn he sprints thru those slides. 




 Het probleem is inderdaad gigantisch en kan no way gestopt worden dat begrijp ik wel. Maar er aan toe geven is ook niet de oplossing. Het is natuurlijk wel zo dat wanneer het op de vrije handel gebeurd we er tenminste nog wat aan verdienen.

Mijn enigste standpunt waarom het niet gelegaliseerd mag worden is de gezondheid, ook al heb je het in de puurste vorm het is nog steeds verschrikkelijk slecht voor je.

En het criminelen circuit zal uiteindelijk toch ook wel de vrije handel overnemen door de producenten te bedreigen/afpersen. 




 My Cortisol was way to low because of a Hypophysitis what was undiagnosed for along time but i was constantly saying i feel so sick to my doctors and they kept saying yeah it's anxiety and send me home every time so on a saturday I didn't knew my name anymore and I was so sick and so weak I told my dad bring me to a hospital where i have never been he brought me to university hospital and they diagnosed a Adrenal crisis.

Some info what it is:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adrenal_crisis

After some meds i'm doing much better now and the Hypophysitis  is all gone!
And medicine free now!


 




 I feel very sorry for you and on the other hand happy you are still a life, won't tell you hey just go to a nice island and enjoy because that's not what will make you happy at this stage. 
But be patience, trust the professionals who are going to help you and someday you are going to be happy. 

Stay strong!

edit: some grammar. 




 Dat het wereldwijd niet goed zit met de handel ben ik totaal met je eens.
Maar geregistreerd gebruik kan gewoon niet en vrij verkrijgbaar is toch eigenlijk super raar? Iets zwaardere pijnstiller dan paracetamol zijn niet verkrijgbaar zonder voorschrift maar vervolgens zou je wel cocaine vrij verkrijgbaar kunnen krijgen das toch verschrikkelijk krom? 

Persoonlijk denk ik dat de risico's veel duidelijker moeten worden gemaakt in plaats van legaliseren. 

Ze maken het echt niet illegaal om je te pesten.

 




 Hard drugs moet zeker niet legaal worden, gecontroleerd of ongecontroleerd. Stel we doen het gecontroleerd dan zou het moeten voorgeschreven worden dan door een Arts? Aangezien we zwaardere pijnstillers dan paracetamol al niet zelf mogen kopen?
Het legaal maken lijkt me echt niet de beste oplossing.

edit: comma
edit: illegaal moest legaal zijn. 




 Ja is toch bloed irritant, de meerderheid van het volk heeft gekozen voor 4 jaar VVD, ga dan niet na 2 jaar roepen jaa jullie moeten aftreden. Zo los je nooit wat op. 




 Die Spong vertelde dat er continu van dit soort deals worden gesloten. Kan me ook iets herinneren van school iets met prisoners dilemma.

 




 Mensen zullen altijd te hard rijden dus daarom het maar legaal maken? 




 Die beargumentatie slaat natuurlijk nergens op.  




 drugs legaal? Ben je niet goed? 




 Vind wel beetje vreemd dat ze hierdoor meoten afstappen terwijl er echt aan de lopende band word gelogen in de tweede kamer.

Die andere partijen proberen de vvd en pvda neer te harken zodat het kabinet valt want let maar op morgen is het gezeik net zo groot en zullen partijen opperen dat het kabinet moet vallen vanwege het achterhouden van informatie of iets dergelijks.

Overigens vond ik het voor Opstelten wel echt tijd worden hoe die soms communiceerde dat kon echt niet meer en aangezien de meeste criminaliteit via het internet plaats vind denk ik al helemaal niet dat hij de juist man was, volgens mij weet die niet eens hoe een telefoon werkt.

Volgens mij was die Teeven zo slecht nog niet.  




 Steve is on steroids. 




 This is exactly how I see it. Because a big amount of company's/starters forget the basics of there company and bump right in to the wall when they launch there product. 




 Off course you need a MVP but I would develop that, make a business plan and then go to the big investors, in some way you have to hand them some proof and you need to show you are well prepared and know where you are talking about.

The way the valley works is not really representative for the rest of the world and you forget that 80% of the startups don't make it or even a higher percentage. But we all know there are really brilliant products in the valley who simply don't make it because of lack of management and wrong planning.

My uncle and the fiance of my mother always said, you can seriously see in a business plan if a company is gonna make or break it and when something doesn't work in a business plan you can always rethink it.

I do like the idea a lot to get in front of your potential customer and get feedback. Although I would consider this as acquisition. This is also very important in your business plan. 




 You should treat him like every other employe how would function like this. 




 Following this subreddit for quiet a time now and I would like to contribute some of my knowledge gained by school (marketing student) or at the family dinner table (my moms father developed a certain machine in the agriculture where they are market leader world wide, and mom had a fiance who had leading retail store in my home country in his sector). Its not to brag and im not a specialist but I know a couple of things and would be happy to help out. Off course this isnt how you should do it but maybe you it will help you out a bit.

I get the feeling that allot of people just randomly think: Hey I can build a webshop so im gonna make one and gonna sell what I personally like or what I personally think people would like.. This is your absolute good right to do but the fact of the matter is a very few of this business last for a long time. If not done properly. 

Businesses or companys have to be focused on certain problems people are experiencing, or on a certain demand consumers have. This has to be based on facts! Not your own facts but true facts from different sources. I say this because allot of people will make up there own facts because they lose reality. Not that you are insane but you get lost in your own company pretty easy. But you have to remember almost nobody will have the drive and enthusiasm as you have, about your product. 
Do you always look at the ads on the internet page, click on them and buy something? If its your own ad it sounds very logical that somebody will click on it, but this isnt the case.

How to get the facts and figures?
a **BUSINESS** **PLAN** on paper or made in Words what every you want but it has to be readable for other people. I noticed that seriously a huge group didnt have one and a lot of companys don't make it because of wrong management and lack of structure. It doesnt matter how big or small your company is, you will always need a business plan! It will become something to fall back on especially in the beginning. It will also give you a clear view if you idea/company/business is really worth a try or if its better to find something else.

Where to get one?
There are seriously millions of concepts or samples on the internet they are all roughly the same and most of them will always have certain topics that will be discussed.
Here are some example sites:
http://www.bplans.com/sample_business_plans.php
http://www.myownbusiness.org/plans/
When you google business plan sample you will get loads of sites and samples.
At the bottom you will find 3 books that I find the most useful so far.

Why a business plan? 
It gives you a certain structure on how to work out your business and to target your audience. It will also help allot financially because you have a better idea how much money you will spend on advertising, employees and all other expenses and when you break even or when you will start to make profits. 

When you ask advice it is very hard to help you when you dont know your customers profile. Sure you want to sell to all people on this planet, everybody wants that, but that isnt realistic or you have HUGE amounts of advertising money, so especially in the beginning you need to narrow it done a lot:
Gender,
Age,
Country,
City,
Interest,
School,
Relation ship,
Hobbys,
and the list goes on and on and on.

When you have answers to all those demographics you will get a certain customer profile. With this customer profile it is way easier to find the right bloggers/websites/newspapers to work together with and to make a certain social media profile.

Try to narrow your customer profile to lets say your hometown, college, university, church this are just some examples but I think you will know what I mean with the size of your target group. When you reached all of your prospects or you reached your goals you move on to a bigger market so you can take away some of your demographics to grow and advertise bigger.

But by far the most important thing is to develop a strong and good business plan it sounds a little dull but it will teach you a great amount of marketing and in general about developing a business because you have to research a huge amount of information.
 
The business plan is very hard work but it will help you allot!

Some books that will help out:
The lean startup by Eric Ries
How make friends and influence them by Dale Carnegie (this is on of the best books I have ever read)
Marketing fundamentals by Bronislaw J. Verhage (In Holland this is the standard book for marketing at college/university.)

And google has all your answer if you don't know a technical term.
So does the reddit community. 

But asking this is my website and I want more customers can you help me out. The answer that you will get will be so unhelpful in 80% of the time because the possibilities are endless.


 




 Thanks!
May I ask why the aVF lead is almost flat? 

 




 Thanks for quick response.

Weird they still put those interpertation software in the machines when it is wrong quiet a few times.

But thanks again! 









 Great to see the dog is still alive! The men should be proud for saving the dog!

By the way why does the nurse have a hard on? 




 Marketing student here I'm glad to help out a bit.

First of try to read some books about marketing, Philip Kotler is a well respected marketing professor who wrote allot of good books try to buy or borrow some. Also coursera.org maybe has some marketing courses you can follow but I don't know if there are any at the moment.  
 
Why is this important?

It will help you to develop mission and vision, this is the most important thing of a company. From there you can develop your strategy.

An example of a mission, Facebook: "Facebooks mission is to give people the power to share and make the world more open and connected. People use Facebook to stay connected with friends and family, to discover whats going on in the world, and to share and express what matters to them."

With something like this in the back of your head you always know what direction you have to go with you company.

Do you want to focus on a niche market? Or do you want to focus on every household? Hipsters/rockers/hippies etc etc. This will help you to find the right places to advertise. But you want to advertise as little as possible with Facebook ads, magazine adds, newspapers ads those are very expensive and at this point you have to be very creative. You want that people find your products cool, so send some stuff to blogggers/youtubers and stuff like that who are interested in these products and are already talking about it maybe getting a shout out in exchange for some discount and that there viewers can get some discount?

Try to contact fancy.com they have very cool stuff and your products would fit in I guess. But you have allot of similar websites. A problem however with this type of selling is that there is another chain in the distribution channel and the more channels in there the more expensive your products get or the less profit you will make. There is also a chance that the manufacturer are already approaching them. But trying will never hurt you. Or maybe you can have a joint venture with them.
 
Now off to the social media. You need to add value to you posts not only "Hi there here is a picture of a product this is the price, buy it". Try to add value like simple facts: when the product was founded originally or something else people didn't knew about the product in general, they have to be amazed. People need to enjoy following your channel. 

About the flyers I would seriously consider to stop with those, they are very expensive. Unless they give you a solid income.
Always keep in mind I want to reach as much people with the least amount of money spent. 

Now about the website im gonna explain it like im doing a live review. 
Nice designed website with some great products! But a very wide product range, from bikes to hotdogs machines and from gameboys to a TETRIS blocks lamp. O boy I get very hungry of all those nice machines, Yes sir im hungry! Go to the menu lifestyle: No food machines huh they also sell bathroom products? And prints? 
Arcade: No food machines, 
Records: No Food machines and also I have to be honest I was expecting some CDs and Vinyls here maybe it is an idea to change Records in to Audio or audio products or something like that, Gifts: No food machines again but phone cases. So the food machines arent in the menu so only on the homepage.

The Menu is not well organized in my opinion and I dont get a good idea of what are all the types of products you are selling at the first glance of your website.
Seriously try to reorganize the menu that with every click in the menu I know what im doing.

So my advice:
Work on the menu make it very logical!

When visiting the homepage it has to be clear what you are selling.

Start studying some marketing it will help you allot and its also allot of fun to learn how people think. It will also provide you with some easy tools for example a SWOT analysis and allot more of that type of tools. 

Target your audience, it will be a lot easier to find you customers then because you know where to search. But again this is very hard and you maybe have to delete some products out of your company for that. 
The social media part I would recommend to make it more informative and fun to follow with nice facts! 

But the most important advice: Enjoy your brand new company!And truly give your soul and heart for it! And Congratulations!

Its a bit late now and im very tired + english is not my native language so im already apologizing for the bad grammar. Will read the whole text tomorrow again and where necessary I will make some logical corrections.

If you have more question or you need explanation feel absolutely free to ask and i will answer as soon as possible. 




 Well that a bit the brutal way, I was more thinking about a peaceful way. 




 Thanks! 




 Thanks! 




 With your own constitution, army, tax and stuff like that? 




 Do you have some articles about this? I'm very interested to read this! Because where I live they government is investing in all different cultures. 




 I read the article but the article is written in a context you think it only happens to "black" people, because they say we get POOR black guys  instead of a RICH white guy because they can afford a lawyer. This is a HUGE difference because this doesn't say its a racial thing but a money/wealth thing. White poor people have the same chance to get caught here as the poor black people.

I do believe there is racism and the world doesn't end with me. But it's getting so misused.

Not every time you are being treated bad you can't just say o thats racism! 
 
























 Blof en opgezwolle en dan het album eigen wereld. Blof vind ik eigenlijk altijd goed. 




 Zeker goed interview, ben het wel zeker eens met de stelling dat staats secretarissen na hun politieke carrire een paar jaar niet in die sector mogen gaan werken. 




 The last couple of movies are really bad from this serie, the first one was really fun in my opinion. 




 You must have a great personality! 




 this might safe them! 




 Hello and Thanks!
Have installed this a couple of months ago. Only some apps, just don't fit in nicely and don't work flawless. 
It does work only not 100% and 75% of the consumers wouldn't understand how this works or its to hard for them to install.

Either way thanks for the tip! 




 Oke, je hebt Cees H. in een kamertje en die Johan V. , beiden praten niet en je loopt stuk op je bewijs, Johan V. heeft een crimineel vermogen van 200 miljoen EURO en Cees H. voor 6 miljoen gulden. Ze praten niet en er is niet voldoende bewijs dus beiden zullen vrij uit gaan. 

Dan komt dus de keuze, wil je iets of niets.

Een van de twee moet je aan het praten zien te krijgen om berhaupt iemand te kunnen straffen.

4 mogelijkheden:
Beide praten allebei de bak in, Cees H. praten en johan V de bak in, Johan V. praten en Cees H de bak in, of beide praten niet geen van beide de bak in.

Beide praten is natuurlijk ideaal alleen beide mannen houden de kaken stijf op elkaar. 

Dan blijven de volgende opties over vanuit Teeven zijn ogen.:
1. Cees H. 4,7 miljoen gulden betalen op voorwaarden dat die gaat praten en Johan V. Aanklagen en een boete opleggen van 200 miljoen euro + 5/6 jaar cel. Weet even niet hoeveel de euro tegen de gulden nu zou staan maar laten we voor het gemak even op 4,7 miljoen euro maken. 200 miljoen - 4,7 miljoen = 195,3 miljoen in de "plus" om het zo maar even te noemen. 
optie 2:
Johan V. laten praten en Cees H. de bak in en geld boeten, 6 miljoen gulden van Cees H. en Johan V. vrijuit (200 miljoen). Nu loop je dus 200 miljoen euro mis en 5/6 jaar cel.

Of beide niet praten en je eindigt ook op niks.

Welke keuze maak je? 




 Have a Q10 for 2 years now, but the only thing i'm missing is apps, native apps especially. Side loading isn't it for me. A good app store would change a lot for them. Maybe they should make it more attractive to developers. 




 Persoonlijk vind ik de cel echt veelte ver gaan. 
Tweede kamer voorgelogen is natuurlijk een kwalijke zaak, aan de andere kant gebeurd dit dagelijks door de gehele tweede kamer.
EDIT:Dit neemt niet weg dat het niet fout is. Hij heeft hier trouwens ontslag voor ingediend wat al een behoorlijke straf is.

Het toespelen van geld is een beetje te kort door de bocht. Er is geld betaalt voor informatie om de grotere vis te pakken. Ik weet niet of je bekend bent met dit systeem maar wil het best aan u uitleggen.

Nu zegt die Cees H. wel van mij mag die alles vertellen, dat is makkelijk praten als Teeven een zwijgplicht heeft. 




 Met ze deal was niks mis, alleen het achterhouden van het juiste bedrag is fout. Die fout heet die ingezien en hier zo ook zijn ontslag voor ingediend. 
Moet die voor dit achterhouden gestraft worden voor de rest van ze carrire?  




 Vind het toch wel een beetje lullig voor Teeven hoe die man zo de grond in word geboord. 




 I stole a candy bar, arrest me! Please?! 




 Find it strange that a university is listed. 




 Don't think this is the reason of the crash, the co-pilot is still a fully trained pilot. 




 Protein shakes. Bad for your liver and kidneys and a lot of people don't need it. 




 hey OP,
CPU is not a abbreviation for computer!
Nice system though
Enjoy your day. 




 This! 
Totally understand you!  




 This looks very good! Especially for third world countries where they don't have the money for proper trainings facilities.  




 Visiting France and I was a bit shocked how terrible they speak English, have to admit the last couple of years it has become much better. But 10 years ago it was terrible. They where/are also very arrogant about there culture, I was really shocked because I always thought they were very romantic and friendly to everybody not just to each other.

Edit French changed to english.  




 Why don't you consider universities in other cities? Leiden, Nijmegen, Maastricht, Eindhoven, Groningen. I wouldn't even consider UvA the university is way to big for me and not even the best university, also Amsterdam is a bit overhyped at the moment and housing is also pretty hard to find for a decent price.

Don't know for sure but most of the universities have employment agencies for students or international students. 

O and about the dutch, it would be appreciated to learn dutch, almost everybody here speaks english but it would be a little bit rude not to learn the language of the country where you are staying for such a long time.  

Good luck.  




 you? 




 Yes I am! 




 Well it's rather disturbing, are you on tinder for nice dates or to gain instagram followers in the same time? The priority of these people is a bit off. 









 Hoi!
Ja sorry was bedoeld voor het strafrecht! Mee eens wat betreft de scheidingen en arbeidsconflicten las ook dat mediators hier onder vallen misschien is het wat om hier vaker gebruik van te maken? Aangezien advocaten vaak duurder zijn.

Bezuinigen wil natuurlijk niemand, persoonlijk vind ik dat het moet maar hier zijn de mening heel breed over.

Interessant wat betreft die versleuteling! Volgens mij is een encryptie kraken veel moeilijker dan een kluis. 

Aangezien het een grondwet is zal dit denk ik niet op de korte termijn veranderen haha.
 




 Dat verschil tussen lichamelijk en psychisch is psychisch eigenlijk een nog groter probleem aangezien psychische problemen vaak heel complex zijn. Neemt niet weg dat lichamelijk minder erg is.

Toen ik 16 was kan Ik me herrineren dat een gram weed 6 euro was net zoals hasj dit is nu, volgens jellinek: 10 euro voor weed en 13 voor hasj. Dit is een stijging van om en nabij 100%, goedkoper is het volgens mij niet gewordend? Dit komt ook door de belastingen en inflatie.

De risico's zijn nog steeds hetzelfde lijkt me? 

Ja maar farmaseutische bedrijven en apotheken gaan de wiet, cocaince, xtc, paddo's enzo niet verkopen. Dit word dus een nieuwe handel vanaf de grond af. Waarschijnlijk zoiets als coffeeshops want dit gebeurd ook gecontroleerd. Wat voor lui dit zijn weet ik niet maar een crimineel kan toch wel zo een zaak openen. 

Dat een psychose alleen getriggert kan worden als je er aanleg voor hebt is niet waar. Bij wiet kan het schizofrenie verergeren.
Bron: http://www.jellinek.nl/vraag-antwoord/kunnen-drugs-psychoses-veroorzaken/

 




 Or a girl who stands between 5 dudes. What is the statement you wanna make here?

edit: spelling 




 Psychische verslaving is ook verslaving en dat je dan alles kan verbieden slaat natuurlijk als een lul op een drumstel, Van cocane, heroine en xtc is bekend dat die gezondheidsrisico's met zich meedraagt cocaine en heroine al helemaal. 

Maar volgens mij is dit een eigenlijk een discussie waar we niet over uit zullen komen.

Ik zal altijd het niet goed vinden dat mensen drugs gebruiken en wil ze al helemaal niet helpen om dit makkelijker te maken.

En volgens mij kan ik uit jouw antwoorden opmaken dat je voor legale  gecontroleerde drugs handel bent?

We zullen het zien als het legaal word wat de cijfers zijn!
 




 Maybe flying on Rotterdam/TheHague airport would be cheaper but the public transportation from that airport to Amsterdam is not ideal, lets say pretty bad. 

About the hotels I have no clue.
The wiki of this subreddit is very informative so I would recommend to take a look over there.

Welcome to Holland! 




 Because she is mentally older then the boys of her own age.

Bullshit. 




 De redenen waarom drugs legaal zouden moeten zijn:

Het is minder schadelijk dan word beweerd ter vergelijking van alcohol en tabak:
Valt wat voor te zeggen, maar elke dag cocaine of elke dag xtc is natuurlijk een heel ander verhaal en je weet niet hoe dit ontwikkeld aangezien het zeer verslavend is. Hier moet je rekening mee houden dat het gebruik wel iets omhoog zal gaan.  

Criminaliteit tegen gaan.
Nederland word een groot export land aangezien dit dan een legale plek is om het naar toe te vervoeren binnen Europa en te kopen.

Lagere prijs:
Dit is nog steeds afhankelijk van de overige landen waar de productie vandaan komt en je ziet nu aan weed dat het ook steeds duurder word.

Oke we gaan het zelf produceren en jij wil dit op de legale manier gaan doen, bij alle drugs criminelen vervalt hun huidige functie en hun enorme hoeveel heden geld. Dit is zeker gunstig maar ben toch echt bang dat jij de dupe bent als producent of verhandelaar aangezien die drugshandelaren geen lieverdjes zijn en heel hun business is nu weg. Ik zou onderduiken.

Ik bedoel zeker niet dat mijn weg de enige manier is maar legalisatie kan zoveel meer problemen veroorzaken. Psychiatrisch hulp zal zeker ook groeien, ben een keer daar geweest en echt heel veel mensen zaten daar met psychoses door drugs. Natuurlijk niet iedereen maar wel veel. Maar dit is een beetje een kip en het ei verhaal waar je zelf in geloofd. Veroorzaakt de drugs de psychose of hadden die mensen al een psychose en probeerde ze drugs als uitweg.
 




 Al zouden we wereldwijd de drugshandel zo aanpakken dan heeft het zin, als alleen Nederland het doet krijgen we echt nog grotere problemen. In plaats van dat we de criminaliteit aanpakken.  




 Nee sorry bedoelde niet dat ze samen zweren op hun stand punten maar samen werken door bepaalde documenten te lekken is natuurlijk heel goed mogelijk. Zo krijgen ze bijden weer een kans.

Wanneer het kabinet valt hebben ze nieuwe verkiezingen en kunnen zijn mogelijk wel in de nieuwe oppositie partij komen. 
























