 i don't buy it. delusional kids are easy meals.  




 don't take investment advice from strangers seriously. best thing you could do is put it in the bank. maybe look at cars once a week  




 do you have a piece of gum? 




 i paid $600 for a vet to hook my my cat up to an I.V. overnight. the vet knew my cat was dehydrated right away but still half the bill was for running tests.  




 wishing i was caught up in a bank robbery. i would close my eyes and put my hands over my ears so there's no need for them to kill me. the robbers would be so impressed that they would give me money. 




 why do Scotsmen wear kilts?

because sheep can hear zippers 




 rock paper scissors. the trick is, after awhile people usually forget about one of the choices and if you keep track of what they do then you will beat them 




 the ability to slide on anything, regardless of gravity and friction. all i would need is a running start and i would be able to slide along the side of buildings 




 we share 99% of our DNA with apes. so apes are 1% less smart then us. so imagine the species that is 1% smarter then us. they can make whatever drug they damn well please. so far DMT is the only drug we have made purely for recreational use, and that is some intense shit. our brains would not be able to handle the drugs these advanced aliens use  




 every sailor has at least one blow up doll (most are male because they are in the navy) and when they take gun fire they deflate them and fill them with helium so they float. they then tie them to the ship and the ship is unsinkable 




 i put my dog down when he was unable to stand by himself. i tried holding him up so he could pee but he was too proud for that.  




 don't have to go back in time but i would ask emma watson to blow me 




 i got poop on my dick 




 i wouldn't remember it  




 but when it's nice out it's fucking perfect 




 i potato 




 i can't compare it to anything else. some people say it doesn't rain much but it rains hard, some people say it rains a lot but not that heavy. it just fucking rains. 




 seattle: i guess i'm normal  




 WHO THE FUCK DOWNVOTED THIS! THIS IS HILARIOUS 




 work out everyday and you will feel better instantly 




 i love you 




 looks like i'm the first one to call bullshit. if two things compete against each other for long enough, one will eventually dominate the other. men have the choice of the litter and women will have to settle- whether it be for money or security or whatever they will have to settle while we can get what we want if we work for it. fat women stand no chance at getting an alpha male and will have to settle for beta, while fat men can provide things other then looks. i'm drunk and will delete this comment tomorrow. 




 i introduced my friend to 4chan and reddit. he is failing all his classes 




 one of my balls is a lot bigger then the other. it's from riding my bicycle into a car.

edit: wait, i thought these were supposed to be 100% true 




 don't be THAT GUY. just chill and have a good time 




 why do people (i mean women) care so much about their own birthday and get so upset if it doesn't go perfectly?  




 i just wrote this in another thread. one time at a high school party i overheard a cute girl say she only came out tonight to have sex with me. i pretended not to hear because i was a shy virgin at the time. 




 google it. don't downvote because you're too retarded to believe something that seems unlikely 




 i bought my friend in the hospital a e-cig and it broke the next day. and i couldn't find the receipt/ 




 there's a type of jellyfish that never dies of old age 




 i blacked out and woke up in detox in wyoming surrounded by drunk natives and not knowing where i was. 




 that's pretty interesting about the emperor. i wonder then if nuking a non populated area really would have worked the same. 

actually over 400,000 japanese died. half vaporized, half died later from fallout and such. 




 i wish i never started smoking cigarettes. now i can't stop 




 ok, speech therapist is right.  




 thanks. what's a logoped? 




 i can't pronounce the letter R and i have a stutter. this really makes my life hell. i've almost given up making new friends and no one will hire me. 




 based on your comment history, you are going to get stabbed. enjoy death asshole 




 since you paid for him, legally he belongs to you. take this cunt's ass to small claims court and you'll definitely win. 




 when is mothers day? 




 SO YOU'RE THE ASSHOLE WHO DOESN'T TIP ME! 




 wow i can't wait. thank you, doesn't sound too crazy so i'm not so nervous anymore. 




 i'm getting some soon and just want to know what i'm in for. i've tried shrooms a few times and some super weak acid once. 

what can i expect my trip to be like? i mean what was yours like? 




 aww fuck yeah . awesome thank you. i'm getting some soon and i want to know what i'm in for. 




 shit. i meant to put "AMA request" in the title.  




 i would smoke a lot more weed 




 oh yeah i forgot about that thing. but i'm talking about on a much larger scale. like a fire extinguisher that you can use on wild animals to get them high so you can catch them.  




 now that i'm thinking about it, after i payed and picked him up they showed me how they knew he was dehydrated. something with his eyes and the skin on his neck didn't go right back into place if they pulled on it. and they still ran a buttload of tests even though they knew what was wrong. 




 the tests they ran accounted for most of the bill 




 ooh thank you 




 thanks 




 you also have my ideas. my first idea is a weed gun. it's like a fire extinguisher but it blows out weed smoke. you can get animals high so you can catch them.

my second idea is jeans with velvet on the insides.

i have more ideas but i forget them. 




 how do you find a prostitute? i want one. 




 say someone who doesn't know anyone in the tv show/movie industry writes a pilot episode or something, what does he do from there? 




 "What the fuck?" I say aloud as i frantically search my brain for clues as to how i wound up in the middle of a dense forest. As I take in the absurdity of my situation I think back on the previous day. I didn't drink and I only left the house to get a pack of cigarettes. 
"Oh fuck yeah, cigarettes." 
As i take my first drag I approach my situation with a new sense of calm. I hear running water so i make my way towards that. 
I don't remember falling asleep but that's not new. I don't think I'm dreaming but I've never been able to have a lucid dream before. 




 how did you do that? that must have taken some effort 




 i would pay a pilot to fly me around the state so i can drop bags of weed attached to parachutes 




 that's weird. you lose a lot of water when you sleep so maybe you just got dehydrated. alright then i'll quit talking to you. 




 i have insomnia 




 she self serves when we play hacky sack... and misses... again and again 




 i live in seattle... so no. it was only a drop or two.  




 jack off twice 




 i smoked my piss once. i peed out my window and jiggled my dick to get all the piss out and some of it landed in a packed bowl. my last bowl. 




 i blew a smoke ring and turned it into a heart 




 would a lesbian be aroused by her own boobs? 




 pyramid apricot ale 




 i got the big scar on my leg from fighting tigers in asia as a child warrior prince 




 yeah especially since my name is charles 




 i also want to be a stand up comedian but i stutter and can't pronounce the letter R that well. i feel for you. 




 i wish i could give you more then one upvote 




 yes 




 women aren't funny. 




 i turned on the tv right when my dad came home and there were two guys having gay sex. we watched it together. 
























 Mt Eden Dubstep - Still Alive 




 funki porcini - purrfect 




 Devin Townsend 




 Jonathan Coulton - re: your brains   still alive 




 Tangerine Dream - Ricochet 




 CunninLynguists - a piece of strange album 




 Nas -memory lane - illmatic album 




 aesop rock 




 mos def - mathematics 




 Arkasia - Pandemonium 




 christina hendricks sexy

beggars and choosers 

undressed 




 kip moore 




 fun - all alone 




 Gonjasufi - Blaksuit 




 If I Had a Heart - Fever Ray (Fuck Buttons Remix) 




 cannibal ox - pigeon 




 bonobo -recurring 




 a perfect circle - judith 




 tycho

dj shadow - midnight in a perfect world 




 what made me realize i was dreaming was when a dog meowed like a cat 









 thank you. one more thing if you don't mind, which number in the picture in this link should the tip of my tongue almost touch? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alveolar_ridge 




 thank you very much. one more thing if you don't mind, which number in the picture on this page should the tip of my tongue nearly touch? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alveolar_ridge 




 thank you. on the picture in this link, which number should the front of my tongue go towards? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alveolar_ridge 




 i won $300 at a casino, then spent most of it at a strip club 




 i was always running away from something and my legs would feel really heavy, and i wouldn't be able to run fast enough 




 thank you. i still have some research to do but now i have a starting point 




 what's the name of waldo's evil twin? 




 so CO2 emissions cause greenhouse gasses which reflects some radiation back towards earth? and radiation is the same as light. do i have the jist of it? 




 so then why are you at the mall? 




 so the earth has always been getting warmer since it was created? what is infrared radiation? which way is the radiation ejected, back towards earth?  




 why is earth's climate getting warmer? 









 thank you 




 I KEPT SAYING "STOP" BUT SHE WOULDN'T. even when tears streamed down my face, she wouldn't just let me run away and lock myself in the bathroom. i think she craved my humiliation, she loved being stronger then me. she loved being on top and dominating me until i couldn't take it any longer and peed my pants. she just wouldn't stop tickling me 




 ross's is hardly noticeable, i sound like a cartoon character. that's a good idea though, thanks.  




 already have it memorized, that's how nervous i am. and actually if i think about what i'm going to say before i say it then i'm more likely to stutter. english is my first language, speech therapy didn't do shit 




 i was thinking about saying my nickname was "boston joe" on the first day of class, but didn't because of shyness and not knowing anything about boston 




 is it just me or does everyone with down's syndrome look like twins? 




 i say these whenever i'm home alone 




 what? that is the opposite of how i was taught. i was taught to curl my tongue backwards. i just tried your way and i can't do that either. 




 i'm 21 and i've had this problem all my life. i used to go to speech therapy for years until i just gave up (also have a stutter). it didn't do shit. 

how far back should i curl my tongue? was there anything specific that really helped you? 




 ok thank you. i'll have to go buy a mouse so i can do that. this isn't my computer i'm on 




 ok i'll try that, thanks 




 thanks. what's a driver and how do i re-install it? 




 yup 




 nope. i thought of that, not an 80 year old 




 yup. testicular trauma its called 




 THE DOCTOR SAID HE WOULDN'T TELL MY PARENTS ANYTHING WITHOUT MY PERMISSION, HE LIED. one of my balls (actually the ballsack) is a lot bigger than the other because i rode my bicycle into an oncoming car. when my mom comes back in the room. he draws my genitals on his notepad and shows my mom. he then says what size my balls are on a scale of one to ten, and then goes on to tell us what size his balls are. 




 shit. i guess i should have waited for an answer. thanks for looking this up, you went above and beyond 




 nosleep. that's it, thanks 




 that's a good idea but my friend is fishing in alaska so i don't know where to get weed 




 nothing to do with you if that's what you mean.  




 do you know the name of that thread for creepy stories? 




 ok thank you. i've never done this and i can see how this would be helpful. thanks a lot 




 hmm i'll try that, thanks. your comment might actually be helpful for a change. i like to write strange fiction but i'll give this a shot. 




 two problems with that: i only have one friend and he's kind of permafried, and i'm too self conscious for that anyways. 




 my problem is that i can't get my ideas onto paper. i can't even write for 15 minutes without getting frustrated and needing a smoke break 




 i'm too self conscious for that. maybe i'll put some of my stories on reddit. 




 the only drink i've ever ordered at a bar is manny's 




 ok thanks 




 what sorry? i think i've heard of tonic water. away to google i goooo 




 ok thanks 




 what is tonic? 




 double just means twice as much alcohol right? non clear rum means it was stored in barrels right?  




 what is that? 




 really? can is better then bottle? 




 i knew someone would say this but i didn't think it would be the very first comment 




 i hate all the women on the daily show 




 its just that i'm terrified of my parents smelling lotion on me or hearing the noise 




 i masturbate without lotion or lube or anything like that. 




 no but last week i started a new job and the day after my first day of work i dreamed that i would walk out of the store and somehow would wind up right back in it. this kept happening until a security guard came up to me and asked to talk. then out of nowhere another security guard comes up behind me and grabs my balls. i don't fight back but it hurts bad. i wake up and think this dream means that society finally has me by the balls. 
























 but i already know this... it's not fast enough tho 




 my pillow is too hard, giving me a headache 




 i'm trying to lucid dream tho so i stopped 









 well done 




 home alone - human centipede - saw   




 alright thanks. looks like i need a college education. reading books that don't cost a couple hundred bucks can only get you so far 




 that's just as cool. do you have any special qualifications that gave you an advantage over other applicants for the job? 




 i have always wanted to work at a library? how did you end up there? any special training or education? 




 because then you couldnt have this circlejerk 




 that fucking asian cunt. i would fuck her up 




 thats definitely it thank you so much my brother will love this christmas gift i'm sure. although i might have waited too long 




 asian women drivers 




 sent a picture of my balls to a friend i don't like, he stopped talking to me 




 i was at a party and this cute girl openly said she only came to fuck me. i pretended not to overhear. i'm so fucking pathetic 




 your ex-wife shoots up heroin 




 you really don't care that you could have ruined someones life? 




 you're genuinely a really awful person. you show no remorse for seducing a married man and you actually seem to be bragging about it. i hope somewhere down the line you look back and realize just what a terrible person you are.  




 thank you i'll look into that 




 the doors - lsd 




 alright thanks. GTA 4 isn't as good as those? 




 san andreas it is then, thanks. is GTA 4 not good at all? 




 would vegetable oil work? 




 does the bowl need to have steep sides? what did you use? 




 i don't think i have vinegar but thanks :) 




 good point from a good movie 




 DMT 









 i'm completely new to this... what's a torrent? 









 too bad about the fake tits, she's still beautiful though 




 commenting so i can return to this later. for science 




 commenting so i can come back to this 




 commenting so i can come back to this 









 nice try, troll. or are you just dumb enough to think that shooting another human being is the only thing guns are used for? 




 solitude. those rare moments when everyone else on my timezone is asleep and i walk through the park 




 i may not be as bad as you, i like hanging out with one friend at a time. whenever someone calls me up i make sure it's only us two kicking it. i stutter and can't pronounce the letter R, i think this is why i'm so quiet around groups of people. i only have one friend now because my other good friends got addicted to shooting up heroin and are no longer the same people i became friends with, so i ignore their calls and texts. i feel awful every time they call and i ignore it. and my other not so good friends, i finally realized only called me because they needed something like for me to drive them around. i guess i needed someone to vent to, thank you stranger 




 i was thinking about buying a fleshlight (those flashlight vagina things) and told a story about how i bought mine. i was sitting in my car on the street outside my apartment building in seattle, smoking a cigarette. it was raining and a homeless woman carrying a baby walked by and i asked her if she wanted a cigarette and get warm in my car for a minute. she accepted. her face actually lit up because i treated her like a person. we get to talking and it's obvious from her face and teeth that she does a lot of hardcore drugs. i point out where i live and offer to take care of her baby for her. she gratefully but remorsefully accepts, and i give her 40 bucks so she'll get out of my car and go buy drugs before she stinks it up. she hugs and kisses her crack-dumpster baby and cries as she walks to the food shelter. i lied to her about where i live and i just got a fleshlight, but now i'm thinking about getting one that doesn't cry and need to be fed 




 the scar on my leg i got from fighting tigers as a child prince in asia 




 i said "hi." 

then she said "hey how are you?" 

then i said "good. how are you?"

then she said "good." 




 provenance, merlot, napa valley, 2005 




 i have been so closed off and reclusive for so long that it's impossible for me to change. i want to change, but everyone i know will know that this new person is not the real me. i want to be outgoing but this would require a new surrounding with people i don't know 




 how much change does two weeks worth make? that's a lot of money for me 




 thank you for all the help. i just have a couple more questions if thats ok. for the acid, do you mean squeezing a little orange juices into the bowl? how do i get the ground up seeds out of the water, or do you mean to drink this mix?  




 what's a water soak? or is it just exactly what it sounds like? 




 what should i wash them with? alcohol? would water work? 




 you will need a backpack and stuff to put in it 




 what do you mean i'm funny? you mean the way i talk? funny how?  I mean funny like I'm a clown? I amuse you? I make you laugh, I'm here to fuckin' amuse you? What do you mean funny? Funny how? How am I funny? 




 nice try troll 




 you'll have to quit drinking alcohol for a little while too 




 what seeds did you take? how many? 




 i don't think i'm going to wash them, just grind them into a pb j sandwich. i fully expect to get sick but i'm ok with that.  




 what seeds did you use? how many? 




 what seeds did you use? how many?  




 when you jack off do you only use one finger? 









 thank you for replying, i was sure it wasn't well known enough to find anyone but i just thought i'd try my luck. did you extract the LSA from the seeds or just swallow/grind them? would you do it again? any open eye visuals? 




 wow i actually didn't think i would get this lucky! did you extract the LSA from the seeds or just swallow/grind them? what seeds did you use? 









 youth - daughter

fatlip

battleme

phish

massive attack

portishead

Smoking Spore - Toad Patrol

tycho

dj shadow - midnight in a perfect world

bonobo -recurring

a perfect circle - judith

cannibal ox - pigeon

If I Had a Heart - Fever Ray (Fuck Buttons Remix)

Gonjasufi - Blaksuit

fun - all alone

kip moore

Arkasia - Pandemonium

mos def - mathematics

aesop rock

Nas -memory lane - illmatic album

CunninLynguists - a piece of strange album

Tangerine Dream - Ricochet

Jonathan Coulton - re: your brains   still alive

devin townsend

funki porcini - purrfect

Mt Eden Dubstep - Still Alive

One Day/Reckoning Song (Wankelmut Remix) - Asaf Avidan   the Mojos

9 Lazy 9

DJ Food

Cold cut

Crystal Stilts - Frost Inside The Asylums

the tallest man on earth - the dreamer

MF Doom - Vomitspit

Mos Def Talib Kweli ft. Common - Respiration

minus the bear

hopsin

woodkid - iron 




 thank balls. my day's getting better thanks to you  




 hopefully this will make sense in the morning. thanks 




 so would the lower number be cheaper or higher number be cheaper? 




 i just bought a rifle at a gun show without a background check or any waiting period 




 Mos Def Talib Kweli ft. Common - Respiration 




 MF Doom - Vomitspit 




 the tallest man on earth 




 i got cold when it was warm outside. then i realized i haven't smoked crack in awhile 




 Crystal Stilts - Frost Inside The Asylums 




 Nine Lazy Nine

DJ Food

Coldcut 




 One Day/Reckoning Song (Wankelmut Remix) - Asaf Avidan   the Mojos 
























 ctrl + f ghost in the shell, wasn't disappointed  




 why are they shouting at admiral ackbar from star wars?  




 a few days ago my cat was pawing at my stream of urine. it was the funniest thing in the world. i couldn't stop peeing and he just kept swatting my pee. so there's an idea for a comic. if you make it i'd love to see it 




 from a /mu/ thread, i want to listen to later

glass handed kites
broken social scene
childish gambino - culdesac
man of aran - british sea power
ken - by request only
joy division - unknown pleasures
alice in chains - facelift
slaraffenland-private cinema
Titus Andronicus - The Monitor
hundred waters
monk solo - it might be the sun
mount eerie - the microphones 




 i can't pronounce the letter R... 




 how can batman be dangerous if he doesn't kill anyone? why do criminals fear him when they know he doesn't kill anyone?  




 waking up in a drunk tank surrounded by a bunch of natives and not knowing why i'm there.  









 GIVE ME BACK MY CAT! 




 why do you have a hammock and a tent? 




 i pre-ordered bioshock at gamestop, how long do i have to buy it before my $5 goes away? 




 please don't say get an eye patch and a parrot 




 thanks i appreciate you taking the time 




 thanks. i appreciate you taking the time 









 i don't know what that is. honestly i'd be surprised if i find out how to open my xbox without taking a hammer to it 




 horizontally. also the disc tray had a few tiny drops of water on it when i opened it. also my fallout game was soaking wet. i learned my lesson about drinking too much 




 yeah probably but it's worth a shot 




 i got blackout drunk. i woke up to it being unplugged, on the ground, with the bottom wet 




 thanks 




 thanks. i can't believe i didn't think of youtube 




 i don't get why people want signatures and pictures of celebs. it just doesn't make sense to me, and i'm sure he didn't want to be in a picture with you but he didn't want to be rude 




 i've been looking into ecigs. what do you think about this one http://www.vapedojo.com/collections/kits/products/katana-kit ?

yesterday was the first day i didn't smoke in probably like 8 years, so this is working for me 




 good luck on not getting raped 




 this reminds me, i need to look into getting food stamps. anyone know how i go about this? 




 what songing is playing in the background? this is really bugging me 




 which, as you said, is just a plot of land 




 so is nationalism just basically "my government governs me less shitty than your government governs you"? 




 so is nationalism just basically "my government governs me less shitty than your government governs you"? 




 if my dad says comments on my drinking, hide my drinking from him that day and the next day 




 oh my fucking god thank you. "i'm trying to save you a bullet" lol 




 i asked my dad for a zip (an ounce of weed). then said that a zip is slang for a full tank of gas.  




 trip wrong? there's no wrong way to trip. providing a nice setting is a good idea but it's not wrong if you don't do that. think of a trip as a trip. you're going someplace new on an adventure, but you get stuck in traffic. could you have avoided the traffic? no because you're someplace new 




 at least the one in front looks like it has limbs. what is the bunny equivalent of arms called? 




 liar 




 do you have steam? i'll gift you a game 




 i did it once. it was good 




 damnit i forgot that my audio stopped working. does anyone know how to fix audio on a laptop? 




 i don't know anything about computers. how do i do that? thank you 









 i sprayed warhead sour spray on all the food in my highschool's cafeteria. 




 he dead? nooo 




 whenever i drive with my gay friend i have him yell "faggot" at people in his gayest voice. it's hilarious  




 i like how he managed to get his longboard in every shot. i'm that that wasn't planned  




 asians are horrible people 




 thanks. are you a cop, lawyer, or have heard of a similar story? it was weed and ecstasy by the way 




 a friend forgot a backpack in another friend's car. that friend consented to a search of the car because he didn't know the backpack was there. just some weed and ecstasy  




 at least they weren't black 




 why didn't you just surround the place with treadmills? 




 girls think my stutter is cute 




 what is SC GOP? and where do i sign up? 




 damnit man i had a boner 




 it was basketball but with trampolines and pads. that was the shit. what's it called? 









 you sound exactly like i do 




 will your show get better? i gave it a shot, should i stick with it? 




 i loaned a "friend" 700 dollars, how do i prove that money exchanged hands? i have no proof 




 thank you 




 so where is mercer island? 




 i'm looking for a longterm solution though. that helps for a few minutes.. 




 i'm kinda pissed that doctors are taking pictures of him instead of helping hm 




 how many MCG's of vitamin B do you take a day? 




 how many MCG's of B12 do you take a day? 




 thanks a lot. so that's all i need to know? 









 what is the name of that first song? and the other songs too? 




 you... you funny 




 i just bought some and cleaned the fuck out of my room :) 




 alright thanks i'll look into vitamin D and fish oil 









 i hate you 




 lol this woman is retarded lol  
























 love the art, but can i please can you please share where you got this information.  




 i am a felon because i forgot i had my bb gun in my car and parked illegally at school.  




 fried cheese 




 don't you think its kind of inconsiderate to ask him for a picture with a crying baby. maybe it's just me but i can't think of a worse sound than a crying baby 




 i would look at her from a distance so hard 









 overnight stocking and shipment receiving at Home Depot. i work during nights and sleep during the day, so i start my drinking at 7am. cashiers think i'm a crazy alcoholic who never sleeps 




 alcohol 




 i need to stop clicking on these links. it's sad that i knew what this was going to be about before i even clicked on it. i even knew that the women wouldn't be charged, all before ever clicking the link 




 i wish my cat loved me that much 




 she won't get punished more than the guy she accused would have. they never do 




 at college i tried to go to my old dorm instead of my new one. key didn't work so i climbed in through the window. that's all i remember. woke up in a drunk tank surrounded by snoring native americans 




 get a hammock 




 that's awesome. i bet that saves a ton of weight and space in your pack. where is this DIY gear supply you speak of? 




 if you want to listen to the police scanner: 
http://tunein.com/radio/Seattle-Police-Fire-and-EMS-s145392/ 




 i hate what this subreddit has become 




 because old people. fuck old people. and also because these kids are retarded 




 i love how little kids don't know the "roll down the window" sign because they've only seen power windows 









 i've never had that much fun at walmart. i want meth 




 is that what a front ass is called? 




 is it just me, or would hundreds of angry protesters decrease the chance of the police in india getting the right guy in favor of just someone who doesn't have an alibi 




 a sociopath evil genius designs a house to torture and cause pain on the people in the house. 

Saw and Home Alone 




 i found my cat sort of playing with a dead bird so i impaled it on a stick and played with my cat. the bird fell off the stick a few times so i kept stabbing it to put it back on the stick so i could play with my cat 




 i want to put something up my ass and stimulate my prostate but i'm too much of a pussy to do this 




 the piss covered boxers and shorts. also somehow i got some of the piss into a cup. i'm a blackout drunk and sometimes i pee in my sleep 




 1,000th comment in this thread! 




 i thought zelda was a guy? 




 it's craigslist 




 the dealer requires $2000 to test ride. i'm going to sell my car to buy my bike 




 i can't afford a new one and i need the money to test ride. but i'm going to sell my car to buy the bike so i can't test ride it 




 thanks for your input. i won't forget you 




 250R because it would be my first bike ever. there's a forum just for ninja 250 riders and some people my height own them and love them, but i just want a second and third opinion. because i can't test drive it before i hand over the $2000 and i don't have that yet 




 i'm 6 foot 3 inches or maybe taller, would a kawasaki ninja be too small for me? 




 awesome keep recommending sliders when you stumble across one of the many "new rider, need advice" threads. i made post to raise awareness 




 nope. but i'll go back and check the threads i saved 




 i heard that for a beginner, one day at the track improves your riding as much as six months on the road 




 i guess my point is i just wanted to bring this to the attention of other beginners 




 i should say that i've never ridden a motorcycle but am about to get one. i just don't understand how someone knows when to counter-steer at low speeds 




 but i don't want to be one of those people. i like living 




 but at what speed does counter-steering take over? say i decide to lane split and have only one direction to go (right), should i counter-steer to go right or turn the bars right? at what speed does this change? 




 so anything above 10 mph i should counter-steer? i don't get how someone would know if they should steer "normally" or counter-steer. say i'm lane splitting and going 10 to 15-20 mph and want to turn, which way should i turn the bars? 




 also at what speed does it change from normal steering to counter-steering? how would i know if i should steer right to go right, or to counter-steer before it's too late? 









 i also want to know if i can sit on a bike without it tipping over.  




 i hate deer more than any other animal.  




 sorry im drunk. made me chuckle to myself. didn't mean it tho i'll detele it now 




 did you have to wear one of those sheets that muslim women wear? 

edit: i thought this was a valid question  




 starting a mold garden. like a regular garden except with cups of moldy juice 




 vice city 




 consciousness
parades - efterklang
the residents - not available
mew - and the glass handed kites
broken social scene
childish gambino - culdesac
man of aran - british sea power
ken - by request only
joy division - unknown pleasures
alice in chains - facelift
slaraffenland-private cinema
Titus Andronicus - The Monitor
hundred waters
orgy - candyass
monk solo - it might be the sun
mount eerie - the microphones
welcome to the new age 




 and in another thread... first time offender and father of three gets 25 years for selling marijuana to a friend 




 thanks for the advice and link. i got ahead of myself because i'm too excited, of course i need to try a bike before i buy it 




 yeah thanks, that's pretty much what everyone in this thread has told me. i guess i'm getting ahead of myself. i just can't fucking wait and i'm too excited  




 yeah thanks, that's pretty much what everyone in this thread has told me. of course i'm going to ride it before i buy it. i guess i'm getting ahead of myself. i just can't fucking wait and i'm too excited  




 yeah thanks, that's pretty much what everyone in this thread has told me. i guess i'm getting ahead of myself. i just can't fucking wait and i'm too excited  




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize. 

i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me? 




 keep reading 




 yeah i get that. it took me awhile to drive stick shift perfectly. 
other people in this thread already convinced me to take the lessons. especially when one guy said it pays for my license and saves on insurance 




 thanks i'll check it out. i found it in a pdf file, here's the link if you want it.
http://tinymicros.com/mediawiki/images/c/cd/Twist_Of_The_Wrist_I.pdf 




 really i didn't know it pays for my license and saves on insurance. that's great. thank you. you guys are pretty friendly in this subreddit, i like it 




 haha yeah that's a good point. thanks, i appreciate you taking the time 




 well i would have to buy the bike before i take the license test anyways, but yeah i think you guys convinced me, thanks all 




 yeah i forgot that bit, i put it in the comments section straight away. 250. no way i would get a liter bike for my first one. also i'm cheap so this would save gas right? 

i think you guys convinced me, i'll take some lessons 




 i honestly feel that i know everything there is to know for a beginner 




 oh ok. how much were your lessons?

edit: i meant to say over a dozen. i can't spell today 




 ninja 250 i meant to say

i've seen at least dozen of youtube videos, so i don't know if i need to take lessons 
























 from an economic standpoint, in a world without countries the currency would be the same. so we would be better able to help the sick the sick and poor right? 

thank you obliging my stupid mind. i would love to have a discussion about this but i'm pretty drunk 




 do you think that dogs have dreams when they sleep? 




 nothing that communistic. i was just thinking of either

1. countries without borders: which might make the rich richer and the poor poorer but would help the desperate. 

2. a unified world: which has the potential for disaster or peace 




 do dogs dream? 




 i don't know but if the love of my life looks through my stuff she will see people like me and will contact me and we will meet and then she will be grossed out but not before i smell her and take some of her hair 




 i just delete my posts that get bad karma. except the ones i think are funny even if no one else does 




 without borders everyone could be happy but there's a chance that everyone could be sad. with borders some people are happy and some are sad and the happy people want to separate themselves from the sad people.  




 how does this affect me? 




 i liked the story. don't worry about about knives it'll be ok 




 awesome! my mom works for the IRS and we're going to the movies tomorrow now 









 it's been awhile but i think i just didn't like their design. it reminded me of that old game Space Invaders  




 mainly i didn't like the new enemy 




 i keep thinking about gurran lagann because i dropped it after it jumped ahead in time. i wonder how it ends, but i don't really want to watch it anymore 




 i can't believe i'm the only one wondering why they don't just clean the bathrooms and kitchens? are all of them just waiting for someone else to? 




 i don't like it when that woman talks 




 i can't get food stamps because my parents claim me as a dependant, but don't feed me enough. where's my government assistance? 




 Darker than Black maybe 




 more like BUTTom lol 




 no its not. try it 




 evan williams   sriracha sauce. thanks 




 its good in whiskey too 




 you just told two girls (who i assume are friends because you have liked both for 3 years) that you like them both? fuck man. please keep updating this journal 




 there should be Underground Olympics. 

stealing - it can be an art and if you get caught, it can also be exercise. put the athletes in any store with any security measures and judge them on how cleanly they get away and what they steal. 

assassination - give the athletes a target and paintball guns

graffiti - judge on the art and the lengths it took to tag that shit

cop chases - think ghost rider  




 last night i was swinging a chair around because i heard that that badass ancient warriors worked out by swinging a heavy mace around. the chair broke but luckily nothing else did 




 go rob a church. unless you believe in god. then don't do that 




 when you truly don't give a fuck you would say "i would fuck buffy the vampire so hard she pees" instead of "i don't give a fuck" 




 RIP Mexico City council 




 This is why I always carry hot sauce 




 aren't you a little young and skinny for a bike like that? 




 i think the scooby doo shapes taste better than plain old noodle shapes.  




 maybe i'm a lightweight but it would take me over a week to drink all that icewater 




 i just wanted tissues
 




 i'm looking at KLR650's as my first bike... what's this doohickey mod?  




 i'm in the same boat as you OP. i actually fit your description too. i've been looking at KLR 650s and DR650s so far. they seem to be pretty cheap and durable.  




 what's farkle mean? 




 what's a valve? 




 Whats a good one? 




 thank you for this, helps a lot. money is my main concern so i think i'm getting a KLR 




 yeah i would like a DRZ more but it's a lot more expensive.  




 i'm missing something 




 which is better for a 6 foot 3 tall person? 

which is easier for a beginner to ride? 

which is more durable/long lasting? needs less maintenance?  




 why flatten the tires? 









 how did the photographer get in the stall? 




 wheelie  




 Thanks. Which one were you talking about though? 




 what's the difference between a dual sport and supermoto? 




 i loaned $500 to a "friend" and now she's ignoring my calls and texts except for when i call from a different phone, then she hangs up. i have no way to get the money back because she moved 




 but now what are they going to rape? oh yeahh 




 what is it? 




 i took speech therapy for about 3-4 years (elementary and middle school) and that only made my problem and anxiety worse because it was always on my mind. and that was when my parents paid for it, i can't afford it now anyways 




 but then i would have to piss ten times before i get a buzz going 




 i won't remember. but thank you 




 i'm friends with most of the cashiers and they don't check my ID. i'll bring it up next time i go in but i don't want to cost anyone their job even if he was a dick. fucking effort went into this grammar. hope you appreciate all my spellchecks haha 




 I've never been able to pronounce the letter R. Speech therapy didn't help so i'm stuck with it and with my stutter, and i've always been pretty embarrassed about it so i don't talk much. I just got off work, i work overnights (9pm to 6am) and went to go buy a couple steel reserves at one of my usual stores. Some new guy was working and after the pleasantries and he took my ID, he said he wouldn't sell me the beer because i'm slurring my words. i told him that i have a speech impediment and i can't pronounce the letter R, and that i just got off work so i can't be drunk yet. then he changed his mind and started ringing me up again, but i couldn't help myself and muttered something like "this is fucking nuts." he asked what i said so i said it again, and then he changed his mind again and wouldn't ring me up. 

i had to go across town to get my beer and am drinking pretty heavily now. i only wanted a couple beers but now i'm getting shitfaced because i don't want to face that i'm always going to sound like a fucking cartoon character. 




 just curious, what would be a good price for it? 




 I want that bike for my first bike too but craigslist isn't helping me out. Where did you get it? 




 thanks, that clears things up. i'm thinking a supermoto would be a better first bike then. but which would be better suited for a really tall person? 









 didnt mean to sound like a dick my bad 




 if it's the one off of the highway by Outback steakhouse then make your employees wear some fucking hair nets. shits disgusting 




 i'm confused. you talk about having money problems but you have a shrink. doesn't make sense man 




 i work overnight shifts and so i usually buy most my alcohol around 6 or 7am. i always get weird looks 




 what are the main things to look at when buying my first (used) bike? 




 what does the MSF course consist of? i'm looking to take it sometime next month and don't want to go in with no information beforehand 




 i'm glad those people weren't redditors or they would have kidnapped the fox cub 




 new rider here, is there an exact speed that i should from counter-steering to steering normally? i mean if i'm certain to crash, should i steer normally or counter-steer at.. 11, 12, 13mph? 




 i got to watch the finale for the time twice because i was blackout drunk 




 at what speed to you go from steering normally to counter steering? i mean if i was lane splitting at 10mph and can't make any mistake, should i steer normally to get into a lane or counter steer? 20mph? 

i assume counter steering at higher speeds comes naturally once i take my test, so i guess that's my only question. but i'm still curious of the balance between counter steering and leaning 




 i want a tortoise so he can play peek a boo with my cat 




 egg cartons 
























