 In reality, Obama tried desperately to extend America's presence in Iraq.  Fortunately for them and us, the Iraqis politely declined. 




 The first neocon? 




 Meanwhile, at least 18 police officers and civilians were killed in attacks in Afghanistan on Tuesday in a spate of violence that coincided with the start of the traditional fighting season there. 




 John Kerry, [wind surfer](http://obamapacman.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/John-Kerry-Wind-Surfing-539w.jpg) 




 Yes 




 Great comment.  Thanks. 




 All they care about, in the end, is the war itself -- or rather, war itself. Wherever they find incipient conflict, they are eager to exacerbate it, sustain it -- and feed upon it...Almost invariably, the policies adopted by the imperial managers (of both parties) make the conflicts worse, fomenting extremist resistance and ever-more violent repression: a deadly cycle that benefits no one -- except the "masters of war." 




 http://www.surveybuilder.com/s/IabMHlf1oAA 




 Here's the survey where you can do just that: http://www.surveybuilder.com/s/IabMHlf1oAA 




 That's claimed by one of the villagers in the video report. 




 Me too.  Now I just get an onslaught of downvotes. 




 Do you think they'll endorse Ron Paul now? 




 He has, however, taken comfort in their movement toward his point of view on the war in Afghanistan. Mr. Gingrich has recently suggested pulling out of Afghanistan, and Mr. Santorum has said one option would be withdrawing faster than the Obama administrations 2014 timeline.

They know what the politics of it is, Mr. Paul says. **Thats what disgusts me. Why dont they take a stand and save some lives?** 




 Running for president demands enormous focus and energy. But it also requires level-headedness and personal maturity. Voters may be angry, but they prefer their presidents to be calm and professional.On this front, Santorum falls short and risks leaving a bad taste in voters mouths. If he cant pull it together and clean up his language, hes better off getting out sooner rather than later.  




 This is where I come to do fucked-up things, Givens said. So I dont do them at home. 




 The time has come to challenge the military at the level of its reason for being. The time has come to add up its suicides, its war crimes and the rest of its horrific legacy. How long can it survive and honest accounting? 




 "We are optimistic that a similar resolution can be found soon regarding the gradual transfer of the lead for **night raids** to Afghan forces. Already, Afghans increasingly lead these operations. **The success rate is overwhelming, and in most cases no shots are fired."** 




 "I keep hearing the president [Obama] say that he's responsible for keeping America from going into a Great Depression," Romney said. "No, no, no. That was President George W. Bush and [then Treasury Secretary] Hank Paulson that stepped in and kept that from happening." 




 The sad fact is that Bradley Manning is more likely to face the death penalty than Robert Bales. 




 "The Americans told the villagers, 'A bomb exploded on our vehicle. ... We will get revenge for this incident by killing at least 20 of your people,'" Rasool said. "These are the reasons why we say they took their revenge by killing women and children in the villages."

Mohammad said a U.S. soldier, speaking through a translator, then said: "I know you are all involved and you support the insurgents. So now, you will pay for it  you and your children will pay for this.'" 




 This campaign has been long, the general acknowledged. It has been difficult, and it has been costly. There have have been setbacks, to be sure. Were experiencing them now and there will be more setbacks ahead.

But, he said, I am confident that we will prevail in this endeavor.
 




 Staff Sergeant Bales and any other US soldier involved in the killing spree in Kandahar must be held accountable for his crimes. That being said, the far greater criminals are those in the Bush and Obama administrations who sent them to kill and die in wars based on lies. 




 Another reason for Pauls weakness is his anti-interventionist foreign-policy views. The one thing that has hurt him some has been his position relative to Iran, former Nevada governor Bob List tells National Review Online. I think thats been a big factor in why he hasnt done better out here. 




 Bales, if he committed the actions which he is accused of perpetrating on March 11, is a war criminal who deserves trial and punishment. But the more important war criminals are those in the White House, the Pentagon, the CIA and throughout the US political establishment who are responsible for more than ten years of war in Afghanistan, and who are plotting new wars in Syria, Iran and elsewhere. 




 I kind of sympathize for him, being gone, being sent over there four times, said Beau Britt, who lives across the street. I can understand hes probably quite wracked mentally, so I just hope that things are justified in court. I hope it goes OK. 




 Check out the photo they used. 




  The villages are one and a half kilometre from the American military base. We are convinced that one soldier cannot kill so many people in two villages within one hour at the same time, and the 16 civilians, most of them children and women, have been killed by the two groups. 




 In another event that calls into serious question the Pentagons unfailingly positive view of US progress in Afghanistan, the US military was compelled to acknowledge that it had significantly underestimated the seriousness of an incident that took place Wednesday, when a man drove a truck onto the runway at the Camp Bastion airport in Helmand, just as the plane bringing Defense Secretary Panetta was arriving there.
 
**It has since emerged that the individual driving the truck, which had been stolen from an Afghan soldier, was an Afghan interpreter working for the US-led occupation**. He died on Thursday from severe burns suffered when he apparently tried to ignite the vehicle. **Pentagon officials admitted Thursday that the interpreter was trying to run down a group of US Marines assigned to meet the aircraft.**
 
The incident underscored both the lack of security in an area supposedly secured by the US surge, as well as the continuing proliferation of so-called green-on-blue violence, the term used by the US military to describe attacks against it by Afghan security forces that are supposedly its allies. 




 A lot of people in this area support the Taliban because they see women and children get killed, he said. 




 That's just not true. 




 The shooting echoed through the silent night, and was without a doubt heard by the U.S. soldiers at the camp, Mohammed said. 




 His real name is Randall Paul.  He was not named after Ayn Rand. 




 How does that relate to a story about a political rally?  Please explain. 




 I think you posted your comment to the wrong story. 




 "I asked the elders here, why no demonstrations, no outcry? They say they are silent because they want to deliberate their moves, they want to decide. And once they decide, there will be no army, no force that can stop them." 




 When the Americans first came, it was people like me who welcomed them, said Abdul Jabar, 28, a truck driver from Kandahar. Now they are killing our women and children. 




 "Rare" abuses, "decade of progress"? 




 Outrageous statements begin around 5:08 of the video. 




 There's something kinda scary about that headline. 




 "We have to reassess the entire region," Gingrich said. "We need to understand that our being in the middle of countries like Afghanistan is probably counterproductive." 




 American forces have been in and out of Mali for several years now, as they have been in other Sahel countries, primarily to help the small army -- the Mali Defense Force numbers 7,000 men and a few women -- develop a counter-terrorism capability, to the extent possible in cooperation with its neighbors. 




 These people are our allies. They want many of the same things we do. They have expanded the boundaries of what everyone thought was possible in Syria. They have earned our respect, and now they need our support to finish what they started. The Syrian people deserve to succeed, and shame on us if we fail to help them. 




 "We cant afford to wait much longer, and we certainly cant afford to wait through four more years of an Obama administration. By then it will be far too late. If the Iranians are permitted to get the bomb, the consequences will be as uncontrollable as they are horrendous." 




 Should we take bets on who wrote this editorial for Romney? 




 "Due process and judicial process are not one and the same, particularly when it comes to national security.  The Constitution guarantees due process, not judicial process," the attorney general said. 




 "**In this hour of danger, we simply cannot afford to wait until deadly plans are carried out, and we will not**," he said in remarks prepared for a speech at Northwestern University's law school in Chicago.

Sounds a little like George W. Bush or Condi Rice, don't ya think? 




 None of this is to say that an attack should be ruled out. 




 The workers and two Afghan officers rescued 216 books, including 48 Qurans, from being burned, Dad said. **They were shouting and pulling the books from the burn pit, preventing the U.S. troops from throwing the remaining four cartons of books into the fire**, he said. 




 Feel free to do so.  I will upvote you every time. 




 I have just returned from Israel, where I spent 10 days and had the opportunity to visit with people from the prime minister to street market vendors... 




 The Romney campaign, however, says this is different.
 
**Every state budget in the country is dependent on federal funding**, and every governor in the country makes requests for funding, but governors do not get to decide how Congress appropriates money, said Romney spokesman Andrea Saul.
 




 BTW, Ron Paul has [gained 2 points](http://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/archive/election_2012_archive/february_2012/national_gop_romney_40_santorum_24_gingrich_16_paul_12) in the [last two weeks](http://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/archive/election_2012_archive/february_2012/national_gop_santorum_39_romney_27_gingrich_15_paul_10). 




 The Army is offering a $10,000 reward for tips leading to the recovery of the stolen items, which the Army valued at $344,000. 




 He's still for killing Muslims, but at least he realizes that it's now a pointless exercise in Afghanistan. 




 And how has it affected supply? Not much. More than 22 years after the biggest cocaine bust in history, the biggest change along the front lines of the U.S. drug war may simply be the accents of the traffickers. 




 "People are not taking into account what can happen to those who are growing it. There are homes with mold and water damage in the hundreds of thousands and there are children in there too. 




 Napolitano also expressed confidence that notorious Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, who escaped from prison in 2001, would be recaptured eventually.  

"Let me just say, it took us ten years to find Osama Bin laden. We found him, **and you know what happened there..."** 




 FYI, the quote is from Bob Woodward's *The Commanders.* 




 A $500 million upgrade has begun to fill in the extra acreage. 




 Check out the pic of the pope. 




 According to three Afghan security officials familiar with the case, the main suspect was Abdul Saboor, who was said to have worked in the ministry for more than a year as a driver. The two American officers who were killed were shot in the head and the pistol used to kill them was **equipped with a silencer**, the officials said.

Afghan officials said that Mr. Saboor was at large, apparently **able to leave the ministry without complication after the shooting**. That suggested to some observers that he may have had help in the attack. 




 Photo: http://newsok.com/photo/pid/1650392 




 Whether they had indifference or feelings from the past, there were no problems with the local population or with Montenegrin officers and soldiers, he said. From the minute weve landed here until today, the relationship building, the team building has been great. 




 If he was really concerned about the safety and welfare of the troops, it seems like it w/b easier just to bring them home. 




 "I was ready to shed my blood and kill them or be killed," Jamil told Reuters, sitting in a heavy winter jacket, a checked scarf tied tight around his neck. 




 "We Afghans don't want these Christians and infidels, they are the enemy of our soil, our honor and our Koran," said Haji Shirin, one of the protesters.

"I urge all Muslims to sacrifice themselves in order to pull out these troops from this soil."
 




 Sounds like a winning message to take into the 2012 election. /s 




 Saturdays caucuses in Hancock opened at 10 a.m. with prayer and the pledge of allegiance and featured speakers in support of Newt Gingrich, Ron Paul and Mitt Romney. **When the microphone was offered to a supporter of Rick Santorum, no one came forward.** 




 Begins at around 9:20 of the video. 




 Starts about 9:20 of the video. 




 Begins around 9:25 in the video. 




 Unlike a vast majority of those running for office, [Santorum] is totally OK with going there, penis-in-various-holes-wise. I suspect that it's his apparent comfort with explicitly raising the idea of sex, as much as his out-of-kilter views on it, that rankles all but the most extreme social conservatives. To go from the hypothetical legalization of homosexual marriage to bestiality, you have to have at least given passing thought to the physical act of gay sex.  




 I cant believe in 2012 the federal government is raiding Amish farmers at gunpoint all over a basic human right to eat natural food, said one of them, who asked not to be named but received weekly shipments of eggs, milk, honey and butter from Rainbow Acres, a farm near Lancaster, Pa. In Maryland, they force taxpayers to pay for abortions, but God forbid we want the same milk our grandparents drank. 




 Is this a trial balloon from the Rick Santorum campaign? 




 They've done such a good job in Iraq and Afghanistan that I don't see any reason why they couldn't handle the transition to solar energy. 




 The new concepts would leave a projected 12,000 Special Operations Forces deployed around the world; some on call for striking terrorist targets or rescuing hostages, and others deployed on training and liaison assignments and to gather information. 




 From the comments section: The analysis of Mr. Mallon is good, except in regards to his comments on Ron Paul's foreign policy. Endless war and the gold standard don't get along very well. There is no way that this country can ever return to fiscal solvency as long as we have the oversears empire. For 100 years the USA has tried to be the policeman of the world. The Federal Reserve and our endless over seas entanglements started with Woodrow Wilson. It is time to drive a stake through the heart of Wilsonianism. End the Fed. Bring the troops home. Concentrate on this country and let the world run itself. Wars always lead to high inflation and high taxes. Greenspan and Bernanke though that they could get us through these wars without either. Well we see how that turned out. 




 Value Added Tax 




 Will sounds like RP: "Do Republicans think it is premature to withdraw as many as 7,000 troops from Europe two decades after the Soviet Unions death? About 73,000 will remain, most of them in prosperous, pacific, largely unarmed and utterly unthreatened Germany. Why do so many remain?" 




 The Democratic Party owes a sincere apology to George Bush, Dick Cheney and company for enthusiastically embracing many of the very Terrorism policies which caused them to hurl such vehement invective at the GOP for all those years. 




 Other countries have developed drone technology, and if they follow U.S. precedent, they could start targeting their own enemies across any border they like, including our own. 




 Too bad he didn't do that with Libya, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq, Yemen, Somalia and the Philippines. 




 Additionally, the office is working to arm the drone with the Advance Precision Kill Weapon System... 




 The former Communist political and military commander for the whole of southern Afghanistan, General Nur al-Haq Ulumi, told me that the Communist Party in the 1980s had 200,000 members as core supporters. **I doubt if there are more than 40 people really loyal to Karzai**, he added. He does not even have the full support of his own cabinet. 




 Additionally, the office is working to arm the drone with the Advance **Precision Kill Weapon System**, a capability requested by 5th Fleet and U.S. Central Command. Smith said the drones aboard Simpson will not be armed during the deployment. 




 'Obama's War' was initially used by PBS, not me.  These civilian deaths are the result of [Obama's Afghan surge beginning in 2009](http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2009/12/01/politics/main5846260.shtml).  Had he ended the war rather than escalated it, these civilians would be alive and well. 




 What a shock... 




 The Ron Paul people, the Tea Party and the conservative movement are to Mitt Romney and the country-club wing of the Republican establishment what laid-off workers were to Mitt Romney and Bain Capital. You are property, to be used when you can be helpful, to be humored and condescended to when you become nervous, to be discarded when you are no longer useful, and to be crushed by big money if you show integrity to conviction policies which they deplore behind your backs. 




 USA! USA! USA? 




 Meanwhile...[Rick Santorum spoke to a group of about 300 people at the Lone Tree Golf Club](http://www.850koa.com/cc-common/news/sections/newsarticle.html?feed=124975 article=9675858). 




 Earlier in the day the Congressman spoke to a crowd of 1,100 at C-S-U in Fort Collins.  The crowd in Denver appeared to be just as big. 




 I'm just using common sense based upon what the "all options are on the table" phrase has meant in the past. 




 That's what that phrase means.  Obama is threatening to drop nuclear bombs on Iran to prevent them from acquiring a nuclear weapon which they're not developing. 




 FYI: "All options are on the table" = I'm willing to drop nuclear bombs on civilians to achieve my political objectives. 




 And he said he did not understand how U.S. President Barack Obama is able to characterize Iraq as a free, stable and democratic country.
 
"What sort of Iraq we are talking about?" he asked. "How the Americans will feel proud? How the American administration is going to justify to the taxpayer the billion of dollars that has been spent and at the end of the day the American saying, 'Sorry, we have no leverage even to put things in order in Iraq'?"
 




 Note the correction at the bottom of the article:

He opposes the Stop Online Piracy Act, not the Stop Online Privacy Act. 




 Check out the war/troops category. 




 "It's not about Ron Paul," McGrady says. "We don't think Ron Paul is infallible. It's the message. He's the only guy saying anything that anyone believes." 




 Only Ron Paul has confidence that capitalism will prevail. That should tell you all you need to know about the people running for president in the Republican Party these days. 




 Then you're not a libertarian. 




 Great point. 




 What a fucking outrage. 




 It's been confirmed that the six dead were U.S. Marines. 




 Newt wants to be our ages Disraeli; he is in fact its Eddie Haskell. 




 We're continuing to see **unacceptable levels of violence** inside that country, and so we will continue to consult very closely with Jordan to create the kind of international pressure and environment that encourages the current Syrian regime to step aside, Obama stated.

This from a guy that murders his fellow citizens. 




 I voted for Rick Perry. 




 See nixons-dog's comment below. 




 You and I may not agree with them  I do, mostly, **up to the part about allowing Iran to bomb Israel**

I wouldn't expect anything less from a writer for this rag.  How pathetic. 




 I agree. 




 Read this [article by Arthur Silber](http://powerofnarrative.blogspot.com/2012/01/varieties-of-pissing.html). He cuts to the core of the argument that the corpse pissing is trivial compared to the greater war crime being perpetrated by the American empire. 




 For the rest of us in the liberal-minded citizenry, we would do well to recall that wars are initiated and sustained by leaders and governments, and by the powerful interests and passions that back them.
 
To vent frustration for this situation by easy condemnation of some young enlisted marines is a bit like pissing on corpses.
 




 Great point. 




 A report on CNN contradicts the description of RP's house as a mansion: http://cnn.com/video/data/2.0/video/politics/2012/01/13/jk-candidates-homes-kate-bolduan.cnn.html 




 Another great reason to vote for Ron Paul. 




 In a statement, **Romney called Bolton a staunch defender of US interests and values**, and said he would be consulting with him on foreign policy. Johns wisdom, clarity, and courage are qualities that should typify our foreign policy, Romney said. 




 Here's the full video: http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=ddb_1326259280 




 Didn't see that.  Was x-posting from Lew Rockwell. 




 Great video attached to story. 




 Video at bottom of piece is worth watching. 




 Cognitive **dissonance** 




 Today, Guantanamo holds 171 prisoners and it's an odd mix. Thirty-six await trial on war crimes charges, including the alleged mastermind of the Sept. 11 attacks. There are 46 in indefinite detention as men the U.S. considers dangerous **but who cannot be charged for lack of evidence** or other reasons. 




 Yes, Obama the man who started a war in Libya without seeking approval from Congress has no ability to close a prison located at a U.S. military base. 




 Mr. Santorum then backed a move to have the state legislature provide the money. The outcome was that a provision tucked in a innocuous-sounding housekeeping bill **committed the state to lend the money in effect to the owners of the two teams, with an informal understanding it would not be paid back.** It wasnt and still hasnt been... 




 But I thought The Surge worked, right? 




 Sponsored by The Emergency Committee For Israel 




 Here single also went from [#32 to #20](http://www.billboard.com/#/charts/hot-100?begin=11 order=position). 




 Starts at about 27:21 of the video. 




 According to Santorum, the Israelis have a right to build settlements in the West Bank because the West Bank is ground "gained during war" following "an aggressive attack." 




 Why do you think your rivals label you as a fringe candidate?

They are incapable of shifting their opinions. They have been locked into economic planning. They have been locked into not worrying about privacy of individuals. Theyve been locked into foreign entanglements, and they cant really psychologically back away. 




 Paul was called back for something of an encore. 




 Why isn't this labeled as an opinion piece?

Paul is just unelectable. A Paul win could make the GOP Iowa electorate seem so out of step with the rest of the nation that is would raise the question of their future role in choosing presidential nominees. 




 This is where Richard Cohen is coming from:

"The intervention in Libya, a NATO operation but an American enterprise, succeeded. So did the ones in Bosnia and Kosovo. The Libyan bombings will not bring democracy to that country, but they knocked out Moammar Gaddafi, and that aint a bad days work." 




 **Hes very lenient on legalizing marijuana and drugs,** Al TeSlaa, a soybean, corn and cattle farmer from the small northwestern town of Rock Rapids, said when asked about Paul. **I dont know what hes thinking and why people are falling for that; if its the young people that are falling for that, that are thinking, Oh, man, legalizing marijuana and all drugs or whatever; oh man, were going to have a nice world. ** 




 More than 60 people crowded into the shop's new Main Street location to hear Santorum speak. 




 Note the poll in the right column:  Who will win the Iowa Republican caucus?  




 Watched it.  Thanks for the recommendation. 




 New York Rep. Jack Kemp, also campaigning in South Carolina, said the United States should not rule out military force in removing Noriega because he "represents a threat to the Panama Canal." 




 I guess it's his [Muskie moment](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cm5bxCoTEkc feature=related). 




 Well, then I guess the matter's closed. 




 How do they determine if someone is a "sympathizer?" 




 Todays Republican Party is dominated by Christian conservatives (44 percent of participants in the 2008 primaries identified themselves as evangelicals) and neoconservatives, who are united in their commitment to an unwavering alliance between the United States and Israel, confrontation with Iran, and a significant American presence in the Middle East. Pauls warnings about blowback directly threaten this consensus. 




 Obama won the Iowa caucuses. 




 Ron Paul is the perfect candidate for the bigots in this country. He is not like the racists who paraded in white sheets or the David Dukes who stated their allegiance to the ideas of Hitler. 




 For those who think we can sit around using drugs legally singing kumbaya, have a weak national defense throwing Israel under the bus and no government to protect its citizens Ron Paul is their candidate. 




 Never mind Paul being the favored candidate of the lunatic fringe (see white supremacists, anti-Semites, truthers, etc.). 




 **The Paul candidacy is of course doomed.** But the Paul vote won't die. This vote has been building in the depths of the American political ocean since the spending spree of the second Bush term.  




 Here is the money quote from Chuck Todd: Look, this is a game of where does Mitt Romey finish and where does Newt Gingrich, or maybe even an upset, a Rick Perry finish.  If any of those guys finish above Mitt Romney that are not named Ron Paul, that person will be, the quote, the winner out of here regardless of whether Ron Paul is the actual winner.

I hope somebody does a video w/ all of these statements about the caucuses essentially being meaningless if RP wins.  That could be very inspirational on the day before the voting. 




 Todd also states that RP has no appeal to economic conservatives. 




 RP comments begin at about 5:24. 




 On Tuesday, a delivery van carrying the document was blocked by about 200 protesters, forcing the vehicle to turn back. 




 Not according to [Breitbart](http://www.breitbart.tv/paul-hamas-was-started-by-israel/). 




 I guess to be a "decent American" I have to support torture, indefinite detention and aggressive wars.  Wow. 




 Does she even know who Ron Paul is? 




 Even his own supporters don't view him as having the best chance to beat Barack Obama.

Huh? I believe most RP supporters think he's the only one who can beat Obama. 




 RP's response: If they want to endorse me, theyre endorsing what I do or say  it has nothing to do with endorsing what they say, said Mr. Paul, who is now running strong in Iowa for the Republican nomination. 




 I hate to post this crap, but it's out there and everyone should be aware of it. 




 Yes. 




 Yes, b/c he could end it. 




 It's still creepy. 




 I just think it's kinda creepy to have the U.S. military tracking Santa. 




 [More Details](http://tdn.com/news/local/u-s-army-specialist-from-longview-killed-in-afghanistan/article_d9c6a87c-2d02-11e1-aa42-001871e3ce6c.html): A female Mark Morris High School graduate was shot and killed Wednesday in a guard tower in Afghanistan, according to the soldier's stepmother. U.S. Army Specialist Mikayla Anne Bragg is Cowlitz County's first casualty in a combat zone since the Vietnam War, according to Daily News archives. 




 There are no attempts at pandering to Iowa, no slaps at his GOP rivals or even President Obama. The lack of partisanship in Pauls speeches might help explain the broad and diverse coalition hes cobbling together here. 




 Watch the video. 




 Here are the stories from The Weekly Standard and HotAir:

Weekly Standard: http://www.weeklystandard.com/blogs/ron-paul-runs-defense-falls-apart_614657.html

HotAir:  http://hotair.com/archives/2011/12/22/paul-in-1995-say-have-you-read-my-newsletters/

In my view, the more people that watch the video the better.  My guess is that it will create more RP voters, not lose them. 




 How about this sentence from the article: "There is, of course, the matter of his past racism. And that raises the possibility that his opposition to social spending is motivated by racial resentment." 




 What exactly do Republicans stand for? Aggressive war, torture, Gitmo, big govt statism?  Why wouldn't Ron Paul, or any other rational person, be against that? 




 RP's Response: I dont have any specific response  People have challenged me on that all along and they should because it challenges people. I think the conventional wisdom of Washington is quite different than the conventional wisdom of the people, Paul said. I happen to think thats one of the reasons that Im rising in the polls, because the American people are tired of the wars and theyre tired of spending that money, so I think its a big positive political issue. 




 and national Republicans wouldn't think he represents the will of voters."

So if he gets the most votes, that wouldn't represent the "will of the voters?" 




 Drones are joysticked, not flown. 




 Disclosure foes argue that the need for secrecy is unquestioned in conventional wars. In World War II, they were killing people all over the place, with lots and lots of mis-hits, one official said. The civil liberties community wasnt saying we want to see targeting lists of what youre hitting. **George Washington did not turn over his targeting list of the British**. 




 There will be no Arab-style revolution. You can see that Kazakhstan is calm, he told Reuters by telephone. Kazakhstans entire multi-national population supports the head of state.  




 Yes, because as you know, I love socialism. 




 And those who collaborated with the Americans are also at risk of being targeted by the remnants of the Sunni al-Qaeda fighters, who have been systematically pursuing those who turned against them. Now that he has been stripped of the security that came with his position, Dulaimi said, I might be assassinated by terrorists at any time. He added, Who is going to protect me? 




 Obama is a warmonger.  Ron Paul is for peace.  How is Ron Paul "Obama on steroids?" 




 You cant make nice with the mullahs. They hate us, they hate everything about America. **They hate our lifestyle, they hate our faith.** They dislike us to the point that they would use a nuclear device first to wipe Israel off the face of the earth and **they consider Israel to be the little Satan, they consider us to be the big Satan.** 




 "Last night's debate likely halted his rise," said Tim Albrecht, communications director for Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad. "It remains to be seen if he'll slip, however, as his supporters remain the most stable and steadfast in terms of their support of Ron Paul."

I think this is wishful thinking on the GOP establishment's part. 




 So we have Mark Levin, Bill Bennett, Limbaugh, Hannity, Jeffrey Lord, Max Boot, Giuliani, Bill O'Reilly, Dick Morris, Nat'l Review, Commentary, Washington Examiner, and now Kimbery Strassel of the WSJ all launching similar attacks on RP w/in a 24-hour period.  How could this not be a coordinated attack? 




 Sadjadpour said some White House officials question whether **Iran is trying to provoke an Israeli strike** in order to rally support at home and abroad. 




 FDR's the dude who put [Mr. Sulu in a concentration camp](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUrpIFp7EMA), right? 




 What's a money ball? 




 According to Mr. Frum, apparently Ron Paul is pro-slavery:

Theres much to dislike about Ron Pauls politics, and I dislike every bit of it. (Its maybe remote from current concerns, but at a minimum, **I have no patience for a professed libertarian who openly prefers the slaveholding cause in the U.S. Civil War.**) 




 **Iraqi civilians were being killed all the time.** Maj. Gen. Steve Johnson, the commander of American forces in Anbar, in his own testimony, described it as **a cost of doing business.** 




 I think a proper follow-up question from Greta might be: Why do you think Ron Paul couldn't beat Obama? 




 There's another new NH poll that totally contradicts this poll: http://americanresearchgroup.com/pres2012/primary/rep/nh/ 




 The war that began with the bang of shock and awe ended with the whimper of withdrawal with few of the issues solved. Many Americans are saying "good", while most Iraqis are saying good riddance. 




 This has to be a coordinated attack.  Hannity plays the racist newsletter card and then Bennett follows up with the 9/11 conspiracy lie used by Nat'l Review yesterday. 




 "We haven't gained anything from the country. They destroyed the country and now they are leaving." 




 [We're still there](http://www.stripes.com/news/u-s-pursuing-legal-protections-for-contractors-still-in-iraq-1.163465), so your point is he lied? 




 This piece is actually pretty good w/ the exception of Max Boot and one of the callers calling RP a racist. 




 At a defense contracting company here this morning, Mr. Ginrich was asked by reporters about the events. **I have a very consistent record of opposing tax increases, and I dont think that people should break their word to raise taxes**, he said 




 No, not really. 




 Gingrich spoke at a crowded town hall at Insight Technologies, **a weapons maker** in Londonderry. 




 [Here are some gems of wisdom from the author in a blog post](http://hnn.us/node/139495): "These voters believe not only that unbridled capitalism will fix the debt/ deficit crisis, create jobs, and protect American freedoms, it will also fix our schools and hospitals, too. They believe the government should "get out of the way," deregulate the marketplace, slash taxes and spending, and let independent market forces do their job." 




 Paul presents himself as a man of principle and as an intellectual devoted to liberty, and his legions of fans love him for it. **While his personal integrity is beyond reproach, his intellectual views on liberty are pretty amateur.** He writes books on liberty, but they are little more than trite panegyrics to the nature of freedom, which he defines simply as the absence of government. 




 Of course the obligatory:

Nobody thinks Paul is going to win the Republican nomination. His antiwar, anti-interventionist views on foreign policy put him well out of the Republican mainstream. Some of his libertarian views  on the legalization of drugs, for example  led him into embarrassing statements in an early debate. 




 In recent days, the Republican presidential hopefuls have gone out of their way to express support for Israel. **The one exception has been Ron Paul**, who says he would zero out all US foreign aid, including Israels. 




 I'm trying to stir up anti-war sentiment.  It doesn't have much to do w/ Obama per se. 




 I wasn't implying that Obama was the first to take part in illegal interventions.  That goes back to at least the War of 1812, if not before. 




 The escalations in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen, Somalia and Uganda. 
























 I was being sarcastic. 




 Well, he just got my vote. /s 




 The VA estimates that an average of 18 veterans per day commit suicide, or 1 out of 5 suicides in the U.S. 




 A one-day attack on US soil eleven years ago unleashed a never-ending campaign of violence around the world from the target and its allies. Is it really a challenge to understand that continuous bombings and civilian-killing assaults over many years, in many Muslim countries, will generate the same desire for aggression and vengeance against the US?

Why can't *YOU* understand this? 




 If Obama is really the peace president

When was Obama ever a "peace president?" 




 Here's the headline and story.  You be the judge: [Romney Says Remarks on Voters Help Clarify Position - Mr. Romney said he stands by comments that he said demonstrates his belief in the power of free enterprise rather than a growing reliance on largess from the federal treasury.](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/09/19/us/politics/in-leaked-video-romney-says-middle-east-peace-process-likely-to-remain-unsolved-problem.html?_r=0) 




 I posted a story at r/politics yesterday from the New York Times w/ a headline written by the NYT and they pulled it b/c they said it was "editorialized." 




 Because otherwise some people in the military-industrial complex will [lose their jobs](http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/capitalbusiness/defense-industry-is-reshaping-itself-in-a-multitude-of-ways/2012/09/19/736c31ac-fdc0-11e1-b153-218509a954e1_story.html?hpid=z3). 




 We wanted to attack Camp Phoenix to kill the Americans but were stopped by the Afghan police, and we had to attack the police, said protester Ajmal Hotak, a 26-year-old shopkeeper. 




 accepting "full responsibility for this tragedy."

Then I'm assuming that someone will be punished, right? 




 McDonald was sentenced in January to five years of probation and sex offender treatment after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor sex offenses. The charges stemmed from a relationship he had with a 15-year-old girl when he was 19. 




 If you're not aware, Gov. Hickenlooper made his fortune as a beer brewer and alcohol dealer. 




 Actually, I think the message is that adults s/b allowed to treat their bodies as they see fit w/out interference from the State. 




 [From the AP](http://www.stripes.com/news/africa/us-officials-attack-on-consulate-in-libya-may-have-been-planned-1.189017):  US officials say attack on consulate in Libya may have been planned 




 Huh?  I said the attacks were planned and used the movie to rile up the mob.  That's exactly what happened. 




 The whole article is worth a read to give you some insight into the mind of a neocon.  It's clear, he really believes his own rhetoric. 




 [From USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/news/world/story/2012/09/12/obama-tightens-security-after-diplomats-killed-in-libya/57752828/1): Days of planning and online promotion by hard-line Islamist leaders helped whip up the mobs that stormed the U.S. Embassy in Egypt and launched a deadly attack on the U.S. Embassy in Libya that killed an ambassador and three others. 




 Do you remember that we recently bombed Libya for months?  Do you think this may have had something to do w/ stirring up some angst against the U.S.?  Do you remember when Hillary Clinton said, "We came, we saw, he died" after CIA-backed rebels beat and sodomized Ghadaffi to death?  Also, did you happen to notice that the attacks fell on 09/11?  These were coordinated attacks against the American Empire that simply used this Muslim movie nonsense to rile up the mob. 




 I just noticed that this article was written by Ron Paul hater James Kirchick.  'Nuff said. 




 **The GOP bent over backwards to accommodate [Ron Paul] at its convention**, airing a 3-minute video tribute in honor of his career (something it did for no other primary contender), included a platform plank calling for an audit of the Federal Reserve (a Paul hobbyhorse), and offered him a speaking slot provided that he endorse Romney - hardly an unreasonable request considering that the event is, after all, a nominating convention.

WTF? 




 You are just dumb. 




 In the hierarchy of evil, consigning someone who has been convicted of nothing to a cage year after year after year, until they die, is high up on the list. And in that regard, this latest episode demonstrates not only the ongoing travesty of the US's war on terror policies, but also the dishonesty of the attempt to exonerate Obama for those policies. 




 ReneFonck is a well-known troll.  Don't feed him. 




 The United States is not at war with Afghanistan for humanitarian reasons.

It is there because Afghanistan borders Iran to the West and China to the East: two countries in the Pentagons sights. And it is there because Afghanistan is a transport route for oil from the stans of the former Soviet Union down to the Arabian Sea. 




 What's the difference? 




 Nice catch.  I didn't notice that. 




 Dempsey also met with Lt. Gen. Robert Caslen, head of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq, according to Dempsey's spokesman, Col. David Lapan. **That office is an arm of the U.S. Embassy and is responsible for facilitating Iraqi arms purchases and training the Iraqis how to use and maintain the weapons.** 




 1. Mitt Romney is much less qualified to be president than Ron Paul, who understands the Constitution and Bill of Rights. 




 The reason for the silence about such matters, and the reason commentary of this sort sparks such anger and hostility, is two-fold: first, the US likes to think of terror as something only "others" engage in, not itself, and more so; second, supporters of Barack Obama, the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize laureate, simply do not want to think about him as someone who orders attacks on those rescuing his victims or funeral attendees gathered to mourn them.

That, however, is precisely what he is, as this mountain of evidence conclusively establishes.
 




 I'm assuming "other items" is just a euphemism for hookers. 




 Faced with our undeniable momentum and his own failure, the enemy is increasingly forced to resort to spectacular attacks. I am confident that these recent attacks were carefully crafted to drive a wedge between us and our Afghan partners. This is a common theme in the latter stages of a counterinsurgency operation. We saw the same thing in Iraq after the balance had tipped in our favor." 




 If they had been successful, then yes, he would have claimed to have passed them all by himself. 




 I don't remember Sarah Palin weeping at her first campaign event. 




 In a June 2011 foreign policy speech, Ryan heralded so-called American Exceptionalism and criticized isolationism, argued that America is the greatest force for human freedom the world has ever seen, leaving out the fact that the US props up dictatorships all around the world and engages in near constant aggression and violence. 




 "[Herbert Hoover] made some big mistakes AFTER the Great Depression..."

"This bill offends my principles, but I'm going to vote for this bill in order to preserve my principles..." 




 "I want to get on my airplane..." 




 "Herbert Hoover made some big mistakes AFTER the Great Depression..."

What a f*cking idiot.
 




 Here's some more info on the CSM: http://news.yahoo.com/senior-u-soldier-killed-suicide-bomber-afghanistan-121800898--abc-news-topstories.html 




 Do you really think it is consistent to say that an industry is privatized when it is "controlled by the federal government?" 




 Your entire comment is nonsensical and uninformed. 




 The trend of privatizing every aspect of American life

This is complete fantasy.  The trend is exactly the opposite (see healthcare, auto industry, mortgage industry, etc.). 




 What are you talking about?  We were about to go to war with the USSR in August of 1945? 




 If nuclear holocaust inflicted upon innocent civilians for the purpose of securing a diplomatic result is not terrorism, then there is no such thing. 




 because I think **we can all agree** that entering WWII and attempting to finish WWII (at whatever cost) was just.

Sorry, there was nothing "just" about WWII (or any other war for that matter).

 




 Whatever else is true, its impossible to evade the fact that Endless War will inevitably degrade the citizenry of the country that engages in it. A country which venerates its military above all other institutions, which demands that its soldiers be spoken of only with religious-like worship, and which continuously indoctrinates its population to believe that endless violence against numerous countries is necessary and just  all by instilling intense fear of the minorities who are the target of that endless violence  will be a country filled with citizens convinced of the virtues and nobility of aggression. 




 resulting in MILLIONS of deaths.

This statistic is a tall tale made up after the war to justify the use of the atomic bomb.  Do me a favor, and read [*The Decision To Use The Atomic Bomb*](http://www.amazon.com/The-Decision-Use-Atomic-Bomb/dp/067976285X/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1344430481 sr=8-1 keywords=the+decision+to+use+the+atomic+bomb) by historian Gal Alperovitz.  After doing so, you won't believe all of the lies you were taught in junior high. 




 Yes, of course.  And so should you. 




 You're justifying the mass murder of hundreds of thousands of civilians by citing Ken Burns?  I stand by my original assessment of your character. 




 US pullout

Huh? 




 Telepathy? 




 They're both equally lame. 




 And that makes it morally acceptable to incinerate 300,000 civilians. Wow, what a twisted moral code you must have. 




 If Hiroshima was such an important military target, why hadn't it already been leveled by conventional bombing? 




 Here are some releveant quotes from an [article](http://www.independent.co.uk/opinion/commentators/phil-strongman-hiroshima-is-a-war-crime-that-haunts-my-family-67-years-on-8008821.html) you should read:  General Eisenhower opposed it, "Japan was already defeated dropping the bomb was completely unnecessary." The Pacific Fleet commander Admiral Nimitz agreed: "The Japanese had, in fact, already sued for peace. The atomic bomb played no decisive part, from a purely military point of view, in their defeat." Admiral Leahy, President Truman's Chief of Staff, concurred: the atomic attacks were "of no material assistance in our war against Japan. The Japanese were already ready to surrender" 




 That's ridiculous. A statement like that tells me that you've never read anything about Hiroshima and are simply regurgitating the mythology you learned in 6th grade.  Hiroshima and Nagasaki were targeted largely b/c there were significant *civilian* populations and b/c they had not been destroyed already w/ conventional bombing.  Military considerations were of little or no importance in the targeting decisions. 




 They were war crimes.  Both of those bombing campaigns deliberately targeted civilians for destruction rather than military forces. 




 Between the two bombs, Harry Truman killed upwards of 300,000 civilians when the war was already won and Japan was attempting to surrender.  If you don't believe me, then see [these quotes](http://www.doug-long.com/quotes.htm) by U.S. military leaders. 




 It wasn't a war crime?  Please explain. 




 Mr. Romney says he wants to increase that to 15 per year, which, according to Congressional Budget Office estimates, would increase the annual budget to $33.5 billion a year, nearly doubling costs over the next 30 years to $1.005 trillion. 




 I wonder who in the CIA wrote this press release for the "rebels?" 




 Marion C. Blakey is president and CEO of the Aerospace Industries Association. 




 So this is supposed to make me so angry with Obama that I'll vote for Romney? 




 I've never claimed to be "patriotic" in the sense you mean: unquestioning support for every action our govt and military take. 




 Why don't you educate me rather than just throwing out a meaningless insult? 




 I'm a keen observer of what happens when a U.S. official, especially the former director of the CIA, issues an ultimatum of this kind.  Just ask Moammar Gadhafi. 




 It sounds to me like the CIA is getting ready to send in the drones. 




 Here's the full quote: "I would say if you want to be able to protect yourself and your family, you better get the hell out now."

So he's basically threatening to kill Assad and his family, right? 




 That's no my interpretion.  It's the intepretation of the [CBS News reporter](https://twitter.com/bkappCBS/status/229954334669017088/photo/1). 




 I wonder how many of Romney's 5 military-aged sons will volunteer to fight in his wars? 




 Takes one to know one... 




 The military has not tortured anyone legally, you are thinking about the CIA.

So, I guess you're saying the CIA is and has always been running Bagram Prison, Gitmo and Abu Ghraib where torture was routine? And, I don't think it was the CIA who tortured the Afghan taxi driver to death in the documentary *[Taxi To The Dark Side](http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/taxi-to-the-dark-side/)*.

President Roosevelt ordered the bombing of Japan

Actually, it was Truman, not the deceased Roosevelt, who ordered the destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.

Japan (who was far from defeated).

Then I guess you [disagree with Gen. Eisenhower](http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Dwight_D._Eisenhower) who said about Truman's decision to drop the bombs:  "I was against it on two counts. **First, the Japanese were ready to surrender**, and it wasn't necessary to hit them with that awful thing. Second, I hated to see our country be the first to use such a weapon."

[Admiral Leahy](http://www.doug-long.com/quotes.htm): "It is my opinion that the use of this barbarous weapon at Hiroshima and Nagasaki was of no material assistance in our war against Japan. **The Japanese were already defeated** and ready to surrender because of the effective sea blockade and the successful bombing with conventional weapons."

[Gen. MacArthur](http://www.doug-long.com/quotes.htm): [MacArthur] replied that he saw **no military justification for the dropping of the bomb**. The war might have ended weeks earlier, he said, if the United States had agreed, as it later did anyway, to the retention of the institution of the emperor."

hatred of the military

I hate pointless mass killing and destruction.  Unfortunately, the U.S. military is an eager participant in both of these activities.  The U.S. military does not protect freedom, it endangers it. If I'm wrong, tell me how I am more free today than I was prior to 9/11 or the Iraq War.
 




 Sorry, but the U.S. military does what most people would consider "abhorrent" things every day.  You routinely attack countries who do not threaten America nor ever could, you've killed literally millions of people in unnecessary foreign conflicts around the globe, you have tortured and continue to torture helpless individuals at secret prisons at the behest of the President, and, to top that off, you dropped city-destroying nuclear bombs on a nation that was already defeated in WWII.  Look at your real history, not the fanciful mythology you've been brainwashed with, and my guess is that a military acting on its own won't seem like such a far-fetched idea.  




 The military would not do it on their own

I guess you have more confidence in the benevolent intentions of our military than I do.  We'll just have to agree to disagree. 




 You do realize the military doesn't attack countries without direction from Obama, right?

You are aware that according to the U.S. Constitution only Congress can declare war, right?
 




 Yeah, right. 




 "It makes no sense to spend money to destroy a facility that you have spent money to build in the first place," said Daud Kalakani, another Afghan lawmaker. 




 Why don't you ask Indonesia or Ethiopia how well off they would be without the US military?

Huh?  I've never heard that our military saved Ethiopia and Indonesia.  You'll have to educate me on that one.

yes we do fight..we do it well.

This just isn't borne out by the facts.  The U.S. military hasn't won a war since WW2.  It lost in Iraq and will lose in Afghanistan.  There is a difference between sowing destruction and death and victory.

criticize the way those liberties are provided

Liberties are natural rights.  Govt doesn't provide liberty.  Govt can only reduce or destroy liberty.

Better men than you or I have died to give you liberty and while criticism is the duty of all in a democracy

U.S. military personnel do not die to preserve liberty or democracy and haven't since (arguably) the American Revolution.  In fact, their actions abroad only serve to reduce liberty and democracy at home (see the TSA and our pointless elections).   They die normally to preserve the financial interests of certain elite groups such as the oil industry or the military-industrial-Congressional complex.  If you don't believe me, then just read [*War is a Racket* by Smedley Butler](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_is_a_Racket).
 




 Then again who would save the world after the next disaster or stop some other country from falling apart. 

We *create* disasters (see Iraq, Pakistan, Somalia, Yemen, Afghanistan, etc.), we don't stop them.  The world w/b a much safer place were we to bring our military back to our shores and drastically reduce the size of our forces.

If we didn't have those bases half the world would've fallen apart because we couldn't get to them fast enough.

I don't know which countries you're referring to where we've prevented them from falling apart.  Iraq? Soviet Union? Yugoslavia? Sudan? Mali? Afghanistan? Pakistan? 




 we gave those countries back

We're still there.  They don't have their countries back.  [Ask the people of Okinawa.](http://www.stripes.com/news/protests-greet-arrival-of-controversial-ospreys-in-japan-1.183689)

if we wanted to rule and take over another country there is not 1 country out there who could stop us. 

Actually, Iraq just did exactly that and Afghanistan is in the process of doing so right now. 




 name one country that we have annexed or taken in the last 50 year.

We tried to annex Iraq (remember the 100s of bases George W. Bush wanted?) and we're trying to continue our "enduring presence" in Afghanistan.  We still occupy Guam, Puerto Rico, Hawaii, Japan, Germany, Italy, England, Djibouti and God knows how many other countries.

I have traveled extensively in many countries and have never seen any place where the presence of the U.S. military has had a positive effect.  Of course, nearly every country has benefited from American innovcation and technology, but this would have occured independently from American occupation and bombing.

places where American influence has a been such a good thing

This argument has been used by every imperial power in the last 150 years.  Ignore the trail of destruction, look, they now have basketball courts and flush toilets! Whatever "good" America may have done, is it really worth the piles of corpses we leave behind? 




 Perhaps you're not familiar with the Iraq War and its predecessors.  You may want to check the period from 1990 to the present day. 




 Do you ever think *you* may have been "brainwashed" by either the US govt, the US military or both?  When I read your post, it's almost as if you're describing yourself:

After so much of the same propaganda it becomes reality to them.

America is not some benevolent force spreading its goodness around the world.  The America of today is a brutal, violent imperial force that has sown a field of destruction and death around the globe for decades.  This is why they hate us. 




 Did you ever ask **why** those Saudis attacked the US?  Do you think it may have been b/c the US military had bases in their country and was using them to incessantly bomb Iraq?  Or, did they attack America b/c we have R rated movies and listen to Brittany Spears (i.e., 'They hate us for our freedom'), as George W. Bush postulated? 




 He killed a million people.  Is that one of the "bad breaks" you're referring to? 




 Check out the comment by "Keith_Vlasak". 




 I guess in a world where war means peace and freedom means slavery, then yes, George W. Bush is a "moral voice" who reflected the "decency" of most Americans. 




 Sorry for posting, but it's instructive to know how these people think. 




 supporting the Libyan rebels

My guess is that the U.S. pilots who bombed Libya and killed Libyans may be eligible for the award as well.  What do you think? 




 but as president he has to continue the business that is part of being the president 

You mean killing people who have never threatened our country nor ever could? 




 The Afghan Surge was ordered by Obama, not the Monster Bush.  The drone strikes in Pakistan have overwhelmingly been ordered by Obama, not the Monster Bush.  If you are unaware of this, please consult the Internet. 




 See, Obama says he's against massacring people, but one day after saying so, he kills more people than the Batman theater killer.  Get it? 




 Well, I guess this op-ed makes up for the million people he killed in Iraq. 




 Just wait until someone suddenly discovers that Al-Qaeda is using Namibia as a terrorist sanctuary.  




 At a dinner co-hosted by the governor and the congresswoman, Deputy Secretary Carter congratulated the people of Guam on the 68th anniversary of their Liberation Day.

I wonder if the people on Guam feel "liberated" w/ a giant U.S. military base dominating their island? 




 Didn't Rand just give up on his own father? 




 This is what he has to do to justify the horror he unleashed on the world.  What a pathetic, loathsome excuse for a man. 




 That'll definitely make me vote for Romney. /s 




 I thought we were fighting them over there so we didn't have to fight them here? 




 Paul on Tuesday agreed with that advice, saying Romneys tax returns have become too much of a distraction.

Its a shame. The important issue is [what] the two candidates seem to agree on. They dont really disagree with militarism overseas, they dont disagree with the Federal Reserve system and the bailouts, and they dont disagree on basically whether the role of federal government is wealth redistribution through welfare. So instead, theyre talking about tax returns and that to me is so disappointing, he said. Its all a charade, I think its all contrived to not have a debate. 




 Mitt Romneys father was placed in nomination for president in 1964 and 1968 despite having no chance to win either time. Romneys father refused to endorse the 1964 nominee before or after the convention. 




 Romney came to Aspen between resort fundraising stops in the Hamptons and Jackson Hole. 




 This isn't a base and it isn't for us.

Oh to be naive again... 




 They seem to be doing a pretty good job against every branch of the U.S. military. 




 Yes, I'm sure there will be no U.S. military personnel within the confines of the Afghan intelligence building. 




 Didn't we elect a new president a few years ago?  Or, is George W. Bush still president? 




 Read your own post.  Of us two, who exactly is the "mindless hater?" 




 Yes, I dislike the fact that our president kills innocent people virtually every day.  And so should you. 




 The ones who wanted to learn some basic economics, perhaps? 




 No Democratic lawmakers attended the hearing. 




 Jews do not get to give keynote speeches at Palestinian gatherings. White people do not get to lead NAACP dinners. White, male conservatives do not address attendees at the NOW gatherings. Big oil supporters are not welcomed with open arms at greeniac environmental conferences. 




 [Gen. Carter Hamm] said the U.S. is looking to provide assistance - "**certainly not a large military presence, probably no permanent military presence**" other than in the embassy mission. 




 I wonder how many military suicides there would be if Obama ended his wars... 




 Rand wants to eliminate tax "loopholes."  This is the equivalent of raising taxes and Ron Paul has said as much.

Rand wants more *govt* spending on infrastructure.  This is exactly what Obama advocated when rallying support for his $800 billion "stimulus" program.  And nowhere in the interview does Rand ever state that he wants to *decrease* govt spending of any kind.  Ron always brings up reducing spending, particularly overseas.

Rand wants to make sure the behemoth and unconstitutional govt programs Social Security and Medicare are around for another 75 years.  Whenever Ron is asked about these programs, he always states that we need to transition out of them, not keep them around for another century.

And BTW, no one likes a tattletale.

 




 One last thing is worth mentioning from the documents published today:  Anyone with any doubt that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is dangerous to the United States is contradicting U.S. intelligence. **Violence between Israelis and the Palestinians, moreover is making Sunni extremists more willing to participate in attacks against US or Israeli interests, the CIA wrote in February 2001**. It is not the only piece of information revealed by the new documents that will be deeply uncomfortable for the Bush administration and hawks across the country. 




 "These deaths are grim reminders that our Military...is still in active combat **in defense of our country**. We are privileged to have such heroes in our midst," [said Maj. Gen. Robert E. Livingston, Jr., the states Adjutant General.](http://springvalley.patch.com/articles/identity-of-second-columbia-guardsman-killed-in-afghanistan-released) 




 From the comments: "I think that being friendly toward Rand Paul and (to some degree) inviting him 'inside the tent' is absolutely the smartest thing Romney's advisers have done since Romney has become the presumptive nominee. **Kudos to** them for this, and to **Rand Paul for being a team player."** 




 But, The Surge worked?  Right? 




 From the story pic, looks like RP's going full-on tribal for the Tampa fest. 




 Great comment.  Thanks. 




 "There's every reason to believe that Assad will continue to escalate the violence, more massacres, more use of helicopters, and perhaps worse weapons after that," he said. 




 "You can find condoms in Haiti," Moscou said, "but many people can't afford them, and supplies run out. People now understand that you need to use them." 




 I agree.  It sounds like the Jack Hunter argument. 




 Whatever else is true, having the military held in such higher esteem than all other American institutions is an obviously dangerous state of affairs for a democracy.  




 So Ron Paul supporters are not "principled?"  This coming from a self-described "team player?" 




 Rands endorsement of GOP nominee Mitt Romney clearly shows that in spite of those who try to marginalize him, he has keen set of political instincts and is very much aware that a successful national run will require more than just his fathers loyal following, said one Republican strategist close to Paul-world.

Wanna bet this quote is from Jesse Benton? 




 Rand Paul in a single stroke has made credible all the things that his father's supporters suspected of him: He's a conservative politician first, someone who has gone into politics to serve his own interests. 




 "I think it would be devastating to the military-industrial complex," Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) said. "You'd lose thousands of high-skilled jobs and undermine our national security." 




 "I think it would be devastating to the military-industrial complex," Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) said. "You'd lose thousands of high-skilled jobs and undermine our national security." 




 "I think it would be devastating to the military-industrial complex," Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) said. "You'd lose thousands of high-skilled jobs and undermine our national security." 




 Why don't I let you handle those posts. 




 military assertiveness of China.

Where is this happening?  What countries has China invaded? 




 Watch the whole report for a good dose of imperial propaganda. 




 Somebody please explain this column to me. 




 Yep, the fix is in. 




 It's not. 




 How has spending billions on our military "prevented" or "won" wars?  We've been at war constantly since WWII and haven't won a single war since then either. 




 Yes, the deaths millions of people around the globe were definitely worth getting American women in the workplace.  Sorry, I forgot about that one. 




 You mean the war where Harry Truman dropped nuclear bombs to intentionally destroy entire cities and their civilian populations?  Yeah, Americans should be real proud of that atrocity.

I'm assuming you're joking about Kosovo so I won't address that one. 




 But people do take you seriously, right? 




 Name a good one. 




 This all has to do with a policy led by a president who does not believe in American exceptionalism, McCain said. 




 Any NATO airstrike that leads to civilian deaths erodes the Afghan people's trust in foreign forces.

Huh, really? 




 Here's the story of the [U.S. massacre](http://worldnews.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/05/27/11902353-afghan-family-including-six-children-killed-in-nato-air-strike?lite). 




 That is the imperial mind at work. Its premises are often embraced implicitly rather than knowingly: American lives are inherently more valuable; foreign lives are expendable in pursuit of American interests; the U.S. has the inalienable right to take action in other countries that nobody is allowed to take in the U.S.  




 It won't work. 




 2nd Lt. Travis A. Morgado, 25, of San Jose, Calif., died May 23 in Zharay, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained when insurgents attacked his patrol with an **[improvised explosive device.](http://www.defense.gov/releases/release.aspx?releaseid=15308)**  




 I'm glad you agree. 




 "Credit" for what?  Killing people? 




 The Museum of Modern Art in New York arranged for a public premiere in June 1946, but minutes before the show, two military policemen confiscated the print. 




 The Afghan army has been given billions of dollars worth of American training and weaponry over the past decade; yet we're told that only 1 percent of these forces are now capable of undertaking operations on their own. But the opponents of the occupation -- without these billions, without a bristling international military alliance behind them -- have somehow managed to wield a military force that grows more effective with each passing year. 




 Unsurprisingly, then, when I asked Paul supporters whether they would be voting for Romney this year, every single one of them said definitely not, and they insisted other Paul supporters they know wouldnt either. 




 7 "suspects", 8 civilians. 




 I wonder if any Afghans will be included in these negotiations. 




 Want another reason to vote against Mitt Romney?  Listen to the god-awful devil's music in the background. 




 I couldn't agree more. 




 "Our campaign is presently working to get several items up for consideration, including **monetary policy reform, prohibitions on indefinite detention, and Internet freedom**, Mr. Benton said.

How about ending the fucking wars, Jesse? 




 Why wasn't Jesse Benton fired months ago? 




 Another brilliant move by Jesse Benton.  Why didn't RP fire him months ago?  What a fucking amateur. 




 Best analysis so far from the Christian Science Monitor: **[Why Ron Paul's 2012 effort may not really be over](http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/DC-Decoder/Decoder-Wire/2012/0514/Why-Ron-Paul-s-2012-effort-may-not-really-be-over)** - The Ron Paul campaign won't run ads in upcoming primaries, but Paul is still out to make his mark at the GOP's August convention. That means getting supporters elected as delegates and even picking up some 'stealth' delegates. 




 Fair enough. 




 This story has other "useful information [and] anaylsis."  It should not be consolidated under the official campaign announcement. 




 I like how the writer had to add this hearsay to the story: 

Some attendees said they heard Paul supporters chanting outside that Mitt Romney is "the white Obama." 




 If opposition to gay marriage is the only thing that can unite the GOP base, then they are doomed. 




 Sciple's attorney, John Fitzgibbons, said Sciple volunteered for the Marine Corps after 9/11 and "came back a changed man because of his war injuries." 




 We have now come to understand that there is no such thing as moderate Islam, Dooley noted in a July 2011 presentation (.pdf), which concluded with a suggested manifesto to Americas enemies. It is therefore time for the United States to make our true intentions clear. **This barbaric ideology will no longer be tolerated. Islam must change or we will facilitate its self-destruction.** 




 A distinction without a difference. 




 Meanwhile, tribal leaders in parts of Yemen where drone attacks aimed at AQAP have killed civilians say the strikes are turning more and more people against the government and the United States. 




 Leila Buffett, Warren Buffett's mother, recounted that her husband said he considered only one issue when deciding whether to vote for a bill: "Will this add to, or subtract from, human liberty?"  




 Speaking at a campaign stop last week in Portsmouth, Va., Mr. Romney said he will add new ships to the U.S. Navy, add new aircraft to the Air Force and add 100,000 active duty personnel. 




 We feel that establishment Republicans have done enough damage to this country and that by nominating a clone of John McCain, the party is forfeiting the presidency, Davidson said. 




 The GOP can no longer ignore its libertarian "fringe." On the contrary, it will have to reach out to a new generation of activists who don't regard religious piety or continual warfare as sacred tenets of conservatism. 




 Listen to his answer.  What a weasel.

The reason I posted these videos was b/c now [Romney is speaking out for the Chinese dissident Chen Guangcheng](http://news.yahoo.com/blogs/ticket/romney-chinese-dissident-chen-departure-american-embassy-dark-184056059.html). 




 I had never seen this video.  What a dick.  Watch how Romney forcefully pulls his hand out of the handshake w/ the questioner. 




 In contrast, here is Romney's response when being questioned about Bradley Manning:

Clip 1:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1tWstYVV7I

Clip 2:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EtmGted3D0 




 What's next?  The USS Rosa Parks? 




 Morally they're no different.  In reality, Obama is responsible for vastly more carnage and death than Osama ever was or ever could have been, unless you don't consider Afghans, Somalis, Iraqis, Yemenis and Pakistanis as being part of the human race. 




 Who determines that?  You? 




 Obama has ["actively sought to kill Americans"](http://abcnews.go.com/Blotter/awlaki-family-protests-us-killing-anwar-awlakis-teen/story?id=14765076) as well.  Is he a "piece of shit" also? 




 Why? 




 **Sometimes you have to take life to save lives**, and thats what weve been able to do to prevent these individual terrorists from carrying out their murderous attacks. 




 Then who did? 




 He will favor more intimate settings, like the Ohio classroom, and a schedule that calls for fewer public appearances as the campaign hopes to show a softer side of the former Massachusetts governor who struggles at times to connect with average Americans. 




 I have no idea what you're talking about and I've been posting these obits for at least 4 years. 




 Limbaugh?  I think he probably supports murdering unarmed elderly men. 




 I don't send out messages to my "Ron Paul spammers." If you think I do, narc on me to one of the moderators. 




 If that's true, then the GOP is doomed. 




 The absurdity of the theory that literally every security problem in the world is a direct threat to the United States is but one example of Rubios navet. In his vision, America never makes mistakes and everyone loves it. 




 Panetta also announced during his visit to the base that the U.S. would facilitate the sale of 10 helicopters to Bogota - five Army Black Hawks and five commercial aircraft - to help Colombian forces in their fight against the FARC. 




 Newt Gingrich, meanwhile, revealed recently that his campaign is saddled with $4.5 million in debt. 




 The photographs reveal not only the nature of the war, but more essentially, that of the society that produced it.  




 But he still can't admit that the war was wrong:

The generous investment of our capital, the valorous example of our men and women in uniform, and the unselfish support of the American people have given the Afghan people the opportunity to now determine their own future. 




 And of course the usual disclaimer:

"Such conduct is wholly inconsistent with the core values of the department of Navy," Mabus wrote to Marine Commandant Gen. James Amos in ordering separation proceedings against the two. 




 All true.  Thanks Gary. 




 I have done just that for at least the past 4 years. 




 Update: [36 killed](http://news.yahoo.com/series-blasts-hit-iraqs-capital-police-sources-053952495.html) 




 You have to be an "expert" to figure that out? 




 Capt. John Kirby, a Pentagon spokesman, said the conduct depicted "most certainly does not represent the character and the professionalism of the great majority of our troops in Afghanistan..." 




 "I'm going to probably eliminate for high-income people the second-home mortgage deduction," Romney said, adding that he would also likely eliminate deductions for state income and property taxes as well.

So his first act as President will be a massive tax increase on the rich?  What a disaster... 




 Team Player: "The last week after Wisconsin, we basically raised almost no money. We had solicitations going out and people emailing back and saying, '**The race is over, you've got to join the crew**,'" Mr. Santorum said 
























 It makes me feel torn, said Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.), chairman of the Congressional Progressive Caucus. **The bottom line is military spending is government spending, and in the absence of any sort of other stimulus for the private sector, we need to get it where we can**. 




 Why don't you try to write your comment w/out profanity and then resubmit.  Thanks. 




 if you want an endless war, sure, let's keep afghanistan in a perpetual state of domestic conflict and completely ignore the eerily similar events of history.

Intervention by foreign powers has caused all of the problems you're referring to.  What Afghans do in their own country is not now, nor has it ever been, the business of the United States.

You have to understand that you have been brainwashed by your employer with these phony arguments in order to get you to kill people who have never posed any threat to you or your country.  I'm sorry your life will be perpetually scarred by the immoral acts you participated in while serving the interests of some politicians and the arms manufacturers. 




 The war is lost.  There is no sense in losing one more Afghan or American life.  Any "mature" observer of the situation would agree with this assessment and counsel the same course of action: bring the troops home. 




 Moreover, some 70,000 people, most of them Muslims, have been killed by other Muslims in the Syrian civil war, **which the U.S. had nothing to do with**  although many Muslims are now begging us to intervene to stop it.

I guess he doesn't read his own newspaper. 




 exaggerated reports of coalition casualties, vows for revenge, and glorious victories against great odds

I think you're actually thinking of claims made by the U.S. military.  The U.S. lost the war many years ago.  It's time to admit that fact and bring the troops home. 




 Yes, peace would be a terrible thing. 




 But NATO insists that the war is being won, with US General Joseph Dunford, head of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF), saying on Thursday there was "indisputable" progress towards the goal of a stable nation. 




 Yeah, I'm sure the murderous Japanese Imperial system could have been sustained for the last 70 years or so in all of those countries.  How long did the U.S. military last in Iraq again? 




 Yes, what the Japanese military did was none of the U.S. Govt's business so long as it didn't threaten America.  The only reason the Japanese attacked the U.S. at all is b/c we had forcibly acquired colonies in Hawaii and the Philippines (and Guam, American Samoa, etc.) in contradiction to the principles the country was founded on.  If we mind our own business, people tend to leave us alone.  It's not a complicated theory. 




 It was. 




 Check out the comments section of the story.  Unbelievable ignorance and stupidity.  Examples:

My new favorite oxymoron: Ron Paul Think Tank

Intent on studying why black Americans won't vote in support of slavery and racists? Because that's just not obvious so let's spend time and money figuring it out...

The Ron Paul Institute for the Peace and Prosperity of Slaveowners and the Operators of Segregated Lunch Counters. 




 Obviously, there is a coordinated effort to try to discredit the Ron Paul Institute.  How soon before Rand distances himself from his father's think tank? 




 RUSH:  So the meme is we did it, the United States.  We are responsible. Michael Scheuer, who... I'll refrain, but to me, **no credibility there whatsoever**

Does he even know who Michael Scheuer is? 




 Being targeted with violence is a major cost of war and aggression. It's a reason not do it. 




 he still is against targeted killings and especially unwarranted drone surveillance.

Just give him a few more days.  He seems to change his mind on a whim. 




 I was just fucking w/ you. 




 Great comment.  Thanks. 




 Let's try this a different way: "Americans who distrust [Jews] are likelier to back [concentration camps]" 




 He didn't order the strike. He didn't have anything to do with the story in the article you just linked.

So I guess the drone's just operate independently of any human input, right?

What hoops you partisan Obama lovers will jump through to absolve your murderous hero of any guilt.  You're pathetic.  Grow up. 




 Why not? 




 A female E-4 who police said confessed to shooting BBs at passers-by for fun, was charged with assault but will not be arrested, the prosecutor said. 




 He's not his father.

And I want to keep reiterating that point so people aren't fooled. 




 While the Deer Team was with the Viet Minh, the Japanese surrendered and the Viet Minh declared Vietnam an independent nation, using language from the Declaration of Independence. Ho gave his American friends a message to forward to President Harry S. Truman asking him to support the Viet Minh against France, which had lost its colonies to Japan during the war and was fighting to take them back. Mr. Truman never replied. The United States backed France.  




 You still haven't provided an alternative contender for that title.  Please let me know when you come up with one. 




 Partisan = Insane, in this case. 




 Translation: I surrender

Not a "surrender," just a waste of time presenting facts to a partisan. 




 I don't have time to refute all of your false statements about the greatness of the American Empire.  Maybe you should try reading a few books in your spare time to educate yourself.  It's obvious reading isn't currently one of your favorite pastimes. 




 Give me another contender. 




 Do yourself a favor and start thinking for yourself for a change.  Your govt is and has been the most evil and violent force throughout the world for decades.  Grow up and start questioning the nationalistic mythology you've been spoon-fed since birth. 




 Nice comment.  Thanks. 




 the US does not 'target' civilians, only enemy combatants

Tell that to the people of Hiroshima, Nagasaki, My Lai, Baghdad, Wazirastan, Kabul, etc. 




 Blowback? 




 "It's easy to forget what life was like when the decision was made."

04/15/13: [Iraq Attacks Leave 36 Dead](http://www.thestatesman.net/index.php?option=com_content view=article id=452170 catid=37) 




 Establishment figures called it unfair that Rick Santorum won caucuses in states like Iowa and Minnesota but then Paul wound up controlling the delegation because his supporters organized better for the conventions that pick delegates. 




 Rand Paul wing

Seriously? When did Rand Paul get his own wing of the GOP?  Obviously the activists protesting the rule change are left over from the Ron Paul campaign and probably have nothing to do w/ Rand.  Nice "reporting." 




 Yes, Obama is innocent of any wrongdoing.  Bush and Cheney are making him order the drone strikes that have resulted in the deaths of thousands of innocent men, women and children. 




 I guess that's why I'm not a Republican. 




 From the Comments section:

She should have been executed for treason. Now the good Lord is doing the job.

Sorry, she is a traitor and as such should rot in hell - better yet: keep her in prison!

It's too bad we can't help her along her cancerous path with a little "Neck Stretch Therapy"... Treason should get what it deserves.

I do pity her, I would not wish cancer on anyone. However, she did deserve a firing squad.

And they wonder why no young people will join the Republican Party. 




 Most of the crowd was supportive of Rove, giving him a standing ovation as he walked on stage and applauding when university police officers escorted one protester out of the room. 




 I wonder if he would have been charged with a crime if he had run over a child in Afghanistan? 




 as Taliban begin spring offensive

So it's all the Taliban's fault? 




 Led by Sen. Rand Paul

Huh? A neoconservative leading the libertarian movement?  




 Yes, I'm sure it was the Hungarian troops who were responsible for the airstrike. 




 Is there something untrue in the headline? 




 Or Ronald Regan (Grenada), or George H.W. Bush (Panama, Iraq, Somalia) Bill Clinton (Haiti, Serbia, Kosovo, Iraq, Afghanistan) or George W. Bush (Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen, Somalia) or Barack Obama (Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen, Somalia, Libya). 




 USA! USA! USA! USA! 




 The military has done what it needs to do, sending a clear message that there will be severe consequences for compromising classified information. Now, it should accept Manning's guilty plea, **send him away for 20 years** and move on. 




 Obama did bomb the hell out of Libya, so what's your point? 




 We know that the men and women who wear the uniform of the U.S. military are the greatest fighting force and the **greatest force for good that the world has ever known**.

Even better than Jesus? 




 Nothing a good marketing campaign can't alter in a week or so.  Americans love to dominate and subjugate "inferior" peoples (for their own good, of course).  They don't tend to reflect too much on the trail of fetid corpses they leave behind in their wake. 




 You don't know Americans 




 That's probably what the Iraqis thought too. 




 He can say whatever he wants and I'm free to point out how anti-libertarian it is. 




 Maybe not, but he also doesn't scaremonger about its use. 




 I just don't want anyone to be fooled into thinking Rand Paul is a Ron Paul-style libertarian b/c he's not. 




 Taking a quote "out of context" by simply stating exactly what he said?  Once again, Rand Paul is trying to have it both ways:  He's pro-Drug War but against having pot smokers of certain age groups go to prison for violating laws he supports.  If pot is "a bad thing to do" and thus there s/b laws criminalizing its use, why shouldn't a 13 year old kid go to prison for using it just like someone who is 35?  

Pot "takes away your incentive to work?"  That's a Newt Gingrich level of drug hysteria propaganda.  Truly pathetic. 




 Explain to me why smoking pot is "a bad thing to do." 




 Bush is a monster but this death goes on Obama's tally, not his.  If you're being honest, and not simply a partisan, then you would have to admit this. 




 This poor guy still doesn't understand why he lost the election. 




  Railway police said the soldiers were acting up on a Dongducheon-to-Incheon train on the night of Feb. 2  playing a boom box loudly while dancing and shouting  when a Korean woman in her early 20s asked them to quiet down.

That prompted the soldiers to verbally and physically harass the woman, while taking video and photos of her, police said. During the confrontation, one or more of the soldiers may have touched her breasts, they said. 




 [Jeb Bush: 'History will be kind to my brother'](http://firstread.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/03/10/17257330-jeb-bush-history-will-be-kind-to-my-brother?lite) 




 Thanks Gary. 




 That's the language of the DoD, not me. 




 "Remote Warfare Troops" 




 So The Surge didn't work? 




  He said dozens of families have already moved out of his home village of Deh Afghanan because of alleged mistreatment by the special forces and their Afghan partners. He alleged that both "beat people and make our lives miserable."

"This is no life for us or for our children," he said. 




 Earlier on Monday, police in Kabul said two civilian lorry drivers were killed and one wounded when they were fired on by an Isaf convoy.  




 He should have spent more time on the piece if he didn't want to be misunderstood.  Just my opinion. 




 But how do you "misspeak" when writing an op-ed for the Washington Post?  He could have ended the sentence with "no American should be killed by a drone," yet he continued.  Why? 




 I agree. 




 [N]o American should be killed by a drone **without first being charged with a crime.**

This language is intentional.  He's saying he's for execution by drone so long as due process is followed.

 




 [N]o American should be killed by a drone **without first being charged with a crime**.

This language has to be intentional.  Clintonian way to be on both sides of the issue. 




 "I knew this was why I was doing it," said sculptor Greg Marra. "**It was divine inspiration**."

Well, at least Jesus approves. 




 $33 million seems a tad excessive. 




 Make sure you watch the video. 




 I guess it's a good thing then that the Soviet Union disintegrated two decades ago. 




 Afterward, his wife, Rebecca, told reporters the incident has made life awful for her family and nearly wrecked them financially.

She said she was proud of her husband, who now works as a firearms instructor, for standing up for himself. "We didn't do anything wrong. We don't have anything to apologize for," she said. 




 We're supposed to worship these guys, right? 




 Do you kiss your Mother with that mouth?  Try to learn how to debate w/out using gutter language every other sentence. 




 You *did* have another option: not voting. 




 You sound like Sean Hannity. 




 You seriously think I supported Mitt Romney?  He would have been a murderous monster, just like Obama. 




 One morning recently, a teenager named Bacha Zarina was collecting firewood on her family's small farm in eastern Afghanistan. About 30 yards away, as family members recall, two Taliban commanders stood outside a house.

A missile screamed down from the sky, killing the two men instantly. Two chunks of shrapnel flew at Bacha Zarina and lodged in her left side.

Her family raced her to the nearest hospital, a half-hour's drive away, but she died en route, an accidental victim of the rapidly escalating U.S.-led campaign of drone strikes in Afghanistan. **She was 14 or 15 years old.**

Yes, your hero kills children. 




 The use of armed drones is likely to accelerate as most of the 66,000 U.S. troops in the country are due to withdraw by the end of 2014. **The remotely piloted long-range aircraft, which kill targets with virtually no risk to American lives, carry an unmistakable attraction for military commanders.** 




 How do you know that?  Do you really think Obama would hesitate to order someone's death just because that person happens to be w/in the confines of U.S. territory? 




 Furst-Ramdohr says the group couldn't understand how the German people had been so easily led into supporting the Nazi Party and its ideology.

"They must have been able to tell how bad things were, it was ridiculous," she says 




 Drone strikes, President Barack Obamas signature tactic for killing suspected al-Qaida and other extremist fighters, have been very effective, said Graham. It's a weapon that needs to be used. 




 The "truths" we're taught to believe from birth - whether nationalistic, religious, or cultural - should be the ones treated with the greatest skepticism if we continue to embrace them in adulthood, precisely because the probability is so great that we've embraced them because we were trained to, or because our subjective influences led us to them, and not because we've rationally assessed them to be true. 




 Thats when it crystallized: Rand Paul and Hillary Clinton are very similar in that they are both very smart, unlikeable people who are not above unethical actions if they think it will get them what they want.  




 If Rand Paul persists on going demagogic on Hagel, he will have established beyond any serious doubt that regardless of who his father is, he is Bill Kristol and Jennifer Rubins boy. 




 Okay, you say. But todays war is entirely different: no front line, no end in sight.

So what? **Its the jihadists who decided to make the world a battlefield and to wage war in perpetuity. Until they abandon the field, what choice do we have but to carry the fight to them?** 




 We meet this morning in the eleventh hour ..., said Committee Chairman Rep. Buck McKeon, R-Calif. Now it appears that this self-inflicted wound is poised to cripple our military in just a few days. 




 Along with the civilians, four insurgents were killed 




 So that makes it right? 




 U.S. foreign policy is aggressive, reckless, belligerent, and meddling. We dont need a foreign policy that strikes a balance. We dont need a foreign policy that we can afford. We dont need a foreign policy that is like Reagans. We dont need a foreign policy that is less interventionist. We need a wholesale repudiation of the past century of an evil and murderous U.S. foreign policy.

 




 Quote begins around 4:35 of the video. 




 Well said. 




 The only problem w/ your assertion is that I didn't write the headline.  If you had followed the link, you would have noticed that. 




 USA! USA! USA! 




 He didn't state in that clip that he would be the sole judge of whether an actual rape had occurred.

Have you ever read the newsletters?  The language in them is typical of what was being said by the Right after the LA riots and hardly "racist."  In fact, he has said on numerous occasions that he has some moral responsibility for what was published.

I am not a cult member.  If Ron Paul ever veered from his libertarian non-interventionist beliefs, I would abandon him immediately.  My guess is that you cannot say the same w/ respect to Barack Obama. 




 Thanks for posting the link.  Ron Paul is simply stating that there has to be some evidence of an actual (he uses the admittedly more clumsy word "honest") rape b/f he would *personally* agree with any measure to stave off a pregnancy.  He didn't say he would send in stormtroopers and put the hospital staff and woman in prison.  You're reading what you want to into his statement and not listening to what he actually said. 




 Thanks for the link.  I'll believe the quote when you post it. 




 What are you talking about?  How about you post a link to the comment you're referring to? 




 We're supposed to worship these guys, right? 




 The problem is that in American patriotism = support for endless war. 




 You noticed he didn't say, "Why do we have to pay *Israel*?" 




 That's a real article.  Follow the link. 




 I wonder who wrote Inhofe's speech for him? 




 Before he even made his opening statement, Mr. Hagel faced a blast of objections from the ranking Republican on the committee, Senator James M. Inhofe of Oklahoma, who told Mr. Hagel that he would not vote for him because of his position of **appeasing Americas adversaries.** 




 dangers to the economy of across-the-board budget reductions

Huh? So that money won't be spent elsewhere in more productive areas of the economy? 




 The US itself is the world's leading cyber-aggressor. A major purpose of this expansion is to strengthen the US's ability to destroy other nations with cyber-attacks.  




 Paul, who has not been coy about his interest in running for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, perked up when the interviewer framed a question by saying, lets say you become President Paul at some point in the future.

I like the ring of that, Paul interjected. 




 So b/c women weren't allowed to kill Afghans and Iraqis, the male soldiers thought it was okay to rape them? 




 It is the responsibility of every citizen to protect the nation, Panetta said shortly before signing a new policy memorandum that directed the armed services to integrate women fully. Every citizen who can meet the qualifications of service should have this opportunity.  




 What a creepy totalitarian-like statement.  You can just imagine Josef Stalin saying the same thing. 




 USA! USA! USA! 




 Yes, there are U.S. troops on the ground and they've been there for [many years](http://www.mg.co.za/article/2006-11-15-fearing-terror-threat-us-goes-back-to-basics-in-mali). 




 How original.  You're the first one to ever post that quote. 




 Democracy does suck.  Just look at its results: Obama, Bush, Clinton, Bush, Reagan, Carter, Ford, Nixon, Johnson... 




 Defense.gov only posts combat deaths.  They do post a report of suspected suicides every month but they do not list names even of confirmed suicides. 




 "For the life of me, I don't know why the hell people have to have assault weapons."

The why is he sending them to Syria, Mali, Somalia, Yemen, Iraq, Pakistan, Afghanistan, etc.? 




 Bin Laden wasn't defeated by superheroes zooming down from the sky; he was defeated by ordinary Americans who fought bravely even as they sometimes crossed moral lines, who labored greatly and intently, who gave all of themselves in both victory and defeat, in life and in death, for the defense of this nation.

USA! USA! USA! 




 The US is not committed to spreading democracy and freedom in the world. "Freedom" and "democracy" are concepts it exploits to undermine regimes that refuse to serve its interests. 




 Then you're just a partisan who excuses and justifies murder b/c it's done by your guy. 




 What real difference does it make whether it's happened once or multiple times?  Obama ordered an innocent American to be killed.  He can do it again whenever he wants. 




 Then what did you vote for? Peace and non-violence? 




 You mean like the [16-yr old Denver born American](http://www.businessinsider.com/alwaki-son-yemen-16-drone-2012-10) he murdered in Yemen? 




 Read the piece.  He rips Romney for being a murderous warmonger also. 




 You need to think of Obama ordering a drone strike on your wife or husband, or your lover, or your children -- or you. Imagine it in every detail. Then tell me how "accepting" you are of this monster. Then tell me how you justify having voted for him, if you did. 




 How about we [disarm Obama](http://news.yahoo.com/drone-attack-pakistan-kills-least-10-intelligence-sources-082455837.html)? 




 "Well sadly, I think I'd rather open a business in [the United Kingdom] than the U.S.," he says. "The U.S. isit's a minefield. Open a business in California? You must be joking. The lawyers, the taxespeople talk about high taxes here. Well, yes they are high, but in America, in the places you might really want to open a businessNew York, L.A.you've got state taxes, city taxes, state income taxes, city income taxesyou add that lot up, you're paying more over there than here." 




 The Department of Defense contends that anti-suicide programs installed throughout the armed services soon will curb military suicides  and that such initiatives already have helped douse mental-health stigmas. 




 Then maybe we should leave. 




 If they are non combatant troops

I think you're being a bit naive to believe that. 




 The withdrawal plan always included leaving some troops in Afghanistan

Then it was never a "withdrawal" plan.  It was a try to leave the U.S. military in Afghanistan plan.

Also, don't you think 10 years is enough time to train the security forces? 




 Care to explain your comment? 




 Perhaps an easier, less violent solution would be to end America's pointless, unwinnable wars.  What do you think?
 




 Please explain.  Are you denying Obama is responsible for these deaths?  If so, why? 




 You seem like the angry one, not me. 




 I think the better question would be: How much will it help the rest of the world? 




 No, I mean like you. 




 Nobody likes a narc. 




 "surgically removing insurgent leaders"

Gotta love those military euphemisms.  Sounds so clean and precise. 




 Seems like he could find a better stress-relieving activity... 




 Pot being grown in Bong County? 




 That 90% figure is ridiculous.  The majority of Taliban are simply Afghan citizens who want the U.S. out of their country.  They are fighting just like you would if, say, China was occupying America and killing your friends and family.

You killed multiple human beings for no justifiable reason, that makes you and your comrades mass murderers.  A govt-issued costume doesn't exempt you from the laws of morality.

You should check out www.ivaw.org to get a different perspective from fellow veterans.  Or, just peruse antiwar.com or reddit.com/endlesswar on a daily basis to read arguments from the other side.  Good luck. 




 In case you weren't aware, bin Laden was found in Pakistan, not Afghanistan. 




 We are already defeated b/c this war could never be won.  If it makes you feel better to believe that you were part of some glorious military victory against a bunch of pre-industrial third-world tribesmen, then...whatever. 




 You endanger my freedom.  You do nothing to enhance it.  You have fouled the air I breath with the smell of a miles-long trail of dead corpses.  If you think otherwise, then you are simply brainwashed and delusional.  




 That's war propaganda.  Nothing else.  We won't know the true extent of the damage inflicted on the Afghan people until our army withdraws in defeat. 




 You've "accomplished" nothing other than destroying millions of lives.  If it helps your psychological balance to think that you have, then so be it.

Every man I killed, if given the opportunity to come to America, would have comitted acts far worse than the tragedy in Connecticut.

And you're calling me ignorant?  You're just spouting a warmonger talking points.  Yeah, you killed those people so women could learn to read.  If you really believe that bullshit, then you probably still believe in the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy.  Jesus, grow up. 




 If anything, you put my life in danger.  You keep no one safe by invading countries and killing people who don't threaten us. 




 You participated in an unjust, unconstitutional war against a nation that never committed any violent act against America.  You can't use self-defense as an excuse b/c you never should have been in Afghanistan to begin with.  Every person you killed was an act of murder.  You're no different morally from the Newtown killer or any other mass murderer.  To me, it's actually frightening that you and your comrades sleep well at night after committing such horrifying acts.  I guess that's what psychologists refer to as psychic numbing. 




 Is that what you mean when you say you're "protecting our freedom?" 




 No Afghan ever threatened this country.  You *murdered* Afghans for absolutely no reason**.  That's something you'll have to live with for the rest of your life.

**Sorry, just b/c you were wearing a sand-colored camoflauged uniform you don't get an immorality pass.  The Ten Commandments don't have a list of exceptions.   




 It's a different issue

Please explain the moral difference. 




 Obama's killed a helluva lot more people than Bales.  Will they seek the death penalty for him also? 




 In a free society, you would be able to buy a rocket launcher.  And if you never used it to harm others, I would have no problem with that. 




 I'm an anarcho-capitalist, not a leftist anarchist.

Panetta has been responsible for the deaths of thousands of innocent people as head of the CIA and now as Secretary of War.  Stop supporting a mass murderer. 




 Actually, yes I am an anarchist.  And Leon Panetta is the war chief.  Nothing he does is "defense" related. 




 Although they functioned as members of Petraeuss staff, they said they did not want to be paid. There are actual patriots in the world, Fred **Kagan said. It was very important to me not to be seen to be profiting from the war.** 




 The Kagans said they continued to receive salaries from their think tanks while in Afghanistan. **Kim Kagans institute is funded in part by large defense contractors.** 

At the August 2011 dinner honoring Petraeus, Kagan thanked executives from two defense contractors who sit on her institutes corporate council, DynCorp International and CACI International. The event was sponsored by General Dynamics. All three firms have business interests in the Afghan war. 




 No one likes a snitch. 




 I bet he gets more time than [Sgt. Robert Bales](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Bales). 




 The children of north-west Pakistan, it seems, are not like our children. They have no names, no pictures, no memorials of candles and flowers and teddy bears. They belong to the other: to the non-human world of bugs and grass and tissue. 




 What difference does it make WHO planted the landmine?  The reason it's there is b/c the U.S. military invaded and destroyed Afghanistan.  Obama could have ended this atrocity on the day he became president and removed any incentive to plant IEDs.  And these girls would in all likelihood still be alive. 




 I'm blaming him for accelerating a war that should have ended the day he became president.  In case you're unaware, Obama is responsible for the deaths of thousands of innocent people in Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Somalia, Libya, etc.  His trail of death and horrific carnage far surpasses the evil deeds perpetuated by all of these lunatic child killers combined.  If you think that what Obama does on a daily basis is any different morally from what was done in Connecticut or Aurora then you're not being honest with yourself. 




 Bush should. Mitt never became president and thus had no opportunity to perpetuate an aggressive war against innocent people. 




 Great answer.  Thanks. 




 What's the difference? 




 As expected, after it opened it was elbow to elbow, the history says. The comfort women ... had some resistance to selling themselves to men who just yesterday were the enemy, and because of differences in language and race, there were a great deal of apprehensions at first. But they were paid highly, and they gradually came to accept their work peacefully. 




 I wonder if he weeps over the children HE kills every day in Afghanistan, Yemen and Somalia? 




 You liberals is so smart. 




 Yes, killing thousands of innocent people in aggressive, undeclared wars is certainly no war crime.  




 Great comment.  Thanks. 




 I suspect he isn't. 




 It's not news, but it does seem to be the [neocon talking point of the day](http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/charles-krauthammer-why-was-there-war-in-gaza/2012/11/22/c77582e8-3412-11e2-bfd5-e202b6d7b501_story.html?hpid=z2). 




 So only tax increases, not spending cuts, will solve the debt problem? 




 If an American citizen really wants to advocate for neutrality on the ground that both sides are equally horrible and they're sick of the whole conflict and wish it would all just go away, then the place to begin with that advocacy is US government policy which, as unpleasant as it might be to face, has long been, and remains more than ever, a key force that drives the bloodshed. 




 What's wrong with being "anti-war"? 




 When we met with Karzais staff it was clear that the Afghans are tired of being treated like servants in their own country, Tina Foster said. Symbolic gestures are not going to cut it anymore. They want the keys to the prison, and the ability to determine the fates of the prisoners held there.  




 Rand Paul will be far more of a force in the Republican Party in the coming years than his father ever was. Thats a problem for conservatives who hope the GOP remains a bulwark of common sense about national defense and foreign policy. It will also mean that one of the partys most prominent spokesmen will not be someone who will be viewed as reliably pro-Israel. 




 However respectfully the views of friends are considered, **the ultimate decision over peace or war must remain in the hands of the president.**

I thought Congress was supposed to have a say, right? 




 No, Rush has often used that term when referring to Ron Paul. 




 I am going to be honest with you dad. I have killed a lot of men and children. Some that didnt even do anything for me to kill them. Also some that begged for mercy. I have a problem. I think I got addicted to killing people. I could kill someone go to sleep wake up and forget that it ever happened. It got normal for me to be that way. I never wanted to be this way. I just took my job way to serious. I took things to the extreme. Anyone can tell you that I changed. It is like being a completely different person. 




 I didn't imply that nor ever would. 




 Your hero kills innocent men, women and children.  Grow up and deal with it. 




 [A Global Force For Good](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3wtUCPWmeI) 




 American politicians never tire of extolling the virtues of the US military, which is now commonly hailed as "the finest fighting force in the history of the world." This claim appears grotesquely at odds with reality. 




 "Mistakes" like killing Afghan children every day for 3 and 1/2 years? 




 One of the primary reasons war - especially protracted war - is so destructive is not merely that it kills the populations at whom it is aimed, but it also radically degrades the character of the citizenry that wages it.  




 So what's your Dad wrong about, Rand? 




 The first step should be to impose an immediate curfew on all US military personnel, but the only real solution is the removal of all US bases from Okinawa prefecture. As long as they remain here, these crimes will continue," said Miyoko Ashimine, the member of a local womens rights group who advises female victims of sexual crime. 




 Sorry, that should have been Sailor, not GI. 




 Dr. Ron Paul was the last chance for the GOP to reform, redefine and renew itself. Paul was sidelined and ignored. As a result, Republicans may be marching towards irrelevance and unimportance.  




 Perpetual War = Perpetual Employment 




 Sorry 




 So horrific is the human suffering brought about by such sanctions regimes that some are beginning to argue that killing Iranians with an air attack would be more humane. 
























 How many different reddit IDs do you have? 




 Boehner's office said the visit aimed to send "a strong, unequivocal message that the House of Representatives wants to maintain a right-sized presence in Afghanistan." 




 Starting in 1964  the same year he signed the Civil Rights Act  U.S. forces and their allies flew more than 580,000 bombing missions across Vietnams neighbor to the west, targeting nearly every corner of the country. The bombs stopped falling in 1973.  




 Great comment.  Thanks! 




 Its like a combination between a college reunion and The Big Chill, said Ron Kaufman, a longtime political director for the 41st president. 




 He dropped bombs on innocent civilians and he's worried about morality? 




 Does anyone have the video? 




 Please watch this video.

* Carter calls Osama bin Laden, et. al "freedom fighters" and admits he was responsible for giving them weapons.
* He admits that he threatened the Soviet Union with nuclear war if they moved any further east than Afghanistan.
* He thinks the U.S. should go to war over Crimea. 




  "I was hoping the United States would say, 'Let's sit down and talk and solve these problems,' but America was going on and doing what I expected them to do." 




 "Russia is a gas station masquerading as a country, McCain said. Its kleptocracy, its corruption. Its a nation thats really only dependent upon oil and gas for their economy. And so economic sanctions are important. Get some military assistance to Ukrainians, at least so they can defend themselves. Resume the missile defense system in Poland and the Czech Republic. Look at Moldova and Georgia, both of whom are occupied by Russian troops as we speak, a path toward membership in NATO. 




 Declare that any further Russian military incursion beyond Crimea will lead to a rapid and favorable response from NATO to any request from Kiev for weapons. These would be accompanied by significant numbers of NATO trainers and advisers. 




 I think this is actually an important event.  A conservative Texas Republican governor thinking it's politically prudent to take a more moderate stand on pot legalization.  This never would have happened 5 years ago. 




 How convenient... 




 People my age have grown up with a decade of war and were tired of it, Mezzina said. When people like Sen. Marco Rubio push for more war, more bombing and sending troops overseas, its not something that appeals to my generation. 




 People my age have grown up with a decade of war and were tired of it, Mezzina said. When people like Sen. Marco Rubio push for more war, more bombing and sending troops overseas, its not something that appeals to my generation. 




 He doesn't think?  So it's possible someone in the Senate *may* be advocating to bomb Russian troops? 




 Uhhhkilling people? 




 For those of you who don't know, Gov. Hickenlooper gained fame and fortune as a liquor dealer here in Denver. 




 To protect them against...? 




 "I never did want that lobotomy," Tritz said. "But it was my duty to take it." 




 Laurence Vance's response: [Professional Murderer to Be Honored at Super Bowl](http://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/professional-murderer-to-be-honored-at-super-bowl/) 




 Late post, but thought this story was worth a read. 




 So who did they kill? 




 How many countries are stamped on your passport?

Quite a few.  I've always found that people are pretty much the same around the world.  You see dark-skinned head-chopping religious fanatics around every corner.  You've been brainwashed by the U.S. military, I haven't been. 




 You and your attitude are why people around the world hate and want to kill Americans.  You're a murderer for Empire, nothing more.
 




 The Lone Survivor episode is a tragedy that reveals the best of American bravery. But even greater tragedies could come if Americans leave this movie believing that purposely targeting innocents can ever be right, and heedless of how this attitude undermines our war efforts. 




 US engagement 'as broad and deep as at any point in history' 




  Middle-school sports programs at Defense Department schools in the Pacific are the latest **victims** of defense budget cuts.

Interesting word choice considering the military's role in the world. 




 BTW, that Tom Hanks movie is a piece of jingoistic bullsh*t.  Muscular star-spangled white guys murdering skinny black dudes.  USA-USA-USAwhatever. 




 Obviously, a very unbiased piece of journalism:

Some scholars affiliated with the Mises Institute have combined dark biblical prophecy with apocalyptic warnings that the nation is plunging toward economic collapse and cultural ruin. Others have championed the Confederacy. One economist, while faulting slavery because it was involuntary, suggested in an interview that the daily life of the enslaved was not so bad  you pick cotton and sing songs. 




 I wonder if the U.S. will also condemn [this attack](http://news.antiwar.com/2014/01/17/probe-wednesday-us-air-strikes-killed-14-afghan-civilians/)? 




 The NYT article makes depressingly, horrifyingly clear that we remain very, very far from becoming adults, if by "adult" we mean recognizing certain unalterable facts of our existence. Our politicians, our military personnel, and many Americans still refuse to face honestly and completely the reality of what the U.S. did in Iraq, just as they refuse to recognize the blood-drenched reality of U.S. foreign policy in general. It is inconceivable that any of the catastrophic consequences of our actions, including the suffering of U.S. military personnel, should be our own responsibility. We therefore blame anything and anyone else, including the victims of our own crimes. 




 "Hygienic reasons?"  Check out the pics and see if you come to the same conclusion:  http://www.tmz.com/2014/01/15/iraq-soldier-bodies-on-fire-marines-investigation-military-photos/ 




 How is the US govt and political class killing innocent people in Yemen "off topic"? 




 but then brightened up after perusing his investment brokerage account statement." 




 If the United States does not get involved, al-Qaeda is likely to win. None of our options is good. Each has risks, but doing too little also has risks. 




 Will he do the same for the Afghan War, which he supported? 




 I'm no elementary school construction expert, but doesn't that seem like a lot of cash for two schools? 




 What were they doing in England in the first place?  Protecting us from the imminent Soviet invasion of West Germany? 




 No, I didn't expect "good karma."  People want to believe that the American empire is somehow different from empires of the past.  That's delusional and pathetic, but the reaction is completely predictable. 




 Libya holds 48 billion barrels of crude reserves  Africa's largest  according to BP Plc. The OPEC-member nation has struggled to restore production to levels reached before the civil war that toppled Khadafy in 2011. 




 "Gains?"  Huh? 




 King said these Republicans calling for Clappers resignation are part of "the isolationist wing of the party. 




 Americans and their representatives in Congress are often skeptical of peacekeeping operations and reluctant to fund them. But the argument in their favor is this: They promote stability, serve our interests and save innocent lives without sending in the Marines. 




 Marine Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., commander of U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan, called Karzai to apologize personally. The international coalition also issued a statement saying it deeply regrets the incident.  




 Marine Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., commander of U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan, called Karzai to apologize personally. The international coalition also issued a statement saying it deeply regrets the incident.  




 "I know he felt very bad about the whole thing, that this Vietnamese agent had been killed," said Michael Heaney, a Vietnam veteran who taught at Outward Bound. "I don't think he was ever sure whether the guy was a spy or not.... But he decided not to let it end his usefulness. **He turned around and did good things the rest of his life."** 




  For CY 2013, there have been 112 potential not on active duty suicides (70 Army National Guard and 42 Army Reserve): 81 have been confirmed as suicides and 31 remain under investigation. Updated not on active duty suicide numbers for CY 2012: 140 (93 Army National Guard and 47 Army Reserve): 138 have been confirmed as suicides and two remain under investigation. 




 Send in the Marines? 




 And it falls upon Muslims themselves to take on their violent brothers.

Has Rand taken on his Christian "violent brothers?" 




 Today's war is perpetrated by **"a fanatical element of Islam,"** Rand said, adding that most Muslims are not commited to violence against Christians. However, those who are number in the tens of millions, he said. And it falls upon Muslims themselves to take on their violent brothers. 




 But the United States wants to keep using Special Operations forces to target the **roughly 75 operatives** that American commanders estimate remain in Afghanistan. 




 Afghanistan is decades away from self-sufficiency  it currently covers only about 20 percent of its own bills, with the rest paid by the United States and its allies. 




 Because cluster bombs are so much more humane in their killing technique, right? 




 He participated in an aggressive, unjustified war that resulted in the deaths of a million Iraqis.  How's that for starters? 




 How many different Reddit user names do you have? 




 First Sarah Palin, then Rick Santorum, and now Michele Bachmann. 




 Great comment.  Thanks. 




 Who will act against America's "crimes against humanity?" 




 In an interview with Bloomberg Businessweek, Senator Rand Paul ( R-KY), who is Ron Paul's son, said his preferred choice for the next chairman of the Federal Reserve would be either Friedrich Hayek or Milton Friedman, both of whom are dead. 




 Good news for the Filipino brothel industry. 




 I think they've been watching [The Dark Knight](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-Dqf6Ptjoo) too much. 




 Hilary Renner, a State Department spokeswoman in Washington, said the embassy extended its deepest condolences to Mariki's family and wished those injured a speedy recovery. 




 I wonder if Obama will agree to extradite the suspect? 




 He described Al Qaeda, the reason the United States came to Afghanistan, as a shell of its former self, with **only about 75 members** in Afghanistan, and most of them too busy trying to stay alive to plan attacks in the West. 




 We left (Iraq) on the edge of being stable, Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer, a former military intelligence officer, told Fox News. 

While saying it's clear the job was "not done," he warned: Al Qaeda as an entity is coming back strong within the region and is doing things to destabilize governments, which, at this point in time, are still friendly to us." 




 "What it makes me feel is deeper guilt," said Mike Prysner, an anti-war activist who, at 19, was part of the 2003 Army invasion. He served in Iraq for 12 months and left the service as a corporal. 

"One of our roles was to shred their national identity. What is happening today is a direct result of the U.S. occupation's strategy," added Prysner, 30. "I remember the Iraqi government being setup along ethnic lines by the U.S. occupation. I remember arming certain ethnic groups to fight others. I'll live the rest of my life knowing I was a part of that."  




 But he wouldn't fight as hard if he knew the weapons would be used against Muslims or Hindus? 




 He was told there could come a situation where he might be forced to fire on a child. He realized then he could not fire upon a child, even if that child was a risk to him  Thats when things really clicked for him. Thats when he didn't believe anymore that he could kill. 




 I'm from the U.S. and I don't want our military anywhere near Australia. 




 The capture shows "active participation in the field of North American military men and mercenaries in counter-insurgency operations under the guise of contractors," the statement read. 




 The news is that armed *American* fighter jets are flying missions in *Australia*.  Why? 




 Lincolns belief in a strong union **dedicated to civil rights**

Obviously, Mr. Gerson has never read any of Tom DiLorenzo's books.
 




 The **Air Force closed** Highway 98 west of Panama City and east of Mexico Beach because of fires from the crash.

Where does the Air Force get the authority to unilaterally close a highway?  Scary 




 "It's not like it was a conscious thought or decision," he said of that moment. "But one was like, 'You know what, [urinate] on these guys.' And some said, 'Yeah, [urinate] on them.'" 




 Yes, in case you are unaware, Barack Obama is the President of the United States. 




 To Democrat supporters finally disillusioned: we dont need better candidates we need a fucking revolution. The side of human dignity is with Americas victims, not with the murderous arrogance of the professional sociopaths of American empire who are their victimizers.  




 I want to lay blame squarely on the shoulders of the person who is responsible for the carnage. 




 Is Nigeria the next stop for the Endless War? 




 "Unlike Iraq, to which comparisons are often made, the Afghans actually need us to stay. Most Afghans want us to stay. And we have promised to stay, he added. 




 Officially, a Berlin spokesman confirmed on Friday, Bienkowski is suspected of having violated a law against "**insulting organs and representatives of foreign countries**." 




 From the comments: "That a society would willingly go to such lengths to eradicate an intoxicating plant in a futile attempt to make itself 'idiot-proof' is in itself an act of profound idiocy." 




 We know that something like 40 to 50 percent of Americans dont vote. **Ron Paul created his vote. His people were not previously Republicans. They were disaffected, anti-government activists who hated the political process.** He drew them from those Americans who dont vote, and a lot of them are going to go back to not voting. 




 In northern Afghanistan, the State Department last year abandoned plans to occupy a large building it had intended to use as a consulate. After spending more than $80 million and signing a 10-year lease, officials determined the facility was too vulnerable to attacks. 




 [From the NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/03/science/civil-war-toll-up-by-20-percent-in-new-estimate.html?pagewanted=all _r=0): By combing through newly digitized census data from the 19th century, J. David Hacker, a demographic historian from Binghamton University in New York, has recalculated the [Civil War] death toll and increased it by more than 20 percent  to 750,0000.

Is it possible that there was a better way to solve Lincoln's problems with the South other than killing nearly a million people?  Why is it crazy to ask that question? 




 Suffice it to say, if anyone in Pauls office knew of this mans background then Paul has a serious problem on his hands. And if no one bothered to vet Hunter, then concerns about the close-knit, amateurish staff will heighten.

All that because Jack's made statements that the disastrous American Civil War may have been a mistake? 




 Obviously, he's lying. 




  Interviewer: Did the NSA help to create Stuxnet? (Stuxnet is the computer worm that was deployed against the Iranian nuclear program.)

Snowden: NSA and Israel co-wrote it. 




 Yes, because [socialism and militarism](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazism) are always diametrically opposed and can never be part of the same philosophy. 




 Barack Obama is president now.  You may want to thank him as well. 




 That George W. Bush, who is known to have authorized torture and numerous other crimes against humanity, is being given an award for improving the human condition is a sick, cruel joke, she wrote. 




 The $310 million project, which faced considerable opposition from Italians against militarism, will house elements of the 173rd, the 509th Signal Battalion and eventually U.S. Army Africa. A few dozen protesters still opposed to the project gathered several blocks away. 




 Maybe.  But he's sure as hell more deserving of the award than Barack Obama. 




 It appears to undermine the claim made by President Obama in a May speech that "conventional airpower or missiles are far less precise than drones, and likely to cause more civilian casualties and local outrage". 




 It is no worse than what other countries have done in the past/are doing now.

For the last 50 to 60 years, the US govt is by far the [most violent and deadly force on the planet earth](http://www.alternet.org/investigations/executive-branch-evil-and-lawless).  Your statement is simply incorrect. 




 Maybe he can't get past the mountains of corpses the US govt is responsible for throughout Africa and the rest of the world. 




 Like President Barack Obama, Bush deflected criticism of the spy program.

"I put the program in place to protect the country, and one of the certainties is civil liberties were guaranteed," Bush said in the interview. 




  Some folks mightve looked at Ron Paul and dismiss him out of hand because he was far too extreme to them. Theyll not be able to do the same thing with Rand after they meet him. If you sit and talk to Rand, he comes across as extremely bright, extremely articulate and the farthest thing from crazy or extreme. 




 I'm assuming you're talking to the WashTimes headline writer, not me.  The headline above is directly from their website. 




 Note how the WaPost leaves out the second part of the quote in their headline. 




 It is a matter of indisputable fact that the U.S. Executive Branch has over the past 50 years been responsible for bombing, shooting, burning alive with napalm, blowing up with cluster bombs, burying alive with 500-pound bombs, leveling homes and villages, torturing, assassinating and incarcerating without evidence more innocent civilians in more nations over a longer period of time than any other government on earth today. 




 We're supposed to worship these military guys, right? 




 Witnesses had testified that Hutchins and another marine shot Awad and placed an AK-47 and a shovel next to the
corpse to suggest he had been planting a bomb. 




 Note he didn't say anything about sending drones. 




 Great comment.  Thanks. 




 Nice try, but that makes absolutely no sense. 




 I never said that the US is "worse than Nazi Germany," so please don't put words in my mouth.

You still have never explained how Germany, located across the Atlantic Ocean and then some, posed a threat to your beloved Homeland.

Stopping genocide was never a war aim of the US govt.  You're smart enough to know that. 




 You're actually wishing that the Axis had conquered Eastern Europe 

Actually, if the USA had never entered the ETO, it is less likely Stalin would have "conquered Eastern Europe."  Hitler then could have concentrated more forces on the eastern front thereby preventing Stalin from advancing to Berlin.  Over time, the Russians would have pushed the Germans out of the USSR but probably wouldn't have had the political or military will to set up the Communist eastern bloc buffer zone that eventually rec'd the Allies' tepid blessing.

the wholesale extermination of Eastern Europe

If you're talking about the extermination of the Jews and other minorities, please remember that the USA did not go to war with Germany to stop what became the Holocaust.  In fact, [FDR was turning away ships with Jewish refugees as late as May of 1939](http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/en/article.php?ModuleId=10005267).  Here's one passage from the article:

"Sailing so close to Florida that they could see the lights of Miami, some passengers on the St. Louis cabled President Franklin D. Roosevelt asking for refuge. **Roosevelt never responded**."

So perhaps the "miserable racist fuck" you're thinking of is one of America's most beloved presidents.

put a bullet in your head, you fascist fuck

In fact, as a libertarian anarchist I'm the exact opposite of a fascist.  My guess is that your views are much closer to those of the Nazi party.  You probably support torture, endless war against Muslims and other suspect non-white peoples, rendition, domestic spying and the collaboration between govt and corporations in advancing the interests of the state.  I seriously doubt that you have ever advanced the notion that American society would be much better off if it embraced the principles of liberty. 




  Even granting your premise that we weren't threatened by Germany (which I don't)

How again was "The Homeland" threatened by the German military?

I still find your view repulsive

I support peace.  You blindly support war, the most evil enterprise ever created by man.  Whose views are truly repulsive?

a country directly responsible for mass murder and aggression

Then you should engage in war against America.  Because what country on the planet is more responsible for "mass murder and aggression" then your beloved Homeland? 




 Germany posed no threat whatsoever to invade the USA.  They couldn't even conquer England from bases in France.  The US govt should have simply ignored Germany's declaration of war.  If they had, millions of lives would have been saved and Eastern Europe probably wouldn't have suffered thru 45 years of Communist oppression. 




 It is irrelevant whether Germany declared war on the USA, they never posed any threat to the "homeland" and therefore America should never have been involved in the European war. 




 Yes, I did.

If you feel so strongly about your views, then sign up with the U.S. military and go kill Muslims in foreign countries.  Or, perhaps you can become a drone pilot and kill Muslims from Nevada.

 




 You may want to ask yourself *why* someone would want to attack your "homeland."  Perhaps your govt was bombing that person's country for decades killing hundreds of thousands of innocent people.  Maybe your govt had initiated sanctions that had caused untold misery among the population.  Maybe your govt had bankrolled and supported the oppressive dictatorial regime that had terrorized the citizens of his country for decades.

Of course I'm assuming you are talking about the 9/11 attacks since the Germans did not initiate an unprovoked attack against the United States in either WW1 or WW2. 




 Jesus, man, you are one sick and immoral person. 




 Because there's never a better way to solve problems than killing millions of innocent people. 




 Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying. 




 Yes, I am telling you that the neither the Zimmerman Telegram nor the Lusitania incident justified U.S. involvement in WW1.  Of course, the Germans weren't involved in the Pearl Harbor bombing so that attack did not justify the U.S. entering the European war in WW2.

the two worst wars that the world has ever seen

They were both made worse by U.S. involvement. 




 You need to read more history.  Both of those wars were b.s.  In any event, America never should have been involved.  Germany never threatened the "homeland" and therefore all of those soldiers died for absolutely nothing. 




 Yeah, like when?  Give me a couple of examples. 




 Then why continue the wars, drone attacks and killing? 




 Small children are burned alive in cars. Worshippers are cut down outside their own mosques. This is beyond unacceptable, he said on May 17; Systemic violence is ready to explode at any moment." 




 I expect him not to go on a trip that costs "tens of millions" when the benefit to the United States is zilch. 




 Nothing like a new war to distract from scandal. 




 he should have revealed it to a congressional oversight committee

Yeah, I'm sure that would have done a lot of good. 




 Silber takes Glenn Greenwald to task for not releasing all of the information contained in the Snowden docs. 




 Please don't comment.  You're just embarrassing yourself. 




 Sorry, I should have put a "/s" after my comment about your comment. 




 Great comment.  Thanks. 




 Update: [17 killed](http://www.stripes.com/suicide-blast-in-kabul-kills-17-near-us-embassy-1.225326) 




 No one can seriously deny today that the war on terror is and always was a war on the American peoplea cover for imperialist war internationally and an unrelenting assault on democratic rights within the US. 




 Jones said she didn't interfere with or touch any of the officers, who were dressed entirely in black, including their masks and combat boots. **Police were accompanied by a crew from the reality TV show, "The First 48."** 




 Personally I am willing to accept a little more danger to my life from terrorists than the greater danger posed by those seeking to destroy our rights under the pretense that they are making us safe. What say you? 




 Huh? The govt - Congress and the White House - are responsible for tapping the phones of Verizon customers.  Did you even have a point or did you just want to repeat your partisan "Tea Bagger" talking points that you learned on the Daily Kos?  Please don't comment again.  You're just embarrassing yourself. 




 How about we blame Congress and the White House? 




 When he told a woman he was seeing that hed been a drone operator, and contributed to the deaths of a large number of people, she cut him off. **She looked at me like I was a monster**, he said. And she never wanted to touch me again. 




 Brandon Bougades [is] a 31-year-old decorated, two-tour Army sergeant who is in the last stages of medical retirement after being hit by multiple bomb blasts in Afghanistan. 




 In the end it is not Bradley Manning who is on trial. His trial ended long ago. The defendant now, and for the next 12 weeks, is the United States. A runaway military, whose misdeeds have been laid bare, and a secretive government at war with the public. They sit in the docks. We are called to serve as jurists. We must not turn away. 




 David Coombs, Mannings civilian defense lawyer, opened by describing an incident in Iraq on December 24, 2009. A US military convoy, traveling along a roadway, forced a vehicle carrying five civilians onto the side of the road. They struck a roadside bomb.

At Forward Operating Base Hammer, where Manning was stationed, he and other intelligence officers watched the event unfold. The other soldiers erupted in cheers because the US forces were unhurt, Coombs said. Manning was disturbed. 




 I didn't see any white South African leaders on the list. 




 [We're not](http://security.blogs.cnn.com/2013/01/03/u-s-likely-to-keep-thousands-of-troops-in-afghanistan-after-nato-forces-leave/). 




 We lost out, said Michael Makovsky, a former Defense Department official in the Bush administration who worked on Iraq oil policy. **The Chinese had nothing to do with the war, but from an economic standpoint they are benefiting from it, and our Fifth Fleet and air forces are helping to assure their supply.**  




 Mr. Paul wanted to define himself for those skeptics as not being an all government is bad libertarian - an image his father, former Texas Rep. Ron Paul, had among some of his fellow Republicans.
 




 I am a libertarian-conservative who spends most of my free time outdoors, he said at one point, seeking to make the case that conservatives are not indifferent about preserving the environment.

I bike and hike and kayak., I compost, I plant trees, he said. In fact, I have a giant Sequoia Im trying to grow in Kentucky. 




 He hated the damn savages he was fighting. In his book, he recounts telling an Army colonel, I dont shoot people with Korans. Id like to, but I dont. 




 [Baghdad Blasts Continue; 42 Killed, 129 Wounded](http://original.antiwar.com/updates/2013/05/30/baghdad-blasts-continue-42-killed-129-wounded/) 




 [UN: Iraq Ready to Explode; Over 600 Killed This Month](http://news.antiwar.com/2013/05/30/un-iraq-ready-to-explode-over-600-killed-this-month/) 




 Some, particularly after having just observed Memorial Day, might think that **only war is capable of binding a generation and instilling true civic pride**. 




 In his new job, Petraeus will work with former Republican National Committee chairman Ken Mehlman, who is KKRs Global Head of Public Affairs. 




 [Baghdad bombs kill 16 in Sunni-Shi'te bloodletting](http://news.yahoo.com/bombs-hit-baghdad-districts-least-10-dead-073044431.html) 




 Most of the victims were women and children, and some of the bodies were piled and burned. 




 [More Than 50 Killed in Wave of Baghdad Bombings](http://www.nytimes.com/reuters/2013/05/27/world/middleeast/27reuters-iraq-violence.html?hp _r=0) 




 Perhaps war is so obscene that even the people who supported it dont want to hear the details or acknowledge their role. 




 Those who live by the sword... 




 The fact that he didn't mean a word of what he said doesn't seem to have made an impression on the brain trust at the New York Times. 




 I don't know what your point is.  You certainly didn't address mine. 




 At least he understands that he is the moral equivalent of a suicide bomber. 




 Then you should join French Foreign Legion and go kill some radical Islamic dudes. 




 [400 killed in Iraq in past week](http://news.antiwar.com/2013/05/21/over-400-killed-in-a-week-of-iraqi-violence/) 




 It is undisputed that the government is withholding the images **not to shield wrongdoing or avoid embarrassment** but rather to prevent the killing of Americans and violence against American interests, according to the opinion of Judges Merrick B. Garland, Judith W. Rogers and Harry T. Edwards. 




 [116 more dead in Iraq](http://original.antiwar.com/updates/2013/05/20/monday-mayhem-116-killed-240-wounded-in-iraq/) 




 Remorse is alien to me. I have a penchant for deceit. I am generally free of entangling and irrational emotions. I am strategic and canny, intelligent and confident, but I also struggle to react appropriately to other people's confusing and emotion-driven social cues. 




 Yes, once a month they list the active duty suicide totals for the army. 




 [43 more dead in Iraq](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/17/iraq-bombing_n_3291896.html) 




 From the comments section:

Take an 18 or 19 year old.
Send them off to a needless, futile war in a country and culture they know nothing about.
Force them to observe brutality they had never conceived.
Have them watch their buddies be slaughtered and or maimed for life.
Send them home, where life goes on and no one really understands the profound change in their life and perceptions.
Let them deal with the VA bureaucracy that is consistantly overwhelmed and underfinanced. Have the VA delay or deny their rightful claim to disability.
Have republican members of Congress vote against a Veterans Employment Bill.

Combinatons of the above can induce suicidal ideation and action.

Most effective solution? Stop perpetual war for oil and private profit

a vietnam volunteer. 




 You need to rewrite that second sentence so it's somewhat comprehensible. 




 You can add [33 more Iraqis](http://www.denverpost.com/nationworld/ci_23247740/bombings-kill-at-least-5-iraq) to Dick Cheney's corpse total. 




 USA! USA! USA! 




 I already did, but you chose to ignore the evidence.  EOM 




 Go to /endlesswar and you can be exposed to the endless carnage perpetuated by the American empire.  I don't have time to educate someone who is clearly so ignorant of current events. 




 If you don't know that the U.S. military led by George W. Bush and Dick Cheney destroyed Iraq and brutalized several other countries, then I can't help you.  I'm sure you also believed that O.J. Simpson was innocent of the murder of Nicole Brown Simpson.  Now get back to listening to the Rush Limbaugh show. 




 And, as President of the United States, the most powerful job on planet Earth, he is incapable of taking any measures to close it.

Blind partisanship is so childish.  Please grow up. 




 For starters, why don't you go visit the graveyards in Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen and Somalia?  Or, maybe you're right and the people in those countries have only benefited from a decade of bombings, secret prisons and torture. USA! USA! USA! 




 Dick Cheney is responsible for the destruction of hundreds of thousands of innocent lives across the globe...How's that? 




 The [ORB Study](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ORB_survey_of_Iraq_War_casualties). 




 I guess he's forgotten about the Iraq War he initiated that killed a million Iraqis.  Maybe the heart transplant has affected his memory. 




 A philosophy that could have reformed the GOP and the country. 




 Dream on. 




 Fucking Rand Paul.  He's trying to destroy everything his father built.   




 "Count **Me** Out".  Yes, like he was ever going to subject himself to any form of danger. 




 "Im a constitutional conservative. 




 He made it very clear that **he does not support legalization of drugs like marijuana** and that he supports traditional marriage, Sherman said. 




 He made it very clear that **he does not support legalization of drugs like marijuana** and that he supports traditional marriage, Sherman said. 




 **Straight libertarianism has nothing Christian about it**, said pastor Brad Sherman of the Solid Rock Christian Church in Coralville, Iowa, a participant in the Israel trip. 




 The two countries are also still squabbling over a separate agreement that would protect from prosecution a residual force of as many as **10,000 U.S. troops who would stay behind after the final withdrawal**.

"Final withdrawal" apparently means the U.S. will leave 10,000 armed troops in Afghanistan for at least another decade.  Bizarre. 




 Maybe he should have said [armored personnel carrier](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armoured_personnel_carrier), but the point was valid. 




 Such as? 




 Then you have better values than the average American. 




 In reality, permanent imprisonment is now totally consistent with American values. 




 But we're supposed to worship these guys, right? 




 "Were doing a lot more there on the ground than really is known..." 




 From Wikipedia: Keller was one of the leading supporters of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, explaining his backing for military action in his article 'The I-Can't-Believe-I'm-A-Hawk Club'. Two days after the invasion, Keller wrote the column 'Why Colin Powell Should Go' arguing for US Secretary of State's resignation because his strategy of diplomacy at the UN had failed. In contrast, Keller was much more sympathetic to Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz, describing him as the 'Sunshine Warrior'. 




 It's Obama's legacy now. 




 I guess we need to start another war... 




 I still post every death from every illegal war the U.S. is currently engaged in.  I'm generally downvoted by angry war-loving nationalists such as yourself so I'm not sure how that's "karma-whoring." 




 I guess mass killings are only acceptable when committed by U.S. forces. 




 Found the video here: http://www.nycaviation.com/2013/04/national-air-cargo-747-crash-at-bagram-afghanistan/#.UYA6O7HnamT 




 U.S. soldiers are dying to ensure good cell phone service? 




 Great comment.  Thanks. 




 Grow up.  You have the same vocabulary I had when I was thirteen years old. 



































































































 Obviously, God has been providing Mr. Jindal with extremely poor advice lately. 
























 08-08-2013:  [Retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis, who led U.S. Central Command for three years until March 2013, has joined the board of directors of General Dynamics](http://www.govconwire.com/2013/08/former-centcom-chief-james-mattis-joins-general-dynamics-board-of-directors/) 




 08-08-2013:  [Retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis, who led U.S. Central Command for three years until March 2013, has joined the board of directors of General Dynamics](http://www.govconwire.com/2013/08/former-centcom-chief-james-mattis-joins-general-dynamics-board-of-directors/) 




























































































































 "Chris was just one of many Navy SEAL snipers who were getting **huge numbers of kills**," Lechner said. "He was part of a large effort." 









 Who Helped Kill 1,626 People

I guess that makes him 10X the "hero" that Chris Kyle was... 




 For those of you who don't know, Gov. Hickenlooper [made his fortune in the liquor industry](http://www.wynkoop.com/brewery/). 




 Even if true, why would you admit to killing that many human beings?  What a barbaric political class we have. 




 Isn't that what [George W. Bush said](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2005/oct/07/iraq.usa) too? 




 "Here is the sum and substance, folks.  Chris Kyle killed bad guys so that good guys could live." 




 Then I won't be part of yours... 




 "[Chris] was not a hate-filled person. **He was just a man doing his job**. There were people who were going to kill his brothers **or Iraqi civilians**, and he had a choice to make."

His "job" was killing Iraqis, including civilians.  And she seriously compares her husband to Mother Theresa?

I havent noticed much of [the criticism], but I think that **even Mother Teresa can be criticized by somebody**, somewhere, doing it just wanting to spread their own hatred. 




 He sure has earned that Nobel Peace Prize... 




 When we elected Barack Obama. 




 I'm sure Obama will lead by example and stop his wars and drone attacks... 




 So you're denying that you are Gary (?), the guy who always wrote similar comments every time I posted a death notice of a soldier in Iraq? 




 Ahhh, my favorite troll.  It's been so long that I can't even remember your prior reddit IDs. 




 Rand Paul, Muslim hater.  He has to be deliberately trying to destroy Ron's legacy. 




 But I thought the wars were over? 




 French involvement in [2011 Libyan War](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_Libya)

French involvement in [current Syrian War](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_involvement_in_the_Syrian_Civil_War)

French involvement in [current war on ISIS](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/19/world/europe/leader-vows-french-role-in-airstrikes-on-isis-in-iraq.html?_r=0)

French involvement in [current wars in Mali and elsewhere in Africa](http://www.newsweek.com/2014/11/07/france-slowly-reclaiming-its-old-african-empire-280635.html)

When governments engage in mass murder around the globe, the victims or their sympathizers will inevitably retaliate against the perceived aggressor.  Even a self-described "conservative" should be able to understand that logic. 




 Why don't you listen to the entire video?  France has been subjected to terrorism for decades because of their policies in Algeria and elsewhere.  And, please, you're a self-identified "conservative," what do you know about anything?  The "fucking tard" is the guy you looked at this morning in the bathroom mirror.

BTW, France [did participate](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Op%C3%A9ration_Daguet) in a war against Iraq. 




 Morrison said Ramirez dropped his left hand to his side  out of the officers view  and **started to jiggle it up and down**.

I knew in that moment, which later was determined to be untrue, but I knew in that moment that he was reaching for a gun, Morrison said. I couldnt take that riskI wanted to see my son grow up.
 




 How can they not be trained after 14 years? 




 Note that he references the notorious RP hater James Kirchick. 




 In a Pattonesque way, Bernanke said he found dealing with the crisis incredibly stimulating because he was able to draw on a lifetime of academic study about the causes of the Great Depression and how to avoid another one. **I feel that the work I did as a academic paid off and that I was able to use that to help solved these problems,** he said. Thats very satisfying, though its not an experience I would voluntarily repeat. 




 "Warmongering is not only unproductive but it places the nation in the middle of a collision course between warring imperialist nations. If they badly want those bases, finance it out of their paychecks but not ours." 




 One of my favorite Presidents.

There are no, and never will be, any "good Presidents." 




 Right now, we only have one side of the story.  When I watched the video, I couldn't tell whether the guy was pointing a gun or just pointing.  I think we need to wait to see if what the police are saying is actually true before we accept their statements as fact. 




 Seems like we get a piece like this every year or so.  Of course, Bloomberg neglects to state that RP has been buying gold since it was $35/oz. 




 Never loses his humanity?

He turns out to be the best marksman in Iraq, serving four tours and becoming known as the most lethal sniper in American history, with **166 confirmed kills**. He is so unstoppable a killer that opposing Iraqi forces call him **The Devil of Ramadi** and offer a massive reward for his death. 




 And why didn't they add "mentally ill?"

**Hamilton had a history of paranoid schizophrenia**, and Milwaukee Police Chief Edward Flynn said in October that Manney violated policy in dealing with the mentally ill by instigating a physical confrontation with Hamilton and coming up behind him. 




 I could have sworn that Obama said there would be no grounds troops in Iraq.  Oh, that's right, he did:

[To The Troops](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQ5lm_H0NcY)

[To The Press](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wu9YqE3QZzc)

[To The American People](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3ME9sVjwQ4)

[From The White House](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mv8Gu3jmibQ)

[Before Boarding The Presidential Helicopter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JsGV5oFfnZc)


 




 I am not sorry that President Obama has ordered drone strikes on hundreds of terrorist suspects hiding in Pakistan, Yemen and other places. **I am not sorry he has done so despite the fact that the strikes inevitably have killed hundreds and perhaps thousands of their associates, many of whom were either innocent of wrongdoing or had committed no crime** deserving of death from 30,000 feet. This is the nature of war. 




 This is an original article from Salon.com; it's not rehosted content. 




 Wow, what a great comment.  I'm assuming you're a teenager, so I'll give you a pass this one time. 




 "Political sniping?"  Actually, I agree with you, both parties are equally culpable. 




 Oops.. 




 Nice comment.  Thanks! 




 Opening on Jesus's birthday.  I wonder who picked that date? 




 But Ron Paul is a decent man, his son is not. 




 I feel so sorry for Ron.  What a disgrace. 




 Great comment.  Thanks! 




  What do they do with our young people? They send them all around the world, getting involved in wars and telling them they have to have democratic elections, he told RT. But here at home, we dont have true Democracy. We have a monopoly of ideas that is controlled by the leaders of two parties. And they call it two parties, but its really one philosophy.  




 Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a federal law in 2013 that bans the propaganda of non-traditional sexual relations to minors," only a few months after the iPhone monument was installed. Putin has since argued that the law is not discriminatory and is intended only to keep children safe. 




 This is the actual headline: U.S.: "**Palestinian**-American minor killed by Israeli military"

Why add the qualifier?  Does that make it okay for the Israelis to kill a kid?
 




 Awesome comment.  Thanks! 




 "I would think shed be pretty average, pretty mediocre, pretty much for war," Paul added, when asked what kind of president he thought Clinton would be. "I dont think she would provide any change whatsoever in a positive sense." 




 U-S-A! U-S-A! U-S-A! 




 This appears to be an original story on Raw Story.  I don't understand why it was removed. 




 This was the best Ron Paul ad of 2011-2012. 




 Was his plan to destroy his father's legacy? 




 The United States is providing logistics and operational support, including hundreds of thousands of units of personal protective equipment, mobile labs, water treatment units, disinfectant, basic supplies and food assistance, he said. **If Congress approves the additional funding, it will bring the U.S. total commitment to over $250 million.** 




 Rand Paul is Satan.  What a murderous lunatic. 




 No offense, but I think that's the stupidest comment I have ever read on reddit. 




 I have issues with both. 




 What's he supposed to do?  How 'bout he stops killing men, women and children who have never, nor ever could, threaten The Homeland?  Do you even remember that Obama was first elected because the American people perceived him as the Peace Candidate?  Or, that he's a Nobel Peace Prize winner? 




 Red alert? 




 Says the fella who uses robots to kill women and children across the globe 




 The American government today conducts targeted killings outside of internationally recognized theaters of conflict against folks **believed to be** terrorists. I support that. 




 "We sincerely regret the loss of the lives and injury to innocent Afghan civilians caused by the insurgents in this tragic incident." NATO said in a statement to The Associated Press. 




 Behind the scenes, however, **the U.S. factories that produce Hellfire missiles began "working seven days a week in order to meet the need and push them out to Iraq,"** a senior administration official said. 




 Or, America will kill people to prevent people from possibly being killed. 




 I'd rather have him twiddling his thumbs than [killing Afghan children](http://news.antiwar.com/2014/08/06/us-led-airstrike-kills-afghan-civilians/), but hey, that's just me. 




 You try to help the people with their suffering, the doctor said recently in his Gaza City living room, lined with psychology textbooks. Its totally different when you have the same experience. You lose six from your family  three brothers, your mom, one of your nephews, your sister-in-law. Its really  he paused, red-eyed  unexpected. 




 What a frightening headline. 




 Paul's son, Sen. Rand Paul, has also been an outspoken critic of NSA surveillance but has stopped short of saying that Snowden deserves clemency, though he has publicly advocated a lighter sentence than life in prison. 




 The freshman Kentucky senator has long complained its an unfair knock, and **an unfair guilt by association situation with his father, former Rep. Ron Paul.**

But Mike says the senator is planning a high-profile pitch at the National Defense University this fall to address his critics, and attempt to reposition himself on the foreign policy spectrum.

Hes going to argue that hes smack in the middle - the same place that George H.W. Bush was, that Reagan was, and that Ike was, said Allen. 




 Wouldn't you love to be her husband? 




 Webbs latest allegations and the other new evidence in the matter could also have implications for the Texas governor, Rick Perry, a strong supporter of the death penalty and a possible Republican presidential candidate.

In 2004, Perry refused to temporarily stay Willinghams execution despite the report of a leading forensic expert that sharply disputed the finding of arson by a Texas deputy fire marshal. Perrys administration has also repeatedly undercut the authority of a state Forensic Science Commission, which agreed that the arson finding relied on flawed analysis. Defending his handling of the case in 2009, the governor declared that Willingham was a monster. 




 Bill Clinton was responsible for the death of [500,000 children](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4PgpbQfxgo) in Iraq.  Do you honestly believe that he gave a sh*t about 300 civilians in Afghanistan? 




 What's with these [major universities](http://yaledailynews.com/blog/2011/01/18/professor-mcchrystal/) hiring murderers and war criminals? 




 Great comment.  Thanks 




 So there are three factions?  The rebels, the government and the extremists? 




 Go to the Stasi headquarters museum.  You can visit Erich Mielke's office which looks exactly as it did in 1989. 




 "Sharpshooter?"  Is that kind of like a sniper? 




 Looks like the [American people after Obama killed Osama](http://img.thesun.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01302/celebration02_1302873a.jpg). 




 Killing people, on the other hand, is just peachy keen. 




 If Burma succeeds, the president told West Point cadets recently, **we will have gained a new partner without having fired a shot**. But two years after Obama made a historic visit to the Southeast Asian nation, the achievement is in jeopardy.

What a strange thing to sayWhat does he mean? 




 Check out the photo of Bales. 




 Or, alternatively, the eight Presidents who personally killed the most innocent people. 




 What a horrible person Rand Paul is.  How could you grow up in Ron Paul's house and be this misguided and evil? 




 "I think it is clear by now: Israel has shown remarkable restraint. It possesses a military with clear superiority over that of its Palestinian neighbors, yet it does not respond to threat after threat, provocation after provocation, with the type of force that would decisively end their conflict. But sometimes restraint can work against you. Sometimes you just have to say, enough is enough." 




 And her own parents narc'd on her:

Conley's parents contacted the FBI, telling them that their daughter's beliefs were far more extreme than they'd previously thought. Their daughter, they told the FBI, had started to hide her Internet activity, too. 




 Wow, what an insightful comment.  Thanks! 




 This modern man, Cheney, however needs no kingship, no ornate palaces, no personally-owned colony like the Congo; Cheney's writ is the world. It is all of humankind that Cheney would torture, enslave, murder, or plunder if it were required. And Cheney is the ultimate arbiter of whether it is required.

 




 The President's decision to send 300 advisers to Iraq is a good first step, but their ability to deter ISIS will be limited unless we eventually engage in airstrikes to target their leaders as well as the supply lines that they use to transfer weapons and fighters between Syria and Iraq.

I wonder who wrote this garbage for him? 




 Rep. J. Randy Forbes (R-VA) is the Chairman of the House Armed Services Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee and co-chair of the Congressional China Caucus. 




 I would stop talking about withdrawing from Afghanistan, Cheney said. We ought to stay in Afghanistan. We shouldnt be scaling back. 




 Rep. Andy Harris, Maryland Republican, sponsored the amendment and argued that marijuana use can negatively affect the brain development of children. 




 A war was created in Afghanistanthere was no war, there is no war, and I would never agree to be at war in my own country. I would never be a commander in chief fighting a war among my own people. No. I am happy I wasnt, and I will not be. 




 Why the hyphenated qualifier of "al Qaeda-American?"  Does this make it easier to justify the killing? 




 What about their "safe operating space" in Germany and the United States? 




 MARCO RUBIO: Well, if you look at what happened before 9/11, the reason why al Qaeda was able to carry out the 9/11 attacks is because they had a safe operating space in Afghanistan that the Taliban had given them. 




 Cheney says hes worried that as troops are withdrawing from Afghanistan the U.S. wont be able to stop terrorists from getting their hands on nuclear weapons in neighboring Pakistan. 




 But he still doesn't rule out military action: "And while **we may not completely rule out airstrikes**, there are many questions that need to be addressed first." 




 More than a decade  and $5 billion  later, here's the GTMO scorecard: eight convictions, one of them overturned by a civilian court; six others face trial; and 779 detainees have been transferred to other countries, including the five Taliban members recently traded for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. 




 Then why did you send them arms? 




 Except, apparently, Barack Obama. 




 Since ISIS seized Mosul, I've been getting asked a lot whether I feel as though our fight in Iraq "wasn't worth it" or whether I think my time there was "wasted."

I don't.

**I am a Marine and I would have gone anywhere my country sent me.** 




 Great comment.  Thanks.  I'm especially impressed with your use of the word "retards."  That alone proves that you're smarter than everyone else. 




 "They always said that Bush and Gitmo and Cheney were the greatest recruitment tools for Al-Qaeda.  Wrong.  It's Obama and his stand-down isolationist, appeasement view.  The perception of United States weakness is the greatest motivating factor they have."

 




 The President has a range of options. U.S. military and intelligence personnel can airdrop riverine craft into the Euphrates, or attempt to co-opt, cripple, and compromise adversary communication networks. 




 Tyler Cowen is a professor of economics at George Mason University. 




 Lindsey Graham, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said a U.S. partnership with longtime foe Iran makes him uncomfortable but likened it to the United States working with Soviet leader Josef Stalin in World War II against Adolf Hitler. He says the United States has to do what it can to keep Baghdad from falling to insurgents. 




 And while the Iraqi leadership deserves "much of the blame," a relatively small presence of American troops in Iraq would have been a wise choice to keep the fighting at bay. 




 How to kill people? 




 Baghdad is going to be overrun. The Green Zone is going down.
- U.S. intelligence official 




 Not a troll, just thought the headline was hilarious. 




 Please watch and then compare to what he's saying now about Afghanistan, Syria, etc. 




 I am not telling you they dont have the ability to go back and get involved [in the Afghan conflict], he said. But they also have an ability to get killed doing that. I dont think anybody should doubt the capacity of the United States of America to protect Americans. 




 **Over the course of its yearlong deployment, the platoon would lose none of its two dozen soldiers.** But their battalion lost men, and many soldiers have blamed the search for Sergeant Bergdahl for some of those deaths. 




 The reason is that **we put a value on individual human life the way that the barbarians on the other end of the table dont**, he said. And thats why we always end up with unequal swaps. 




 Defeated on the battlefield in two back-to-back wars, we can vent our frustrations on this sad, lonely and nearly-starved young man. 




 He's a fucking traitor

And you are a murder-advocating fool.  Go away. 




 Frankly, we dont give a shit why he left, one White House official said at the time. Hes an American soldier. We want to bring him home. 




 Frankly, we dont give a shit why he left, one White House official said at the time. Hes an American soldier. We want to bring him home. 




 My guess is that McCain has no idea who these detainees even are.  Sounds like talking points from his neo-con overseers. 




 A former American Special Operations officer said there was a broader lesson for any future Libya training mission: **The take-away here is theyre going to take a lot more adult supervision** to make sure the checks and balances are in place, so you dont have outside militia taking over. 




 Slater was reminded of his own vulnerability after an army fuel truck came rumbling down a highway ramp, crossed the median and rolled over a civilian hatchback. Dispatched to the scene to do the recovery work, the Marines found themselves completely exposed. The night was clear, the lights of Fallujah shone brightly in the distance, the moon was full and insurgents could easily pick them off with sniper fire or a bomb detonated on the road underneath. Meanwhile, the hatchback had been crushed to a height of inches, and **the Marines were tasked with extracting what was left of the Iraqi mother and child inside.** 




 Yeah, that was painful to watch.  I think he thought people would applaud when he said America would be in Afghanistan past 2014. 




 Watch the video.  He is so pathetic without his teleprompter. 




 You didn't answer my question. 




 So if I were smart, I would think like you? 




 You are a man of many reddit IDs. 




 Holder acknowledged the deaths of four U.S. citizens in drone strikes in Yemen, including Awlakis 16-year-old son, but said that only Awlaki had been a target. **The others were killed incidentally in strikes against other targets.** 




 "I took a helicopter ride from occupied territories across ... and just felt, personally, how extraordinary that was to understand the military risk that Israel faces every day," Christie said. 




 I have a son getting ready to enter the Navy this month and people often ask me: "Are you OK with him entering such a dangerous profession?" For me the answer is easy: I am honored and humbled by his eagerness to defend his country and stand up for the democratic principles of the Constitution. 




 I wonder if he mourns the million people he killed in Iraq... 




 I wouldnt be waiting for some kind of permission from some guy named Goodluck Jonathan, he added, referring to the president of Nigeria. 




 Great comment.  Thanks 




 **Al Qaeda still seeks weapons of mass destruction. If acquired, they will immediately deploy them to try and mass murder American civilians.** This underscores the overriding importance of supporting a continuing U.S. military presence in Afghanistan past 2014  one that will guarantee our ability to crush Al Qaeda central. 




 There is no such thing as a "good" politician. 




 Written by Ron Paul hater James Kirchchick. 




 Yemen has become among the least permissive environments for U.S. officials in recent years. American military and intelligence personnel have played a crucial role in counter terrorism efforts in Yemen, regularly striking suspected militants with drones, and providing support to the countrys fledgling security forces. 




 What if the girls were Swedish?  Would she make the same statement and send Special Ops and the FBI into Sweden to rescue them? 




 "Dancing" at "Club Naked?"  Is that the latest euphemism for visiting a prostitute? 




 Rick Santorum is the perfect face for the GOP. 




 What a strange headline:

1.  U.S. "officers" rather than "Special Ops Commando" and "CIA agent."

2.  "Armed Civilians." Why not use the usual "terrorists," "insurgents" or "rebels?"

It just seems to me that that headline was written by someone who is interested in developing a certain storyline. Or, maybe it's just a really bad headline... 




 If you're Rand Paul's campaign manager, you may want to ditch the hipster sunglasses. 




 Please watch the video. 




 Can you imagine Ron Paul doing this? 




 In her statement, Rice defended her record, saying that she was honored to serve her country and that she had "defended America's belief in free speech and the exchange of ideas." But she said she didnt want to detract from the spirit of the commencement ceremony. 




 In her statement, Rice defended her record, saying that she was honored to serve her country and that she had "defended America's belief in free speech and the exchange of ideas." But she said she didnt want to detract from the spirit of the commencement ceremony. 




 U.S. taxpayers have spent $7.5 billion over the past 12 years on counternarcotics efforts inside Afghanistan, but the withdrawal of troops has prompted a massive surge in the drug trade, Americas top watchdog inside the country warned in a report Wednesday. 




 A glass door was smashed at VIP Cannabis, 2949 W. Alameda Ave. in Denver. Video from a television news helicopter showed agents dressed in marked DEA clothing had worked to open two safes at the shop. The store, which is operated by Gerardo and Luis Uribe, has a "closed for remodeling" sign in the front window. 




 He died in "Baraki Barak" district.  How appropriate. 




 Just out of curiosity, who are "you guys?" 




 Spoken like a true winner of the Nobel Peace Prize. 




 Palin went on to criticize politicians that have spoken out in favor of cutting military benefits and **those who break bread with those who think it makes no difference how our military heroes died in Benghazi or anywhere else trying to protect America**, a possible swipe at Hillary Clinton, who made a similar statement about the Benghazi attacks as secretary of State.

The guys who died in Benghazi were "trying to protect America?"  Huh? 




 Remember, [this is the guy](http://img.rt.com/files/news/1f/51/e0/00/bradley-manning.si.jpg) your government told you to be afraid of. 




 Congratulations Gary.  I've never seen your name on the front page before.  train_subject64 




 Egyptian extremists threaten America's security?  Seriously? 




 Egyptian extremists threaten America's security?  Seriously? 




 We stand very committed to our customer, as well as our employees, and will be diligent in our actions to be aligned with the current defense business environment, Uris said.  




 I deleted the post.  You guys have always been fair and I appreciate that.  Thanks, Steve 




 Sorry, I just wanted to highlight the quote to show that Israeli influence over U.S. foreign policy was recognized even shortly after the creation of Israel.  And to point out that Dulles was probably an anti-Semite and not worthy of having an airport named after him. 


































































































































































































 The coup in Yemen and the deteriorating security situation in Sanaa are particularly concerning because they will hinder the United States campaign against al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.), the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said Wednesday in a written statement. **AQAP is a direct threat to the U.S. homeland that we must continue to hunt down with unrelenting persistence.** 



































































































 So no one conflates Ron Paul with Rand Paul. 


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Maybe Mr. Kyle should have his own federal holiday, like Martin Luther King. 














 He had the guts to stand up and defend this country, Abbott, a Republican governor, told Fox News on Monday. 









 General Charles F. Wald (USAF, Ret.) serves as Vice Chairman, Federal Practice Senior Advisor, Deloitte Services, LP. He is responsible for providing senior leadership in strategy and relationships with the US Department of Defense. General Wald retired from the US Air Force as a four star general and is a subject matter **specialist in weapons procurement** and deployment, counterterrorism, and international energy security policy. 







































 I wouldn't rule out anything, Walker said. When you have the lives of Americans at stake ... we have to be prepared to do things that don't allow those measures, those attacks, those abuses **to come to our shores**." 














 McCain said Kissinger is the greatest statesman of his lifetime, maybe even "the whole 20th century." 















































































 What's "reedit"? 















































































 Warning:  Gag-inducing 





























