 Have used Textra since a few days after getting my phone; haven't seen any drain issues from it...? 




 For $18,000 should you steer clear of a salvage vehicle?  Uh, yes. 




 Everyone falls off the wagon.  We get sick, we get hurt, we get tired of eating healthy, tired of working out.  That's natural when you're making a life change.  Humans are resistant to change.  It's in our nature.  But you can get past it - heck, you've already lost 20 lbs.  Most people don't get that far.  Just keep your chin up and keep your goal in sight.  It may take some time - believe me, I know.  But you can do it.  We all know you can.

http://i.imgur.com/t7T5R5t.jpg 




 Turned into this as the night went on...

http://www.democraticunderground.com/10025434750
 




 Was up there a few weekends ago.  Went to Matchbox (deep fried garlic cheese bread?  Yes please!) for dinner, stayed for the protest in front of the Verizon Center.

http://imgur.com/hdSyJUp 




 If I toss my phone in a baggie (walking with threat of rain) this happens to me as well. 




 Bigger corner, more material = greater energy absorption, or same energy taking longer to be absorbed, so yes, drop protection.  It's called physics.  The more you know... 




 Manual, grinding when shifting. 




 This is the battery you take with you camping for the weekend, hiking, long flights with movies....when you're going to be away from a charger for a long time.  It's not something for daily pocket use. 




 Drop protection.  Next question? 




 Another vote for 3D Maxpider... 




 So how do you like living in your new tiny house?

http://i.imgur.com/qPM524J.jpg

http://www.fyi.tv/shows/tiny-house-nation/videos/touring-the-perfect-prairie-cottage 




 According to the Anandtech review, they do not.  Also, given how much noise Motorola is making about their support, the fact that LG says nothing about it is pretty telling.

http://www.anandtech.com/show/8169/the-lg-g3-review/3

"However, this can be explained by the change to charging protocol, as it seems that the G3 doesn't support Qualcomm's Quick Charge technology. Instead, signalling is done over BC 1.2. As we'll see later in the article, this is due to the charger chip used."

"It's also a bit interesting to see that a TI BQ24296 charger chip is used instead of a Qualcomm solution, which means that the Quick Charge protocol isn't supported. It seems that signalling is done via BC 1.2." 




 I've been there.  I've also stood on the elevator.  My boss said I did not become invisible.  I was dissapoint.  (I do some work with BAE out of Glascoed) 




 Some say he only eats cheese from Luna and that on weekends, you can find him trying to do the Kessel run in under 12 parsecs.  All we know is, he's called Space Stig.

http://i.imgur.com/fxzDuzT.jpg 




 So I guess the Mistral Coast is a swanky place to live these days. 




 It's not worth $30K; that's what you paid for it.  There's a huge difference.  KBB says a 2013 BRZ with 10,000 miles is worth, in excellent condition, for a private party sale, up to $21,999.  When you're right on top of 50% value in damage/repair costs, that's when they tend to total...For your sake, I hope they don't. 




 Been referred to as nannies at least 10 years now (first I heard the term was in my GTO group in 2004 - when I was new to RWD cars). 




 If the quote is that high for repair, insurance may total it.  Hope you bought GAP insurance because you may otherwise find yourself without a car. 




 Your female picture is my ex from 2010-2012.  Disturbing. 




 Me too.  Had the best FR-S rate for me of several companies.  I have 2 cars with them.  GEICO is Gov Employee Insurance Co. so keep that in mind if you're a fed. 




 So take 35% off your gross and you'll have a decent estimate of your take home.  At $40k you're bringing home about $2200 a month. 




 I'm still trying to decide if I want to buy winter tires or not.  There was only a total of about a week this past winter where roads were bad and on those days our offices were closed w/telework.  Thinking I might just get some decent all seasons and take advantage of the closures or worst case have my g/f drop me off.  Already have 3D matrix floormats.  Planning on picking up some Rally Armor UR mudflaps as well. 




 I clicked on the "load more comments" hoping against hope this would be hiding there., You delivered.  Good show, old chap. 




 Here's the thread where Grimmspeed talks about how they designed their intake and how all the other intakes out there at the time:

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=50492 




 Depends on the CAI.  Grimmspeed did exhaustive testing, showed what works and what doesn't. Documented here and in threads linked from here:

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=50492 




 Any tune can potentially void your warranty but in the US you're protected by the Magnusson-Moss Warranty Act, which puts the burden of proof that your mods caused a problem on the car manufacturer.  You do have to be willing to fight though, because they'll always look for the easy way out. 




 Finally, someone else who understands! 




 If you have ready access to E85 use that instead of the Crawford BPBs. 




 No, OFT is fully removable and doesn't leave any flags behind like ECUTek. 




 You should start the lugnuts by hand using the socket before attaching it to the wrench.  It sounds like you might've cross-threaded the lugnuts especially how you described the nut getting stuck.

Also, never use a torque wrench to remove things, no matter what mode you have it set to.  That's what breaker bars are for, and they're cheap. 




 That's cute, dear.  I've been on the Internet for 25 years, since my dad brought home a 1200 baud modem from work.  I'm used to it.

Performance modifications are not now, nor have they ever been, rice.  Jackass arguing with me has a problem with me removing weight from my vehicle for some reason.  Weight reduction can be both the cheapest and also most expensive ways to increase performance.  That I make my car to suit me and don't intend to race it doesn't make it rice.  It just means I'm not interested in racing my car.

The definition of tchotchke is "a small object that is decorative rather than strictly functional; a trinket.".  My statement was not an insult, it was a statement of fact.  "Blew" is a colloquialism for "spent" as you must be well aware.  I can even use it in a sentence: "OP blew all his money on tchotchkes".  Translation: "OP spent all his money on decorative items".  See how that works?

You may believe the way I phrased it was insulting, but that's just jumping to conclusions without thinking about the meaning of what I wrote.  Telling me I have no friends, drive a rice car and will get tickets is nothing BUT insulting, as there is no factual basis for any of those statements. 




 If you're buying it from a US carrier, there still hasn't been a single update.  But all the US versions can be rooted so that helps for optimization. 




 Yes, it blinks.  Does it even in a base FR-S. 




 What part of THE BACKSEAT IS SMALL AND I DON'T USE IT AND IT'S MY CAR don't you f'ing get??????? 




 Where have you found to mount one of these in an 86?  I tried it, but found it very unstable.  Certainly not the performance I was looking for in something that cost $30. 




 Moving magnetic fields are how things get screwed up.  There are tons of magnets around you every day and your credit cards and phone don't get wiped out.  High voltage lines generate huge magnetic fields and they don't kill your car when you drive under them.  I've been using a magnet mount with an iPhone 5S and now an LG G3 in my FRS for 5 months now, without any issues whatsoever.  They do test these things, you know.  Also, yes, I'm fully qualified to make the statements herein as I am a degreed electrical engineer. 




 Salesmen, even if they're your best friend, are still salesmen.  They have their soul extracted when they're hired, along with their sense of decency.  I have personally witnessed this with "friends" twice in the last few years.  They stop being people.  I wouldn't trust a car salesperson any further than I can throw one.  :D 




 Do you REEEEEEAAAALLLLY think that all of these are automatics?

http://i.imgur.com/V6LA9ti.jpg

Hint: no.

Where'd I get the pick?  FT86club.  Port in Japan packing these suckers out a couple of weeks ago.  http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showpost.php?p=1914420 postcount=477 




 I'm going to offer up a different mount solution, more available (Staples carries them, so do some Walmarts, but always Staples) and less expensive, and finally, easier to install:

http://www.scosche.com/magicmount

I have one permanently mounted right next to the radio on the passenger side (fully on the radio surround - it's about 1/4" wider than the sticky base, fits perfectly) and a second removable suction cup one that I use on travel and also with my OpenFlash Tuner. 




 You've obviously never read @Anthony's weight loss thread on ft86club if you think this is someone going nuts.

You're quite the rude little shit behind a keyboard, aren't you?

And no, weight reduction is not rice, no matter what you may think.  Weight reduction leads to reduced wear and tear, improved performance and improved fuel mileage.  None of those are a bad thing.  Spending $400 on purely cosmetic items, on the other hand, is pretty much the textbook definition of rice. 




 Are you kidding me with this nonsense?  Even without a muffler, the car is below limits.  My stock CBR1000RR motorcycle is louder.

Many cars come without spares.  Our Hyundai Sonata, for example, came with a flat repair kit.  So does the Porsche Boxster, Cayman, Corvette, Chevrolet SS...I carry a 2 lb flat repair kit I chose based on Amazon reviews, and roadside assistance coverage, which comes with the car if you weren't aware.  http://www.scion.com/promotions/serviceboost/

Also, do you really think someone you force to ride in the backseat of your FRS will still be your friend once they get out of the car?  I would never put an adult back there.  We have other vehicles when we  want people to ride places with us.  The rest of the time. the blonde in my  passenger seat is the only "friend" I need.

I don't autoX so if that's what you'd rather spend your money on, more power to  you, but don't insult my choices just because they're different than your own. 




 That may be true for you but other people use their cars for different purposes, and no one will ever sit in my back seat, so why not save the weight?  Also, the delete kit still provides separation from the trunk.  It's not just removal of the seat and that's it.  There are carpeted panels to make it look nice.  And Seibon has a CF delete that looks really sharp if you have a few grand burning a hole in your pocket.

Muffler delete, 25 lbs, lithium battery, 26 lbs, spare tire and tools, 25 lbs, rear seat delete, 27 lbs IIRC...Things begin to add up pretty quick.

Lightweight flywheel, 10-12 lbs, AL or CF driveshaft, 12 lbs, wheels, lightest I've seen will lose about 6 lbs of rotating mass per wheel, crank pulley, 4 lbs (apparently not good if you have done a flywheel), brakes 5 lbs per corner.   




 http://www.rearseatdelete.com/FRS-BRZ.html

This company has made them for various vehicles for years.  Plastic, covered in carpet, with sound deadening.  $380 shipped in the US. 




 OFT can also be used by a tuner to generate a custom tune.  Same process as ecutek. 




 Ok so I searched Japanparts.com and found everything except the STi logo thing.  Works out to about $400 before shipping.  Start button, $137.  Oil filter, $30.  Key cover, $43.  Battery hold down, $80.  Oil cap, $83. Radiator cap, $40.

So basically, OP could've bought an OpenFlash Tuner, an intake, a lightweight battery, a rear seat delete, i.e. something that would increase performance, for the amount of money he blew on these little tchotchkies.   




 Flying back to DC in the morning...looking for something to pass the time in the evening.  Thanks!

Flying Thursday morning that is. 




 You used a PAPER TOWEL on your paint???  Are you mad!?  I'll bet you rubbed in a circle too.  Oh, the huge manatee!  Never, never use paper towel.  You, without realizing it, have scratched the absolute shit out of that spot on your ride now.

Also, it's "rest assured".  And "ffffuuuuuuuuu..."  And "who could HAVE done it..." :D 




 So this is what it's come to.  Db is the new Rickroll. 




 Didn't have a floppy drive?  Are you 5?  Isn't Titanfall rated PEGI-16 or "M for Mature" or something?  Where are your parents??  Or, is it just that your first "computer" was an Xbox? :D

Very concerned now given your posting history...

Or, is it just that you don't realize 3.5" diskettes were also colloquially referred to as floppies also? 




 OpenFlash is $645 or $535 if you already have the OFT...But they also tend to have a long wait.  I'd do whichever you can find in stock.

Personally though, EL all the way for me. 




 Wondering the same.  I caught a bunch of hell for making a similar comment in a past thread.  Personally...not a fan of unicorns, ponies...Don't know WTF this has to do with our community. 




 Good work.  Sleep well.  I'll most likely kill you in the morning. 




 Oh, cool, never even heard of Jackson Racing.  However, I looked both up on the CARB site and neither are ok (yet) for 2015 vehicles, so something to keep in mind. 




 OP is not in a CARB area - he posted a thread about Wawa gas.  They aren't in CA.  Also, I believe Innovate is the only kit out there that has a CARB option.  Finally, turbos affect mileage as well.  It's not free horsepower.  Common misconception. 




 ...IF E85 is available nearby.  For me it's over 100 mi to the nearest station. 




 I have a torn meniscus and arthritis in my left knee but I purchased the manual.  This is my first manual.  Passed 4000 miles over the weekend, 17 weeks in.  Driven in DC traffic quite a bit and my knee doesn't bother me.  I'd say the clutch is light but it is only holding 160ish lb-ft of torque.  Haven't wintered in it but plenty of Canadians over on ft86club that have...just need proper winter tires.  A car like this, I'd buy new.  They're likely to be modded, being a niche/enthusiast vehicle.  I'm actually leasing mine but that's because, on average, I don't keep vehicles longer than a year or two. 




 Erm...he says the deal breaker is the concern of someone reading his password as he enters it...I guess I don't understand that issue.  My password only shows up as dots and my entry keypad is randomized (obviously a randomized entry screen wouldn't work for,a,blind person without a haptic screen).  But honestly, we're worried about reading a password over a shoulder?  Really?  Is it only one character?  I can't believe this is a thing... 




 https://www.subarugenuineparts.com/index.php

Everyone on ft86club.com prefers this joint.  Interior parts for the Scion and Subaru are largely the same. 




 Yes, installed, super laggy, removed. 




 I think OP was talking about the relocator that mounts in the front tow hook location, not just the $2 plastic frame. 




 Man it absolutely drives me nuts that the phone is commanded to play music on connection.  There should be a way to disable that.  Either in the headunit or in my phone, but there's not.  My girlfriend's Hyundai doesn't do it. 




 Hey you're featured on Driveway Labs' Facebook page awesome :) 




 Welcome.  Treat her with respect and she'll do the same. 




 The SR-71 display at Pima Air and Space Museum in Tucson AZ is much more impressive than in DC.  You ca touch the plane, it has an interactive display, you can get much closer...DC is fine for commercial aviation but for military Pima blows it away.  I'm lucky enough to live near DC and travel frequently to Tucson for work. 




 Already have an OFT? 




 Which Fumoto did you go with?  Nipple, no nipple or short nipple w/ plastic insert?  After my free maintenance is over I'm planning on a Stahlbus as I have one on my bike. 




 I am.  My first shift knob being this is my first manual car.  Wish I didn't have to wait a month though.  In that time I'll probably get a set of winter wheels and tires ordered up. 




 I understand except that you're talking about a mechanical system.  It can't rotate at whatever RPM it wants.  At 40 MPH the engine is going a certain speed, the torque converter is going a ratio of that speed, the transmission input and output shafts are going at their ratio speeds, the driveshaft, differential, axles, wheels... It's not magic.  The link I posted in my response this morning has the graphs.  Also at WOT the torque converter is not locked up so it's not as efficient as a manual clutch at transferring energy from the engine to the wheels. 




 No, I understood you were talking a specific speed range.  In an MT 40 - 60 MPH can be accomplished without shifting.  I can't see how an auto would be faster as it would be operating at lower revs at 40 so would not be making as much power?  This is assuming both cars start in 2nd gear. 




 Anarchy Motive Mammoth shift knob in rough red from the FT86club groupbuy that ended yesterday.  Will be about a month though as they're being made in a single batch.

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=71435 




 Proof?  Or is that just like, your opinion, man?

Stock redline, may be so.  Once tuned, not even close.  OpenFlash Tablet, for example, raises redline to 7600 so it's only a single shift to 60 in the manual.  Stock, 60 is right at redline.

http://www.dragtimes.com/2013-Scion-FR-S-gear-ratios-top-speed-47.html 




 The 86 is my first manual vehicle.  It was the first manual vehicle I've ever even driven.  The first time I drove it was after I signed the papers.  (I'd driven the auto of course but not the manual).

I drive it in DC.  The clutch is pretty light.  I have a messed up left knee and sometimes it causes me pain after driving for long periods of time in traffic but it's worth it, honestly.

Also, the auto's rearend is geared up from the manual (numerically lower) - it'll get better gas mileage but it will always be slower. 




 Amazon 




 Looks good.

Question though, why does your bumper seem so much darker than your hood? 




 I have the 3D Maxpider Kagu floormats.  Similar to the WTs but a (as I understand it) thicker material (helps keep that stepping on plastic tap tap tap sound down) and they were also significantly cheaper ($40 when I got them a few months ago).

Pic from my build thread: http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v698/train_subject5569/FRS/IMG_4014_zps5cba4f43.jpg 




 Also 6' and no problems.  Girth will be a bigger problem than height.  If you're much over a 38" waist you may feel constricted too much by the shape of the seat. 














 Life, uh, finds a way.  You two are evidence of that.  Congrats on the wedding! 




 I've not encountered any sibling rivalry amongst my fellow Twin owners.  Pretty stupid given it's springs and a bumper that make the difference. 




 There are tons of Canadians on FT86Club who DD their vehicles through the winter.  They often talk about Nokian Hakkapapaletta (spelling...I could never spell the Greenland volcano correctly either) tires and/or Michelin XIce2 (3's are often stated as not as good).  Also, weight in the trunk - toolboxes with a sandbag each over each rear wheel for example. 




 OP asked about an intake and an exhaust.  My statement was a list of intake and exhaust parts.

Neither an OFT nor an OFH are an intake.  Even the OFT folks recommend replacing the intake pipe.  Also, OP said he was on a tight budget.  $300 (pipe, filter, muffler delete) vs. $1K is a pretty huge difference.  And that $300 will change the character of the car significantly.

I'm not saying that OFT+OFH isn't worth it - they absolutely are.  However, I was trying to keep my recommendation as low in $ as possible while answering both parts of the OP's question.

Also, not everyone has access to E85.  Where I lived in California and where I now live in Maryland, there is not a single E85 station within an hour's drive.  Kinda hard to use it when it takes a third of a tank or more just to go get it. 




 If you insist...

http://www.nigel-jdmparts.com/toyota-86-frameless-mirror

http://www.ft86speedfactory.com/high-output-drl-fog-light-bezels-frs-1683.html 




 Any reason why the mirror costs more than new and the LED DRLs are same price as new? 




 Ah, not so.  They can do one other thing - reduce weight.  Or gain it. But a single Berk track pipe like I run knocks 25lbs off the rear end. 




 Biggest gains at lowest price are simple: Silicone MAF pipe (Mishimoto, Perrin, Supertek....), panel filter (Perrin, aFe, K N...) and a single exhaust muffler delete track pipe (Berk, Nameless...).  And then as others have suggested go grab an Open Flash Tablet as well. 




 You're correct.  Multiple references on ft86club.

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showpost.php?p=1015117 postcount=51 




 I responded.  Need to bump this every now and again.  I'm new since the last time. 




 Must be where you live as they are not at all hard to come by here in MD.  Local dealer had three of them sitting on the lot at the same time, and a leftover 10 Series.  I see them on the road quite often. 




 Dude, this is 2014.  It's easy to measure - they do it by sending a laser across the road and seeing how your emissions "cloud" affects the received energy.  A few quick links...this has been around a while.  And it's not just in CA, but typically CA and NY are the most strict with this sort of thing.

http://www.smogtips.com/remote_sensing.cfm

http://www.talonclub.com/forum/showthread.php?12292-Roadside-Sniffer-may-be-hosed s=85769418533926c1a46ed2a0eafada48

http://articles.latimes.com/1996-12-07/local/me-6547_1_remote-sensors 




 California lives by very strict rules.  They will not allow you to move the cat at all.  Not by a micron.  And, within the first 50000 miles the cat if damaged has to be replaced by an identical OE part.  Also, at least in Southern California, they actually have roadside sniffers.  So yes, you don't need a smog check for the first six years of a brand new car's life, but if you get caught doing something naughty by a sniffer, well, ouch. 




 I have a tire repair kit/inflator and a toolbox with a Shorai lithium battery charger and TCW3 2T Oil (with which I was trying to quell the crickets).  Both are velcro'd in place with industrial velcro inside the spare tire area (spare and tools were removed).

P.S. The hard side of velcro sticks to the trunk liner so if you have small things in your trunk just attach a little square and it'll stay put (adheres well enough to hang from the trunk lid liner on the BRZ in fact - I added the kit to my FR-S). 




 That's not even possible since the stock exhaust manifold has a cat in it. 




 DO NOT BUY AN EXTENDED WARRANTY.  If you're financing, try to get a preapproval from your own lender.  Terms could be much better. 




 Negative. 




 I had a brand new 2004 GTO at age 24 in 2004.  A degree, a not-overpriced education and a decent job do wonders.  Now I just bought two new cars in April, one for me and one for my girlfriend.  And I have a motorcycle.  And a house.  And I make more than double what I did back then.  Being good at something has its perks. 




 How about a 180?  LOL 




 I use Tasker and Secure Settings based on either connection to either of my home wifi networks or connection to either of our two cars' Bluetooths.  Tutorial to set it up on Youtube, piece of cake.  Believe it's Tasker 101 Lesson 16A. 




 This is how phones usually come.  It's marketing - when you turn on the camera app for the first time and it doesn't fill the whole screen, you might think something is wrong / be less impressed.  So they set the widescreen resolution by default. 




 Seriously????  Do you even Internet?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JR3N9aHIKCc

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-lLz9wTRc8 




 Just got a promotional e-mail from GreenManGaming.com.  Season pass for the PC is $5 with coupon code 3XKE26-CK4R1G-JZY8M6 until 4PM UTC Monday, 17 March 2014.  AND they have either $2 cash back or $4 GMG bucks after purchase for later use.  So an even better deal.  Link direct to the season pass:

http://www.greenmangaming.com/s/us/en/pc/games/shooter/titanfall-season-pass-na/?emst=gpqdg5iEiz_251520_379058_515 
























 It's the one that looks like a grid of white squares, and it should be on the screen by default.  And it's called the App Drawer.  This ain't iOS. 




 And just what OS do you think your G3 showed up with then?  4.4.x is KitKat, G3 shipped with 4.4.2...? 




 I don't remember if it was specifically a Halloween ep but the zombie episode of "Valerie's Family" aka "The Hogan Family"...I was 7.  It will forever haunt me lol.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mh9FP_9eskw t=5m30s 




 I still watch Garfield's Halloween Adventure and It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown! every Halloween.  Those always made the season for me. (I'm 34...when I was a kid I taped Garfield over a copy of Dirty Harry...good old VCR technology.) 




 Monty Python but not Khan.  Someone needs to revoke your nerd card. 




 Last I checked most everyone shows up with parents.  Rich Corinthian Leather was a meme before memes were memes...I've heard about that my entire life.  And if you can't identify RM as Khan from Star Trek 2 (note: NOT Star Trek Into Darkness)...I just don't even know. 




 Oh. My. Gawd.  This interaction on Reddit with the very young, I often find it quite disturbing.  Do yourself a favor and look it up, I'm sure the video is on YouTube.  Also, Khan. 




 Um...huh?  Dude, Ricardo Montalban. 




 Do not turn off traction control in the wet, and also while you're learning to shift. 




 Now find me one fitted with rich Corinthian leather. 




 Not beautiful?  WTH is wrong with you? 




 I love The Ninth Gate, it's one of my faves 




 HTC really needs a win here. 




 Peasants are everywhere, even on Android ;) #justmasterracethings... 




 Might be available eventually, or reps, but they only just announced the thing in the past twoish weeks... 




 My group of friends coined the term "fruit fly" in uni - "hag" had too negative a connotation for us.  :) 




 I was all set to trade my G3 for a Note 4 in the coming weeks but yesterday the G3's bootloader was unlocked so it could become a development hotspot given it's one of the highest powered unlocked devices.  Something to think about if you're into making your device your own. 




 15 years ago my school had no such question.  I wonder if they do today?  My first roommate asked me if I was gay, told him no.  Probably didn't know what to think when I ended up the President of the school's LGBTQ association "Gays and Friends". 




 Try this thread over on XDA 

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2880768 




 It may be possible to restore to stock by flashing a .kdz or .tot using LG Flash Tool but I'm not sure.  Technically they can refuse warranty service on your phone once it's been rooted, let alone had the bootloader unlocked. 




 No idea...

https://www.reddit.com/r/LGG3/comments/2ittfe/lg_g3_unlock_is_finally_here_for_all_variants_of/cl5szx1 




 And yet, it happened. 




 I posted the same over on XDA earlier today - good find :) 




 We'll get an unofficial CM first probably and official support probably eventually, few months I'd guess. 




 The frickin laser will be gone in AOSP. 




 It is.  Folks who say otherwise have problems with reading comprehension.  The devs have been very clear. 




 Music has never been particularly important to me and now that I don't reallysten in the car anymore.  I am actually getting ready to pull my stereo and speakers out of my car altogether because it just means nothing to me.  I'd rather have the weight savings. 




 Frankly things like this make it too easy...folks should have some expertise to know what they're doing.  Someone in a different thread bricked their device using Flashify because they had no clue what they were doing.  Three adb commands is really not a big deal at all people.  How are you going to fix your phone if you have no idea what these mods actually do to it? 




 I don't listen to music when I want to calm down.  EDM or hard rock are it for me. 




 Personally I recommend Tapatalk but it costs and if you don't visit lots of forums it's not worthwhile.

XDA App: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.quoord.tapatalkxda.activity hl=en 




 Unfortunately the only way is to spend some time learning.  A lot of how-tos from here:

http://lmgtfy.com/?q=adb+how+to

http://forum.xda-developers.com/lg-g3/general/guide-connecting-lg-g3-to-linux-adb-aka-t2821673

http://forum.xda-developers.com/verizon-lg-g3/help/vzw-g3-detected-adb-t2819713 




 FOLKS W 64GB SDCARDS - KNOWN ISSUE.  Only fix is to reformat to fat32 for the time being.

Permalink: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=55944771 postcount=106 




 Does your device pingback if its plugged in and you run adb devices?  If not it's not correctly installed yet.  Try a different LG driver pack - there are several on XDA. 




 There was no reason for a huge dev community when it only supported a single device on one of the US' smaller networks.  It'll pick up. 




 Use Tapatalk or the XDA app. 




 You should really learn how to use adb if you want to mod your device - it's very easy to screw things up, and then you'll just be here or on XDA asking for more help. 




 Dude, so you used a shortcut method and it didn't work?  Should've followed the directions.  That's why they're there... 




 It will not see a 64GB card or larger without using a tool to format as fat32 - not a bug; it's a limitation of TWRP. 




 It says right in the dev's video that it's a true unlock, not a workaround.  ROMs always have to be custom made for the device they're going on - that's nothing new.  




 "Auto focus"??  Seriously, in 2014, an aftermarket case needs to talk up a feature of a phone camera, one that most any phone camera has?  Odd. 




 http://www.scion.com/cars/release_series/FRSRS1/

Because apparently some people aren't aware... ;) 




 Anything's possible.  Could always flash back to stock. 




 Started in physics as that was what interested me a great deal in HS.  First roommate was an EE and I took an intro class for fun, liked it, and that became my major.  I also did significant outside major work in law, business and psychology.  Took the GMATs but ended up getting an engineering job and that's what I've been doing since in varying capacities.  But I wouldn't say my major was strongly tied to the specific work I've done the past 11 years.

Maybe think about what you want to do for work and see what folks recommend? 




 I have a 64GB Pro card currently in my G3.  Compared to a class 4 32GB Sandisk I used in my truck just as music storage, it is lightning fast.  And the phone in speed tests could tell the difference.  As far as a tangible benefit though, not sure.  I was just thrilled to get it for only $70 back in July @ BB via an Amazon pricematch. 




 Try this - you can use the wrench icon after tapping the screen to manage the AGPS state such as downloading new data and resetting the GPS., It can take as long as 15 minutes to get a good lock if you haven't had one in a while so plug into a wall adapter and let it rip.  If you still get nothing, check out where you purchased for some warranty service. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.eclipsim.gpsstatus2 hl=en 




 No, not actually, but whatever.  The poster specifically mentions crickets and the HPFP, i.e. the same squeaking sound most folks also refer to as crickets.  NOT the sound of injection events. 




 Erm...The crickets sound originates from the high pressure fuel pump, part of the direct injection system.  That's very well known.   




 Right around where my lil bro's fiancee lives.  Nice.  We all grew up in Fremont.

If you can find a group of people with whom you share interests and, better, proclivities (i.e. what is and is not rice), all the better. 




 34...Male...Closest representation to my belief system is libertarian, which is barely second string in the US, and that doesn't really cut it.  I'm for: guns, marriage equality, choice (abortion), vehicle modifications, motorcycle lane sharing, reduced law enforcement, separation of church and state, preventing religious organizations from free use of public facilities, preventing religious organizations from operating tax free, preventing businesses from offshoring their tax burdens, against unions, against vehicle mileage taxes...Those are probably the things I care most about 




 Still on the stock head unit.  Really?? 




 So is every G3 user on Verizon.  Deal with it. 




 And what do you do when the demographic you want isn't in the mainstream?  Oh, that's right, not a damn thing. 




 I used to.  I voted for the first time in 1998.  Things didn't go how I voted.  They never have any time since then either.  When I moved last year across the country, I did not register to vote.  I am what you call a disenfranchised voter.  I do not feel like I am able to be represented by the election process as it exists in the US today, so I no longer participate. 




 No, never.  Grandmother lost to cancer, smoker.  Dad nearly lost to heart disease, cancer.  Other grandfather lost to cancer, smoker and alcoholic.

Also, addiction is giving up control to something outside myself, which I just won't/can't do. 




 Mine is always telling me to smile.  I put up a pic of Grumpy Cat that says "I AM smiling" and I colored it the "am" with a highlighter. 




 No.  Nothing is so important to me that I need to permanently etch it into my skin. 




 Eldest of two, was bullied through graduation from high school verbally and physically (rocks thrown, belongings messed with, etc.). 




 http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showpost.php?p=1731341 postcount=15 




 People say that but there are plenty of people ethanol free who still have crickets.   




  Personally I'm all for technological augmentation.  I definitely don't feel as strongly about it though as you seem to. 




 You're right, this is Reddit, and this conversation happened weeks ago.  So you don't know what all happened, as I said.  Armchair quarterbacking on Tuesday does no good. 




 You have absolutely no idea what you have stepped in by commenting on this thread.  The context button does not even remotely tell the tale.  Nice job jumping to conclusions though.  I had every reason to respond how I did, Mr. Thought Police. 




 They've been talking this over on Slick Deals,and there's a pretty strong consensus that full price orders are not eligible. 




 No, it's a case of to each their own.  I like the idea that the bezel isn't just a spot for the logo.  That's why I'd never look at an M8 for example.  The G3 is nowhere near that bad but in this case the Note 4 is even more space efficient. 




 I've done both.  If your want to have your computer setup to talk to your Android, use IO as you'll get drivers setup, etc. which could come in handy if you need to reflash stock.  If you just want root NOW, use Stump.  Stump seems to make the USB Debugging setting in Dev Options not stick on reboot so you have to edit build.prop to fix it though. 




 Spent some time playing with a Note 4 at Best Buy yesterday.  Very tempting.  Screen is amazing and the camera is faster than the G3.  Also Panorama mode works - I find the G3's to be very glitchy by comparison.  It's right about the same size as the i6+ but slightly wider and thicker, as well as half an ounce or so heavier.  Like I said, very tempting.  And the BB and Samsung preorder deals are pretty good as well. 




 Well that provides a location for the fingerprint scanner.  Also, the menu and back buttons being in the bezel give you more usable screen area. 




 You'd adversely effect the phone's signal performamce if you used a metal cover unless you could be sure it was fully anodized/painted such that there was no metal/metal contact.

The antennas aren't in the metal band like an iPhone so that's why - see RF Exposure Info 1 para 1.4 for a diagram.

https://apps.fcc.gov/oetcf/eas/reports/ViewExhibitReport.cfm?mode=Exhibits RequestTimeout=500 calledFromFrame=N application_id=942994 fcc_id=A3LSMN910A
 




 I am a (very) infrequent consumer of alcohol, and I have never been party to illegal controlled substances.  But I don't go around telling others how they're horrible people just because they imbibe certain chemicals, natural or otherwise. 




 Hate to break it to you pal but that map's no longer accurate.  There's a Whole Foods in Fremont now, for example.  Was there in May.  Source: Mk 1 Mod 0 eyeball, plus grew up there and family still lives there. 




 Is that why I can never get Starbucks' app to work? 




 Bisexual male, LTR with a straight but not narrow woman.  As compared to me, she is a nymphomaniac.  Sometimes the physical and emotional needs she has wear on me, but I love her so I try to do my best.  Barring any unforeseen circumstances I intend to ask her to marry me in the near future.  Been down this road once before and am a bit nervous given how that worked out, but that was a different time and place and the ex and I were vastly different people.  Which is to say we were too alike to succeed. 




 Are you me?  Because, that's me you described.  Startlingly accurately. 




 Senior year 97/98 ;) 




 No, not in trouble with the teacher, in trouble with yourself for missing new material.

High school, oh man...Now I REALLY feel old.  That means when I was in  high school there's a one in four chance you weren't even born yet. 




 Don't disagree - have an LG G3 myself.  Be careful doing homework in class.  That got me in trouble back in the day (assuming you're talking college, you'd have been at best a kindergartner or first grader....man I now feel old lol). 




 Could ypu give me a usage scenario?  What would you need side by side?  I guess it's different for me as I can barely use devices in my job due to what I do for a living.  I see commercials of people using tablets and phones in their jobs and I wonder what that'd be like. 




 I can appreciate that.  I'm much in the same situation wrt people I consider friends.  I'm always available for a chat if you need to blow off some steam.  I'm sure many folks here feel the same.  I can't guarantee I'll be instantly available but fairly quickly. 




 I understand.  I heard similar comments when I was younger, but when I came out it was fine.  Yes, there was turbulence, but it was my fault.  I also was no longer loving at home, or even in the state.  Do you have a support system locally?  Friends, your fiance? 




 I can see this being useful on a tablet but on phones, not so sure of the utility. 




 It'll be gone right around the time racism fades away. 




 Why do you have to stay with your mom?  Is a nurse or other family member an option?  What are the reasons you haven't come out, just the accident?  I'm sorry you're going through this. 




 The G3 isn't listed on Mophie's compatibility page.

http://www.mophie.com/compatibility

I suspect that the current output is too low as I've seen that same error from the direct USB port in a Toyota Corolla rental I had last week - tried to charge, couldn't, popped that message up. 




 New features that haven't been incorporated into the regular builds.  Could be better performance, different fonts, different rendering engine...Just depends on what they're working on.  On  the desktop there are three or four different versions depending on how bleeding edge you want to be.  Beta is actually the "most tame" of those as it's where final testing happens prior to release.  I've always run Beta.  I run the Development channel on my desktop.  You can learn more about it from the desktop perspective here:

http://www.chromium.org/getting-involved/dev-channel 




 Drive it until the tires go flat and then get new tires and drive it some more.  The best thing you can do to ensure your car lasts a long time is learn how to drive it.  Learn how to drive it on sunny days, cloudy days, rainy days, icy days, snowy days, whatever kind of days and nights you have access to.  And those nannies, don't turn them off on the rainy/icy/snowy days.  Enough people have already and they always manage to find a guardrail, curb or lightpost. 




 Nothing like that on my phone...And I have a very dark background.  It does look like a distortion caused by pressure just like /u/chicagostreetwalker suggested. 




 Any Verizon LG G3 is unlocked (for use on other providers except for Sprint).  However, have you verified that the frequencies you need in Brazil are supplied by a US purchased phone? 




 Except that messing with the cats is illegal at the federal level and carries an enormous fine if they catch you.  So keep that in mind.  They don't tend to go after individual owners though - they go after the installers and the manufacturers.  But it's still a risk you should be aware of.

http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/42/7522

(a) Enumerated prohibitions
The following acts and the causing thereof are prohibited...

(3) (A) ...or for any person knowingly to remove or render inoperative any such device or element of design after such sale and delivery to the ultimate purchaser...

...which is what happens when an ultimate purchaser such as yourself removes a cat.  As an example. 




 Well, given that warranties are time OR mileage, and the first twins were late 2012, and it's only 2014, and it's a three year / 36k mi warranty (in the US)...That's why I went with mileage. 




 Insurance didn't care whether I had a lease or financing.  They asked "Are you leasing or financing?"  I said yes.  Simple as that.  They only care from the perspective of to whom the policy pays out.  Also, I have no requirement to have my maintenance done at a dealer.  Pretty sure they can't legally force you to do that, even on a lease.  Now, Scion Service Boost gives you maintenance for 22,500 miles (basically, first three oil changes) - maybe that's where you're confused?  I'm in the US as well - things don't vary THAT much on a state by state basis. 




 They are slowish in acceleration.  6.6 to 60 in a manual.  They are not slow through turns.  Once you get going, if you know what you're doing, you can cut pretty good times compared to other vehicles.

Source - I have one... 




 Uh...there are tons of people with more than 36,000 mi on their Twins. 




 I'm on 8.1 64-bit; worked the first time.  I'd already set it up for back when I rooted it with ioroot in July though right when I got it the first weekend so that might've had something to do with it.  It was a major PITA to get the drivers setup the first time. 




 Firmware update is the screen you want.  A lot of the directions are unclear.  It'll say Download Mode in tiny font then go to the Firmware Update screen.  At that point you're ready to start LGFlashtool and pick DLL and TOT file.  I just did this yesterday. 




 I did.  Yesterday.  Thread on XDA.

http://forum.xda-developers.com/verizon-lg-g3/general/restore-verizon-to-stock-t2827878

Now yes it says for Verizon but with the right tot file it'll wprk just fine.  Working smoother now for sure.  I disabled all the disableable stuff, then rooted with Stump Root, THEN hooked it to my Google account. 




 Thanks! 




 The one I have just looks like a miniature ratcheting socket wrench - the bits fit into the end.  Similar to this:

http://www.harborfreight.com/8-piece-right-angle-screwdriver-92630.html 




 Hey do you have any more pics?  I've been trying to decide between the red/white and the black/white for my 37J.  Leaning towards the red/white like you have as it lines up with what I've been doing (expanding the red accents on the seats out to the rest of the car).

Thanks! 




 Penderyn! 




 Well there was an update today.  Dunno if that'd make a difference for you.  November doesn't really matter though seeing as the G3 only came out in July...

I also rarely text because it drives me nuts.  So I don't know if you're one of the text fiends like most kids these days but I can't frakkin' stand texting.  What takes thirty minutes via text would take 30 seconds on a phone call. 




 The Sprint version was the last one rooted.  You took a big risk getting that version.  It may never pay off. 




 The case back you got does have four pins on it right, not just two?  Some folks have been getting scammed on eBay, only ending up with NFC backs... 
























 Yeah, in Poland.  Not on any U.S.carrier. 




 dipyourcar.com

Learn.  Tons of video how-tos 




 Ah...Never been to either 




 Um...huh? 




 You are correct 




 I'm sure you actually meant to say M. Bison when referring to Mr. Julia. 




 Semi-gay kind of life; baby! baby!

Showing my age here lol 




 What the hell we talking about, Riggs? 




 St. Mary's County, Maryland, USA aka "Southern Maryland".  Though I'm not "from" here.  I'm "from" the San Francisco Bay Area originally. 




 I don't like being in a position where I'm not fully in control of my faculties.  I've never smoked, I've never done any kind of illegal controlled substance, and I rarely drink.  I "drank" in college but that meant one beer, say.  I'm 34.

And it doesn't help that my girlfriend (30) just recently discovered she likes to party (drink, hang out at bar, stay out all night w/out me, and I do mean all night - talking 0600 return) and it's really stressing our relationship a lot.   




 I like it.  Never actually seen that one before, where does it get used a lot? 




 Thanks.  Things are challenging right now.  This helps. 




 I did the same last weekend, but ended up resurrecting Twitter and Google+.  G+ for photo backup and Twitter as I use it for many blog logins (to comment). 




 On 3.0 as of yesterday with 11C modem.  Working fine, don't notice much difference, truth be told.  A bit smoother scrolling, that's about it. 




 Not especially.  Usually it's because I called someone out on something and they didn't appreciate it, LOL. 




 This guy. 




 http://youtubetime.com/

Or you know, you could just say when in the vid it happens... 




 Em...?  Captain Jack (Harkness, not Sparrow), herlerrr?  Granted, he was a 51st century pansexual, but he waaaaay preceded the Red Viper... 




 My OPSEC comment was in relation to some other posts you've made about your duties and qualifications.  Not this post. 




 Ya know, I don't think as an E3 you get to cop an attitude like this.  People make mistakes.  If you hadn't heard anything since September, you should've followed up.

Also, was looking through your posts and suggest this - OPSEC.  That is all. 




 Not to be trendy but I didn't vote either.  I moved last year and didn't reregister.  This is the first time since I could vote that I haven't.  Not a single race locally was affected by my not voting, for those who insist every vote matters. 




 I didn't see it mentioned but Innovate is no longer distributing these in the US - they're being distributed by a US subsidiary of the manufacturer now - Sprintex.

http://sprintexusa.com/ 




 Ok, OP, so you asked for advice on how to achieve in a career and you got a few folks bragging about their salaries.  Sorry about that.  I won't do the same.

I'm not in software but the general principles are the same.  Perform well at every level and go outside your required duties.  Take extra tasking on that would not typically be expected of you.  Let people know you're interested in new and different opportunities, even if they may seem outside your area of expertise.  Maintain networks of folks you've done work for - you never know when you might need or benefit from a reference.  Take training opportunities that come your way.  Make yourself invaluable.  Learn things that are new and exciting, or old and fading away.  Things that are out there in the world need to be maintained, just as much as the new things need to be created.  Strive to do better on every assignment then you did on the last.  If something's due on a particular date, get it done early.  Anyway, that's what I have for now. 




 The S-70 is the civilian variant of the Blackhawk.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sikorsky_S-70 




 My parents tried to raise me in their church but it never clicked for me.  I consider myself an atheist. 




 2015s wouldn't be worth it, even if they did fit, given the fact there probably are very few to no systems out there and they'll all be brand new.  At that cost the aftermarket is superior.  That's why older takeoffs and rebuilds are worth iit by comparison. 




 Very good, sir. 




 Looks sharp.  Hankook tires? 




 Cyber conversion much?  Brain and structure's all you really need... 




 Speaking as someone who's worked as a civilian engineer for the Navy these last 11 years, get a(nother) haircut, hippie.  :D  But seriously, it looks good. 




 I'm 34 and even I don't like parties like that.  It's the introvert in me. 




 OSMAnd

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.osmand hl=en 




 iloome Flex tempered glass screen protector 0.15mm thick and a Diztronic black TPU case.  Been using Diztronic for a few years now though this is my first glassy screen protector. 




 Try 37...1977.

http://9to5mac.com/2014/05/19/fancy-a-piece-of-apple-history-apples-original-rainbow-logo-signs-being-auctioned/ 




 Stuff like this is why I deleted my Facebook account last week.  People suck. 




 This idea is not specific to this phone (doing research before updating).  It's all over XDA that this patch would likely close known exploits.  That's the whole point of patches. 




 This was expected and IT'S WHY YOU DON'T PATCH WITHOUT READING ABOUT IT ONLINE FIRST ;) 




 They haven't managed to reverse Roe v. Wade... 




 Really, no one mentioned Game of Game of Thrones? 




 I had roommates for two years and then a private bedroom in a four room "suite"/apartment for the remainder.  It worked out fine.  I went to a small highly technically oriented school so we pretty much all had stuff in common. 




 Yes, these would look great on my desk amongst my Legos, Domo, Matchbox cars and motorcycles, and challenge coins. 




 Watched this ep for the first time just a few minutes ago.  Loved the boating.  Though not as many gut busters in this as the few eps immediately prior. 




 Was watching with my girlfriend aboard NAS Pax River...Saw a bright red flash that lasted about 10 seconds then nothing.  Caught up with the live stream on UStream.tv to find out what happened and saw about the explosion.  One of my coworkers watched from a boat out on the Bay and forwarded some pictures as well.  Pretty crazy; an unfortunate setback for commercial spaceflight. 




 What the heck is a "sort of kind of relationship"?  I don't understand this attempting to be with other people when you're in a relationship.  If you're not in it to win it then in my opinion you shouldn't be in it at all...If you feel the need to explore then get it if the relationship.  Sounds like it's not meeting your needs... 




 Tied an onion to our belts too, it was the style at the time you see. 




 Sloth love Chunk? 




 Garcon 




 I've got the Maxpiders as well.  Really wish Husky made the Xact Contours for our cars but they don't. 




 Yes, I understood.  My point was, it is good to share a video of people actually standing against someone, because it's far too rare an occurrence. 




 People actually cared enough to do something rather than turn away.  That in itself is noteworthy. 




 I find myself at DFW quite frequently and I'm sorry to say this is far from the first time I've seen stuff like this there.  Maybe alcohol doesn't belong in airports what with the potential for unruly behavior and all every time there's a delay or cancellation. 




 Well unfortunately we aren't evolved enough as a species to do away with the need for it just yet. 




 I'm think along the lines of Foxtrot Uniform. 




 There is a fix and it's called the Open Flash Tablet.  You're welcome. 




 You don't need xposed or greenify. Everything carrier and most LG stuff can be disabled without even needing root. 




 It is not a "manumatic".  It is a traditional torque converter automatic transmission.  Just because it has paddles doesn't make it a multiple clutch transmission.  It's no different than what's in your mom's Camry. 




 Um...why was ANY of that "funny?" 




 Well obviously in some cases that will work, because it has, but there's always a risk that in a particular update they change something that causes you to lose root or prevents the update from working.  Then again, those of us on Verizon have no experience with this process since we've never had an update yet.  And now that there's an unlock, I never will. 




 Currently you have to flash it back to stock.  Wiping everything in the process. 




 You ignore them. 




 You are indeed mistaken.  Unroot still requires LG Flash Tool.  It's not a Nexus. 




 Even if you are just rooted you should not install ANY update until its confirmed it doesn't cause any issues. 




 It has a .26" larger screen and it's just about the same distance taller and wider which makes perfect sense. 




 4.5 mm...0.18 inches...I don't think that qualifies as "a lot". 




 More importantly he was "Perfect" in "The Fifth Element".

http://i.imgur.com/AY19QFd.jpg 




 Same.  Can't deal with being lectured at.  I have a very adversarial relationship with sound. 




 I still get this infrequently, even after getting my SIM replaced. 




 Absolutely love The Underwoods. Never been in a relationship with an Ixxx.  Everyone has always been solidly ENxx, including my current girlfriend. 




 Ah ah ah, spoilers sweetie. 




 Oh and it's "Allons-Y", aka "Let's go!" 




 He uses the Socratic method on himself.  Alternatively, he's the Gollum Doctor.  I personally find it amusing as it makes him more alien - being able to more actively witness the wheels turning. 




 Here.  Read.  This is very well known.  And it isn't unique to his time as the Doctor.

http://www.google.com/search?q=peter+capaldi+wedding+ring 




 Stetsons are cool. 




 What?!  Next you're going to tell me that she was the Doctor's wife. 




 I'm so sorry.

http://imgur.com/VgXCk 




 I saw that too at one Maryland dealer.  Maybe they wait to install during PDI so they don't get scraped up on potential test drives? 




 Indeed!  Folks, for the record, if you want stock updates, then unlocking and maybe even rooting are not for you. 




 13 years can add a lot of perspective.  And I was feeling pent up.  The shitty thing about coming out is that it's something you do for your whole life, again and again. 




 A non gender specific pronoun would be something like "they"...not partner.  But I get your point.  My point is simply, don't expect to get away with that for long as people notice it taking an effort to maintain.  Intelligent people, anyway. 




 Because I used them to refer to someone I was seeing once upon a time and a particular friend/classmate caught on in minutes and basically outed me.  I was ready though so all in all it was a good thing  




 Uh...it was hardly a backdoor pilot.  A backdoor pilot is when you have the folks on NCIS travel down to New Orleans and then the week after NCIS: New Orleans starts.  Or when the guys on JAG go talk to NCIS and the hour after JAG is when NCIS has its first episode.  Or when the Originals of TVD travel down to New Orleans to get into fisticuffs and then next week "The Originals" starts...It's when a show uses another show's setting and varies the circumstances slightly to spin off another show. 




 OG Doom.  Done.

Doom Hanger theme E1M1 original version: http://youtu.be/JxGzsJKg8zw 




 I prefer dark wheels on light colors but otherwise the style looks all right. 




 Lived and worked there for ten and a half years out of college until last August.  Being in the middle of nowhere brings it's own unique benefits and complications.  And it's so often windy.  That really got on my nerves as a cyclist and a motorcyclist.  The average wind is higher than the highest winds at Pax, for example.  But at the same time if you're outdoorsy there's plenty to go and do.  But plan to be out of town on weekends otherwise plan to be bored.

Feel free to shoot me a message if you have specific questions. 




 I guess the person's boot polish did end up catching on fire in the end.  Closing signature says "Singed,..."  ;) 




 Agree.  People catch on to non gender specific pronouns very quickly., Ask me how I know.  ;) 




 Um..no. Unless of course if you're referring to how I typically see other people.

My comic would look like this:
First panel, "On the first day god created nothing, because he doesn't exist."
Second panel: Just a sound cloud with the word "poof!" in it.
No third panel. 




 Cursed.  That's what it is.  Just like the frogurt. 




 These days I run an emulator of the graphing calculator I used in junior high and high school on my phone (HP 48GX).  So in that was they've changed. 




 Actually in that skit they identified a book, the sound a cat makes and the sound a cow makes.  Little tidbits of information throughout.  You have to remember, this was a show for pre-K type of folks... 




 Sheetz.  Ahthankyou. 




 I was only thinking of the data usage, not so much privacy.  I'm sure it'll be all encrypted and what not. 




 For the record...I am not now, nor have I ever been, a millenial.  That is all. :D 




 Been known since the first reviews came out...Anandtech addressed in their review.  LG didn't implement the required charging hardware. 




 I saw this article the other day...It seems like you have to purchase a subscription?  Also, it's sending the recorded audio up to a server if I understood it correctly, and finally, ideally it needs to be installed on the phones of everyone you're hanging out with.  It's a neat idea I will admit but the implementation is challenging. 




 Monogram series 2014 or a Release Series 2015 Scion, then buy the badges here:

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=55312

Because that is all you're seeing.  Very highly doubt any of those vehicles are a EU import. 




 It's not the Note, it's your headunit.  My G3 does it in my car (FR-S) but not in my girlfriend's car (Hyundai Sonata).  It's a "feature" of Android that Google refuses to fix and no one seems to be able to find a workaround.

http://www.google.com/search?q=music+autopllay+bluetooth+android#q=music+autoplay+bluetooth+android spell=1 




 Scosche MagicMount

http://i.imgur.com/PwNKOuh.jpg 




 I'm so sick of these whiny kids complaining about Verizon not going live 'till the 23rd.  It's been known for weeks.  It was never a secret.  Guess what - if you want the phone, pull up your big girl panties and deal with it, folks. 




 Other folks have had issues with fonts so yes, possibly. 




 There's a stock DPI version as well with 1.0.1

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=56028380 postcount=129 




 Hm...Anything else you've fiddled with?  I haven't had,a single FC with Tapatalk on this device.  Or from any other app, for that matter. 
























 Bootstrap paradox.  Unless you're a fifth dimensional being from Interstellar. 




 My parents attempted to raise me Lutheran.  But, they also raised me to be intelligent and to think for myself.  And what I have come to think for myself is that all religion is bullshit, useful for controlling the masses and that's about it.  I have no use for it.  This, I'm an atheist.  But, I don't go around with an "Ask me about my Atheism" button on. 




 I have no idea...I don't do theming, sorry. 




 What BT issues are you having?  Everyone's been reporting all good on the 11/27 invisiblek build., I personally have fully functional BT (no smartwatch though, just car audio/calls and an ihome speaker).

http://www.invisiblek.org/roms/cm-12.0/vs985/ 




 CM12, unofficial invisiblek 27 Nov build.  Few minor bugs but fine for a daily driver for an experienced user.  Before that was running Vanir and Jasmine. 




 Actually, in the US, some states have no statute for female rape.  In Maryland, for example, it's legally impossible for a woman to rape a man.  Which is absurd, frankly. 




 I guess you've never heard of a multimode seeker or offboard guidance.  "lol". 




 Yeah, because all SAMs have active onboard radar guidance.  That's the oooonly type of guidance system out there...

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Missile_guidance 




 Frequency.  That's the one word that breaks that two paragraphs of, "it's impossible, it's impossible, because physics." 




 Me personally, there isn't one.  I don't use my phone for watching video.  My point was that the phone sitting with the screen turned on and otherwise not doing anything doesn't represent a useful scenario.  If someone was reading or watching a show there'd be processor activity, touchscreen activity, etc.  In this case there was none of that, which is why it is meaningless. 




 Yes, I'm aware, that's why I used the word "could".  I was speaking in generalities. 




 Had a similar thing happen years ago with my old GTO.  Square indent into the hood several inches long, clearly from a lifted truck.  People suck. 




 Incredibly misleading given that the screen was on with no activity due to your having fallen asleep.  Not representative of any real world scenario. 




 It's pretty easy to see rocket launches from hundreds of miles away...And one that's leaving orbit would be very easy given it's local trajectory could be straight up rather than curving to make an orbit...

http://spaceflightnow.com/antares/demo/visibility/ 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/czZUtMM.jpg) 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/2Qzru3R.png) 




 I think you have misperceived the intent of my comments, but that's ok.  There was never an implication of joking.  In fact, I'm not even disagreeing with you, or taking this seriously as you seem to be. 




 Down by the river?  Private engagements, chilling in a van...it all makes sense now!

http://i.imgur.com/2VqJoeq.gifv 




 If by home every Saturday you mean I'm not sitting lonely in a bar silently crying into my martini, you'd be correct.  I have the love of a good woman and have no need to "party" as you seem to.  Maturity's a wonderful thing. 




 The whole "come get me ladies" shtick doesn't sound too introverted to me... 




 I work for the US DoD as the lead production engineer for a major weapon system.  I have been in my current role about two years but have been with DoD for 11.5 years.

If there's one thing I don't strictly like about my job, it'd be the near total dependency on people outside myself who work with/for me and are not as detail oriented or efficient, but that is the nature of teamwork and leadership. 




 Clearly you are in the wrong MBTI subreddit.  Or you're full of shit. 




 I want many things, but I don't need anything I don't already have. So, I'm asking folks to not get me anything.  I've hidden my wishlist on Amazon and the only gift I'm giving is to my girlfriend, and it's already bought. 




 This article's a month old on that very subject...

http://www.cnet.com/news/the-state-of-oled-tv-2014-and-beyond/ 




 Cannot believe I had to scroll all the way to the bottom to find an OH MY.  This should be the first post! 




 We watched it for the first time last night! 




 No, end users well more than likely not see any impact. 




 Actually I totally respect TCF's position in this.  I'm shocked at the other guy who basically said "I want X, so F you guys I'm releasing it."  F'ing children. 




 Bump was for all LG Optimus family devices, of which the G3 was the latest flagship. 




 Bump was for all LG Optimus family devices. 




 Man, woke up to all kinds of drama this morning in the G3 dev community.

https://github.com/CyboLabs/Open_Bump/issues/1

http://hastebin.com/gulumezawi.txt 




 I use the ziptop freezer bags myself.  Thicker plastic, sturdier construction.  Works great in the center pocket of my jersey. 




 Oh I love when people downvote things they apparently know nothing about.

Care to revise your statement?

http://www.gsmarena.com/lg_g3_(cdma)-6572.php

http://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/47/27.16  (refer to Paragraph E)

http://forum.xda-developers.com/verizon-lg-g3/general/factory-unlocked-lte-t-mobile-t2828543

http://forum.xda-developers.com/verizon-lg-g3/general/verizon-g3-att-network-t2898460

http://forum.xda-developers.com/verizon-lg-g3/help/how-to-unlock-verizon-lg-g3-to-t2935817 




 I didn't interpret your wink to be related to the time, but to the idea he'd be over it, given it's placement at the end of your post rather than in the middle.  My bad. 




 It's only been that long for people on Earth... 




 The G3 is a world phone - and the Verizon version is not locked to Verizon.  It can even be used on T-Mobile. 




 No.   I've never had an answer to that question.  




 I think repair wise as long as it's a reputable shop you'll be OK.

And, thanks for your service.   




 Why do I feel like a just read an ad posted by some investment firm's BD guy? 




 RES has a little button that makes pics appear on the portal page, so you don't have to click the post. 




 What did the other side look like?  The damage in the pic definitely doesn't look like enough to have totaled it like you seemed to expect?

Also, are you USMC/Retired?  (CHMSL sticker.) 




 http://i.imgur.com/LyqNVAV.jpg 




 Yeah, um, where are his marbles?  I can't be the only one wondering. 




 If only these geniuses spoke the same language as the rest of us, they'd realize what an enormous misunderstanding this was.  Oh, to be a fly on the wall in the courtroom and/or judge's chambers. 




 Done with your tantrum?  Good. 




 Not true.  You sure you have a BRZ?  Tuning helps immensely and even small changes make a difference.  Grimmspeed proved even panel filters make more power.  The data is all over ft86club. 




 Yep, and they can provide a tune for the GS intake now as well (currently have to put in an email request as it's not on the website yet). 




 Opinions are neither correct nor incorrect - they are merely one person's impressions.  The OP is correct in their own experience.  Doesn't mean they're wrong  




 B...b...b...ut....?  Standardized tests!  No Child Left Behind!  If students can choose for themselves schools might not get the funding they want to keep their mediocre tenured teachers employed! 




 I love that you think OP is wrong because his/her opinion is different from your own.  I had a lot of teachers like you back in the day. 









 http://youtu.be/_wD4EWm0uho 




 Reading this just makes me sad. 




 Eeeeh.  Incorrect.  All Verizon LTE phones are fully unlocked.  As required by the FCC.  I can take my LG G3 and put it on any GSM provider in the US.  Ditto for my girlfriend's iPhone. 




 A majority of major smartphones now carry transceivers for both GSM and CDMA.  Your statement isn't accurate in all cases any longer.  Samsung, LG, Motorola, Apple, just to name a few.... 




 Your friend needs to lay off the 5 minute Physics lectures on Youtube.  That was horrid.  It is word vomit, brain stew, meaningless drivel.  It looks like something that came out of a document layout testing algorithm.  Lorem ipsum, or perhaps this:

http://sebpearce.com/bullshit/ 




 RCOEI // Inquisitive


    Extroversion	||||||	28%
    Orderliness	||||||||||||||||||	78%
    Emotional Stability	||||||||||||||||	62%
    Accommodation	||||||||||||	48%
    Inquisitiveness	||||||||||||||||||||	82% 




 Ah.  Missed the logo? 




 I'm more interested in how you managed to get a rough red Mammoth from Anarchy Motive in your hands...I'm still waiting on mine.  Looks like it might've shipped today or will shortly from the last GB on FT86. 




 For my text tone at one point I used Jezza exclaiming "I've got a text" after they'd texted someone celebrity woman on the show.  It'd get pretty annoying in a long conversation though. You might say, it would be the most annoying text tone...in the world. 




 I usually get them onto my phone via Dropbox after I've edited them in Audacity. 




 This is what I use.  For the incredibly rare occasions I'm not on vibrate only.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sm6M-bA9HlA t=0m30s

I edited the ringtone so that it loops perfectly over what would be the "chorus" of the song if it was the original version. 




 Looks like top row is Dual Link DVI-D; bottom row is Display Port; HDMI; Dual Link DVI-I. 




 Do not accept the update until it's been confirmed to be rootable.  You might lose root updating even if you had it before. 




 * Southern Maryland
* 2011 Honda CBR1000RR (third bike)
* Had an opportunity to take an MSF course at my former place of employment (in Sep 2004) due to a friend having to bow out at the last moment
* Speed and freedom.  Mostly the speed though.

http://i.imgur.com/YTv7J8h.jpg 




 http://youtu.be/sKqSsZYzhaY 




 I don't think I've ever in my life seen someone write a limit outside of a calculus class.  Which is to say...In 15 or so years.  Most impressive. 




 Relevant

http://youtu.be/FAVvDaJFVRs 









 Ball for scale! 




 There's a big difference between "saving the world" and saving humanity.  "Saving the world" was never part of the plan. 




 How do you explain the point of view of the Ranger maintenance tech coming and finding one missing at the end?  We're not following any other character around at that point... 




 Black holes don't have infinite mass.  The singularity has infinite density, as it has a given mass in a zero volume.  But it has whatever mass the star that collapsed to form it had (minus what was blown off obviously) plus whatever it's absorbed.  Unless they are interdimensional portals or something... 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Men_who_have_sex_with_men_blood_donor_controversy

http://time.com/3585641/fda-gay-blood-donation/ 




 It was until some moron invented social networking. 




 It's a bug between Chrome 39 and AOSP ROMs on ALL devices.  And Chrome 39 went live for non-beta yesterday so we're all stuck with it apparently until Lollipop comes around. 




 How can you reach the end of something that's incomplete? 




 No, no it doesn't  Consider this an invitation to read about this history of Murphy's Law.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murphy's_law 




 https://whispersystems.org/

http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2415410,00.asp

"If you need to share secrets, or just don't want to be part of a surveillance state, there's RedPhone for Android. This free app lets you seamlessly make fully encrypted Voice over IP (VoIP) calls to other RedPhone users on Android and Signal users on iPhone. Living the secure life has never been easier." 




 The gravitational anomaly causes the movement.  If taken apart I think the second hand would be like a Mexican jumping bean. 




 In this context, there is no distinction.  However, "film" is not a proper noun and is not capitalized in the middle of a sentence.  Now take a deep breath and go on about your day. 




 Was the power supply in distress? 




 You think a MOVIE is a milestone comparable to landing human beings on a rock 250,000 miles away and bringing them back safely?  I think you might need to reevaluate that thought process.  The movie was good, I'll grant you that.  But, at that level?  I think not. 




 You're not thinking 5th dimensionally, Marty. 




 My thought as well.  The data was permanently encoded into the watch. 




 Other than Yuzu on the Release Series 1.0 the same colors are available.  It's called Galaxy Blue on the BRZ. 




 Yeah, all too true. 




 Eh? 




 He was a cocky bastard in his youth too.  Wisdom and humility come with age, experience and loss. 




 Oh I would love to hop back in a Chopper, crank the CCR and drop into the DMZ again with a new engine.  A helo with a full load of grunts acting on mission rather than just hopping out near the top of a tall building... 




 Absolutely.  It's the in-universe equivalent thereof.  But instead of showing off one state or country's ingenuity, it shows off Stark's. 




 Data: She brought me closer to humanity than I ever thought possible, and for a time...I was tempted by her offer.
Jean-Luc Picard: How long a time?
Data: Zero-point-six-eight seconds, sir. For an android, that is nearly an eternity. 




 Went through the first 200 comments and saw one female couple and one male couple.  Females had positive comments on their; males had only negative.  Jeez I hate people. 




 It was the first Stark Expo, not the World's Fair.  Well, it wasn't called Stark Expo the first time around, but you get the idea.

http://marvelcinematicuniverse.wikia.com/wiki/Stark_Expo 




 So for me in DC at the Smithsonian everyone applauded, which I personally have never experienced before.  Also, I think throughout the film it was the quietest I've ever experienced. 




 A bit tired of crapping in this thread, but, it means, you're a keyboard jockey who reads Jane's, and I'm a defense specialist. 




 I'll take that under advisement; however, civilians will never understand. 




 We'll just have to agree to disagree on that one. 




 You must not remember Daikatana 




 Arguing about fighter generations is like arguing whether the Xbone or PS4 is more next gen.  Pointless. 




 Fly her apart, then! 




 Bing!  It might help developers somewhat but honestly it's not very relevant until there's a wider release.  Plus it's already been posted about all over the place here on Reddit. 
























 Try this forum thread out...

http://www.hearingaidforums.com/showthread.php?15640-Costco-Kirkland-Signature-5-0 




 Don't enjoy intoxication myself; can't really stand being around intoxicated people. 




 I think you meant to say, on a private test track in an unknown location, no? 




 Don't forget to update your flair!  Welcome one and all! 




 I meant it as a general suggestion, not necessarily for you specifically. Too many 86s have been wrapped around trees by wannabe Paul Walkers not familiar with the dynamics of RWD platforms. 




 Comparisons on car pricing among different countries are fallacious at best.  Tariffs can vary wildly depending on country of origin.  To say nothing of currency valuation, as you noted.  And then you have market pricing, import quantity, etc. etc.  And neither of our countries are the country of origin for the platform in this case. 




 It only comes on the BRZ Limited standard; it is an option on the Premium.  The FR-S has an entirely different spoiler (optional 2013 and 2014 base, standard 2014 Monogram, optional 2015 base).  The Release Series 1.0 2015 has a standard spoiler that is a three piece lip design, totally different from all other models in the US.  




 OP is a Canadian ;)  It'd be more of a joke if s/he didn't have winter tires. 




 "Upcoming" is pretty open-ended.  When the 6S comes out Fall 2015 I'm sure the 5s will be free or $1; ditto when the 7 comes out in Fall 2016 regarding the 6.

:) 




 Yes, on an engine designed for high octane, when you use lower octane, you get less performance.  I said exactly that.  It won't hurt anything, however, which was my main point. 




 No one's sure really but when you let the clutch it faster you'll find it doesn't do it as much/at all.  But obviously that it didn't do it in the beginning means something is changing in the transmission and/or clutch. 




 First thing you should do after getting a twin is learn how to drive it so you don't have an unfortunate accident as many people new to sports cars tend to do. 




 The RS 1.0 has a body kit, lowering springs and an axleback exhaust (i.e. different muffler).  There are some other minor interior appearance things but really, that's about it.

The engine and transmission are identical to every other FR-S/BRZ. 




 It will adjust its timing for running on lower quality gas - all cars do that.  Unless you run a tune that truly requires a specific octane, all you will get from lower octane gas is lower performance. 




 The Mustang and Miata are "equally good"?  Say, wha?  If you really think that please get a Mustang as the point of a Miata or an FR-S/BRZ is in no way the same as a Mustang, aside from the moving from Pt. A to Pt. B thing. 




 Nope, it happens when shifting too slowly (well, releasing the clutch too slowly).  Cars like being shifted fast, it's actually less stressful as everything is closer to matching speeds. 




 That's this sound.

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=19308

I don't think anyone is certain what it is yet, but the clutch being the thing that makes it is pretty certain. 




 Have a look at this chart:

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showpost.php?p=238340 postcount=2 




 The crickets from the fuel pump and the AC chirp are separate things - one doesn't cause the other.  The fuel pump will be basically constant once warmed up - the AC is a periodic chirp/squeak that happens every 7-10 seconds when the AC is on or the windshield defrost is on. 




 I thought the discount was only live until the phone is paid for completely? 




 There are two chirps your car will make.  One is the high pressure fuel pump, which will be a near constant chirp/squeak once warmed up and we call crickets.  The other is the AC compressor which will chirp every 10 seconds or so when the AC is on (or front window defrost is on, as the AC is running then as well).  Both are totally normal. 




 My suggestion exactly - same on all sides and back, nothing on front.  35% is plenty dark for Nebraska. 




 Heh, yep.  Good people share this sort of info over on NASIOC ;) 




 Well my theory originally was to run the LWCP until I could afford a nice clutch/LWFW and tearing into the transmission.  However just recently a member started a survey thread about running both pulley and flywheel and there are plenty of folks who do without problem.  It's likely a combination of other mods like FI contributed to the problem, as well as being a holdover from other Subie engines (where it really was a bad thing to do).

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/poll.php?do=showresults pollid=956 




 Well I mean when my lease is up I'll have the option to keep it or turn it in.  Just haven't decided yet.  Obviously I've got a while to figure it out.

This is my car: http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=67902 




 Yeah, what I've been wrestling with turning the FR-S in in 2017 when my lease is up or keeping it.  I am hoping to buy a new house in 2018 if not sooner so it's a lot to think about.  




 They'll do for now.  Working on a 2017 plan.  Need to be good for a while.  :) 




 A Tundra, at the time.  Since then I've also had a Mercedes C350, a GMC Sierra 1500, a different Tundra and now my FR-S and my girlfriend's Hyundai Sonata.  And three different motorcycles.  And a Focus, Taurus and Corolla that were all driven by my ex-fiancee (that breakup was why the first Tundra went away as well...memories).

So yeah, I have a problem with buying vehicles heh.  I keep motorcycles the longest, till they're paid.  The GTO I owned the longest, not quite four years.  Then the first Tundra right about three. 




 Nope, disagree.  I did my research on all seasons and for the little bit of snow we get here they're ideal.  I bought the highest all-around performing all seasons as tested by Tire Rack - Hankook ventus s1 noble2s.  Working great.  Better than the stock summers in the dry as well.  I may get dedicated snows out in the future but these will more than meet my needs this season.  Especially given my ability to telework. 




 Zero hour...Nine AM. 




 This is just another example of someone getting highly knowledgeable with respect to one particular area while otherwise lacking common sense.  Causation?  You be the judge. 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/Lzz5Ljg.jpg) 




 Ha, we're getting way down the rabbit hole here huh?  Well, we needed a more family friendly/practical vehicle at the time.  I also kept breaking it, well, little reliability problems here and there that just annoyed for it being my only four wheeled vehicle. 




 I sold her back in 08; recently saw her back for sale again when I was at my old home on business.  Mod wise she had a roots supercharger (Magnacharger) with a two size down pulley, ported and polished throttle body, carbon fiber intake, gauge pod and taillights imported from Oz, full exhaust (JBA shorties and high flow cats, custom catback), built torque converter, spoiler delete, carbon fiber hood for a bit (because stocker was damaged by some jerk's hitch at work), 05+ rear conversion, and custom tuning by Magnaflow (by their chief engineer in their dyno cell).  The last time it was on the dyno with me it was over 480whp, but that was before the intake and TB work. Through the 4L60E it was just over 600bhp.   




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/Ey7CMCE.jpg) 




 I figured the strut clearance thing would be an issue given the springs vice coilovers...I think most folks running that wheel are on coilovers.  Also I wasn't talking about the poke (how far the wheel sticks out) but stretch (how the tire doesn't go all the way to the edge of the rim).  I ran 245s on 8 inch wide rims on my GTO back in the day.

Enjoy your ride :) 




 That's funny - I just read through your build yesterday.  I like the new wheels.  I would've gone with narrower (or wider tires) as I'm not a big fan of the stretched look, but to each their own. 




 This makes me sick, and incredibly sad.  To do everything right and honorably and to have it torn away... :( 




 Well, I'm all out of ass chew today son.  So you've just graduated to peelin' potatoes. 




 His head!  It's on backwards!  Dammit, Snotty! 




 He said he used a whole box of Band-Aids....So, to be fair, it could've just been one REALLY bad cut.  :D 




 I dunno, I think their opinions of happy little trees might differ a tad... 




 He clearly seems to turn to ash in the video vice Gault vanishing in the flash almost immediately thereafter 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/rNkBph7.jpg) 




 Yes, Mars...Stunning deduction, what with the multiple suns and all... 




 http://www.fda.gov/Food/GuidanceRegulation/GuidanceDocumentsRegulatoryInformation/LabelingNutrition/ucm064916.htm 




 I believe you are incorrect.

http://consumerist.com/2011/06/28/new-fee-lets-you-break-verizon-contract-without-early-termination-fee/

The pertinent language is still in the customer agreement as well.

http://www.verizonwireless.com/b2c/support/customer-agreement

"If you're a Postpay customer and a change to your Plan or this agreement has a material adverse effect on you, you can cancel the line of Service that has been affected within 60 days of receiving the notice with no early termination fee." 




 Oh thank gawd...I was beginning to feel like the only adult in here, reading through these posts. 




 You are aware some people own entire buildings, right?  We call them houses... 




 Hey, good to meet you.  Been watching your vids for a while now. 




 Been using that app for years.  Started with a real HP48GX back in 8th/9th grade. 




 I do, but, I have not and will not ever patronize Chick-Fil-A.  They can burn in whatever hell they believe in, the bigots. 




 Yes, it's true I made the assumption OP has an SD card.  And since they can very easily be obtained at most any store in many varying capacities, starting at around $10 or less, there's no real reason not to have one... 




 Are you running the correct version of CM for your device?  Status 7 means that the ROM's scripts don't match your device ID. 




 Pull your SD, download ROM to it.  Put back in your phone, turn phone on by holding power and vol down at the same time.  Keep holding both down until you get a screen with an option for factory reset.  Select reset, yes; it will boot into recovery.  Flash away. 




 Best pen I ever owned was from the lefthanded store in San Fran Pier 39...ceramic Kyocera.  Lost it a few months ago tho :( 




 I am a male.
I am a bisexual.
I am an engineer.
I am a motorcyclist.
I am a pet haver.
I am my girlfriend's boyfriend.
I am left handed.
I am blue eyed.
I am caucasian.
I am a home sapiens sapiens.
I am a resident of Maryland.
I am an atheist.
I am an INTJ.
I am more than a few words on your screen...I am me. 




 I make my living making things that make other things go away.  In a ball of fire and flaming debris.  Sometimes it's pretty awesome. 




 Every damn desk is backwards.  You tell me. 




 Pens. 




 An LED and a coin cell battery, more than likely.  ;) 




 My plan is for the P-Tuning EL header and one of their full header back 3" V-band exhaust systems.  I want to talk to them about getting it single exit only...you can optionally remove the right side pipe but I'd rather it were setup as a single only as I have a CFRP cover on the right hand side exit location. 




 I want the fastest most efficient phone.  I couldn't care less about the camera.  That said, as soon as more Raw camera apps are available the choice for Lollipop will be..well, it won't be a choice. 




 I've got an OFT as well but just a track pipe as far as exhaust goes.  Intake pipe, filter, strut bar, master cylinder brace, lithium battery, spare tire deleted and different tires are about the size of it for me right now.  Lighter is better if my philosophy though I'm not a weight Nazi. 




 Run it empty, fill up, flash tune.  Details abound on ft86club. 




 What's your full exhaust configuration?  Also, any tuning? 




 Erm...Step (1) Root.  Step (2) Bootloader unlock.  Step (3) Install any of several different Lollipop builds over on XDA.  Step (4) Profit. 




 If they're from Chesapeake Beach why are they repping Charm City on Sound Cloud and Facebook? 




 Based on what I have read here, I'd say there is a strong possibility he likes you.  And also, since you used the "S" word...Introversion != Shy.

[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/kpkmR8M.png)

[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/R2XHc5k.jpg) 




 Watch this and you'll begin to understand.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kLwSrouI71U 




 Is that a plexi windshield or am I trippin? 




 Dunno...work fine for me?  Exact links I followed yesterday to do this. 




 Plot twist: guy taking the video vertically was actually the crazy one.  ;) 




 Streets ahead, brother. 




 http://forum.xda-developers.com/lg-g3/development/psa-stop-taking-ota-updates-update-t2909412

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=57314271 postcount=102

You're welcome :)
 




 The PS AS3s rate better than a lot of summer tires and won't get you killed if it snows a little ;) 




 80 beautiful people with the courage to be themselves :) 




 They're all pretty much in the same place. Bluetooth is largely fully working; MMS is still being figured out; some have data issues on cellular (lose signal on reboot is fairly common)...For the average user none are really daily driver material yet.  For the power user they're all about the same.  I run CM12 myself but follow all the builds on XDA.  12/04 in my experience works better than 12/06 from a signal perspective but the camera i  12/06 seems to be better, as well as built-in Hotspot working in 12/06.  




 Bing! 




 I'm quite enjoying this game, I have to say. 




 I'm becoming a member of the population of a moderately sized Pacific island nation.  I'm quite confident of this fact; yes, I am. 




 All the people inhabiting this planet wish to control it for themselves. 




 The moment I read the title I heard these sounds in my head, lol. 




 Hunch; thought I made it clear with the "personally I think" bit there :) 




 I went through the whole list.  I recognized 7.  Which means I didn't recognize 93.  I live in the US.  Thing is though, being bi doesn't define me - it's just one aspect of me.  It's not my career and my life doesn't revolve around it.  I also don't really listen to music, spend time on Broadway or in art galleries, etc.  It's cool that some magazine that nine times out of 10 has straight people on the cover thinks they're important to society at large though. 




 Looks like he's taking after Garfield.

http://www.cafepress.com/+garfield_learning_by_osmosis_small_poster,402973041 




 Not to be contrary to you brother but there are different types of addiction, and games can absolutely be addictive.  Not that this is a scholarly pub or anything but there are details here:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Addiction 




 News post here: http://penny-arcade.com/news/post/2014/06/30/quantification

Comment here: http://penny-arcade.com/news/post/2014/06/30/screen-time

And finally, comic is here: http://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2014/06/30/

EDIT: Relevant search terms were "Penny Arcade screen time" and results were in the first two links. 




 Personally I don't think they'll end up selling it; they will however allow it on the network if you get it from Google. 




 Why is Anthony Kiedis chasing the Dynamic Duo?  He must want to give it away give it away give it away now to them or something... 




 Am I the only person who doesn't live and die by "social networks"? 




 Agreed.  Can you post your alignment specs? 




 Pic? 




 I don't take it seriously, I just understand the context, that's all.  If you want to see people taking a show seriously, head over to r/interstellar.  Fanatics over there... 




 Referring to Meechum as a security guard is a pretty harsh way to trivialize that relationship and his job... 




 From out of nowhere?  Are we watching the same show?  There was so much sexual tension there it was ridiculous. 




 I see a build with today's date on it now.  invisiblek is the person who is responsible for official CM11 build so his builds of CM12 are likely to become the official one as well. 




 From invisiblek's site.  invisiblek.org 




 Not at the top level of the settings menu, no.  It it's buried somewhere I'm not aware of it. 




 Without a second thought.  If someone asked me to travel into space I'd be there in a heartbeat.   




 I don't think religious people are able to discuss religion objectively.  "Faith" renders them blind and deaf to criticism. 




 I'm sorry but please I have to ask you to expand on your thought that truth is obscure.  In what context? 
























 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/i38KlcQ.jpg) 




 Disable the Verizon software.  It's just there to snoop on you. 




 That they're blessed by CM rather than being produced by individual maintainers now (though generally the same folks are doing much of the active coding work).  First official builds were on the 5th of Jan. 




 What sort of issues?  Wired or wireless, with or without mic? 




 http://forum.xda-developers.com/tmobile-lg-g3/orig-development/rom-cyanogenmod-12-0-t2945461 




 http://forum.xda-developers.com/tmobile-lg-g3/orig-development/rom-cyanogenmod-12-0-t2945461 




 You're still running the old unofficial build?  That's waaay out of date.  Head here and grab the official latest nightly (pro tip: clean flash the first official one you flash; after that, dirty flash is OK)

http://download.cyanogenmod.org/?device=vs985

NOTE: Link is for VERIZON only folks 




 I've never encountered Mr Oakley before but I have to say, he's fucking adorable. 




 Poison, poison, tasty fish! 




 That depends on where they work. 




 Yes way. :D

"One thing you won't find on the Aquos Crystal is an earpiece. For phone calls, the entire screen vibrates to produce sound. Sharp calls it a "Direct Wave Receiver," but to us it seems exactly like the bone conduction speaker technology we've seen pop up in Google Glass and a few other out-there devices. Just press it up against your head and you'll hear sound. Like a bone conduction speaker, the sound gets louder when you plug your ears, or if you press the Aquos against a pair of headphones, the sound will go right through them."

http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2014/12/sharp-aquos-crystal-a-240-smartphone-that-out-designs-most-flagships/ 




 I didn't say you did, was pointing this out for the benefit of the OP and other less knowledgeable folks.

It was changed because they're become more mainstream and don't want users getting into trouble having root enabled by default.  It just means those of us who have a clue have to do more work now. 




 Tapping the build number seven times is not unique to CM.  It's Android.  Though on CM it's where the root enable setting is now hidden. 




 This is called parking lights FYI.  In some places driving like that is illegal.  Just something to be aware of. 




 It's not a conspiracy, nor is it a theory.  It's a fact of how Facebook operates.  There is a ton of information online about how their algorithms work.  It's hardly a secret.  It kills your credibility to doubt they do it when it's full acknowledged by Facebook themselves.

I'm perfectly happy for folks who want to put themselves out there but I don't feel like putting up with ads and having my likeness used to convince my friends and family to buy things.

http://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2014/08/how-much-should-you-know-about-how-facebook-works/378812/

http://www.businessinsider.com/how-the-facebook-news-feed-works-2014-2

http://www.valuewalk.com/2014/11/facebook-works-motivate-election-turnout-results/

... 




 I'll add, Facebook is turning the internet into a curated experience much like AOL back in the early 90s when it controlled a large portion of the experience; back then the internet was still a new thing for most consumers.  It's damaging how one entity has so much control over what people see. 




 Because I don't use Facebook; I don't have an account.  That's all.  Not a big deal...  you can make a forum thread as organized or disorganized as you want.  Facebook gets organized however Facebook wants to organize it to ensure they get paid. 




 Funnily enough the side mirrors are probably the most functional mod on this vehicle.  APR baby!

http://www.rallysportdirect.com/APR-CB-508032B-Carbon-Fiber-Mirrors-Formula-GT3-Black-Base 




 No, some of us jusr appreciate the ability of a vehicle to actually drive down the road and go around corners, that's all.  Not scrape hard parts because they hit an ant. 




 There's a plastidipped metallic purple one in Southern Maryland I've seen a few times. 




 No worries, I was just curious ;) 




 Do you plan to make a version of this build log that isn't dependent on suckbook, out of curiosity?  Say on ft86club?  I'd like to follow along... 




 As a motorcyclist and FR-S owner I just have to ask - what is considered a tank slapper in a car?  I've never encountered that language in reference to a four wheeled vehicle before. 




 If you live somewhere a visual inspection is required (varies by county) then you better have a stock header and stock catted front pipe.  And yes, they do provide pictures to inspection stations of stock vehicles.  Source: lived in CA for 28 years.?

EDIT - You also can't change your intake FYI 




 Two other ppl on XDA reported this but we don't seem to have a common denominator yet. 




 When I was a kid I had a tape recorder (the one in the link) that I would run around with playing Wham (Make It Big, duh) and singing along.  Ah, the joys of a free spirit unfettered by social moires.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vX1xiSshmYM 




 Yes.  Probably somewhere during 19 or 20 is when it ended.  And now I'm a well adjusted (lol) 34.5 year old.  Family and other folks passing away, last year of HS was a rollercoaster, and I too was dealing with being bi (tho at that time I was convinced I was gay). 




 Good on ya.  I deleted mine a few months ago. 




 You wrote March. 




 FYI US IRS will not start processing 2014 returns until January 20th 2015 




 Uh, try April 15th or the next business day thereafter, in the US, dude. 




 Oh cock. 




 You keep using that word.  I do not think it means what you think it means. 




 One of my coworkers called him Mister Who...I about died. 




 Didn't mean to imply a gender connection with this feature outside of my family specifically. :) 




 To some people a car is a means of getting from Point A to Point B.  For others, it is an expression of who they are (for better or worse).

All *I'll* ever need in a car?  No. 




 The story of a former high school football star on an around the world yachting journey.  Told as single sentences randomly uttered throughout a movie about a community college... 




 The coming of age story of Chris Hansen.   




 You have to know about 127.0.0.1 to know about "Hey". 




 Like, literally? 




 $3200 of insurance and three years of increased rates because I "lost control of my vehicle" but yeah physically I was fine.  Full gear saved my ass. 




 06 January 2009, black ice on a motorcycle.  Honestly, I didn't even have a chance to go "Oh, shit!" 




 FFDP - House of the Rising Sun 




 All the men in my family have this, including me. 




 I lost 82 pounds over 2008-2009 and let me tell you...That muscle your doc told you about in your buttocks, I'm still missing it.  It really only bothers me flying, so I took two of those stadium seat cushions and made a seat with a gap at the back so the seat puts no pressure there on my tailbone. 




 Good lord, 5 and 6 kids.  Where do these people live and how can I make sure I never find myself there? 




 In my experience, being friends or in regular communication with an ex is never a good thing for either party.  Move on.  You'll be better off. 




 I don't see there being another phone with this feature.  There's just no usage case that makes it worthwhile.

How do you know when a company is making profit hand over fist?  They come out with silly niche products like Samsung has here. 




 http://www.engadget.com/2014/06/25/google-io-2014-by-the-numbers/

To make the numbers easy, let's just use 1 billion total Android devices.  The OP says builds with less than 0.1% penetration are excluded.  That means, less than a million devices.  Given how the largest markets and most popular devices don't have released L builds yet...It's hardly unreasonable.  




 The point is there are more frequent accidents per capita.  One can draw the conclusion that quality here is not as good as elsewhere.  I linked the weather.com article but there were 10 more just like it referencing the same data. 




 Something seems to be keeping your phone awake a lot when you're not using it.  Do you have a bunch of apps set to auto update your feeds all the time like Twitter, Facebook, Google Plus, News Plus, etc.? 




 Ad blocking, yes, need root to be effective.  Ad-Away from F-Droid market (not Play store).

Can Fb/Twitter be uninstalled/disabled in Settimgs  Apps  All?

You might want to check out /r/Android since you seem to be a new user. 




 You will always need to flash a GApps package if you're doing a clean install.  GApps is not now, has never been nor will it ever be included in CM. 




 Not so far.  Less than 2% battery drop overnight (6 hrs 45 minutes) as well. 




 GG4 was announced in mid-November.  This phone was in development since early summer at the latest, so that's why.  They're not trying to screw you, don't worry.  It takes more than a month to design, prototype, test and productionize a new item for sale on the consumer market. 




 I haven't seen either of my cousins in any way other than a Twitter profile pic in 25 years.  So it's entirely possible to not be aware of these things. 




 Well, the entire DC area has statistically speaking more of the worst drivers than anywhere else in the US (not the absolute worst but the greatest quantity of pretty crappy when all the cities are considered):

http://www.weather.com/travel/commuter-conditions/news/10-cities-worst-drivers-america-20140827 




 Over on the other side of the Potomac we had 142 accidents in one county (Anne Arundel) alone.  I only saw a few flakes as I went through the base gate this morning down here in St. Mary's.  Stay safe out there fellow Mid-Atlanteans. 




 So I'm not sure that the slidey ruler is the best way to determine how much one prefers a particular gender relative to one's own gender.  Also, it might be useful to ask how recently one had sex with same/opposite gender in addition to how often typically.  Also if one is in an LTR... 




 Up until the last few weeks it was black with a few Splendas.  Lately I've taken to adding some milk (say 3 oz in my 24 oz Contigo), which cuts the bitterness more efficiently for me. 




 No. 




 Changing a few suspension bolts and updated engine software do not make a new generation.  Every manufacturer does things like this every year.  When they redesign the HPFP so it doesn't chirp on non-Japanese fuel, THAT will be a generational change. 




 *Shaun 




 First off, take a deep breath.  Second thing, go get a pregnancy test.  If she's missed a cycle then you probably know the result; HOWEVER, stress, diet, etc. can play havoc with women so it doesn't mean she is pregnant necessarily.  Then, depending on the results, consider your options.  You can find out about pro-choice help in MA here: http://www.prochoicemass.org/ 




 NEVER take an update without checking here or on XDA first.  Unless you're stock and are happy being potentially stuck that way forever. 




 Howsabout...Sue Thomas, F.B.Eye?  If folks remember it...

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0329934/ 




 https://www.google.com/search?q=bisexual+hair newwindow=1 source=lnms tbm=isch sa=X ei=cyGrVIuFD4f4yQTKuYHoCA ved=0CAgQ_AUoAQ biw=1280 bih=622

There's at least one in that search.  At first blush I didn't see anything NSFW but no guarantees.  




 Mmmm...Cake.  Mmmm...Pie.

But, what if I'm feeling like tiramisu?  Yep, I said it. 




 Yes, it breaks the Community Guidelines, which I posted in response to several comments earlier this morning. 




 That's incredibly unlikely in the New York metro area. 




 https://www.youtube.com/t/community_guidelines 




 There are limits.  They are documented here.  The upvote/downvote/report system is there for a reason.  https://www.youtube.com/t/community_guidelines 




 https://www.youtube.com/t/community_guidelines 




 Read.  https://www.youtube.com/t/community_guidelines 




 Seventh bullet point.  https://www.youtube.com/t/community_guidelines 




 It was quite vulgar so yeah it does go against their TOS. 




 yes, there's definitely a risk. 




 It was linked in the original thread, I don't have it handy any longer

EDIT here it is, latest video here:

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkT-xNUoAHyahvtIb9BibRw 




 $23.5M in 2011...

http://ny.curbed.com/archives/2011/04/14/price_cut_new_brokers_for_brooklyns_priciest_pad.php#more 




 I reported the comment on YT.  Hopefully others do as well. 




 Noted.  Thanks! 




 Nope, not an engineer.  Source: not looking at his or another person's shoes. 




 Thanks :)  I've got one with my GTO somewhere on my desktop too.  Don't think I'll get one from there with the FR-S though.     




 Anne Rice's Vampires.  No doubt in my mind. 




 Holy wow flowers and chicken parm?  Marry me! 




 Rear fog lights are a luxury only feature in the US, typically only on Mercedes/BMW etc.  My C350 had it.  If you ever see folks driving at night and one taillight is brighter, it's because they're running the rear fog and don't realize it (on my C350 the headlight switch pulled out to turn on fogs - first detent was front and second was front and rear together). 




 http://i.imgur.com/10D2LQa.jpg 




 Cersei looking like Jem and Daenerys with the ferrets. 




 We need a version of this as Saved by the Thrones since someone mentioned Sansa as Kelly Kapowski up above.  Littlefinger as Belding, how bout it? 




 What are you to do?  Simple.  Date.  See where it goes, if anywhere.  Maybe slow down on the sex and get to know him more.  Don't count your chickens before they're hatched. 




 Treasure Island?  Taken pics there many times over the years.  Usually I go on the west side of the gate facing the city and hope for a moment alone.  Doesn't always work out though.  This was from visiting family before we moved to MD in 2013 (the Ram).

[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/O4hH52f.jpg)
 




 Skydragon is very popular on the Verizon side.  Has a good thread going for TMoCo as well.  OP over on XDA isn't being updated, but thread is.  Latest build version looks to be 1.1.0, linked in this post

http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=57862770 postcount=973 




 You guys both did an absolutely bang up job by the looks of your rides.  Right on!  Can you comment on how much prepaint prep work was required?  Also, paint source? 




 THANK YOU! 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/j8THzMb.gifv) 




 There's also threads over on ft86club all the time by people looking to swap trunks w/spoilers for those without... 




 And they're done this way because of past failures trying to do it all at once. 




 Plenty of folks (and there are a ton of Canadians over at ft86club.com) recommend snow tires and some weight.  A little caution goes a long way - no matter your vehicle you shouldn't be putting yourself in a situation where severe rotation is a possibility.  Modulate that throttle pedal, it's not an on/off switch. 




 OFT can do anything ECUTek can, short of auto rev match (so far).  It can be used to do dyno tuning, just like ECUTek can be used to create off the shelf tunes, which many people seem to think is the only thing an OFT can do.  And unlike ECUTek, OFT doesn't permanently modify your ECU at memory locations that can't otherwise be accessed.  Plus it's about half the price (if you buy the cable, and it doesn't look like you did).

OFT Launch control/Flat foot shift setup: http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showthread.php?t=53902 




 You take that back! 




 Did you know that the first Matrix was designed to be a perfect human world? Where none suffered, where everyone would be happy. It was a disaster. No one would accept the program. Entire crops were lost. Some believed we lacked the programming language to describe your perfect world. But I believe that, as a species, human beings define their reality through suffering and misery. The perfect world was a dream that your primitive cerebrum kept trying to wake up from. Which is why the Matrix was redesigned to this: the peak of your civilization.

I say "your" civilization because, when we began thinking for you it really became "our" civilization. 




 Ugh, tell me about it.  35 in less than 6 mos.  I used Mosaic when I was a kid.  And Simpletext for writing websites. 
























