 Not old enough yet? I'm raving about the knife set we got over a year ago 




 I thought the line was "who hurt you?" Referring to Lionel Richie 




 Being stuck in traffic isn't driving.  That is commuting. You don't like commuting. 




 Pse COULD have a deposit.  It could not, also.  Only on approved credit will they not take one 




 *on approved credit* 




 The thought is "I don't like driving so I'm not going to learn enough about it to do it well" 

Just because you have a license doesn't mean you know how to drive.  It just means you demonstrated understanding of the rules of the road and basic operation of a vehicle.  

Driving takes a lot more knowledge about what the car is doing at any given moment.  What is the contact patch of the tires during this turn?  When I apply the brakes, how does the transfer of weight affect the balance of the car? Etc... 




 They said there could be a deposit, gave them my ssn and said there wouldn't be one for me. 




 Read: she's a big one 




 Pse didn't have any deposit for me. But I've had no issues with credit anywhere for a while 




 Yeah...now. not before the popularity from marketing 




 [rimshot.com](http://instantrimshot.com/index.php?sound=rimshot play=true) 




 This pic is older than dirt in Internet years.  Here's another angle from 2002

http://web.archive.org/web/20031212170326/http://www.geekbrother.net/albums/biler/subaru_impreza.jpg 




 Lego, gauntlet, Puppeteer, Magicka 2 (when it releases), PVZ:GW. 
 




 256GB for OS and a 480GB for games.  it's glorious. 




 Bring it to me, I'll do it for 8% 




 All the ones I've used have. I bring them a bucket of change and say I want to deposit this.  I give them my account number and they say ok. Then they come back with a slip that shows how much is was and deposit it.  I usually have $50-$100 each time. 




 Coinstar takes your money, then gives you back only some of it only after it tells you how much there was.  If that's not a waste, I don't know what is.

Most banks will do it for you for free if you have an account with them. 




 This makes a lot of sense now.

My town had 3-4 of these back when we only had 1-2 subway chains.  I thought they were the best sandwich chain out there.  Carbonara and the prime rib were amazing.  I assumed they were the same owner because they suddenly all became Togo's...and they don't have any chicken on their menu :(

Now I know why.  Shame. 




 If that's true, then he makes more than 50% of the US.  Median income is around $23k/yr 




 They did that in my town in 2003-2005.  Tore down the whole thing (movie theater, KMart) save for the one JC Penny store.  Then it's a bunch of outdoor modern themes and a Best Buy went in there in 2005.  Turned it around quite nicely. 




 anytime fitness, Edmonds, Wa.  Might be another 5+ months before we open though. We've been "negotiating" the lease since september. 




 Oh yeah, I'm aware of what is needed to succeed. I'm the business person with lots of exp with small-medium size businesses. I can turn on the personality when I need to. My wife will be the main customer facing person.  She's the more fitness passionate and loves to help everyone.  Still up in the air about how to handle the personal training aspect, but the franchise has an in depth immersion on boarding to get you up to par to the successful clubs. 




 It was $500k for everything for a 5k sqft 24/hr gym, renting the building, and I will run it. (you don't need 24hr staffing)  




 Yeah, the one I'm looking at is $500k when all said and done 




 Industry average is 45% churn rate yoy. 




 $100-$150? I'll buy a dozen right now. Cash 




 Rent will be 50% of my overhead for the one I'm getting 




 Lease the equipment. Top name stuff has a 3 year warranty, swap it out for new stuff every three years to stay current and basically infinite warranty 




 Compared to other franchises, I'm buying an anytime fitness as we speak. It might be $500k for the whole deal, but I could be netting enough to pay that back in 3 years.  After that, mostly profit.  




 And crushed by pressure 




 xpost same as repost?  Last one I saw was on /r/gifs and this is /r/aww 




 LISTEN HILLBILLY... NOT NOW...NOT EVER! 




 I like the subtle nature of it, instant power (compared to turbos spooling)  and it's tuned so that it won't hurt the reliability of the engine.  They give a 36k mile warranty with their kit. 




 I heard it long before the internet was around, but believe what ever you want to believe. 




 why can men sleep with lots of women and be praised for it, but women do the same thing and get shamed? 




 Never heard that one, but it doesn't have the same ring to it.  




 I never said I believed the idiom.  I just give it a reason for when anyone asks this silly question. 




 Nope. It's just something that nature has created.  Men want to spread their seed, but if they see that a woman has had too many other men, they become undesirable. Fast forward 100000 years and now we need to change in our current society.   




 Metaphor.  Master key = stud.  Terrible lock = slut.  When people ask this question, this is one of the better explanations. 




 Whoosh?
 




 If a key opens many locks, it is a master key.  If a lock is opened by many keys, it is a terrible lock.

EDIT: Holy crap I've awakened the entire sub /r/feminism 
ITT: people that can't take a joke. 




 http://i.imgur.com/fLfru9k.gifv 




 http://i.imgur.com/fLfru9k.gifv 




 United 




 This is the right answer.

Step dad has global priority status(2 million or so lifetime miles). Gets upgraded nearly every flight. We get upgraded with him on occasion 




 Happens in India too.  Counterfeit rum still has methanol in it.  Killing lots of people because it's sold super cheap 




 If 4 players remain, and it's two ww and two villagers.  The game is over and the ww win. 




 Stillen.  When I get another 8-9k saved up to blow 




 Oh that should be easy. They'll have a flat rate per hour to do it might be $85/$150 hr 




 It's going to be a performance shop for you then.  Everything is going to cost more than you think.  Try to find a place that specializes in Nissan/infiniti cars.  I know there is a spot here in Seattle that will do the supercharger when I get it, but all other bolt on stuff I'll do myself 




 I think you hearing the lifters. Pretty sure it sounds normal to me 




 Downtown Seattle was the same at noon 




 It's more trouble than it's worth. A $20 cd player mount is way easier 




 Ctrl + F Whet = upvote 




 and didn't even list the first one? 




 Was right there too, but I don't work there 




 Very personal issues beyond the depression and after the book was released.

I know what happened, but no idea how she's doing.  




 Dark things absorb the energy while white tends to reflect a lot of it 




 We were right down the right side of that pic. 









 So I ordered the kit on their black friday week specials for $1240 and it arrived today.

It came in 2 separate boxes weighing a total of about 100lbs. It comes in 6 pieces + the hardware.  Tools you need are a 14mm socket, 14mm wrench, 12mm socket, lots of penetrating spray lube, and that's it.  

The instructions are pretty basic and not TOO descriptive but it wasn't hard to figure out what they were talking about.

The most difficult part of the whole job is removing the factory exhaust.  I just jacked up the rear my car on jack stands and went to work.  The factory exhaust is 3 pieces.  The muffler, the resonators, and the y-pipe.  It's held on by 10 bolts and 5 rubber hangers.  

In my case, the bolts that attached the y-pipe to the resonators were frozen/jammed on there good, I was able to break one loose, but ended up stripping the nut of the 2nd.  Not that big of a deal as you can remove the cross member that is right there and the whole thing came out as one big piece (y-pipe+resonators).  Getting the hangers out of the rubber supports was a bear as well.  They have an arrow tip that makes it really hard for them to go back out after they have been installed. You have to pull on the rubber while at the same time push on the mufflers (and a lot of lube) to finally get them out.  This would have been massively easier if I had it on a lift and not awkwardly squirming on the ground trying to get leverage.

Installing the new parts was super simple.  First put the larger part of the y-pipe on, then the other and secure the bolts finger tight using the factory gasket and bolts.  Then hang the resonators in their spots and bolt it to the y-pipe with the gasket and supplied hardware, again finger tight.  After that, you hang the mufflers in their spots (kinda of a bitch by yourself working from the ground). Last bolt the tubes from the muffler to the resonators with the last 2 gaskets.   From the cats start tightening everything down working your way back checking for clearance of the sway bar and cross member (that you reinstalled if you took it off).  Once the exhaust tips are aligned properly (by sliding the hangers back or forward), you can make sure everything is bolted down tight.  Start the car, check for leaks.

For my car, it was about a 3.5/10 difficulty.  If I had a lift it would have been a 2/10....with a helper and a lift, 1/10.  From unboxing to taking the car off the stands and cleaning up was about 3 hours.  I spent too long on that one bolt and I kept getting work phone calls, so it could have been 2-2.5 hours.

The increase in performance seemed noticeable.  I'm sure I'll use the extra "19 rwhp" claimed by Stillen, but it's the sound that makes it worth all the while.

During initial startup and under load, it sounds mean...but not obnoxious, very similar to the stock sound (which I loved).  On the road, it's actually QUIETER than stock.  Anyone that complains of a "drone" is hallucinating.  I took a trip down the freshly paved freeway near my house last week with the stock exhaust and tonight with the Stillen exhaust.  I also took with me a dB meter.  Stock exhaust was around 67-75db at highway speeds.  Stillen was 63-70db.  I was really surprised.  Perhaps after a few hundred miles it might change as it gets broken in, but we'll just have to wait and see.

I'll post a vid of the exhaust under load compared to stock after it stops this wind/rain shit storm that Seattle has going right now.

**tl;dr  Stillen exhaust is super easy to install, more power, and a mature sound that wont piss off your whole neighborhood.**

 




 I have a GoPro with lots of mounts and will be doing some before/after video's.  

What would you like to see?

I'll probably just drive a 1-2 mile route around my neighborhood with the camera stuck just above the exhaust, then again in the cabin.  After the new exhaust is on, repeat it. 

I might also do a time lapse of the install process, it doesn't look all that difficult.
 
























 http://www.imgur.com/cMWVY0m.jpeg

I've done nothing but baby this thing since I got it a week ago.  Never attempted to replace the band. If it's off my wrist, it's on the charger.  

Any suggestions? 









 That's too bad. I really wanted the metal band to start with.  Now...to get the silver or black trim and wait for the metal bands to come out.  http://gizmodo.com/moto-360-hands-on-the-one-weve-been-waiting-for-proba-1630875506 




 My wife and I moved to Seattle recently and was looking forward to going to PAX Prime, but missed out getting any tickets.  

I thought the face value of these were like $35 each, so I'm not sure why all of them are advertised for $80+ ea.  If someone could explain that to me, that would help.  Unless it's just people taking advantage of others, then...well, people suck.

Anyway, I'd love to go just for a day to see it.  Any day would be ok, but if there are 2 Sat or Sun passes available at a reasonable price so that both my wife and I can go, I'd be forever grateful.  

If you are here in the Seattle area, that would be best, otherwise I guess shipping will have to do. 





























 Fun Fact. If the top 30% of Americans (anyone making ~$47k+ a year) donated just over 25% of their income, the minimum wage could be set at $30000 a year. Now that would be nearly 100% increase in $ for 40% of the people in the country (around 60 MILLION people). What would the economy look like if almost half the people had twice the money they had before?

If you make less that $20k/yr now, what would YOU do with $10K+ more money at the job you currently have? Buy more things than you would right now probably. Perhaps start investing in things? Start owning a home? Trade in that old inefficient unsafe car? Start eating better food and going to the gym? Stop going to the dollar store/Wal-Mart and start spending money at local shops and on things that were made in the USA because now you don't have to save every penny? I would think that far more business ventures would be more successful because more people would have more money to spend on things that aren't necessities.

I know that people will screen "socialism!" and "redistribution of wealth to the lazy!" and what not, but it's just a thought experiment. Since 1% of the people have 40% of the wealth in this country, what would happen if we DID take half of that money that the 1% has and gave it to the bottom 40% (The bottom 80% only have 7% of the wealth currently). Think about it. 

A CEO makes ~380x more than the average employee (not the least paid...the average). The average person has 1 car, if that. CEO's don't have 380 cars each, or even a few cars that combined are worth 380x the average. It gets to a point to where you can only buy so much stuff. Sure it can be lavish, expensive and superlative..but if you make 1000 times more that the average person, you wont spend 1000 times more money on things. In 2012, 3000 people made AT LEAST 1000 times more than 60,000,000 people did, with 1000 of those making over 5000 times more.

Forget about if it is "fair" or not. Just what if the rich suddenly decided to willingly give up a decent portion of their immense wealth for the good of the country. 

Reddit:  What do you think would happen when 60 Million people have over twice as much to spend each year? 










































































 I just got an email from best buy where I pre ordered my ps4 that the new release date for it was 11/30/13.

I wonder if they have announced this yet 










































































 The primary reason I have it is to look at my house to see where I'm losing heat in the winter... But what other fun things do you think I should do? It's not a super high end one, no zoom or anything like that but it does have the ability to save pictures... So I'll post some shots of requests am able to do it. Suggestions?

EDIT: Here is the album of what I've made shot so far. http://imgur.com/a/o7rnE 
























 Back in the day, one of the williams sisters said that they could take on any male in a game of tennis.  The world ranked #200 male took the challenge and won easily. 




 Zap was created specifically for Phil 




 Neural adaptation is an amazing thing 




 **SPPPPLENDIFEROUS FINCH!**  Northwestern Universitah! 




 every car is black/white/grey.

We had to look forEVER to find the right car that wasn't black/white/silver.  Like a year or more (used car).

Here's a cool time lapse of cars in San Diego where they are all separated into color. http://vimeo.com/82038912 look at how many white/grey/black cars then count the rest of them.

There's like 2-3 seconds of blue and one pure yellow (sentra on the top) and one orange (WRX). 




 [not that rare](http://i.imgur.com/sAsSfgh.jpg) I love mine, get compliments all the time.

What I never see are sport coupes.

It's always an X series or a sedan S 




 I added a 500w amp and one 10" sub and it's fine. 




 They might make a case if something that is directly connected to the mod if it goes wrong. Like the maf, or the o2 sensor goes out with a intake and exhaust mod.  




 Maybe add a little more fluid abd check the level of your pads. 




 It's got a hole in the top for one but I've not seen anything that goes in it. Our unit makes smoothies like a champ.  It's the only button we use 




 I think it refers to when you are walking down the sidewalk and you are on the "outside" of the two of you, closer to the street.  This is more dangerous for you and safer for her. 




 [Intake dyno vs stock](http://blog.stillen.com/wp-content/gallery/g37ultralongtube/402846~dyno.jpg)

[Exhaust vs stock on a 370z](http://370zexhaust.com/370z-stillen-exhaust-dyno.jpg) 




 Well, they have individual dyno readings of 19hp from the exhaust and about 15hp from the intake.  I've not seen a unit that has a dyno of both (and only both) vs stock.

It's seems far fetched, but they have some data to back it up. 




 P85D, D means dual motor.  so it's AWD with launch assist so it doesn't blindly put the power where it doesn't need it. 




 That's why they need to get the hydrogen fuel cell's working at this level.  You can just pump more hydrogen into it to generate more electricity and have a long range, fast refill and just as powerful of a car. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kG6veF_34QE really? 




 It seems like a lot of people already are.  Valentines is in like 2 weeks. 




 they usually are trying to smash it in to some other moving thing which is tough.

If all you are doing is smashing it in to a wall...that's much easier. 




 It could have an embargo against releasing reviews until the day it's released, like assassins creed unity  




 Wait 6 months after it comes out, it'll be 1/2 price 




 www.idonotwantkids.com 




 http://puu.sh/f0h0F/0e9268a204.jpg

$85/mo but I use it for some business work so I can expense it. 




 Back when game distribution wasn't that good, you had to pre-order games in order to ensure that when it came out, you could actually get a copy.  Now you can get virtually every new release in a digital download format, therefore there is an unlimited supply of games.

So, with that being said there is actually 0 reason to pre order a game.  Games will go on sale after they are released.  all pre orders do now is just give game companies money for stuff they haven't done yet.  They know they can just rush games out, un polished, buggy, and patch it up later if need be.  But they don't need to do that, because they'll just work on the next half baked big IP game and shovel in more money from those pre orders. 




 I thought we were stopping the whole pre-order thing now? 




 Stillen Gen 3 will get you the most HP/$ for sure.

I like the sound of the [Stillen Exhaust](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tw41sSRZ4mU) as well. 

Both of those combined should give you a 30+hp boost for about $2k total.

If you go big, then you can go with a supercharger or Twin turbo kit, but those can be upwards of $10k and get you to 500+ hp at the crank 




 Which is why I don't own a XB1, and won't buy any racing games on the PS4 until GT7. 

Maybe they'll have the G27 figured out by then. 




 I'm really disappointed in Sony that they have snubbed everyone but Thrustmaster.  That's the real issue.  I've spoken with people at Logitech directly (at E3 and PAX) and they say that it doesn't have the little chip inside it to make the unit be recognized as a legit device.

They say they are working on it, but damn, they've been out for a year and nothing.

I'm sure they've done all they can, but Sony isn't letting them have the rights to it for some reason.  




 Don't use so much throttle?  You are in control of how high the engine revs in a manual transmission 




 They just bought 10 Barrel out of Bend Oregon too.  They are scrambling to buy up anyone willing to sell it would seem 




 [The Shark Cannon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MktPVfMrFmg) from Armed and Dangerous was pretty damn good too. 




 It used to be... 




 Did the slave cylinder fail taking out the clutch like mine did after 57k miles?

I got the stillen flywheel and clutch kit combo.  It's a little harder to drive slower and it has a little chatter now but I like it.

I'll be looking into a supercharger later, so that's the reason I upgraded 




 My wedding ring is this style.  Love it 




 contacts and make-up https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmXeQzbHwjo feature=player_embedded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuuOM8Ok_nE
 




 How do you know you will like the game or it will be complete when it's released?  They have your money, what incentive do they have to make it extra polished? 




 Yeah I remember. But up until the last few episodes, I was always pulling for Walt. 




 Don't you feel due to the nerves in your arm leading up your spine?  What if you weren't attached to the spine? 




 There is a lot of discussion around the length of time you may or may not be conscious.

But what would it FEEL like?  Would there be pain?  Sounds like a silly question, but if you have no spinal cord attached to your head, what pain could you feel?   




 I get why they were against him, but they didn't see all the work, planning and shit he went through to set them up and their future family for life. 




 I don't think I ever hated him.  I was rooting for him the entire time.  I was pissed when his family found out and just flat out turned and rejected him after all he had done for them.  So much work, so much pain, so much death...all for the family.  And they want nothing to do with him.  Fuck that family. 




 he bounced up and down, but when he hit it the weight transfered up, the car had very little contact with the road. When he came back down, the tires griped again and jerked in a direction he wasn't prepared for and lost control. 




 If you can see a bump in the road 500 feet in front of you, you have not quite 2 seconds to react at 200mph.

at 200mph, the bumps in the road they hit you probably wouldn't even notice a 55mph.  It looked like it had a couple of little hills back to back which threw the car off balance and it would take one hell of a driver to keep it under control.  




 Tracks are bumpy too, you just get a feel for where they are and know how to negotiate them.

The bump that was in this vid probably wasn't even noticeable at 55mph. 

 




 Yeah, the 458 I rented was just a normal seat belt.  It wasn't a racing version, just a normal 458 Italia. 




 Xray says nothing broken 




 so YOUR the reason that warning is on the box. QTip was invented for earwax cleaning, now it says to not put it in your ear. 




 wut? 




 Didn't notice it there 









 My house in Lynnwood was $425k and it's easily twice that size and brand new everything.  Why is Bellingham so spendy? 




 You can setup an auto trader alert to email you results daily with very specific criteria.  I did that for my g37 and my wife's veloster.  We got exactly what we wanted. We just had to wait.  




 96% 




 GREED! 




 Denver tried this last year, didn't seem to help 




 I'm sure the dealer can tell you that. 




 Yup.  Works great.  $15 




 They played even more songs when they played the Neptune in July.   




 A really good one too.  Saw you at deck the hall ball and when you played the Neptune here in Seattle 




 Pepsi points were the zenith of these.  I worked as a bottle returns person at a grocery store in 1996 when pepsi points were around.  No one really collected them with any regularity.  So when people brought their cans and bottles in to recycle, I would take them to the back, cut off all the points (they were on the outside labels plastic bottles and on the cardboard cases of cans) and keep them, then sort them where they needed to go.

I had THOUSANDS of points at the end of the summer and got SO much crap most of it was pretty decent. 




 I guess the article was worded weird.  It should have clarified that the force it takes to fight against gravity increases.  




 http://www.imgur.com/jn0A9YV.jpeg

www.denneroll.com 

Seems to help as long as I remember to use it. 




 I have the t-shirt. 




 http://www.imgur.com/jn0A9YV.jpeg

www.denneroll.com 

Seems to help as long as I remember to use it. 




 Bought it from my chiropractor under his advice. It definitely helps. I'm not at home. I'll have to post it after the duck game 




 Hold a 10lb barbell directly over your head. Then keep your arm locked, and slowly lower it in 15 degree increments. See how much harder it is to keep it stable the closer you get to 90 degrees.

Now your shoulder is your neck, and the barbell is your head. 

Your tendons will stretch over time under the added stress and the condition will get worse and worse.

I get a general ache in my upper back from to much phone time. I have a special "pillow" that helps me undo the damage it causes. I rest on it for 10 min a couple days a week to help counter it. 




 A couple of hours in which direction 




 Trivial Pursuit is spelled wrong. 




 [pretty sure he might be talking about this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYNnPx8fZBs]) 




 aren't they under the hood mostly?  A bit more difficult and far more overt. 




 to be fair, that's a diesel and very few, if any of those were ever sold in the US. 

But yeah.  The truck that never dies
 




 Well, when I say portable X-Ray and laser spectrometers, people always assume medical.  So I clarify beforehand.  




 Industrial analytical equipment sales firm 




 No...no it's not. Still looks like it forgot to stop running head first into a wall 




 Some places (rural and semi rural US), there is no such thing as inspection.  




 I wouldn't risk a blown transmission 




 [this](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t rct=j q= esrc=s source=web cd=4 cad=rja uact=8 ved=0CEYQFjAD url=http%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FHot_Coffee_%2528film%2529 ei=BMixVJ-NGInroASZqYDYAw usg=AFQjCNHx3dyIyy8PuFXJtJqNzFitgqW_BA sig2=s_nKCg0lDrFr1p_2M2GIDA)

Is a great documentary about that story and how it worked out better for corporations. 




 more specifically, the circle is the only shape that exists that wont pass through itself.  Any other shape (reasonable man sized shape) can fall through in one configuration or another. 




 Ah. I've only watch like 6-7 of the first season.  It's like the office, but public servant version.  I never was able to get into either of the office shows 




 Can I just get a abridged version of Park and Rec where it's JUST the Ron Swanson parts?

I don't feel like burning through 6-7 seasons just so I can see his few scenes. 




 you MIGHT have to take a pic of the grill to get the full effect. 

People that don't know what those are won't know the extent to how far down those go.

try framing the pic so the bottom of the grill is the bottom of the frame and the hood is open with the bottom of the windshield is at the top. 




 Aaaand ordered 




 Side cash is always fun 




 60/hr.  Not bad. but 1200/mo...meh.  

Thanks for the info though. 




 The big fancy hotels will cater to the business crowd where the bill expensed to a large company or the people that can normally afford 200+ a night don't mind (too much).  


There's a saying..."The more you pay, the less you get".  Take the Porsche 911 GT3 RS.  It's a stripped down light-weight, no frills version of the GT3, but it costs a lot more. 

 




 with all that, what's your definition of "good profit" for 20 hours of work a month. 




 what factors makes your 9 units more profitable than others? 




 Wife = BS in Biochem with 5 yrs exp.  Had to look for 6 months to get a job that pays ok. She works (worked) at Amgen, but through a staffing company that pays her 55k/yr when a direct amgen employee was about 80k.

Friend of wife = MS in Biochem with 8 yrs exp making 48k/yr here.

The market is flooded here and companies are taking advantage.  Go elsewhere or do something else.

 




 That's supply and demand right there. 




 It's close enough to where I don't care.  It makes it a little more unique. customizing your car is fun.

lying about it being imported from Japan...that's douche canoe territory. 




 There is a difference between a Skyline, and a Skyline GT-R (R3x).  I don't think they make a Skyline GT-R since the new platform in 2003.  It's just Skyline 350GT (G35) or the GT-R (R35).

If the kid has GT-R badges, then that's stupid.  If he swapped Infiniti for Skyline...there's nothing wrong with that. 




 R35=USDM GT-R  Similar platform to the G series, but not that close.  the G35 and the Skyline 350GT are VERY close. 




 go on... 




 Fully loaded Optima with the 2.0L Turbo...That would have been my car of choice for the price.

The Tc was basically a less girly Celica. 




 Technically it IS a Skyline, but it's not an R35 by any means. Just because it was "imported" doesn't make it any better (even if it were true).  If I had a 280hp car in High school, i'd feel pretty damn proud of it too. 




 Mom's dog. http://i.imgur.com/1nrtf0l.jpg 




 I hope his pant leg snags and a bloodbath ensues. 




 Well, to be honest, it's exactly what we intend to do.  Use the capital we've saved, invest it and (hopefully) get a lot more back in the next few years.  Once we have that new return, invest that and accelerate the income generation even more.  In the next 20 years, retire on pure residual income.  




 If you have the know how to setup the production facility, the distribution network, the sales channels, the regulatory compliance, etc. Then go do it yourself.  Be the boss and reap all of the profits.

I feel you in your specific chemical scenario.  My wife is a biochemist.  The business of chemistry and biochemistry is way more lucrative for the business people than the chemists that create the actual content their selling.

As such, she's quitting and we're opening our own business (not chemistry related). 




 I did the same thing at Best Buy.  I was a hourly department manager (not a supervisor, only one in the store) and there were 4-5 Assistant store managers.  

I was making $21/hr + up to 40% bonuses.  They were flat 55-60k/yr + x% bonuses.

They weren't making their numbers to get bonuses, working 50hrs a week (60 for the holidays) and I was at 40 hrs/wk hitting max bonus numbers and had OT when I needed to work more.

After I left, one of the AM's "demoted" herself to my spot.  Same money, less work load. 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eight-hour_day

Here's where it came from.

What you have is a [ROWE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ROWE). 

I have the same thing. I can work 10 hours for weeks on end because I'm good at what I do.  Sometimes it's 70 hours though.  As long as the results are there, I get paid. 




 [replied to wrong one] 




 And why it was TMI instead of fantasy material. 




 http://instantrimshot.com/index.php?sound=rimshot play=true 




 Those people would have better odds having 100 kids than you winning the powerball 




 Tell that to the 600+ people that are now looking for biotechnology jobs from amgen leaving 




 Jesus CHRIST! There are somethings you don't talk about in public! 
























 If it does what it says it does, it's ok for the price.  However it's not telling you what grade of metal.  Just "not pure gold" or "not pure silver".  You get much more detail with XRF. 




 The infinite thickness for gold is 10 microns. Gold plating is usually thinner than that. So our unit can see the underlying metal and give you a warning.  Even reaching the limit, it looks at the ratio between the M and L shell kEV cps and can also give you a warning.

Super engineered counterfeits can fool XRF for sure, but those are rare and costly to make.  What people are doing is getting stainless steel (austenitic aka doesn't respond to magnets), stamping them 18k and then going place to place to see if someone will buy it as white gold.  Stainless steel will pass the 18k scratch acid test, but it instantly shown on XRF to have no gold.  Same with grandma's jewelry.  People will swear up and down that this is a pure 18k gold ring that has been passed down for generations, but the XRF will spot regular plating and costume jewelry in 5 seconds or less.

XRF also helps you pay for exactly what you get when it is authentic.  14k gold should be 58.5% gold.  However, most of the stuff made in recent years is 55% gold.  So if your item passes the 14k scratch test, and you are paying out on 58.5% by weight, then you are losing money when you go to sell it to the foundry who will do an fire assay and get the correct %.

Most big pawn/coin shops will have an XRF unit.  Hardcore Pawn has 2 of ours that they use on the show occasionally.  




 Acid tests aren't even that accurate, but they are cheap.  I sell xray units that give precise gold concentration and tell you if they could be fake.  They are $18000 though. 




 my step dad has a  08 g35xS sedan and I have a 08 g37s coupe.  The coupe handles more like a 370z while the sedan handles more like a maxima. So, yeah there is a noticeable difference. 




 You were so preoccupied with whether or not you could, you didn't stop to think if you should. 




 I'm right in the butter zone.   Couldn't keep my unlimited data, but I'm not on the ones that up your rate if you do a 2 year thing.  I COULD save $20 or so by going to an EDGE plan and then having the phone be $25/mo for 24 mo.  But it's cheaper to get it subsidized and keep the current plan.  There is just a new 2 year contract and a ETF if it's canceled. like I said, I'm not going anywhere, so why should I spend $600 when I can spend $250? 




 The newest plans are like that.  "0 down and $20/mo extra until it's paid off."  I have a slightly older plan.  No extra fees or any garbage like that. 




 I'll keep my same plan, not an edge plan.  Just $250, no extra anywhere outside of an ETF, which isn't an issue because I'm not jumping ship until someone has better LTE coverage (not likely).  Sell my current phone for ~$250 and it's a net 0 swap for me. 




 some people want it subsidized. 




 So did DMX 




 If you can find a G37, I'd get that. But the engines are really bulletproof.  The accessories might give you some hang ups, but they would be all minor if at all 




 RC-F hasn't gotten good reviews 




 At least I'll get 5 days in before mine. 




 didn't wait a week... 




 Enjoy your faster burn in!

This is a setting that gets you to notice it on the shelves.  The black with blue circle isn't that noticeable...intentionally.  




 According to my wife, Horns was better as a movie than book 




 Been that way since you could change to custom ringers on old flip phones 




 Wd-40 wasn't made as a lube.  It's a water displacement formula (#40) 




 Read this as un-ionization and the effect on equality.   

Guess I'm more chemist than plumber 




 They are hearty bastards for sure...but I've never had an issue with them.  Even the rare one barely touched me. (that mission prompts were hilarious.) 




 Farcry 4 




 yup. me too.  Stock 19"s 




 Motorola finance isn't a credit card.  I'll Keep the plan I have (business one), pay $250 for the phone, sell my other phone, it'll be a net $0 transaction for me 




 ALMOST the same title.  The first one was "why don't you shut your whore mouth, watch" 




 The Samsung fit app 




 @20% interest...no thanks.  And I want the subsidized price 




 at least we can use it anywhere we go 




 "Think about how stupid the average person is, then think about half of us are stupider than that!" -- George Carlin 




 Pretty sure this also made those state restrictions illegal 




 I'm surprised WA has so many union workers even today.  It was consistently in the top 3 for all years shown.  I'm going to guess that's Boeing and oil refineries? 




 Ordered an exhaust from stillen, came in 2 large boxes with custom foam. The stainless parts would have been scratched to shit otherwise 




 2 types of people.  Those that have laid the bike down, and those that are going to 




 Could be how they normally were.  After childbirth some tits end up like this 




 Same here.  I can start a new line and get it for $250, then sell my note 3 to cover the etf and part of the nexus.  $200 is much better than $650 




 Me too. Just wish there was more beach volleyball close by.  Looks like I'll just have to wait. 




 construction, plumbing, welding...any blue collar field, etc

Women can certainly do those jobs, but they tend to be much more physically demanding.  The average man can do those jobs and get worn out pretty easily after a day of work in training.  The average woman will have a far tougher time accomplishing the same job.

Not sure what best describes this, "free market" maybe?  Of all the blue collar jobs, I would think electricians would be best for both sexes.  Lifting some wire bundles and running up and down ladders should be just as easy for both. Unlike normal construction/framing.  That's a lot of weight you are always moving around.

My father built houses all his life.  He's so strong (even at 72) that he is faster on his own than most 2 man crews.  That Y chromosome comes in handy once in a while.  




 I saw a Lamborghini Gallardo with a similar paint job last week in Mill Creek Town Center  




 This happened to me after the 5.0.2 update.

I uninstalled the AW, restarted (not reset) my watch and reinstalled the watch.  I think I had to hit menu, then connect again and it finally popped back on. 




 Good racing game, but I prefer the racing sims more like Gran Turismo.  Can't wait to see what Project Cars comes out with. 




 They are forced induction.  So they force more air into the engine.  If you can get more air in there, you can get more fuel (air to fuel ratio, or stoichiometry, says when the mix will ignite) .  More fuel = bigger bang.  Bigger bang = more power pushing the cylinder down.

Now how they function it's different between sc and turbo.  Turbo's use the exhaust to spin a turbine on one half of it, when then sucks more air in on the other side.

Super chargers use the belts of the engine to drive the turbine (or other type).  Supercharged cars usually have no delay or lag between when you hit the has pedal, while turbo suffer from turbo lag from them taking some time to spool up to pressure.

You rarely see supercharged 4 cylinder cars, but 6+ cylinder can go either way. 
 




 Can't stand them.  It's the most idiotic thing on TV and I can't figure out how they keep getting renewed.

I did respect them more when I found out that they were behind some of the Old Spice commercials.  Those are funny.  Their shows? Not so much. 




 When you are trying to record something at 250000-1000000 times per second, you can only get so much data from each frame.  Eliminating color saves a boat load of data.  The grainy look is the low resolution, but ultra high speed detector.  




 Shows you how much kinetic energy a bullet has.  Even a pistol. 




 Looks like Jon Stewart's hair 




 But only just recently. 




 Yeah, developer mode has to enabled first 




 Waze app will show you where people have reported seeing police recently.  




 If you mostly get calls from cell phones, the app seems to tell you "this information is not available to the public" 




 That's a Moto thing more than android.  But it's pretty cool.  That and Moto assist.  




 The running joke in central Oregon is that when you move in, you get a starter package that is a subaru with a dog in the back. 




 Max Hauss? From the newest Wolfenstien 




 Mass x velocity = momentum of impeding doom 




 Yeah, besides Dick Tracy, I can't think of any. 




 most them are like Omega, Movado, Citizen, etc.. you know, product placements.  I can't think of any watch that would stand out in a movie that's not something anyone can go out and buy. 




 What movies would you know the watch from?  Technically the bond one is from the video game 




 Had it for a year and I had a 100mbps connection.  It was noticeably slower on even the best one. But that was over a year ago, maybe it's improved 




 The speeds of some of the connections are too slow.  If you are paying for gigabit, but routing through a vpn that can't manage more than 10 mbps, what's the point? 




 He's afraid of Trent.

He's a beast.  I wouldn't want him stalking me either 




 Prey 




 nope. didn't know it existed  




 posted where? 




 What, people up north in Lynnwood not good enough to get an invite? Pshh 




 But I guessed the twist less than 1/2 way through it, and signs?  Yeah let's master interstellar travel and land on a place that is made up of 60% of stuff that can kill us.  




 walking down a flight of metal stairs in an abandoned aluminum plant.  My portable x-ray analyzer handle caught the stair behind me, came out of it's holster and the $30,000 unit went tumbling down 10 metal steps on to concrete.

Oops.. 




 I have a normal handcuff key on my keyring from back when I was security 15+ years ago.  i've never needed it, but rather not need it and have it than not have it and need it...like a condom. 




 Aircraft bone yard 




 Most of the west coast/I5 corridor actually 




 he posted that 3 hours after the pic, which is one hour after I posted this.

There was nothing to read at the time. 




 but then you can't go back to normal.  I like the small athletic frame.  Good for sports...and other things. 




 Yeah I think she saw it either from this chick or someone that copied it (maybe this girl copied someone else?) 




 This works well for Cosplay. 

My wife does this when she needs to go from normal to DD for a costume. 




 Call Ford and thank the engineers that you are alive. 




 Great A'Tuin 




 It's a safety thing.  If you know how to drive properly at speed, then you don't need VDC.  However, it's nice to have it on just in case you have a lapse of concentration.  I'll only turn it off on the track.  Otherwise, I let it be.

In snow and hills, these cars aren't that great even with snow tires. 




 Saw them in December in Seattle. I was sure that there was a backing track or someone playing off stage.

Lots of sounds from two dudes.

Also pretty cool that top gear used their song for their opening montage in this current series 




 She painted Mushu... 




 I was going to ask, Hydroflask? They were based in my hometown and they are amazing. 




 [Chris Rock has something to say about this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6dD32s-Qig#t=26) 




 me too 




 If you make an error on a return and they owe you more money, you get the interest on the money owed.

I didn't get the actual check until December when I filed the amendment in April.  There was a few dollars of interest on the extra $1500 they owed. 




 Or need it right now.  Price of convenience 




 it would have been like 2-3 if I hadn't been listening to KNDD all summer 




 Or there is something attached to the other side of the coin that we can't see 




 Only heard of 9 of these 




  Venomous

FTFY
 




 After he's born, you hold him with the look of "now what do I do?" 




 It's not fun, that's for sure 




 $63.45 




 I think some high end cars have it. Bmw Cadillac Mercedes, etc.  It's usually on their flagship cars 




 http://q13fox.com/2015/01/28/watch-seattle-school-teacher-on-cell-phone-pepper-sprayed-by-police-officer/ yup. Lawsuit for 500k in bound. 




 Well, yeah, but still.  I was really excited to have a really challenging boss to fight.  The other two were pretty easy after getting all the upgrades I had. 




 Napoleon complex 




 [this is her handywork](http://i.imgur.com/UBYRgab.gifv) 




 Yeah, I didn't like that you [kill Sauron God of War style](/spoiler) after like 4 button pushes 




 that's a genetic thing. Nothing you can do about it. 




 Her name is Blossom. 




 that and add the rings to Uranus 




 This is a day after my 15th birthday.  I guess I was just not in the cool club with these two. 




 Outside of the painful cold sores...on your genitals 




 But you can say that is "antique" and that will suffice.  




 and now with 3D printed bump keys, it'll get more and more scary how many people can have them. 




 my guess is he runs a coin shop.  [Numismatics](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Numismatics) is still a decent business most places.   I sell portable xray units to these places because they buy gold and need to verify that what they are buying isn't fake (and more reliable than acid scratch testing) 




 There are lots of [austenitic steel grades](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austenitic_stainless_steel). I've verified the [316 portion](http://i.imgur.com/5SiEaQH.jpeg) myself. It's has a coating of chrome over it about 2 um (.002 millimeters) thick. 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xVNRTaY4AM 




 The cop that choked out that guy in NYC wasn't convicted of anything, but he still did it.  We all saw it. 




 I liked the new judge dredd. Lots of blood and guts...like the old 80's and 90's action flicks. 
























 Depends on what the stock tread depth is.  Some tires only start at 9 or 10.  I thought you shouldn't have more than 2/32nd difference between the front and rears, but you were already beyond that.  

i'm sure the service dept can tell you. 




 Did he fall off a mountain a while back? 




 I've gone through 2 batteries in 6 years.  For some reason these cars are hard on them. 




 I remember when it was .59...per gallon! 




 I've been checking, the Sprint one has been on sale recently, but no mention of the Verizon one 




 Not on a new Verizon contract you didn't. 




 Minute physics has a good explanation of this.  




 Yup, well the sacked Stig that revealed his name in his book. Not the current one 




 First issue might be a battery going out, 2nd issue might be normal.  These engines have a little clicking sound under normal idle.  You can only hear it when the hood is up usually.   




 you can lurk for years you know... 




 Can't help you there.  Depends on how long you want to keep the car. It's 12 years old already, so if you want it for a few more, you can get the $40 and hope it works just as good, or if you want to have it another 12, then you can afford to spend the $80. 




 Looks like Rockauto.com has some for like $40. http://puu.sh/gF0uB/012c12b57a.png 




 A BMW is expensive.  The mp4-12c is 10x more than a normal BMW 




 Mines almost always on the Tag Heuer Grand Carrera 




 And the TSA prevents terrorists... 




 Spotukey 




 works great. I don't have a picture, kind of hard to take a photo of your camera in a holster. 




 http://www.amazon.com/Mountek-nGroove-Universal-Phones-Devices/dp/B004G1L52Q/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8 qid=1426465664 sr=8-2 keywords=phone+mount+cd

This is the one I have for my Note 3.  It's plenty wide for it.  Goes in the CD player slot (which I never use) so It's right below my GPS screen in the car. 




 If they are all electric cars, there isn't much to be maintained or go wrong 




 82% in 2012/2013 http://www.almonds.com/sites/default/files/content/attachments/2013_almanac.pdf (page 12) 




 you mean /u/wil should give him a call.  




 [Better Bioshock Poster](http://i.imgur.com/aXuiKUt.jpg) if we are doing movie ones. 




 Almost all of the worlds almonds come from california. It's over a billion dollar business. 




 Pretty sure piranhas don't eat bones 




 I do the same thing.  Not only is the clutch getting less work, your brakes last way longer too.  I'm at 65k miles on the factory brakes and they still have a fair bit of pad left 




 1d6 per 200 lbs x 10 ft of fall distance.  So if the bear weighed 1000 lbs and fell 40 ft, that would be 20d6.

The average damage from that would be 70 hp. (50-90 standard deviation) 




 ....tell me you're trolling 




 I'll get N6 for $250... with a new line anyway.  I'm sure it's easily worth that. 




 This might be good for Wal-Mart Army. "Even Fred Meyer people had a hard time finding any!" 




 See flair.  Pure city, 15-16 (lowest was 14.5), pure hwy 28 (65mph ave) at best (I got 30 over 100 miles once). so 20-22 mixed most of the time. 




 In almost all cases, it's cheaper to repair than to buy again.  However, it could be a money pit if you fix one thing, then that makes some other part fail, then you fix that....

Could be a cascading effect, but that's usually on like 25+ year old cars, not 10. 

I prefer the coupes over sedans because it feels closer to a 350z than a nicer maxima. 

If you have a rebuilt/repaired car, you can forget about recouping your $ in resale value.  It'll not be worth as much.
 




 if it's been taken to any authorized dealer, you should be able to
 




 http://www.bluemaumau.org/11948/government_research_declares_again_franchises_do_not_succeed_more_small_businesses 




 nope.  Just the normal sound of the motor. 




 Yeah, it's fine. my 08 sounds the same.  I think it's the lifters or the belts 




 Q4 2011 = 23%
Q4 2012 = 20.9%
Q4 2013 = 17.5%
Q4 2014 = 19.7%

So it's declining overall the last 4 years, but this year saw a bump with the 6 and 6+, but not to the prior share of 2012 or older.  And that's just q4 results.  If you look at q3, it's around 12%-15% each year. 




 I haven't seen a car list yet, but next month [Project Cars](http://www.projectcarsgame.com/) should be out.  You could look into that. 




 yeah, for Q4 2014 it was Android	76.6%	iOS 19.7% Windows	2.8% Blackberry	0.4%	 and other 0.5% 




 it's over 10 years old now. 




 [Very close](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Rabbit+Hill+School/@30.6053119,-97.6630912,141m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m6!1m3!3m2!1s0x0:0x90cd58a742b16a18!2sRabbit+Hill+School!3m1!1s0x0:0x90cd58a742b16a18) 









 just your iOS...which is a declining market share. 




 pretty sure it was the lie, not the act 




 While I get your point, a lot of road funding are from the gas tax, not income tax. 




 [Literally](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/238/219/71f.png) 




 You sound like all taxes go to safety net services.  




 If you make $40k (almost 2x the median) each will use the same amount of federal services. $0 (until you reach social security age) 




 Well, a lot of the uber rich pay much less in taxes as a percentage of their income.  Sure they might pay a million in taxes every year, but if they make 6.6 million a year on investments, then that's less than someone that makes a $40k salary and has to pay $8000 percentage wise. 




 Ok cool. We have a friend that works as M$ and he said sometimes it's hard to get promotions or raises due to a lack of a degree 




 Which ever one you pick, have a franchise lawyer look over the FDD.  I was going to buy an anytime fitness franchise.  I had a great spot and decent lease pricing picked out.  Then I had a lawyer look at it and gave me some good questions to ask.  He also spelled out in plain terms how they will always get their fees even if the business goes under, even if it's through no fault of my own.  There was language in it that said they could put me out of business if certain things happened.  They had no obligation to do anything for me after the doors opened.

A big pitfall for food franchises is that they control who you buy your supplies from...because they own those distribution channels.   If they raise the price of food, then you can't go elsewhere to get a more competitive rate.

Anytime fitness is the same way.  They own the payment processor you use, the security and monitoring equipment companies, the back end software, everything but the actual fitness equipment. If they decide they want more money, there is nothing you can do about it.  And this is coming from the #1 franchise to own right now.

There are stats (I don't have right now) that say that there is only a 1% difference in being successful between a business that is independent and a franchise.  




 It was on the top of the pile in the garbage can 




 Unless you have comcast and use a playstation. 




 It's a joke.  




 It's a joke? 




 It might have been me.  The only memory I had in first grade was when I was forced to be paddled in front of the class after lunch because I lied about eating all of my sandwich (I tossed the crusts).  This was 1984 about 30 miles outside of Austin. 




 While actually working, is there anything weird because you're a female, and have you've heard/seen that it's hard or impossible to progress career without C.S. degree?

 




 You sound like the embodiment of a George Carlin quote. "The rich make all the money, pay none of the taxes. The middle class pays all of the taxes and does all of the work.  The poor are there just to scare the shit out of the middle class.  Keeps them showing up to those 'jobs'. " 




 While actually working, is there anything weird because you're a female, and have you've heard/seen that it's hard or impossible to progress career without C.S. degree?
 




 Just like Bill O'Reilly thinks that there isn't racism in this country anymore right? Why can't we just move past it? 




 Thanks for that. Good to see a reply, I was getting worried that there were no woman web devs on this sub 




 Nope, free. Companies that need web developers sponsor this program and that's where you intern. 




 you should check out all the other breweries Bend has.  Theres like 15+ of them just in the little town of 100k 




 There's also an approximately zero percent chance that random fucking people are going to start delivering packages. Has this guy forgotten what supply chains are and the importance of controlling supply chains? DHL are going to use their air fleet to fly packages around the world and will....hand them over to Joe Shlub to deliver them in his Prius? Look at the stink that Uber has caused with the taxi driver's lobby...you'd see governments fall before the delivery giants start allowing randomers to fulfil orders for retailers.

I thought I read somewhere that Amazon was looking at taxi companies to do 1 hour delivery in certain areas 




 My wife just wears the one engagement ring.  The other wedding band would actually take away from the custom design we had done. 




 I know in the FAQ there are some links to general answers to these questions, but I'm looking for a particular viewpoint.

My wife has made it to the 2nd round of candidates for an academy that is targeting technically minded women. They take women with little to no experience in web development, and giving them a intensive 7 month course + 5 month internship at local (Seattle) tech companies to be a full stack developer for free.

I'd like to hear more about the industry (local Seattle would be best) to know what she would be getting into? Things like, pay, workload, expected hours/week, ability to still have a personal life/vacations, what kind of corporate BS (I know it's in every industry) you have to wade through, industry specific challenges (outside of actual project challenges), etc. A womans perspective would be ideal.
Thanks in advance. 




 My wife submitted her application and has her interview with them next week. Can you give any more details on the program that aren't readily available and more importantly, what kind of results (job prospects) actually came of this? 




 Seattle Area code.  Not too surprising. 




 My wife has made it to the 2nd round of candidates for an academy that is targeting technically minded women.  They take women with little to no experience in web development, and giving them a intensive 7 month course + 5 month internship at local (Seattle) tech companies to be a full stack developer for free.

I'd like to hear more about the industry (local Seattle would be best) to know what she would be getting into?  Things like, pay, workload, expected hours/week, ability to still have a personal life/vacations, what kind of corporate BS (I know it's in every industry) you have to wade through, industry specific challenges (outside of actual project challenges), etc.   A womans perspective would be ideal.

Thanks in advance. 




 cool thanks.

I don't have Moto Assist right now, so I guess I can live without it.  Maybe the people at XDA will be able to get it working reliably.  




  4-6 hours

I'm assuming that's SOT.

Also, is there any way to add Moto Assist to it?  That's a really neat app. 




 I've been waiting for Verizon to release this phone to get it for $200 instead of $650.  I went to look at one at the AT T store.  
It had some nasty burn  in.  I know it's been there on full brightness for 12+ hours a day for months.  Anyone seen this in real world usage?

Also, What is missing from the this phone? The one thing I really like about my wife's Moto X (2013) is the Moto Assist app. The nexus is a Moto phone, so does have or can it get this app?

I'll be coming from a Note 3 (Galaxy Nexus before that) so I'm looking forward to the bigger size, Android 5.1, and similar battery life (I get 3-4 hours of SOT now).

I know people are raving about other kernels and ROMs but I'll look for just basic root and apps that utilize that well. 




 You can get vented rotors that help with brake fade.  That's the cheapest option. http://www.stillen.com/products/brake-rotors/

You can get "big brake kits" that up the rotor size and caliper piston #.  http://www.stillen.com/products/brake-kits/?varyear=2007 varmake=Infiniti varmodel=G35

Just depends on how big you want to go.  If you do track racing regularly, then you would see a real benefit with the big kits.  Otherwise just the rotors might help a little with "spirited" driving day to day. 




 Bigger brakes maybe?  Doesn't matter how fast you can go if you can't stop quickly.

If you don't want to go real big HP (supercharging/turbo), then consider an Uprev tune?  Should be able to squeeze more HP out of the current mods and give you a little better throttle response.  I'd only do this after you are done with engine/hp mods. 




 Unfortunately I'm not a mechanic, I just have a basic understanding of how the car works 




 Could be a throttle position sensor, or even the ignition switch if the fuel pump is working properly.  Lots of things need to work to keep the engine at idle 




 yeah, that 83 Bimmer must get you tons of looks....http://www.carpictures.com/pics/full/01G98440117472A/BMW-320i-black-1983-01G98440117472A.jpeg 




 AFAIK, the x models don't have a manual transmission option...for some stupid reason. 




 If the roads are plowed, and there aren't many hills...then snow tires + weight will do ok.  Add hills and/or not plowed, it'll be tough/sketchy for sure. 




 Yeah, I make a bit over 6 figures so what I owe is not a large % of my income. 




 one of them is an independant consulting gig where I get a 1099 instead of a traditional paycheck.  I should pay quarterly taxes on it, but I'd rather pay the $25 fine at the end of the year and keep all the money until it's time to pay in April.  That way the gov. isn't making interest on my money. 




 Lol, what's a refund? I owe like $7k every year 




 Not if the guy doing the trick is good enough at focusing his attention 




 A congress...Seriously 




 I don't know what I expected...

I even said to myself, it'll be dickbutt, watch. 




 i've heard that those pills all have a class action suit against them.  IUD is where it's at.  no periods, period.  Just swap it out every 5-10 years depending on the type.  Not sure why every woman doesn't have them (unless you want kids soon) 




 it's the psychological thing about one lane road vs 2 lane.  You feel safer on a 2 lane road and more comfortable going faster.  But when it's 1 lane again, 45 mph is the same safe feeling as 65 on 2 lane 




 Looks like he deals them all into his right hand, holding them with the last 2 fingers, then when he goes to sweep the table with that hand, he drops them below the table. 




 There is a big one on Maui too. Also in the north shore part. 




 Bottom part of the screen under the options to play, rate, save, etc 




 nothing has a hard date (that we know of) that is leaving.  Sometimes there are changes at the start of each month, sometimes its 6 months.

When nothing has a date, nothing will show up.  I promise you they will be there when it's announced that those titles will be leaving. 




 wow, people still use TiVo?  Had 2 of them from 2007 that I tossed when I moved last. 




 It only shows up on things that are going away soon.  Example, I watched Cool Runnings on Feb 26th and it said that it was going away on March 1 




 It's there on both of my playstations (3 and 4) 




 He who represents himself has a fool for a client.  Get a lawyer 




 There will be a date on the ticket. You need to plead guilty or not guilty on our before that day.  If you plead not guilty, you'll get a court date. 




 It all depends your jurisdiction. Some do this, some do traffic school.  Sometimes if the cop doesn't show up to court, the have to let you off. Other times the cops do not have to show and their testimony is filed when the ticket is filled 




 If you say you were speeding, in any form, you will be found guilty.  You admitted to it. The cop doesn't have to say a word.  




 Get a lawyer. If they are able to get you off, it'll cost the same as the ticket but won't be on your record to up your insurance for 3+ years. 




 Somewhere in Oregon for sure. 




 Last one I saw was July 2013 




 They are the default emoji's on Google Hangouts
 




 weiner dogs are the meanest breed out there.  Nothing but a fur covered napoleon complex 




 it's a definite throwback to the old rated R action movies of the 80's and early 90's.  Lots of death, lots of blood and guts, lots of guns, lots of awesome. 




 If I remember right is a way of disposing oil that isn't useful or something like that.  




 won't improve it, that's for sure.  you might be able to up the price a few grand MAYBE. But mods have a terrible return on investment for resale. 




 Most of the V8's that you find in the competition's cars are more expensive by a good bit.  Their HP are in the 425-475 range.

if you want your G to be in that range, you can spend 7-10k on a supercharging kit with the oil cooler and be at 500 to the crank and still have lots of day to day driving ability. 
























 www.windows93.net if you want to know the difference between xp and 95/98
 




 You mean alderwood  




 eew.  That's a long ass trip in one of those.  Farthest I've gone is like Central Oregon to Denver. 




 That's a regional plane that takes you from closer small cities to connecting hubs.  They are tiny for a normal person.  




 The ending of Furious7.  For Paul. 




 Honestly, if the phone on the lines 2 and 3 have the same sim card slot you can just swap sim cards and don't even worry about anything else.   




 Yeah you have to get the coupe for the folding seats.  The trunk is really small in the coupe though 




 There's an advanced mode.  You can customize your own map and buildings.  There is lots to do beside gain population and solve the issues along the way. 




 YOU'RE THE GUY THAT DID THAT!!!! OMG (good for you) 




 I had one of these too.  I loved that my shirt could change color just like my hot wheels 




 The lighter thing was around in the early 90's.  I remember kids doing that 




 Up until recently I had a copy of that sealed with the "golden CD" possibly inside.  I thought it might be with something later.  




 I've never been able to get Google voicemail working on any Verizon phone for years now.  




 There is a G35 sedan around here that has nbeyond as their licence plate 




 Yup, I have access to 3 different companies fedex number. I've never gotten a 2nd look when I come in and just spit out a number and say bill to sender.  I don't know if I've ever mixed them up. 




 You account is 1Z[account number][generated tracking number]  So, yeah, if you know anything about UPS you could use someones account number. 




 That's why sand is where it's at. 




 or a bike? 




 My wife was at amgen. It's a really nice spot for sure.  The funny thing is, she got into a program that teaches women to become a full stack web developer. Then they give internships to sponsoring companies, one of which is Expedia.  She could end up working in the same building again 




 It's the wax of the candle and soot that is coating the egg.  THAT's the hydrophobic property you see. 




 Are there tech/biotech companies going or starting there? 




 16 exabytes, yikes.

Fyi, The current limit on a single drive is 128PB due to lba48 addressing 




 yeah, Gti has ~220hp, the Hellcat has ~720hp 




 "Have you seen the faces on Mars? That's proof right there.  The aliens were here, they still are here, and aren't going anywhere"  Is my tag line apparently. 




 oh yeah, that term is getting thrown around a whole lot on Capitol Hill 




 Ray...when someone asks if you are a god, you say YES!! 




 I'm 6'3" and dated a girl that was 4'10".  She barely came up to my sternum.  Opportunities were endless. 




 Your penance is the commute and ever worsening traffic.  I prefer to live up north a bit.  More spendy than Tacoma, but it's not Tacoma 




 The GTR can corner.

I'd love to see a pro driver take a Hellcat on Laguna Seca and then the GTR.  I bet there is more than 2 second lap times faster in the GTR.

EDIT [it's over 6 seconds a lap faster than the Hellcat at Willowsprings](http://fastestlaps.com/tracks/willow_springs_-_streets_of_willow.html) and it's only 2.5 seconds faster than a GTi that has almost 500hp less.

The Hellcat is a muscle car and a damn fine one, not a supercar. 




 At the current rate Seattle will be the next SF in the near future  




 Seattle is looking at SF as what things may come.  TONS of tech job openings that pay 60-100k/yr.  That's easily liveable money in Seattle.  People are coming in droves to work at Amazon, Google, HBO, ADT, Starbucks, Zillow, Redfin, Adobe, Expedia, M$, Nintendo, Pokemon, Nordstrom, and countless startups.  They are buying up/renting out all the apt's near downtown to minimize the shitty commutes forcing out all the artsy folks that are barely making money as is.

It's creating a pretty big divide between the people that have been there for decades and these new transplants.

Not sure how to stop it from following suit other than I'm happy I live where I live. 




 yeah, that's $1000 more than what I pay to own my house. 




 at least they have plenty of room to build and cheap property to do it.

SF really has no where to grow but up.  Until then, it's going to be more and more expensive. 

If I wanted to buy the same house I have have now in SF (brand new construction, 4bd 3.25 bath, 2500 sqft) it would cost 2-4 times more than what I paid, and it would have been built in the 1920s.  Thats 4-8 times more than the house I had before with similar specs.

Both me and my wife would need to both be making 6 figures to live the way we do now. 




 I know Strokin' is a real song, but then again, "Let me smell yo' dick" is also a song so I'm not sure if you were joking or not. 




 I have a performance car (~350hp).  This is a budget supercar (500hp+). 




 You have to go to a place that can read the sensors in each of the tires directly.  Any big tire store can do this.  It could be a dead battery in one of them since it's pushing 10 years old. 




 yeah the VZW box says it's "Black" when it means the Midnight Blue 




 What about Strokin' by Clarence Carter? 




 200k+ miles shouldn't be unheard of as long as it's taken care of. 

Just make sure to keep the fluids and filters changed.  Inspect the belts and change as needed.

In NYC, keep the salt off the car in the winter.
 




 This is the fallacy of sunken cost.  Get out, shut down, sell it.  

Small businesses fail 85% of the time after 3 years. 




 The good ones, applied properly, have 0 bubbles 




 The En rogue what you want then 




 I've not been to the seatac international arrival one, but lax has an automated kiosk that takes your picture and you fill out more paperwork, then go to a human 




 I think it's faster because you have to go to a kiosk, then wait in line for one to open up, fill out your info, then head to the line to get to a person.  

This will save time as you can bypass the first section and go straight the the line waiting for the agent. 




 In '99 had a '97 Eclipse turbo.  I had some mods in (275 whp) it and not too flashy, but it stood out. 

That was the only time I ever had girls initiate conversations with me based on my car.  I found several notes on my car after I would leave work ask me to give them a call.

This was only after Fast and Furious was in theaters, so I had the same car that was at the beginning of the movie. 




 ...YOU DRUGGIE BITCH!  I THOUGHT IT WOULD BRING CLOSURE TO OUR RELATIONSHIP!  




 I know exactly what you are talking about. I don't think I have them anymore, but I'll look.

EDIT: [Someone animated that clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EXqPriuHHI)
...AAAAAND [here's the donald one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDaWs4v2U1A) NSFW on both obviously 




 yeah.  All their stuff is plenty durable...until you move. 




 Certainly illustrates the diversity of the word. 




 LEGO Marvel killed mine :( 




 My ps3 lasted 7 years.  Best Blu-ray player ever.  Bought it day 1 and it just yellow lighted in November. 




 cool. good to know. 




 I can feel where it might happen to me as well.  I have the bumper case and it's a noticeable ridge where the port is  




 lol, instead of 1.8(temp in C)+32.  




 Technically, you could change the exhaust and intakes.  As long as you kept the factory parts and put them back on before you give it back.  

The dealer might bitch a little, but you'd have to read the fine print of your lease. 




 I'd argue that you have some [pretty fine roads](http://i1.trekearth.com/photos/61830/transfagarasan.jpg) I've been here. The way up looked a lot like OP's pic.  But this road once you reach the summit... OMG. 

According to a former BBC employee, this is the best road...IN THE WORLD. 




 That's weird, I used to be able to talk on my galaxy nexus and use 4g at the same time. What changed? 




 Oregon was 503, then it became Portland metro. 




 You can stack every planet side by side and it still doesn't span the distance from the earth to moon.   Space is...astronomically big. 




 Man, the commissions have really gone to crap since I was there. It was like $10-$15 per computer, ~$5 per monitor, $3-$5 per cable, and 15% of the extended warranty.  I know there is no margin in computers now, but only $6 for the warranty? Damn.

I was one of the top three sales guys in Oregon around 2002.  I would make $650-$800/wk in commissions plus minimum wage (which basically took care of taxes).  In today's dollars that would be $65-$70k/yr slinging electronics. I'd be interested to hear how much people are making today. 




 Amazon Drones = Skeet shooting with prizes. 




 My parents bought something similar to this back in the 80's.  It stacked the length and height of our garage, one box wide.  We lived about 7 miles from the nearest town of about 15000 at the time.  This was in Texas and tornados are common. 

We never touched the stuff and even when we moved to Oregon in the 90's, they moved it as well.  Still never touched it and gave it away in when it was pushing '99.  




 Nearest shipping center? Is there really a major metro in Maine? 




 They have like 50 warehouses strategically placed in major metros.  I would think that most of the population would live near one. 




 They approved an experimental drone, http://www.theverge.com/2015/3/19/8259881/amazon-prime-air-delivery-drone-faa-permission


 but it's not the one they are currently working on, so it was useless to them. http://www.wsj.com/articles/amazon-says-its-approval-to-test-delivery-drones-already-obsolete-1427219327 




 They were playing with the idea of using Taxi's/Uber for 1 hr delivery in places near the warehouses. 




 still slower than driving to a retail store that has the same thing in stock. (assuming same price) 




 Maintenance = keep the oil and filters changed regularly, inspect belts and replace as needed. Other than that you should be good to go.

Cosmetic, it's totally up to the owner's tastes and objectives.

Key fobs...not going to be cheap AFAIK. 




 /r/infiniti is your friend guys. 




 He got the job because he went off for several minutes without repeating a single line.  He was a consultant for the before that.  Kubrick swapped the actor for him after hearing that 




 This happens when the car's battery is disconnected and the window isn't all the way up.  On my Infiniti, you have to roll the window all the way down, then hold the up switch until is all the way up and then keep it there for 15-30 seconds. 




 What the hell am I looking at? 

NOW. You're looking at now, sir. Everything that happens now is 
happening now.

Go back to then!

What?

THEN!

I can't!

Why not?

We passed it!

When?

Just now!

When will then be now?

SOON! 




 We need to be permanently on -7 utc 




 I have the 3m film on the front of mine. No chips or scratches 




 Yeah that's what pre orders were for. It guaranteed you a copy at the place you wanted to buy it.  Now with infinite copies via digital, it's something that should be retired.

Now they bait you to buy a game that might not even be good with "exclusive" things that are not useful or cosmetic at best. 




 I was doing it from memory, I guess it was exposure, not focus.  My bad. 




 AH, never could figure out what it did. 




 FYI, under Advanced in the stock camera, there is a Manual focus mode toggle. 




 Didn't do anything, she took a few minuets to put it all together 




 Not saying people do, but it's usually the rules that no one follows 




 A car dealer did this back in 2000 to my step dad.  He had picked out and paid for a brand new 2001 jeep grand Cherokee, but he didn't want it delivered until Christmas morning.  

A few days before, the dealership calls and asks how she is liking her new car.  He was not pleased. 




 Even having lived in Portland, it's still meh most of the time 




 Most of the cars in my town have snow tires, AWD or otherwise. Huge ski town.  




 It still is that way in most of the US.  Pedestrians have the right of way, always.  However, it's not about who's right, it's who's left. 




 Looks closer to Mongolia 




 Some do. Newer five guys places are where I see them most 




 You can try to contact Motorola and ask, but just setting the expectations realistically  




 Trendy downtown area, look in capitol hill.  Trendy just outside of downtown, look at Ballard, Fremont, Wallingford.  Queen Anne is kind of in between those. 




 It's a known thing since the day it was released.  US warranties won't cover it from international places.  If you got it back to the US you could get it replaced by Motorola 




 You want a pg-13 movie with a actual nudity? The Fifth Element.   




 Looks like the most legit answer 




 I took my wife's '00 323ci out in the worst snow we had all year.  With snow tires and the DSC we were getting around just fine while SUV's and Subaru's were in the ditches 




 You mean 52 coupons... One for each week.  I won something similar at Hollywood video. Free rentals for a year.  52 new release coupons and 100 non new releases 




 Which was the same premise of a [duck tales episode](
http://imdb.com/rg/an_share/title/title/tt1052614/) 15 years earlier. (Which, in turn, was based on a H.G. Wells story from 1901) 




 My Michelin pilot super sports barely lasted 30k miles, but damn do they grip 




 This is why tide is currency on the black market 




 They were referring to San Francisco. 




 The place is packed on the weekends from the times I've been there. 




 You mean like Cafe Mox in Seattle?  That place is packed most weekend nights. 




 Wasn't there this morning.  I was playing with the smart lock stuff then, because the location based portion wasn't working. 

It's there now. 




 Not to mention he hasn't really been able to get a normal job since he's been out.  He's been doing odd jobs or self employment ventures 




 Go hometown! Haven't been there in 25 years though 




 Step brother was looking at close to 40 years for weed... Did 13. 




 So far, Smart lock doesn't seem to like my house, but connected to BT in the car works.

My Wifi had some issues on AC, I factory reset the router and it fixed it. It was definitely the router.  Nothing would connect to the AC band. 




 I don't think it's a girl's car per se.  I will say that IMHO only the RWD coupes look the most manly/sporty.  I can spot a X series and sedans (obviously) a mile away.  There's just something about the coupes that look amazing. 




 probably to get around YouTube's copyright algorithms.  It sees these and says it's definitely not Star Wars. 
























 i'm still worried about the coverage honestly.  Verizon has WAY better coverage than sprint and tmo...probably combined it's still not as good in rural areas.

Unless there are some giant WiFi towers out there that google has certified, it'll be interesting to see how it pans out. 




 link? I can't find it. 




 The thing that broke on my g27 was the plastic position sensor.  I ordered a brass one online and now it works like a champ again. 




 Yeah, that's why I bought PCars for PC 




 Too bad this doesn't work with the xb1 or ps4 .  I know there is a USB converter out there but the force feedback doesn't work as of now 




 I have the same color. Get looks and complements constantly 




 I just picked up a turbocharger for the car. Worked pretty well. 

went from 46% to 71% in about 45 min while using the screen, GPS, spotify, emails, etc. 




 don't think that is a jammer, just a really good detector 




 I've done this jump. It's pretty cold but neat to swim in. 




 Well, that's niche markets in general.  My uncle got a degree in geology but ended up manufacturing a upgraded part for ICP-MS machines (I think) that made the resolution better or something along those lines.

He's made millions off of this little process in this little corner of one market.

The point of the video is to get people to evaluate their situation and perhaps look around to see if there is something they can do to change it if they are unhappy.

The path to success looks like [this](http://wp.patheos.com.s3.amazonaws.com/blogs/exploringourmatrix/files/2014/02/Path-to-success.jpg)

I've done a whole lot of different things and I'm on my 2nd-3rd major career and I'm 35.  So, it's all about what you are willing to do and be willing to fail. 




 I rode my bike through that exact stretch of walkway on Saturday.  It was nice that day too, I wonder if he was filming that day.   Not sure of how long it takes to for him to edit and post these. 




 You're probably OK with just the one then. Just keep the two in the back the same tread depth. 




 Awd? Then replace them all if the new one is more than 3/32" difference than the rest.  If rwd, then you could be OK 




 I did that too.  After a 1000 it seems to get easier because you can clear the 3 cactus bunches easily 




 Unlimited money to political parties 




 I'm a few days behind, but the last one I watched went did this again. But they are changing it up a bit 




 He'll get local people that seem like fairly knowledgeable people there, but only local people in NYC.  They are usually news station contributors or advocate group spokesperson.  I'm sure they are having a hard time getting people on short notice, so that's why you see the shows staff and touring comedians on the show to fill one of the 4 spots.   




 It's three 7 min segments.  Monolog, panel, keep it 100.  6 min isn't really worth it 




 It seems like they're trying out a few things.  I don't mind the panel with opposing views, but they only have about 6 - 12 min to talk about anything so it's really hard to actually get a good conversation going and wrap it up in that time frame.  


Mahr does it better, but that's once a week for an hour.  Just like I'm sure The Daily Show won't stand up to Oliver after Jon leaves. 




 Only if you look at the exact same things all day everyday 




 Voice Over LTE  




 I sell portable industrial scientific equipment.  You want to know what that metal, gas, powder, or dirt has in it? I probably have something that will tell you and can hold it with one hand 




 I sell portable XRF units, you may have or may be getting a new unit from us soon.   




 My wife works at amgen, but she transitioning into web development.  Who knows, she could end up at that same site in a few years when it's ready.

Very cool spot.  I hear 2018 is the target? Seems long 




 I hear that you should be getting a portable  XRF and nir unit soon.  Not sure if you inspect the incoming metal grades or scrap, but I sell those 




 Obviously if verified, and it would help if they posted a fair bit too before they get the flair.

Are we going to separate employees of dealers and corp employees I'm not sure which employees we've had 




 What lawns? 




 Yup.  Under the main heading you could see the upvotes in orange, and downvotes in blue.  The sum would be the number we still have.

Remember reddit puts automatic downvotes on threads over time to allow new ones to come up.

So a thread that had 3000 net upvotes would show like 15000 upvotes and 12000 downvotes .  I'm sure in most cases there weren't actually that many real downvotes, just a small portion and the rest were added by the algorithm

EDIT:  Here's an example of what it was like http://i.imgur.com/7rcMyAO.jpg 




 What channel? Nat Geo? 




 Repo'd?  That might be a possibility 




 ok. There's a handful on Craigslist around the same price around here, so I'll keep an eye out on either site. 




 13 is the time to get pregnant there apparently. 




 Neat, was that with the kinect as well? 




 Also, did you catch the price?   




 guess I'll just have to monitor it more today
 




 Will this ever list a current gen system? Or are they all last gen systems?  I'll take a Xbox one for cheap. 




 Or they have older kids and they don't need any more crap? 




 I was looking into buying an ATF franchise.  The key fee is just what they mark up the $4 RFID chip so you can access the building whenever. 

To seal the deal to get new members they can waive "activation fees" or discount the "key fee".  Both of those have very little costs so it's easy to waive it to get someone to pay $45-$50/mo.

As long as they have 600+ members they are making money. (depending on rent costs) 




 That's for the smaller club access, it's like $460 for the larger ones. Still $15/mo for 2 years and no initiation fees. 




 This is the most accurate answer, however you need to have it rooted and a custom recovery installed to do it. (not too difficult to do) 




 With all the sensitivity around this subject in the US, I have NO CLUE how this song ever got on the radio unedited.  




 Didn't say it was. Just saying it takes 500 lbs to bend a wrench.  




 Unless you cache the area you are in, yup. 




 With the right training, we have more distance running ability.  They will be faster in the short term, but they will get tired faster 




 I'm sure the massive guys in the main pic are stronger than this guy, but wouldn't be able to come close to being able to do this, even using a proper technique.  There's something different about him that normal people don't have. 




 Then how'd he do it? 




 oh yeah, for sure. The part where he "measures" the force of the bike with the crane gauge?  The rope had some slack in it and when he popped the clutch, the rope snapped to tension resulting in WAY more force than when he slowly got the rope taught for the guy then slowly applied the throttle.   I'm sure it takes a lot of strength to hold back a motocycle, but it wasn't 1300 lbs of force.

but their explanation for his ability to do the things he does makes the most plausible sense.  Especially since the supposedly do that for a living. 




 http://m.liveleak.com/view?i=4a6_1369884683  Motocycles can hurt you 




 yup http://m.liveleak.com/view?i=4a6_1369884683 




 http://m.liveleak.com/view?i=4a6_1369884683

Motorcycle accident. 




 http://m.liveleak.com/view?i=4a6_1369884683 




 Good on you, detective Friends. 




 "Newton's Second Law asserts the direct proportionality of acceleration to force and the inverse proportionality of acceleration to mass. Accelerations can be defined through kinematic measurements."

Care to explain where I'm wrong? 




 I was stating that girls like this DO EXIST.  Attractive, smart, stable and like games/anime.  Might be 1 in 100,000,000, but they are out there.  As the gaming/geek culture gets more mainstream and girls are exposed to and not shamed for liking that culture the odds will get better and better.  

Stay vigilant young brothers! (older ones?...yeah, good luck) 




 Force = Mass * Acceleration.  They measured his muscle fiber output and apparently he can activate more fibers that a normal person.  So when he activates all of them at once, he can accelerate his hands at a faster rate, therefore producing a higher force.

He was on an episode of "Stan Lee's Superhumans" where they hooked him up to a computer to measure his output.  It was off the scale their first attempt. 

*EDIT*  It's on Netflix, the first episode, his section starts at 33 min.  They replicate the force to see how much weight it would take to bend a wrench like that and it's over 500 pounds of static force. 




 To tag on to this, 
Id probably buy a used G35 and run it until the engine needs replacing.

That will be FOREVER.  These engines don't really die as long as you take care of it.

I'd love to see a G35 sedan with an LS1, but that would cost at least 3x as much as you paid for the car. 




 Well, I think the adaptable cruise control and lane assist are pretty cool, but pretty useless for any 1/2 competent driver, so not really worth the money.  They wont help if someone is dumb and smashes in to you.

As far as advanced driving skills go, it's hard to explain in short order.  The main thing is to be smooth.  Smooth driving is fast driving.  I've been self studying these tactics 30+ years with no official training.  I did attend one of these schools that I mentioned back in 2006 and they said they couldn't teach me anything more than what I already knew.  I was passing corvette Z06's in a 350z, I out run most Porsches (non turbo) around tracks in my G37 (until the oil cooler can't handle it and gimps the RPMs).  Of course if they had drivers similar to me, they'd walk away no problem.  I am no pro, but I'm better than most people on the road.  I placed in the top 1% of people in [GT academy](http://www.gran-turismo.com/us/academy/about/)

It's a lot of theory and understanding the physics of what is happening during every second the car is moving.  Understanding things like what a [contact patch](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contact_patch) is and how [weight transfer](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weight_transfer) affects it.  No matter what road I'm on I'm always am looking for the proper [driving line](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racing_line) and also figuring out where the optimal [braking zone](http://www.drivingfast.net/car-control/braking.htm) is.  If you are on a wet road and start to [oversteer](http://www.drivingfast.net/car-control/oversteer.htm) you need to know how to recover safely (RWD mostly, but they can [understeer](http://www.drivingfast.net/car-control/understeer.htm) too.)

If you understand these basics, you can drive any car fast once you get the feel how the car performs.  Then you can drive that same car at a normal speed, but have the skills to get you out of any mess you or someone else puts you in.

Check out that www.drivingfast.net  That seems to describe the basics pretty well.  If you can find a closed parking lot or private road(track) to practice on, that would be best.

Once you get into it, you might discover that you have a little of the [Dunning-Kruger effect](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect) and realize you didn't know how much you really don't know about driving. 

A licence just proves you know the rules of the road and can operate the basics of a car.  It doesn't mean you can actually *drive*


  




 well, first off, do you want a manual or auto?  That'll eliminate a few options right there (no manual and AWD)

Also, if you've only been driving on public streets since January, this will be a lot of car for you (300+hp).  There are lots of electronic counter measures that will help keep you on the road, but that doesn't keep you 100% safe.

Am I reading right that you are in Mexico?  No idea what's available as far as driver training, but in the states we have advanced driving courses that teach you racing mechanics and skills that will translate well to emergency maneuvers when needed, but it requires practice to be able to feel what the car is doing or is going to do and adjust accordingly.  They can be pricey ($500/day) but if you love to drive it's worth every penny (peso?) 




 That or they don't believe me 




 Find a normal tightness, then go one looser and you should be fine 




 Loose fit should be fine.  I wear mine one notch looser than I normally would.  The normal notch cracked it in the first week 




 Nothing.  It's when the band is under too much stress.  A normal metal back would have no issues with the amount of stress it takes to crack the back of this 




 Mobile app glitched 




 My wife looks very similar to her, and she's a gamer/anime watcher.  She's my personal geek goddess 




 Kind of like amg for Mercedes and SRT for Dodge. 




 Weird. Not sure then 




 I'll never buy a car that has an automatic transmission.  A sequential paddle one is the closest I'll get.  My 08 had the slave cylinder fail, but it's never been an issue as far engagement 




 I'm sure it's the same thing that happens to all brakes.  When you push the pedal down, it compresses some air and it's leaking out right at the pedal.  Nothing too wrong about it, but dust could get in there 




 Lead was banned across the board in 1978 




 Inner cities are nothing but roads and buildings.  The lead gets everywhere and people were breathing it in. 




 Love, to a tennis player, only means you haven't scored yet. 




 Or project cars? 




 well...the hair dryer does move air. 




 Chocolate's melting point is 88 degrees  Fahrenheit. The phone is meant to withstand about 120 degrees like most other electronics

 You might be able to take a hair dryer, heat up the chocolate and blow it out at the same time.  You can also put a towel over the affected area and use the dryer again to heat up the towel and soak up the chocolate at the same time.  Just take your time and don't get the phone too hot.

This is a similar method on how to get wax out of carpet. 




 So...skeet shooting with prizes?

Neat! 




 Then you don't have a current plan.  All the current plans have hotspot enabled for free.

If you are rooted, there have been things you can mod (usually the build.prop file) that will bypass the check and just enables it anyway.  I'm sure XDA has this somewhere. 




 SettingsWireless   networks...MoreTethering   portable hotspot enable portable hotspot (after setting it up) 




 Here's a video I did on my car for the g37s version of that exhaust. https://youtu.be/tw41sSRZ4mU?t=227

You can watch the whole thing for a full comparison at various speed vs stock. 




 Huh, must not be too many hills where you go.  I had a hell of a time anytime a hill was involved even with snow tires 




 5w-30 oil.

I have a manual so I don't know about the transmission part. 

Just check the manual. 




 Obsidian can be sharpened to a thickness of one atom 




 "Infiniti performance line" I think.  Think NISMO edition, but for Infiniti 




 The window issue... Try rolling them all the way down then roll them up fully and hold the window up button for 15 seconds after they are all the way up. That works on my coupe 




 canadian version I assume?  How's it handle in the snow with those tires?  Also, you can get the 18"s on there without the brake calipers rubbing?  Neat. 




 only if it's turbocharged... 




 But when the 1 asshole is the CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER of the company, I'm not going give that company any money at all.  These franchisors are voluntarily opening these businesses.  They know full well the backstory of the company they are investing buckets of money in to.  




 Maybe they'll redo the entrance?  But that's going to be a traffic shit storm if these places are a popular as I've heard. 




 I was happy to pay $950 for my tires (at America's Tire).  They've been the best tires ever. (Michelin Pilot Super Sport).

You might fit in with that Eastern Washington hispanic crowd with these.  Just depends on who you clients are. 




 I'd have to go in there to do that.  Doubt that'll happen 




 I'm more of a grilled chicken guy myself 




 In the Lowe's parking lot specifically 




 The franchisee still gives money to the corporation in royalties and supply chain.  Therefore part of my money will go to that purpose.  As such, I'll not spend one dime at any of these locations.

However, if someone else had and extra one, and I was hungry, I'm sure I'd eat it. 




 It's from Flight of the Conchord's 




 These are Arelli Jovan wheels.  They were popular ~10 years ago when DUBs were the thing to have.  For some reason I can't find anyone selling them now so I can't give you a price comparison.  

You need to see what bolt pattern they are. They need to be 5x4.5" or 5x114.5mm.  If they are, then yes they'll fit. 

They'll be ugly, but they'll fit.  It's your car. You can do as you wish. 




 If anything is announced at I/O, the actually product could be 6+ months away. 

So if you can wait that long...you'll never buy anything because something better will be along 6-9 months later, always. 




 you're close.  It's not about the little islands in the pacific, it's about the bigger island a few thousand miles northwest. 




 Anything that is between you and the ground.  Mattress, shoes, tires, etc. 




 If they weren't on the road for the next week, I'd set it up 




 A friend of my parents is one of the duckmasters. It's a neat gig from what I've been told 




 I took the train from Mountain View to go to pier 39 once.  It was less...for both me and my wife. 




 For about 30 miles 




 I have the red one and it's fine. 

add that plus the CF dBrand skin and red Moto M.  It's sexy as hell
 




 he said toll AND parking. You can do $25/day parking pretty easy 




 [this explains both the link and comment karma decay mechanics](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlI022aUWQQ) 




 It's less about the tech of the router and more about their little xfinity system that they sell.

They have one master box that is connected to the modem.  Then if you have slave boxes where other tv's are, those act as repeaters for the wifi.  So when they claim the fastest "in home wifi", it's due to having a very strong wifi signal that allows you to get the most speed that the modem is providing anywhere in the house (or outside).  

You can have a 10Gbps connection right to your house, and a 802.11AC router sitting right next to it.  But if it's like my house and in a closet in a corner of the house, it doesn't have a strong wifi connection in most areas of the house.  So you'll be lucky to get 5-10% of what the modem can do.  




 in 2010, ATT claimed largest 4G network because HSPA+ was considered "4G" at the time.  So they were right.  VZW said they had the most LTE coverage, so they were right as well.  T-Mobile claimed the fastest LTE, and they were also right because it was averaging like 30mbps, but only in like 4 cities at the time.

It's all about how you spin it.  So when you see all these claims that each one of them makes, it seems like they all make the same claim and it gets jumbled when you try to remember it later. 
























