 Why is The Room so amazing?  




 Are you still in contact with Tommy? Does Tommy actually view the film as a black comedy? Does he hurt ever that people don't take the film seriously as the drama it appears to be? Is Tommy in a relationship? Is he married? How's his sex life?  




 When will the Neighbors Happen? Are you going to be in Foreclosure?  









 How dare he criticize RuPaul's Drag Race.  




 Is Amsterdam seriously that ballin'? 




 that's freaky 




 you're pretty cringe as fuck if you think I'm being sarcastic... you think those people look good? i saved those pics to my computer they were so funny.  




 are you kidding? this is cringe as fuck. look how horrible their cosplay is.  




 "Don't cry because you're getting divorced, smile because you had sex." Something tells me she's never had sex.  




 Who is this guy? I love him. 




 i dunno.. they seem innocent n goofy...  




 super cringe 




 kinda epic tat 




 death penalty come on 




 no, i actually liked their sense of humor... maybe i'm the .7% but i thought it was funny... 




 THIS IS WHERE IT BELONGS. 




 i think there is a hell and it was watching that...  




 It looks like it's going to die soon.  




 u just made me cringe 









 Thank you... The real hipsters pf vancouver - final cut was one of the most cringe things i've ever seen.... "Lena Dunham would be an example of somebody who I basically idolize." 




 the thing that makes it so cringe is when a hipster says he's a hipster and then become like a real hipster and those hipsters are the worst. good hipsters hate being called hipsters but this guy goes vote for t at the end... and his soft spokenness. sooooo bad.  




 GREATEST VIDEO ON THE INTERNET. HANDS DOWN.  




 Kinda amazed by how far he was getting with her. 




 link to videos? would love 2 cringe 




 I LOVE GUYS IN FEDORAS!!! I'VE NEVER SEEN A GOOD LOOKING FEDORA POST 1957! 




 I loved it. I would watch more Simpsons in this style.  




 So good. 




 So much better than the other Everything I Do video. Highlights include any close up of his face, the guy who came out of his dorm and saw that really weird guy making a video and the ending where he turned into a ghost. 10/10  




 I can just hear him saying in Jasper from Family Guy's voice "Girl's Night!" I don't know why. 




 do things get lost in a white hole? i'm uh tell you the same thing, why does it gotta get lost in black hole? why does it get lost in a brown hole? why does it get lost in a black hole? oh, because some scientists said it? is that the reason? i wonder what color those scientists were. Ah. 




 The end when they started playing Thrift Shop was so bad I had to laugh.... and I wish it went longer... 




 i wish i was still deaf was definitely the winning line for me. skinny doom ftw! 




 That was so amazing.  




 This makes me cringe.  




 Yay! Napoleon Hill! (the interesting thing about the sex transmutation thing is that it encourages edging but not ejaculating... if you have a different interpretation let me know.) 




 I actually enjoyed it.  




 24 my ass. 




 Genius. Revolutionary.  




 Do you think they have sex with eachother? 




 I know. I feel really smart now.  




 if it was fake he still ate something out of a murky toilet bowl... and it looked real... and the kid was really weird... it was disgusting regardless.  




 I don't think I will ever see anything more cringe ever. EVER. You have won /r/cringe. 









 I cringed. 




 That was kind of amazing.  




 I can hear Jane lynch in some fucking apatow movie calling somebody a fucking retard.... This is BS.... Retard is not a slur.  




 OMG What a faggot. LOOK AT HER BRACELETS!! 




 I think they might have autism... In another video JB mentions making a documentary about autism... Now I feel kind of shitty for laughing. 




 Everyone's just trying to jock the 90's kids swag. Only 90's kids will get this. 




 That kid pissed me off. I just wanted to punch him. Couldn't even make it through the video.  




 Surrrre they wrote it.  




 Those girls definitely did not play Magic The Gathering. Also, where the fuck was Inspector Gadget? 




 Sooooooo goooood. 




 Did anybody think she sounded a little like Kesha? The other guy's voice was sooooo bad. As was the music and lyrics. Her voice was eh.  




 Please repost this in cringepics somebody. Please. 
 




 Telll me whyyyyy? Why must I cry? Why must I cry? Why?????????? 




 Howard is too funny.  




 Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 She kind of had a post op trans-male Judi Dench vibe. It was interesting.  




 I feel so bad for her.  




 Does he actually think people believe that shit?  




 The pic made me chuckle... 




 You deserve more upvotes. 




 That was actually the worst thing I've ever seen. Ever.  




 I used to think his myspace photos were sickening, and I wanted to love this... but no.... His voice sucks and the lyrics were shit...  




 That's pretty fierce.  




 The Room meets Kill Bill. A must watch. 




 the impression is amazing... but... cringe... 




 I love efukt 




 Literally made me say "What the fuck." 




 I think that was Chris Dorner. 




 I am so sorry for all of you that go to SUNY..... Just wow.... 




 ehh... its just an unpopular opinion so i guess the voice in my head was reluctant to admit how it feels. 




 i think its better. i mean.... taking batman so serious... there are still gaping logic flaws..... in begins... then with dark knight we get heath which is the best thing about the series.... pure genius... and some great scenes... but still... the full package is a little too ultra serious for me.... with too large logic flaws... and then rises.... what a steaming turd that was.... this has my favorite scene when selina kyle goes insane.... danny elfman's score is ridiculously amazing.  




 That might have been the worst thing ever. 




 I've seen waaaaaay worse. 




 whoa.... who the f upvoted this shit? 




 that movie is underrated like crazy. still think it's the best batman film... 




 well... i loved it 




 That was seriously weird... 




 right? 




 i seriously don't see how this is a joke... it's not particularly clever...
 




 wow 




 is it spoiler free? 




 i hope they don't get killed by any drones 




 this kid should audition for american idol or some shit... he had an an amazing voice..... but like.... yeah.... 




 biggest cringe ever 




 maximum cringe level reached.  




 the best is the zelda tattoo lady showing her tits. sooooo cringe 




 Camp Joy from 1:01 - 1:14 was the best thing ever. 




 that was amazing... it was like a cringe video inside of a cringe video 




 same 




 that was amazing. 




 What's with the dub? 




 The photo for that meme is pretty epic. 




 Keep your wife close, but your daughter closer????????? 




 LMAO 




 *CRINGE* 




 that shit aint cringy. that shit true as fffff 




 What is this from? I must see it. 




 I don't find this that WTF... People get obsessive over artists all the times... MJ's music was actually amazing... This just seems like an uber fan collection... Just saying. 




 I kinda feel like all the negative effects from masturbation come after the orgasm. The guilt, the shame, the loss of energy etc... If I edge I feel better than before.  




 I think so but I'd like to hear what you guys think. 




 I want to hear the story about the poop coming out of the vagina.  




 I'm only on my 5th day and last night I had a sex dream which I've basically had only maybe 2 or 3 of in my life... I PMO'd everyday for the past 10 years...  




 I'm sorry but I did not hear Islam is the light. I heard Mmmm-mmmm ei uh ei-light.  




 This seems like some Human Centipede shit to me.... The last photo makes me think the guy performing the operation was not a real doctor... Unless the operation isn't complete in the photos... Srsly WTF. 




 Do you think she got that dress off a Snow White doll from the Disney Store? 




 That's actually the cutest cat I've ever seen.  




 That was one of the greatest reactions to anything I've ever seen.  




 I kinda wanna try it... 




 Oh my goodness. I started yesterday... This shit is so much harder than I thought it would be... I congratulate you on getting so far. You are a true inspiration! 




 Is that real? Please be real. 




 Messed up... Shoulda titled it "Excuse Me! I can't resist!" 









 I agree. This isn't what this subreddit is about to me. When it leaves the confines of your bedroom / private place it becomes total faggotry.  




 Seems pretty real. 




 I thought that was a dildo at first, when I realized what was going on I was like.... W.........T.........F........ 




 I love that your name is Phayded and you're a cop.  



















 So... I can't remember as much detail as I'd like to about these encounters because they happened almost 10 years ago when I was in 8th and 9th grade but I'll tell you everything I remember.
 

I had just begun training to be on freshman football for the upcoming year and everyday after school I would take the bus to the high school I was going to be attending the next year and practiced for several hours with a small group of other 8th graders. Practice would end each day around 5:30 and most of the guys would have rides by 6. Not me. My parents have been notorious for picking me up late since as far back as I can remember.


I was sitting in front of the gym at the high school on my Sidekick 2 AIMing with some friends while waiting to be picked up but not expecting to be for at least an hour or more. There were still around 15 - 20 high school kids still waiting to be picked up hanging out in front of the gym but they were sitting on large steps about 30 yards from where I was. I was a shy little 8th grader so I sat alone on a brick stoop on the the sidewalk waiting to get picked up.


It was now around 6:20 when I noticed sitting about 20 yards down the stoop to the left of me was another person. I could tell he was African American and in kind of dorky cheap looking thrift-shop quality clothing but that was all I could see from the distance. I assumed he was just a high school student.  So I went back to my phone and continued chatting with my friends waiting for my parents to pick me up. It was probably now around 6:45 and the sun was beginning to go down. A lot of the kids had gone home. This was at the end of the school year so there weren't many Athlete's at school late. I think at the time all team sports had ended. I noticed that the guy was now sitting on the big steps right in front of the gym where the high school kids would sit, but alone, estranged, almost as if he was trying to blend in with the other kids even though he was not friends with them. I just assumed he was some dork or loser who wished he had friends.


I went back to my phone for a little and then decided to look behind to see how many kids were still left when I saw he was looking at me. When he saw I had looked at him he quickly looked away. I thought... "Oh, that was just one of those simple awkward moments when you accidentally lock eye contact with somebody. Totally innocent.." But I still hadn't gotten a good look at his face. 


Now, about another 20 minutes passed and it was now almost completely dark. The street lights had come on. A few kids were still around, but not many. The guy gets up and now comes and sits on the brick stoop I'm sitting on and is now maybe only 15 feet away, and I can now get an actual good look at him. He was much older, maybe early thirties, light skinned, mildly overweight with short curly light brown hair. He had a real innocent boyish looking face but you could tell he was older. He had light blue eyes too. I got really creeped out at this moment but then thought, maybe he just seems older and is just a high school student. Maybe I'm being too paranoid. I saw he had no backpack, to which I then thought, Oh, it's probably on the big steps. He wasn't right next to me, he was probably just a high school kid I thought. 


So, now at this point there's only 2 kids still waiting to get picked up, besides me and this creepy guy. I realize he keeps looking at me and smiling like he's trying to get my attention. I look at him and I smile, just to be nice because at this point I've convinced myself he's a student. He smiles back. Nothing happens. I'm relieved, he didn't attack me or even start talking to me. He then sits there, constantly shaking his head back and forth smiling, and like rubbing his upper thighs on top of his jeans. This goes on for about 15 minutes and I message my friends about this weird guy and how "funny" it is. I really thought he was probably just some unfortunate high school kid who looked much older than he actually is... That's until the last 2 kids waiting to get picked up leave. I remember them just walking down the street instead of getting into a car and me being left alone with what I thought might be a pedophile. About a minute passed and he came and sat right next to. Our thighs were touching. My heart started racing a million miles a second. He kept rubbing his leg in a sexual way when he sat next to me.


"Can I help you?" I asked in a harsh tone that implied he was it my personal space. 


"Can we be friends?" he said with a sinister grin


I got scared and got up and started running with my backpack on. I ran to a hotel 5 blocks from where I was because I was so freaked out. I could tell he wasn't a student, but I had the security of the other students nearby in case anything happened so I could just ignore his ominous presence. When I saw him looking at me from a distance and then slowly creeping up to me, it just felt so weird I didn't care if he was just some losery guy, which I later realized he wasn't... But after that moment I felt I might have been a little mean. Like, what if that guy actually, wanted to be friends, and I just made him feel like the ultimate loser by running away because he has no social skills? This lingered with me for a little bit until after seeing this guy some places a few more times I realized, A. He was not a student of my high school and B. He was not the age of students in high school. 


--------------


So the first thing I'll say is, this man was very memorable. His face, his look, the whole experience. When I saw him again I was sure it was him. I could undoubtedly pull him out of a line up of lookalikes, nobody looks like him, he just had this creepy aura about him. Very very very creepy. I saw him 2 more times after the first time and I remembered all his weird little mannerisms. I say this because I know he was not a student at the high school at the time or anytime after because I went to the high school and never saw him, and because of the following encounter... 


So, it was my freshman year of high school and it was Homecoming night. I wasn't on the Varsity team so I was in the crowds with some friends. I had some older friends and they asked if I wanted to leave the game and go to the park nearby and smoke some weed. I said yeah and we walked to the park about a block from my school. When we got there one of the older guys pulled out a joint and we all started smoking it. It was one of my first times getting high so I really enjoyed it. We were all starting to feel the effects of the Marijuana and started to become more giggly and joyful. We decided we wanted to go play on the swings and go on the jungle gym. 


So we started toward the kiddie area where we weren't expecting to see anyone but did... A  lone figure was sitting on one of the swings just kicking his feet in the dirt. At first we assumed it just another high school student but as we got closer we saw it wasn't another student, it was the creepy guy! I quickly said to everyone "Oh, my, God, I think that guy is a pedophile or rapist or something, I swear, last year I swear he was like checking me out or something and then like asked me to be his friend but I ran away." One of the older guys said "That guy is definitely a pedophile." I asked them "Have you ever seen that guy at the high school before?" and they said "No, that guy's like 35." These were current Seniors, so I knew he hadn't graduated the year before, you would recognize him for looking so much older, he's just some creeper who hangs around the high school. I remembered how bad I felt for him when I thought he might have just been some horrible loser who wanted friends, but then I thought there was probably something more sinister at play. I wasn't the only one who thought he was a little too old to be hanging out around high school kids... So, we decided to go play at another end of the park because this guy was too creepy. 


--------------


The last time I saw him was later that year, when I think about it it still gives me the chills. It wasn't as if he had actually done anything to me accept look at me, smile, and ask to be friends... He never assaulted me or nor did I ever see him assault anyone, so, it's not like I could ever report him for anything... But this was the creepiest for me. I went to the Public Library after school one day to do homework because I had had a lot of work culminating over time and I was going to force myself to finish it all before I left the library... or so I thought. I went to the back where it's very academic. About 16 tables, everybody working in pure silence, lots of shhhh's, lots of hard work getting done.


I sit down at one of the only two free seats. Everybody is absorbed in whatever work they were doing. I remember the man across from me looked like a homeless African American man writing a screenplay by hand on notebook paper. "That's awesome" I thought. I assumed it was probably really interesting... whether it was crazy or genius, the screenplay of a homeless man would be an interesting read... But then I stopped thinking about that because I noticed somebody in the computer section just beyond the section I was in. It was the creepy guy and he was using a computer 30 feet away from me. Just then a woman came and sat next to me. I can't remember the details of who she was but I do remember the relief of the open seat next to me being filled. I began to feel safe like I did the first day I saw this man. 


I began to start my History assignments, I was safe in public, and best of all.. he couldn't get near me. I had gotten a good thirty minutes into reading when I noticed at another table the creepy guy had sat down and started to do some work. I tried to ignore it and just think to myself he was just a sad guy with really bad social skills trying to better himself at the library. (I hoped) He probably didn't even notice me. The library was still packed. I was safe... So I went back to work and tried to ignore any thoughts I had of this man and focus on my History... That's when it happened. About an hour after creepy guy sat down to start his work the woman who had been sitting next to me started to put her stuff away. She packed her books into her purse and left. The seat next to me was free, as were many others. I thought, "How creepy would that be if that guy came and sat next to me... Nah... that won't happen... he has a seat. That would be super creepy and suspicious. There's no way that's gonna happen." And then it happened. He picked up all the stuff he was working on and came and sat down right next to me. He even had a big smile while he did so.  He came to my table and sat next to me. I looked at him for one second and he had a creepy smile on his face as he was looking at me. It scared the living shit out of me. I quickly stood up. Grabbed my book and notes, shoved them in my backpack and quickly fast walked to the entrance of the library.  


I never went back to the library again after that day and always made sure I only hung around groups in public places. Luckily I never saw the man again. But in that moment, when he sat next to me, I knew he had been watching me... For how long, who knows? Waiting... Hoping for something... For what? Something I'm glad I'll never know...

TL;DR: When I was 14   15 a much older creepy man watched me from afar and slowly got closer to me until he sat down right next to me scaring me so much that I would run away. Once after school when I was the only kid there waiting to be picked up by parents in the dark many hours after school had ended, and once at the public library where he knew I was afraid of him. 


































 What girls? As friends? He's like definitely gay. As in homo-sexual.  




 omg i must have this 




 gorgeous 




 OMG I NEED THESE. CAN SOMEBODY PLEASE OOK ME UP WITH A TORRENT OR SOMETHING. THIS IS THE BEST THING EVER AND 100% BETTER THAN THE NETFLIX VERSION. TAKE NOTE NETFLIX RE-EDIT IT.  




 WHAT THE FUCK 




 His eyes are so dead. I'm sad for him. He knows he officially sold his soul with this one.  




 I used to watch Nickelodeon everyday from maybe 4 - 12 (maybe 11)... WTF happened.  




 WHERE DO I BUY THIS?!?!?!! 




 freaky ass shit.  




 This should be illegal.  




 Is there a TShurt? 




 College.  




 Why? 




 SUCH PRETTY COLORS 




 his sex tape was released himself HELLO 




 I don't care for P-Hound.  




 I loved the living shit out of this movie when I was 8. Haven't seen it in forever, wonder if I'll still like it.  




 So far, INCREDIBLE. Like... I really don't know what it is but I've laughed more in this first episode than I laughed the entire 15 episodes I watched on Netflix. A few of the edits are a little jarring in a way, but not so much so. LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE IT. Wish this could be the way they delivered it. Thank you so much!!!!!! 




 SOOOOOO CUTE!!!!!!!!! 




 I hope she's on All Stars 2... :D 


Oh the shade of it all! 




 In other news, who agrees with Ru? Did always really need to be in all capitals? Is it ALWAYS, Ru? Always? I can't really tell. Wanna know what y'all think.  




 What'd Amanda say? 




 Edged n came... Kinda fell off the bandwagon then back on and off... On a good streak right now... Really not planning on relapsing this time. Feels just like when I went on my first thirty day streak. Hopefully I can make it to 50 days this time. 




 At first I thought it was QWOP holding a hammer.  




 Love. 




 I hope someday a studio like them or they themselves will make amazing games like they did.  




 ugh.... i love these movies.... really want more even if they blow.  




 Holy shit bro. I'm inspired.  




 They could do it Kill Bill style and Johnny wakes up from a coma. Lisa, guilt ridden decides to go back to Johnny who is happy because Lisa is the love of his life. She then gets sick of him again and starts more crazy bullshit leading to... Another tragedy... 

Or Greg n Lisa have to raise Denny to honor the memory of Johnny. Tommy could play a different character with some prosthetics and not be Johnny. We need more Tommy nudity though.  




 Sad but true. I think focusing on only a few characters at a time killed it.  




 Am I the only one who might give this a shot? Some of the shots were beautiful. All the nudity is a bit jarring and the director seems to be a provocateur but it definitely looked like it had some potential.  




 I was dissapointed :( I wanted to see a faces of meth person doing duckface. :(:(:(:( 




 what game is this? 




 I think we need to call Maury in for this one.  




 Funniest boobs ever. 




 ..but... they have to be trolling right? i mean... they were paying homage to Friday right??? RIGHT???? 




 Wow. Worst analogy EVER. I'd consider sex with someone you love as a good restaurant and fast food as hooker sex. But still I'm not making the example. I find sex with prostitutes is always unfulfilling, whereas sex with a consensual partner is the best thing ever.  




 You sir are an inspiration. What has been the biggest change you've notice about yourself? What do you think is the best thing NoFap has brought you? What advice to you have to those who have time struggling with their addiction and wonder why should I keep going? How do / did you make it through those particularly difficult days... Have you almost ever lost out edging?  




 Have you remained a virgin by choice or what do you think it is? Confidence, looks, no time, religion...? 600 days on hard mode. Wow. I salute you, good sir.  




 Edging becomes addictive and its what lead me to relapse today after 35 days. Its good you didnt orgasm but don't edge either. 




 After 35 days... Kinda pissed... But at the same time... Astonished. 

Pros: 

-Proud I made it this far. 

-Biggest cum shot and amount of cum I've ever had and I was in astonishment that I could actually cum that much and was soo happy, it was almost worth the relapse for me. 

-I jacked it one more time about 30 minutes later just to see if the cum shot would be as impressive and it was exactly like the first. I used to shoot blanks all day everyday.. Now I had like 5 table spoons worth. I had to change my clothes and shower. Kind of amazing. 

Cons:

-Kinda sad and lethargic... Wish I could have kept it going. 

-Gotta reset my badge and instead of being 55 days away from 90 I'm now 90 days away from 90... 

I'm starting up again because I can already feel the energy depletion from those two jerkin seshes but whatever. I made it super far once already, it was fun and a BIG learning experience. Definitely don't want to be a PMO'er, but 35 days is a freakin long time and a great start. I've lost 25 pounds since I started NoFap, and I'm starting up again right now because when I'm not masterbating I'm doing more productive things so I just wanted to put this all on here to keep myself honest and accountable. Wish you all the best of luck! 




 Truer words have never been typed. 




 Thanks :) 




 On shrooms I saw the devil's face over my face and it freaked me the fuck out.  




 FUCK YA 




 Napoleon Hill's been dead forever.... Love TNGR n have tried to master my sexual beast ever since reading it. NoFap has helped so much. 




 If she'll be here in lets say 30 days (or hopefully more)... Why not wait out till then...  




 What's the difference between hard mode and easy mode?  




 Awww... This made me a little sad but the thing is, a lot of guys are in different boats. Some guys have girlfriends already, some guys are really good looking, some guys are not, some guys want to stop fapping for more confidence, some guys want to stop fapping for religious reasons, some guys want to stop fapping just because it's a waste of time, some guys want to stop fapping because they think it will help them get with girls. I'm not going to say which boat I'm in because I don't want anybody to think that this is another self ego stroking post as some of the posts in this subreddit are, but I will say I have seen good things happen in my life in the past 27 days of nofap and I consider nofap a major reason for so.  




 Holy shit.... 









 Yeah... I just fooled around for three hours n have several dates lined up this week... Kinda crazy how this first date ended with kissing which led to groping which led to dry humping, mutual head giving n constant kissing. I've never had an experience like this before. I had to share with you guys how natural and easy everything felt... And because we didnt have pentrative sex i said I'd rather have more dates n get to know eachother better so we dont ruin our relationship early by just hooking up. We got clothed n I didn't cum. I feel great n know I can do even better... Yayyyyy for NoFap.

Edit: sorry the title is stupid... If a mod could change it to 'not even thirty days in...'... Thanks :) 




 I survived.... Feeling less horny n actually have two dates next week..... 




 This is the horniest slash desperate I've ever been. I need some support guys... I'm on the edge.  




 SWEET BROWN ISN'T A 2012 THING. SWEET BROWN IS A FOREVER THING.  




 No, you lost to yourself. 

 




 Proud of you bro. 




 Now kiss! 




 10/10 would cringe again 




 *Jealous*

Thanks for more inspiration! 




 WILLAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




 So true. 




 Things that give me hope: straight guys who love RuPaul's Drag Race. 




 Bad tattoo but I still love it omg 




 This is a good little slave....


Also imagine what princess Mandy actually makes him do. She probably beats the shit out of him and makes him roll around in his own feces. This is a slave fetish. 




 Fake, look at the poster names. 




 Yeah, SA is pretty disgusting. And they make fun of you when you say you we're addicted to master bating. They don't think there's anything wrong with that, or at least at the meetings I've gone to.  




 Drink Zenify. Best drink ever. 




 Are you Napoleon Dynamite? 




 There should be a 12 step FA (fappers anonymous) or MA (masterbators anonymous) or PA (porn anonymous) program. For real. I would go. 




 True dat. 




 It's interesting how coherent and concise this post was... Just saying.. Gonna keep going. I already know NoFap isn't a placebo.  




 I don't know if there is a NoFap forum but if there is could somebody link me? If not I think we should start one. Reddits great but lacks the personalness a forum can have. Thanks, Fapstronauts! 




 Sounds fun. 




 Genius.  




 That would work. This meme doesn't get the meme imho.  




 I feel like this would be better if it was like "one does not simply feel crappy after relapse." Implying you feel horrible.  




 Hope it's Jinkx's crown. She's the SUPAH STAH.  




 Yeah.... but... she's really not that spectacular to me. She's funny but not nearly as funny as Jinkx. I really don't think Alaska has something more than Jinkx. She really doesn't. If anybody has the X/WOW/It Factor... It's Jinkx for me. But to each his own. I love Alaska... I'm just goo goo for Jinkxy.  




 Awwwwww mang. Wish I still lived in NYC.  




 Where did u buy tickets? 




 Loved it. 




 "So, Alaska, why do you deserve to win...? " - "Uh... Star quality... The X Factor."

I cringed. Go Jinkx.
 




 Yeah, I want to go. All my dreams will come true.  




 Why are you comparing these 2? Yeah... and freakin Adele rapes both their asses. Big whoop.  




 Fuck Hitler.  




 anybody else find this little bit about jinkx just a little hokey? she always brings it so i feel like she shouldn't be so nervous. i wish she wouldn't be so... afraid i guess. besides that she's still my favorite queen this season.  




 You probably wouldn't have gotten on a date if it wasn't for NoFap... Also, this story was painfully awkward.  




 Same... 




 So I have a house keeper who comes to the house 4 days a week and has known me for a really long time.. Today I came downstairs around noon and I started to talk to her and she said, "What are you doing? You look so good." I laughed and pretended like I didn't know what she was talking about but in the back of my mind I was like NoFap... It made me happy and I was surprised she could see what seemed like a significant change in just one week. I've had boatloads of more energy, it's kind of crazy and I've almost beaten my previous no fap record which was 8 days. I've been a chronic masterbator since I was 12, 23 now. Typical day consisted of 5-10 PMO sessions. The best compliment she gave me was that I look younger. Only day 7! Can't wait to see what life has in store for me, I'm done with PMO for good!  




 Who the fuck names their turtle Adolf?? 




 All things /r/Athiesm 




 Can I be a part even though I already started several days ago? By the way, the urge has been there but I've said no because I can come here and read the success stories so many other people on this subreddit have had. It's kept me going strong and even though it's not the longest I've gone without orgasming (8 days), it's the longest I've gone without edging. I haven't edged once since I started and I've already gotten so much stuff I've been putting off literally forever done and I feel amazing... And I think I'm only on day 5! 




 I kind of love this tattoo. I had a Sidekick 2 which is what this is...  




 A lot of the comments and this entire posting were pretty science heavy which was a bit confusing to me but I see a lot of people agreeing with the PhD (PhD is doctor of Philosophy, not Medical... so he's not a Medical doctor FYI...)... There are many doctors, especially PhDs, who think they're experts in something but they're incorrect about many things.. (I don't want to have that discussion so if you expect a response from me talking about it, I'm really not going to go there, I've dealt with a lot of PhD's in my time.) Anyway... What I wanted to say was to the people who agree with the science this PhD has supposedly presented in that NoFap has nothing to do with our chemical make up being negatively affected by masterbating and all to do with just having the novel need to end the habit I have to throw in my 2 cents... Yes, I want to stop masterbating but it is because I don't like the way I feel after my body goes through the physical chemical change of orgasming alone. I get groggy, hungry, unmotivated and as a result guilty and begin self loathing... To me this is 100% chemical. I'm sure if you did case studies you would find that orgasming decreases energy and concentration... As a result if you are addicted you aren't ever going to get anything done with your life. That's the truth to me, it's not just about some habit I want to get rid of. It's chemical. I don't know if it's dopamine or something else but I know my body goes through a dramatic chemical change during sex (whether with just me or another) and significantly afterwards.  




 You're retarded. 




 I agree.... I thought she was pretty good. I couldn't do that. 




 I would believe this. 




 I've tried for years to edge and not finish but it was literally impossible for me... Everytime I would ejaculate and feel retarded and depressed after. This time I'm completely giving up edging.  




 So not cringe it's a joke... When I was 8 I would have watched THE SHIT out of this.  




 I just want to start punching him and say NO. THIS IS NOT OKAY.  




 Link... please... I'd be so much less disturbed if I saw him getting pounded by a big black cock....  




 No, go to the sidebar and message the bot, it will ask you to input a date and then about 2 or 3 hours later you'll have a badge next to your name.  




 I upvoted this for I liked the content of its message. That is all.  




 She has to be trolling. Please be trolling. Please for the sake of my childhood and all that is holy be trolling.  




 How has your life changed in these 64 days???? I want all the T! (Btw the thing says I have 111 days but I really have 5... I fell off the wagon after going on 7 days and having my first date which got a little sexual conversation wise and when I got home I masterbated... I fucked it up in our texts the next day and didn't even realize until a few days ago... I still really like him but when it comes to love/sex/relationships I'm always in a post cumming haze.... I hope I can get him to go on another date with me cause he has responded to some of my texts.... Ugh... When I get hard the urge to just touch n massage gets so strong then it feels so good it hurts to stop... Any advice would be great...) 




 This was more MorbidReality for me.  




 I'm scared. 




 Come on, you have to relate to this. 




 I was gonna upvote but you're at 42 so it felt wrong.  




 Omg cringe.  




 I found that kid awesome.  




 Oh, hi Mark, AMA, ha? 




 I think Garner thinking snuck isn't a word is more cringe.  




 Casem or Kassem or however the fuck you spell this twat's name always makes me cringe. Almost as much as that Philip DeFranco however you spell his name cunt.  









 I don't know why... But we were watching it and  right off the bat she was like... "Oh I love San Francisco... I can't wait to go back..." And then later when we were all laughing she was silent and after maybe the third sex scene I said "Do you like it?" cause I was afraid she thought it was just bad and I forced her to watch a movie as bad as The Room but she said "No... I love it..." Even though we loved it for other reasons... I also saw a video once of people leaving a screening at an NYC theatre who actually liked the movie legitimately... Not ironically either... I think they were watching it as part of a film festival in early 04 or 03... Oh, also, the woman's favorite movie is A Clockwork Orange... but come on... O HAI DOGGIE 




 looks sooo gooood 




 It's too Batman Begins for me... I just want Schumacher.  




 I heard it was so they didn't have to rack focus for lighting...  




 Here's a torrent link... http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/3317759/threads_%28nuclearwarmovie_conflict_discharge_crass%29_avi 




 You've only seen it FOUR TIMES!!!!??????? WTF!!!! I'VE SEEN IT LIKE 40...! 




 I WANNA BE HYPNOTIZED LIKE THIS!!!! 




 Almost sure he's Persian... Might be Armenian.  




 Awww.... Well if it's any consolation to him... My mom has a friend who is a very educated woman from Paris who watched The Room and didn't think it was funny and legitimately liked it... She didn't really care about the technical errors... She said she loved the drama.  




 What about Foreclosure? What do you know about it?  




 Yes... and I think I'm going to cry if you actually think I'll never see it... I want to learn about The Neighbors and the Princess and all the characters... Especially Tommy's.... WHY HASNT ANYBODY GREENLIT THIS????? ughhhhhhhh 
























 shady shade 









 I'd rather see him do a harder role sincd he's such a great fucking actor. BC for Riddler. 




 WTF right? 




 That's some day after tomorrow shit. 




 Yeah but on the show on Wednesday they said they were doing a show on Friday from CC San Diego which is where I am. 




 Anybody know where the Comic Con stuff is gonna be going on? I'm here and wanted to check it out. 




 Jinkx looks gor gor. 




 thanks for actually depressing me 




 You have brought me great joy.  




 Omg Luna looks adorable!!! 




 Please write something. You are a great writer.  




 He's still a genius. 




 Are you trolling? 




 That is the question. So... I don't know what it is but when I go on NoFap streaks, around the second or third week (at least this has been true the 2 times I've made it this far), I find myself having women very attracted to me. It's weird, when I fap, I can't get shit, and right now, I have several women who are very into me. The only thing I'm afraid of is that if I have sex and ejaculate I'm going to lose this thing that's so attractive... My mojo per se. If it were with a single partner I might not be as afraid, but it's several women that want to meet me and I want to fool around with all of them (not all at once, but like, screw one in the early evening and one later that night), I'm just afraid I won't have the mojo I have right now after I have sex. Thoughts? Advice? 




 I just brought a sausage egg mcmuffin home. which side am i on? 




 Damn... she's sadistic.  




 This is awesome.  




 LMAO 




 Best part by far.  




 Nice. 




 That's definitely not a cake. 




 5 more to go.  




 Thanks! And yes, I laughed really hard at your comment.  




 You're not going to hell if you bang a broad before marriage. Hell, there is no hell.  




 I feel like he needs the grapple hook.  




 Yeah, I'm in enlighten.  




 Probably the best comment that will take place in this thread. Yet so few will fail to recognize.  




 I cringed more that you've never cringed so hard.  




 This photo gave me extreme joy.  




 She's trolling. 




 Where's that video of the indian guy who has like a huge as cricket and cockaroach living in his ear? Having them taken out was so satisfying... I felt so good for him.  




 That's incest. 




 I thought he was a tool but now he's a total douche.  




 Poor cow :( 




 I like.  




 I assumed a real foot.  




 Yeah... like they're going to do that.  




 Lucky as fuck 




 That's really sad. I used to be very pro-choice.. And I still am pro-choicem just not nearly as much... I don't go around saying yes, go abortion, because I think it's so sad. I remember a debate I saw once where somebody said, if abortion is murder, masterbation is genocide, but then somebody rebuttled with, the difference between the sperm in a sock and a fertilized egg, is that the sperm will never grow up to be a person like you or I. And that really got to me... I hate abortion... I wish the government would pay people not to have them or something.  














 Did I just see Elizabeth's period?  




 I think somebody thought Problem Child was a documentary.  




 What is it? A Douche? 




 I declare war on Japan.  




 is that shit true about the 10 weeks and the fully formed feet n shit?  




 How could he not know? 









 So here's my dilemma. I'm about 10 days into my current nofap streak, and I feel amazing. I really think this not ejaculating business really helps keep me sharp. I've been feeling amazing. But one of my biggest motivators to do nofap is because when I am fapping I never get laid... But now, tonight, I have 3 different girls who are literally asking me to come have sex with them within the next 24 hours. I would give these girls 7+ (almost 8s)... But it's more than I ever get.... But... I... I just don't want to. But I do. But I don't. But I do. But I don't.... I told one of them already, I'm more interested in a relationship than a hook up, so I'm very confused. I think I'd rather not have the sex. But yeah... I don't really know how to say that. That I want to date and not hook up.... It's weird / hard.... 

On a somewhat related note, I saw a music video tonight of a girl that was so gorgeous, like a 9.9/10 physically, and it made me want to fap so fucking bad but I didn't because I know it would take me further from my goal of being with a girl like that, and it made me feel almost hopeless. Currently, I hate my body so much. I'm about 20 pounds overweight. I used to be about 70 pounds overweight, but i've been working at this diet shit so long that it just kind of hurts. I want to be stunning. I want to look like those guys on the cover of magazines. It's just... It's mother fucking hard, and I'm super fucking jealous of those guys who are there and I don't know when I'll be there. I love shitty foods so much, that I need a pleasure release somewhere. It used to be weed, then sleeping, then masterbation, now food. It's hard to change your diet completely because even if I'm eating healthy, I want to eat a lot of what I'm eating. Like i'll have 3 fucking pineapples, not just half of one... Or the whole box of whole wheat pasta, not just a single serving... Anyway... What do you guys think of hard mode vs. easy mode? I feel like easy mode doesn't give you half the benefits... In fact, I know it won't... I'm not gonna have sex with any of these girls.

Thoughts? Advice? Help?  




 Wasn't this ad post Arrested? Or did he do another? I really thought I knew that was Buster when I saw those ads and felt sad Arrested was dead :( 




 Ellen Page was amazing in The Last of Us.  




 Sell this. I would buy.  




 Pizza and fries.  




 To me it's different. It's a different way of life, not a goal.  




 Come on man. Don't stress what could have been. What do they say about falling off the horse? You'll get there. Stop whining, start winning.  




 one of the best posts i've read on here. had some total withness today. withness is the shit. (can i get a witness?... teehee. i'm lame.) 




 This is one of the best games ever. EVER.  




 Speed Racer is a masterpiece.  




 wOw 




 WOOHOO!!!!!!!!! 




 Nice mang! 




 Those books make absolutely no sense. Portions do. But overall nah.  




 can we see before n after plastic pics of sharon please 




 I LOVE EPIPHANY. GORGEOUS.  




 I'm pretty sure that was Trey Parker singing.  




 Mind = Blown.  




 I found this amazing.  




 I cringed. COME OUT OF THE CLOSET.  




 "You have an ugly heart." GOLD.  




 How old ya be? 




 His name.... was John.  




 go to some conspiracy subreddit. that wasn't funny.  




 Can't wait to be king of trolls.  









 I kind of felt this way about the last of us... i was like... seriously... this much circle jerk over thaaaat? i on the other hand adored bioshock infinite.  




 Literally what I was going to ask.  




 Hey guys! Fellow Fapstronaut here. I wanted to make you guys aware of a 100% NoFapping forum (I know of other forums with NoFap threads, but not a forum dedicated strictly to NoFap). It's not my site and I don't know any of the owners or anything so I'm not trying to pimp out my own site or anything. The reason I'm telling you guys about it is because after having been here on this subreddit for almost 5 months, I feel like this is a great tool and resource but it lacks a community and user familiarity aspect which a forum can bring. I joined last night and was hoping some of you awesome fapstronauts could come join so we can get some good discussions going and get to know each other so we can push each other and help each other really achieve our NoFap goals. I'm user Water2Funk, so feel free to message me and stuff. I really hope some of you guys join because, as great as this place is, the forum will really help us get to know each other and help us support each other with this journey and struggle. God speed Fapstronauts! 

link to forum: http://www.nofappers.org/forums/forum.php

edit: there's also yourbrainrebalanced.com which somebody just messaged me about... but why not join both...? the nice thing about nofappers is there is an off topic forum too. :)  




 i was with you until the cold showers.....  




 LOVE IT.  




 FUCK THIS.  




 I was disappointed. Definitely wanted to see one of them explode.  




 SO COOL! I WANT ONE FOR CHRISTMAS MOMMY! 




 Let me tell you once again who was bad. Him.  




 PLEASE GOD JESUS 




 That was terribly awkward.  




 eh... cheer leaders.  




 When will Pokemon look good? Saphire / Ruby was kinda nice... The DS games are so ugly. Decide 3d or 2d..... Not both. So ugly.  




 I'm thinking of back in the SNES days when you could play Donkey Kong Country against a friend by seeing who could beat the game first. First you would play the level, then your friend would have different colored clothing and play the same level. I know New Super Mario Bros. allows you all to play on one team, but I don't really enjoy it. Thanks for the input.  




 Bioshock Infinite rapes The Last of Us... Sorry, but The Last of Us is nothing compared to BI. BI WAS INCREDIBLEEEEE.  




 That's Hoggle.  




 You need to be in a 1990's Tim Burton movie ASAP. 




 That was one of the first comics to ever make me laugh out loud. "He ate my dreams!" 




 Also, is he a dwarf? 




 K.... 

Jiffy! 02:16-02:19

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6Hzrbbga8c feature=youtu.be t=1m45s

 




 Hit those notes girl.  




 That was like the acting in every other porno ever.  




 That was the gayest walk I've ever seen, and I've seen some pretty gay walks.  




 This gif has made my day.  




 Jiffy! 02:16-02:19 




 I downvoted cause I found what he was talking about actually interesting.  




 Hehe.... Filthy Assholes. 




 How can you hide even a small dildo under a bible? 




 I thought you were going to say Veggie Tales.  




 U just have bad taste. 




 Whatever Sharon did... She looks a lot more... Masculine... And stuff..... Before she was kinda ugly... Now she's definitely attractive.... Don't hate me but I can see Sharon leaving Alaska..... UGH WHY AM I SAYING THIS I'M A HORRIBLE PERSON. I BELIEVE IN LOVE!!!! But seriously.... Sharon looks WAY different.  




 So... What was that secret drink? Also, this shit about only having abs after starving yourself and such has to be BS right?  




 You are high.  




 This actually made me laugh a little.  




 I love Ru... But.... WTF.  




 having seen this several times.... i still love it.... i always wish it was longer. i love the little fetus calling daddy kfed.  




 Damn 602 days. What's your secret? 




 i'm 23. and yeah. ledger's performance will go down in history as one of the greatest performances of all time.  




 dark knight's a classic. timeless 




 douche 




 NO I AM SOOO STOKEDDDD 




 helll yes, spider-man! you rock! 




 let's dooo it. add me on skype or something so we can keep each other motivated.  




 I'm gonna do it. My longest streak was 35 days. On easy-hard mode (hooked up and had sex without ejaculating).... I'm ready for this shittt.  




 Maybe. Oh is an Asian last name I've heard before.  




 YEAHHHHH. But seriously. 90 days hard mode, decided yesterday. Starting today. Almost 48 hours in.  




 that guy was such an annoying douche 




 FUCK THAT 




 HER?! 




 That was amazing! 




 http://image.made-in-china.com/43f34j00sMLavVjtElqF/Aisi420-Stainless-Steel-Ball-SUS420-.jpg 




 Lame. Not WTF just wanna be quirky. Downvote. 
























 This song is the best original song by a Queen besides Ru's IMO, excluding Willam's because they're parodies.   




 omg i totally forgot about the word blooper 




 I want Harry as an auror, perhaps some new big baddie is emerging... Maybe Voldemort could return? If J.K. decides to do it, it'll be good. I have no doubts.  




 I was always disappointed that they didn't reveal who the marauders were, I always thought the twist reveals at the end of PoA were amazing, I couldn't believe how they left so many out of the film. 

I also would have loved to see Dobby and Winky in Goblet of Fire, as well as the Sphynx. 

I would have loved to have seen Wormtail have his hand choke himself to death.

Peeves. 

I always wish they would have included Nearly Headless Nick's birthday in CoS. 

And my biggest pet peeve with the movies is when Snape just shushes Harry before he goes up to kill him. In the book, Harry's under the invisibility cloak and is completely immobile, he would never have just let Snape shush him, he would have fought right away. Plus, it's so much more dramatic with Harry wanting to fight but not being able to... And when you find out it was Dumbledore's plan it just makes that moment so intense for me. One of my favorite moments in the books, devastating, but riveting. The movie's version was pretty lame compared to the book.  




 do you go to beverly? 




 pretty sure it was 




 Terrifying.  









 it looks like shes saying "put ur hands" 




 I love how some people on nofap are all like OMG I JUST REALIZED WOMEN ARE PEOPLE TOO BECAUSE I STOPPED MASTERBATING.  




 I saw him walking down the street once, he was golder than the fucking sun. Guy is obsessed with looking tan. I never watched west wing, but Social Network and Newsroom are fucking shitty and pretentious.  




 God, this show is for pseudo intellectuals. Hate it.  




 I LOVE JOAN NOW. "Don't get so FUCKIN' smart." 




 Wow. Love it.  









 Did he also buy your meth? 




 Some of those characters look nothing like anything in the hebrew alphabet.  




 LOL 




 video = awesome. song = oh god.  




 Great to hear! Hope you enjoy! 




 So... I start off by slicing the mushrooms into little slices and chopping the onions up to the size I want. I then take a pan and spray some organic olive oil spray, I use spectrum, but there are many brands. I usually have it at a high heat at first, then bring it down and up according to what else I'm doing in the kitchen. I put the mushrooms and onions in. I let them cook, sometimes with a lid, sometimes not, depends on how fast they're cooking, the onions seem to dry up before the mushrooms, so I usually put a lid after a minute for 3 -4 minutes, then take it off so they dry up a little. Then once they're all brown and a little burnt (I like them like that), I put a new pan on the stove, put the onions and mushrooms on after giving it another spray, then add the egg whites and broccoli and voila.  




 I don't really like Dylan McDermott but I always thought Booker looked just like him.  









 purple? 




 Filet mignon is really lean. It's less than 280, theres about 50 calories from the onions and mushrooms. 

edit: nvm, i guess i'm wrong. some sites told me one thing, and others are now saying another.... i'm assuming it's somewhere between 400 - 700 calories. sorry. i''m still new to this.  




 Be careful of carbs!!! I know how it feels to lose a bunch of weight really fast just to find when I go back to having even the tiniest amount of carbs I end up binging for days. ANYWAYS YOU ROCK! 




 15 miles?! Shit man! You rock! 









 I just started making fart noises with my mouth. I stopped and said sorry, then it happened again.  




 You're crazy to think girls never ever hit on guys. Just cause it hasn't happened to you doesn't mean girls try to get guys attention.  




 some people aren't on reddit 24/7. 




 I showed this to my Dad and he got really disturbed and started saying the guy was a pedophile... I kind of see it.  




 Thank god.. I was WTFing way too hard.  




 I would like to see this film. 




 I think this guy just beat John Sakars. 




 hey, i deleted this because i dont know why this took so long to show up but i reposted it and it appeared... you can find it on the front page of this subreddit.  




 L M A O 




 All I can think of is Vice City.  




 How'd you keep the fish from going bad?
 




 tell us more please 




 Looks like some Doctor Who shit.  




 ah... upvote for you 




 I felt like this a little during season 2 when she was bitching and moaning about little shit, but towards the end I really sympathize and feel bad for her. I, did however, kind of hate the actress when season 4 started cause she looked like she gained 20 pounds in what was supposed to be 24 hours. I got over it though.  




 I mean, that's what I thought, but it wasn't explicit. But it's definitely what I thought. I even think the actor alluded to it once in an interview I saw.  




 what is this from? it's awesome 




 huh 









 wtf 




 I really think Frank wanted Russo to be Governor but then Claire fucked it up when she met with those two senators and told them to vote against the bill. That's when Frank needed to intervene.  




 I wasn't trying to undermine him, I wanted to know about his experience. All i got was he got 100 days. Id like to hear how his life is different.  




 oh god i gotta see this movie that shit is SCARE E!!!! 




 I love the elizabeth pic but am I the only one who doesn't like the icons in ios7? they looks like some google bullshit. i love my glossy icons on my phone.  




 and? 




 i want one... too cuteeee 




 stop 




 except that he is... http://cdn02.cdn.justjared.com/wp-content/uploads/headlines/2008/08/kevin-spacey-butt.jpg 




 I was just discussing this with a friend and he didn't read the scenes at the academy the way I did. I really felt that the dialogue was alluding to some sort of sexual history between Frank and his pal. "Pleasing you" and "Yeah, but have you got somebody special?" and the "Come chill and let's go boating alone wink wink", really made me feel Frank was either gay or at least bisexual. The friend seemed to have some hardcore longing for Frank, and Frank, seemed too intensely into his job to even be willing to put something as dumb as lust before his career. As we know we haven't had many if any openly gay politicians in high places. I really liked it and I don't care if it comes back or not, but I was wondering if any of you read it that way too. My friend was kind of convinced after I told him and he said "Oh, maybe Zoe will uncover it or something" which could be interesting. What do you guys think? 




 Nah, I feel like, if he's producer it's still a higher quality comedy. At least ever since Knocked Up. They're still his films.  




 This would be an awesome way to start a Mario game.  




 It's got some nice cinematography, great comedic acting, a great script, nice music, good themes. It's quite a step above from your typical everyday comedies. As most of Judd Apatow's films are, but this one is still my favorite. I was also a big fan of This is the End. Including this with Pineapple Express and it's like a spiritual trilogy about best friends.  




 shaunie who smokes duh 




 I love you.  




 this topic is over 2 months old 









 I love it, but can I also get a link to the original outer space pic? 




 Oh, god, I hope Saul is okay.  




 Upvote for Harry Potter.  




 Kate has been excellent in HoC.  




 I like that Jim and Claire "tell each other everything", or basically, they fuck other people to use them slash get ahead. They're really hardcore.  




 How many calories do you think it is? It looks tasty.  




 It's weird but I feel like it would be a just as appropriate title. I haven't watched Game of Thrones yet, I'm still reading the first book, but when I was watching House of Cards I kept saying to myself, wow, Game of Thrones is so good. I feel like it could have easily been called Game of Thrones, but I feel House of Cards will be the best title once shit hits the fan, which I'm assuming it will.  




 I'm pretty sure it was Call of Duty.  




 He was always a pawn to me. He was never great, not a hero. His run for governor was all at the demand of Frank. Russo was just easy to control.  




 Definitely. I think he just played the cards he had. Murder was not plan a, b, or c, in my thinking. I think, it just occurred to him how easy it would be and he had to seize the opportunity literally moments before he did it. After the drunken interview Russo was too much of a liability for Frank's reputation and was becoming a pest with his threatening to come clean about everything.  




 Read this topic.  




 Did anybody read the word LOVE in there? Cause I certainly do.  




 I wanna see the movie.  




 Doin' evil. Lookin' cute.  




 John! He's not claiming it as his own. AND WE LOVE YOU ON REDDIT! JOHN SAKARS 2016!!! Or whenever Canada does that shit. I LOVE YOU!!!! 




 I mean.. I'm not sure if I get her point... I mean... She could easily keep all her jobs if she was hypothetically sending pussy pics to some random person on her phone under an alias? As long as it wasn't to a student or other employee... Am I wrong? 




 Jiffy! 01:28-01:29 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPmEDNDnsG0 




 Balls @ 1:28 :) 




 Why does everyone hate them so much? Honey Boo Boo always makes me laugh out loud. She's so cuteeee.  




 I read this earlier today when I was in a place where fapping was not a viable option, and it resonated more and more through out the day... I guess, I technically have 20 hours now... I'm not gonna wait till Monday now. I was in some social scenarios today and I wish I was more on my a-game. Thanks for the wise words.  




 stfu, chucky is awesome 




 STFU CHUCKY IS AWESOME 




 I don't care about the characters. Like. The series finale was all about the characters. I care about the plot twists and magic.  




 can they please fix the final season please? 




 Well Russo being from the same state as the VP was luck.  




 What a story, Mark! 




 Get over it.  




 I'm gonna rewatch it later... Thanks. I think it was kind of like, hey, look, I have some power, but it isn't really accomplishing anything, and could make him look like a fool... But actually, I kind of like it...  




 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skgrFTu6KTI 




 In Glendale, California there are luxury apartments in a mall. People sit on their balconies, living their lives, with their epic views of people buying shit. Always makes me WTF. You can kind of tell in this photo. On the weekends this place is PACKED. 

http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_lTgMRVHZz98/TOiWIEZd7fI/AAAAAAAAAAU/vNkYEwoF_OU/s1600/DSC00811.JPG 









 I get that. I just don't see how SanCorp can afford to seize enough property to affect Tusk if they're not as powerful A, and B, if Tusk becomes VP, they're still going to own nuclear companies... The more I think about it I get it's in SanCorps interest to derail Tusk becoming VP, it's just, how. I guess buying some of his companies makes sense to make him make sure things dont go into a blind trust...  




 I think what I'm a little gray about is what Underwood wants SanCorp to think they're gaining by overtaking these subsidiaries? Stopping Tusk, controlling Tusk (would that do that?)? It just sounded like a waste of money for SanCorp and a desperate plea from Underwood who isn't really one to beg, and is now, all of a sudden on SanCorp's side.  




  Underwood tries to get Danton to convince SanCorp to initiate a hostile takeover of the subsidiaries of Tusk's nuclear organisations.

That part, how / why would SanCorp seize Tusk's property if they're separate corporate entities? And substantially smaller than Tusk's business? And why would Remy have SanCorp seize these subsidaries all for the benefit of what? To have leverage over Tusk if he becomes VP? Perhaps that's it. Or perhaps to block him from becoming VP...? 




 Well, I recently lost 20 days.... Chaser effect.... But anyway.... I've been a lot more content than I was before... With my fapping that is. Anybody experience that? I have been fapping too much though. I plan on resetting on monday and trying to go on another streak till I get some good sex.  




 I miss the old myspace. Still better than facebook piece of shit. My fucking mom is on facebook. I will rue the day she's on reddit.  




 Michael Phelps was amazing.  




 I love him. 




 I think the VP thing was just blind luck. At the time of the DUI he wasn't thinking he would be able to get Russo to run for Governor and then kill him and get the Vice President to run in his place to secure the democrat majority in the house and then become the new Vice President. Maybe, in a crazy, 15th possibility of the events that were possible when he found out about the DUI, but at the time of it he just needed somebody who would do anything for him. He was mad about things early into the Presidency, needed to show he has power by having control over major events, and by the end of the season, luck had it that he was able to orchestrate such a big power play that he ends up in an even better position than Secretary of State.  




 How was it that Frank envisioned SanCorp going after Tusk's nuclear company? That part I wanted to understand a little better.  




 I like your reading of it, it could also be symbolic of Frank hurting Claire's cause with the clean water program. She's just his tool, he could care less of her ambitions, it's all about his.  




 In the Weiner age would it even matter? 




 I do. It really makes me realize how great the show is when I can love Francis, but at the same time see what a monster he is. At times I want him to succeed, but in the end I want to see the House of Cards fall. Not for moral reasons but for entertainment. Maybe he'll be President or something. Would be epiccccc.  




 I literally read this in Frank's voice. Not purposely, it just sounded exactly like something Frank would say.  




 Yeah, I noticed that too. Also, it seemed like he was playing the same game on two different systems. I dunno... Really nitpicky cause everything was so great.  




 So true. 

Another moment that made me yell at the screen was when Claire met with Remy against Frank's wishes. I just kept saying. "You bitch! You whore! You fucking bitch!!!!" 




 Dat look of euphoria.  




 WTF 




 That is literally the scariest thing I've ever seen.  




 Contender for ugliest dog ever.  




 Flower and dragon were the best. The blue bionic dog was just shameful.  









 I love her book which can be found in the greatest people section of your local bookstore. 









 WTF just happened?
 




 What??? 




 Samesies.  




 But why?? And where is Homer???

EDIT: Found homer, as well as bert and ernie: http://vaviper.blogspot.com/2013/07/dog-pictures-du-jour-poodle-trimmed-and.html 




 Same! 




 I need more Eric The Midget / Actor in my life. Seriously. 




 Sounds pretty agnostics, turds.  




 Hahaha I met them and I asked Elizabeth before she found out Booker was her Dad if she thought they were gonna hook up. Good times.  




 what about all stars seaosn 2 what the fuck 
 

















































 Something that makes me go "WTF", and by WTF I mean WHAT THE FUCK, not Wow, That's Fascinating... I don't come here to be fascinated, I want to be shocked in some way whether it's gore or somebody who accidentally took a shit in their pants at a Dunkin Donuts. I primarily enjoy the latter.   



















 Sorry, I meant it in the sense that there are epic stunts where the camera doesn't cut.  




 Ew FUCK RUSSIA right now.  




 Which cow? I think I missed it. The standing birth almost made me sick but she caught her baby and then it was kinda beautiful.  

























































































 When we get some mods that know CSS or whatever we'll add a FAKE tag.  



















 It has been a very long time since I was actually grossed out by something on this sub. Thank you.  
























 Damnnnnnnn. Also, upvote for Austin Powers reference.  









 The ladder one wasn't anybody's fault but the blonde bitch.  




 I'm not abuckley...  




 I invited MrGhost1 to be a mod but he hasn't been able to accept yet. Are you good at CSS? Message me.  




 Call this number now. I implore you.  









 Damn. That was crazy! It would have hit the reporter in the head! 







































 Basically what the title says. It's gonna be a subreddit to post things that are just totally epic. Think a guy fighting a bear with his bare hands and winning or something... Evil Knievel shit... etc... Hope we can get some great content. Please message me /r/EAF 




 Epic as fuck. Not really WTF but have an upvote anyway.  




 Oh my god. Kill it with fire.  




 His voice sounds so young he might be... He has to be a great actor to play that bad of an actor.  




 I didn't cringe. That is all.  




 Absolutely no cringe. Pure genius. 




 How did you do the dough, and how did you bake it? Do you have a pizza oven? Looks great.  




 very strong cringe 




 Meh.  









 Very WTF.  




 I hope you beat it but at the same time hope you don't. 




 Pure Art.  




 It's like if Stevie from Eastbound and Down became a stoner to impress Kenny.  




 It wasn't that bad... The audio was kinda shitty, but you are definitely talented at drawing.  




 That was hilarious.  




 8 Oz. of Organic Chicken breast 

1/2 Cup of OrganicVille Marinara Sauce 

2 Slices of Organic Mozzarella Cheese 

4 Cloves of Organic Garlic 


Cook the chicken breast with sliced up garlic using pam or some zero calorie spray on a pan, add salt and pepper to your liking. I use a lot of pepper. Add tomato sauce at last minute. Take Chicken off pan and put it on a plate. Mix garlic with sauce and pour ontop of chicken, place slices of cheese on top. Add salt and pepper. Put plate into oven on Broil and remove when it is to your liking.

Also, not pictured I added two table spoons of Parmasan afterwards.  




 She looks like a Michael Jackson pumpkin carving.  









 Why the fuck is it still bitching? You got a good face, asshole. 




 Who loves Shrek this much?? 




 This hurts. He's the best. 




 I'm sane. I say that not expecting you to believe that. No offense, but you're hurting me with that look. See, I'll tell you the truth but let me say everything that's on my mind before you pass any judgement. I mean, I know you'll pass judgement but reserve your final judgement until I tell you everything. 

I hear voices. In my head. Like real voices and they're really mean. AND THEY'RE NOT ME. I know my voice, my voice is the one talking to you. My voice is from my heart. These voices are like ghosts or demons that live in my head. 

I'm so scared. Sorry, I love you. Please, don't say anything. Just. Like. I'm afraid you're not gonna believe me. This is so painful for me. 

See, like, I hear the voices. But I ignore them. I know they're not me but they won't go away. I used to fight them and tell them to get out or to go die or to fuck themselves but then they would attack me. They know my every insecurity and they say stuff at times you wouldn't be able to understand how painful it gets. 

I just heard one laugh. Now they're whispering. I swear this is real. I hear them. I don't think they're me, if they told me to kill somebody I would never do it! I swear! Joann, please believe me. They're laughing even harder now. I just want this to stop. I just want to go back to normal. I hate it here. The voices aren't going away. Their treatment isn't working!  

I'm sorry. I'll stop crying. 

Thank you. Thank you. 

The doctors say i'm insane, but it's the voices that are insane. 

 




 I don't care about fat, it's about calories. I read a 3 second spray is about 15 calories which is still a fraction of the amount of calories compared to olive oil. I looked it up after posting this so I guess the dish is closer to 470 calories. 

http://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/fats-and-oils/9751/2

still way less than olive oil.  




 It says it's blocked in my country. I've been using spectrum cold pressed organic olive oil spray from whole foods. I prefer the taste of olive oil but it's very high in calories so I've switched to the spray and I've been losing weight.  




 I think maybe if they both get really close to death and he saves them she might say it. I really doubt it though. She's really broken.  




 This sounds exactly like it. I wish I could find it.  




 I want to see Skyler say I love you to Walt. I don't know why. Maybe she doesn't... It's just so sad.  




 There was a movie / show I saw on the Sci-Fi channel in the mid nineties when I was about 9 where a guy took a girl to his bed to sleep with her and then the bed ate her and the guy was like "Seriously, bed, you ate another girl I like?" and I think the bed said, "Phil, she wasn't right for you." or something. It scared the living shit out of me. I would love to see it again if anybody know what it is.  




 I mean if Joel Shumacher could shoot this show well I'm sure Jodie will be able to.  




 8 Oz. of Organic Chicken breast - 250 Calories.

1/2 Cup of OrganicVille Marinara Sauce - 40 Calories. 

2 Slices of Organic Mozzarella Cheese - 140 Calories

4 Cloves of Garlic - 15 Calories

Cook the chicken breast with sliced up garlic using pam or some zero calorie spray on a pan, add salt and pepper to your liking. I use a lot of pepper. Add tomato sauce at last minute. Take Chicken off pan and put it on a plate. Mix garlic with sauce and pour ontop of chicken, place slices of cheese on top. Add salt and pepper. Put plate into oven on Broil and removes when it is to your liking. 









 That sounds delicious.  




 Reminds me of the chokey.  




 It might have been Voldemort.  




 I love this movie.  




 I mean... It could be for intimidation... But yeah... We all felt it... Walt is willing to take Jesse out... Perhaps.. I'd like to believe he really couldn't... .Oh god... *tears begin swelling* 




 Link to the original wallpaper? 




 I eat it for dinner several nights a week.  




 Fuckin' Heisenberg.  




 I would cry my eyes out. I almost did tonight because I really thought any second Walt was about to kill Jesse. God, if he does this I will never forgive him and I will completely hope he dies.  




 I would love this... All the things I'm scared of happening such as Walt killing Jesse or Walt's family getting hurt wouldn't happen and all this awesomeness would happen. The show is truly unpredictable but I would be satisfied with your story.  




 That... that was beautiful. What a true inspiration.  




 That's scary to me. The whole thing is sad.  




 How is this funny? 




 Yeah.. When he said nobody else in Hollywood is more up for the role than BA I LOL'd. They better have a good script. S'all I'm sayin.  




 It's a great tasty meal for dieting. Thus it's in Fit Meals and not FoodPorn.  









 Yeah.. it was fun... But it was nowhere near what Rare would have done. The music alone was terrible in comparison. Still, it was fun and I'm going to get that tropical freeze one or whatever it's called. But damn... Imagine a world with the same old rare.  




 I mean... I didn't cringe... He shouldn't have said he didn't want to talk about Bradley Manning, should have made a small point and continues but what's going on in Russia is pretty despicable and should be a topic of discussion especially considering the fucking olympics are happening there and there are many gay athletes.  




 THATS WHAT I THINK. I'm ready to say, OH DIE MARK, how dare you call one of the greatest artists of our time, A DISASTER ARTIST. If THE ROOM is a disaster, you sir are more retarded than Denny, because The Room is a masterpiece, you philistine prick.  




 i really don't want walt to kill anybody hes related to, or jesse, or saul... everybody else is free game... but i love everyone too much.  




 Unless part of her still loves Walt, and she's been afraid of it this whole time. I hope so. But possibly not. It would be nice, though.  




 I felt bad for her but now it seems she's growing some balls, which I hope makes her worth loving. I really felt she might say, in the most recent episode "I love you, Walt.", and I would have just died.  




 Yeah, that sucked ass.  




 I'm not sure if it was in Breaking Bad, but I'm pretty sure Walt is talking to Jesse about how lies put up invisible barriers between people, and with Jane, Walt could never be truly honest with Jesse ever again... I think that was the beginning of Walt and Jesse's emotional alienation. I believe.  




 That.... was amazing.  




 Amazing. Made me want to start smoking weed and stay up all night again. Those were the days.  




 She could just go all Monica Lewinsky on him... Probably would ruin her career though.  




 WTF, that was pretty stupid.  




 I agree with you mostly. She wants a higher quality product with Todd, yet standards won't be high enough, so somehow she's going to try to get Walt back in, and she won't be able to so she might need to persuade him some how, which could involve hurting those he loves. I would be really sad if Walt's family is hurt. Really sad. I really like Skyler now. I want the Whites to live.  




 That's totally what's going to happen.  




 Also, Voldemort is like really evil.. Like really really evil. He's like the most evil wizard in the world and like, he wanted Snape to suffer. You know, just for the lols.  




 There were lots of parallels to the pilot in this episode. Seeing Walt in his underwear, and him passing out in the bathroom. I totally felt like they were trying to evoke the pilot.  




 blue balls is all i can say. major fuckin blue balls.  




 my dog started barking like crazy when i started playing this. he never barks. and he's outside. i'm so scared right now.  




 I'm actually agnostic.  




 Holy Shit, you deserve gold. PLEASE DO MORE. 11/10.  




 That was awesome! And so is God Dangit, Bobby!  




 The Room really is one of the greatest films of all time.  




 It's a really terrible piece of fiction.  




 That was sad.  




 God, that scene is so funny. Charlie Kaufman is a genius.  




 Emma said the Bible? WTHHH 
































































 Damn you're right... Had to look at it a few times... And here I was thinking it was real...  
























 I had this in San Diego at one of the bars in Hillcrest, the guy will make it for free if you mention it to him because he's so proud of his creation. also /r/EAF 




 it's actually from an episode of my strange addiction where her addiction was snorting baby powder. she would snort it all day and her house was covered in baby powder... unexpectedly they took her to a doctor who found she was totally healthy... it's also the same episode about the guy who was in a committed relationship with his car. it's one of the funniest 22minutes of television i've ever seen.  




 /r/eaf 




 /r/EAF 




 /r/EAF 




 /r/EAF 




 i mean... ponies exist.. he could fulfill his dream.  




 *confused* 









 Love this post.  




 Um... Copyright infringement?? 









 /r/EAF 









 /r/EAF 




 /r/EAF 




 /r/EAF 




 It started as a thought... Then it transformed into an idea.. Then a dream.... What? They drove past a mall? 




 I feel like such a winner after watching that.  




 I literally asked myself "Is that Godzilla?" and then I read your text "Yes, this is Godzilla." I burst out laughing, kudos OP.  



















 For those confused. It's interactive. Click where you want to go in the picture.  









 You look sickening, though.  




 This is drag, hunty.  




 Yes that looks retarded but I died at the Angry Birds moment. I'm laughing as I type this. It was so stupid and hilarious.. 
























 Finally there will be a good Blurred Lines spoof. FINALLY.  




 Ugly, physically disgusting people, who you know and would under any normal circumstances shudder at the thought of having sex with, masterbate thinking about you.  




 No, it's AUSTIN POWAHS!!!!! 




 How many vaginas? 




 Hahah no!!! I wish... I didn't mean it as me!  









 that was disturbing...  









 I would buy the words Heisenberg but I don't like the skeleton face... I know others will but I'm not a misfits fan and it's just creepy to me. Consider doing a short print of the just Heisenberg text. I'm sure they'll sell.  




 Seconded. 




 Come in little children, I won't rape you. :-) 




 huh 




 He might even just be showing off but regardless it's EAF.  




 The description of Hot is very WTF.  




 /r/EAF... Epic as fuck.  




 Yeah... That shit is the fucking bomb.. Especially down on 40th street late at night.  









 What kind of funny? Like clever funny? 




 Seriously..  




 Are you the rollerblader? 




 There are Zoophiles who get off on Dolphins the most..  
























 It looks delicious.  




 That's not a rip-off. It's the Official Blurred Lines violin remake. I heard Robin Thicke loves it.  




 EGSS ACT LEE 












































 Yeah..... OK. 




 I was crying here over the death of walt and jesse's friendship. So fucking tragic. 




 Ur good. 




 Let's be real here people. That was one of the best episodes of the show ever by far. So fucking fucking fucking fucking amazing. Vince Gilligan is a fucking genius. 




 Such a pimp. 




 But seriously... HOW FUCKING EPIC IS THIS 




 At one point I yelled "How could you!" And then I started crying when I realized Walt and Jesse used to be friends and now it's all over, and then I started crying when the nazis showed up. I just can't.  




 "Coward" - Heisenberg 




 Fuck Marie too.  
























 The greatest. Him and Mr. Ford. GAWD WHY CAN'T THIS SHOW BE BACK ALREADY?! 




 I think that it was Uncle George even though he doesn't finish the final juh sound, they probably just don't finish some words... I really don't know.  




 just.... why... i'm so disappointed in myself for clicking it again... then starring at it... and trying to understand... just... i'll never know... AMA request: person who castrated themselves.. still im depressed. oh god. why. 




 hearing the devil 




 Still cute though.  









 More info please. Hilarious though.  


































 He can't believe how nervous he is? WTF. Just wtf...  




 /r/EAF 




 /r/EAF 









 That's just rubber and glue, right?  




 Damn that was funny.  




 You're missing a pic of Jesse Pinkman.  




 /r/EAF 




 /r/EAF 









 /r/EAF 




 That's not the same as the gif. In the gif he flips backward whereas in the vid he flip frontward. Still EAF.  
























 Holy fuck that was INSANE. Adrenaline was shooting through my body just from watching it.  




 It's the Hogwarts phone line. 


































