 Vine: Me eating a do- 




 That is for soreness after you run. Fermentation is not an immediate process, it takes time. Lactic acid is a side product of fermentation. If you really want to rid yourself of being sore, stretch. It won't get rid of the pain but it will spread the lactic acid out throughout your body and you will feel it less.  




 GLaDOS: "There was even going to be a party for you. A big party that all your friends were invited to. I invited your best friend, the Companion Cube. Of course, he couldn't come because you murdered him. All your other friends couldn't come, either, because you don't have any other friends because of how unlikable you are. It says so right here in your personnel file: "Unlikable. Liked by no one. A bitter, unlikable loner, whose passing shall not be mourned. Shall NOT be mourned." That's exactly what it says. Very formal. Very official. It also says you were adopted, so that's funny, too."

Portal- One of the greatest video games of all time. 




 Male Nipples  




 Rob Schneider  




 There are two white doors, one the door the heaven, one is the door to hell. Once you open you may never go back. Connected to each door is a machine. One tells nothing but truths, the other nothing but lies. You do not know which is which. You have one question to find out the answer. What do you ask?




ANSWER:
"What would the other machine say is the door to heaven?"
and do the opposite. 




 Was that a pun you sly bastard? 




 Not a teacher but another kid in elementary school went on for about 5 minutes about his brother's wet dreams. Didn't really know what they were at the time, all I remember was the vivid hysterical laughter of the teacher as she ran out of the classroom.  




 Girls. 




 You win. 




 Dad: "What does IDK stand for?"

Me: "I don't know."

Dad: "It's fine, I'll ask someone else."
 




 "Boys don't have feelings, they have muscles!"
Homer Simpson

 




 TIL Christopher Columbus never stepped foot in North America.   




 No fat chicks 




 TL;DR: Leonardo Dicaprio confuses you. 




 Get on a ROUTINE. Not just a weekend workout. Plan them out, Monday arms, Tuesday legs, Wednesday cardio ect. Tell yourself NO EXCUSES! NONE! DON'T CARE! Stick it out and you will learn to love it. There are thousands of at home workout routines you can do that will work. No "Six Minute Six Pack Tricks". Run, squat, sit-ups, pull-ups push-ups the list is endless. And That sip of water after a workout will be sweeter than any soda or Gatorade you will ever drink. If you do this you will experience a boost in strength, confidence, and overall happiness.  




 Screw you! Segways are sick. :[ 




 YouTube
NO I DON'T WANT TO USE MY GOOGLE+ ACOUNT!!!!!!!!! 




 Saying the phrase "May I have a cookie?" I asked a woman for a cookie at my son's birthday party. Got the most puzzled look ever. 




 Whack it while you still can 









 All straight men can agree we have a natural desire for the female breast, why? They are not a reproductive organ and only real purpose is to breast feed. Is it just something to play with or is it just something we have all agreed to be attractive? 




 Me: Mom, can I have a tissue?

Mom: Kiss you?! I hardly know you!

*Proceeds to chuckle to herself over a well executed joke 



















 When I was around 3 I would hold out my penis and pretend to play it like a guitar. 

Just never found the right time to mention that.... 




 Malaria has killed over half of the humans that have ever lived. (Approximately 50 billion)  




 You cracked the case Shercock! 




 Pants -.- 




 youuuuu....you are just...........ooooooh you 




 "I am a hat" 









 The diet of a gay horse does not differ from that of a straight horse. That being said it is uncommon for two male or two female horse to be sexually attracted to each other, as it goes against their genetic drive to reproduce. The usual farm diet of a horse can be split into two parts: structural (fiber) and non structural (sugars and starches). Naturally the horse needs complete access to a fresh water source and an open plain. 

The following article should have sufficient information for those looking into the proper diet and nutrition for their horse:
http://www.caes.uga.edu/publications/pubDetail.cfm?pk_ID=7824 




 Possibly the best anti joke I've heard. I tip my hat. 




 Who knew Skyler and Jessie had a thing together?! 




 The only thing missing is Brian Cranston and Stephen Colbert roller skating to Daft Punk.   




 What is the number one tip you can give a high school freshman about wrestling from your experience? 




 So detached from your mother have you ever felt a real connection to one of your 7 step dads?
You are an extremely strong person for being able to talk about this.

 
























 "Duck!" JFK on the Daily Plaza  



















 As soon as I saw this tread title I was about to link this song. Amazing song! 




 Shots fired 




 Everyone talks about you behind your back 









 OP's Mom 




 I thought moms, had eggs. No, like they actually laid eggs 




 Religion CAN be a beautiful thing in this world. Many teach people to be kind loving creatures. The fathers of most all religion were men who wanted to enlighten the world with their teaching. I believe religion is stupid. However it would be stupid of me to believe someone is stupid for believing in religion.  




 Tim-o-thy right behind you 




 All of these posts are giving me a raging brainer 




 Do it again until you don't fail. 




 Roller backpacks, JUST CARRY IT ON YOUR BACK LIKE THE REST OF US, GOD! 




 Wii Mii 




 Breaking bad, I'm still in the grieving process 




 An astronaut  




 Procrastinating  




 My feet at like...leg hands (O.O) 




 Masturbating...I hope 




 Bendy straws  




 Shots fired 




 The brewer of all conjunctions 




 Pity Karma 




 Sex 




 "Gracias!" 




 I woke up in the middle of the night, walked out of my room, and took a poop in the bathroom...on the floor. This was a reoccurring issue for me. 




 Faith in humanity restored 




 Serious or funny 




 But if she breaks eye contact, you know she wants the D 




 We was a Middle Eastern Jew, be wasn't black or white. 




 Aw, that made me sad 




 You forgot Zap Branagin  




 OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 




 NSFW 




 Females 




 I was 12 at the time. We were driving north up the country (about a 10 hour drive). I had just discovered masturbation at the time and I was still in the obsessive "honeymoon" stage. I sat on my phone flipping through the bikini photos of 2011 sports illustrated swimsuit edition. As I sat hunched over under my blanket I made the most daring decision of my life, to wank it. 




 Hello doctor, I'm dad 
























 Shhhhshhshhshhshhhhhhhhhh 




 Shhshhshhshhhhhhhhshhhhhhh 




 My dad eats peanut butter and guacamole  




  o.O  O.o  O.O 









 Don't be sad Peter! 




 WEEEEEEEEEEEE 



















 Dying and at my funeral everyone talking about how great, and an inspiration I was. 




 I envy your willpower
 




 Sweg 




 /r/fiftyfifty to /r/nakedfemaleorscarringimage

  




 Tee pitches perfect game in special Olympics!  




 /r/aww with /r/WTF 




 Grandad: "If you had to give up one sense which would it be and why?"
Me: "The sense of smell"
Grandad: "What?"
Me: "I said the sense of smell"
Grandad: "What?!"
Me: "The sense of smell!"
Grandad: "WHAAAT?!" 




 Parkour, PARKOUR, PARKOUR!  




 Go to /r/IAMA or /r/AMA
People will be interested in what an ex-Amish has to say. 




 "Somewhere out there there is a tree working tirelessly to provide oxygen so you can live. I hope for that tree's sake and everyone else's you do us a favor and kill yourself." 




 "Everybody talks about you behind your back" 




 *Butt sniff 




 The clever catch phrase at the crime scene.  









 Leaving their turn signal on 




 () 














 No female can ever match the love of my 2 foot tall poop machine 









 Would tap 




 The only thing we have to fear is fear itself! 




 Giggle 









 Lost 




 Bukakke 




 Crack 




 Whack out your feelings 




 I care about you, don't do it, please. 


































 NSFL 




 So much more grateful than that damn moose. 




 Your stupid, I'm right
*drops the mic 




 Just.....because? 




 That last photo was commitment  




 It was still a scramble. White didn't have full control, for that hold he would have had to be behind him for it to count, and it wasn't (but almost) a pinning combination, so no takedown.  




 Coaches discipline, teach, and lead.
Captains unify. 









 That sounds awesome. Great suggestion, man.  




 My school has a great program with great kids and coaches but this year we just kept loosing on forfeits. Kids at out school kinda think of wrestling as the gross sweaty gay boys wrestling on the ringworm infested mat. Any tips to get more people to try the sport?  




 /r/poetry 
No but seriously, that was beautiful. 









 BANG BANG! EXPLOSION!  




 Spoiler Alert!! Gosh! 




 To add on, it's a way of saying "we can look this stupid and still kick your ass" bad ass. Good job, man! 




 The wheel 









 Masterbate, watch porn. I am a man of many talents  




 CoD Modern Warfare 1  









 Let your wrestling speak for itself. It sounds like you're ambitious and if you really deserve the spot you'll get it. Don't quit, stick with it and your coach will respond to your dedication.  




 I have to disagree, Michael Scotch really stole The Office 




 Username checks out 









 In 1st grade my older brother convinced me taking a photo of my penis on my mom's camera was a good idea. Of course I did it and years later I found out that later that day as my mom was giving a presentation to the entire school board my indie production came to light.  














 I understand the message but please no. Suicide is never the answer, ever. It will always get better. 




 Youtubers don't make money off mobile device views so it is a "boycott" of them in a way. 




 Your comment Isreal-ly dumb. 




 *Scumbag Netflix 



















 10/10 would up vote again. 




 From an American. 




 http://i.imgur.com/aKDMerE.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/VQLGJOL.gif

These two should keep you occupied for a while.
Stay in there big guy. 
























 And he would have gotten away with it if it weren't for you meddling user! 




 That's solid science right there 




 Did it....did it work? 




 Mayonnaise? 




 Defense mechanism, ENGAGED!  




 The no look grab, a classic  




 Only if you can feather Susan 




 Mother fucker be sleeping all the time!  




 Spot on, so descriptive, 10/10 




 ITT: Reddit 




 ....just how? 




 http://m.imgur.com/oInqkyL

That's the photo we want 




 3 Boogie  




 Hodor, Hodor Hodor 




 Hodor! 




 No. 




 Oh, you mean soccer! 




 You've been replaced Rosa 




 "I'm sorry I gotta do it"
This man knows what's up 




 You will always be...number 2 




 Oh Jacob  




 Car herding! 




 Those nips! 




 Red Bull gives you wings! 




 These aren't normal people and yes, many of these people would attack her like savages 




 I took it, and threw it on the GROUND! 




 God damn those were some bad belly flops 




 WORLDSTARRRRRR 




 That last meow was the best, so satisfying  




 That woman is a badass 




 He probably won't mind 




 That guy was like, "I don't give a fuck about no cat" 




 It was but it was pushed back a year for editing. It's supposed to come out December, 2014 









 "So that's where I left it!" 









 I'm not disagreeing or agreeing; but why? 




 A classic 





























 Cue Futurama dog music* 




 Shut up! I'm not crying! You're crying! 




 A real disappointment. 




 You might wanna try Direct TV, I think they do space appointments: Oh! You can't afford Direct TV? Dang it! That's too bad! 




 She had it coming to her 




 "Hmm, looked better in the pictures." 




 "Is today Tuesday? Oh crap, I have a cable guy coming today!" 




 Fastest goal in US World Cup history 




 Thank you sir! 




 Awww :( 




 Life on the edge baby 




 Tell my chew toy I love her 




 Ya girl, you like it when I hold the door open for you like that.  




 I enjoyed that, thank you 




 Too specific 




 HEY, BRAN MAKES GOT WHAT IT IS, WITHOUT HIM IT WOULD BE NOTHING! 




 Good guy grandpa 




 I don't get it :( 




 America: too much of everything 




 Still too soon 




 They look like their going for a Robin Van Persie goal. 




 we are CHICKENS!  




 You...know the way out... 




 I'm some asshole on the Internet, welcome to Reddit. 




 I don't know what you are confused about. 




 The important questions 




 Yeeeeeh 




 Only a monster could deny that face 




 Stop toying with my emotions Reddit! 




 Can't agree more, your wife has a great smile. 




 :/ -- :) 




 "Ya, I'll chew your carrots, suck all the taste out, sit with them in my mouth for 10 minutes, but I won't eat them!" 




 Bitch damn, just gotta get my snacks! 




 So articulate  




 YOU RAPED HER!
YOU MURDERED HER!
YOU KILLED HER CHILDREN! 




 "I don't wanna hear it"
Continues listening  




 "Get out of my room dad!" 




 "I love you"
"Shut up baby, I know it" 




 It's a blessing and a curse  
























