 Take a break. 




 BURN.
Just because she did a little bit of psychology studies (emphasis on the little) doesn't mean she has the right to use it against you during every freaking argument. The stuff learned in high school psychology skims the mere surface of theories, anywho...  




 Bitch, fart, and pussy are not particularly good words to use around women. Especially girlfriends. 




 -slow clap- 




 New Jersey, USA style: No. We do no tan, drink, and do laundry for shits and giggles. Sorry guys. 




 I am currently enrolled in Holocaust studies at my college and if it has taught me one thing, it is that there will always be people who have either never heard of the Holocaust or simply refuse to believe it. Sometimes, governments are to blame or simply a person's family. There is also the location to consider, as well as the ages of those surveyed. Rural people will not "hear" as much as urban; younger do not know as much as the old.. blah blah. Still, this was an interesting read :-) 




 Elizabeth: dah fahk is this? 




 That is incredible. I hope you have an equally successful year AGAIN :-). 




 I suggest combing through your history (inside jokes, places you have gone/thing seen) and maybe using this material to customize your gift for her. Maybe search for a customized gift online relating to this stuff, like a bracelet with something cutesy she likes to hear from you every now and then.. small stuff goes a long way in relationships.
 




 Cold hot-water bottles.
 




 ~~the princess~~ ~~A NEW CASTLE~~ home insurance 
























 Reasonable fuck-up here. Don't take it to heart, I'd be thinking the same thing if I were you. 




 All the cool kids do it. 




 Everyone has one. Is it waking up alongside your SO, shooting up, having the perfect breakfast, smoking a cig, taking the time to put on your face, creeping on the neighbors, or maybe just listening to the outside world?  




 I was really young when my grandma died, maybe 5 or 6. My memories of her are brief (her love of cheetah fashion, Sunday morning breakfast) and after she passed away my dad was able to grab her perfume bottle. Sixteen years later, I can't help but to unscrew the top and simply smell the perfume dispenser. Everything about her floods my senses for that brief moment. 
I'm scared one day there will be nothing left, so I never spray it.  




 Cookie dough. 
 




 Wasabi-laced hot wings. 




 Definitely not sarcasm.. 




 Wait. Guys don't find that attractive?! 




 Why do females always need a bathroom buddy? I'm pretty sure if one falls into the toilet the other isn't gonna do much to save her. Rapists don't appear in toilets, just peaceful creeps. And lastly, if it's just to talk about dumb stuff -like if he ACTUALLY meant to brush his hand against hers when reaching for their drink then neither if them should be dating anyway. Go get a hobby instead. 




 Shards of glass sounds more appealing. 




 Dreams and screams?
Daddy Issues?  
























 There is a spider within 3 feet of you. All the time.
First time I read this I looked out the window afterwards and whaddya know.. spider. 




 Skyrim and Life is Beautiful.
Gotta kill me some Nazis while maintaining a generally optimistic attitude about shit gone wrong. 




 stealing money most days of the week as a cashier. My dad taught me not to be a rat. 




 This saddens me. 




 I think some elvish make up would do wonders. YouTube has some great tutorials. 




  I don't care much for how Muslim women are treated. Other than that, I've got no problems. 




 Nature produces many instruments of creativity.  




 Looking in the mirror; getting older.  




 My grandfather has Alzheimer's and sometimes I have to take care of him. I am 22 and my 76 year old Grandpop makes me so scarred to grow up, get old, and totally become a baby again. Helping him get undressed, eat, or even to get him outta bed is like having a gray-haired toddler who thinks he's the boss. Gotta love him, though! 
Sometimes, I get these scary visions of when my mom, future SO, or even myself will get like this and it just reminds me how scary time is.  




 A huge blown up picture of Jesus glued to the ceiling.  




 Youtube 'ASMR Haircuts' for other videos :-)
 
























 Death by rectal spear, inspired by Vlad.  




 Do the following:
1. Throw away that thong in a trashcan you'll never be able to rummage through later.
2.  Get rid of those pictures! It'll be tough, but you need to do it for yourself and your wife + your friend.
3. See a therapist or counselor about this.
4. Take a mini vacation with your wife and rediscover sexy time. Kink it up or do something new. Edit: after the baby. 




 Completed this survey and I have to say, it really made me think. I enjoyed taking it. 




 Let's consult with Buddha and Allah. 




 Could be one of two things: That was chiseled by countless hours in dirty chatrooms. 
Or we have a great writer amongst us. 




 Needs a collaboration with Brand New..
Otherwise kick ass. 




 Nothing says "hood life" like ice cream. 




 Gum. People were in constant demand for more gum even though technically we weren't supposed to chew it during class.. This made it all the more desirable. 




 Beautiful :-) 




 Hello Sarah! When (and why) did you decide to get into this line of work? 




 How did you tell your family about your business? I was thinking about how difficult it is to climb over the wall of sexual taboo.. 
























 Hello, fellow English major! I suggest grabbing some graphic novels or books to distract you for a bit. Maybe join a club at school or a sports organization.  




 Before I moved into my college dorm (total roommates: 4) I was really worried about moving in with a bunch of people I didn't even know very well. I thought I would have issues communicating or getting along with them but two years later and I am still doing fine. Not so surprisingly, adapting to people becomes much easier when you spend a lot of time with them. After the initial getting to know you phase you will gradually become more comfortable with your roommate. At first you may feel frustrated and desire alone time, but as you become more adjusted into dorm life, things will generally feel more comfortable to you. Thankfully, if you need more alone time you can find it on your own either outside the dorm or within it. Most likely, you and your roommate will have separate schedules so you are bound to have some privacy or quiet time. Interactions-wise, I would participate in getting to know your neighbors since this is a beneficial and fun- relationship. If you want the full college experience you need to be social to a certain agree so dont be afraid to get out there, even if you feel uncomfortable. Clubs, dorm events, and activities on campus are great ways to get to know and meet people.. To be a better dorm partner, I would be respectful and considerate of all things. Talk about house rules the moment you guys have a chance to, and stick to them as well as you can. Open communication (in a friendly manner) will make both you and your roommate happier. If you have a bad dorm partner approach them about the issue or talk to someone who works for residential services. I suggest the former because most issues can be worked out through communication. Good luck!

 




 What inspired you? 




 This was super interesting but.. family was spelled wrong in the visual representation. 




 I was thinking casinos, fancy clubs, yachts, and of course auctions. 




 My sister had a similar (though hilarious) experience like this. So, my mom, sis   I are out at a pizzeria (we have more of these in Jersey than stop signs) when my sister starts choking a particularly stringy piece of a cheese calzone. My mom   I are sitting across from her and the TV is over her head. Anyway, my sister calls for my mom and what does she say? 
Give me a minute, I wanna see this. It must've been 3 or 4 "mom!" shouts later when my sister gets the jist and goes fishing in her own throat with her hand for that cheese. Triumphantly, she pulls it out and thus declares my mom a jackass. 




 Dude you look great!  




 Those eyes take away some artistic points.. but otherwise A+ material! 




 Shamelessly eating a full pint of Ben   Jerry's. 




 FFX- Besido island 




 I'm sorry you went through this. 





























 The art alone is reason enough to get it. I wasn't too crazy about the game myself, but it's impossible for Studio Ghibli to NOT leave you awed. So do it.
Plus, it's like Pokemon. So yeah. 




 Maybe try "Boys over Flowers" or "Fated to Love You." I recommend the second more so than the first because it is funnier :-P. 




 Have a go at Korean dramas. Highly addicting, and great if you have a quirky sense of humor. Bonus: Every episode is an hour. 




 You know most of your problems, and you know how to fix them. Get your shit together and do something about it. If you're on the road a lot, pack your own healthy meals ahead of time. Work out. And about the social thing? You are being too analytical and need to cut back because you can't go through life judging people. Good luck, man. 




 Sounds like he has a social disorder. 




 However, computers can cause a lot of loneliness problems. 




 Literature teaches analytic, reading, and writing skills which are necessary to function completely within a society. We are able to learn about our ancestors through literature, and manuscripts centuries old do not only tell popular folktales during the time it was written but it also tells a greater story- of culture, entertainment, and how people lived during that time which otherwise we would not know of now. People, and history, are preserved through literature.  




 Answer: yes, moving back home is worth it. Moving back home sounds like a solid plan to me for a variety of reasons. First, living at home will give you piece of mind because not only will you be in a city/town you actually like, but family is great to turn to for a social outlet which will release stress and provide you with company outside of a working environment. Even financially, this will give you a break as I am sure you won't be spending as much during your stay with your parents than when you were on your own (no groceries, rent, etc. fees). It will also offer you more time to find yourself in familiar places you probably found yourself as a teenager. In regards to employment, there is no reason for you to be earning minimum wage due to your degree and experience. Look for entry-level jobs for your major and maybe jobs outside this realm as well. There are places you can work which can provide a decent pay (say, post office employee) far greater than minimum wage. If you truly believe you cannot find a job with your current experience I suggest looking into internships, volunteer programs, or research assistantships. Each of these will provide (if not a cash compensation for your time) an opportunity to network and develop your skills. Many are part time, and those that are full time may lead to a full-time job.. These are very rewarding experiences that may fulfill your expectations in the future in regards to your desired salary. Do whatever works best with your schedule while you receive help. I hope everything works out for you in the end.  




 It is difficult to specify how much money would kill off a majority of my life problems. I'll guess with about $30-40,000 and back this up with a brief explanation of my life problems. First off, my dad just recently had a massive stroke with the additional complication of phenomena. With a three week stay at the hospital and additional weeks of care at a rehab facility (plus getting a tracheotomy), I am sure we are at a loss in terms of money. It doesn't help he will be unable to return to his job. The additional money received would help him to stay at our house -that is, if he can even live there- in comfort for a while. Second, I will be graduating college with about 15k in debt. So, that aside:15-20 thousand would let my dad live in the comfort he deserves for a while.. My dad's happiness means a lot to me, and I know he would be able to rest if some of his money issues were solved.  




 SO that's where all of Mexico's money is going.. 
























