 Wow.  You're amazing! You've seriously inspired me to get back at running and lifting. And recording what I eat.  Can i ask though. When you were dieting and only running did you use protein shakes or not till after you started to lift too? Also did you keep up cardio once you started to lift?  




 I can't say  




 It's broken too haha cracked on the right side and the back is missing.  




 Oh yeah trust me hw scared me when he did this a lot. . Any things broken he had to. Replace that were mine.  Part of the reason i left.  




 He still does :/  




 He kept them all no idea why. He sent me this pic once when i was away at college.  He broke walls too and also doors..  I woke up one morning cause i could hear him cursing and he was dumping an entire can of arizona fruit punch on his $2000 gaming pc. Safe to say he probably shouldn't be playing online games.  Never did stuff like that unless he was playing with people he couldn't see. So much wasted money on controllers and new ps3's.  Ugh  




 Missing the entire back  




 This pic does not include like 7 other controllers and 2 smashed ps3. Yeppp anger issues for sure.  









 Looks cool, expect that weird cyan sticker on the windshield :/ 




 Vivienne, Sera 




 I speed walk for 10-15 in cold befoew running. Should i be doing more maybe?  




 Honestly I've tried outside in winter. The cold cold (like current temps)  causes old injuries to become very stiff and sore.  For reference I've torn my Achilles tendon and hamstring (on oppsite legs) anyway ill run usually outside right up till dec after that unless it's mild i really can't its more like trudging through feet of snow/ice rather than a run anyway.. Dunno 




 I used to be an avid runner, and by this I mean I used to run 6/7-7/7 days a week. Now its more like 1/7 if that. (boo) I'd really like to get back into running again. Though being that its winter and I really hate the cold its hard for me to get back into running with only the use of the treadmill at the gym. I find it very boring. So I've come to reddit to see how runners here keep motivated in the winter to run indoors. (since for me outside will have to wait till spring) 




 A dog with parvovirus  




 It being over so i dont have to work  




