 How in the fuck do you heat food by having it float around in a hottub?!  




 I'm looking to incorporate an AHA into my routine. I tried the Alpha Hydrox Glycolic Lotion, but I believe the concentration was too high or something in the lotion broke me out. I formed a lot of tiny white heads in places I never got acne before. 

I am looking at the Silk Naturals AHA toner or Paula's Choice 8% AHA. I am leaning towards the Silk Naturals because it is lactic acid, but I don't know if it's too gentle. I have tried a sample version of the AHA and while I do like it, it doesn't make my skin as smooth as the Alpha Hydrox did. However, since the PC Aha gel also has glycolic acid, does that mean it will potentially break me out?  




 That's true, I just thought the exposure would help. But you're right. I just generally never want to go out. 




 Well, I saw my psychiatrist a few weeks ago and she advised me to not avoid social situations due to my anxiety, so I generally go out whenever someone asks me to...but it hasn't helped. I'm still really, really nervous all the time. And I get really depressed unless I'm drinking. Sigh. It just annoys me because I feel like most of the professionals I see have no clue what I'm going through. 




 Do you still go out at all? Or do you just stay in? I feel like I'm obligated to go out with people so I can keep up my circle of friends, but it's so exhausting. 




 I've been having issues with going out in public and anxiety/depression. Basically I feel physically sick, my stomach hurts and I literally cannot eat at all. This sucks because if I'm out at a restaurant I am always having to tell people oh, I don't feel well, or I ate before, blah blah. And they must think I'm just rude or something. 

I've been coping with this by just drinking obnoxious amounts. This is sort of a gamble, because either I drink and have a good time, or I drink and become more depressed and then hate myself, and then it's just not fun for anyone. HOW can I enjoy going out? I don't want to be a shut in.  




 My current routine is:
AM - Rinse face, Cerave in the tub, Neutrogena SPF 30.
PM - OCM with mineral oil, cleanse with Cerave Foaming, Stridex red box, Hado labo replenishing lotion, then Cerave PM - sometimes vaseline too if I'm feeling dry.

So I trimmed down my routine because something was breaking me out, now I'm doing alright. I'm also on BC so I think that is helping. I haven't missed a single night in cleansing and I sleep on a new pillow case every night. 

I want to know about recommendations for how to improve my skin further. I think I've pretty much controlled my acne, but I'm concerned adding another product in will cause problems. I ordered a sample of the 8% AHA toner from Silk Naturals and patch tested it and I like it, but it's hard to tell if it's doing much for my skin. 

I also have a lot of redness from spots. I wear sunscreen every day and it is fading some. I ordered the super serum from Silk Naturals - would this be a good product to buy the full bottle of? I was also looking into the OST C20 serum. 

Also, this is sort of unrelated but I have some deep scars on my leg and a few burn scars on my arm. They are white and sort of raised. Is there anything that will lessen their appearance other than going to a derm for treatment? It's sort of embarrassing. Thanks!! 




 So I have issues with getting things done, and putting tasks off definitely makes me more depressed, yet I can't bring myself to actually do them. I feel this weird euphoria when I PLAN on doing something and then DON'T do it. Then over the next few days I feel horribly guilty, and to get over that I put off more tasks to feel better, and so on and so forth, and I remain pretty depressed. 

What can I do to slowly become more organized? I want to train my brain to feel good after completing tasks, but generally the pay off isn't as strong when I complete things like homework or updating my resume or cleaning my house. I also really want to be one of those people who loves to-do lists and can write a manageable to-do list and actually stick to it. 

I basically just build up the task so much - i.e. I need to clean my apartment. I know I need to do it, but I think, whatever, it's clean enough, and I put it off. Then it gets worse, and I start feeling guilty, but I tell myself it's fine. It keeps getting worse, and I stubbornly refuse to clean it at this point. I tell myself, "I'm going to do this when I feel like it," and I never do. Then it's so awful the guilt basically consumes me and it takes me practically 5 hours to clean my place and afterwards I despise cleaning so much that I let it get to that state continuously. It's just exhausting, and it is definitely allowing my depression to continue. 

Does anyone have any advice? Thank you!! 




 What happens to me is I keep to my routine for months and then the one time I don't wash my face I wake up and my skin is miraculously clearer. I swear it's because I stress too much about my skin...sigh. 




 Another thing to think about too is that when you start doing makeup you make mistakes and you experiment and your technique should, theoretically, improve. But if you're surrounded by people who are constantly praising you regardless of how terrible it actually looks, you won't get better. This is one of those times I'm actually thankful I have a family full of blunt assholes who would not hesitate to make fun of my raccoon eyes or my weird, too dark eyebrows or my spider eyelashes.  




 My ex husband cheated on me after five years. The fact is, you could get cheated on, but that doesn't negate any happiness you had with someone before. I have a new partner and I have a great time with them and enjoy myself. If they end up cheating on me it will hurt obviously but at least I'll be able to say I had fun while it lasted. The cheating doesn't negate the entire relationship. 

It was hard to trust in the beginning. I kept thinking, this guy is going to hurt me eventually. Or, statistically he is going to cheat. And eventually I just had so much fun around him that I stopped caring. Enjoy the moment. You dont want to ruin a good thing by thinking about what could happen in the future. 

Plus I keep telling my SO if he feels the need to cheat let's just have a threesome lol.  




 Just want to rave. Had acne on butt, used Stridex pads. Butt acne now gone. It's so wonderful :D 




 I have two products I use for a BHA, one is the Rapid Clear Acne Defense Lotion and the other is Stridex in the red box. I find that Stridex is *massively* better than the Rapid Clear. Why would this be when they are both 2% SA? 

Like, this is TMI but I broke out weirdly on my butt (never happens to me) so I used stridex, and the next day it was basically entirely gone. What is this voodoo magic? The rapid clear lotion is not that effective. Is it because it's a lotion? Whereas the stridex is just the SA? 

Also, I'm switching to the Silk Naturals AHA toner from Glycolic acid as that was too strong. How often should I use it? I have a sample currently and a big bottle is on the way. With the sample I used it sparingly (3x a week). 




 My routine was pretty solid and I switched to using sunflower oil and neem oil as my OCM. As long as the oils don't break you out it's fine. I haven't noticed much of a difference from when I switched from mineral to sunflower oil, but I did like the results from adding in the mineral oil - my skin was a lot softer and less dry.  




 This is decent advice, but know that some products will break people out. You could be using a group of products religiously and still breakout. There are so many variables in skincare and we don't know why some people break out and others don't, and it's frustrating when you get told you just aren't following your routine religiously enough. 

If you have skin care issues I would check out /r/skincareaddiction and if your acne is severe enough see a derm.  




 I have tea tree oil diluted in mineral oil. It's 10% TTO. Is it okay to put this all over my face? I have put it on most of my cheeks, chin, and forehead and didn't experience any negative side effects. I want to use something that will prevent acne from forming, and I already use a BHA but I'm still getting acne. 

Thanks! 




 I've been confused about my skin as well. I assume it's KP, and the longer I go without moisturizing the redder and more irritated it looks. Be aware the before picture was after only a few days of not moisturizing. It is bumpy, but not super red. I assume it's just mild KP. At the very least, it's annoying, and keeping my legs exfoliated and moisturized makes them look better! 




 Yes, I have, and it doesn't burn my skin. However, I have used the AmLactin after shaving as well and it didn't burn, so you could have the same problem.  




 Wow, didn't even know there was a generic version. Totally going to try this! 




 Gold Bonds I like based on the texture and the smell. The CeraVe lotion leaves my skin kind of sticky and weird. It works well but if I put clothes on right after I feel gross! 




 I've heard so many good things about these cloths that I just need to buy some! 




 RAVE: Just bought the sample pack of the Innisfree Green Tea line. I absolutely love how this stuff smells. The green tea seed serum is awesome. The cream is also excellent. It was worth it just from the smell. I really want to try the green tea sleeping pack but it's all a little expensive for me right now. I went a little nuts and picked at my face (I know...) and these products helped soothe everything. 

I also just sampled the AHA toner from Silk Naturals and I'm really loving it! It doesn't cause me to break out and it works really nicely. I will probably order a full bottle and incorporate it into my daily routine.  




 Cool! I just got a sample bottle of the super serum, and I'm excited to try it. I will keep in mind that it's drying though! 




 Seriously, what a freakin' nut case!  




 Lmao a sword? What a twat.  




 This is the most pathetic and hilarious thing I have ever heard!  




 This is just kind of a rant. When I look at my skin in my bathroom lighting I'm all excited because it looks nice and feels smooth. I went to send a snap of myself in the living room which has natural lighting and god could you see all of my acne and flaws. I felt gross. How do I deal with the emotional aspect of my skin? I feel like everyone can see even my tiniest flaws.  




 I do use the BHA first, but I'm glad you explained it because I never knew why! And last night I was like hm...can I use the AHA first? So thanks! 




 I personally love it. It was the first moisturizer I tried from this subreddit's recommendation. It never broke me out and kept my skin hydrated. However, if I use it on the skin around my eyes it tends to dry them out, so now I apply a bit of Vaseline on top around my eyes and that seems to help a lot. 

It does have fatty alcohols in it, which can cause issues with certain people.  




 Ah I see, a month then...I've been really proud of myself for not squeezing! 

I have been massaging my face harder when I cleanse with oil, which is possibly irritating my skin. But I do moisturize thoroughly and use Vaseline at night. I do wait between products, generally 20-30 minutes between the AHA and BHA, so I believe the products have enough time to work. I only use my AHA about 3-4 times a week though, more than that is too much. 

I guess I'll just have to be patient! I don't want to end up with scars.  




 AmLactin smells so awful but it works so nicely! 




 Yeah! I was lazy with my comment haha. It stands for post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation. You can see more about it in the sidebar too. Sometimes people confuse PIH with PIE (not sure what the E stands for), which have different treatments.  




 How long does it take the SA to work? I have these types of plugs on my temples that never disappear unless I squeeze them out. I use a 2% SA Lotion every night and BP. I'm also using an AHA. It's been over two weeks and they're still there! It's driving me nuts. You can't really even see them...but I can feel them and it's annoying.  




 Acne scarring.  




 Hey everyone! So I have mild KP on my body, most noticeably on my legs and my arms. For those who don't know KP is basically bumps, either white or red, on your skin that don't go away. They are extremely common, I believe 40% of people are affected. It's genetic I believe - my dad has the same skin. You can read more about it [here](http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/keratosis-pilaris/basics/definition/con-20025750). 

After doing some research on this condition, I found [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTX542IdCjM) video by Veronica Gorgeois that I found extremely helpful. 

I followed her advice and this is my routine:

* Exfoliate the affected area whenever I shower with exfoliating gloves. (Note: According to Veronica, loofah's do not properly exfoliate. I found my gloves at Walgreens and they are very effective. I've been interested in picking up one of [these](http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000EZQGU4/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pC_nS_ttl?_encoding=UTF8 colid=1U84WIYAMJ69 coliid=I31O0ILSLEBO9S) Salux cloths too).

* Shave the area with mineral oil or coconut oil. If you are acne prone on your body I would advice against coconut oil, but mineral oil should be okay. I find it more moisturizing than shaving cream. (Note: I use a double edge razor and use a fresh blade each time. I get a much smoother shave and less irritation. You can find more info at /r/wicked_edge).

* I keep the area as moisturized as possible. I apply [Vaseline Intensive Repair Lotion, Fragrance Free](http://www.vaseline.us/product/intensive-care/lotions/advanced-repair-fragrance-free-lotion.html) after showering and whenever they feel dry.

* Every other night I use [CeraVe SA Renewing Cream](http://www.cerave.com/our-products/moisturizers/sa-renewing-cream). This helps chemically exfoliate my skin and keeps it really smooth. Admittedly it's expensive at $20 a tub. For a cheaper option I recommend the Gold Bonds Rough and Bumpy lotion or AmLactin.

The downside of all of this is that this routine doesn't permanently fix anything. The KP returns quickly once I stop using lotion. It's a little depressing...but if I want smooth legs I can get there within a day or two. 

[Here](http://imgur.com/a/RMRV5) are the pictures of my left calf. Ignore the cut - I'm still learning how to use my DE razor lol. I know the lighting isn't quite the same but I can assure you the spots have definitely reduced in size and my skin is very smooth.  




 I love all of these. I'm saving the link so when I have a bit more money I can commission a picture of my boyfriend's two cats... He would love it. The star trek one is absolutely adorable. I love the style!  




 That was my favorite too! I'd have that picture hanging in my house.  




 This is hilarious!  




 I'm not exactly sure why... My last therapist did what you said they should do,  never offered advice or prodded me to make any decisions. Idk. I guess you're right that I don't have to like them.  




 I wasn't asking for advice. I simply discussed a part of my life and they gave me that advice.  




 I feel like every therapist I've been to is awful. They've each given me awful advice. One therapist suggested that, despite not being happy with my husband (ex-husband now), I should stay with him for stability while in school. She also implied I wouldn't be able to take care of myself financially without him. Another insisted I get on birth control because, "having a baby would make your depression 100x worse." The last therapist I saw was probably the best, but in the end I didn't find it helpful. Under my insurance I pay 30 dollars, which isn't so bad, but I can't afford 30 dollars every week. 

How can I find a good therapist? I get recommendations from doctors and from my university but I never like any of them.  




 On the Silk Naturals website you can select a sample size to order.  




 I think she has a great body and a great face. She's adorable.  




 I like it but I'm only patch testing with a sample bottle. You can order a sample bottle before committing to the full one. It's not as strong as glycolic acid but it's 8% lactic acid. It may work for you but everyone's skin is different. I suggest getting samples of it, you can also get samples of the Paulas choice AHA gel.  




 I was seeing a therapist who worked with me doing CBT, it wasn't an 18 week course but I saw him for around 6 months. I'm not sure how formal it was but he had me complete worksheets on my thoughts. I didn't see any improvement and he started telling me I have the tools to be happy but I'm not putting the effort in. So... I stopped going because I felt like a failure.  




 So I've been on Zoloft for a few months. My doctor stopped upping my dosage so I'm stuck with only 50mg. Basically I told her there was improvement so she said there was no reason to up the dosage. Is this normal?

Basically the medication has helped the anxiety I have in social situations and has helped with panic, but I still have depression and anxiety symptoms every day. I can get through my day to day responsibilities but I'm not really happy. I'm really sick of it, I've felt this way for around 10 or more years and it's really disappointing. 

I've seen around 5 different therapists and they all seemed like a waste of money, so I'm not interested in going into therapy. The only professional I see now is my psychiatrist. Anyway, just needed to rant. I just assumed if I had the motivation to get things done I would be happy, but that isn't the case. I'm just so blah all the time.  




 Can you order anything online? I've been patch testing the Silk Naturals AHA and I am liking it so far, and it's not as irritating as the Alpha Hydrox.  




 Is this true? I have had doctors tell me two different stories and I don't know what to think. My last doctor said birth control may increase appetite. It's odd because on the pill I don't gain weight but with depo I did. The doctor that gave me depo said I could possibly gain a ton of weight...  




 I went through two containers of that stuff. It smells great and the formula isn't greasy. It's not too expensive compared to other products for KP. So far I've used Alpha Hydrox lotion, gold bonds, cerave renewing SA Cream, and am lactin. Gold bonds wins hands down. I like the results from the cerave but it leaves my skin feeling sticky and weird. Totally recommend the gold bonds! 

I also recommend using it as little as you can afford to and moisturize with a cheaper body lotion in between. Kind of obvious but keeping the skin moisturized helps with the bumps. I can get away with every other day now, and keeping the areas shaved, moisturized, and exfoliated. 

The sad part is after a few days of not using it my legs were red and bumpy again :(  




 Silk Naturals had an 8% Aha. You can order a small sample size to try from their website.  




 That must be why I got closex comedones and white heads when using it. Sigh. I have a whole bottle of it left.  




 I had zero idea. I only know one person who has had a miscarriage and she sends out emails to everyone she knows on the anniversary of the miscarriage. It's weird. I just assumed it was really traumatic.  




 Free world. 




 So, were I to experience a miscarriage, there would be no lasting physical effects at all?  




 It wasn't obviously anything fuck head. I can say lol and it means fuck all.  




 Good for you, be fucking embarrassed. It's called real life, people swear. Go outside and witness it.  




 I didn't imply shit with that comment. It was a question. Asking, who would it be untrue for? It's like, oh, you know, getting limbs amputated is a traumatic experience. And then someone says, that's not true. And I would be in awe and say, untrue for who!?

I then said miscarriages are PHYSICALLY traumatic. For everyone. I am not a fucking victim, are you retarded? It's irritating that I'm getting blasted for believing miscarriages are a huge deal, which apparently, they aren't. I haven't had a miscarriage. I haven't gotten an abortion. Excuse me. And I can fucking swear if I god damn please. It's the fucking internet. 

That isn't what I said at all honestly. I'm fucking impressed by the level of argument I'm receiving here, but it's bullshit. 




 Jesus fucking christ. My point is that miscarriages should be considered fucking traumatic. If someone has a miscarriage, they should go to the fucking doctor to make sure that everything is fine. It's physically traumatic on your body. Like, what in the fuck is everyone smoking? If someone has a miscarriage and doesn't know it, which apparently is the case a lot of the time, then so be it. God forbid we take a miscarriage seriously. Fucking hell. 




 I am irritated, yes. I feel like either I'm not communicating my opinion properly or you guys are interpreting my statement wrong. It's aggravating because it's not face to face contact, and so when someone disagrees you know that they disagree but not why. You can't have an actual argument with someone. Not that I'm even arguing anything...it's ridiculous. I'm shocked people don't experience any kind of physical or emotional trauma from a miscarriage or an abortion, but you can bet if I knew someone who went through it or experienced I would be extremely concerned.  




 What the hell? Absolutely not. I'm not believing a god damn thing one way or the other. 

Like, I'm saying miscarriages must suck and people are like "Fuck you, I'm going to downvote you." Jesus Christ. 




 I presented zero as fact, thanks. I even asked in my first comment, who would be happy about having a miscarriage? Nothing was fact. Reddit is the only place where people would get offended by daring to suggest people are traumatized by miscarriages and abortions.  




 All I believe is its a scary experience. Miscarriage or abortion. Idk why I'm being down voted. It sucks and no one wants to go through it.  




 That sounds rough. I still believe the physical experience of having a miscarriage is traumatic for everyone. You might have been happy it happened but I've heard it's very painful and scary.  




 Source? That seems very odd.  




 Same! My boyfriend and I argue and then I usually start laughing. We've had a few major fights but nothing serious. I think if you find the right person you don't want to argue, you just want to have a good time! 




 Lol untrue for who?  




 Just a warning, Alpha Hydrox products are quite strong. The lotion has 10% gylcolic acid whereas St. Ives and Silk Naturals uses lactic acid at I believe 8%.  




 Did the head and shoulders have salicylic acid in it? That could explain why it worked well for your skin.  




 I guess? People don't go around stealing toilet paper in public bathrooms. I guess you haven't been in a situation where you got your period and had zero tampons and pads.  




 Okay but toilet paper is free in a public bathroom. So there should be some free tampons and stuff in case of emergencies.  




 I hate the disposable soft cups. Idk if I put it in wrong or what but randomly throughout the day it like flipped in its side and out gushed a bunch of period juice. I've used a diva cup with zero problems though so idk.  




 I've dealt with anxiety for most of my life, including panic attacks. Exercise helps immensely with anxiety, especially cardio. I also really like yoga because stretching seems to help. Meditation is extremely effective for anxiety and stress, even if you don't know what you're doing. Absolute beginners who meditate 20 minutes a day experienced improvements in anxiety!

Also, I tend to experience a lot of anxiety right before and during my period. Try to reduce any stress in your life. Chat with a friend about your anxiety - I'm sure they've experienced something similar. You don't need to deal with anxiety alone. 

The good news is, panic attacks don't present you with any immediate danger. Basically your body is prepping you for a flight or fight response. You might feel like you can't breathe, your heart might race, and you might feel hot/flushed, but those are temporary physical symptoms. If I have a panic attack I remind myself that it's temporary.  




 I've tried gold bonds as well, the smell is loads better and it's cheaper. The Cerave was about 20 bucks and gold bonds was 13ish for me. It worked nicely but I find the cerave more effective.  




 There was one study that showed women who get raped have higher incidents of pregnancy during that year, which has absolute zero to do with arousal. 

Edit: Not to mention, here is the abstract from your cited article (I wasn't able to find the full text) - "The review examines whether unsolicited or non-consensual sexual stimulation of either females or males can lead to unwanted sexual arousal or even to orgasm. The conclusion is that such scenarios can occur and that the induction of arousal and orgasm does not indicate that the subjects consented to the stimulation. A perpetrator’s defence simply built upon the fact that evidence of genital arousal or orgasm proves consent has no intrinsic validity and should be disregarded." 




 Rave: CeraVe Renewing SA Cream. I didn't think it was that amazing until I stopped moisturizing my legs for a few days and my KP was back and I had little red bumps all over my legs. One day after applying this product and my legs look loads better. I'm so impressed!  




 I'll just use a makeup wipe and put on my cerave in the tub and then vaseline.  




 No, I only recently started the birth control (as in a week ago) and I have been having breakouts for a few months. I haven't been on it long enough to tell if it has improved or worsened my acne. 

I'm looking at stress or some product I was using. I'll keep an eye on the BC though.  




 I was referring more to the time investment of hating fat people. It sounds like a chore to be filled with rage any time you see someone overweight. But, ya'll want to justify being pricks go right ahead.  




 Hey everyone. I need some help figuring out where to go with my routine. I had a really elaborate routine and I had thought my skin was improving. The texture was really smooth and my skin felt very hydrated. I patch tested everything by applying a small amount by my neck area/jawline, and I had no adverse reactions to any products. 

However, I was getting acne in places I never did before. I had a bad breakout on my neck, jawline, and the area around my mouth. I originally suspected my Alpha Hydrox Lotion, which has 10% glycolic acid. I cut that out for a week and was still getting new blemishes, and eventually I got frustrated because my skin was looking worse than before I started a routine. 

So, now I have a TON of products and I want to figure out what makes me breakout and what will help my skin. How do I do this? I believe I should introduce one product and use it for at least a few days. Should I increase this time to a week? Or two weeks? 

My uncomplicated routine currently is rinsing my face in the morning and applying sunscreen. At night I remove any makeup with makeup remover or mineral oil, and then cleanse with Cerave foaming cleanser and moisturize with Cerave in the tub. I've been using my Burts Blemish Stick on any acne because I've used that since high school and have found it works pretty well. 

So should I wait until my current breakouts subside to start introducing products? How big of an area should I patch test? I was considering doing the entire side of one face because I patch tested before but I never had a bad reaction. Also, how long should I be patch testing these products?

I'm sorry this is so long! I'm also experiencing some stress and I started a new birth control pill (which will hopefully help with breakouts). I just spent a fair amount of money on these products and did quite a lot of research, so I'd prefer to keep as many of them as I can. 

Thank you guys! 




 I know :( 




 If you want to see tits there are better places to do so.  




 It's a circlejerk that when a girl posts a picture of her makeup on MUA she always manages to get a bunch of cleavage in the shot. 




 It is really awful. It's pretty pathetic how much time and effort they put into hating people who are fat. Like, do you have nothing more constructive to do?  




