 You'd be surprised. Some other guy I'm speaking with legit said gay men have lower standards, because men in general do. 




 Not really. There are three types. The "ugh men just see me as meat", the "I'm terrified so maybe if he thinks I'm with another man, they'll back off" and, as you said, the "ugh men are always trying to fuck me I look so good." 




 I understand. In my experience though, people who think they're always in the friendzone or whatever (aka not attractive to women) tend to have that mentality as well.  




 I like how you can both ignore what I wrote and read too much into my comments. Love it. 




  Yeah, the one kind likes men and the other kind likes women. That's all the difference really.

My goodness. Have you studied the topic? I can only accept such statements from someone who has actually studied the topic. Not some guy who think, oh since they're a guy, they can talk about how all men work.  




 I talked about all straight men, including the ugly ones who think they're so much better. Did you not understand my question? I'm not talking about the few top models who, yes, will get looks. 

And again, you're not providing me with any source that says all men have lower standards, and I doubt you're a sociologist. You see, there is a difference between gay men and straight men.  




  As long as you aren't physically hurting someone or harassing them, you should be able to say what you want.

I would advise reconsidering what you just said. From a black person to a fellow black person. 
 




 You're a straight man writing 'rules of conduct' for both women and gay men. The only fact you said there is that men have more testosterone than women. And if you want to go there, levels of testosterone in men have dropped immensely in the past century. Does it mean men have become picky like women? And are athletic women less picky with who they are attracted to? 

That doesn't mean gay men have lower standards when it comes to physical attraction. Because you do know there is a difference between physical attraction and sexual attraction? If most women think you're ugly, most gay men will, as well.

And that still doesn't make it right. Why get offended, or weirded out, when you just said it's a man trait? Why is it okay if a man does it to a woman, but to another man it's just "wow dude. no homo." 




 Says who, again? And where do gay men come into play in your argument?  




 Says who? 




 Well exactly. There's no difference between gay men and women (if you're a straight men). But straight men always think gay men are looking at them, when not. If you're not popular with the ladies based on your looks, why assume that somehow, gay men will look at you 'that way'? 

The amount of attention you get from women will be about the same from gay men. Not all women acknowledge you, so don't act all weird around gay men because you don't want them to 'look at you that way'. Maybe two out of thousands will notice you. Unless you're drop dead gorgeous. But even if it is the case, why not just be flattered and move on?

(general you, not talking about you personally)  




 But it's not because a man is gay that they find every other men attractive. Their standards aren't lower than that of men, so if women don't look at you, don't assume gay men will.  




 My question is, why do straight men automatically think gay men are into them? I see this all the time.  




 I'm usually such a negative person, talking about negative stuff and wanting to hear the negative out of people's life (I guess to feel like I'm not completely doomed). Well let me change that, and ask about the good in your life!  




 I am quite the same as well. I always daydream about somehow having a very loving relationship, but I know for a fact it won't happen. It usually happens when I need comfort. Plus, right now, I am living with the most loving family/couple I ever met, and when they're loving to each other, I can't help but hate it, in a "Ugh ok we get it. Damn." even though I do not hate them at all. 

But yeah. I'm alone for the rest of my life. Might as well stop daydreaming so much.  




 I regret I do not have confidence. It is one of those things I really wish I was born with. Actually, I guess I was, but I lost it immediately after birth or something, and at age 12-13, I had zero left. I hope one day that changes, but that's just me hoping. I don't see the situation changing, tbh.  




 Yeah. Now the trick is to know what you truly want. Being around her during those days only taught me that her lifestyle wasn't something I was envious of anymore. I wanted to be outgoing and sociable just like her, until yesterday when I had some sort of a meltdown from being overly stimulated (we spent the whole day out, which is something I never liked and never really did, unless I was alone and actively busy). We were in the middle of a theatre play, during the entr'act at 10 pm, when I just got up and left. Too much was happening and I wanted some time to myself. During that moment she was chatting with people she had just met, and in 15 minutes she got invited to a party. I went from "omg that is so cool how did she do that" to "good for her but I'm glad I'm not her" in seconds. I'm glad I'm more aware of my inability to enjoy being sociable. Just gotta accept it now. 




 I am not sociable at all. However, for the past four days, a college friend has been staying over and she is easily the most sociable person I ever met. 

Well, I live in Germany but we went to school together in Canada, and she would approach literally everyone who spoke English. So I guess her trick is to find something her and the other person have in common, without it being too common.  




 An au-pair is someone who, in exchange of free boarding (often in a foreign country) must take care of her host family's children. You get a salary, but obviously not that much since you are taken care of. Normally, the only thing an au-pair has to pay for is her plane ticket and her bisa, but even then, some hot families pays for that (or pays for half) 




 Would it be considered a job? I'm an au-pair : ) 




 Yeah, you're right. I'm a little too pessimistic about it. I'm afraid some aspects of my personality just won't change, as they are part of who I was "wired" to be though.  




 Hey, we're in the same timezone! 

I was sitting on the sofa, and I thought a curl of hair was tickling my neck. I brush my hand against my neck and ... a bug. A green one, in the shape of a square, just crawling on my neck. I flicked it off and it fell off behind the sofa. Few minutes later, I think the tag from my shirt (it's on the side and low) is tickling my waist. I reach out to fix it so I don't feel it, same bug. This time, my hands pushes it on the sofa. I take a piece of paper, grab it, and flush it. Didn't work. Tried again. The thing is somehow surviving the tsunami the toilet is creating. Tried a third time. Finally, it is gone.

I took a baby wipe and just cleaned my neck like it's covered with toxic stuff.

Still paranoid as hell!  




 I love children, want children, but I don't think I am emotionally stable enough for it.  




 Honey, unlike you, I educate myself before forming an opinion on foreign things. 

Try it sometimes.  




 Ok someone needs a serious lesson on culture. PSY uses humour, maybe a type of humour the Western world doesn't understand (though it is not that odd), to talk about an 'issue' that is prevalent in South Korea. In the district Gangnam which is part of Seoul, most of the inhabitants are rich old people. Those rich old people like young girls. PSY is portraying an old man under a ridiculous light, who's trying too hard to impress some 20 year old girl he likes.

Oppa in Korean is the word girls and women use when referring to an older male person you're close to, so including a boyfriend. So, Oppa Gangnam style = rich old boyfriend. 

PSY has been around for AGES. He didn't do this for fame, he already had a descend carrier in South Korea. Dumb Western people who were bored saw this, made fun of it (partly because 'Omg what is this strange language), shared it with their friends, making it viral.  




 I only "cared" because they kept showing this overly dramatic adds on the side.  




 Nah, not e-stalking him really. I am very self-conscious, and he has already ignored one of my messages, and one day, I noticed that instead of having his name written in our convo, it said "Facebook User". So my self-conscious ass would verify often enough to make sure he has not blocked me. 

I do this with anyone who deletes their Facebook profile a short period after we've had an (unsuccessful) conversation.  




 I think I am, because once he has read what I hdd written to him, and he hasn't replied. It really made me feel terrible. Like I was too annoying.  




 I'v messaged him once, he read it, and never replied. Then days later he deleted his Facebook. I honestly thought I was just blocked.  









 A college friend is coming over to my place tomorrow. She was supposed to come on Sunday, but she cancelled and said she'd find another date, that got me angry and I didn't want her to stay over where I am anymore (this is no hotel!) but turns out she has no place to go. I feel bad, so she's staying over. So, my room is dirty (sick this weekend, didn't clean up), I need to wash my sheets and carpet, I need to find things to do with her for the next five days ... I am nervous.  




 But why not talk casually, maybe start with a friendship, then see if the woman (since now I know you're not a kid so please let's refer to "girls" 18+ as women) if the woman for you, and if you're personality match, then just ask her on a date, on fine evening, and if she accepts, yay! If not, at least you have a friendship, and hopefully, it was genuine.  




 Yeah! Some receptionists just say "There's something for you at my desk" or "Something just arrived and it's for you" or any variants, and you go and find out yourself.  




 Ah I see. Yeah when I hear it, it usually flows automatically. Hmm it is odd.  




 Yes, but her job is to tell you that something is here for you. Whatever it is doesn't matter, but the fact that it's here, is.  




 "or whatever" is slang though. It's just ... How can I explain this ... People seem to say it when they think they're just saying details, as in "I'm saying this but it's not so important. Whatever else I'm saying is, though."

For instance, I want to talk to you about the cool bag I saw today. I'd say: "So I was in the mall with this guy or whatever, when I looked through x store window display, and I saw this bag!!" 

She could be saying it for another reason, but yeah. It's also slang.  




 I know what you mean. What I am saying though, is that talking to a girl and a boy is the exact same thing. The difference is the comfort level you have with whichever gender. I'm a girl, been around only girls and women from the age of 12, until the age of 17. College was traumatizing as hell since I was, all of a sudden, in a mixed environment, and talking to a woman was much easier. However, it turned out to be the same as talking to a man.  




 Not really. If she's a loner and an outcast everywhere she is, that's exactly the opposite of most teens. If she says she is a loner and an outcast, there's a 50% chance she's saying this to sound edgy, but there's also a 50% chance she's been for real. If she's a loner and an outcast within the family only, then yeah I agree. But doesn't mean she'll automatically be fine.  




 Same. I'm prude as fuck and sometimes I wish I weren't.  




 I mean. A girl and a boy are not so different from one another ... If you're convinced girls are so different, maybe you're looking for the wrong type of girls. Just talk about whatever, and eventually you'll find something you both enjoy.  




 Exactly! It's all so genuine and they aren't trying to shove a message down your throat. Actually, this entire project was not a commercial, just some guy who wanted to do something.

I really love that other half, when they see what sunscreen looks like. Especially that first lady that goes "WOW!" I don't know. It makes me happy.  




 But you described being with your boyfriend negatively, while you described being alone positively. 

I do believe you took a decision, you just feel bad for taking it.  




 Nah. Just gonna save my money and do it myself. I'm looking after a one year old and I think a fishing game would be really awesome for him, so I bought one. Turns out the toy I bought is not baby-friendly. I'm thinking about making simple fish on Photoshop, print them, put a paper clip on them, get a stick, some wire and a magnet to make a fishing pole, and call it a day. 

The good thing with young children is that they don't care about appearance yet.  




 Well, you took your decision, haven't you? 

 "I am craving some alone time with myself and I."

 "Going over to his house isn't my idea of alone time with myself."

 "There will ultimately be some form of drama/stress going on." 




 I was planning on going to return a toy I just purchased a couple of hours ago. Turns out it's for children 3+ (and the child in question is only a year old), and I decided to just make it myself, which could end up being cheaper. 

But now, a part of my body is bleeding and if I were to move for too long, another part of my body would rub against the bleeding spot, and the friction would not help said spot to heal. : (  




 [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9BqrSAHbTc) from last year, encouraging people to wear sunscreen. They see under UV light, and see what their skin looks like. The music is extremely appropriate and soothing, and obviously the way the images were taken and edited is artistically done. I don't know. It's just beautiful.  




 Ah, excitement pee? Looks like I'm gonna have to show up with a mop ready! Thank you : ) 




 Thanks! Those are the best videos.  




 Thank you! And wow, 9 months. Feeling a bit reassured : ) 




 Yes! Leaving pets behind is terrible! I understand your feeling totally. 




 Thank you. I truly hope mine isn't the exception to the rule : ) 




 I'm currently in Germany, and will be until May 2016 (15 months overseas), and I have a dog back in Canada where I resided before. Long story short I wonder if he'll remember me when I come back. I already feel bad for "abandoning" him (though it's not like he's with strangers. he's still in the same house, with my mother and grandmother), but he's still my dog, and now I'm gone. I'm really feeling emotional and I don't know what to do.

Anyway. Anyone else has reunited with their pets after a long time away?  




 I've been considering Mirena, to be honest. You're so lucky! But I wonder if anyone can get it, or if you need a legitimate reason.  




 Yes, it happened to me a few years ago and today. I've had a Facebook account since I was 11 (I am now 19), some of my school friends joined a year later, most of them joined when they turned 13 (since that's the rule). Thinking back, I was the kid who would take pictures and take videos most of the time. I believe the first ever video I posted on Facebook was of me, a couple of friends and I, doing a [dabke](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMEHhv_DAB8) It looked nothing like that, by the way. We were a bunch of kids, and none of us knew how to dabke properly so the choreography was basic. It was choreographed by our Grade 6 teacher for us to show our parents during our primary school graduation ceremony, and we decided to practice and to film it. 

I look back at all those friendships I've had. I think I have had a friendship with almost everyone in my grade once I was in High School (mind you, my school is a small little private catholic school, and high school is girls only). Me taking pictures or videos, posting stuff on their walls, updating my status like every hour. Then, some time in 2009-2010, I would update my status maybe once a month, twice a month ... usually to get a point across, concerning something from school. For instance one of them was something like "To the girls posting pictures of our Christmas project on Facebook, do y'all wanna be killed by a nun?" (we had this project where we would go visit a school with less fortunate children and give them gifts, an we were obviously not allowed to post the pictures of the children online, but no one listened to that rule). 

During that same period of time, I stopped posting pictures of myself. All of my Facebook pictures were of my favorite celebrities. Then, on November 24, 2011, I posted my last two status ever. The second to last one was "Slowly but surely becoming more and more anti social ..." and about half an hour later, "No more selfishness." I was going through rough times, and I decided I was not worthy of people's attention anymore. 

Few weeks later, I blocked my profile. No one can post anything, no one can view anything, except my profile picture (but then they wouldn't be able to open it). Few months later, I deleted everything related to me: so pictures, videos, at some point I had changed my name and deleted all school friends. (When people started noticing, they were like wtf! and I added some back. To this day, I have maybe 40 girls I have yet to accept their friend request). Then maybe in 2013 or 2014, I took a full day to block every single thing I have posted since 2007. So basically, if you were to see my Facebook profile now, the only thing you'd have access to would be my cover picture because it can't be set on private. Of course you can see my profile picture (right now, it's [this gem](http://36.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_kvm1hjyQcT1qzm6hyo1_1280.jpg) I found online), but you can't open it to like or comment on it. I still don't post statuses or anything, actually. 

Sorry, this is long. Today, a friend of mine sent me a screenshot of a message I sent her back in 2010, and wow. I was a different kid!  




 Thank you! But may I ask something? Do you mean like, as you're inserting the tampon, you go from feeling pressure to feeling nothing? The bigger tampons never really hurt (unless I'd put them in a hurry), but there was so much pressure down there. That was so uncomfortable. I could feel that my vagina had a thing inside of it that was not, by nature, meant to be in there.  




 I guess so. But when I say I would feel my tampon, when I started using the bigger size, I would feel pressure only, and not the tampon itself (I believe). It felt like there was something stuck in my vagina and it wanted to come out, but wouldn't. I feel the same when I'm on my period and a blood cloth is about to come out (sorry, tmi), so I guessed this feeling was normal? But it's not comfortable. At all.  




 Oh my. Poor girl. It's honestly the worst feeling, and to know that someone else can smell it just kills you.  




 Yes hopefully. To be fair my first time was scheduled by my parents and I guess they didn't care about that much. But yes now i'll definitely try choosing someone with whom I'm comfortable!  




 Thanks! I guess I will give it a try! : ) 




 It never actually came out while I'm walking (I have big thighs, there's that), but then I would sit and then *whoosh*! But while walking and all, I would actually feel it moving down.  




 Thank you so much : ) That's really nice of you to think so. I like your positivity!  




 THANK YOU! This will save me tons of unnecessary loads and presoaking!  




 Yes, you're totally right. I know there are men who are not sex addicts and whatever, but I feel like I would never meet someone who's just okay with the idea of no sex at all, ever. Maybe I need to go out more.

But honestly, I don't mind being celibate at this point. It would be too good to be true to find someone willing to deal with an asocial type of personality disorder, random busts of anxiety, constant depression, and on top of that, no sex. I will honestly apply to have my own reality TV show if such a thing happen, it's so unlikely.  




 I used to use Tampax Playtex. I started with a (I believe) medium size, but it would slide off. So I went for the bulkiest one, and I had no leaks, but gosh was it uncomfortable. I've seen OB but because a medium Tampax would slide off, I thought it would be way too small.  




 Thanks! And I'll try actually selecting a doctor. When I went to see a gyno when I was younger, it was an old man! Nothing against men of any age, but it made me extremely uncomfortable to have one looking at down there! I'll look for a younger woman.  




 Oh I see. Yeah his movies are quite out there and not for everyone. Oh well. At least you liked one! : ) 




 Thank you for the suggestion! I'll think about it 




 I know, but another problem is that I'm asexual. There's no way I'll ever find an asexual man, and there is no way I'll find a man willing to give up on his sex life for me. I was so sad and desperate about it, I was willing to allow my potential partner to sleep around. However I don't trust that someone would go and sleep with countless other women, and come back home and feel love towards me. I'm pretty sure they'd lose interest in a instant, because sex and the intimacy that comes with it seems to be the foundation of most relationships. 

That's why I said my genes had a reunion. Nothing about me screams "I can be in a relationship!" It's not impossible, but ... still a 1% chance (literally. 1% of the world is asexual) 




 Oh yes! When I wear jeans, it's the worst! I stopped wearing jeans for that reason. At some point, the smell would not come out, even after three washes (It did with vinegar though, but yeah. no more jeans for me!)

I will look into that special pad! Thank you! : )

 




 Nah. It's coming from the toilet bowl. After each use, I pour some Ajax in it and it does help. I just ran out today though, and I was too sick early today to buy some more.  




 Yeah I totally agree. I guess my opinion is biased because I saw two other movies from the same guy, and they were absolutely brilliant, and I think a bit more straightforward anyway. Ever heard of The Shining? Or Clockwork Orange? Those two movies are incredible. The only critic I'll have to say though is that The Shining is not as scary as people say it is. Other than that, amazing.  




 Oh you know, the holy trinity: Depression, Anxiety and a personality disorder that is characterized by bad solitary habits. And not always by choice, but because we don't know how to enjoy people's company, or we don't know what to do in it. Yeah. I'm single for life!  




 They did! I tried wearing tampons for a while and I felt like a sweet baby every time because I wouldn't smell. But honestly, I don't like having a tampon on. It feels odd. I'll have to think about it. Smell or comfort ... 

Thank you!  




 Thank you! I'm wondering if it's an infection as well. Man, I need to grow a pair and see a doctor. Let's say, last time I saw a gyno, it traumatized me!  




 Have you thought about people analyzing it? Sometimes, it can ridiculous (remember when you had to analyze a book in high school, and the teacher would be like "the sky being blue represents the sorrow blablabla" or whatever) But I watched a movie from the same guy who made this one, and oh my. Brilliant, while I watched it, even more brilliant when I read about it.  




 I literally put the problem in bold, though.  




 If you read what I wrote, you wouldn't be wondering what I just said. I said, the smell spreads out of my vagina, and is like an aura around me. That is an issue. I don't want my bedroom to smell like my vagina. I don't want to go out and have people look around, wondering who's having an hemorrhage on the bus. I don't think that shit is normal, or we would be hearing about it. A lot.  




 Thank you! I have to admit though that I feel really ashamed about it and seeing a doctor eye to eye to discuss it is my biggest fear : /
 




 Trust me. I am not really fucked up, I am just not attractive, from head to toe, **without missing the brain**. 




 I wrote this exactly because that does not seem to help. The iron smell remains, no matter what. 




 Nah son, I can guarantee you on that one. It's like my genes had a meet-up, and they were like "Let's fuck her up real good." And I'm not even talking about only the way I look! I'm talking the entire package, from head to toe, without missing the brain. 




 I think it's one of those movies you cannot like, unless you truly get it. Personally I am not into movies, and I only managed to go trough a couple of minutes of it, but it did look pretty cool during those two minutes!  




 My bleeding vagina begs to differ. Why do you think it would be written by a boy?! Honey, if you want to be negative, don't comment on here. I'm looking for genuine help.  




 I never really understood why people were so into superpowers. I think life as it is, is pretty great! I would never in a million years accept such a deal.  




 I'm hating myself. One a month, I stink. Doesn't matter how many showers I take, how many gallons of perfume I pour on me. I go as far as using perfumed baby wipes almost exclusively. I've even sprayed deo, air freshener and the smaller ones you put in your car, towards my nether region, because it freaking stinks! 

And it clearly smells like blood. I'm talking a very distinctive iron smell, that radiates around me. Now even my room (think of it as a studio apartment with its own bathroom) smells awful! I'm going out to buy myself candles and matches because this is not okay. 

Anyone going or who have gone through the same? What has helped?  




 And honestly I don't think that many people would understand the science either, even if they thought about it. Not calling people dumb, but it's one of those "simple yet not the first thing you think of" phenomenon.  




 Lazing in bed because I'm not feeling so well. Gotta go out to buy food though, and I certainly am not looking forward to that. It's already 7 pm and last time I ate was 6 pm yesterday!  




 I find it funny that people would fall for it, just based on the name. Why would a demon from Mexico be named Charlie?! 
However, if you see it happen, I can understand why some people would fall for it. Objects "are not supposed to move on their own", and people won't know that there is science behind it. It just looks like two pens moving on their own, to the average person.  




 I'm only 19, and yeah I definitely think if you believe you "have" to be in relationship, that is a huge problem.

Personally I know for a fact I will never be in a relationship, and I kinda don't care anymore.  




 That's the thing. They can't love you.

Personally, this didn't bother me until I noticed that people who liked saying they love you without knowing you are the first ones to walk away once you open up. So why bother. 




 I think it's the opposite. My definition of love is too complicated (hence why I say loving everyone = trivializing love), and I don't see what one-sidedness has anything to do with it. I mean, if you think love cannot be one-sided, then you're realizing that love is a complicated thing, and you can't just be walking around loving everyone. Someone saying "I love you all" is showing one-sided love. 

On a related note, I love languages where love is said with different words, depending on the situation. Japanese is one good example. I believe they have three ways or saying I love you (or more?)  




 Man. I am not funny nor do I insult people ...

So ... thank you very much! Honestly you did not have to. 

Hey do you speak French? I have a good joke, but it's in French.  




 Yeah I understand. I just wouldn't call it love. Maybe appreciation. But not love.  




 I think lol just indicates the mood you or the other person is in. Like. You could be slightly amused, lol can be used as a way to make whatever you just said less serious, it could be used ironically (like person: "Hey can I borrow 100 dollars please?" you: "lol". it clearly means no, but in a "hahahahahaha! no." way). Etc. 




 I don't want to sound mean and negative because I truly appreciate people who feel this way (if it is genuine), but am I the only person who doesn't like this idea of liking or loving people you barely know, or not know at all? It's just ... odd. And it doesn't feel so genuine because, well, you don't know that person. I feel like it trivializes love. Oh well.

But you seem genuine so I guess, good on you!  




 I don't live at home, but I am not fully independent yet. By that, I mean I have no bills to pay, so nothing really to worry about. I moved away from my family in February, and the time I'm spending away will come to an end some time in May 2016. I do not want to move back with my parents at all. My plan was to move to a city about 9 hours away with my dog, and to go to school there (in Canada). I am lucky enough to have parents who are saving up money for my education (unless they're lying to me about that ..), so I will be using this money for school, then try to get a job. The city I'll be moving to is really cheap, and is right by the border, which separates it from a major American city, so there is opportunity from two lands there. I think I've matured enough in the last few years to understand that this isn't going to be easy. At all. And I've accepted potential defeat, though I'm still a stubborn kid at heart, and I refuse to fully accept the outcome of potential failure (like moving back with my family). Doesn't mean I wouldn't. 

Stories like this scare the shit out of me. I like to believe that I'm ready to live alone, and in a sense, I am! I am partially doing it right now. But money wise, I am terrified. I don't want to have debts, I don't want to be worried about where I spend my money. I know how to budget and I can live cheaply (though sometimes I go overboard), but who says I'll be getting a job? Who says I'll be able to live cheaply at all? For instance, I don't need much space so a studio apartment is perfect for me. I found one for less than 400 dollars a month, which is amazing. Everything included. However, a roof over my head is not the only thing I'll be needing to pay for. Of course, bringing a pet into the mix basically means paying hundreds of dollars for it per year. Will I be able to afford it? Also, food. Food is not so cheap in Canada compared to the US. And, transportation. The city I selected doesn't have a good transportation system, meaning I'll have to figure something out. Driving? I'm not a fan, plus it's expensive. A bike? Summers are hot in that city, and Canadian winters are not really forgiving to bicycles. And ... who says I'll be getting the hours I need from a job? Who says I'll ever get a job at all ... 

I'm sorry I'm rambling. I am just terrified of failing.  




 Same. I actually despise "good" weather. I remember one day going to Florida on my own to visit family for a month. I came back home, and for about a week, it rained non-stop. I told my mother about it (and how good it was) and she replied "Oh, you just missed an entire month of rain!" 

Rainy, gloomy, grey days are what I live for.  




 I always end up daydreaming about lives I could have, but I know for a fact I won't. Like being financially stable, good husband, good children, good location. Though lately, I have been daydreaming about a way more realistic life, though the circumstances that would lead to it are never going to happen to me. Ever. It's a tougher life, but the positive aspects of it are still pretty much out of reach for me.  




 Same. I can't seem to go to bed early, but I also have to wake up relatively early so I'm always tired anyway. Though Tuesday night, I only had about four hours of sleep. Fucked my entire sleep schedule and I've been napping during the afternoons. Always 2-3 hours, still pretty tired, and still unable to go to bed early at night.

I feel your pain!  




 Yeah I think the only really positive thing about Reddit gold is that it's helping the website. That, and the fact that whoever gives it to you is hella generous and deserve an honest thank you (since they just spent money on you, which is always something to be thankful for). Other than that, I still have yet to figure out what the craze is all about.  




 Man. Let me tell you about the sucky history education I got from Canada. Well, I'm from Quebec. I don't know how it is in other provinces. Basically, we would talk about the same things, every single year. "Once upon a time, First Nations. Then Europeans came, and we became Canada." I don't remember any teacher mentioning what happened to the First Nations once Europeans came. It's as if they magically disappeared, or accepted that Europeans were going to make their land ~~a capitalistic segregated hell for them~~ Canada. 

I think High School is when we started mentioning it. In a "Look at how rich their culture was! :( We ruined it!" way, but without following through with how problematic the situation really is for them. We'd close this chapter, and go on about how White Canada was made, and how good Canada has been during different conflicts, and how we're a pretty good country, etc. First Nations are just part of chapter 1.  




 I watched a documentary on that and there was a man who called the cops on himself, ran out of his house holding something, then when the cops caught up on him, he raised him arm and was shot immediately. He didn't even get to raise it completely, just moved it a couple of inches up. Turns out he was holding a remote control and his plan was to kill himself through the cops. Not a single one of them felt bad about it. 




 Lucky you! Going to Hamburg would be my dream, tbh. Is it as awesome as it looks though? It looks kinda like New York. Well, I mean the "cool" mentality. Ethnically diverse, booming culture ... paradise.  




 Hannover! I took a [picture](https://40.media.tumblr.com/d20fedd306ed61a86d4f20d9cfaea6e4/tumblr_np0vowMEbq1r7qdrvo1_540.jpg) of it when it happened. It was so weird. The entire street went quiet, and then "clop, clop, clop". 




 Hey I live in Germany and I saw two horses casually walking, too! Except, they were mounted by the police. I guess that's normal.  




 Thank you. Actually she tried giving me another date, and it includes the weekend, which the family (they work long hours) use to spend time with their families, to have people over, etc. I don't know their plans at all, and I don't want them to change theirs in order to accommodate me and that person. 

She said she would go to a hostel for the days that were not planned, then go couch surfing. I don't know where that kid will be couch surfing, but I know it's definitely not in this house.  




