 SWEET JESUS NO. 

WHY. WHY DID I CLICK? 




 Happy Birthday, Ascended One! 




 Any of the questions posed by the [Fermi Paradox](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fermi_paradox). 




 I know this pain.

God damn you, Italian genes! 




 Just use it whenever you have two full, related clauses; if you've got a verb and a subject noun, your sentence is a clause (generally). 









 That my hands are really just long-toed feet. 




 It's just a massive circlejerk of attractive people fishing for attention, of course they're all good looking. 




 Because his joke implies that these people are Russian.

They're not. 




 Oh, of course fucking centipedes are the undisputed champions. 

I hate centipedes. 




 Hey guys.

I just recently heard about the upcoming MMO The Repopulation and was quite excited to hear that it is following more of a sandbox-style  design.

Has anyone here played it, and if so, what are your thoughts about its current state/ future? 




 Spoken like someone who got sex at an early age. I'm racing against public perception that virgins are creeps. I don't wanna be a creep!   




 Ah, the prostitutes in my country are legal and (probably) STD-free. Progress! 









 As an unattractive dude: People who say shit like, " You just need confidence, bro." No, I need a better face. 




 Do tissues count as people?

What if I draw faces on them? 




 I don't want to be labelled as a creep/a potential Elliot-Rodgers-rapist-mass-murderer.

People don't like quiet, unsociable 20-something males. 




 I should have worked on my fear of women earlier in my teens because I'm terrified on them now ( well, when I'm not placated by my meds, haha).  




 The fucking jackal-man.

I had the same recurring dream in my childhood home: I'd be walking into the rumpus room out back and this jackal-headed thing would jump out from behind the couch. He'd move really quick, and kind of shimmered as if he was made of static as he advanced in quick spasmodic leaps towards me. I'd run, but I could never get away because time would slow, and no matter how many times I screamed for my mum, she wouldn't come.

Fun fact: Years later the jackal returned in my bouts of sleep paralysis. One time I felt him grab my shirt, and as I grabbed his arm, I could feel my hand going numb. Fuck sleep paralysis. 




 That'd be a strawman argument if I was attacking you on the basis of you being a shill, which I'm not seeing as I honestly couldn't really give a shit if you are or not. I was wrong in thinking you were a shill, but that doesn't mean there aren't people working for whatever government to influence online discussion.

A conspiracy theorist believes something that has no to very little concrete proof backing it up. My comment isn't [baseless](http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/jul/14/gchq-tools-manipulate-online-information-leak), mate.

Hell, I'll even link you the document leaked by Ol' Mate Snowden himself:[here](https://firstlook.org/theintercept/document/2014/02/24/art-deception-training-new-generation-online-covert-operations/)

If you read my post history, you'll see that I don't go around denouncing others as shills. I just thought it was kind of humorous that the exact same comment had been posted by two different accounts, one of them being only a few hours old.

Trim that inferiority complex of yours a bit, mate, I mistakenly thought you were some guy in a naval base or whatever, it's no big deal.  




 Jesus Christ, you're angry.

Over what? A fuckwit comment that you made to try and justify some kind of contrarian, holier-than-thou bullshit. Am I assaulting your integrity or something? 

It's not a conspiracy that governments employ people to sway discussion on particular topics here; I mean, one look at a thread on Russia/Ukraine should give you an insight into how common these kinds of commentators are. I just saw two of the same comments and though, "Weird. Probably some shills or something."

And for the record, and against the titanic strawman argument you've made, I'm not a conspiracy theorist, I'm not a 9/11 "truther", nor do I believe in the Illuminati, lizard-people, etc. 

Also, why the fuck are you defending so vehemently such a useless comment? What does your self-righteous wankjob of a comment even bring to the discussion other than 'hurr durr... dat other subreddit is silly'?  




 /u/weightform writes: 
Shouldn't this have been posted to /r/conspiracy[1] , where the crack team of resident investigators will spend an inordinate amount of time never getting to the bottom of this particular story.

The exact same comment as you, word for word. Did your superiors forget to tell you guys to differentiate your comments, Mr ENRICOs? 




 And Space Engineers! 




 Muh jimmies, dey be rustling in the cool, autumn breeze. 




  If you truly believe "I know that if I dated an equally ugly girl, I'd be just as miserable as if I stayed alone..." then you are both and obviously have no interest in a relationship that contains more than sex 

See, I always see this shit. People go on and on about how terrible it is that I'm not attracted to an ugly girl, but they never date them themselves. It's not like I think I deserve some supermodel; I just know that anyone that I could potentially date would not be attracted to me and vice-versa. 

Why do you insist on patronising people like me by holding them to different standards to your own? I bet you don't  go around dating physically unattractive people, do you? When was the last time you dated a friend who was ugly? Or just some random ugly person. 




 




 A nice, happy life that you were born into? So am I supposed to be happy that I'm ugly? Are you ugly and happy? Probably not, eh? But that doesn't stop you from patronizing me. 




 But you haven't gotten anywhere? Shit, just a cursory glance at your post history shows that you're pretty much in the same boat as me ( despite myself never having even held a girl's hand). 

So, what are you going to do? Continue on blindly in the hopes that a girl may pity you enough? You going to continue with such uncertainty until you're thirty? Forty? What if you never achieve any relationship? It's common for people such as us to end up that way, at the tail end of thirty wondering when we'll ever get our chance.

Believe me, mate, if they'd have wanted people like us, then we wouldn't be in this situation. I choose not to believe their bullshit about personality mattering. They pick the cream of the crop and then convince the rest that it's our 'personality' that is fucked up, not the fact that we were fucked from the beginning.

But go ahead, continue on looking in the off chance you get a relationship. Hell, I'll even congratulate you if you do get one. But there's no way in hell I'm living to thirty on the slim chance that I might find someone. 




 No, you're trying to show me *your* way of thinking.

I haven't asked you yet, but I'm willing to be you've been in relationships before? Had sex probably when you were a teen, like most average people and received a bunch of validation early on, yeah?

Me following your advice is like someone with no legs following the advice of someone with legs on how to play footsies.  




 Oh, fuck off.

Look at the sub linked in this thread, look at all the posts of men/women who have done just that, stuck by people in friendships and then when they've wanted to become intimate, have been kept on the friend path.

I mean,for fuck's sake, the very reason your sub exists is to make fun of those men who lament over the fact that they have taken this exact path of friendship and failed. Attraction for intimacy has to be formed straight away initially, not manifested through a platonic friendship. r/foreveralone and r/niceguys should be proof enough of that. 




 I believe for all that good stuff to happen in the first place, someone has to respond positively to your physical appearance. 

And hell, maybe I don't deserve anybody to love because I see past this ridiculous Disney-esque façade of people accepting you past your physicality, and that makes people uncomfortable. 

Contrary to popular belief, there isn't someone for everyone. 




 So, what? I can't attract them so I become friends with them? You realise what you're saying? "Oh, you can't become intimate with women, so just make friends with them. I mean, you'll constantly live in a weird sort of limbo where you'll want intimacy but never receive it, but you should be happy with that because women don't owe you intimacy but they sure owe intimacy to these other physically attractive guys they just met." 

That's what all those sexually successful guys do, yeah? Makes friends with women first? 

In 30 years, everyone is going to be much less attractive. What do you do then? 

So I wait until someone has had their fill of mutual attraction in their early days and let them settle with me because I'm as ugly as them now? Hot, damn! What an epiphany! Who needs to be desired when you can have someone settle for you later when they're done with their fun? I mean, the general consensus at 30 is that you better not be a virgin or else risk being labelled a creep, but surely some woman can pity me enough to give me her vagina and maybe some half-arsed attempt at intimacy.  




 You wanna help me, mate?

Then don't condescend me with bullshit that I have heard so many countless times before. 

"Oh, what's that? People that I've never talked to are making fun of me on the train because of my personality? Damn, I never knew how easy it was for people to pick out self-loathing from a momentary glance, I guess it's nothing to do with the fact that I'm a weird-looking dude."

Face it,man. People put value on physical appearance, so much value as to dictate the path of an initial social interaction. Sure, maybe if I had a 'good personality' girls would see past my physical flaws or whatever bullshit, but the fact that I get rejected from the first second they see me crushes any hope I might have that 'personality trumps appearance'.

So, what should I do? Fix my 'defeatist attitude' and walk blindly through life in the hope that if maybe I had a good personality, then people would like me, despite facing constant rejection no matter how hard I try?

I don't want a date with a great-looking girl. I don't want to be a fucking novelty, some guy 'punching above his weight'; I want to be treated like a person. I want to date people based on personality, but in my experience, people couldn't give two shits about your personality if you don't appeal to them on a physical level.

Sure, you may have an attractive personality but your physical attractiveness determined whether someone was going to interact with you on a deep enough level to get a fuller picture of your personality in the first place. 




 only dated guys who were below average in the looks department. I only dated one super hot, fit dude and guess what? His personality sucked ass.

Yeah, ok. I'm calling bullshit, but whatever floats ya boat. 




 Because just because someone is ugly doesn't make them automatically attracted to ugly people? Is that difficult to understand? 




 Well, of course "everything is look" for me. That's all I've ever been judged on: my looks. 

Do you live in some fantasy world where no one is judged on their appearance, and everyone lives a nice, happy life without preconceptions about appearance colouring their interactions? 




 Naw, man, [not entirely](http://faceresearch.org/students/notes/symmetry.pdf) 




 Never said I couldn't find good qualities, only that I wouldn't date them because I wouldn't find them physically attractive. Is that so unreasonable?

there is no hope for you 

My thoughts exactly.   




 Certain smaller things are subjective, sure. Like whether one person prefers this weight or that skin colour, etc. But things such as facial symmetry are universal. My face ain't symmetrical. 




 You don't think what I'm saying is realistic? You don't judge people on their looks? If you truly don't , then you are a far better person than I or anyone I know.

The likelihood however is that you, like the rest of us, are subject to the effects of physical attractiveness.  




 I guess some guys don't deal very well with the fact that they won't be able to live the same lives as their attractive kin , and I'd imagine that's where this NiceGuy mentality comes from. 

Makes me sad,though. They're bitter for something that's out of their control. 




 But you married someone you found attractive, yeah?

What I've been saying is that, due to the way I look, I will not be able to find someone who is attracted to me who I also find attractive, hell I probably won't find anyone attracted to myself, regardless of whether they're ugly or not.

And no, I can guarantee you that sex with that girl would be terrible because, for the life of me, I could not get it up, no matter how much I may have in common with her.

Btw, I'm have decent skin and am not chubby (both of which are fixable things). 




 Ok, I can agree that that is damnable behaviour. Where were all the people in this thread,though, when people from this subreddit were coming over to foreveralone and berating physically unattractive for not wanting to date other physically unattractive people? I saw no one in the original FA thread linked on here displaying any of these NiceGuy beliefs. 




 NiceGuys get criticized for only wanting an attractive women (dismissing unattractive women), while simultaneously acting upset when attractive women aren't interested in the (unattractive) NiceGuy. Their blatant double standard, which they are completely blind to, is the reason they get mocked.

But doesn't everyone do this? People are always responding favourably to attractive people and in turn treating unattractive people negatively. I don't think NiceGuys are the only ones guilty of it; we all are. I feel the same--I'm pretty ugly, but I know that if I dated an equally ugly girl, I'd be just as miserable as if I stayed alone, and I'd expect no less from them.  




 Ok, I get that. But is it really misogynistic to say that men aren't attracted to unattractive women and vice-versa? Don't you find that it a little hypocritical to damn men for wanting attractive women yet at the same time defend women for wanting attractive men? 




 I can see where you're coming from, thanks for the thoughtful response. I find myself doing the same sometimes when browsing places like creepypms. 

I just don't understand why the entirety of /r/foreveralone was painted with this 'nice guy' brush as if we're all rabid misogynistic redpillers. Sure, there's some guys with anger towards women, but the vast majority of us aren't angry with women, we're just angry that we're alive. 




 I reckon.

And then they get angry and accuse us of 'demanding a supermodel' or some ridiculous bullshit. If I could turn off my sexual desire, I would. 




 Just discovered this sub from your brigading efforts over in /r/ForeverAlone, and was wondering why you're all so angry at Nice Guys.

Maybe I should preface this with the fact that, no, I'm not one of your "Nice Guys". I don't interact with women because I know they don't want to interact with me. I know that I don't 'deserve sex', don't blame women for my problems, yadda yadda.

So why so much hate for the socially inept? Most of these Nice Guys are people who didn't receive the social gratification many of you take for granted,but you earned that on your own, right? ;).

 Does it make a lot of you angry that these men are failing in their intimate relationships because it was so easy for you?

 I mean, I can understand calling out guys for being dicks to people, but what I don't understand is the hypocrisy in this sub. 

I'd imagine the only difference between a "Nice Guy" and a "Normal Functioning Person as Dictated by this Sub" is that one is successful while the other is not? Or am I wrong? Are your efforts to find an intimate partner different because you 'worked hard' for them whilst these damned Nice Guys just expect everything to fall into their lap?

Now, don't misconstrue my words. I despise people demanding sex, but from what I've seen of this sub, a lot of the guys you mock are legitimately lamenting a lack of success in forming partnerships. Is that such a bad thing? Is that not what people do when faced with rejection? Lament, get angry, all those natural human responses?

I mean, many of you guys were coming into a sub full of people who have faced constant rejection ( and many of whom have also lost all hope) to condescend or mock them. I mean, do you actually think that "no one is ugly, just make yourself not ugly"? 

Do you also tell homeless people to just make themselves not homeless? Or people in wheelchairs to just walk?

 




 But she has a pretty face, no? All these things you have mentioned boil down to personal preference in regards to small things, but I bet if your wife looked like [this](http://1000funnypictures.com/wp-content/uploads/Ugly-Women-6.jpg) you would change your tune. 

Look at her, mate, and tell me you'd love her for her personality. 




 Ah, figured out where the brigadiers were coming from. Allow me to retort, m'strawman.

I fully expect women of my attractiveness to reject me based off appearance as well. It's only natural. Why are you allowed to do it but not me? Because I was born ugly? Because I don't deserve someone I find attractive but you do? I'd imagine anyone, regardless of their genitalia, would react the same when faced with this dilemma, no?

My loneliness stems from this problem. 




 You're making suuuuuuuch a big deal, maaaan. Sex is so easy to get, why don't you see that? I just click me fingers and a chick opens her legs. Get rid of that fedora, breh.

/s, btw. 




