 I've been touched inappropriately by a girl at a party once. She slid her hand down my boxers. I had a girlfriend at the time and it was definitely unwanted. Sadly, I just left the party. No one should have to deal with that.  




 I mainly try to keep my family out of my business. I don't have a good relationship with my parents and my family just seems to find out things about my life and give their unsolicited opinions.  




 Coldplay: one thing I love about them is that each album of music represents a different era in their career. 

My favorite era is their "A Rush of Blood to the Head" days 




 I'm new here so I didn't know that was a thing 




 I had no idea people could be so pretentious in an online forum 




 I've only seen a few episodes of Freak Show but I really want to watch the rest of it. I have Netflix but it's currently not available on Netflix.  




 I just hated all of the bandwagon fans 




 I could not stand Miami Heat fans when Lebron, DWade, and Chris Bosh were playing together  




 I think the bigger issue here is the idea that men are supposed to act a certain way; when OP differed from this ideal, he was seen as effeminate. 

And that's bullshit 




 This is probably too late but

Meek Mill - Dreams Worth More Than Money /
Death Cab for Cutie - Kintsugi

 




 Panic attacks are usually indicative of some sort of anxiety disorder. Please go talk to a doctor or therapist, if possible. 

*Edit: I forgot to mention I have OCD so I can definitely relate. You are not the only guy, trust me.  




 This still doesn't answer the question about his dad's .... 




 If you are renting an apartment, make sure you give your landlord a 60 day notice if you plan on ending your lease 




 Look for women who are the antithesis of your mother 




 I'm always late to the party :( 




 Seriously though, now people view me as unstable 




 I have OCD and clinical depression. I do not feel as if I can talk to anyone about it. I only mention it to people who also suffer from mental health issues because I feel as if they understand best. 

Some of the main reasons that I do not talk about my depression are the following: 

*I don't want to be told to simply stop being so sad
*I don't want to be viewed as the crazy, unstable guy
*I also don't want to be pitied
*People think that those who are depressed can be too much to handle 









 I definitely can see similarities in myself. Thank you for answering 




 I don't think I could  




 You and me both 




 I like to talk to it about my day 




 That's the toughest part. You know the sweet side of her and you try to convince yourself that part of her still exists somewhere deep down. However, you realize how unhealthy it is to be with her.  




 I am actually in this same struggle with your right now and it's been really difficult to deal with. Also, I've dealt with religious obsessions in the past. People really underestimate how much of a toll this can have on your life.  




 For me, the biggest realization was when I stopped making excuses for her emotionally abusive behavior. I started listening to advice from my friends and family. I actually acknowledged the pain she was causing instead of denying it.  




 I'm scared I'm going to date someone who is just like my mother 




 You are dating his daughter, which is most likely one of the things that he values most in life. He is probably going to try to intimidate you, but more importantly he is mainly just concerned. Stand your ground and show him that you are a young man who is confident in your ability to care for his daughter.  




 Normally, it's every two or three days. However, lately it's been once a day.  




 Finally, people who understand me. 

I have mommy and daddy issues. I believe parents have three main responsibilities to their children: physical nourishment, financial security, and emotional support. My parents both emotionally abandoned me as a child. They clearly stated that they wanted nothing to do with me in an emotional sense. My parents also gaslight me among other things. 

My mommy issues cause me to subconsciously choose girls that are like my mother. I often choose girls who are too controlling or who do not reciprocate my love and affection.  




 I would like to PM you if you are okay with helping me.  




 I don't think anyone has mentioned this yet, but Good Will Hunting has some pretty sad parts.  




 I have experienced these obsessions and I think this is definitely a form of magic thinking. I try to remind myself that just because I do or do not do something, my actions do not constitute harm.  




 I will agree with you. Although I have not worn a jock strap in years, I used to wear them when I played baseball. Compression shorts bundle up your jewels too much. I don't understand the fear of jock straps.  




 One thing about OCD is that in may start in one form of obsessions but move to another. 

Recently, I have experienced homosexual obsessions and have this deep rooted fear that I might be gay because I have never tried being gay. I've been heterosexual my whole life. 

I know how it feels and I can truly say that it is awful. You begin to question your reality and wonder if what you know about yourself is true.  




 Depends on how much the tickets are 




 Definitely music, of any genre 




 I'm paranoid that if I open up and show the more emotional sides of me, people will run away  




 Love and Other Drugs 




 To be held 




 "But he gotta get rid of these hoes for me"  




 I don't even cry when I chop onions. I think my tear ducts are broken 




 I was taking it around bed time. I couldn't take it in the morning or that would really knock me out 




 Medication has different effects for everyone. Luvox probably helped me the most but it made me exhausted to the point where I was falling asleep in class.  




 I do not think emotional ranges directly coordinate to femininity. That being said, you can have an extremely emotional movement and still maintain masculinity; contrary to popular belief.  




 Just curious, which mental health problems do you have? I have depression but I also have a bad relationship with both parents therefore I was wondering if it was a connecting factor 




 I hope you get out soon sir 




 This will probably result in a physical altercation lolol 




 I have been in a similar situation before. A person can only take so much; there will come a day when you will have reached your limit. She also probably isn't going to change  




 I have a general numb feeling in life. I can't really feel much of anything anymore except pain  




 I have three tattoos and my parents would probably hit me too. It's been almost a year since I left and they haven't found out yet. I'm in the same boat as you are but I wasn't going to allow them to stop me from living my life.  




 A few times a year 




 I do and I wrote [a story](http://www.reddit.com/r/OCD/comments/2leh5b/my_ocd_story_a_journey_into_scrupulosity/) about this. You can check it out and PM me if you want to talk  




 This is an interesting response but I would have to say that I believe people are more naturally inclined to offer support to a woman who has been crying. I do not believe that this same support is easily offered to men.  




 Earlier this week, there was a [thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/3aij3n/what_do_you_think_women_should_try_so_that_they/csd3zki) about what women should try in order to understand men better. I responded to this thread by stating that women should try being judged for crying in public. An interesting response lead me to ask this question. 

When was the last time you found yourself to the point of tears in a public place? Also, do you feel that you face more judgment as a man for crying? Or do you feel as if the judgment would be equal if you were a woman crying in public?  




