 Might I suggest expanding upon this? Tell us what you're going through, right here. If you're comfortable, that is. But you're protected by anonymity here, and I know that may seem terrifying, but it can be rather liberating. What I'm driving at with this is - post everything you're feeling right now. Post what you're going through. Get it all out there, and when people see it all, if they can relate or feel they can help, a good bunch of them will. But if you still feel you want to speak one-on-one, I can't guarantee I'll be the best of help, but I can at least guarantee that I will a) listen, and b) tell you whatever I feel comfortable telling you. But from experience, I know it's good to just get it off your chest. So I'm here if you need me. 




 Trust your gut. Tell him how you feel about him, and see how he responds to it - something tells me he just may reveal that true nature you suspect is under the surface. And the fact that he back-tracked to YOU, says that he may almost need you more than you need him. But if he's treating you like he is, than he's a toxic element to your life, and that is not something you need. And if he proves to be just that toxic - kick his ass to the curb. You deserve better than what he has to offer. 




 For some people dealing with depression, it can be hard being around people who also suffer depression. It can be for a variety of reasons - but sometimes, it can cause even a decent person to become insensitive, as you've noticed. One reason I have trouble opening up to people about my own depression offline is because, what happens to me most of the time, is they turn it into a competition. "You don't understand depression. Let me tell you about it." And you're right, it not only rips a tiny piece of you away, but it feels like they're also just ripping it up into tinier pieces, and then pissing on them. That's how it makes me feel - pissed on.

Reconsider who you talk to about your depression. Talk to your SO when you can. When you can't, consider this; you made a good choice coming here, because in all honesty, the anonymity that this website provides can be a boon - you can get it all out, without fear of judgement. And on top of that, you'll find people who can relate. When you find them, talk to them. Ask if they're willing to listen, and if they are - talk your heart it. Because there's nothing more frustrating than talking to a brick wall, and when someone doesn't want to hear you out, that's all they are.

And I'm sorry about the loss of your mother. That's a hard pill to swallow. Keep her in your memory, and mourn her whenever you need to - because that's a beautiful thing. You love her, and the fact that you get sad when you think of her proves that. They're never gone as long as we keep them in our hearts and memories. Take care of yourself, because you're worth it. 




 I'm so sorry to hear that. The loss of a family member is traumatic. Throughout my life, I've lost my grandfather, my uncle, and most recently my aunt. I didn't really know my grandfather (I was young), but my uncle and my aunt, I was pretty close to at points in my life. Losing them was hard.

As for your relationship - you are -not- ruining your relationship because you're mourning for your mother. Maybe he should take a step back and think - maybe he's ruining it. I'm sorry, but it doesn't really sound like -he's- invested in it, especially if he's cheated on you. And telling you to 'get over it'? That's ruthless. You just lost your mother, there's no way you can just 'get over it', and if he were more compassionate, he'd understand. He'd be there for you. I'm sorry, but he sounds toxic, and he just may not be the one for you, because if he truly loved you, he'd be supporting you through this. You're going through a very dark time, and what you need is a light to help guide you when you lose the path, and keep you warm while you rest. They should be a shelter to the storm, not the storm itself. I'm sorry, I don't mean to sound judgmental, but you may need to reconsider your current situation with him, weigh the pro's and con's of staying with him, and if the con's outweigh the pro's.... go from there. Do what you have to do to keep yourself going. And if you find yourself in a dark place again, and he's not giving you the emotional support you need, come back here. Lurk other posts, read the comments - you might find someone in a similar position, or with similar experiences. I hope this helps, even if a little. Take care of yourself. You're worth it. 




 Anger is natural in some forms of depression, unfortunately. I call them 'rage-flashes' when they happen to me. Something sets me off, sometimes something as simple as an imagined sleight in my mind, and I just want to lash out. It's unfortunate when we do lash out, because then we end up hurting ourselves, or worse, the people who care about us.

Sounds to me like you and your grandfather were close? Because it sounds to me like his passing had a dramatic effect on you - which death, especially the death of a family member, can and will effect you. Especially if that person is close. I recently lost my aunt to pancreatic cancer - about 3 months passed between her diagnosis and her death. It was quick, it was vicious - and it was painful. When I found out she passed, I cried. I cried hard. Her and I hadn't been that close in the past few years (mainly because of distance, living in a different state), but I remember going to her place a few times every summer when I was little. So, when she passed, all those good memories flooded my mind, and I fell apart. I got depressed. I spiraled out, and just got angry for a short time at the universe - because how could it be so cruel as to take her from my family so quickly, and with such little warning.

It's painful, there's nothing you can do about it. But that pain reminds us that we're human. Being human makes us special - regardless of whatever you may think or hear - being human does make you special. And being special makes you worth it. You are. As for you happiness, when you're dealing with so much, it can be hard to find. But it can be found. Start taking steps to get help with your depression. See a doctor, talk to friends who you can trust to seriously listen, and if none of those really appeal, come back to /r/depression, and voice your thoughts and feelings. Because, again - you're worth it. You really, really, really are. 




 I was 21 when my wife took mine from me. And I have a bit of understanding what you're going through. Kids in high school who knew I was a virgin hassled me about it relentlessly. Even some of my friends took shots at me. But that's because a lot of them are assholes, and don't know any other way. They're stuck in their own little bubble, and they think they have it figured out, meaning they think they know how things should be - so if you haven't lived a life that parallels theirs, you're somehow in the wrong.

You're not. You live your life the way -you- want to. It's your life. And women can be fickle creatures sometimes - sometimes they can be interested in someone without ever giving a sign they are. The woman who would become my wife was interested in me all through HS, but I never knew. She never gave one sign. It wasn't until after high school that we began to date, that she told me she had this 'secret little crush' on me all those years.

There's hope. There always is, you just need to look. It may be a longer search than you'd like, but don't give up. You're worth it, and eventually you'll find someone who can see that - and that person has the potential to be your 'one'.

And I agree with MoonBathing - if peoples reactions to learning this about you does so much damage to you, stop telling people. You'll only be helping yourself. The DJ's comments weren't geared towards you specifically (at least, I sincerely hope not, because then that makes him a bigger douche-waffle than I thought), but was making a generalization. But still, forget that guy. He was in your life for a split second. I know that some people can inflict a lot of pain within that second, but it's only a second in the timeline of your life. There's more to be told in your story, all you have to do is keep going, one page at a time. Hope this helps, and take care. 




 Well, if you really do feel like this is your last option, I'm glad you chose to go through with it. It's a step in the right direction. First off, I want to say that, if you haven't seen a doctor, see one. Figure out what type of depression you may be experiencing, and ask the doctor what options are available. Go from there. As for the exercise regime - if that doesn't hold your interest, try something else. Or, give the exercise another chance. Maybe something will take this time. If not immediately, maybe with some time. But, again, if that doesn't work, explore other options. There's so many! And when you're feeling down, remember what your last option was today - and repeat. Come here, talk to us, lurk in other peoples posts and see what other people have to say - you might find situations you can relate to, and from there, people you might relate to. Give it a shot - it's always worth it. You're worth it - even if you don't feel it right now, you are. 




 So glad to hear you found something that helps! Keep up with it, especially since you sound so passionate about!  




 I'm sorry, but ditch the guy. He's toxic, and that's the last thing you need considering what you go through. He's an anchor that will always drag you down, instead of the life raft you need. Love, when confronted with circumstances that could end it, should rise to the occasion and overcome - not buckle under the pressure. And that's what he's doing - whether he can 'handle' it or not, he's still letting you down. He's still failing you. The first time I admitted to my wife that I was suffering from depression, she straight up told me that she didn't suffer from depression, so she didn't completely understand it - but that she was willing to learn. The first time I had a complete meltdown and told her I was thinking of 'downing 12 energy drinks and a bottle of sleeping pills to see which wins out first', she pulled me into her arms and gave me the support I needed to find my way out of the darkness. She became my light.

That's what you need - someone who can provide a light to help guide you out of the darkness when you find yourself spiraling further into the darkness. 




