 It's what every home needs! 




 I used an old makeup brush and dabbed it on :) shaker is an excellent idea thank you  




 Yours look awesome! i think they are slightly differently shaped to my UK ones? i like yours SO much :) 




 Yeah it says on the front it can be lethal! My friend thought it was toothpaste and said she would have tried to touch it if I hadn't told her  




 I asked everyone to save theirs too :) 




 Thank you so much _ 




 I ordered vinyl stencils from a seller on eBay, he let me choose the font and size and them made them. It was a lot cheaper and safer than attempting to make them myself. _ 









 I'm the same but I carry about five on me at all times and search for ones all over the world... 




 This is me, fantastic boyfriend, new amazing job, great, caring friends and I'm just 'meh' about it all. I'd rather go to sleep and never wake up sometimes.  




 Where are you from? Please call someone who can help. Please PM me if you need to talk. We are here. X 




 Haha! I'm fairly new and do that a lot too! I'm exactly like you, a place for everything and everything in it's place, definitely when it comes to makes. I'm horrified when people hVe insane makeup storage HOW DO THEY FIND ANYTHING!! 




 Hello :) thank you so much! 

I actually studied psychology in uni :) but nothing you learn, nothing can prepare you for depression until you have it. 

I think in 'on the road to recovery' but I have huge dips in out and out of it I think. 

I also like to help people, I have a 'smile a day' Motto I'm trying to keep up everyday and it's to help of make someone help every day. Helping other people makes me feel like a better person, better person means a happier me. Because depression makes me feel worthless. 

I usually just tell people I suffer with bad anxiety they say something and I say 'yeah it's odd isn't it, I don't know what causes it I just feel anxious now and then' people seem to give me a break more. Like people can understand feeling anxious and scared but they can't understand depression 




 Is depressed people tend to go over and over things a lot in our heads, repeating things that have already been resolved. I feel like I'm not listened to by the two people I love most in the world. So when I feel like I'm not listened to or they know what's best, I just think I'm a burden. Maybe they act differently because they are fed up of me and just going through the motions. 

That's why I write everything down, because different days I feel differently, or I see things differently. Sometimes worse, sometimes better. At least with writing everything down you can get everything out and you can go back and read it and try and figure out what happened at that time that made you feel that way. Could it have been avoided or do you need to talk to that person. 

Maybe you could try that? Depressed people are very paranoid :( we push away the people who are trying to help. 
 




