 That is not over reacting, that's being possessive. 




 Is has to be 3. Knowledge is power.  




 The problem is, there are too many variables with the OP's problem. You{correct me if I'm wrong} have never met his wife or him. None of us know what's going through her mind, i.e whether she is suffering with post natal depression, what their sex life was like before, how he tries to discuss it with her, if there were complications during labour, her level of self esteem, whether she has returned to work already and really is just too tired etc etc. I could go on. 

It's easy for you guys to say, well she could at least give oral. But hang on, if she's not feeling sexual then why the hell should she? No one would ever pressure their partner in this way and they wouldn't even think about it, if they loved him/her. 

My partner works bloody long hours, we're in the middle of a custody battle and due to stupidly high solicitor fees causing us financial strain we're both a little stressed. Even so, my sex drive has always been higher than his. I often find that I want it when he isn't in the mood. Should I demand that he gives me oral or more when he really isn't in the mood? No! I just watch some porn instead. Masturbating is never as good as the real thing, but it's better than nothing. 

Obviously males cannot carry and give birth to babies, you lot have no real understanding of the toll it takes on the body and on the mind. Among other things, she needs time and understanding, not be labelled as a selfish 'asshole'.   




 Agreed!
 




 How do you feel about cloning? Aka dolly the sheep? {curiosity question} 




 I disagree, my views haven't changed before or after I had my daughter. Instinct does play a big part in it, but so do moral values.  




 My personal view is that once the life form can feel physical pain, then abortion should be seen very in a negative light. There are of course certain circumstances where that rule does not apply. Such as rape or irregularities, i.e severe downs etc then the decision should be made by both the Mother and if he's around, the Father. 

So many women use abortion as birth control and it sickens me. Women going for a third abortion due to 'accidental' pregnancy should be sterilised as they obviously don't have enough common sense to use contraception. 

I don't think they are saying that newborns should be killed. They are purely trying to make a point regarding their views on abortion. Everyone has their own views on the subject, it all depends on your personal view of at which point during pregnancy is it a baby.  I know a lot Mums consider 6 weeks, as that is when the heart beat can be detected.  









 Your wife is a very lucky woman to find such an understanding guy. Good luck and thank you for restoring a little more of my faith in men.  




 Going on and on at her won't help. Be gentle and understanding. She needs your support right now, not pressure. 




 According to the experts' it takes approximately a year for the human body to fully heal itself after giving birth. The first 6 weeks after giving birth is when the body is most fertile. Having no sex for those first 6 weeks is actually recommended. 

Breast feeding probably isn't helping your sex life, although it is of course helping your child. 

To your wife, her breasts are there to feed baby. Obviously this is going to make her feel less sexy and more maternal. Maybe see how she feels about slowly stopping breast feeds. Be gentle though and remember that her body has been through the most naturally traumatic thing it will ever go through. 

Giving birth really is a whole lot worse than than a punch to the gonads. Remember that her hormones are telling her to focus on baby not on more reproduction-which is of course, nature's reason for sex. 

Try getting a baby sitter for the night. Take her to a hotel or let the grandparents do their bit and have baby for the night. Keep up the good work too-i.e the flirting and helping out at home. Trust me, she may not show it but she'll damn appreciate it.

Eventually you'll get your sex life back on track, just enjoy some fun with your right hand and it's twin for the time being. As hard as it is, be patient. Don't ever have a go at her for it as this only makes things ten times worse.

Oh and when you do have sexy time, remember to tend to her needs too. She's more likely to come back for seconds if you do ;) Remember her favourite position and foreplay moves. Give her a full body massage to get her in the mood and relax her. But be gentle with the boobies. They will be very sensitive at the moment. 

Good luck. One last thing, don't be a douche and cheat on her. She's just had your kid! Show some love for the women helping you to carry on your genes!  




 Exactly!  




 Whilst smoking. "Nicotine is actually good for you. It helps lower chances of dementia."  Also "Only tailor made fags will give you cancer"  Ummmm. I don't want to live in this world any more!!!!   




 Exactly! Cancer sticks aren't cheap!!!  




 Anal?
 




 I have a friend like that. She soon shut up when I started asking who her favourite band member is and her favourite song. Had to do this a few times before she finally admitted to loving Brittany Spears and Bieber.  




 Forever alone . . 

 




 an headache? 
 




 Bleugh fishy tea really doesn't sound very appetising!  




 Did the fish enjoy their milk? 




 I've never thought of using soup to wash my arm pits before. Might try that sometime. . . 




 Do you not have a kettle? 




 May be you could try taking it up a level . . .
 









 "This is nature's way of saying fuck you Darwin" 

 




 I have seen some awesome comments on reddit and I have seen some lame ones. This comment gets the award for lamest so far.  




 I often reply with: "the time is the time my friend"
 




 Any time my boyfriend pays for something he says; 'here's __ of your Earth pounds"   We've been together 3 years now and it still makes me laugh when the cashier looks at him absolutely baffled. The joys of dating a geek redditor. . . 




 Congrats on successfully helping your girlfriend. She's a lucky girl to have a guy stick by her through it. Most guys will freak out at any girl that may have even the slightest bit of 'baggage'.   




 How can someone that is nothing but skin and bones be 'hot'? The girl is probably ill. My best friend is male. He's a few inches taller than I but weighs 3 stone less than I and I'm a size 8-10. He currently is very unattractive because of it. If he put on a bit of weight though, he would have a much better chance of getting laid. He doesn't have an eating disorder though, unless you call being a chef and not being arsed to cook at home a disorder.  




 Up voted for red October, made me chuckle! 

 




 Why for bedding in particular? 




 A Restore Magicka potion is much better.  




 Ever been licked by a cat? Think sand paper, then imagine it being used to grope your balls. . . 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_penis_size 




 Your wife sounds awesome.  




 My boyfriend does that a lot. I often wake him up with a blow job too. He does moan if he has work though :/  




 He carried on whilst bleeding in your mouth?? Get your own back next time you're on.  




  water sports dreams . . . 




 That's why having the biggest dick in town, isn't really a good thing. It also means you can get more of your cock down her throat, because there's less of it.   




 Not so much awkward, but definitely funny.
So I'm laying down whilst giving my man a blow job with my eyes closed{I was a little tired}. Suddenly he starts squealing at me to get off! I open my eyes mid suck to see our kitten Meson; licking his balls.  




 Dance as if nobody is watching 




 Never work in a nursery/crèche. 
 




 I have the same problem. He's a dobermann for goodness sake! I'm sure he can look after himself for a couple of hours, but I worry about there being a fire etc and I'm not there to get him out.  




 If you've had traumatic experience, then you should seek counselling or at least talk to a trustful friend about it. Also sometimes, experiences had as a child can effect us much more than we realise. You definitely need to talk to someone.  




 What's the paranoia over?
 




 Small step ladders and going to the top step. I can go up maybe 4 steps on a taller ladder, but as soon as I get near the top I panic. It's weird because I'm fine in planes etc. I hate standing on chairs or stools too. I'm a freak . .  




 I do wear bikinis but I lack the balls literally speaking.  




 Wow! loving that hair!  




 Showering every day and wearing cleaning pants should stop the sweaty arse issue. There's also talc. . . 
 




 Giving is just as fun{as long hygiene rules are followed of course!}  




 You have a bikini area? You wear bikinis???  




 A used one? 




 Yeah but most of us put them away after use!  




 I recently found that photos from my Facebook and also some of my information has been used to make a fake profile on this site. This site is for people looking for sex, to meet online

I am also currently in the middle of a custody battle over my little girl. My ex found the profile on wicked wives and is using it against me in court. I obviously need to sort this out quickly. 

He has contacted social services and is accusing me of accessing this site whilst my daughter is there and also of having sex with strangers whilst she's in my care. Both accusations are completely false. Unfortunately though, social services has told him to deny me access to my daughter until they have investigated it. 

I've spoken to the police tonight and they are looking it to it. They say   however, that they don't think they can do much about it. 

I can't even get rid of it because there seems to be nowhere on the site, to recover forgotten passwords and no one has replied to my emails either. 

My friend set up a fake profile so he could send a message on the site to who ever is pretending to be me. He got a robot message back asking for an introduction and basically trying to get him to reply.  

When you sign up you get to send 1 free message to another member. If you want to send more, you have to pay for them.

Does anyone have any idea what I can do about this or has anyone experienced a similar situation?  
 




 I've tried that :/  




 I've tried to use the forward option on Facebook but it doesn't seem to work. Also there is no 'select all' which is a little frustrating. 

 




 I've tried to use the forward option on Facebook but it doesn't seem to work. Also there is no 'select all' which is a little frustrating. 

 




 covered? It really should only be a little bit blood.  




