 "actively sabotage" lol. He offered her food. That's about it. He didn't fill her food with hidden chocolate and neither did he shove down pizza down her throat when she was asleep. There's NO point of his behavior that would have done anything if she just said "no thanks."

Also, would be interesting to know how exactly you know that this exact couple needs expert help on this exact topic. How do you draw the line between "couple can solve this themselves" and "therapist necessary"? 




 Honestly, /r/relationships is going full rant mode on that one again. I don't think that red flag - therapy - divorce - no contact is a good and healthy solution for everything, but that is what this sub votes for at even the slightest sign of a disagreement in a relationship.

Of course it was not the best way to sabotage your diet - but I guess he knew that you would be shocked if he would have talked honestly to you. Maybe he also hoped that you are not that serious about dieting and you would quit it sooner or later if he would not involve. Again, of course not right, but for me, understandable. 

After all, it is your body and it is important that you feel comfortable with it - so if you wanna go through with it, you should. But I don't really think his behaviour is THAT worrying. As you mentioned in other comments, it does not appear to be a dealbreaker to him - so I don't really see why he would continue this stuff after you have called him out and asked him to stop. If he continues to ignore your wishes, you should start worrying, but currently, it seems just like a "He didnt know how to say it" issue to me.  




 This is (one reason) why I fucking love living in a country with free healthcare. That shit doesnt work here matey!  




 championsuggest: euw deathpact angel 




 History. Actually I'm in 2nd semester already, but better late than never is guess...?  




 How exactly can an identical twin be more attractive than the other? I mean...are you not like, looking the same?  




 When he's listening to music and - unawarely, i suspect - starts humming to it. A little dreamy and so happy about a little thing. Makes me happy everytime :)  




 A fox or a lynx i think 




 Gotta be the obvious dude here and call Watership Down (the Movie). I can't even watch that shit today without feeling very intimidated. and, at least in my country, its free to watch for children aged 6 and above. if i watched this at age 6, i'd be so freaking traumatized

 




 Or version 3:

"Hey mom, how long until dinner?"

"until you make yourself some you lazy ass."

:( 




 When playing online games, I'd love to team up with my party members via TeamSpeak or similiar -  to play coordinated and have someone to talk to, because gaming can sometimes feel very lonely.

However, after all the "Omg you're a girl", "Do you have a boyfriend" and "go to the kitchen" reactions I was tired of it. It seems to be pretty hard for some people to accept that it does not really matter in that context what fkn gender i am. 

EDIT: It's really funny how I now have a shit ton of PM's of guys asking me to play with them. also asking if i DO have a boyfriend. guys plz. 
Oh, and also, I am aware that there's a lot of nice gamer guys out there. But as with everything, those are not the ones who stand out, and just one dickhead in a group can ruin the entire experience.  




