  When do you report?

When I'm running towards a rune Alt Clicking my empty Bottle but our support takes it before I get there. 




 /u/gayfarang_bot 




 Probably whichever hero has the closest lore ties to Arc Warden, considering Zet is most likely the next hero to get ported. 




  I’ll tell you what that was the equivalent of… of me putting a gun in my mouth and having to listen to that.”

Direct quote. So, anyone else trying to spin this into some kind of tumblr-esque "ESPN making fun of suicide" kind of deal? Could actually probably make something of it if we got enough people in on it. We're the internet after all. 




 Ohio (USA)

USE - 62

USW - 129

EUW - 171

EUE - 197 




 You get both. 




 I think unfair bots should be a challenge for experienced players. I was practicing Earth Spirit this morning against unfair and had zero problems dominating, on a hero I've played maybe 3 times. 




 Be insanely overpowered. 




 Earth Spirit isn't even hard. 




 Slark. I see him stomping my pubs every day but whenever I play a Slark game I massively suck. No idea why really, just can't seem to make any impact with him. 




 Playing a broken hero doesn't mean you're good. All of the troll pickers who spammed him for +1k MMR are going to drop like a rock after 6.84. 




 WASD camera move, 123456 spells (if you can't hit 5 or 6 easily, that's a personal problem), ZXCVFR items, Q attack move, E stop command, SPACE hero select, TAB select all units, CAPSLOCK scroll through control groups.

Works fine for me for every hero that I play. Micro heroes are not my style at all, so I tend to avoid them. Micro'ing is still a challenge, but I've played Chen and Meepo with a bit of success in the 3k bracket when I've randomed them.

I also do use Edge Pan a bit. 




 So denying towers are great because it denies the enemy some gold. But should you deny T2 towers? Obviously nobody cares about T1 towers because your glyph will reset and they don't matter that much, but a T2 tower I feel is way more important to leave standing even if it only has 100 health. If that T2 is up, the enemy can't take your racks in that lane if they've pushed through in another. Yeah even if it's only 100 health it isn't hard to go take it, but that's still an amount of time spent that brings your team closer to respawning or getting into a position to defend, etc.

And definitely not T3 towers, yeah? Thoughts? 




 You never really *want* to build a BKB on Storm.  




 Zeus doesn't really beat Sniper in lane, and does nothing once Sniper gets BKB.

If you're able to coordinate a couple ganks on Sniper, snowball ahead of him and get a fast Blink, you can hunt around the map nuking him down whenever you see him solo, but otherwise Zeus is hardly a counter. 




  the damage is negligible.

12 damage per second, for ten seconds, with three charges, assuming you're in each shrapnel the entire duration.

That's 360 damage. Hardly negligible at level 1. 




  borderline OP

Actually I think he's pretty balanced. He has great early game magic nukes, but once you get BKB he doesn't do any damage to you at all. After carries have BKB his biggest use is free dewarding and vision ultimates. 




 The only ones shorter than 20 I've played were due to an abandon. I've had a decent number of games between 20-25 minutes, all with Troll Warlord. 6.83 in a nutshell. 




 They have your same skill level with a tenth of the amount of time played. I'd rather be matched with them than you. 




  The idea that "bad players are holding me back" is just an excuse people use to make themselves feel better.

The idea that it's easy to solo win every game at your skill level is false. Can a 6k solo win 2k games? Yeah, no shit. You're a top 1% player going up against average ones. It SHOULD be easy in that case. But can a 3.5k solo win every game in a 2-3k bracket? No, they can't.  




 The top heroes this patch have remarkably lower skill caps than top heroes of previous patches. 




  they can hear everything the casters are saying

Pretty sure anything the casters say, the players have already thought of. 




 Quick note to anybody reading, Magic Stick/Wand will gain a charge if a neutral creep inside the range uses an ability.

The more you know. 




 WASD camera move, 123456 spells, ZXCVFR items, Q attack command, E stop command, TAB select all units, CAPSLOCK scroll through control groups, SPACE select hero. I do use Edge Pan in addition to WASD.

I can't play Meepo and Chen amazingly because I don't have set keybindings for control groups, but I've played them in 3k and actually didn't fare too badly. 




  Weaver The Swarm movespeed increased from 600 to 800.

I'd rather see his Str gain increased from 1.5 to 2.2 




 A lot of your item builds are retarded, also you abandon a ridiculous number of games. Fix those, play carry, secure 5 cs/min throughout the game, don't feed, and you'll go up by a thousand. 




 That's what Ranked SHOULD be. Ranked should be for tryhards, unranked for casuals. That's the point of the separation.  




 Tiny against Troll is only good until Troll gets BKB. Once Troll gets BKB, Tiny melts. 




 Troll already has mana problems early game unless he builds Aquila or runs a Bottle. It needs to be a very small mana cost. I like the idea, but weakening an already weak part of the hero isn't the answer. You need to nerf the strong points a bit to bring balance.

The 60% Blind chance on melee axes needs to be reduced, I'd say to 40% would be fine, as well as remove flying vision of ranged axes. That really should be enough.  




 Your friend is shit. 




  Add a small-ish mana cost to switch between ranged and melee forms

That would destroy the hero, unless it was like 5 mana. 




 The front page will be filled with "Fuck this I'm not playing Dota 2 any more" threads. 




 Yeah the 1.6k net worth lead that the Radiant had at their highest point caused SO much of a swing.

Idiot. 




 Beastmaster shits on Troll. Roar through BKB and I believe the Boar's effects go through BKB. 

The problem with Troll in pubs is that it takes a lot of coordination to shut him down. You can't man fight him like other carries, you have to spend a lot of resources between multiple heroes to shut him down early and also kite him during teamfights. 




  melee heroes CANNOT lane against storm,

There are a ton of heroes melee heroes can't lane against, that doesn't really mean it needs a nerf. Ever tried melee against SF? Or Sniper? Or hell, even a SK? 




 Usually I only leave 1 in spin the whole game to use strictly for magic immunity, and max crit and stats taking a point in ult whenever possible, taking healing ward if we're looking to push towers or team fight, so I don't really have that problem. But I do play a very little amount of juggernaut so I'm not anyone to take advice from. 




  but that's not a pick-up PA often gets.

70% winrate on PA in pubs. I never build BF.

Literally embarrassing to see other PA's build Bf and ultimately fail at carrying the game.

edit: To anyone reading, the way I've found to best build PA is PMS(if needed)AquilaTreadsHotDBasherBKBAbyssal/MKB(whichever you need first). By that time the game should be over if you do it right. You should easily be able to get Basher sub 20 minutes, and your level 11, which means you are outputting massive amounts of damage. Treads/Basher gives you a nice little bit of health too which never hurts, and nobody has MKB yet so your evasion will be a great saving grace. Then you get BKB, take Rosh, and essentially end the game. 




 Their lina has more last hits than him. That's pretty bad. 




 Ursa jungle is picked fairly often in my pubs. If I start the game with 2 sentries, which camps would be the best to block? 




 Saw Era doing it in a game, and occasionally in my pubs. What is the advantage of Treads over Phase? 




 Just a tip, they're called Heroes in Dota 2.  




 WASD camera, Q attack move, E stop command, 123456 spells, ZXCVFR items, SPACE select hero, TAB select all units, CAPSLOCK scroll through units.

Works for me. I still use Edge Pan in addition to WASD though. 




 I got the Mythical Warlock set the other day. I hate playing Warlock. And it's not tradable.  




 Pretty sure that only applies to people above 4.8k, where the teams can range from MMRs of 4.5-7k. 




  2.3k mmr

 Captain's Mode

There's your problem. Don't play CM in anything less than 3.5k. It took me forever to learn that when I was in that bracket, even if I did pick Captain every game. People in 2k can't play every hero. You need to be able to play every hero to be able to be useful in CM. People will go in and say "Pick me x" even if x doesn't fit in your lineup at all, and they refuse to change because they have a very small hero pool. So you're either left with a team that has zero synergy and stupid lanes, or a team of heroes that work great together but nobody can adequately play. 

Your captain was terrible though. Going into CM and not banning Troll when the enemy team had first pick? And also letting Magnus through to the very end? First two bans Silencer and Medusa? And picking offlane Ursa? Yeah, he's trash.
 




 Okay so Storm is one of the heroes I love to play, and in team fights can play very well, but can never seem to control a game with. I see his potential in the hands of people who can play him to the highest level and try to replicate it, but I always seem to fall short. 

I know the builds and how to play him and everything, but what I struggle with most is hitting item timings. How long should I solo farm mid before I go around trying to set up kills? I usually go Bottle  SR  Treads  Orchid  Bloodstone, and don't think I should really be ganking until Orchid, right? If I get a Haste rune or DD or something obviously I can take advantage of that, but if I don't start ganking at minute 8 my team rages and loses morale (3k MMR). Do I just ignore my team and flash farm the Orchid and go around getting kills after that? I feel like my mistake is trying to gank too early, dying, and then delaying Orchid, but I can never get my team to understand that.

wat do 




 Sven needs MoM/BKB/Blink before he's really useful in any way unless your team has great initiation, in which case you can forgo Blink. SnY after MoM would just delay the BKB too much. 




  I feel like their skill is alot better than mine.

Well yeah. They play(ed) this game professionally for money and huge prize pools. They're literally the best of the best. 




 How do you think? 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIjZImAyoKs 




 430, xboct, zai, alohadance, puppey

Pretty much my 5 favorite players to watch at the moment. 




 Flawless logic. 




 IT's not wrong necessarily but it's not the most efficient build. Your passive gives your way more damage than the extra second or two of the pull would. If you're going to be strictly ganking, then the pull helps, but you need passive and remnant for farming to get your Orchid/Bloodstone faster to have more impact in the mid game. 




 Definitely Puck with Blink and Euls. Lol just try to kill me. 




 http://www.dotabuff.com/players/206703220 




 This is wrong. You always max the passive first. 




 I use the [Logitch M510](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41%2BcyeIQuSL.jpg). It's wireless too. Works fine for me. 




 Compared to Troll, Jug, Sniper which are in almost every game, he takes way too long to come online and doesn't beat them late game. I CAN play him, but it's much harder to actually win a game because of the current meta. 




 That would be insanely overpowered. The movement speed increase on top of her E means the need for Phase/Euls is gone. This would mean Aghs/BKB rush, making her completely immune channeling Exorcism in the midst of a team fight plus her AoE silence. No thanks. 




 I'd rather have the choice to mute them myself than have them automatically be muted. I don't give a shit if they flame, it doesn't bother me. What I care about is any tidbit of information they might share that could beneficial that I can't see because they're muted. 
 




  could also be considered a buff in some situations.

Which is fine. Vision scouting assassinates? It has a very low cooldown. It's a change that has both positive and negative outcomes, which is, from what I've gathered, what Icefrog prefers to do rather than just a straight up nerf. 




  valve is basically doing us a favor by muting them.

I'd rather the player just be sent to low priority than being muted in a Ranked game I'm trying to coordinate with my team to win. 




 But the current system also punishes the other 4 members of their team, which is completely unfair. Instead of muting, just send them to low priority. Muting is stupid. 




  "This will just lead to people threatening to feed if they arent unmuted by their team"

If they're starting off muted, how would they threaten anyone? You'd have to unmute them just to see what they're saying. 

I'd love to be able to manually unmute someone. I don't care about stupid flaming. If random people on a video game are making you upset then that's a personal problem. If I can tell none of their communication is going to be helpful, I'll re-mute them. The current system screws over the other members of their team moreso than the person that's even muted. 




 Make Assassinate a skillshot similar to Powershot. His skill cap will rise without changing any other skills, and it would actually fit the style of the hero more than Q Q Q R LOL KILL. 




 Make Assassinate a skillshot like Powershot. Then Sniper will be balanced, and actually far more interesting to play/watch. 




  this patch has the greatest variety I've seen so far and I love it.

Did you see the thread the other day where the guy replied to your dotabuff with statistics for % of meta heroes picked per game? For me personally, there were 90 out of 108 games that included Sniper, Axe, Jug or Troll. Add Lina to that and you'll probably hit 108/108. This patch isn't diverse at all. There are a large number of heroes that simply completely suck right now if the other team has 1 or 2 of the "Big 5". Weaver is my favorite hero. I can't play him if I want to win because he's essentially useless, and that's a big problem. That applies to a large number of heroes in the pool. 




 You had 4 heroes that are easy food for a Troll and your Spectre didn't outfarm him. 




 If the enemy 5th picks Storm and you don't have lockdown, yeah you're in for a horrible time.

If you have two separate silences and two stuns, the Storm is in for a horrible time.

 




 Especially not one of Viper honestly. That hero is probably the most boring to play, and I'd imagine also the most boring to watch.

Get me a good Puck game and I'll totally watch it. 




 I support anything that comes from Curse. Got me so right on my WoW mods over the years. 




 I don't understand why they don't just switch to something other than Skype. If Skype is the issue, why are people still using it? 




 You're only smurfing for the first few games, and that's only if you clicked "I've never played Dota 2" or whatever the option is. If I remember correctly, checking the inverse option puts you immediately at 3k hidden MMR. It takes over a hundred games to get to 13 to even be able to play ranked.  




  First of all 3,2k is the MMR average

It definitely isn't. 3.2k is the cutoff for "High Skill" on dotabuff. It's illogical to consider the average player "High Skill". Average MMR for the almost 11 million unique players of this game falls somewhere in between 1.5k and 2.5k MMR. We're on an online forum dedicated solely to the game that encompasses less than 2% of the community. 3.2k is most likely the average REDDIT mmr, but not the community as a whole.  




  Love this guy's personality

He's a typical teenager on an online game. Nothing is unique about his personality. 




 Same principle as why you turn off your basi/aquila ring in the laning stage. It buffs the creeps, which you don't necessarily want until you want to push the tower. 




  pretty sick of 4kmmr and troll jugg axe all day

So you'd rather play 2kmmr troll jugg axe all day?

That's stupid. 




 To everyone reading: the WORST time to gank a side lane is when they're already losing it. The WORST thing you can do is harm yourself and your progression by potentially feeding yourself and more kills to a side lane. Fuck your side lanes. It's not your job or your problem. Only gank if YOU see the opportunity. 




 I've been told I'm being reported in almost every game.

Haven't gotten low priority in months. Although I did get a 24 hour mute the other day.

If anyone's reading this, do you think the system takes into account how many successful reports you submit against reports submitted about you? To simplify that, I've reported a lot of players. Usually for flaming or trolling. A high percentage (I'd wager over 70%) of these reports I get a notification later that action was taken against the player. Does this mean if someone reports me, that I don't get looked at as harshly by the system? Maybe a "good samaritan" sort of thing? I kind of doubt it, but that would be kind of cool. 




  through a concerted team effort

This is the problem. At 1 or 2k, there is little coordination. At that MMR, it's suicide to rely on your teammates. It's far easier to do it all yourself. 




 The issue with picking a support is that you're a space creator. This means the space you're creating has to be taken advantage of. Someone in 1k will not be able to adequately do that. Even if the support sets up 5 different kills in the first 10 minutes, if the carry isn't using that space to efficiently farm for some actual items, then it could end up being useless because the carry is unskilled and could miss all of their cs and feed it away later.

 




 Definitely mid. If a 5k mid picks something like SF, TA, Troll or Storm against a 2k mid, you're going to see a 40cs difference at 10 minutes plus a couple kills. The 2k mid won't have anything, rendering it completely useless, while the 5k mid will start the snowball that will make him invincible for the rest of the inevitably short game.

This happened the other night, a 5k smurf on my 3k team went mid with Earthshaker and ended up 30-1. His only death was because we were fountain diving after mega creeps. 




 I had the thought that it could give every member of the team Fervor as well. Wouldn't be a huge upgrade, but Troll doesn't need any more upgrades at the moment. 




 Lol? Every Aghs upgrade is a buff to the skill in some way. 




 If you're a halfway decent player, all you have to do is pick one of four heroes and you will win pubs.

That's the problem with Dota right now. 




 http://www.dotabuff.com/players/206703220

3k USE 




 Trolls the best. Unless they have 3 carries and your only carry is Troll, if you snowball, you're not going to lose. 




 I personally have two accounts, one is 1k MMR less than the other, and I haven't touched it in months. I recalibrated with another account and rose up.

If I logged onto that account, it would be smurfing.  




 That it's the mid's job to win the side lanes. 




  Zyori

 Really good casting

I doubt it. 




 Elder Dragon Form.

Because who wouldn't want to be a fucking dragon? 




 Depends on what being a noob is considered. I don't consider myself a noob in the sense that I know what every hero/spell/role does and what I should do in specific situations.

However, I'm still a noob in being able to properly mechanically execute what needs to be done correctly every time. 




 A lot of people are saying last hitting, but specifically last hitting under tower. 

Also pulling the safe lane correctly. 




  and you have you the moron who picked earth shaker and have no problem to buy both wards and courier at min 0

What 




 Early game you needed to not go solo. This does make farming more difficult, but also safer. You needed to prevent him solo ganking heroes across the map and snowballing, and the best way to do that is to have a buddy with you. An underfarmed Riki will not be able to kill two heroes. 

And yes, you needed Dust. You'll not ALWAYS be with the Slardar, and nothing is worse than having an invis hero get away with 100 health because you didn't have detection. 




  i dont see the motivation of this.

The motivation is that the queue time will be drastically reduced because naturally more people want to play carry. And people who would do it don't care that they're lessening the experience for other players. They're selfish and think they're the best, and nothing will change that. 




 http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1408390254

This game went 58 minutes, 3k MMR. I was Radiant. Dire absolutely stomped the early game and built early shadow blades on ganking heroes, making farming essentially impossible as they constantly inhabited our side of the map and took our towers one by one. Around 25 minutes we'd lost all outer towers. We didn't leave the base for the next 25 minutes. We turtled. Turtled so hard that our Silencer got an abandon even though he was completely playing. It wasn't fun. It was boring as shit. But every time they pushed high ground we repelled them. And then they made the mistake of getting caught in Rosh without buybacks by a smoke gank and we pushed down mid and won the game.

It was stupid. We shouldn't have won at all. They're equally stupid for not building BKBs now that I actually look at it though. But still. 




 Somewhere between 3.2k and 3.5k I'd say. 




 QoP doesn't "counter" Tinker per se, QoP is just a natural lane dominator.

You shouldn't have had any problems against Disruptor.

Silencer counters everyone that relies on spell usage. 

None of these heroes should have been able to catch you out while you're split pushing, and in team fights you shouldn't have been in a position to get caught by them in the first place. 



 




 The easiest way to win sub 3k is to gain a massive networth lead via farming on a strong carry in the first 25 minutes and avoid dying. Fuck fighting, fuck defending unless somehow they're pushing T3s. If the enemy is 5 manning your T1 bottom, solo split push the T1 top. T1s mean nothing in that bracket. When you're sufficiently farmed, let your teammates be your tanks, go in after big abilities are used and clean up the rest of the heroes because at that point they can't stop you. Follow that up by pushing down objectives and taking Roshan. Rinse and repeat until the games over.

 




  1.5k isn't bad

No offense, but yeah it is. You're pretty below average. 




 C9 might have won a TI. 




 Jesus. Dota would actually become a horror game genre. 

Had a game the other night where I was playing Drow and went to Silence a solo hero, only to have an Axe blink right in front of me the split second I did. Made my asshole clench and a loud expletive left my mouth as I dipped the fuck out of there, but holy shit that would be scary in first person. 




 I really hope Oracle gets added. Would make TI5 way more fun to watch. 




 You need to jump him with an instant stun so he doesn't have time to react, and chain stun afterwards. Puck is very squishy. 




 For me it's gotta be IG vs. VG. The individual skill of all of their players is amazing and it's never disappointing. 




 Pitlord 




  It's like saying chrono is better disable than dismember

Well, it is. 




 If you have more towers than the opposing team, you should have map control. This means that it's unsafe for the ENEMY to farm and contest Roshan. 

Also, unless your team got completely dominated in the fight (something that probably wouldn't have changed if you were there), split pushing requires at least one enemy hero to TP back to defend. This means that any following objectives for the enemy are harder to get. 




 I'd rather see something implemented to where I can choose to not be matched with a player again. Over the past week I've gotten the same guy who randoms first pick and gets a carry, and proceeds to suck ass with it in at least 5 games. 




 Tiny is the hardest carry because he's made of rock. 




 The object of the game is to take towers, and eventually the ancient. If the enemy team wins 6 team fights and takes 0 towers, and you participate in 0 team fights but take 6 towers, your team has the advantage. 

And, if the enemy team wins the team fight and takes a tower, it's better that you took a tower for the trade instead of potentially going to the fight, dying, and having no upside. 




 I'd pick Magnus against it and have a field day. 




 That it's not the largest issue at all and is definitely not gamebreaking. 




  This is the largest issue facing Dota right now

 These are gamebreaking problems that until fixed, make Dota unplayable for at least this user.

Lol.

 




  There is no way u can be making this post if ur higher than 3k.

There is no way u can be responding like this if ur higher than 3k. 




 Technically it isn't. The Dire team has a +300 MMR advantage when you average them out. 




