 are you my neighbor who was sitting out in his backyard last night farting repeatedly? 




 I've heard of this place but every time I've tried to go there, it's just ridiculous. Can't even sit down and a 45 minute wait or whatever.  




 I highly recommend the book "Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy." I've read lots of books on CBT, mindfulness, etc but keep coming back to this one when I need a refresher. 




 This was pretty much my nightmare when I was dating a single dad. Basically our life was on hold until that kid turned 18 (he was 2-6 when we dated) and there was always the chance he would still be living with us well into his 20's. F--k that! 




 *DVD. Can't edit on my phone. Or type apparently  




 I'm pretty sure I put more thought into my DVDS player than most people do about having kids.  




 Yeah. I'm not sure why she would have taken her keys if she jumped.  




 Yeah I was kind of wondering if this got any media attention at the time. Sounds to me like she may have jumped off the bridge.  









 This kind of speaks to part of the reason I don't want kids - it's such a wild card. Every time you choose to have one, you are taking a huge risk that something could be wrong physically or mentally that will put an insane extra amount of stress on what is already a stressful existence as a parent of a "normal" kid. You may end up having a child who will never EVER leave the nest, not to mention financial burden you throughout retirement. If you can even retire.  




 I went to a group therapy thing last night. One of the women who showed up looked absolutely exhausted and emotionally beat down. She proceeded to tell us that she was 56 years old and had three children still living at home. She "got started late" and had her first child at 38. The last one came along when she was 44, so her youngest is 12. Her husband also died several years ago so she is raising the kids alone.

I'm starting to wonder if the advantage of group therapy is really just to see first hand those who are worse off than you, because this lady's problems sure made me feel better about my life. Really, no matter WHAT, I can say "at least I don't have children."

This woman is going to be 62 years old before her last child turns 18 and (hopefully, but not necessarily) leaves the nest. Dear god almighty. I can't even imagine. I don't even have the energy or desire to deal with kids now, much less at her age. By the time she can enjoy her life and do something for herself, she's going to be elderly. I wonder if people even think ahead about these things?  




 Yet another thread on focal length that deteriorates in the same old argument. Seriously, this shows up in every photography forum online at least once a day. It's actually MORE confusing if you try and give a newbie the technically correct explanation to this problem. Why not let them just consider it a 135mm equivalent and call it a day?  




 Exactly. When I was shopping for a new MacBook, I priced out similar spec'd Windows machines and there wasn't much difference. The super cheap laptops are basically for people who use the Internet and maybe some light word processing or whatever. I'm a photographer so I need speed and a decent screen, so once you get into those realms, even a Windows machine gets pricy. And in my experience they don't last as long before stuff breaks and things get buggy and slow.  




 Why on earth is this comment being downvoted? Does having to buy a gift card with another gift card REALLY make sense to people? 




 Well, in that sense, nobody NEEDS a laptop or any computer. First world luxury. 
  




 Had no idea, thanks. That seems kind of dumb though. I wonder why they don't just let you use them for either place instead of making you "buy" another gift card.   




 Here we go. You know, some people actually have legit reasons to use Apple. Photographers, videographers, designers. I won't go into why, google it if you want. 

Not to mention, I had my last MacBook for nine years before I upgraded. I never had a Windows machine last anywhere near that long. I would rather pay a little more up front for something that I know is going to last me a long time.  




 Meh. I financed mine that way. I see nothing wrong with leveraging 0% financing in order to get something now and slowly pay it off instead of having to wait possibly a year to save up for something you may really need now. As long as you pay it off before the promotional period ends, what's the difference? 




 I just took advantage of this and received two gift cards from the rewards program. I have no use for them. They are good for the Apple Store only, not the App Store. I guess if you buy stuff from them often it might be beneficial.  

Keep in mind it's 0% for 18 months or whatever but if you don't pay it off in full by that time, they charge you interest on the entire amount.  




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bE-pjGjX80I

 




 I had my first ever sleep paralysis/shadowmen episode about six months ago. I hope it NEVER happens again. I was freaking terrified, and frozen. Finally I managed to pull it together and turn on a light, and of course no one was there. But holy shit. 




 I kind of understand how you feel. My mom was always stressed out and losing her mind and treated my sister and I like we were a huge burden all the time. We were both planned, she WANTED two kids. She was just miserable all the time and MEAN.

I was severely depressed as a child/teenager and my mother was just horrible... and then on top of it all she and my father always acted like we should be grateful to them. In reality, I wasn't grateful. I didn't choose to be born. Back then I was so miserable - because of my mother - that I wished they had never had me. I mean what the hell is that, choosing to have kids and then treating them like shit? It's so f--ked up!

I moved away when I was 18. I'm still on good terms with them but they have no input into my life and there are no fights. Best thing I ever did was get myself out of that immediate environment. 
 




 I mean the weird looking houses that still exist around Bethlehem were built in the 50s. I don't know about the apartment complex. I looked a few of the houses up on zillow b 




 Oh, very interesting - thanks!

Those houses were/are such an odd design. There are still a ton of them along Libbie and those streets - they just look like 85% of the house is the roof. Kinda Cape Cod-ish, but not. No idea what that type of architecture is called, but given the ugliness I would place them as being built in the 70s...

Edit: Looked up a few of them, and they were built in the mid-50s 




 I live near Libbie Mill, but when I moved here, that whole area was already razed (Staples Mill   Bethlehem Rd). It's my understanding that whole area used to be kind of a low income, high crime apartment complex? 

I'm just kind of curious about the history of the neighborhood. If you go across Broad Street, the property values jump up compared to the area surrounding Libbie Mill (though my tax assessment went up considerably this year). I'm wondering if that is a reflection of that apartment complex being there for so long - like it was keeping property values down because it was super shitty, or something? 




 I've seen this happen. A lot.

In fact, my ex kept talking about wanting a child with me when we were breaking up... when having a child is what led to HIS divorce, for all the reasons you described. I basically pointed to his kid and said, "How did that work out for you the last time?" 




 One of my friends, who is a mother and complete narcissist, posted this on her Facebook today. I already find it really disturbing that people have kids these days for the purpose of having a "mini me" - and yet us childfree people are the self-centered ones - but actually referring to the child as a mini me is really disturbing. I can just imagine the issues a child could grow up with with a parent who acts like the child isn't an independent person. Good grief!! 









 Oh, I'M the immature one. That makes sense.... 




