 ,........ 




 Are there any shows that started on youtube worth watching for somebody who isn't a thirteen year old girl? 
 




 Solid answers. Thanks everybody 




 I'm looking for the physics involved. 




 Why sell it to the network in the first place?  




 An established network definitely has the buying power to make a name for a new show, but why is an established show like Family Guy on a network? Is it simply because the producers believe the cost of the network will be offset by greater advertising revenues or is there something special about TV that you don't get when you distribute over the internet? Is it simply a matter of costs to production?  




 I want to know what convinced you to make that vow in the first place. Now that you bring it up I kinda hafta make that vow to myself now. 




 Good for you. That's an oath worth breaking. 




 My German teacher put on Sophie's Choice but turned the subtitles off. Also, it was just the last scene at the train station so we got like, literally, zero buildup.

If you haven't seen it, this Nazi guy gives this lady the choice to save one of her children from the concentration camps. Not funny right? But then she chooses the son! And the girl is like "What the fuck mom?" And that's the end of the movie! Roll credits, you can all go home now.

I don't know what's wrong with me, but the last scene of that movie is fucking hilarious in broken German. My teacher was mortified. He just assumed he was raising a class full of hitlers.  




 Swear to God, this just happened to me. Damn, reddit, you psychic. 




 Man, I don't want to take up a lot of your time, but this is such a great resource, I don't want to let you go.

At this point in the story, the kid likes to hurt animals. Do you have any insight on that thought process or what kind of feelings would motivate someone to enjoy causing pain? 
 




 Fuck this rule. Seriously. 

Shocked is what happens when you say buttlicker in front of the queen. I almost died. 




 This is close but not far enough. Those orders came from Baca, but nobody had the balls to prosecute. 




 Thanks a bunch. 

One last thing: what would you say to a mother whose kid might have CD? Do you have any deep insights that might help them? If you had five seconds to give the most important thing you've ever learned about APD or CD or even just mental illness to the public at large, what would it be? 




 Thanks a ton, I'm gonna blatantly steal everything you give me.

Have you had any experiences with parents resisting consent or diagnosis? And I know this is the million dollar question, but can a psychopath completely void of empathy learn remorse? 




