 But aren't elected leaders SUPPOSED to represent the majority's views? I understand your point, though I personally see it as a good thing that politicians are willing to change to adhere to what the country wants and needs. The unwillingness of politicians to budge, see things a different way, or compromise on their beliefs to meet the needs of voters is irresponsible. It's part of the reason why our government has hardly gotten anything done, despite the massive amounts of social change occurring in the U.S.   




 To add to this, guys who get into drunken fights or who gang up on guys they don't like to intimidate them. If someone can't solve a problem without resorting to physically harming someone, they're batshit. Not only would I never date someone like that, I wouldn't even choose to associate myself with them. 




 Same here. I kiss everyone on the face, too. Every single person. Even the ones I don't know that well. 









 I add brown sugar or a piece of chocolate to my spaghetti sauce to kind of neutralize it--the tomatoes can be a little acidic at times, so this works well to balance it out! 




 I don't know the exact reason, but I've been told that spiders lay their eggs in banana plants sometimes. They're usually found at either end of the banana, not in the middle. That's why a lot of people don't eat the ends of their bananas! 




 If he's making those jokes on his own time, it's a different story. (Still racist, but at least people don't have to listen to it). But he was at the office, around people that he worked with, making really unprofessional remarks that easily imply to an employer that he cannot work with or for black people. If he can casually make a joke like that without thinking he could get in trouble for it, he is a liability to the company in the sense that if his words ever got out, or if he spoke to a customer that way, he would cause a PR nightmare for the company. It's absolutely within their right to fire him. They're protecting themselves. 




 Plot twist: number 89 isn't his wife. 




 Old, moldy food. My roommates always leave stuff in our fridge for weeks; because there are 6 of us, it gets pushed to the back and forgotten about really easily. And I'm always the one who ends up cleaning it out, because my roommates are kind of a lazy bunch. I've seen some disgusting stuff, including vegetables that had rotted so much they were basically liquified.

If it's in tupperware, I usually try to clean it out, but there was one time where I opened something up and the smell made me gag even though I was holding my breath. And it wasn't even a normal gagging sound, either. It was a violent, loud, gag/yell that came out of my mouth completely involuntarily. I closed the lid and just threw the whole thing out without trying to salvage the tupperware it was in. I still don't even know what was in it. I asked my roommates and none of them had answers. I'm starting to feel nauseous just thinking about how long it must have been in there for everyone to forget about it completely.  




 I hate that smell. I hate beer to begin with (I'm allergic to it, but before I realized I had an allergy, I threw up EVERY time I drank it--even a small amount--so I kind of have the smell of it associated with puking). When I have to smell it, even if it's fresh, I have to get into a place with fresh air immediately. 




 They're talking about gristle, fat, tendons, etc. It's pretty common if the mean isn't good quality. 




 Bigotry? How do you mean? I like 2X a lot, because all of the posts seem to be about promoting positivity within the female community on reddit. A lot of the posts are about women who are proud of their accomplishments--i.e., running their first marathon, completing some sort of project, etc.--and I don't recall seeing anything hateful in that sub, ever (though I don't pay that much attention to it unless something really interesting pops up).

Genuinely curious what about that you find bigoted. 




 It's not "politically correct," it's just a way of trying to protect the identity of the person/station while still answering the question to the best of OP's ability. The only way it would be considered "politically correct" is if the news anchor specifically asked to be referred to as "they/them" rather than the common pronouns "him" or "her." 




 So many of those stories are just too much. Unnecessary details, weird writing style that kind of makes a reader think it's fictional, etc. I've only seen a few that actually made ma laugh and didn't seem like the author was trying too hard to make up some ridiculous story for karma.

My [favorite one](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2qe91t/tifu_by_giving_my_2_year_old_daughter_scented/) I've ever seen on that sub, though, is one that was titled: "TIFU by giving my 2 year old daughter scented chapstick" and the body was just: "She ate an entire stick of strawberry chapstick"

So perfect and simple. I wish more stories in that sub were like that. It would be much better, I think!

Edit: I really fucked up the grammar and spelling on this... 




 ...That's kinda fucked up, dude 




 We had a teacher who wanted to be a nun but was rejected (they can do that), and she would flip people's desks all the time and threaten them. The verbal abuse her students endured was insane, but she was an old woman so the school never did anything about it. It was also a small Catholic school, so a lot of shit like that went down that none of the kids were mature enough to realize was bad and none of the adults bothered to correct. 




 Yeah, I definitely feel that way. If I'm going to a party where I know there will be drinking, I always start drinking before I get there. Otherwise i can't hold a conversation with people. I like myself a lot more when I'm drunk, honestly.  




 I've seen this before. The "Mama" part never fails to make me laugh. 




 That's so creepy. But at least it means the ghost (or whatever) just wanted to play with your hair, not, like, kill you?? If that makes you feel better. Haha. 




 So did you just copy and paste [this entire thing](http://www.cruisecrazies.com/forums/topic/35340-cruise-ghost-stories/) or what? 




 Nope nope nope nope NOPE.

How did you realize it was your hair being braided on its own?? What was your reaction? 




 That is definitely one of the most bizarre Comcast horror stories I've heard. Not even sure how they could justify that. 




 If there's a customer already cursing up a storm and if the neighborhood is as bad as OP said, it probably would have been dangerous to deny the guy service, as satisfying as that would be. 




 Wait, what?! What happened? Did you have to pay? 




