 Thanks so much for sharing this 




 19820 









 What was the name of Kelso's squad leader in Vietnam? 




 R/scrubs 




 Fuck all the people being dicks, if you don't like it, move on. I like it.  




 Fuck IB 




 It's just a rare occurrence, not a glitch or anything.  




 My 60 y.o. mom just got an iPad and started playing clash of clans. It's the first video game she's ever played. She loves building the village, but doesn't like the attacking, and just wants to build. Are there any games like clash that have the building, but not the fighting, on the app store? 




 How do you auto fill? 









 Thanks for linking those gifs 




 Thanks a lot! I just got a gronk catch collectable, and I see it's selling for a few hundred thousand on the AH, should I sell it or keep it for my set? 




 Alright, I'll do that. Thanks! 




 There's nothing special on my team, it's all bronze and silver players :/ I'd post pics but there's not much to show 




 I just got about 1 m coins, which is 10 times anything I've had before. What is the best thing to buy to get a great team? 




 Patriots: NFL 2k5 




 This just it: Brady showed up to Superbowl practice three weeks ago. 




 For the short term, all food places are continuously cycling through employees. start putting your applications out everywhere. Not sure about long-term though.  




 The guy putting on his jacket and leaving in the background during a closeup... 




 It's just the default, I have a moto x. I think it's the default at least, I haven't changed anything that I know of 




 Right on! Very very cool :)  




 To start with the story, I told my parents that I wanted NFL gear for the patriots, like a jersey or something. Sick bastards got me a broncos hat and a dolphins coffee mug. Only bayonetta or AW could possibly save christmas, haha :) 

Also, regardless of who gets them, I just wanted to say thank you for doing this. You never know what someone's Christmas was like, or how they're feeling right now, but I promise that just making this post made some people feel better. I'm sure all of us truly thank you for that.
  









 Family is downstairs and I'm too scared to go visit, I always have a fight and I don't want to ruin Christmas.  




 I don't know why, it just overwhelmed me. They don't even try to imply he's bipolar, it was just how many parallels I saw between myself and him, before he was 'fixed.' I couldn't even finish the fucking movie. How do you guys get through that kind of stuff? I don't even want to imagine hat it would have been like if I was with someone. 




 Absolutely should be 




 I can't seem to find acceptance. Thank you 3 




 Thanks a bunch, I appreciate it.  




 I don't own the game, do you have a video link? 




 Springfield Missouri? Borders was right next to olive garden 














 I had those kind of stats appear for my crossbow and uav after I used it the first time. Never knew how it happened. 




 Boom 




 Ah, I just looked it up. Are you able to earn enough platinum to get the rhino just by collecting platinum in-game? I hate micro transactions :/ 




 It was freaky for sure, I just filed a report with the cops. I play mostly Xbox, skyrim, cod, halo, etc. What is a rhino, Excalibur, etc? 




 Sorry, I was actually just in the middle of replying when someone tried to break into my house! Scary stuff, luckily they ran off. Shook me up a bit though! 

Anyway, I'm jealous, I can never get myself to work out. What games do you play? 




 Do you play video games? Like sports or anything? 




 What are you doing today? 




 The in-game zombies is terrible, but the dlc Zombies is unbelievably good. 




