 HAHA that was genius 




 interesting 




 :) thank you kind person 




 read some of the comments i agree w most of them. to add to it, i think there is some level of biology to it too. males are deemed worthy mates by their ability to provide and protect their potential offspring. males see certain females as good mates because outer/ sexual appearance is reflective of fertility.  




 First off, I want to say thank you to all you guys. I've been lurking this subreddit for a while and started posting pretty recently. It's been so helpful to talk to kind and intelligent people, and it's helpful to hear that you guys went through a lot of the same things I'm going through now. Anyway, here it is. 

Left my church. I was pretty involved with leadership and all that, so this is actually a pretty big change for me. My entire circle of friends is though this little bubble of christianity, so as i start work and move out of my parents house, this almost feels like a new identity.

but to be honest, it's been very hard to find new friends and i'm kind of going through depression again from feeling so alone. i know the right answer is to go join a gym, volunteer activities, online dating, but its just not that easy and i feel like if im actively TRYING to make friends, it isn't natural and i seem almost desperate to even have friends. but i guess honestly i am pretty desperate. 

out of college and graduate school now so there isnt that option.  




 yeah i think fitness helps a lot. even if you have a plain face, as long as theres nothing glaringly wrong, your best bet is to just have an awesome body. it takes time to build a physique you can be confident in, but with maybe a year of dedication and good eating, id say one year is a very good investment for potentially helping the rest of your life  




 happy for you. did these become your lifelong friends after graduation too? what communities are you most involved in now 




 dude(tte) this is one of the best comments ive read. thank you. so interesting 




 wait. i must look. totally fell out of the loop/stopped following a while ago 




 Just had a first date and didn't want to come off as too horny, so I kept it light with just holding hands.  




 watched til the end. did not regret it 




 mindblown wtf 




 "SURPRISE BLOWJOB".... then she woke up and divorced me 




 i understand haha. your hormones are in overdrive right now. your parents are doing it out of love for you, they think its best. just be patient. once you move out you can have all the sex/ porn you want.  




 fights. nobody throws kicks in a life/death situation 




 knees. naturally pretty athletic and fast, but dislocated my knee so many times because of an extreme q angle. will never mentally recover or play sports to my full potential 




