 Thank you! And she seems to ALWAYS WEAR IT lately.  That outfit with that wig seems to show up at every damn show she does. 




 My MIL is essentially our nanny. She comes over and watches our son all day. My husband works from home but it's not the kind of job he can do while taking care of a baby and she was a housewife while my husband and BIL were growing up. My son also spends the night at my in laws' every Friday. I see my mom every other week or so, since she works full time and lives 30 minutes away.  I should note my MIL offered to do this and loves doing it.  For the first few weeks I was super uncomfortable, thinking we were inconveniencing it.   




 I see myself as doing a whole30, just even more restrictive by avoiding any carbs.  meat and leafy vegetables... wooo! 




  I have a slight nagging voice in the back of my head saying "I want food"

 Unusual to have this on keto. High satiety means physiologically you are more likely to feel full and not crave food. Possibly this is a withdrawal symptom. Possible the 'I need food' is more like 'I want carbs?' Many people have carb cravings (even dreams) as their addiction fades.

I had the same thing the first month I was on keto.  I've given up diet drinks this week and all of a sudden I'm so full and never want to eat.  I'd suggest ditching the artificial sweeteners as they can prompt an insulin response.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2887500 




 I like them, and they don't mess with my cravings as bad as diet coke does.  I can drink one zevia and be ok, where as with diet coke I have to keep drinking them 




 Seconded.  Life is so much less miserable without a gallbladder full of stones.  My surgery was outpatient and I literally went from the hospital to Panera (to stuff myself on bagels, sadly) before going home.  Gallbladder attacks were the worst pain I've felt in my life, including giving birth.  




 Yeah we noticed the same thing!  




 Had a son and got a job paying $15k more than I was making before.  On track to save about $30k/year and will be taking a vacation with my husband for the first time since we got married. 




 I have the same fear.  I haven't done any keto faux-desserts since starting because i'm pretty sure that has derailed me in the past.  Same with low carb tortillas and other franken-foods.  But diet soda was my jam, I could drink up to 10 a day.  Now it's tea with a slice of lemon, black coffee, or water.  Then again, I'm not even done with day 1 yet, but hopefully i can stick with this restriction 




 Are you doing keto for weight loss?  If so, did you lose better after giving them up? 




 Woohoo! Does it make any difference that you can tell?  Do you lose more weight off them? 




 Anyone else doing keto with no artificial sweeteners?  I did keto (at 1600 calories) for a month and saw 2 lbs change.  Now I'm cutting out artificial sweeteners to see if that makes a difference (since some scientists think it could prompt an insulin response in some people).  It's a lot harder than I thought!  Even some flavored coffee beans are flavored with sugar free syrups after roasting (called my company's coffee service to confirm).   




 They also own some land that has a cell phone tower on it, and I think own rental properties to earn income. 




 God  yes, especially getting healthy and fit.  I wish I would have done that before getting pregnant, now I'm fat and exhausted :)  Working on it now, though.  Thankfully my baby will start moving soon so I'll have to chase him around a lot (he's going to be a runner, I just know it).   




 You'd be surprised what some people will do with things they consider "natural".   




 I don't get to use the big tubs anymore due to an allergy, so we're on the Alimentum.  I'm stuck with the cans, which always peel off in one go.  Getting the tab to unstick to the cover is a bitch, though. 




 You do have to be extremely careful with things like essential oils.  They can be dangerous if used improperly. 




 Unless it's a required field on the application form... 




 This is why I really love my gym. They actually limit membership so it's never packed.  And most of the people in the gym do cardio so the weight section is mine... ALL MINE.   




 Got off to a bad start and my mental health couldn't take it.  I was diagnosed with chorio during labor and the procedure is that the baby stays in NICU for 48 hours getting antibiotics to make sure he didn't develop an infection too.  When my water broke I had been awake for about 20 hours already (it was 1am) so by the time my son was born, I had been awake for about 40 hours.  I just crashed and told the nurses to formula feed.  

After finally getting him home after 4 days, I tried to pump but my mental stability wasn't back yet and having to pump every 2 hours, plus a frustrated baby who was used to getting the formula amount and was getting my measly drops... I just decided fuck it, he'll be fine with formula.  

I also need psychiatric meds to manage my anxiety, which I would have preferred to stay on.  I don't regret it at all. 




 I'm in the same boat. And it's hard. But we gotta keep going :) 




 Cute! Mine ends up with his forehead laying on his hands, nose into the mattress. No matter what I do he ends up like that. I don't sleep well due to worry 




 I'm afraid I may have ventured into the mom Jean category.  After giving birth something happened to my stomach and now it's like... A curtain. I can't wear anything remotely low waisted bc it'll hang over. I try to keep my shirt down over my waistband. And I try to keep to darker washes and skinny jeans.  




 The restaurant I worked at had last call and closed kitchen 15 minutes before close.  Loved working there.  If a party stayed 30 minutes past close time and was finished eating, the manager kindly asked them to leave so we could get home safely.   




 Lumping WELS, LCMS, and ELCA Lutherans together?   




 Yeah the only reason I'm doing this is because it's basically doctor prescribed (if they could prescribe a diet).  Basically, it's going to be so slow bc of the PCOS and insulin resistance, but it'll at least work if I make it a lifestyle change for basically the rest of my life, which doesn't bother me too much. 




 I hit my one month keto mark earlier this week and am down a whopping 3 lbs.  I've basically been stalled for 3 weeks and have tried giving up different things, adding more fat, everything.  It's hard.  I know I'll have to stick with it til I lose the weight because I have PCOS and insulin resistance, but it's really frustrating.  These past 2 days I've been so close to just cheating because I'd probably just gain the 3lbs of water weight back.  Last week I ate a little too much PB that took me to 35g of carbs, I was still registering as in ketosis, but I woke up the next morning to a 4 lb weight gain.  

This diet can be so effortless for some bc the weight just slips off but for some of us it's as hard as restricting other things on other diets and seeing crap results.  At least the cravings are gone. 




 If you are insulin resistant, you shouldn't eat more than 100g carbs per day.  




 Yeah I think it's good for the insulin resistant such as myself. 




 I wish I could eat intuitively, but I have a literal sugar addiction, to the point of insulin resistance. I just can't eat any sugar or carbs. If I eat a sweet potato I crave cupcakes and fries until I either give in or make myself go to bed. It's ridiculous.  




 Depends on what you want to do. Professor? Major in math, no minors required. Going into computer science? Minor in comp sci. Same with finance. If you want to be an actuary, get started with the tests while still in college and get an internship. 

A math degree looks good on a resume, the first job I got out of college was bc I had a math degree (and no experience). Now I'm a Business Analyst and really enjoy what I'm doing, but I feel like I limited my options by not having a minor.  




 We leave ours in the nursery, but my pastors have said that bringing him into service would be fine ("joyful noise of children"). Unfortunately before I had Rhys I got easily distracted by noisy kids in service so I'm less likely to do so unless there are special circumstances. When he was a newborn we would take him in his car seat bc he would sleep the whole time. Now we leave him at the nursery and will do so until he's 3 (when the nursery won't take him anymore) 




 I restarted keto 4 weeks ago and have just been doing my thing, but was stalled for the last 13 days. Last night the exhaustion was getting to me so I talked to some ppl who suggested looking at my electrolytes. Found out my potassium has been incredibly low, and so I drank lite salt in powerade last night. Woke up this morning to a 3 lb loss. Obviously water, but still a loss.  




 Also, bad diet *can* lead to gallstones.  I've had them and I had a bad diet for the 5 years beforehand.  Not always, but sometimes.  I wouldn't wish that pain on anyone either.  Worse than childbirth, and I've been through both. 




 There is NO WAY she is a size 22, even a vanity size 22.  I've been a vanity size 18/20 and was not within 2 sizes of her unless it's exponential from 20 to 22.  Girlfriend is at least a 26. 




 Sudden unexpected lady hands were an unattractive thing when I was dating.  




 My ex didn't figure out dropping the "e" when adding "-ing" until he was well in his 20's. Seeing him text things like "makeing" was infuriating me and he would get so angry at me for correcting him.  




 I'm so glad they make shoes that don't look like duck feet with holes.  I have some croc flats for work and they're the most comfortable shoes I own. 




 [Smiling on a walk](http://i.imgur.com/sdQQNVo.jpg)

[Good looking baby](http://i.imgur.com/PZ9V6dV.jpg)

[Drool monster](http://i.imgur.com/k7G38zd.jpg) 




 7 months old, cries when hungry, sometimes when tired.   A couple times has cried from teething pains (still no teeth yet ) but otherwise he only cries when he wants something to eat. 




 I'm starting all over today.  The last half of 2013 I was into SL and was doing it consistently.  Then at Christmas I fell off the wagon and in March 2014 I found out I was pregnant.  Now my son is 7 months old and I need to finally lose all this extra weight.  I'm doing keto per my endocrinologist's suggestion.  My weak point has always been squats and I plan on starting with body weight or goblet squats until I'm happy enough with my form to move on to barbell.

Does this sound reasonable?  I want to get back into SS or SL because it's the only exercise I've ever done that I truly enjoy and see consistent results from.  Any tips on getting my squats back?  If I'm not working out my ankles seem to lock up and don't have much mobility to them so I was planning on doing severe incline walking to warm up.  

Just lay on all the advice you can give me. 




 Personally I don't find myself migrating to talk to the really attractive women in the workplace or in a group of friends just because I'm aware of how easily I can be elbowed out of a conversation by other attractive women or men.  I have an average face but am overweight, so I'm frequently overlooked most places and I've experienced the elbowing out before many times. 




 I agree with everything, I just wish the reddit app I use would show spoiler tags on posts.  I click on everything in /r/rpdr on my home page and sometimes I read things I didn't want to.   




 My son is 7 months old. We have already set forth the rule that he will never watch caillou 




 Raja, amazing drag queen from RuPaul's Drag Race and makeup artist from ANTM (and for Iggy Azalea on tour) 




 Leaps and Bounds or Exhilarama? 




 FUUUUCKKKK NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 




 Psh as long as Daniel V was in top 3 I was happy 




 I was giggling like a school girl when she said that!  I live for PR season 2. 




 Personally, all the low carb substitutions for carb laden products (like ice cream, tortillas, candy, etc...) are what made me fail so many times. Test the effects on weight loss and blood ketones. I always registered as trace ketones on the ketostix, low on the blood ketone monitor when I ate that stuff. I'm doing it with no subs now and I'm losing a lot more quickly.  They must have elicited a slight insulin response in me.  I loved the subs because as a carb addict I could still have things similar to my favorite things. 

Just be careful!  




 Her hands look so tiny 




 I'm pretty sure I have a legit carb addiction, because of the grumpiness, headaches, and other symptoms I've experienced. The digestive tract has a ton of neurotransmitters and it's been shown that sugar causes a release in those feel good hormones in your brain (like serotonin and dopamine).  If you continue on it'll get better. 




 I've always been told that trying to lose weight while nursing will end up killing your milk supply.  




 As long as it's fully hydrogenated it should be ok.  If it's partially hydrogenated then there may be trans fats which aren't great. 




 Gifts of service. If my husband does something that helps me out without having to ask, I am swooning. And quality time. Even if it's just sitting on the couch watching trash tv with me, I really cherish those moments. I'm not very physically affectionate like most ladies I know.  




 Until Ginger dragged herself across stage trixie was on top. Ru loves a good shtick 




 Fffffff bye trix.  




 I need to put mine away. I don't eat anything that could mess with my insulin or blood sugar  yet I still test 3x daily.  




 I had a teacher that said that about words ending in the letter "i" and the letter "u".  While the words are few, and many have foreign origin, they are still a part of the English language. 




 Yup, about 2 months ago I had started to fall into the grips of bulimia, because nothing else was working.  It seemed fantastic, I could eat whatever I want then puke it back up, no problem, no calories (only some occasional headaches)! Thankfully I realized how addictive it was and researched all the health problems and stopped myself before I got any further.  It probably would have only taken a few more days before I was falling down the rabbit hole, though.   




 It looks strangely similar to panic attacks I have had in the past (thankfully) where I can't stop pacing back and forth, can't decide what it is I need to do, all I can do is walk around and try to calm down my mind and splash water on my face. 




 That's completely understandable. 




 Trixie.  Just to watch the world burn. 




 Maybe I don't follow her enough but I see more S7 queens out and about than her. 




 I've never been a hoverer at all, because I learned young that when pregnant ladies have to pee, they sit their ass on the seat, and when a woman is pregnant her immune system isn't exactly on point.  If pregnant women can survive sitting on a (clean) toilet seat, I can do it too.  Unless you claim germophobia, I cannot fathom why anyone would want to hover.  It's uncomfortable, it makes a mess, and I'm too lazy to do it. 




 There's a podcast that Jimmy Locke does called "Ask the Low Carb Experts" and there was one about keto druing pregnancy, and if you can feed your little ones ketogenic-ly in their early years (and how to do so).  I recommend finding that episode, it's on iTunes. 




 Maybe she's a size 22 in Old Navy vanity sizing.  




 I saw somewhere that she was noted as being 5'5" and a size 22.  I know people are built differently but at my highest I was a size 20 (also 5'5") and weighed 240lbs.  Girlfriend is well into the 300's. 




 Thank you!  Arms in the air and shaking hips.  




 Not impressed. Pearl goes for arms in the air, fame is boring as fuck.  




 I think FPV did the worst 




 My 6 month old son is extremely easy. He's our first and possibly only, since there's no way we could be so lucky to have another one this easy.  




 How do you feel about the inclusion of drag kings on RPDR?   




 True. When I was pregnant I read their lungs aren't strong enough to push away the CO2 and cycle the air properly, especially when in close quarters to something else (like a mattress, blanket, person, toy, etc...).   




 doot doot doot 




 Too bad she's already sitting on Josh Groban's 




 God forbid you're on the phone with someone and their/your mother starts dialing without listening for a ring tone... 




 A woman I used to work with is both evangelical, anti-vaccination, and all about homeopathy and essential oils.  Her 8 month old daughter also just had open-heart surgery and instead of having everyone vaccinated to protect the immuno-compromised daughter, she just quarantined the family for 6 weeks. 




 I decided to venture back on a keto-ish diet after having my baby 6 months ago.  I decided to start the same week I started a new job, but that also has me on a new schedule.  I used to sleep in until 7:25am, now I'm up at 5:45am.  I'm grumpy, tired, and all I want is carb-laden foods.   




 My situation is not typical, but I figured I'd put it out there.

Up front costs are big, as you may have to furnish a new room, as well as get things like a car seat, stroller, etc...  Monthly costs can be expensive, I'd look into Amazon  subscriptions for things like diapers and possibly formula (we use Honest Company subscription for diapers).  If your wife can BF, go for it.

Day care will be the #1 biggest expense by far.  It's like college tuition that you can't take out federal loans for.  We really lucked out, my MIL was a stay at home mom and now that she's an empty nester, she volunteered to watch my son while my husband and I are at work for free.  My husband works from home but wouldn't have the time to entertain   care for the baby and work, so my MIL just comes over every day from 9-5.  If there is anyone in your family who would volunteer to care for the baby for you, TAKE THEM UP ON IT.  We were very hesitant to at first, thinking we would be a burden.  After the first day I went back to work we decided we need someone.

You can get clothes super cheap on ebay or Craigslist.  Don't buy certain things used, like car seats or other safety equipment.   




 My son is currently on the Similac Alimentum.  Sucks you can't get it generically, but if you are a part of the mom groups on FB you can usually get your hands on plenty of $5 off coupons to help a bit.   




 Do not jump into buying a house and having kids until you are both at least somewhat happy with where you are.  Unless it's a specialized field, it's not difficult to get a job with a "useless" degree.  You just have to turn your work experience around and maybe work on some skills outside of work to make the most of your resume.

Tell her to apply at other school districts, any district within 30 miles.  I've known teachers who had to commute an hour to get to the district they worked in, because the were offered a job in a grade that they wanted and the school district was good.  

See if she'd be open to applying for an administrative position in a school district, too.  It would get her out of having to deal with behavioral problems or angry parents.

I'm coming to you as a mother of a 6 month old.  I am not a stay at home mom, my husband and I both work.  It is EXHAUSTING having to get up and go to work, then come home and take care of a baby when you love your job.  When you hate your job and are unfulfilled, it's 10 times worse.   




 I'm afraid my son may have to go through something similar.  His name is Rhys, which isn't that common in the US. 




 What if the sperm containing the X gametes were found to not survive as well after ejaculation than the sperm containing Y gametes? 




 I spend $80 once a month and she does the whole house, 4 bedrooms + living areas and kitchen (around 6 hours).  It has basically eliminated any resentment I had for my husband for not helping out, and she does all the monthly cleaning tasks I loathe. 




 From what I've heard, layoffs affect those close to retirement age and contract/temp workers first.  Also, lots of companies nowadays don't do the last in-first out thing anymore, it's the low performers. 




 we got the easiest baby ever. If she had been fussy or difficult, I don't know what I would have done.

While I didn't consider myself child-free, I am not the most nurturing person ever.  I have a 6 month old son and I often times feel bad because of how easy he is.  We are strongly considering our son to be an only child because of the whole "what if the next one is a nightmare?" thought process.  I'm not strong mentally, I have anxiety and depression issues.  I really really lucked out with my son, too.  I don't know how I would handle a difficult baby. 




 Every recruiter, HR professional, hiring manager, and CEO/President I've talked to said at the beginning of your career you can afford to job hop and it won't look like you're being flaky or a bad employee.

I just started a new job yesterday, and I've been out of college for 3.5 years.  I've had 3 jobs since then:

1. Contract position as a clerk in the accounting department (7 months)
2. Technical assistant, basic help desk support and applications administration (10 months)
3. Document controller and application administrator (2 years)

Now I just started a job as a Business Systems Analyst, something that took me 4 years to figure out I actually wanted to do.

If she needs to figure out what she wants to do, she may have to hop around a bit, but now is the absolute time to do it.  I only know a small handful of people who stayed at their first few jobs for more than 2 years after college. 




 I really hope they don't send her away immediately like Kenya and Carmen.   




 We had one that was ping pong ball sized but mostly pretty small 




 I'm in Spring and we did.  




 Because if you get there any later, everyone else in the world will be there and you'll be even angrier after you're done.  




 For breakfast, make a huge batch of breakfast tacos and freeze them.

For lunches, taking a frozen meal like lean cuisine or something similar is still cheaper than buying lunch out.

For dinner, I agree with everyone else and go to TJ's for frozen meals. 




 Jobs 




 See if you can find a mini crib!  Those move around really easily, they're smaller so it won't take up a lot of room in your room, and they use mattresses.  Then when the time comes for him to be in his own nursery, the transition won't be too bad
 




 The rock and play is good up to 25 lbs if you want to still use it, just FYI.  Have you tried using an actual crib on a mattress?  If he sleeps well on a mattress with you, why wouldn't he sleep well in a mattress on his own?  3 months is around the time we transitioned Rhys from a bassinet in our room to a crib in his own room.   




 Does he scream/cry when you put him down or just babble?  Does he have a mobile or something to look at when he's in bed awake?  If we put our son in his crib when he's sleepy but still awake, he'll look like he's fighting it for about 10 minutes then fall asleep on his own.   




 If he has type II or pre-diabetes, a ketogenic diet will be most effective and cut down on the sugar cravings (after the initial 2 weeks).   




 When you cut out any other liquids, did you get significant headaches?  Any time I've cut out diet coke I've gotten the worst headaches that don't go away with any medicine and I eventually go back to drinking it. 




 Crystal Light Energy always gets me going. 




 This is mine.  I could devour a whole package just sitting in front of the TV staring into oblivion.  This is why I will only by the gas station 6 packs in case of emergency

 




 Is your username a Selena reference??

Also you're gorgeous!! 




 Oh my word yes, THIS.  Half of my coworkers are from Beijing and about 2/3 of them have that funk breath that you can smell from a few feet away.  The ones that don't have it brush their teeth and rinse with mouthwash after lunch. 




 BRINGING SOMEONE BAAAACK 




 JDF did.  




 She knows she is too.  




 Double win, double elim?????? 




 Oh Max honey no.... 




 DID HER NAIL JUST POP OFF?! 




 NO MAX DONT CRASH AND BURN 




 I mean... She looks funny... 




 Please do little Richard and go home.  




 Electrolysis is truly permanent.  I have PCOS and did LHR and it worked ok, but 2 months after treatment was complete I had to start tweezing again.   




 Pretty well, actually.  Started out as an Engineering major in college.  Failed out of a state school's Engineering program (after a bout of depression and my father's unexpected death), got into a university in my home town after a semester of community college and majored in Math.  Had no idea what I was going to do with a Math degree with no minor (no finance or CS experience).  Everyone suggested I teach, but I had no desire to teach. 

I'm good with computers, and am fairly intelligent and good at interviews, so I went from making $17/hour out of college as data entry (in 2011) to $75k as an application administrator for a big O G company with great advancement prospects.

While I may not be passionate about applications administration, it's not something I completely loathe doing.  I don't mind going to work every day.  I get to travel a couple of times a year to great places for my job, I get great benefits, and I make enough that my family is comfortable (along with my husband's salary).   




 From my own personal experience, AT T U-verse has been shittier than Comcast ever was. 




 Those people who think any mainstream music is below them and brag about how obscure their "top played tracks" on Spotify are. 




 I have the Beco Gemini and love it.  It allows 4 way carrying, and I'm a size 18-20 and it works for me perfectly with plenty of room.  We also used the boba wrap when Rhys was itty bitty and it worked, but he outgrew it pretty quickly.  My husband, who is 350 could use the boba and can use the Beco. 




