 Reminds me of when CM Punk tried to force Lawler to call Punk the "Best in the world." When Lawler refused, he just beat his ass some more.

Punk made that segment a lot better than it had any right being tbqh. 




 Because in boxing, you can always win by knockout no matter how badly you've been getting your ass kicked throughout the fight.

To that point, Muhammad Ali had never been, and never was knocked out, but a lot of times, that was a boxer's only chance against Ali, since he was so technically sound that defeating him by decision was almost impossible. 




 np 




 "Sister [name]" usually implies that a woman is a nun. I've never heard anyone call their actual sister "Sister [name]."

Plus, it's heavily implied that she is dead, and that she was fond of the rocking chair Bray used to have.

She was also a mentor and an apparent mother figure to Bray. She used a rocking chair. All of this implies that she was elderly during the times Bray brings up when he talks about her, which makes it unlikely that she and Wyatt were siblings. 




 And for the record, I'm not just saying this to pick on Cole. I really think he legitimately does not do his job the way he should.

JBL, for example, clearly looks up what will be relevant information and takes notes prior to shows so he can make references during the matches (don't believe me? Watch the 2015 Royal Rumble match). JBL's commentary is so versatile that he once made an ANIMORPHS reference. You never know what you'll get with JBL-- he can make a reference to Japan pro wrestling, NCAA, the NFL, NBA, strongman competitions, the Olympics, boxing, the NWA, AWA, etc. You'll never hear Cole tell us that Big Show defeated Hulk Hogan for the WCW Championship in his first match, because anything prior to around 2 months ago is probably lost on him.

And that's just sports anecdotes. He's poked fun at King for running for mayor, made references to Titan Towers in Stamford, he makes note of historical events that occurred on a given day, and his character actually changes logically over time.

Example: He ripped The Ascension a new one during their segment with the nWo, but since then, and since The Ascension has been as dominant as they have, he's gradually respecting them more.

Cole, meanwhile, was once a Miz fanboy and Daniel Bryan's biggest hater. Now, he's the complete opposite in both regards. Not because of actual character development, but just because he went from heel to face. 




 STINGER! STRIKES! (I'm not sure why I called him "Stinger," and I don't know that his reverse DDT finisher is called the "Scorpion Death Drop")

Although in all fairness, he eventually got it right. Like four months later.

He's also implied that he believes "Sister Abigail" is Bray Wyatt's biological sister, when it's obvious that the clues point to Sister Abigail being a nun or some other woman of the cloth, and not his actual sister. 




 This is pro wrestling, though. You have to go further.

During Stardust's entrance, a planted fan repeatedly shouts "CODY!" at Stardust.

Stardust knocks him clean out with a right hand. "Call me 'Cody' again! CALL ME 'CODY' AGAIN! HE'S **DEAD**!!!" 




  Michael Cole isn't really as horrible as you make him to be. It's just the scripts he's been given are really terrible. He's no J.R. that's for sure but if given the chance I think he can call a match.

As far as the average person goes, no. If 99% of us who give Cole a hard time got on the headset and did commentary, we'd be exponentially worse than Cole.

As far as professional wrestling commentators go, he's below average at best. 




 Except that logic applies to dozens and dozens of wrestlers and even more actors/actresses/performers/etc.

The Ali/Stardust "Don't call me _______ anymore" really only applies to them and maybe a couple other people (~~Pac Man~~ Adam Jones, the NFL player, comes to mind, sorta). 




 We got us a flyin' hater, Maggle!

:-P 




 (translation from Colespeak to English in parentheses)

**Saxton:** You know, Stardust reminds me of Muhammad Ali.

**Cole:** Oh, my God. You did not compare Stardust to Muhammad Ali. (You're the heel on commentary and I'm the face. Therefore, your opinion is completely invalid because it comes off as controversial, and I refuse to even give you the chance to elaborate before mocking you.)

**Saxton:** Here's why, because 50 some-odd years ago, Muhammad Ali said "I'm no longer Cassius Clay-- you refer to me as 'Muhammad Ali,'" and if you didn't obey his wishes, he felt disrespected.

**Cole:** That may be one of the most ridiculous comparisons I've ever heard. Muhammad Ali didn't put on space paint... uh, er-- face paint and start talking in gibberish. (Upon making your point clearer, I've realized that it actually makes sense. Therefore, let's talk about something that you didn't mention at all, like how the two of them dressed respectively.)

***

**JBL:** This whole thing started because Naomi got involved in a match she shouldn't have gotten involved in.

**Cole:** Actually, Natalya got involved first. Obviously you didn't watch the replay. (I have no idea what I'm talking about, but maybe if I talk down to my commentary partner, who obviously has a much better case here than I do... I don't know. I'm Michael Cole and I suck.)

**JBL:** In the replay, it was Naomi getting involved, and then--

**Cole:** Yeah, because Tyson was cheating! (Okay, now it's absurdly obvious that you're right and I'm wrong, so let's pretend that something that doesn't change what happened actually does change what happened. Once again, my name is Michael Cole, and I suck hard on commentary.) 









 Colorblind President presses the big "blue" button, and then re-presses it ten times when it doesn't bring him pancakes. 




 Between beaks, talons, and stingers, that sounds like it could hurt. 




 "What the hell are you doing here?! YOU DIED LIKE THIRTY TIMES DURING THE CAMPAIGN!" 




 Plot twist: Takes place in the South. Actually is her daddy. 




  A reminder: you're not allowed to downvote Reddit comments because you're offended by them or because you don't agree with them.

It's a shame that so many people ignore this rule. It's also a shame that they're (mostly) just smart enough not to downvote 5 comments in 5 seconds, which results in very little that can be done about wrongful downvoting. 




 "Black people get their own month." 




 "They don't just get a real job when you see them sweeping up trash at the country club." 




 If this had been "Their parents didn't get an abortion," it would be a 10/10. 




 *consoles crying mother after the funeral of a loved one, which you were unable to attend because of work*

"I know. I know it's hard... I'm just sorry I couldn't come..." 




 *complains to the ticket dealer after a premier main-event boxing match ended less than halfway through the first round*

"It's not my fault it only lasted 30 seconds. You're not getting your money back." 




 What do you use and what dosage? I hope this isn't against the rules, but I know that what worked for me was just finding the right dosage that makes me tired enough to sleep but doesn't keep me asleep until 5 PM the next day. 




 I have the exact same problem. Do you have health insurance? If so, you should talk to your doctor. I'm sure he/she would have no problem prescribing a simple sleep aid to help you get a good night's rest at night. 




 As far as my psychological/emotional needs, I have almost nothing right now, and you know this. My doctor diagnosed me with severe depression and anxiety over two years ago, and she and I have made close to no progress since then at fighting it.

I know your family comes from the South originally, so you probably grew up being told that depression and other psychological illnesses aren't "real," and that people who claim to have them are making excuses for being weak. That's not the case. Doctors get paid to know things like this-- please listen to what they say.

I know I have luxuries-- I live alone in a house that you own, and you don't charge me rent. You pay my bills. You even treat me to things I don't need. Thanks to you, I have an Xbox 360, an Xbox One, and more games than I know what to do with.

But you also know that there's a lot I don't have. My only emotional caregiver, your first wife and my biological mother, passed away when I was 13. I never got over it, and I don't know if you have or haven't, but you know how close I was to her, so you can imagine the emotional plunge that I took when I lost her 13 years ago.

Eventually, around five years ago, I became close to my older cousin, and he and I pretty much became best friends. He was such a positive person that it was almost impossible to be depressed around him. We were as close as brothers.

He died in a car accident two years ago. He was your brother's son, and you're very close to all of your siblings, so I know you understand how I feel about losing him. It's almost identical to what I went through when mom passed away.

Despite having the two most positive emotional influences in my life ripped away from me, I tried to stay positive. I tried to do the right thing. My grades slipped when I was a teenager, so I never graduated high school, but I still applied for and attended the local community college.

The work was far more difficult, if not tedious, than I had anticipated, and I felt overwhelmed. I told you this, and you understood and suggested that I withdraw until I was ready to maybe try again. I thank you for that.

After that, one of my friends (and his girlfriend) moved in with me in the house I'm in now. They were both psychology majors, so they actually understood my problems, and they were fun to be around. They helped mitigate my emotional problems.

Then, a misunderstanding (it had nothing to do with the girl-- don't worry) caused a falling out a little over a year ago. He and I haven't spoken since.

As you can see, every source of emotional comfort that I've had is being taken away from me. I don't believe in God, and I know you don't like that, but at the same time, I can't help but feel as if I'm being picked on.

Right now, as I've said, with the three aforementioned people being taken away from me in one way or another, I have no emotional support from anyone. My health insurance plan ran out recently, and the process to apply for a new plan is taking far longer than either of us expected (however, when I did have insurance, you made sure that I had all my prescription medications and was able to see my doctor regularly, and I owe you a lot for that).

In the present day, as of right now, I'm bordering on a massive panic attack everyday. I feel like crying 24 hours a day, even when doing things that I enjoy (which is sometimes, counterintuitively, a major chore). I don't have any friends. I never leave the house. I have no money. I have nothing to purge the emotional turmoil I endure on a daily basis. I sleep at night like most people do, and I sleep periodically during the day because it's the only way I know to escape the inevitable depression and anxiety I go through at all times. I can only handle it for so many hours at a time.

I know I have you. And I appreciate everything you do for me. You do everything that you can. But you and I both know that you're not a nurturer. I don't hold that against you, either, just to be clear. That was what mom did for me, while you and I had fun doing typical father-son things, and we still do. We had a blast watching the Super Bowl three weeks ago and casually talking trash to one another, along with my uncles and cousins. I value those times with you-- please don't think otherwise.

The problem is that I've tried to explain my emotional issues to you, and you don't seem to understand. You don't get how I can have all day, everyday, to myself and not get anything constructive done around the house on a consistent basis.

I've tried to explain this to you in the best way I can think to put it: Video games are probably my favorite hobby, and, as I mentioned in passing earlier, it's sometimes a chore to turn on one of my consoles and play a game and have fun. __It's difficult for me to do things that I *enjoy*.__ Imagine how hard it is for me to do things that I *hate* doing, like cleaning, or looking for a job, or working, or doing schoolwork.

I love you. You do far more than you have to for me, even if you do have a short temper at times and seem to be stubborn about my emotional problems. I've always considered this to be something that can't be said until you're in a situation that calls for it, but I know with almost no doubt that I would die for you. I would step in front of a bullet to keep you from being shot. I owe you my life. It's that simple.

I just want you to try a little harder to understand what's wrong with me and why. I know that you can't be for me what my mother was-- no one can do everything. But I do need help. Professional help. And once I get that help, hopefully, I'll be "cured" of my depression and anxiety. Once that happens, I'll likely be a far more productive person, and I'll be able to function much better than I do now. I'll clean the house regularly. I'll go to school. I'll shower everyday. I'll get a job. I'll pay rent and pay my own bills.

I just need you to be patient until I become healthy enough to get to that point. Please. I can't explain how much that would mean to me.

I hope you understand my plight. Or perhaps I'm being unfair; I feel as if I should keep an open mind since I'm asking you to do the same.

__Maybe we should let /r/depression be the judge of whether or not I receive too much and give too little. Let them opine on the possibility that maybe I'm asking too much of you. Feel free to post your thoughts, Redditors. I won't take offense to anything. I already feel nearly worthless.__

If I am, I sincerely apologize, and I'll do whatever I can to fix it.

Once again, I love you, and I know you love me as well. But not only do I love you, I *need* you. I need your support to pull myself from this abyss of depression and into the life of a functional adult.

Thanks for everything, dad. I won't ever be able to repay you, but I know I'll try once I get healthy. I promise. 




 That's fine, bro. You're doing me a (huge) favor. I'm on your time.

You're the man. I'll be waiting patiently, and I'll probably send you the feedback while you're at work so you'll have it when you get off. 




 Ha. Have fun I did. I never thought I'd say this, but I think maybe you were a little *too* dramatic.

Would you mind doing a quick re-take? I can give you specific feedback that should help us find the balance I'm looking for.

Hope that's not asking too much. 




  If you need therapy the suicide hotline has trained people willing to listen to your problems

I should have specified. Yes, I do need therapy. Would it even be fair for me to call a suicide hotline considering the fact that I'm not suicidal at all? 




 Everyday is pretty much just a struggle to keep from having a severe mental breakdown. I can't do anything at all, even things that I enjoy, because my brain will find some way to get depressed no matter what happens. I need therapy or even something that remotely resembles it.

I'm not sure I can make it 6-8 weeks. 




 Unfortunately, no, I won't be profiting monetarily from this, so I can't offer payment. 




 Here's a sample:

*These men are neither gods nor telepaths. Their fiery glares are fully incapable of slaying the enemy. And yet... these nearly omnipotent athletes possess their own litany of extraordinary abilities. Abilities which eerily resemble those of other men who refuse acquiescence to the very __notion__ of physical limitation... magicians whose artistic lethality can __slash__ a foe to shreds with __surgical precision__ and the __sharpest__ of cuts.*

The entire narration is approximately 423 words (will provide a Google Docs link via PM for anyone who is interested). I say "approximately" because I'm constantly changing little things in the writing, but it'll always be somewhere around the 400-500 word range (roughly a page in Microsoft Word).

As you can probably tell from the sample, I'm going for drama (something like a cinematic movie trailer for a big-time film), so try to keep that in mind when utilizing inflection, etc. I need the tone to be set for the viewer to say to themselves "This is about to be epic" when hearing the voiceover.

If anyone has any questions, feel free to ask either here or via PM. Whichever you prefer.

Thanks in advance. 




 Does "incapable" by itself already imply that it's 100% impossible, thus making the adjective "fully" unnecessary? 




 PM'd 




 I don't have any experience with music editing programs. This is probably the only time I'm gonna need this, so I figured it'd be more practical to just pay someone to do it. 




 PM me for details. I know it sounds weird. I'm not even sure if this is possible tbqh, so if any music editing experts are reading this and don't think it is, feel free to let me know.

Thanks.

**EDIT:** 4 hours later, this job is still available at the time of this edit. 




 Using sidesteps, his sways/dodges/ducks, etc., to avoid attacks and punish whiffs?

I'm not gonna lie to you guys-- ever since I saw [this](http://i.imgur.com/9qDadx8.gif), I've wanted to be able to use Steve like that. I know it's wholly unrealistic to think I'll ever be able to do that at will (or even close to it), but they wouldn't have put his defensive moves in the game if it weren't possible to an extent.

[This also inspired me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzRlsEdj69s).

I play Tekken Tag Tournament 2 on Xbox 360, BTW. Gamertag Ray AP9 if you want to send me a FR. 




  He doesn't let me feel sorry for myself or wallow and it really helps me be mindful of my mental state and "snap out of it" when I have the ability to do so.

This is good support. It's bad to tell someone to get over it and not let something bother them. It's good to actually HELP them do so. 




 That makes perfect sense. It's like if you're walking down the street in miserable weather, and then it starts raining. You don't have an umbrella, but someone else who does have one berates you for getting wet. 




 Am I that weak, or are emotions not something that are like dimmer switches where we can tune them and adjust their severity at will?

I'm very confused. 









 How can you look at the replay and say I'd have been sacked anyway? Like I said, everyone else got picked up, and I was gonna throw that pass to Hoomanawanui immediately. 




 Damn, that might have been an amazing idea in that situation. I'm usually not scared to run screens, either. Probably a slip screen in that situation, or maybe a bubble. But most likely a slip, possibly from under center. Good chance for a TD. 




 Yeah, no kiddin. Ugh. That was 4th and inches on the first possession of overtime too. I considered a QB sneak, but his tendency to run commit made me go with the PA. 




 Ah, I see. Yeah, that might have been a good idea. Honestly, I was just venting (even though I still feel that what happened wasn't cool), but I can definitely learn from this. 




 What do you mean? I know what "under center" means (non-shotgun), but I don't see what you're saying. 




  right through your offensive line

But that's not what happened. Everyone else got picked up. It was only Solder who went DURRR on me and completely, absolutely whiffed on his block in a way I didn't even think was possible for an NFL player. 




 He probably wouldn't have called run commit if he saw me in the gun.

I *wanted* him to run commit. That's what opened the door for my receivers to get open. 




 Absolutes aside, it's most likely because when you have to focus on staying awake, you're tired as hell, and when you have to focus on going to sleep, you're not sleepy. That's what makes it a struggle. The situation, not the thoughts. 









 I had everything set up just the way I wanted. Playaction fake inside the five on 4th and inches after he had been calling run commit in run situations all game.

Fullback (47) was gonna be open. I knew it. Go look and see if I'm wrong.

If everyone gets a hat on a hat, I know I'll have time to float a quick pass to the fullback. He doesn't get to the end zone, or he drops it, I can live with that.

What I *can't* live with is that his calling run commit made my left tackle (77, to the right of 81) forget that he's playing football. If he picks up that block, I'm definitely protected long enough to get that pass to Hooman.

Funny. And by "funny," I mean "not funny." 









 No disrespect, but I think your statement is incorrect, at the very least since you've phrased it as an absolute. 




 It's in the constitution that church and state shall remain separate. Public schools thus are not in a position to teach creationism.

Also, "theory" in non-scientific terms is not the same as "theory" in scientific terms. 




 Anger is usually born of other, negative emotions-- insecurity, vulnerability, weakness, etc. Targeting inanimate objects violently makes us (usually men, as they have more testosterone and are thus more aggressive) feel empowered again.

What's going to satisfy the savage desires of someone who's reached his breaking point? Kicking a door off its hinges and feeling like a badass or punching a pillow and watching a feather or two float gently down to the bed as a result of your unmitigated rage?

**The more visible destruction one causes when lashing out angrily, the more satisfying it is for the person in question, while in the moment.** True or false?

And yes, usually, lashing out physically is not the answer, but holding in feelings of powerlessness and such can be bad as well. 




 Normally, people who struggle with emotional stability (and can't stay happy) are told to do the things that they enjoy the very most when they start to feel under the weather psychologically, but my level of emotional sensitivity doesn't allow me to do that without often traumatic results.

If anything at all goes wrong, it can and will ruin my mood at the moment, for the day, or even for the week. If a video-game session doesn't go exactly like I wanted, if the pizza I ordered isn't made the way I had hoped, if I want to play with my cat and she bites me because she wants to be left alone... things like these (mostly, but not always) make me want to crawl in a hole and cry, as if something tragic had happened.

Living life for me is like tip-toeing around a field of landmines everywhere I go, which makes me want to do the only thing I know won't set off my anxiety-- lay in bed, in the dark, and do absolutely nothing.

This, by the way, is with the help of anti-depressants and anti-anxiety medication. Which seem like it will turn into a pipe dream soon, since I have no health insurance and can't afford any since I'm unemployed.

I have no idea how to manage this. I always see the "Breathe" disclaimer at the top of this page, but it rarely feels like everything will be fine if I just relax and take deep breaths. I feel like bursting into tears 24 hours a day (since even if I *don't* have a good reason for feeling like shit, my brain decides to do so just for the hell of it), and I wish I knew how to deal with it other than my current solution that involves complete cessation of activity. 




 Let's see...

* Ghost Rider
* Captain America
* Spencer
* Dante
* Deadpool
* Chris
* Spider-Man
* Hulk
* Vergil
* Thor
* Trish
* Iron Man
* Wesker
* Hawkeye

I think that about covers it 




 Plot twist: Breaking News Barrett 




 I have some free time right now if you're on 




 I'm such a newb, I'll need help building a team to start with 




  It was fucking bullshit. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3-_J22CBZk 




 Ah, I gotcha. Reigns *did* say that they would coexist in their tag match even after the accidental dropkick, so you do have a point. 




 How did they end up separating as a team? I can't remember. 




 As was The Wyatt Family's, although Bray did mistreat Rowan when they crossed paths after their dissolution. That kind of disappointed me; I loved how Wyatt didn't use Harper/Rowan to help him win matches and actually acted as a protector to them (good example is at WrestleMania, when Cena speared Harper through the barricade-- Wyatt's first instinct was to completely forget about the match and check on Harper). 




 They did? Last I remember, [Raw went off the air with Daniel Bryan crumpled in a heap, grasping his ribs after taking a Spear from Reigns.](/spoiler) 




 I can't right now, sorry. I'm free all this week, though. Should I add you? 




 **EDIT:** I'm on Xbox 360 and my gamertag is Ray AP9. Sorry for failing to mention this initially.

I learn a lot better from actually seeing things happen and talking directly to someone at the same time, as opposed to reading strategy guides or watching videos.

Is there anyone who wouldn't mind helping me with this? We can start a private chat, set the time limit to Infinity, and basically go through anything you're willing to show me.

Thanks. 




 "Dude, it was an accident!"

"You know DAMN WELL that was no accident!"

"I'm telling you, I didn't mean to hit you! Look at the replay! [points to TitanTron]"

"Hmm. Whatever. Just watch out next time. [leaves ring without incident]" 




  Heat of the moment plus a newfound hard attitude doesn't equal a lot of goodwill for your upcoming opponent in the biggest match of your career.

From Reigns' perspective, seeing things from inside the ring as opposed to from our vantage point, yeah, I can definitely see how he could think it was intentional.

But after watching TEN replays from THREE angles, Cole keeps asking if it was an accident. Are you watching what the cameras are recording, you dork? 




 Kane was between Daniel Bryan and Roman Reigns, and Bryan went for the dropkick in Kane's direction. Bryan was almost already in mid-air when Kane moved and Roman caught the dropkick in the corner.

How the hell could that NOT be an accident? Do they think Kane and Bryan conspired to stage that entire sequence so DB could dropkick Reigns while appearing to have done so unintentionally? There's no way Bryan could have had the reaction time or the physical ability to stop his momentum before hitting Reigns. 




  Also, when you were usering the LB when he scrambled to the left, don't fall for the bait like you did every time. 

What bait, exactly? Most of the times, that receiver was open, so I had to choose between following the receiver and following Wilson. I was able to get an interception on one play by attacking Wilson and making him think that receiver was open, when he actually had a CB hawking him.

Thanks for the advice, BTW. 




 Appreciate the feedback, bro.

Here's something to ponder, though-- most people who run no-huddle online (I assume) will run it as long as they have success. They're not thinking "Oh, he's in Nickel 3-3-5, I can exploit this." They just use it because they think it'll make things harder for the defense.

But you definitely made some good points. One reason I didn't blitz much (I usually blitz a little less than half the time) is because he was getting rid of the ball quickly, before my blitzes could get there.

Any suggestions in that regard? I tried jamming his wideouts (Seattle's receivers are not good at beating the press), zone blitz, etc., but couldn't really get to him in time. 




 I might give that a shot. I was kind of in a rush with this. I also thought it was important to show which plays I picked and what happened at the line of scrimmage before the snap. 




 The video is about 16 minutes long and consists of five drives in a game in which I allowed 50 points. **I expect most people to not have the patience to watch the whole video**, so really, all I'm asking is to watch one, maybe two drives in the video and offer some constructive criticism. Let me know what I did right and what I did wrong and how I can improve. I record my games so I can go back and look at how I performed, and I can't figure out what's wrong with my defense.

Thanks. 









 Is a panic attack dependent on physical symptoms or psychological symptoms? Because there are lots of times when I feel a large amount of internal anger/rage, increase in heart rate, knots in my stomach, and basically an overall desire to destroy everything around me to alleviate the gamut of emotions I'm feeling at the time (correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm almost positive that Hulking out would qualify as a panic attack). A lot of times, though, I'm able to avert the expected physical reaction to these feelings, and more or less enter a state of catatonia where I'm focusing all my energy on not lashing out-- the result is emotional turmoil on the inside, and eerie serenity on the outside.

The reason I ask is because psychologists and psychiatrists always ask, as I'm sure you all know, "How often do you have panic attacks?", blah blah, and I never know how to answer. I go through the above somewhat frequently, but I don't know if that that would be considered a true panic attack or not. 




 I can't do anything at all, and it's been that way for a long time. I'll elaborate below.

First, it's important to know that I have something that a lot of people my age don't have-- tons of freedom and the privilege of doing whatever I want for most of my day on a regular basis. Yay! Sounds awesome, right?

Let's sprinkle a little severe depression on top of that, with a side of anxiety and the untimely deaths of those closest to you, and then see how awesome it is.

* See how awesome it is to go get a pizza and have it made slightly differently than you wanted. **Depressed.**

* Have a really bad itch for no reason. **Depressed.**

* Cat doesn't want to play with you. **Depressed.**

* Find out you missed a sale on something you wanted to buy. **Depressed.**

* Computer crashes while you were typing something that's not even really important, and it didn't save. **DE-FUCKIN-PRESSED.**

There is absolutely nothing I can do with my free time, other than lay in the dark doing nothing, that doesn't have the (very high) potential to completely fuck up my day, or sometimes my week.

I find that people tend to judge in this situation, because it's difficult to handle responsibilities when a person goes through this (if things I *like* to do cause me pain, why would I even take a chance on things I *don't* want to do?). It seems quite easy to judge when you're not someone who's constantly surrounded by psychological landmines, even in places that I'd consider "safe" or "comforting." 

Now if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go cry myself to sleep and do my best to make sure this doesn't turn into a suicide note.

**EDIT:** Well, that didn't help at all. I have no idea what to do. Not a clue. Everything I do could possibly, and easily, blow up in my face and ravage me psychologically (and this includes anything I'd do to try to *improve* my mood).

Looks like me and the emptiness of oblivion are gonna get to know each other real well. Here's to spending the majority of whatever's left of my life doing absolutely nothing just to keep from having a massive panic attack on a regular basis.

Cheers. 




 I actually meant a plastic bottle. 




  i'm sorry, but i'm a bit confused about not asking your parents? i know you said not to ask and i'm not expecting an explanation... but i think it would be a good idea to ask your parents or any trusted family member or friend for help. someone may be able to lend you a bit of money to afford some of the meds while you sort it out. i'm sorry if thar contradicts what you were trying to say but it seems like it would help you get what you need.

I'm generally more dependent on my parents than I should be. I have no car and no driver's license, and I'm even worse at dealing with my emotional turmoil on my own. But at the same time, asking other people for help makes me feel bad because I don't want anyone to be forced to deal with my problems, since they have their own already. So I feel trapped between my choices in that context.

 if you dont mind me asking, how much are your pills without insurance?

I don't mind you asking, but I have no idea how much they cost without my health insurance. The pharmacy's website won't tell me, and I just haven't called them. I just feel lazy lately. 









 My family physician doesn't want to be my de facto therapist because that's not her field of expertise. She complained that I asked too much of her and used too much of her time when I made appointments with her. For a $25 copay, I apparently only get 15 minutes of face time with the doc. Fine, whatever.

Her office gives me the number of a clinic from which to get help. I call them-- they ascertain that they can't help me based on an evaluation done over the phone, but they give me the information of three OTHER clinics that might be able to help.

I leave a voice message with one, and I'm told that I'll get a response within a day or two. This was last Monday.

I call another. They don't accept the health insurance I had at the time.

The third is too far away from my home.

My physician, the same from above, also told me that she authorized my prescription for Klonopin at my local pharmacy. The pharmacy says otherwise. I was trying to get it before my insurance (provided through my father's employer until I'm 26 years old-- I turned 26 on Friday) ran out. Didn't happen. Now I'm alone in my bedroom every night trying to sleep and failing miserably, plus the physical symptoms that I'm going through from the withdrawal. The only way I can describe it is to say that I get extremely short (one or two seconds at the most) seizures/convulsions. It disrupts my concentration and stops me from doing whatever I was doing at the moment, and it feels like I got an electric shock to the brain. Sounds fun, right?

My anxiety is also killing my ability to function like a normal human, and asking my parents for support just makes me feel worse because I don't want to spread my anxiety to them by giving them reason to worry about me. I've never thought about suicide or self-harm, and that's one thing that I take solace in: the fact that no one who cares about me has to wonder if I'll hurt myself in any way. So when my dad asks at 4 AM if I'll be okay by myself until the morning because he's worried I'll do something self-destructive, that adds to the whirlwind of anxiety I'm already going through. The simple solution would be to just not bother my parents, right? It would be if I was equipped to handle major problems on my own. Don't ask. It'll make me feel worse to explain why.

I applied for Medicaid on the 5th of January in anticipation of my insurance expiring. I've been waiting since then and lost my patience last week, called them up and, in so many words, asked them what the fuck is taking so long.

"We have 30 days to process your application, sir."

I can't *wait* 30 days. I can't wait a week to get a return call. I can't wait two weeks for my psychological evaluation to be completed so I can be told that I have to go somewhere else. I need help NOW.

Even if I *get* help, all of it becomes irrelevant if I can't get a new insurance plan. If that happens, everything's NOT going to end up fine despite the message that I see at the top of this page as I type this message. 

I have *no idea what to do.* 




 Scumbag Brain always wins. 









 Could I have said it better myself?

No. I could not have. 









 I'm in kind of a clothesline-y mood, so [here's a good one from Cena](http://i.imgur.com/wKqe0bb.gifv) 




 Oooooh, that's a good one.

EDIT: You're not talking about that running body block he does, are you? I don't think that would count as a clothesline. 




 Just hearing him on the mic made me mark out. His mic skills saved a segment that was going downhill *fast*. 




 You're definitely entitled to your opinion. It wouldn't be right for you to get flamed because you have a different opinion.

Who do you think does have the best clothesline? Maybe Ryback? Dean Ambrose? 









 I'm not following this one 




 I think you're giving the human race too much credit tbh. 




 I don't even understand what he/she is trying to say. All I can imagine is someone sitting on the couch in front of their TV, with an antenna not hooked up to anything, moving it around to try to pick up a signal like people do with their cell phones. 




 Plot twist-- they all lied. 




 Bro, she got 100%. Don't be so insensitive. That's like, almost the highest score you can get.

\#Bugginandhatinonaquizcuzyouprobablyneverevenmadeittogradschoolandflippinburgersatmcdonaldslookinass 




 Oh look, someone went and downvoted all of my posts in this thread.

I love you too, bro. 




 Apparently, some chick thought that all the "#12" insignias for the Seahawks meant they had a "hella fine" player who wore jersey number 12, when in reality, it represents their crowd, known collectively as "The 12th man" (football is played 11-on-11, so the crowd almost gives the Seahawks the advantage of an extra player in the way they support the team).

Sidenote: Since when do stupid chicks even bother with football players' looks? They wear helmets during the game so you have to watch often to see what they look like. The only player considered universally good-looking in the NFL, even by people who don't watch, is Tom Brady AFAIK. 




  No I'm not saying Obama is **a Muslim**

I believe what you mean is "of terrorist descent." 




 Speaking of which, I always find the prospect of calling a baby "Brock" really, really weird. "Brock" is like the manliest name ever. 




 I want to know which non-cosmic beings can be argued as stronger than The Hulk and why. 




 I don't see why not. The strongest man in a strongman competition is the one who can lift the most weight. I don't understand why that doesn't apply here. The only exceptions would be beings who are tens of thousands of feet tall or more (Celestials, Galactus), but they can't even really be measured. What are they gonna do, juggle planets to prove their strength? 




 Latter 




 How can they even be measured? 




 I'm just speaking of strength regarding how much a character can lift. 




  So Brock is a human/bear hybrid, you say?

If his father walked on all fours, I wouldn't be surprised. 




 But why isn't it as simple as:

The Hulk has lifted 150 billion tons. No one else has. Hulk strongest there is. 




  Wyatt is an interesting character.

"The False Prophet." Which happens to be one third of what Christianity recognizes as the Unholy Trinity (the other two being Satan and the Anti-Christ), and perhaps not just a nickname based on the fact that he lies and claims to know things he doesn't.

:O ... 




  The Kane/broken mirror thing is the best one though. I need to know if that was intentional. It's absolute genius.

:D I agree. It's definitely the one I'm most proud of.

And to think it came from a random thought along the lines of "I wonder what happened for the next seven years after Kane broke that mirror... nah, that'd be too crazy."

Then I looked it up anyway because my life is very unexciting. _

I'll also definitely look into Cody Rhodes' character per your insight. 




 I don't think what you can do with a weapon means much towards physical strength when another being can do the same thing barehanded. 




 "[Coincidence Or Not?"](http://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/wiki/coincidence) is a list of various kayfabe occurrences that, if written into the plot intentionally, would be brilliant on the part of the creative team. However, these could also simply be coincidence as well. It's up to you to decide which you believe.

This is the first of what will hopefully be many updates. They'll most likely all be text posts, with the added entries posted here in the OP, and a link to the wiki itself (usually the very first three words of the OP will also be a link to the wiki), so you can decide if you want to read the whole thing, or just the new stuff.

The title of each update thread will also include all the wrestlers who received new entries in the wiki itself, which will hopefully allow users to decide preemptively whether or not they want to bother checking out the newest additions.

Also, to mods and Redditors in general: Don't worry about me spamming this sub with updates. I'll probably only post an update thread once every two weeks at the most. Hopefully that's not too much.

Hope you enjoy.

---

**Kane:**

**Those Who Do Not Learn From History...**

Everything in the entry [about Kane's initial unmasking and his de-humanization] was created by a chain of events that began with an offer. The offer was Triple H's. He offered Kane a spot in Evolution. A shrewd plan born of psychological genius, Triple H would effectively eliminate one of the biggest threats to his World Heavyweight Championship if Kane accepted his offer ("If you can't beat 'em... make 'em join you").

"Stone Cold" Steve Austin, who was "Sheriff" of Raw at the time, proved just as cunning as Triple H, and countered The Game's offer with an offer of his own: If Kane were to refuse to join Evolution, he would be awarded a match for the World Heavyweight Championship. Kane, a major babyface at the time, took Austin's offer, but would ultimately lose to Triple H (and the rest of Evolution... and a sledgehammer).

Kane's decision not to join Evolution sent him down one of the darkest phases of his career, destroyed him psychologically, and completely transformed him for the worse.

Now fast-forward to present day. On October 28, 2013, Kane relinquished his mask to Stephanie McMahon and offered his services to Triple H's newest power stable, The Authority.

Kane had apparently learned from his previous experience, and what he learned is this: When Triple H has power, *he always wins*. Fighting against him is a bad idea to the point of possibly being stupid, and history has proven that.

He didn't wait for Triple H or Stephanie to offer him a place within The Authority. He surrendered what is essentially the physical embodiment of his identity in an attempt to ensure that history did not repeat itself.

Long story short: Kane learned (from the events that occurred when he first unmasked) not to fuck with Triple H and aligned himself with The Game before he could go after him for whatever reason his evil, brilliant mind could think of, and he's a lot better off than guys like Cena, Ryback, Dolph Ziggler, Erick Rowan, and Randy Orton right now.

---

**Randy Orton:**

**Evolution Into a Loner**

Randy Orton's current character is that of a severely asocial and antisocial (and sociopathic... and mentally disturbed... you get the point) loner. In kayfabe, he has very few friends, if any at all, and those friends tend to only serve as business partners-- i.e., The Authority. His relationships with other superstars are shaky to say the least, and the positive ones tend not to last very long. He's also been known to attack other wrestlers, for seemingly no reason, at any time he chooses.

But how did he become this way? As we always do, let's blame Triple H!

Seriously. It's quite possibly Triple H's fault. Randy Orton was accepted into the Evolution stable, which was his first major wrestling "family" in the ring as an active competitor. They brought him in and treated him like a brother.

Then he was severely beaten, seemingly week after week, following his excommunication from the group. All because he won the World Heavyweight Championship. The men he considered more than friends stabbed him hard in the back and didn't feel the tiniest bit of remorse for it.

How would this affect someone as psychologically volatile as Randy Orton? It would cause him to develop trust issues, which explain his distancing himself from other wrestlers and attacking other wrestlers for no reason (his de facto motto of "Strike First" isn't just there because it's catchy-- Evolution struck first in 2004 and Orton's not willing to have that happen again).

It probably also made him angry and bitter at the world, with a lot of inner rage and frustration (due to the fact that he didn't deserve to have his first world championship reign sabotaged by a man he trusted), all of which boil over to create the moments of insane, cold-blooded violence that he's known for.

---

**AJ Lee, Dolph Ziggler, Kaitlyn:**

[After Dolph Ziggler gave AJ a scathing monologue about herself in November of 2012, AJ cut the *exact same promo, VERBATIM,* to Kaitlyn, *seven months later*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEUenwM-yRw feature=youtu.be) ([credit](http://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/comments/1g6a7e/ajs_promo_on_kaitlyn_was_the_one_dolph_cut_on_her/) to /u/HulkHoganNude, and credit to /u/ThatIndianGuy7116 for making me aware of the thread)

---

**Brock Lesnar:**

Brock Lesnar's motto circa 2014 was "Eat. Sleep. Conquer. Repeat." He also had a shirt that read "Paul Heyman ~~Guy~~ **Beast**." Lesnar may literally be just that, in-character.

He's been described as a "carnivore" (amongst other wild-animal-related metaphors), and according to Paul Heyman:

*"When Brock Lesnar steps into the ring, Brock Lesnar doesn't hear anybody but three people: (1) the referee, who has the power to disqualify him, (2) Paul Heyman, who strategizes his greatest victories, and (3) the suffering of his victims, like [John Cena] suffered at Brock Lesnar's hands at SummerSlam."*

Lesnar, like a wild animal, does only what's necessary for survival. Nothing more and nothing less. All animals need to **eat** and **sleep**, and aggressive animals (i.e., most carnivores) have to establish superiority in their habitat (**conquer**), at which point they **repeat** the cycle all over again.

The aforementioned T-shirt supports this theory-- someone apparently looked at the original design and said to themselves, "Lesnar doesn't even act like a man from bell to bell. He's more wild animal than human being." Thus, no longer a Paul Heyman "guy." He's Paul Heyman's *beast*. It's, perhaps, how he was able to defeat John Cena so decisively at SummerSlam of 2014. Cena has beaten lots of men in WWE. He's probably never actually faced a man with the body and mindset of a wild, ruthless, near-uncontrollably violent monster. It's almost like wrestling a human/grizzly bear hybrid-- human intelligence and the predatory instincts of a beast. It's no wonder he was so dominant in 2014. 




 So if no one has surpassed his most galactic feats of strength, how can you say he's *not* the strongest being in the MCU? 




 Are you saying that other characters have bested The Hulk's greatest feats of strength? 




 I mean, I may be wrong, but [somehow, I doubt it](http://www.incrediblehulkonline.com/mediumsecretwarsstrength.jpg) 









  and their reactions to Borat's antics were genuine.

Exactly. I knew this was the case (to the person/people in this thread who implied the entire movie was staged).

I was just genuinely shocked that people, even ultra-conservative southerners, would say the things some of them said during the movie. I assumed they had to be unaware they were being filmed. 




 No. 




 So, Americans are willing to say and do racist, homophobic and overall bigoted things on camera, knowing that they *are* on camera.

Um... 




 Who films the different scenes that occur throughout the movie? There appear to be at least two different cameramen that can record from multiple angles, but no one in the film ever mentions that "Borat" is traveling with one or more cameramen. 




 Such as...? 




 I read about how there are different types of characters whose strategies should differ from one another based on their moves, assists, and misc. abilities (like flying or double-jumping).

One example I always had in my head was Wolverine vs Hulk. Wolverine is a rushdown character who's going to try to overwhelm you on the inside with fierce combos, and Hulk is a power character who can do WAY more damage than Wolverine but doesn't have his combo ability or his speed.

Since Wolverine is so small, I was hoping that, for instance, if he's on the inside (I'm using Hulk) and he's hammering me with combos, and I get one good heavy strike to connect, he should go flying across the screen, since it's literally The Hulk, and Wolverine is like 5'3 and "only" around 300 pounds.

But then, if I throw that same heavy strike against someone like Haggar, he would take the blow differently than Wolverine and would not go sailing clear across the screen.

That's how a fight between Hulk and Wolverine would go, wouldn't it? Wolverine would do his best to avoid Hulk's attacks and keep him at bay with a flurry of offense, and then inevitably, Hulk would bitch-smack him about 20 feet away, at which point Wolverine gets up and rushes right back in.

Maybe I'm being too picky, but I just wish that the character who's the strongest being in the entire MCU would be able to have not only the advantage of doing heavy damage due to his size and strength, but also being able to overpower small, rushdown characters with one move that would force them outside and create space. It'd be realistic, fun to see visually, and a good, fair gameplay aspect in my opinion. 



















  Well, you're buying things to make you happy, not because owning the item will make your life any easier/more enjoyable.

That's exactly what I meant. Things that I will use repeatedly, sometimes for years and years on end. New video games, new video game console accessories (a PVR, maybe a Kinect, etc.), maybe going shopping for some new clothes that I really like, but definitely making sure not to overspend.

tbqh, I feel like that's not even an issue. If anything, I'm prone to spend too little than to spend too much. I've been on both ends of the monetary spectrum-- I've had more money than I knew what to do with and I've been dirt poor without a single cent to my name. I *do not* want to go back to the latter, *ever*, so blowing money on stuff that isn't worth it probably won't happen to me (key word being "probably"-- no one's perfect, of course). 




  you will end up with stuff you don't want/need

How do you figure? 




 It's not a need, it's a want. That's what separates necessities from luxuries. 




 I'm sorry to hear that. It's good that you've learned from the experience, though. 




 How so? 




 And I don't mean as a permanent fix, but just a consistent trend of "Buy new stuff, feel less depressed for a little while." 




 During the Civil War, Robert E. Lee (of the Confederacy/the South) documented, in writing, the plans for his army's strategy over the course of several of the following months.

He gave the document to Stonewall Jackson, among others. Jackson gave copies to his commanders, one of whom put them in a cigar box and left it on the ground. Then completely forgot about them.

Long story short, a Union soldier found the cigar box (only bothering with it because "Free cigars!"), and found the document. He would relay the paperwork to a Union general, who recognized Robert E. Lee's handwriting, and knew that he pretty much had a "How to beat the piss out of us" guide straight from the Confederacy.

The Union won the war handily shortly afterward, following the Battle of Antietam.

If the soldier from the North had just ignored the box, the South would have stood a chance, and may have possibly won the war. 




 And what would have happened had the Mongols successfully invaded Japan instead of being turned back *twice in eight years* by a typhoon said to occur "once every hundred years" at the most? 




 That's because a happy Hitler would result in the immediate thought "Who the fuck is Adolf Hitler?"

On the down side, there'd be no "Vader vs Hitler" Epic Rap Battle trilogy. I don't even wanna think about that. Those raps were epic. 




 Muhammad Ali's bike never gets stolen from him as a small child, which is what inspired him to take up boxing (so he could "whoop" the thief)

Adolf Hitler doesn't get rejected from art school. 'Nuff said, really.

Franz Ferdinand's car never takes a wrong turn, leading him right to Gavrilo Princip after Princip's first failed assassination attempt. Apparently, assassins don't miss twice. 









 It's an "End of the world scenarios" information site 




 I'll vouch for insane. 




 Which would be a list of in-storyline occurrences that you'd think are brilliant if written into the show intentionally, but could also easily be coincidences. For example:

1. [Kane broke a mirror before his Mask vs Title match against Triple H. He then went through seven years of bad luck, and immediately after the seventh year ended, he went on a winning streak and soon after, he won the World Heavyweight Championship.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/comments/1nhqjv/on_062303_kane_broke_a_mirror_backstage_before/)

2. Paige and AJ were, at one time, fierce rivals. AJ's theme features lyrics about creating stars. Paige's theme is based on the idea of tearing stars from the sky.

3. Randy Orton's previous theme song, "Burn in My Light," features the lyrics:

    1. **"Nothing you can say, nothing's gonna change what you've done to me"**    
(possible reference to Evolution's betrayal and excommunication of Orton, and the fact that Orton found their actions to be unforgivable)

    2. **"I gave and you take, and I waited for you but I made a mistake"**    
(referring to Orton being Triple H's lackey and waiting for reciprocation, but ultimately getting nothing in return, which was obviously a mistake on Orton's part)

    3. **"It's clear that your fear is so near because I see the look on your face"**    
(Triple H now fears Randy Orton's ability, having broken away from Triple H's control)

    4. **"You tried to hold me under, I held my breath"**    
(Triple H actually *did* try to hold Orton down, but Orton persevered by "holding his breath" and not letting Triple H break him)

    5. **"Alone and now you wonder what I possess"**    
(Randy Orton is now literally alone, free from Evolution, and Triple H has no idea what he's capable of)

    6. **"Now it's time to shine, you're gonna burn in the light"**    
(instead of Triple H being in the spotlight, which he's used to, it's now Orton's turn. Naturally, the "light" shining on Orton would anger Hunter, metaphorically burning him emotionally)

    7. **"I'm gonna take what's mine while you're burning inside my light"**    
(the World Heavyweight Championship is Randy Orton's, not Triple H's, and while Orton thrives as champion, Triple H will be metaphorically burning in his spotlight, as mentioned above)

And more that I have in mind now and may think of in the future. Also, suggestions aren't only welcomed, they're allowed.

What do you think? 




 Adolf Hitler gets accepted into art school

Muhammad Ali never gets his bike stolen when he was a little boy

Franz Ferdinand's car never takes that wrong turn 









 Thank you very much, sir 




 [Component cord that comes with the device (to the left of the CD ROM)](http://the-gadgeteer.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/10/IMG_2295-500x375.jpg)

[Component cable I'm looking to buy in order to replace it (the one that came with it is dead)](http://www.cmple.com/showproduct.aspx?ProductID=1576 SEName=component-video-audio-cable-5-rca-gold-hdtv-rgb-ypbpr-6-ft)

Pretty much the same thing, right?

Thanks. 









 Very nice 




 http://exitmundi.nl/exitmundi.htm

It's always been one of my favorite sites, but it appears to be down right now. If anyone knows any way to access it, or perhaps some archived version of it, please let me know! 




 Yeah. Adblock Plus 2.6.6 to be exact 




 Wow. You nailed it.

Okay, this kinda sucks. Now I'm gonna have to put up with ads just to watch videos on this site. Meh. Oh, well. At least I know the issue now.

Thanks, bro. 




 IE with no add-ons, still didn't work. IE completely reset (and then browser restarted), still didn't work.

For what it's worth, here's the error dialog that IE lets me look at if I click the little exclamation point at the bottom left of the screen:

*Webpage error details*

*User Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 8.0; Windows NT 6.1; WOW64; Trident/4.0; (R1 1.6); SLCC2; .NET CLR 2.0.50727; .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET CLR 3.0.30729; Media Center PC 6.0; .NET4.0C; InfoPath.2; .NET4.0E)*
*Timestamp: Wed, 7 Jan 2015 19:50:15 UTC*


*Message: 'kxslot.2' is null or not an object*
*Line: 22*
*Char: 9*
*Code: 0*
*URI: http://www.nba.com/video/?ls=iref:nba:gnav* 




 Do you think I should try with IE or Firefox first? I was thinking IE, because I'll be kinda pissed if my add-ons disappear from Firefox. 




 Are you saying that assuming that IE is my default browser? Because I use Firefox.

I thought about using the option to restart Firefox with all add-ons disabled, but I wasn't if there would be a way, after that, to basically undo it and revert all my add-ons to their previous status. 




 I wish I did. Would a smartphone work, or is that not technically the same thing? 




 I do have Malware Bytes. I'm scanning the computer now.

I tried Safe Mode, and it didn't seem to make any difference. 




 1. Yeah, I go to that video section of NBA.com multiple times everyday

2. I'm using Windows 7 64-bit

3. Tried Google Chrome, and had no success 




 :-(

Nothin 




 Could you (and anybody else reading this) do me a favor and click the link to see if you have the same problem I do? 




 http://www.nba.com/video/?ls=iref:nba:gnav

I made sure Adobe Flash was completely updated, I tried restarting the browser, restarting my computer, and nothing has worked.

I can still view videos on all the other parts of the site, such as [here](http://hangtime.blogs.nba.com/2015/01/06/hang-time-podcast-episode-184-featuring-vince-goodwill-jr/). Everything is fine on that page, but only [here](http://www.nba.com/video/?ls=iref:nba:gnav) do I have the problem.

[This](http://i.imgur.com/mowS6sl.png) is all I see, no matter how long I let it sit there (so it's not a problem of simply waiting for it to load). There should be a video window above the space that reads "Now playing."

Any suggestions?

Thanks. 




 I'm not saying this as if I really believe it, which would be disrespectful to you. I'm saying this on behalf of my depression/anxiety:

**Loss is NEVER better than victory. Winning is the only option, *ever*. That never changes for any reason, in any way.** 




 [Times like this tend to crush all my hopes and dreams of getting over any of my problems](http://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/2rklze/you_ever_lay_in_bed_being_consumed_by_depression/cnh42yv)

Okay, I'm about to go into far too much detail, so get comfortable if you plan on reading all of this.

I love football, I love playing Madden, I love winning, and I ***hate*** losing. Here's how much I hate losing:

My favorite player in the NFL is Tom Brady. His win/loss percentage in the NFL is roughly 78%, which is the highest of all time. When I play online, I keep track of my record to an obsessive extent. Right now it stands at 57-40, which is just below 60%. It disgusts me just to look at it.

I constantly calculate how many games I'd have to win in my next 10, or 20, or 50 matches to get to 70%, then to somewhere in the high 70s. Why? Because if I don't match Tom Brady's win percentage, I feel like a failure at the game, so every single loss sucks a LOT more than it normally would.

"You feel like a failure at the game? Dude, that's cool, don't sweat it-- it's just a game."

My brain doesn't believe that. I take this game far more seriously than I should. Feeling like a failure at the game makes me feel like a failure at life, because of what you may have already guessed is a superiority complex. And to be honest, it's not the fact that I'm obsessed with the game as a whole, it's that I'm playing another human, and I'm obsessed with being better than *everyone* who challenges me at anything. I *have* to win at everything, I have to win handily, and I have to win often.

In this case, I have to be as good at this game as Tom Brady is in real life, because, ostensibly, I know that achieving the win percentage he's reached in his career is possible. Extremely difficult, but possible-- and I take pride in accomplishing the improbable.

Is the extent to which I take this game seriously a problem? Yes.

Do I know how to fix it? ... lol 




 Earlier today, I said this in another thread:

 I play Madden online and I'm so focused on winning (*highly* competitive and hate to lose) that it masks the depression.
 
 
 
 Now gathering up the motivation to do it, **knowing that it'll suck if I lose**... that's another story entirely.

Guess what just happened to me?

This is why I don't get out of my fucking bed. 




 That sounds like a "Devil you know, devil you don't" question. 




 You may have gone from moderate to severe depression. You should tell your doctor. 




 In other words, no motivation to do anything. At all. Because your mind is afraid that bad things will happen and will set off your anxiety to Code Red levels.

And, at the same time, you have tons of motivation to just lay there on the verge of tears for no reason that you can think of until you either fall asleep or have a panic attack.

Who's ever felt that way? Cuz I feel like that now (which is far from the first time). And it *really, really* sucks. And the only thing that sucks more is that I have no idea what to do about it.

Any help would be very much appreciated. 




 Ah, this too. Shooters are really good. When you're being hunted down by sometimes dozens of heavily weaponized beings trying to kill you (who also happen to be REALLY good at it, in the case of online play), you sorta don't have time to be depressed. 




 You're just (and I don't mean that to undermine what you go through-- only saying that the answer is relatively simple) emotionally sensitive. I'm the exact same way.

I have no idea if it's caused by depression/anxiety, worsened by it, or neither, but trust me, I know it sucks. I developed thicker skin over time, though, so there's definitely hope for you. 




 Thank YOU for making this post. Everything you mentioned was insightful and made a lot of sense, and I hope lots of people see it. 




 Same. I play Madden online and I'm so focused on winning (*highly* competitive and hate to lose) that it masks the depression.

Now gathering up the motivation to do it, knowing that it'll suck if I lose... that's another story entirely. 




 Ever?

That's pretty remarkable. 




 Not necessarily to fix it. I basically just want to make sure I know when my laptop has done enough that it needs to be rested for a while, just like how people need to eventually go to sleep at different times depending on what they did that day. 




 Well, how would I know if the OS is struggling with a program that I have running and maybe the computer needs to be turned off for a bit? 




 Just out of curiosity, how do I know where the OS is getting memory from when I run a program? Or is it pretty much a 100% guarantee that it will take it from Cached memory if Free memory is at 0? 




  This memory can be freed if needed.

How so? 




 http://i.imgur.com/q8lZ4JG.png

How does it affect my computer's performance? Should I always try to keep the "Free" physical memory value high? And anything else you think I should know, feel free to drop the knowledge.

Thanks. 




