 I've never acted any differently on my period that I know of. 




 That certainly isn't the norm though.

I went into shock having my wisdom teeth taken out, but that isn't too common. 




 I sometimes dread sneezing because I know someone is going to say, "Bless you," and I'm a bitch if I don't say, "Thank you."

I'd rather everyone just ignore my sneeze. 




 Apparently a colposcopy can be similar to the pain of being kicked in the balls. I told a guy once about my experience, and he said, "Hey, that sounds like getting kicked in the balls!" 




 Your whole body doesn't shut down. That would be going into shock, which is life threatening. A lot more men would be dying from a kick to the balls if that were the case. 




 Women can have something similar. Sexual stimulation leads to some swelling, which can cut off part of the urethra. It makes it more difficult to urinate.  




 Pedophilia involves an attraction to prepubescent children. 13-year-olds are not prepubescent. 

 




 Sierra Leone publicly mutilates thieves, but continues to have the highest rates of robbery in the world.

You'd think history would teach us something about this. Mutilations and death were popular punishments, but the past still had very high rates of crime. Much higher than today. 




 TIL giving them treatment to stop them from molesting kids is telling them it's okay to molest kids.

 




 Public mutilations and executions do nothing. For instance, Sierra Leone publicly mutilates thieves but they have the highest rates of robbery.

All executing pedophiles would do is make treatment impossible, so more children would end up being molested in secret.

You'd rather feed your bloodlust than applaud a treatment that works and stops kids from being harmed. 




 Being happy that a treatment for pedophiles is working is supporting pedophiles and it's disgusting? LOL okay.  




 Pedophiles would quickly learn what was going on and not seek treatment. Now we're back to children being molested in secret instead of pedophiles being treated to stop them from doing such things.

In short, you'd rather feed your bloodlust than actually stop any children from being molested. 




 TIL being happy that a treatment for pedophiles works and stops them from abusing children makes you disgusting. 




 No. Being sexually attracted to children is not a crime.

However, acting on those urges is. If a man tells his therapist he molested a child, then the therapist has to tell the cops. 




 TIL being happy that pedophiles can seek treatment so they don't give in to their urges and hurt a child is...bad? 




 Support to pedophiles *getting treatment.* 




 Countries where they publicly execute people have the highest rates of violence.

The death penalty deters no one. 




 Except correction hasn't worked. They get out of prison and abuse kids again.

What has worked? Medical treatment. 




 *Federal* cemeteries. These are plots owned by the government.  




 If you want to get ahead, America isn't a great place to come. Our economic mobility (the ability to move from one economic class to another) has been declining in recent decades. 

http://www.decisionsonevidence.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/Economic-Mobility-Across-Developed-Countries.png

People from very poor countries might try to come here, but to really get ahead, the following countries will give you better luck: France, Spain, Japan, Germany, New Zealand, Sweden, Australia, Canada, Finland, Norway, and Denmark. Denmark is the best country in the world to get ahead. 




 They're citizens. That's all they need to deserve the aid. The richest country in the world has a responsibility to its citizens, especially since we elected them in. 




 Income equality doesn't mean that everyone makes the same amount of money. It means that everyone experiences growth in their income. 

For instance, say Walmart's CEO's income goes up 5%. A cashier's income should go up 5% too, since their work helped make that happen. The CEO is still making a lot more than the cashier. 




 I just like to control every aspect of their lives, good or bad! 




 It's against Reddit's policy to ban subreddits solely for their content though, as long as it's legal.

That's not saying they can't change that policy if they wish, but it's hypocritical to make that claim and then ban subreddits for content. 




 Reddit has an official policy regarding free speech though. They don't ban subreddits solely for content as long as said content is legal. 

People who like to say "a private company can censor whatever they want," in regards to Reddit don't seem to know it's official policy for them not to. 

Redditors who bring free speech into it are referring to that policy, not because they think Reddit doesn't have a legal right to censor whatever they please. 




 Just because someone jerks off to something doesn't make it porn. If I masturbate to photos of clouds, is it porn? Or am I just a weirdo who gets a sexual thrill out of innocent things? 




 Definition of porn:

 the depiction of erotic behavior (as in pictures or writing) intended to cause sexual excitement

And the Supreme court has ruled that nude photos/videos of children are legal as long as they aren't sexually stimulating.  

Look at the movie Pretty Baby. It had a full frontal shot of a 12-year-old Brooke Shields nude. Romeo and Juliet from 1968 has nudity from a 16 and 17-year-old. American Beauty had a shot of 17-year-old Thora Birch's boobs. None of those movies will get you arrested for child porn. 




 What makes something porn is the intent of who created it. 




 I didn't mention Creepshots. 




 That's for the Supreme Court to interpret, as the Constitution does not specify. 




 It isn't porn at all unless it was taken with the intent of being sexual.

There's a photo of me when I was 16 in my bra and panties sitting on the couch because it was easily 100 degrees. Not porn. I was just sitting there in my underwear. Does it become porn if someone jerks himself to it? 




 I'm an egalitarian, and I use both women's rights arguments and men's.

It's very possible to be a reasonable MRA. They just attract a lot of redpillers. 




 I must be in the minority. I have never felt unsafe doing anything as a woman. 




 Generally, which is fine with me because I am so sore by that point.

He takes a long time to come.

He does try to finish me off before he comes though. 




 I think it would be really uncomfortable.

It's funny though. I was just thinking the other day that despite being part fish, mermaids have to be mammals because they have boobs! 




 Thanks for the info! But do you know why they say there is a margin of error of a week (even 8 days) if there is that much a difference in the fetus between weeks? 




 Jailbait wasn't child porn, at least from what I saw. They were jerking off to pictures of teenagers in their underwear and bathing suits, but that isn't porn because the photos weren't taken with the intent to be sexual.  




 They do have real world value. Look at how many people are clueless when it comes to history, for instance. They insist the Civil War wasn't about slavery (seriously, reading the declaration of secession of those certain states tells you it was, so people aren't even studying the issue on their own) and they have no idea that the Confederate flag was put up in the 60s on government buildings to protest the civil rights movement. People flat out oppose unions and government regulation because they have no idea what it was like before we had those things.

General education makes people more well read and aware of the world around them. 

Trades are great and should be subsidized, but education isn't useless and valueless if it won't land you a job. It's important for your voting population to be educated. 




 Trade schools are meant to train you for jobs, not college. College is for general higher education and critical thinking. 




 The Constitution does say the federal government does have the right to look over the general welfare of states. 




 He won't, sadly. 




 Trades are supposed to train you for a job, not college in general. College is for general higher education and critical thinking. 




 Free speech doesn't cover advice on how to commit a crime. That's illegal. 




 I'm *pretty* sure that's illegal.

I am an advocate of free speech, certainly, but advice on how to commit a crime is just illegal.

I just looked at one of these forums, and I'm pretty sure they're trolling. One post was by a woman asking for tips on how to get raped. 




 I really don't think my mood is any different at any point in my cycle. 




 I give 0 shits about Nintendo, but I see no reason to believe he was a bad guy so RIP. 




 Mentally ill people just need to grow up! 




 They gave the names of the people involved. This one is real. 









 This makes me wonder why people put co-workers and bosses on Snapchat. 




 I love my boyfriend, so more sex than I need is a better trade off. 




 I have no desire to get back at my ex. Grow up, people. 




 Should you be able to have their shit checked, their teeth checked, and ask them for a list of their medications too? 




 I have a much lower sex drive than my boyfriend, but I know if I don't put out he could find someone else and I don't want that to happen.

So I make sure we have sex several times a week, unless I am sick or something like that.

Talk to her about it before you consider breaking anything off. All my boyfriend had to do was talk to me. 




 http://www.dsausa.org/what_is_democratic_socialism 




 Sanders is a democratic socialist, and wants to model countries like Finland, Denmark, the Netherlands, Sweden, Norway, etc.

All those countries practice democratic socialism. 




 So doing nothing because a video took place in the past (therefore making doing something impossible) is worse than laughing and cheering at said video because you enjoy the suffering of people? LOL okay. 




 It should really depend on how drunk.

I've been drunk and consented to sex. 




 And what did you think of it? 




 I feel the same way and I hate kids. 




 The FBI changed their definition of rape, and they're federal. 




 They're probably talking about this:

http://i.imgur.com/cIiJ1Sy.jpg 




 http://i.imgur.com/cIiJ1Sy.jpg

I think they're talking about this. 




 If that helps you sleep at night. 




 I mourned the deaths of several children, I did not cheer because they died. 




 Looks like the kid shouldn't have had the phone to begin with.

Let your kid play with your phone to reward them for being good, not to placate them so they won't scream. 




 Sitting at your computer cheering them on is the same as standing there and cheering them on. 




 "Horrifying?" More like justice served.


Love these videos. I'd much rather them tied to a post and burned at the stake old school style cause I've always wanted to see that.


You spelled satisfying wrong.


I never thought I'd say this, but I literally can't watch this video and had to turn it off. ( because I have to go start dinner. I'll be back to enjoy it later).

 




 So you commented on what he said without knowing what he said because you don't care? 




 Setting kids on fire while watching, cheering and laughing?

People in this very thread were doing the same thing from their computer chairs. 




 I haven't looked into Divergent yet, but IMO Hunger Games has nothing on Harry Potter. HP's characters are much more distinct and thought out, and the fantasy world is much more interesting.

 




 Hunger Games, Twilight, and 50 Shades don't have the plot intricacies and the imaginative fantasy world of Harry Potter, though. 




 Insulted, sure. But it's a bit rich for someone who can be 100% certain that their child is theirs get angry because someone else wants that certainty too. 




 I am tired of attention.

Says the person who took a photo of themselves on the toilet. 




 Because egalitarians don't care about any of that! 




 That's a pretty rude thing to say to your kid, but I get the general attitude. 




 I worked at Wendys. We did not do this. 




 I don't think this is illegal. You asked what you could get for $10, and they willingly gave you the amount they did. 




 I order water at fast food restaurants and then fill the cup with soda.

Yes, it's theft, but as I just paid you $10 for about $2 worth of food, I don't feel guilty. 




 ETA: And all the weirdos who think it shouldn't piss off your pregnant wife if you demand a paternity test.

Geneticists have estimated that 10% of men are unwittingly raising kids that aren't theirs, so a paternity test is a very reasonable request.

http://www.canadiancrc.com/Newspaper_Articles/Globe_and_Mail_Moms_Little_secret_14DEC02.aspx 




 I read that dating ultrasounds during and before the 13th week are pretty accurate because fetuses are growing at the same rate at this point, but the margin of error is a whole week, some say 8 days. 

Is this margin of error accounting for slight differences in the CRL of each fetus, slight mistakes the tech might make (millimeters are very tiny, a mouse click too soon or too late could throw off the measurement), or maybe both? 




 Because no one in Europe makes decisions about their own lives. 




 Democratic socialism =/= socialism. 




 Well, the people who ruined it were the ones who created it. It was created as a battle flag for the Confederate army. It was always racist and aggressive. 




 They seem to be missing the part where Jake was drunk too.

Why does the woman get to have sex with a drunk person? 




 Hopefully someone gave up their claim to the $50K and just threw her into a river. 




 That's fine, but you'd be wrong then if you went around claiming slavery was illegal.

There's no opinion when it comes to legal definitions. I think it's stupid that a 17-year-old in porn is considered child porn, but I can't claim it isn't because it's a legal definition. 




 Other civil rights are already restricted. You can't protest in certain areas. You need a permit for assembly if you have enough people. Slander and libel are illegal. 

It's just when it comes to guns that people think rights should be completely unrestricted because Americans have a gun sized hole in their brains. 




 Because what we need is untrained people walking around with hidden guns. 




 Birth control is a medication prescribed by a doctor. It isn't a condom. 




 We need to do away with this horrible healthcare system, but for now, this is a good thing. 




 He has given literally billions to charity. 

But again, his point is that his income needs to be in a higher tax bracket. 




  One thing that has always bothered me about Warren Buffett is how he went on and on about how he needs to be taxed more. No one is stopping him from giving the government more money.

His point wasn't that he personally should be taxed more as much as it was that people who make the amount of money he does aren't taxed enough. 




 There's the thing: Congress is allowed to tax you to create revenue for the government. It's in the Constitution. 

Now, you're allowed to vote for who most shares your ideals. You can vote for someone who believes tax dollars shouldn't go to the poor. That counts as your say in how that revenue should be spent. 

Saying people shouldn't be "forced" to help the poor in this manner is the same as saying people shouldn't be "forced" to pay for the roads. 




 It isn't a matter of opinion. For one, theft is a legal definition. The Constitution gives Congress the right to tax. So it's legal, thus not theft. 




 I don't think a lot of those are her. 




 I had armpit hair at 10. 




 It isn't too uncommon for girls to start their periods at age 8 these days. 




 The Desitin keeps it itch free mostly. 




 TIL Greece is socialist. 




 That's actually the most interesting comment I've read when it comes to this whole Arianna Grande affair. 




 83% of the USA identifies as Christian.

Shut the hell up. 




 Huh, I didn't know being a ho could land you in jail... 




 I was told I am not privileged by this test.

Apart from being poor as hell and having mental health issues, I don't think it's that bad. 




  if people just love them because they're breaking the law and passing out free stuff.

This. I admit it. 









 Last night I discovered I have a yeast infection, probably from the antibiotics I am on. I put on some Desitin and I'm waiting for it to go away.

My last YI was two years ago, and that went away as well. I've never gone to the doctor for one.  




 Spraying him with a spray bottle. 

Wait...you did say cats right? 




 Oh believe me, I'm voting for him.

But sadly, don't expect him to get into office. He won't. 




 Heated driveways. 




 Last year I worked in retail, and I was out in the parking lot getting the carts. We had been closed for about 15 minutes. It wasn't unusual for cars to stop by close to me and ask if we were closed around this time, so when a red car did so I didn't think it was strange.

He rolled down the window and asked, "Are you guys closed now?"

I answered, "Yep, 15 minutes now." 

Usually the cars drive off at this point, but this guy (I honestly can't remember what he looked like, since I didn't think it was weird at the time so he didn't stick out) asked, "Could you come here for a second then?"

I have the carts lined up now and I don't have time to deal with a customer who I've just informed the store is closed. I just want to get my tasks done, help my co-workers with their tasks, and see if we could get out out of there in a hurry. 

I tell the man, "No, sorry. I have to get these carts up to the store so we can lock the doors." 

He insists, "I just have a question, it won't take a moment to answer. Can you just come help me?" 

I'm a little unnerved by this, but I just say, "Sorry, I can't," and begin to push the carts to the store. Thankfully he just drove away.

The scary thing is that when I got up to the store, the front doors were locked. They weren't supposed to be locked until everyone was done working outside for safety issues just like this, but sometimes they got locked early for some reason. I pressed the buzzer that let the manager in the office know I was outside, and she let me in. 

But if that guy had gotten it into his mind to stay in the parking lot and saw that the front doors were locked and I was stuck outside, what then? Would he have tried to abduct me?

I was still unnerved, but not really shaken or disturbed. The full impact of what could have happened hit me when I got home. I always told my boyfriend about any weird or annoying customers I encountered during my shift, and when I told him about this, he asked, "Did you tell the manager?" 

I said no, and he scolded me. "The guy was an obvious creeper, and you didn't think to tell anyone?" He even wanted to alert the police, but I didn't see the point because the only thing I could remember about the car was that it was red. I couldn't even tell you what type it was. The man's features weren't really distinguished at all either.

Maybe nothing would have happened and the guy didn't realize how creepy be was being, but in any case, I'd rather not meet again. 




 I'm almost 317 months! 




 While I see nothing morally wrong with older teenagers (15+) taking nudes of themselves, it's pretty dumb to encourage someone to break the law. 




 I never liked math. Even in grade school. 




  Funny enough, boys are falling behind in reading and writing but we never encourage them to become more involved in literature and writing.

Because literature and writing, while being important and valuable subjects, don't bring in the money.

I'm pretty much stuck being an office assistant my entire life because the only college majors that earn you any money are basically math and science...my two worst subjects.

Oh well. At least office assistants make more than fast food workers. For awhile I thought that's all I had in my future. 




 I wish history majors made money. If it did, I might actually not hate every job available to me. 




 Exactly. I find science fascinating, but it gets to a point where it becomes too much work to study to be fun. 




 Let's make up a character, then claim that's why females aren't into math and science as much as males! 




 Male sperm are that weak. Female sperm can take anything! 




 It should have gone like this, "Hey, George, good to finally get a hold of you! Have you decided to speak at the event? Huh? You require $100K to do it? To speak to veterans who fought in a war you started? Yeah, fuck you." 




 In 2012, we were 2nd worst. Now we're 6th worst.

I'd judge this claim as partially true. 




 TIL getting a fairer wage for your work is free shit. 




 I'm not paying a delivery fee for a $1.29 purchase, so it won't. 




 The Romanovs. 




 Jared Fogle isn't charged with anything yet. 




 My dad once thought it was appropriate to wake me up in the morning for school in his underwear...yeah. I guess he thought the room would be too dark for me to notice. 




