 BSB 4 Life! 




 "Have I made a stranger smile today?" 




 Jigglypuff has skills 




 Food 




 World peace 




 Be my worst enemy  




 Spoon 




 For all intensive purposes..... 




 Feel the fear and do it anyway! 









 Roast lamb 




 We just co-exist 




 Blue 




 People who are pretentious and full of hot air.  




 This. 1000x agree with this. 




 "I've never had a dream come true..." 




 The Offspring 




 You should NEVER be ashamed. Backstreet Boys = legendary.  




 Haha my walls were plastered with Hanson posters when I was a teen....those were the days.  




 Self-entitled teens 




 Feeling nostalgic  









 The prerogative to have a little fun... 




 Pushing Daisies  




 Sit in silence and uncomfortably close to a stranger on a park bench, when they inch away you shuffle closer. 




 Pizza, when trying to feed a group of hungry people. 




 My biggest regret is that I didn't try hard enough. If only I had set good foundations for studying hard then. Perhaps I wouldn't have wasted so many years not knowing what I wanted to do and concentrated more on figuring out what I wanted to do.
 




 Giraffe. So I can reach stuff without having to get a ladder or ask someone for help. 




 Forgiving and forgetting. 




 The Lion King. Mufasa and the circle of life. 




 Managing acne. 














 What's for dinner? 




 "Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain" - Vivian Green 




 Buffy. 




 Alcohol. I feel like i'm missing out on a whole lot of fun. 




 Liam Neeson 




 I read that as nerdy steak...mmm steak 




 Arteries 









 The freakin' weekend 




 Always carry spares - spare undies and supplies. 




 You need an AMA.
Are you quite sensitive yourself? Your in Vic yeah? I'm moving over in a few months, not a whole lot of activity where i'm from - wonder what I'm going to get myself into over there! 




 Ok you're going to have to tell me some stories now!! 




 Awesomeness overload. 

1) Do they share any stories with you?? Reminds me of Ed  Lorraine Warren. 

2) What's the name of the hospital? Sounds like an amazing mystery, I want to do a little digging myself too!  









 Totoro 




