 I'm loving it! :) Thanks for the recommendation! 




 Infinite. 

Color is a way we interpret and differential the frequencies/wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation. As far as we know, the range of electromagnetic radiation is nearly infinite (from the smallest possible wavelength = Planck's constant to as large as the universe is).

Remember that the colors that we (the human eye) can see are limited to the types of cones that we have (three types). Many animals have more cone types, with cephalopods having the maximum as far as I know. But that's still limited. The "ideal" eye should be able to detect infinite number of colors.

Some basic reading: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Color_vision#In_other_animal_species  




 Seems more like some type of peripheral neuropathy. I am an orthopedician and I suggest you approach a neurologist. 




 Looking them up right now. 




 Your story is very similar to a friend of mine who rescues sick kittens. She in fact has a rescued kitten with a fractured spine, for whom she's trying to find a new home. 

Some of the things that I do...

- I try to give almost everyone another chance -- in the sense, I rarely write anyone off because they have been rude to me. 
- I try to give most people the benefit of doubt while they seem to screw up.
- I am an out, relatively young, but mature gay individual in India. I try to help younger gay men whenever they have some issues with relationships/family.
- I suffer from depression. I try and promote depression awareness in all my circles, so as to bring more tolerance and understanding about all kinds of psychological condition.
- I try to be friendly with most animals that I encounter in my life. Playing with them, cuddling them, feeding them when I can, etc. 




 I have been listening to NPR All Songs Considered for a year now and I love the discoveries that I'm making. I wonder if there are other similar stations.

Edit:

Some of the aspects that I'm looking for are as follows:
- Incisive, insightful commentary/DJing (not needed 24*7)
- An online playlist where you can find the name of the songs played
- Preferably with features on new releases

I used to listen to a alternative/indie/rock station called Meta on TuneIn Radio. They had great DJs but they closed about a year or so back. Since then, I have been listening to NPR All Songs Considered. 




 Do you mean "your"? 




 I'm not a dermatologist, but I would think that this is a neurological condition? Hyperalgesia due to some reason. 




 It's okay. I guess that had a part in me having PTSD and MDD. 




 Yes, they were.  




 All this fits in so well in The Giver scheme of things. 




 Alice In Chains, Battlestar Galactica, Twitter. 




