 That's amazing!!! Me too! Hopefully 3 aug. 27th!  




 Me too, and I don't remember it being much fun. 




 I have practicing Buddhists in my family....I don't know how they do it. 1. Because I'm Brazil, everyone is catholic and probably gives them shit for it, and more importantly 2. My family is...Well, I'm pretty sure most assumptions would be somewhat accurate. I've tried to delve into that, but I'm basicaly emotionally constipated. 




 suicidal, but I know it's because I don't know how to feel. I starting using around 13 or 14...and before that had been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, an anxiety disorder and obsessive compulsive disorder. I started getting High to feel numb as repress everything, and I've basicaly conditioned my mind to do so when Im overwhelmed with whatever I'm feeling. I dont know how to just feel sad, because I also feel angry and resentful and depressed and suicidal and anxious and so on. I can't cry, it doesn't come out.  




 Thank you! It's just so hard when I'm drowning in depression and still trying to breathe while underwater. Constant fighting. 




 Thank you so much. I mean it, thank you. I might just take you up on talking, you seem to understand where I'm at.
Also, I've tried meditating, but it's so dark in here. And loud. 




 I don't think the world is that dark, and I don't believe that it's such a horrible place, but my head in constantly telling my otherwise. It's like another person in my head, telling me ugly things.
As for NA/AA, the 12 steps are for anyone, it's about a change in perspective. both programs have done so much for my life, it's just that I'm too depressed and anxious to be so involved right now, and it's affecting my recovery. I'm a dry alcoholic right now.
I'm also sorry you're struggling. I wish this wasn't something you had to go through. Stay strong. 




 Thank you for this. I say it all the time, but I seriously think everyone needs to work in a restaurant at least ONCE to understand the type of shit we deal with.  




 Dude no worries! It's just what works for me! Some people find other ways, and that's totally acceptable. If anyone tells you otherwise, ignore them. There is no right way to make a positive change in your life, and everyone is different.
again, congrats!  




 Congratulations!!!!!! 
I'm also sober, it's been a while now, but 6 months is a huge stepping stone! Every day is an achievement. Keep it up!
If you don't mind me asking, are you doing AA/NA?  




 And my axe! 




 And my axe! 




 WHY DOES THIS STORY NOT HAVE MORE UPVOTES 




 My SO has the same problem! Don't worrry about the money, that will work itself out. Being happy is the most important thing, you'll get there.
You got this! I'm so happy to see this post, I sincerly wish you the best!  




 ....why even go there? 




 There are no words that will ease any of this pain now, but you are not alone. I am so sorry, please reach out. Don't white knuckle this the entire time. From experience, it gets easier. Feel what you need to feel.  




 I always think of that with some of these stories! Especially ones like these, that actually make me feel fucking terrified. (I'm under the covers) 




