 See, Lonesome Road has always been one of the most confusing DLC of them all for me. I honestly never knew that sacrificing ED-E was an option. I always nuke both sides though c: 




 Whats the pistol mod?
 




 Hey guys! Me and my buddy Zach are playing on 360 as Monk and Wiz, looking for anyone who wants to join! GT: Troop4921 or Blazedmage
 




 Hey guys! I just got my xbox back and have been hankering to play Diablo since I got it and I don't like playing alone. So, if theres anyone willing, I could use a group to play with!:) Gamertag: Troop4921 (I have a new character who is only lvl 8 Witch Doctor) 




 YES MY NAME IS THE SAME ON HERE AS IT IS ON THERE
 




 YO SO I TOTALLY SAW THIS ON INSTAGRAM
 




 I think main quests in FO3, Andale fucked me up worst. FNV, the scripted but never played, Lone Wolf radio quest. DLC's wise, definitely Operation Anchorage from FO3 tripped me up cause [in the beginning the Outcasts were so kind and open unlike normal, then they turn like assholes.](/spoiler) and Old World Blues from FNV. 




 A Vault of 100 men and 100 women, and 50 teenagers of each gender. Males are given drugs similar to Buffout and Viagra, to boost testosterone.They're also told that their whole reason is to produce children. All females are give phermones and small amounts of birth control. 50% of the females, however, are infertile and unable to have children.

Eventually, the infertiles would kill themselves or steal kids. It would be cruel but entertaining. 




 May I post to /r/ODST? Or could you post it on there too?:) 




 Sixteen Tons 




 Gotta say Mickey!:) 




 GAH! Had I not lost my power cord in my recent move, I'd have totally jumped on in an instant. 




 lol I've played with him, you can definitely get good help out of him. 




 To be honest I haven't put that much thought into it. I was planning on listing all of the short stories and otherwise in a PDF and putting it on Google Docs. I have the start of a file on my laptop that I might put onto Google docs for you to view it will be similar to that but not exactly. I would really love to have all the characters and everything but I feel like that would be even more information than what's necessary. All of the Spartans would be a possibility but even at that there's a lot of them. 




 Uh, I helped with the timeline lol. No, I'm thinking more of a compilation of things like "Dirt" and like, other small written stories that are either entirely canon or at least 80% canon. 




 I'm not too bright on the whole minilore part, but I think he may be referring to the forerunner engine within the Infinity which runs on an energy source besides fusion reactors and whatnot. 




 So, me being the big nerd lore junkie that I am, I decided to take the task upon myself to compile all the possible halo lore things that I can. I have a solid start owning all the books except for the Forerunner series, and SEVERAL pdf's of stories.

So, if you have fanfics you've written (that are mostly canon please) that you want compiled, please, link them in the comments. 




 Uh, the house across from the street from the goodsprings general store has safe storage so... 




 I just moved and forgot my power cord otherwise I would join you!
GT: Troop4921 for future reference though. 




 May I suggest a x-post to r/ODST? 




 I think it'd be great
 




 A few months ago, there was a post that had ODST armor in it. Anyone remember the name of it? 




 Yeah, sadly there isn't A TON of stuff for this game, unlike the MC series which has the most. I'm going to try and post some more now that I'm back. 




 Actually, we can amass quite a following sometimes, especially right before games release or right after, when everyone wants nostalgia from their favorite games. Ive has several completely full game nights were I had to have someone host another game for overflow. 




 Hey guys, what's up? After a lot of months of inactivity and not being able to even check my own subreddit at times, I am back which means I can start arranging game nights, days, weeks, anything you guys want as a community, I can deliver!

Just ask and ye shall receive! 




 To answer your first question;
Not necessarily it's own **multiplayer** maps but it does have Firefight which is a lot of fun.
Second question;
I don't believe you can.
I know others beat me to the draw but, as a moderator, it makes me feel good to answer the questions!   




 As long as they don't change that beautiful ODST Armor, I'd love to see ODST's in Halo 5. However, with what little plot we can speculate from the few bits we've been given, I don't see ODST's playing much of a role other than canon fodder aside Chief and Agent (forgive me cause I dont remember his name) Thorne. 
To answer your question however, /u/Itgraham , ODST's will never be obsolete due to their role they can play with the Insurgance following the war. If you haven't read the Kilo-5 series (Glasslands, Thursday War, Mortal Dictata) I would highly suggest them. Also, its suggested that some S-IV's are previous ODSTs because the S4s were normally SpecOps or the top of their class. 




 diggin it 




 Collect misc items like empty syringe's and empty jet inhalers and sell them to A Quick Fix in Rivet City, pretending that they turn around and fill them up and sell them. 




 I had a wolverine claws mod and played about the first half as wolverine. Another mod to suggest is Ties That Bind, which adds an older sister and a great storyline.

My suggestion:
The Boy Scout
High Perception and Charisma; Only use weapons that you make or are given.; Make use of EVERYTHING you pick up during the day and if you cant use it by midnight, drop it; Wear clothing sets with low DT but use perks to make up for the obvious defense loss. 




 I LOVE IT!
 




 Yeah, I don't know what was up with it. I was using a new streamer so that might have been messing with it. 









 Well, that answers that. Thank you, sir! 




 Okay, so as the title rather plainly states, I was reading (re-reading actually) Glasslands when I read something that caught me up a bit.

In Chapter 13 I believe, BB is debriefing the team about Halsey's past because they just found out she was alive in the Dyson Sphere. During this debriefing, BB mentions something that raised an eyebrow for me.

1. He says that Halsey "...stole an entire slipspace drive so she could experiment with extending the lives of AIs."
Q: Do you think she was doing this for Cortana and John or for AI another AI she was planning to make?

I'm open to any and all suggestion, unless this is cleared up in a later book. 




 I won't be on but any of the others on here might be. 









 Hey all you Helljumpers! I know I have been away for a while but tonight(and all the other nights) is GAME NIGHT!!!!

What does this mean?:
Well, for all you first timers, it means plenty of achievements, unlockables, and cool stuff that you won't have to waste all you alone time doing.

How do I join?:
Simple, just drop your GT in the comments or message me, Troop4921 on XBL, and I will add you in the list. If it gets too big, we will start another party.

What do we do?:
Achievement Hunt, discuss, reminece, argue, have fun, and break the game. Ask previous members, it is loads of fun!

So, hopefully, I will see you all on the battlefield!
~train_subject896
 




 Do you have a skype I could voice call you at since I dont have my mic
 




 lol i have all but the firefights but on top of me knowing a great majority, it'll be helpful

 




 I am the /r/ODST moderator and we are hosting a game night tonight, so if anyone does need help, I am more than available!:) 




 I'm open! GT: Troop4921 









 Mind if I repost this on r/ODST?
 




 You chose a perfect time my friend, because I, almighty moderator I am(lol im not really this arrogant), just got on spring break so I will be able to join my own subreddits game night! Whats your gamertag friend?
 




 As a Kansas/Missouri resident, I like the idea. However, I don't think super mutants would have gotten this far depending on the time. I feel like the Enclave or Brotherhood would be the huge factions fighting, kinda like in FO3 but maybe utilizing the Warzones idea. 




 Oi m8 u made me giggl 




 Yeah, a few of my friends had viewed it and told me the same. It was perfectly fine preupload so I am kinda confused as to what the hell happened. Working on it. Might replace it here in a bit. 














 So I was going through and re-doing all my mods and I was hoping some of you on here could suggest a few good face and scenery texture mods. I just deleted BEWARE OF THE GIRL so do not suggest that. I want, like, an actual pack that changes everyones faces to looking super high quality even if I only have it on High-q setting.

Any help would be wonderful!:) 




 Has anyone gotten the NV yet?
 




 My collection is fully complete thanks to this. 




 I don't know. McAfee blocked rainmeter when I downloaded it a fewyears back.
 




 Okay so the story time behind this:
I normally play on really bad graphics in fullscreen mode cause anything higher than Fine outside of windowed mode, crashes my laptop. So I recently went back to windowed mode w/ Ultra Fine graphics and it blew me away how beautiful everything was and how much I missed because of it. This picture is unmodded graphically. Just tm, and tfc. 









 Yeah, and apparently I was high on some Buffout. 




