 That's done here as well, the Netherlands. 




 Same goes for me. Absolute worst part of this all happens before I get out of bed, which means I won't get up til like.. 3pm.

Edit: typo 




 Well fuck me and my yogurt. 




 My parents count their farts every evening. My mum almost always wins. 




 Aww Cherry looks adorable! 




 House getting burned down while everyone's asleep... 




 Dat is toch hoe het hoort te zijn? ;) 




 Oh, bugger. I think Cauli must've rebound them for me then because mine were still linked. 




 It's one click in the book binder GUI, I believe it's a left-click. 




 It's probably marked with a death marker for now :P That's how I tend to make waypoints for hungry nodes. 




 Vazkii is aware in a sense that there's already been an update that fixes the unbinding flowers. 




 Build 192 of Botania (released a few days ago) contains a fix for the unbinding flowers. 




 There has been an update to Botania a few days ago. Build 192 solves the mana spreader replacing/flower unbinding issues. I don't have an issue with the mana mirror and I've never seen a person wear a tiara on their skin, just the wings on their back.

I recommend updating Botania to fix your first two problems and reporting the other two issues to Vazkii's github page. 




 Happy Birthday Kurt, and great banner /u/IlI4n! 




 Hardest part is recreating the blue glow, I think.  




 I play minecraft on a modded server and a player wanted to reconstruct Blackreach. He never got around finishing it :( 




 This is 8 years ago, I was 12 or 13 years old. I barely had a mobile phone back then and I had it in my bag like I always did for tests. Teacher didn't have a fact straight, classmates tried to back me up, ended up with the 0% and detention anyway. :( 




 I had to do a test later than everyone else because I was sick on the original day of the test. Teacher put me in a separate room and didn't check on me. I made the test and handed it all in, got the full 100% and she didn't believe me. "You must have used your phone." Gave me 0% and detention. 




 This is deep. 




 Wow wat lang! Ik had een half uurtje (half 5 tot 5) waarin ik juist niet gebeld moest worden, 4 jaar geleden. 




 I just watched Millbee/dadbee and I think it was Chad then. Don't remember a star from dadbee at that part of the track. 









 Not me, but other people on the server have used minechem in various ways to produce powers. One guy converted feathers into Uranium for a Big Reactor, someone else ran off of carrots from pretty early on. 




 You need 5 stones with 1 spectre, 5 stones with 1 banshee and 5 stones with 1 poltergeist. Because it's a detection task, it'll go from 0% to 100% when you have all 5 of a type. 




 See sidebar: /r/feedthebeastservers 




 Will do tomorrow, I'm busy tonight. Thanks. 




 Yep, we have it. It becomes day on our server if 50% of the players online who are in the overworld are either in bed or below y=63 (counts as miners) and it's both great and annoying sometimes haha. People who are a bit more end game sometimes need the night to find a mob or to activate a division sigil while players who just started want to sleep through the night. 




 OpenBlocks sleeping bag has only caused issues on our server. It glitches out, kills people and doesn't generate a gravestone :( But yeah there are a lot of nifty things in those mods! 




 If you have the mod Random Things installed, you should take a look at the biome painter :) I'm thinking of bringing every biome to my bees 




 Yes, depth and details. I love working around with microblocks for a bit of detailing on the walls and I often use stairs for depth into the wall. (Don't know if that makes sense, I can show a screenshot later if needed.) My main issue is always to choose a few building blocks. :( 




 Bedankt voor de tip! Ik heb gelukkig geen lening, ik betaal alleen een half jaar extra collegegeld. Heb eigenlijk geen flauw idee of ik nog een half jaar recht heb op studiefinanciering maar geloof het wel.

Dat laatste klopt als een bus. Dat is de reden waarom ik niet direct weer aan een stage ben begonnen, maar rustig de tijd neem om iets te vinden wat bij me past voor over een aantal maanden. Wat betreft je andere reactie, nah het is goed voor nu. Ik denk dat ik zo toch nog even ga proberen wat slaap te vatten. Bedankt voor het gesprek, en mocht je zelf ook nog in bed kruipen straks, welterusten! (Zo niet, fijne dag vandaag!) 




 Beide, denk ik? Beetje een lang verhaal. Een trigger gevolgd door een hoop stress en een wirwar aan gevoelens. Uiteindelijk stage en relatie beeindigd op dezelfde dag. Ik start in september met een nieuwe stage en heb nu een half jaar studievertraging na de eerste drie jaar van mijn studie cum laude te hebben afgesloten :/ 




 Ik wil er zsm langs gaan. Ben niet lang geleden verhuisd en moet me nog bij de beste man inschrijven... Indien mogelijk wil ik dan direct de bom laten vallen dat ik op zoek ben naar een psycholoog.

Ik ben niet eerder gegaan omdat ik eerst vond dat het wel goed met me ging. "Het komt wel goed, dit heeft gewoon tijd nodig." Alleen heb ik absoluut niks meer om voor op te staan, ik heb geen ritme meer en ben tijdelijk op mezelf aangewezen. Dat viel toch zwaarder dan verwacht. Ik ben vastberaden om m'n leven weer op te pakken maar ik weet dat ik dat niet alleen kan. 




 Ik wil en durf het wel, het is gewoon een kwestie van doen op het moment. Soms kan ik me er niet toe zetten om mezelf uberhaupt uit bed te slepen die dag, andere dagen vergeet ik het simpelweg. Mijn doel is om er komende week langs te gaan. Verder heb ik die week geen verplichtingen, behalve dat m'n ouders langs komen op zaterdag. Moet kunnen, toch? 




 Nee, ik zit nog steeds overeind bij m'n laptop. Het is al licht buiten en de vogels fluiten. :( Vanmiddag rond een uur of 3 zit ik te gapen, zul je zien. 




 Hey, thanks voor deze woorden. Ik zal het zeker onthouden. :) 




 Sad, but true. 




 Altijd is Kortjakje ziek, more Sinterklaas songs, hmm.. Slaap, kindje, slaap! 




 Ik zit in een vergelijkbare situatie. Ik kom erg lastig uit bed/op gang en zorg zelfs slecht voor mezelf. Mijn gedachten nemen geregeld de vrije loop met me, uiteraard de verkeerde richting in, vooral als ik mij eenzaam voel en 's avonds laat. Mijn dag/nacht ritme is bijna omgedraaid naar een nacht/dag ritme. Ik ben al een paar maanden de moed aan het verzamelen om naar mn huisarts te stappen en naar een psycholoog te vragen omdat ik weet dat dat waarschijnlijk het beste voor me is. Je bent niks verplicht, maar ik zou er wel over nadenken. Sterkte ermee, en als je ooit wilt praten, kun je me een bericht sturen.

Edit: flinke typfout omdat mijn toetsenbord op Engels staat. Niet belangrijk. 




 Als ik zelf de radio aan zet, 3fm. Mijn vader heeft hem op Arrow Classic Rock (digitale zender) wat ook absoluut niet slecht is. Op het werk staat ie op Q-music :( 




 Haven't seen it, happened when school was closed, but one girl committed suicide by jumping off the roof of our school. It took me years before I could walk around that side of the building again. 




 I just whisperer "Wow..." to myself. I'm going to steal this when I start Botania on the server I play on! 




 Dadbee's joy after the last race :) 




 I use Kurt's "Indeed!" purely because it's also the name of the modded community I'm part of at the moment, and we use it quite often just for fun. Never gets old, funny enough. Sometimes I use Generik's "Take care, brush your hair, I'll see ya when I see ya!" or Doc's "Aaaaallllright guysssss" 




 My dad called Dani Alves a Pokemon because of his haircut. 




 This is both fun and hard to watch. With 4 screens split on one, I don't know where to watch! I had to replay the finish of the Airport race because I wasn't watching Kim or Martyn and didn't understand what was going on :( 




 My latest solution: watch Kung Fury 




 Heb hem ontvangen (2nd gen moto G) maar had hem boven aan de lader liggen. Niet gekeken of het stipt 12:00 was en geen idee of hij alleen trilde of ook loeide. 




 I am being very serious here. 




 I had problems, they were there to help me and I didn't accept their help. They walked away from me, of course. 




 Brought my bike to the repair shop, left my key bundle in, only to find out when I got home (30mins train and 10mins on my second bike later). Went back, shop closed 10 minutes before I got there. Couldn't get into my own house for a couple more hours. There were many important keys on that bundle. Second bike key was the only key I had left that day. 




 I get 70 down, 10 up at home. Netherlands. 




 My voice. 




 I'm the same. I don't tell many people how I feel about myself but the people I do tell keep saying I'm great at xyz, I'm awesome, etc. Having a hard time believing them. 




 It was just dogs for me. My parents say I've been ran over by a giant Danish dog when I was 2 years old. I remember nothing and I'm doing way better now around dogs. 




 I have quite some savings on a separate bank account. I would look for a small apartment, finish my bachelor's degree and then look for a job. 




 I was dead afraid of dogs when I was young. One day after school I got chased by a dog that had escaped the house. It was barking too, all black with sharp teeth :( It followed me all the way to my house. 




 Causes - Teach Me How To Dance With You. Beautiful yet sad song from a Dutch band. 




 Ask me how I'm doing today. Keep a conversation going, listen to what I tell and if I don't say much, keep asking questions until I loosen up. 




 One of my best friends in elementary school, who suddenly left, contacted me again after a couple years, and asked me after a couple weeks of chatting out of the blue. Wonder how long he had been thinking about me. I believe I broke his heart because he never spoke to me again after that. 




 Go and see a doctor. You need help. 




 I'm not kidding. I have a small list of things that I actually need to get checked + I might need to be treated for this depression. I've called a doctor, had to fill in a form to register and come bring it. Its been a month now, I still have to bring him that piece of paper. 




 Be a better friend. 




 When friends decide to go do something fun with someone else while they were just talking to me, or we were about to do that exact thing, but then leave me behind without saying anything. Am I not interesting ? 




 Hugs  




 Darude sandstorm? 




 Friend of jolli here. This world has been up for about 3.5 months. 




 This is what probably happened to me and my family years ago. I was young and woke up in the middle of the night because of a flickering orange light through my curtains. Turns out our hedge was on fire and the fire was about to spread onto the houses. (Block of 8 connnected, we're the third from the left) I woke up my parents who woke up my sister, all of our neighbours and called the emergency line. They could not find the cause of the fire, it must have been a cigarette from our neighbour as he's a smoker. I possibly saved multiple lives that night. 




 Well this is a long time ago for me. Been busy with my internship, I should be graduating right now but I lost the internship so I'm delayed for half a year. Also broke up after a relationship of just over 2.5 years. Filling my time with being an admin on a modded minecraft server and looking for a new internship.. Slowly getting back into Mindcrack but I'm completely out of the loop. 




 Hello, I am part of a small community called Indeed (www.indeedcommunity.com) and we host AS2. We are a mature community, generally 21+ years old and we are a very close group due to the use of a big Skype group that is integrated with IRC, so in-game chat and people on skype can also talk to each other directly.

At the moment we have two servers running with 8 islands each and I have one slot left. If you are still looking for a place to play AS2, feel free to check out our website and fill in an application on the forums. I am happy to help you out from there :) 




 The one reason my hands and arms are covered in tiny scars. 









 I woke up in the middle of the night because of a flickering orange glow through my curtains. I opened them and saw that our hedge was on fire. It was about to spread to our house, my room. Went to my parents who called 911, I was 7 years old. I probably saved multiple lives that night as we lived in connected houses. We woke up as many neighbours as possible. No one died that night. 




 Sounds good. Might throw in some screenshots of my current modded base. As I'm not that proud of it, never thought of making it its own thread, but now I'll ask for some ideas :) 




 I'd say try and post this to /r/admincraft  




 Same goes for the cactus seeds that you get from sieving sand! Threw me off as well. 




 Thank you, kind stranger. I hope all is well for you. 




 I am depressed, need to go and see a doctor. I'm in the process since yesterday but it took me a few months to just make the first call. 




 Teamspeak3 




 This made me think of Ashen's Loot Crate video for last month. "A F*CKING INFLATABLE CROWN." 




 I play on this same server and I can only agree with what jolli just posted here. You're allowed to prank, we even have a server that alternates pack+world every 6 weeks (kind of like forgecraft 2), we're a mature community (generally 21+) and I could go on for a long time. 




 It's probably their UUID's. Use a [UUID lookup tool](http://minecraft-techworld.com/uuid-lookup-tool) to find out which UUID belongs to which player. 




 This pisses me off so much. 




 I had a bunch of visual bugs this evening, which is unfortunate because it almost tripled my fps :( Doors didn't open visually (though you hear the sound and you can walk through), items in barrels weren't visible, I broke a couple crops that had weeds on them and they didn't disappear for me, and last but not least: I couldn't see my own gravestone. 




 That was amazing, thank you! 




 Thanks opop, great to hear that.  




 I always get this with witchery. Some mods just keep on giving. :) 




 Allocating too much can cause problems as well. Around 2-3gb should be enough. 




 That's the one. It helped me out a lot :) 




 I just used that ritual that rises nature around the altar, gave me more than I ever needed/expected. 




 Bump? :) 




 This is my first post (well comment) ever on this sub. Just wanted to let you know I'm exactly like you. Broke up with him 2.5 weeks ago after a 2.5 year long relationship and I feel better now. :) 




 Yeah, exactly. I'm looking for tips and tricks to handle Death that are all items or rituals or brews from Witchery itself :) 




 Maybe Garry's mod? 




 Hmm, alright then. Wasn't really planning on becoming a vampire. I'll have a look at the ender severance ring. Someone else told me about a Botania flower that prevents Endermen from teleporting, don't know if it stops Death from doing that, will have to test. 




 You can do that very easily. Our setup on Regrowth is just using floating hydroangeas (spelling?) to keep it open. Don't know how many exactly but they're not too expensive. 




 That's good to know, Botania is in the pack :) Thanks! Is it true he like sucks you in and you can't really fly away? 




 Is there an anti-teleportation trap in circle magic?! 




 Do you have any in-mod tips on how to fight the guy? Something small or big from the mod itself that can either buff me or deal some sort of damage to him? How did you manage to kill him 14 times?! 




 Can you give in-mod tips on how to fight that guy? I'm on Regrowth and there's not really any tech mods with OP armor sets. One of my last quests is to summon and kill him. I've got everything ready in terms of spectres, banshees, poltergeists, spirits and items. I just don't have the guts to do it :( Any tip small or big is helpful. I'm gonna have a look at infusions now, but there's also something to do with symbology? Is any type of familiar useful? Anything else? Some sort of brew? 




 Cool, thanks :D Great cake man! 




 I'm the listener. Very quiet but when any of them wants to get something off their chest, they come to me for a good talk. 




 Oooh show us the inside too!? 




