 Don't know, haven't watched it for years now! 




 No, but that's the point! The wee red card keeps drawing my eye towards it away from the game! 




 Jesus, that would irritate the shit out of me if I was watching!! I find it so distracting!

EDIT: Re-worded 




 Does that little red card above the team name stay there for the whole match? 




 It's the nasheeds that really make these videos for me. For some reason I barely raise a smile when it's just the explosion, but add the nasheed on the end I piss myself laughing!

 




 It's a damn good recording though! 




 Fuck I had no idea she had natural tits! Fucking incredible. 




 Reminds me of [this ](http://www.thefootballramble.com/images/blog/webb.gif)classic gif 




 Anyone know who this is? I have a serious weakness for redheads! 









 Could well be! It only has French on the information boards, so I couldn't read any of it! 




 Stephanie Fox 




 I put her name as the title, it's Milana Yuzhakova. I'd never heard of her before! 









 Well, that wasn't what I expected! Every time I hear Hazard has scored, I always think it's going to involve a really neat turn or curling shot - I kind of forget that he even does the basics any more!

Although it sounds like there was a part missing from the gif where he did show some real skill, if the comments are anything to go by. 




 Agreed! She's fucking gorgeous! And those are some huge ta-tas! 




 Apologies for the poor quality, the light is really low and it's hard to get a decent picture. 









 And a partial [source](http://www.redtube.com/1048416).

Credit to /u/OneEyedBiclops for that. 




 /r/HugeDickTinyChick  









 Dalglish definitely fits the bill. Regularly placed in the top 3 players of all time for both clubs, and often in top spot! 




 I had a similar revelation not long ago. There's a shop round the corner from me, and one of the guys who works there seemed to be there almost constantly, and I always thought he just worked ridiculous hours. 

I held that assumption for a good 6 months, until one day I walked into the shop and I saw the man and his identical twin brother stacking shelves. It was such a revelation, that I let out a very audible 'aaaaaaaaaah'.   




 Did a quick search for this, as I was pretty sure it would have been posted already, but it doesn't appear that way! 









  Wizard.

How I wish this word was used more often in every day chat. It's infinitely better than people saying 'cool' all the time! 




 Liked this line from the BBC Sport text feed:

"All about Hazard though - he could beat a defender inside a phone box." 




 Cheers mate, I agree that Armstrong and GMS seem to have hit the ground running! Are we playing a good passing style? 




 I'm a Celt in exile, so I very rarely get to watch any games, and was just wondering how we're doing on the park these days? Are we starting to play some good stuff? Are things improving under Deila? Would be really interested to hear your thoughts.

Cheers! 




 That is the best titfuck I've ever seen! 









 OMG I cannot thank you enough!!! Incredible woman! 




 Stephanie Fox. She did modelling for a bit, all non nude stuff, then kind of disappeared from the scene as far as I'm aware. 




 Jess Christ this is just my type of woman! Does anyone know her name? 




 I wouldn't go so far as to say no child. I've always been far more impressed with the blue whale skeleton, even as a boy. 




 Judging by the comments already posted, I think I might be in the minority, but I can't wait for this to happen. I've always been far more impressed with the blue whale skeleton just because of its sheer size and I think it's going to look absolutely  amazing the way they're doing it! Really looking forward to this :)

I'm also impressed with their reasons for doing so. Dinosaurs are amazing and everything, but they're gone! If this inspires little boys and girls to try and save the animals we have left I'm all for it! 




 The BBC text description of West Ham's goal is brilliant :)

Oh dear! Crisp packet wrists from Hull keeper Allan McGregor, and it's costly. The Scot can only parry out a dipping strike from Enner Valencia and Andy Carroll lumbers into view to bury the loose change. Must do better. 




 I often wonder how much coverage stories like this get, outside of the countries that they happen in. This was absolutely massive news at the time here in the UK, and I can personally only think of a few stories that garnered more coverage in my lifetime (death of Princess Di, Maddy McCann disappearance maybe). It makes me think there must be loads of huge events or things that have happened in other places, where people who live there all know about it, but that I'm completely oblivious about. 




 The title makes it sound like the meteorite was the one doing the filming. :) 




 Yeah I agree. I think if he thought he couldn't score he would have laid it off. But the confidence to even shoot from what appeared to be a well-covered angle is extremely impressive. 




 I find this clip a really interesting insight into the mind of someone like Costa (i.e. a prolific striker). Being a more defensive minded player when I play, I would have cut that ball back every time, to whoever was running in, because I'm not very confident at finishing. But Costa just sticks his head down and buries it himself. 




 Is that another assist from Fabregas? 




 What a fucking incredible woman. I actually prefer more natural pictures like this to the heavily airbrushed stuff she does on pinupfiles. (I realise this picture could also be airbrushed, but if it is, I don't think it looks as obvious). 




 I think this is a pretty well known shot, but I searched on this sub and couldn't find it, so thought I'd post it, incase anyone hasn't seen it before. One of my personal favourites. 














 That was a great video, cheers! Love the girl's hip movements when she was facing towards the camera - really fucking sexy. 














 Yeah I'll definitely try again when there are actual people sat there! I can't remember what time it was when I took this one. Hadn't thought about trying to dodge the shadows but could give it a go :)

Thanks! 




 Thanks for the reply. I was looking at the picture again just before you posted, and thought to myself whether I should have made sure the whole bike was in or not, and you've answered my question! I'll get more of the pavement next time. I took it a long time ago, but I think I the top portion is a bit higher, not for the windows, but for the flagpoles. But I can take it again without them in the top and see how it looks.

Thanks :) 




 Ah fair enough, I can see that now :)

Out of interest, which palace is it? 




 I've recently purchased my first proper SLR, and one of the things I love to take pictures of is shop and restaurant fronts because I like pictures that are busy, and have lots of little detail and different textures for the eye to look at, and was wondering if anyone could critique this picture?

Personally, I think I've made it too dark, and I should have waited until there were actually people eating outside the restaurants (although I do think the darkness of the restaurants makes the signs stand out a bit more), but can anyone else give me any tips? I'm heading to Paris in about a month, and really want to improve on this style of picture taking before then. 









 I'm only a hobbyist photographer, so I'm not going to try and give advice on technique! But speaking as someone who just likes looking at photos, I personally found the figure in the right-foreground to be too intrusive. It was the first thing that drew my eye when I opened the picture, but it didn't really lead my eye into the rest of it. And when I was trying to look at the rest of the picture, my eyes were still drawn over to the figure.
 




 Awesome, thank you :) 









 [Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrqC58T64j4)

No idea what it's actually from, I'm afraid. 









 Haha good spot, I completely misread it! 




 Akinfenwa is [pretty good](http://i.imgur.com/w7ZuVRp.jpg) it seems. 




 Can someone please explain to me how people do this? I managed to balance one rock on it's point, but if I so much as breathed, it would fall over. How do people do multiple rocks like this without the whole thing collapsing? 









 Second that! 




 [Maria Zarring](https://www.google.co.uk/search?biw=1920bih=979tbm=ischsa=1q=maria+von+zarringbtnG=#tbm=ischq=maria+zarring) 




 Oh sorry, the A5000 yeah, completely misread that on the site! Thanks for the tips. Although I've literally just noticed it doesn't have a viewfinder, which is a bit of a deal-breaker for me :(

Are there any other decent slrs in the 250ish bracket, or am I going to have to increase my budget? 




 Hello photography!

Like many of the questions posted already, I'm looking for advice on what camera to buy. I've been using a DSC-R1 for the past year and a half-ish, and it's served me well, but I bought it second hand, and it's started becoming temperamental, so I've decided to go ahead and get a new one, which will allow me to change the lens as well.

I was looking at the Sony A500 which seems to get good reviews, and is within my budget range (don't really want to go above £250). Is this a good camera to start with? And would I be able to put a macro lens on it?

My favourite subjects for pictures are architecture, sculpture, and street photography, if that makes any difference to your answers.

Thanks! 




 I took [this](http://i.imgur.com/Boirlnt.jpg) picture of it in the mist a while back, that I thought added an air of creepiness to it :) 




 This is a great picture! Do you have one of the whole thing? 









 Dan Marino is one of the best quarterbacks to ever play American Football, but he never won the Superbowl, in the same way that Gerrard hasn't won the Premier League (although obviously he has won the Champions League, which could be considered bigger).

I can't really put my finger on why I don't like him to be honest, I just never warmed to him at all. Although one thing that did really annoy me was when he had the brass neck to chastise players in his book for diving, as if he was some paragon of fair play, when he was hardly innocent of it himself. Obviously he was never as bad as Drogba or Ronaldo at their worst, but he still did it. 




 Well, this news has affected me in a way I never thought possible. Although this sounds completely juvenile and petty (because it is) I've been actively supporting any team that plays Liverpool for years and years, and praying that they don't win the league while Gerrard is there, because I just can't stand the guy, and thought I'd have a right laugh when he retired with no league medals.

But now that it looks like it's actually happening, I find that I'm actually really saddened by it, which I was not expecting at all! He's like the Dan Marino of football!

Best of luck to the guy wherever he goes, he's definitely one of the PL greats. 









 "One touch, BANG!"

- Michael Owen 




 http://gyazo.com/e53eb50ee0d55efec4cbb4e710b1f0e5 




 2 penalties.

Someone could literally sit in the middle of the pitch doing nothing for an entire game, but score 2 penalties. Doesn't mean they had a good game. 




 That reminds of the time I was playing volleyball, and our coach described something as a 'three way street'. Cue lots of confused faces. 




 "If I pretend I was drinking my water, they won't think it was my fault."

Never seen anyone look quite so sheepish after a goal! 




 It's at times like this where I don't understand the opposition to some kind of challenge or review system. The play had been stopped anyway, and it would take seconds to look at this again, and realise where the mistake was. There have been so many shocking decisions lately that could easily be overturned quickly on the field. 




 The first part of the book is about how to illicit the relaxation response in your body (the opposite of the response to stress) by using methods such as deep breathing or mindful meditation. I started doing meditation, thinking it wouldn't really work for me, but it's been the best thing I've ever taken up, but it has to be consistent to work.

Then it gets you to do an audit of your needs. Are you happy in your work? Do you have enough friends? etc. And then you work on each of these as much as you can. So, if you lack a social circle, joining a class or something like that to get you out meeting people.

Do you have to do a lot of work at home, or does your work finish at 5.30 and then you're done? If so, you've got loads of time to meet other people! Even if it takes you 30 minutes to get home, then an hour to relax and get something to eat, you still have time to do stuff. I think the most important thing is trying to find something you enjoy, so that you'll be more likely to actually do it. 




 TL:DR; Rangers are in a bit of a mess. 



















 My Rangers supporting mates seem happy with it. The group who bought the shares are all wealthy fans I think, so they'd have the clubs best interests in mind a lot more than the likes of Ashley and co. would, 




 I remember this picture being posted to /r/pics ages ago, so I tracked it down and posted here as I thought people would like it.

Apparently, this is in Dublin, and the source is an Instagram site called [Dublin Daily](http://instagram.com/dublindaily). The look on his wee face is priceless! 









 Thanks :) 




 Can anyone tell me what's happening in this scene exactly? I haven't seen the film, and my distaste of Cameron Diaz means I never will! 




 Sorry to hear about your difficulties mate, this is something I can certainly relate to. I came back from travelling a few years ago, and since then I've felt really lost in life, and unfortunately I also developed a moderate depression, while all my friends seem to be settled and happy.

[This](http://www.amazon.co.uk/lift-depression-Human-Givens-Approach/dp/1899398414) is a book that I've found really useful to help me get by. Although the main focus of the book is about how to lift depression, it can also be used as a prevention rather than a cure. I'm pointing this book out, because telling yourself things will get better isn't a very proactive approach, and I've found that to be one of the biggest factors in how I feel. If you don't change anything in your life, it's unlikely things will just change of their own accord and get better for you in general. I really hope I'm not coming across as patronising here, I have no idea of your personal circumstances - I'm just going by my own personal experiences.

And when you say you have nobody to guide you out of it, I would seriously recommend some kind of talk therapy with a professional if that's the case. Having some kind of support is so important at times like this. Even having someone you can offload to is a big help.

Anyway, I hope I haven't offended, and apologies if I have. I hope that 2015 does prove to be a better year for you!

Take care :) 




 Danny Boyle was the one that stood out for me. I know he did the Olympics ceremonies, and has made some great films, but a Knighthood? Seems a bit much! 




 I couldn't agree more with the statement Patrick Harvie (Green MSP) made regarding Katie Hopkins:

 “Katie Hopkins is the lowest product of mindless celeb culture: she simply says the vilest things she can think of to provoke a reaction.”

It's clear as fucking day that she thrives on this kind of attention, and with newspapers and websites like the BBC constantly reporting the stuff she says, it's just enabling her ridiculous behaviour.

No need to get police involved, just ignore the cunt. 




 That music is so nice! :) 




 Apologies if this has been posted already, I did a search for it but nothing came up. If it is a repost, just let me know and I'll take this down. Cheers! 









 In a similar vein, I've always liked the saying:

"Pale Death beats equally at the poor man's gate and at the palaces of kings." 




 This is from an Australian TV series called Underbelly, and the woman in the scene is Madeleine West. Fellow Brits might recognise her from her stint in Neighbours.

[Full scene here](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xj0zb1_madeleine-west-underbelly-film-clip_redband). Definitely worth a watch.

EDIT: Re-submitted by mods as I hadn't put an NSFW tag on it the first time. Apologies! 









 [Mia Zarring](https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=maria+zarringbiw=1920bih=979source=lnmstbm=ischsa=Xei=j_WiVIu8HITV7Qb_04HYDgved=0CAYQ_AUoAQ#tbm=ischq=mia+zarring), who I happen to think has the best body in the business. My absolute favourite model :) 




 And on top of that, it's also the number 1 submission in the all time list (albeit a slightly different version). 




 Yeah, looked there but there isn't one :( It's ok though, got it fixed :) 




 Thanks for the replies people, after a bit more searching I found [this](https://github.com/john-peterson/bin-patch/wiki/XInput) which worked :) 




 Thanks mate, I'll definitely keep this in mind, but I'm going to wait and see if there are any other solutions for the moment. Just watched a vid of how to remove and it seems easy enough, although I don't actually have a screwdriver in this house :( 




 Hi TechSupport,

I recently purchased an XBox 360 controller for Windows, because there are certain games I play where it's beneficial to have one. One of those games was South Park Stick of Truth, but I'm having a major issue with it.

When you are in a battle in the game, the pad vibrates when you block or do a power attack. But more often than not, my pad gets stuck on vibrate, and eventually turns itself off. It means when I play I need to constantly take out and put back in the controller. In the space of one fight, I end up having to do this about 7-8 times, and it's completely ruining my enjoyment of the game.

The problem is, there is no way to turn off vibration in the in-game settings, and the keyboard and mouse controls are absolutely dreadful.

If anyone could provide a solution for this I'd be very grateful. I've seen this problem on Steam forums, so it's a known issue, but none of the threads I've read seem to provide any answers. I'd be happy to download some free software that would allow me to disable vibration on the pad completely, not just for SP. I don't think it ever adds anything to games anyway.

Any help would be very gratefully received.

Thanks

 




 This is perfect thanks! I was already subbed to cemetery porn but didn't realise there was a whole network of them! 




 I recently subscribed to /r/pics but quickly unsubscribed, as I felt the content was really poor. What I expected was to see loads of interesting pictures, but so many of the posts are completely mundane pictures that get upvoted just because of some assoicated sob story or manipulative anecdote and it's really not what I'm after!

Can anyone recommend some good subs for pictures that are interesting as they are? I've already subbed to /r/pic, /r/EarthPorn and /r/photography, but would love to hear suggestions for any more.

The kind of things I like looking at are:

Wildlife and Nature

Old buildings and architecure

Old artefacts and objects

Space

Landscapes

Fantasy stuff (LotR type things - pictures or art)


If anyone knows any good ones, that aren't in the categories above, I'll definitely consider them. Please don't link me to any gory stuff though, don't want to see that!

Thanks in advance :) 




 Sundrawland. 




 He already independently owns key marketing assets like stadium naming rights

I have no idea about the other assets he has, but apparently he no longer has the stadium naming rights. I think he gave them back at the same time he provided the loan.

 




 I'll do that, cheers. Enjoy the film :D 




 I thought the exact same thing today. I was buying jeans in Debenhams and the woman at the fitting room was really nice and very patient (it took me multiple trips to find a pair I wanted and that fit) and I made sure i thanked her a lot on the way out but would like to do more. Is an email the best way to do it? I didn't get her name unfortunately, so I'll just need to describe her! 




 The writer in the Metro today described this as an 'agricultural tackle'. Thought that was a pretty good line. 




 Fucking hell, I was on Argyle St today, and thought about heading to George Square to see the decorations, but changed my mind. I can't be certain of the exact time, but it couldn't have been far off! And my brother works in one of the buildings on the street the lorry went flying down, but he was inside and he's ok. I've just got off the phone to him, and the stuff he's described is horrific :(

What a horrible, horrible tragedy, and only a year on from the crash at the Clutha :( :( 




 I keep forgetting just how young Jones is! 




 Nice ramblings! Thanks for the detail :)

I'm a bit surprised that everyone so far has put Carrick ahead of Blind, I was under the impression Blind was doing really well for you before his injury.

And how is Jones doing? Weren't there were question marks about him? 









 [Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TeQtMvuwR0) 









 I was about to say how disappointed I was finding out it was a morph until you posted this. She still looks fucking incredible without the shop! 




 I could stare at that ass for days. 




 There's /r/sweatermeat and /r/TightShirts which cater to that :) neither are as active as this sub but still worth a look! 




 I would honestly prefer to look at a picture like this rather than something like a bikini shot. I love the way huge tits stretch out clothes like this. 




 Yeah shows off her amazing legs! 




 Source In Comments. 




 Thanks :D This is one of my all time favourite videos. Watching her get slammed for about 20 minutes straight is incredible. 




 He seems to be in a lot of Katie Morgan's vids, she obviously likes working with him! 




 [Randy Spears](http://tour.naughtyamerica.com/pornstar/randy-spears/?nats=4.4.8.8.1169.0.0.0.0) 




 [Source](http://www.xvideos.com/video1069409/katie_morgan_gets_pounded_-_full_) 









 [Source](http://www.xvideos.com/video1069409/katie_morgan_gets_pounded_-_full_)

One of my top vids of all time. It take a few minutes to start, but once it does, it's basically Katie Morgan getting slammed for about 20 minutes. A great watch! 









 Christmas party cancelled. 




 Ah I see, I seem to have misunderstood the comment. I thought he meant actually winning the World Cup, rather than just playing well. 




 I've never really understood this line of thinking to be honest - that to be considered the greatest of all time he has to have a World Cup title under his belt. He could have played the game of his life, but still lost the final due to someone else's fuck up. It shouldn't affect his personal status as a player IMO. 




  Since he's so fucking good at dribbling, people can forget how insanely clinical Messi is.

This is absolutely me! When I think of Messi, I don't think of him as an incredible goalscorer, even though he clearly is. I think the reason you mentioned is definitely a large part of it, but I also think it's because of the way he just kind of gets on with it, and doesn't make a big show of things.

Whereas when I think about Ronaldo, the first thing I think about is how he's an absolute goal machine, and I think a large part of that is because he's so 'box office' for lack of a better term.

 




 As mentioned in another thread, I'm upgrading to Win 7 64 bit, and one of the things I need for it is a bootable USB stick. But can I put other stuff on it as well?

I was going to buy a 64gb stick, make it the bootable USB, but also have some stuff on their that I can't really afford to lose from my current PC.

Is that do-able, or will I need 2 separate USB sticks?

Thanks! 




 Thanks for the info! :)

Unfortunately, I don't have a current key for Windows. I bought the PC second hand, and there's no key on the case or anything. I'm not even sure if I'm running a legit copy of Windows tbh! Which is another reason I'd like to get a proper one! 




 Was that something some people were saying before he signed? I was one of those who wasn't sure if he'd click in the PL or not, but the physical aspect of the game wasn't one of my reasons. The guy's a beast! 




 What about [goalkeepers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fgIIqonblo) that do it? 




 Thank you :) 




 Ah right, thanks! Has that ever happened out of interest? Having the same match twice in a row? 




 How come they play Chelsea twice within a month (almost)? Did they have a game postponed earlier in the year? 




 Yeah I read that earlier elsewhere, but thanks for the heads up! Much appreciated :) 




 Eto'o was a great signing! 




 I just bought and installed Shadow Of Mordor, only to discover that I hadn't read the min spec closely enough and that it requires 64 bit Windows, which I don't have. I then checked my PC specs, and know that it can run 64 bit Windows, so I'm going to get the upgrade.

I would buy a normal full price version of it from the shops, but it's so expensive, and I don't have massive amounts of disposable income at the moment.

So because of that, I went on Ebay to see what they had, but I'm naturally a bit wary as to the authenticity of the stuff available there.

I just had a look at these two pages:

[Windows Home](http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/Microsoft-Windows-7-Home-Premium-64Bit-with-SP1-OEM-Full-Version/141443344445?_trksid=p2047675.c100010.m2109_trkparms=aid%3D555012%26algo%3DPW.MBE%26ao%3D1%26asc%3D20140221143405%26meid%3D544e47b48dea4faaaeedaeb361e83b99%26pid%3D100010%26prg%3D20140221143405%26rk%3D3%26rkt%3D24%26mehot%3Dpp%26sd%3D221586675678)

[Windows Pro](http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/Microsoft-Windows-7-Professional-SP-1-Full-Version-64-Bit-Pro-With-DVD-COA-/221586675678?pt=UK_Computing_Software_Software_SRhash=item33979857de)

How likely is it that they're above board? I mean, the Windows Home one talks about being a Dell DVD, but in the description it says it'll run on any machine.

I'd really appreciate any advice on this, I want to avoid any blunders!

Thanks! 




 Does anyone know who this is? 









 Lisa Bullock, apparently. No idea if she's been in anything else. 




 Sorry, I made the gif from gfycat, and you select how long the capture is, and I went a wee bit too long! 




 [Here's the full scene](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x9xdo0_catherine-bell-sex-scene-from-hotli_redband), complete with comedy softcore porno sax! 














 [Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQAdWxuPBJw) 









 I don't get to see many Celtic games these days, so if any Celtic fans here who watch regularly could fill me in on how we're playing these days I'd be very grateful.

Are things improving for us now, in terms of how we're playing? 




 Fields of Anfield Road I believe it is. If not, it's something along those lines. 




 Just posted the same thing. Wasn't Blatter saying he didn't want it because it would slow the game down or something? How long did that decision take? 3 seconds?? 




 I can't believe it took so long for goalline technology to come in. It's so quick and easy! 









 Christ, that's unreal. He's literally filling her up. 














 If the game was played tomorrow, I honestly think it would be quite close. I don't think we're that far ahead in terms of how we're playing at the moment. Yeah we destroyed Partick, but they were down to ten men.
I'm saying tomorrow because obviously the game itself is a few months away, and we might be playing better by then.

But what Rangers have really got going for them is that there won't be any pressure on them at all, it's all going to be on us. I do wonder how we'll cope with that. 




 Same! And I'm equally happy that we managed to find a brilliant replacement. Everyone's a winner :D 




 Ah ok, thanks. I'll bear that in mind! 




 I found this gif of the scene, but decided to go with the youtube vid for the bigger size and higher quality :)

Having to watch JD in between was a small price to pay, I thought :D 









 Fuck me! Anyone know who this is? 









 Alia Janine :) personally I think she was the best tit  fucker out there. 




 If this ends in a draw is it a replay or extra time? 




 Not working for me either. It just judders at the beginning over and over. Never happened before, not sure what could be causing it :(

Thanks anyway, FredSports :) 




  One of the few teams in the league that I have nothing against. 

I'd be interested to hear which teams you have something against, and what it is you have against them. 




 Interesting wee tidbit - Everton hold the record for most seasons competing in the top tier. There was a period of 4 years in the 1950s where they dropped out but apart from that they've always been in the top flight. 




 We call them ladybirds in the UK. Same creature though :) 




 I was leaving my house earlier today when I happened to see a spider on the hedge on the way out, and it was wrapping up a ladybird it'd just caught. Obviously I've seen spiders catch things before but never been able to get this close, so I whipped out my phone and got some snaps, and this was the best one :) 









 Was there one after that? From the BBC text, it sounded like there was a chance he had at the end that he completely missed, and the ball ended up going through his legs or something. 




 He's not on the bench, it would have to be Lambert or Markovic. 




 From the BBC text, about the Gerrard chance:

*Sixty seconds later, the Liverpool midfielder almost gives his side a barely deserved lead.*

A barely deserved lead?? Based on that half, a Liverpool lead wouldn't even be remotely deserved, never mind barely. It's incredible how QPR aren't at least 1 goal up. 




 Yeah he's one of their coaches. 




 His [excited skipping](http://i.imgur.com/2b6Yo7e.gif) is even better! :D 




 Ah right, cheers :) 




 You're getting streamsp? When I go there it says the site is on hiatus. 




