 I have Pokerus Pokemon.

edit: whoops forgot to add that I am adding you, and my FC is in my flair :) 




 Your second pokemon is Dedenne :) If you sign online (and have beat the Elite Four) on the game, I can tell you your third. 




 I was going to see if I could check all three before I told you but I have to express frustration now.

You have fairy type (my first fairy friend! :) ) and I have run into about 300 Swirlix and nothing else. I know it isn't the only pokemon in here, but apparently it's the only pokemon who wants to come out and play. 




 Sure thing. Adding you now. 




 That's okay, I don't have any poison safaris yet, added you :) 




 I don't know what people are looking for or want but I would love a Ditto. I will add others, too, to fill out my safari.

1521-2703-1193. Thank you! 




 THANK YOU 




 added!! thank you!!! 




 Thank you!! 




 Can I add you as well? I was just about to post that I was looking for Vulpix when I saw this. 




 Added you!

1521-2703-1193 




 I'd like a Girafarig. Adding you! 




 Have you hit the limit yet? I could use some Dittos!!

edit: I forgot to mention that I added you 




 Thank you! 




 Added! Also, would you check my friend code? I'm 1521 - 2703 -1193 




 Someone told me not to get Fennekin because the last evolution was ugly. I love the idea of a fire/psychic type, though, so I picked Fennekin anyway. I don't get all the hate for Delphox. I think it looks like a pokemon who could set you on fire with its mind, and that's exactly what it is.  




 "even a Texan"

You may be underestimating how proud Texans are of being Texan. 




 I've rewritten this too many times trying to clearly explain what I'm looking for without going on for ages and getting sidetracked or adding too much information, all of which are problems I have when attempting to express myself.

In text, I can revise what I'm trying to say which is helpful with the above problems, but there are more issues still. I have trouble remembering words, and it's really bad because though I can describe what the word means (sort of, I kind of speak my own language sometimes that only a couple of people can understand), I will try to say things like 'it starts with [x]' when it doesn't start with that letter at all, or even worse, the word I'm searching for doesn't actually exist and I'm thinking of a different word that doesn't have the meaning I'm looking for (for example, I'll be describing a word that I want to be a general word for different kinds of climates and people will suggest biomes, ecosystems, but none of those are right, the word I'm looking for starts with a T, but it turns out the word I want is 'triangulate' and I end up frustrated because I still don't have the word I want to use and now I have a useless word) (that is a real life example) (this is an example of too much information)

I have social anxiety and it doesn't help me articulate my thoughts at all. I don't want to keep going on, I just want to learn how to articulate my thoughts in both text and verbal conversation.

The last thing I want to say is that telling me to slow down my talking and give myself time to think doesn't help, because I've done that, and I'm still trying, but I end up not being able to think of what I'm saying and being quiet for too long and the conversation moves on and I lose my original thought entirely.

I'm sorry if this doesn't make sense, I'll try to clarify anything that is confusing or poorly worded. Thank you in advance. 




 Happy birthday to us!! I'm turning 26 so it's extra, extra special. 




 I know :D I'm very excited about sharing a birthday with Joel. Then I realized I'm getting the apocalypse for my birthday. 




 My birthday is tomorrow. 




 Thanks!!! :D 




 Hehe, thanks, I try my best every day 




 Thank you! :) 









 About four months ago, I started coming out as genderfluid to my closest friends. I'm FAAB and my name/nickname were both really feminine. I like my birth name (Erica), but I feel sort of disconnected from it, and I wanted to shed my nickname (Rikka) because I wanted to shed my names like old skin and come out as the real me. I started going by James. I know it's a masculine name, but it's my favorite name, and I didn't see any issue with being called James no matter how I presented.

Now I've got two issues.

I feel no connection to any of my names. I see Erica and I think, that's someone who isn't me. That's who I am when I'm with my mother, or my grandparents. When I see Rikka, I wince. I don't even know why. Maybe because so many awful things happened to me while I went by that name? When I see James, though, I don't associate it with me. It made me happy, at first, being called James, but now I'm just sort of confused. Is that a sign I should find a new name?

On top of having no connection to my names, I have recently been feeling more feminine, and I feel guilty. I didn't really make a big deal out of being a dude to my friends, I did ask one of my very closest friends to use male pronouns while talking to people who don't know me, and she uses them with me sometimes, which is fine still. It's not really about pronouns for me, not at the moment.

I don't know how to describe what I'm feeling really. For a while, I stopped shaving my legs, because it looked more masculine to have super hairy legs and I could just tell people "I'm too lazy" or "I wear pants all the time so who cares", but it was sort of a small thing I could have that no one could see (like I said, I wear pants most of the time). I told one friend that I stopped shaving (I can't remember why now).

Recently, I started shaving again, though. When I mentioned something about shaving my legs to the same friend, he questioned it. I felt defensive. I told him about the genderfluid stuff, so why couldn't I just say "I've been feeling girly"?

**tl;dr**

1. I feel disconnected from my names, including one I chose for myself, and feel nameless.
2. I feel guilty for wanting to present as feminine, because I'm FAAB. 




 I wasn't sure if it counted as OC if I didn't make the game, but I took the screenshot? If it isn't OC, then I can take it down and repost it without the tag 









 I was diagnosed with depression when I was pretty young. It was fairly mild, but gradually got worse over time up until a time period between 2009 up to 2012, when I hit rock bottom over, and over, and over.

I don't want to get into specifics because, well, I'm not here to talk about that. I will just say that it was two years of hell followed by a year of having zero energy and not giving a shit about anything.

I slept almost constantly. I would be up for maybe 4 hours tops (usually less, sometimes as little as 10 minutes) before going back to sleep for anywhere from 4-16 hours, occasionally even longer. It was miserable. When I was awake, I was eating quick and easy junk food because I had no energy to even make a sandwich. I couldn't even heat up a frozen dinner.

So what happened was I basically laid around and got fat. Well, fatter.

Then, in mid 2012, I met someone. I met him online. He lives an ocean away from me in England, but I fell for him HARD. I was infatuated with him and I was so happy. I had energy. I didn't hate the world. I didn't know what it felt like to be sad anymore. I never wanted it to stop.

I knew it would, though. The soaring feeling would wear off. I'd never felt like that before, but I knew myself. Nothing lasted for me if it was good, but for once, knowing I was going to fall into another depression at some point in the future didn't make me feel hopeless. I wanted that feeling to last, but I also knew it couldn't. That didn't mean I had to go back to rock bottom, though.

For the first time in my life, I wanted help for my depression. I actually wanted to learn how to manage it. I had a whole plan. I would get back on meds, I'd take them regularly, I'd go to therapy, I'd see a psychiatrist, I'd learn to function like a real adult. I'd get a job. I'd go to school. I'd save money and I would fly to England so I could hug that boy in person.

And I started doing just that. I found a psychiatrist and started an intensive therapy program. Then everything started to go downhill.

My car was broken in to. Nothing was stolen, but they had gone through everything and pulled out things I'd hidden, things that brought up awful memories that made me sick to my stomach. The guy in England told me that even though he had feelings for me, he didn't want a long-distance relationship. I had known the whole time that we wouldn't date, even though I was and still am willing to try an LDR. Actually being told that, though, was absolutely crushing.

Even though the amazing feeling was gone, and thinking about him hurt, I still wanted to learn to manage my depression. I kept going to therapy. I kept seeing my psychiatrist. But I was back to having no energy. It was a struggle to stay awake during therapy (3 hours 4 days a week) no matter how much or how little I'd slept. But I stuck with it, and I finished up the therapy program with hope.

I was still fat, though, and I hated it. No matter how good I felt about other things, if I saw myself in a mirror, I was miserable. I didn't want to torture myself with diet and exercise right off the bat, I didn't want to jump right in and overwhelm myself and quit after two days.

I cut out soda and caffeine and started drinking water in hopes that it would help me get some energy. It may have, but it wasn't much. What I did notice, though, was that I lost weight. I was 10 pounds lighter, and for someone who's four feet and eleven inches, that's actually noticeable. Still, I was overweight. Obese, even. I felt better without the soda and caffeine, but it wasn't enough. The most noticeable differences were less headaches, and my acid reflux was gone. (That was extremely exciting, I went from having to eat Tums like candy while sucking down pepcid to not having to use either at all)

Finally, I mentioned it to my psychiatrist. I hadn't before, and I wish I had sooner. With my lack of energy and difficulty concentrating on things, she decided to prescribe Adderall.

I was nervous about it at first, because I have abused prescription drugs in the past. I told myself, take it like you're supposed to. See how it works. See what it does for you.

I knew that if it actually helped me, I didn't want to abuse it because I didn't want it to get taken away like the other pills.

I was given a pretty low dose at first and my instructions were to take it twice a day, one when I woke up, one five hours later, and they should wear off by the time I'm supposed to go to bed. When I picked up the pills, it was roughly around the time I was supposed to take the second one, early afternoon, so I decided to take it.

One pill kept me up for over 24 hours. I remember looking at the clock and realizing that I'd woken up 26 hours earlier and I wasn't tired at all. I thought that was strange, but I hadn't been downing them like candy or anything. It was just a powerful drug that I wasn't used to, I told myself. But I loved the feeling of being AWAKE. I was so NOT TIRED. I should have worried, and I did abuse them at first but I denied it to myself. I'm not abusing them, I'm not doing this all the time, etc etc.

I would stay up until I was delirious with them, because I loved not having to sleep. I spent so much time sleeping, and now I wasn't sleeping!! I could do stuff!!! And I could FOCUS. The first time I took it, I played a flash game on Neopets for 7 hours. I did nothing else.

Another side effect was that I wasn't hungry. I didn't snack constantly. I barely ate. The pounds were melting off, and even if I wasn't THIN still, I was lighter than I'd been in years. I fudged the truth for people when they asked me what I was doing to lose the weight. I told them, I'm controlling my portions, snacking less, and not drinking soda. It was all true, but only technically. I was controlling my portions by barely eating anything, and no snacking is less than any amount of snacking. The soda thing, that was the only part that wasn't a misleading truth. 

Fairly quickly, though, my body adjusted. One pill didn't keep me up for a day, and it didn't suppress my appetite quite as much. When I fell asleep only an hour after taking an Adderall, I had her increase my dose.

Despite my actions when I was first prescribed it, I finally controlled myself when she said that she might change it if it's not working as well. I realized that if I kept going on that route, I'd lose the meds, and they gave me so much energy and I was getting things DONE, even if sometimes I would take them for the sole purpose of not sleeping for two days. And I had lost weight, something I hadn't done in years!!! Or ever, really, I got fat pretty slowly and just sort of stayed there.

After that, though, I stopped abusing it. I stopped starving myself. I took it how I was supposed to, and instead of avoiding eating, I took advantage of the lack of appetite to eat smaller portions.

My mood was better because I had meds that worked for me, I had lost weight and was keeping it off, now in a healthier way, and the best thing happened during all this.

I got to go to England and I got to give the guy who started all of this the hug I'd wanted to give him since the beginning.

I was incredibly lucky. My friend paid for me to go with him, and we met up with the guy I'm crazy about and I got to spend two days with him. Best two days of my life, honestly.

In 2011, after two years of absolute hell, I tried to kill myself four times.
2012 started with apathy, exhaustion, and 175 pounds.
It ended with a broken heart, a lot of hope, and 35 pounds gone.

2013 started with energy and a European vacation, and now I'm sitting here at 125 pounds (still not at my goal weight, but I'll get there!) and I'm *okay* for the first time since I was eight years old, and that's the best I could hope for.

[Before  After pictures of me](http://i.imgur.com/gbAGUch.jpg)

The first picture is actually in the later half of 2012, my heart's already been broken and I've started therapy. I'm 165 pounds and at Six Flags for my 25th birthday.

The second picture was taken in May of this year. I'm 125 pounds, both in that picture, and right now.

I don't know what typically goes in this subreddit, but this is something I wanted to say so I thought it fit. I don't care if anyone sees it or reads it or whatever, but I just needed to say it. 

But if you did read all of this, then [this is for you.](http://i.imgur.com/l08GotR.jpg) 




 I'm not a huge fan of Hot Topic overall, but I admit that sometimes I go in there for fandom merchandise (typically t-shirts) when I'm at the mall.

In any case, it sounds like she's going to have an awesome birthday :)  




 I have Luna's wand from that collection :) I was also surprised at how heavy they are. They have a metal core, I think lead? 

This is an awesome gift, you get an E. She'll love it. 




 I had some at the Harry Potter studio tour in London, it was amazing. It was very sweet, kind of butterscotchy and something else... The foam on top was thick and sweet and kind of like ice cream.

Most of the recipes I've tried use apple cider, which I don't like at all, but the stuff I had in London was what I had always imagined. It was perfect, and I'm so upset that I can't just go out and buy some. 




 Woo!! High five!! 

o/ 




 Maybe I AM Joel... 




