 I will be done with any sanctions by the time legalization becomes a thing in Indiana, unless they clear retroactive charges.  




 Well, I should be able to plea out to where it is fines or community service.  




 Well yeah, the fines and bond repayment are going to fuck me up  




 Considering my court date is in a week and a half, that's not gonna happen  




 Well, I might have to stay in state with probation, but once that is done, and my degree is finished up, you best believe I'm moving to some other state.  




 Keeping it short since the case is under review. 

Main details: officer found my pipe and less than 3 grams in a not quite Bible Belt but still conservative state  (Indiana).    
I was charged with misdemeanor possession of Marijuana and paraphernalia. I'm now on at least a 5 year hiatus, pending I move to a legal state. 




 So my headlight went out, and I did not know it until I was pulled over. I had a roach sitting just to the right of my registration papers, which the officer saw. He then cuffed me and put me in his cruiser. He searched the vehicle (using the roach as probable cause) and found my script and less than 3 grams of Marijuana. I spent the night in jail, learned a lot about life, and almost made it through Pride and Prejudice (the book). 

So I have court next Thursday, and am meeting with a lawyer to get the misdemeanors talked down to something else...I have one for the weed; and one for my pipe. This is officially the beginning of a very extended break from marijuana (at least 5 years) and other drugs (whenever I'm financially stable again)

Edit: I'd like to add in that the officer never read me my Miranda rights, nor did anyone else who booked me acknowledge that those rights exist. 

Edit 2: Thank you everyone for your support, stories, and insight. I feel a little bit more optimistic about upcoming events.

Edit 3: I met with my lawyer today. We are likely going through pre trial diversion which involves me either going to NA meetings and the sort, or submitting to random drug tests. 




 It might not. But I could feel myself zoning out and forgetting shit 




 Update: I'm trying to think of where I left my weed...go me. I forgot I made this post. 




 I've smoked like 2 bowls, and took 1 mg Xanax  (prescribed 0.25). I feel a blackout coming. Like I'm zoning hard as fuck. 

Also fuck, if I get this call, I'm picking up some boy. Fuck. I can't combine these two since it is a deadly combo. I might have to wait to pick up my boy 




 This is so gay  




 Hellsing Ultimate Abridged. No one in my life that isn't on Reddit doesn't understand this. 




 Okay, so I'm at a [3] but I've had these thoughts everywhere from a [0] to a [11].

So I can smoke bowl on bowl of kush when I'm at a party or around people. When I'm by myself, I can hardly even finish one bowl. What gives?

Also, if I spend my time smoking kush you would think my tolerance would build up quite a bit. But, I can be high off one bowl of mid weed, be it when I'm with people or by myself...and I mean like a [7] or better. Again, what gives? 




 Millions, likely a couple billion, adults around the world consume a drug in some form, be it from a prescription, DNM, dealer, or other method. 

And yet, people go to jail for exercising their right to put a substance into their body. As long as they aren't a threat to themselves (think suicide) or the lives and property of others, people should be allowed to be as drugged (or sober) as they please.

Picture this: you're 18 years old, you have a couple MDMA pills and some bud (I'm talking less than a quarter) and an officer arrests you. If you're arrested somewhere more right leaning, they'll make an example of you, give you a felony, make you almost unemployable for life. Do they really expect you to be able to support yourself if they put a marker on your record that makes companies pass over you? No...this is how we create legacy criminals. 

Disclaimer: I'm not trying to generalize, I've just seen it happen more than it should. 




 Would you really expect Kim Jong-Un to have a sense of humility?  




 Viagra was originally created as a heart medication, with a side effect of erections city 




 Really? That's pretty cool I didn't know that. One of my buddies from HS had a catnip tree in his backyard, his cat would get turnt and prowl the neighbourhood

Funniest fuckin comment I've read all day 




 For context, my grandma broke her hip and might have to be moved to a nursing home. She is currently cycling through the following drugs (in the hospital) fent, morphine, Percocet, some other pill without a specified name, and Dilaudid when it gets really bad  




 As she lays in her hospital bed, she slowly gets foggy, more confused by the minute. And yet, you can see the pain in her eyes, clear as daylight. The nurse sends another drip through the IV. Her eyes lower, the pain gradually subsides, but that fugue, that damn fugue. 

She can't process what I'm saying, but she can hear my voice. It's the only reassurance she has. She says they have her so drunked up she can't think or see. I tell her to close her eyes, to try to relax, and catch what fleeting sleep she can. The surgery in the morning will drain her. She needs her strength to recover in the future, not to agonize in this moment.     

She comes back, a couple hours later, confused, wanting to talk and relax, but the comfort is not there. The painkillers do their job, but they ravage her mind. And so, they slowly dull the one part of her that is still sharp. She can't hardly walk, or take care of herself anymore, but her mind is still sharp. It saddens me to see her like this.

I cannot understand her distaste for the pain killers. She hates them so much, but she knows it's the only thing keeping her from being awake all night writhing and screaming.

These are the same things I would enjoy recreationally. Yet, I do not share this information. I can only wiggle in my chair, or think of how good a nod would be...just to forget that this is happening, if even for a moment. 

I weather through, and made it to today, sober, and no longer thinking of that urge. 




 Such disrespect for nature. It almost breaks my heart that people can't even pick shit up. Seriously, it's like I was taught growing up...if each person picks up one thing, then that would go a long way toward cleaning everything up.  




 Presumably MDMA 




 There wasn't a question at all...I just wanted to post that. But yeah, we sat around and played video games until we were both too high to do much, and bonded on it all. We shared things that we couldn't tell anyone else. We talked about everything from life to images to well...everything. 

By images, I mean he used to look the stereotypical emo part (jet black hair swooped to one side, brooding attitude, blaring Hawthorne Heights, and being an angsty mess in general) but now he's switched over to the "clean cut" look...mainly for the same reasons I had been telling him for a few years...good women like it more and people give you fewer dirty looks. 

I was also worried about being judged for everything...I told him about how I got hooked on Percocet, I've done the mainstream hard drugs (except for crack) I've taken benzos  (usually kpins or xans) I've done Stims, I've dropped L, I've tripped on shrooms, I've done X. And the best part was...no judgment, mainly because he was like "hey, you're an adult, you seem like you have your shit together" and then he told me a few stories of other people doing stuff, and then going overboard with it.  




 I'm hanging out with my best friend from high school tonight, and we just picked up an eighth. We started talking about things we've done since high school. He told me he only sticks to weed, has smoked spice, and barely drinks. I'm trying to tame back my half of the conversation, mainly because I don't want him knowing exactly what drugs I've done before...the list is not short. It's also because I'm geeking 




 Well, I smoke, and then go do productive things sometimes. I know that if I get to an [8] or higher, I will be generally unproductive, unless it involves a thought or well...not getting off my ass. Today, I stayed around a [5] for most of the day, and have been renovating (well, more or less, cleaning and organizing) a 2,000 square foot shed full of tools, antiques, and other collectibles. It gave me a good head space while cleaning, so it didn't feel like I was doing boring labor. 

Also, this was after the belt on one lawnmower flew off and couldn't be put back on, and the safety wiring went out on the other. 




 Which is put into a larger container. 




 They must be having a hard time keeping people over in tools and lawn and garden then, and are possibly understaffed. That, or the economy has taken a turn for the better since then 




 This has probably been asked a million times, but I believe that God is a human construct, and we all be good in any God's eyes, depending on our subjective viewpoint of what is good and what is evil. For every protagonist, there is an antagonist, and these can both flip based on perception. So we should examine why humans had the need to create a God. I have two thoughts on this: there are things we haven't found explanations for, so we use God as a means of filling that knowledge void, and also as a means of reassurance behind our insecurities (prayer or other rituals)

[11] 




 The moment when your friend's last name is actually Wall 




 Of course. But it's good to be getting my stuff from someone who cares and wants the best for me.  




 That's a good question. Probably clocking in at work, setting up my coursework for the next semester, and then getting a new TV and Xbox One to prepare for Fallout 4 




 I had no plans of it. Like I might have said, I still have a couple lines worth saved back that I haven't touched since Saturday  




 Yeah my dealer also helps keep me responsible. Like, I can't buy anymore for the next month. And I do appreciate your response. The tone came off as someone who has been there and done that.  




 That's because they make full commission, whereas I opted into a lower commission rate overall, but I have a guaranteed hourly wage 




 Having my schedule looked at by 2 people who have done the same thing, and putting most of classes in just a couple days will free up extra time to study and work. Coffee and Adderall might become my best friends  




 I'm hoping full time keeps my mind and hands less idle, and it will make my schedule more consistent 




 I would have to check with that. I don't need the insurance just yet, but I'd be interested in looking at a 401k plan, and retirement  




 I don't throw sales pitches or put people through hoops. I ask if they have what they need, and how I can help. If I can, fantastic. If not, that's OK too. I don't call myself a salesman...I use the term consultant instead  




 http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/17c6vme6nqw4fjpg/original.jpg 




 I work as a sales consultant for Sears, part time, about 25 hours a week. Depending on my college schedule next semester, I'm going to be made a full time sales consultant, meaning more (and my preference) of hours, and more importantly, more money and commission. I am excited for this, and I may move up further in the company! 




 And then there's cosmetology 




 It's my dick in a box 




 That is a tree every 3 minutes. Holy fuck that's impressive!! 




 I don't hate the drug by any means...I hate my dependence on being in an altered state to function. It was hell on me for a bit because it was like standing in front of a speeding train and telling it to stop 




 Most of my reason for stopping was that the drugs I was doing weren't doing what they were originally doing, and I had a bit of a mental breakdown from stress and depression, so I figured I'd let my mind get back to baseline 




 With that title, you would think I'm talking about cocaine. I'm not. The drug I'm talking about is sobriety. Well, except for the endorphins produced during a runners high. Anyway, I had a break on Tuesday night when I decided that I needed to slow down and smell the roses, or whatever shitty cliché goes here. Anyway, I have been completely sober for the past 5 days, save for when I run. I honestly don't know how I feel...serendipitous, I guess. It's like I'm meeting me again, if you know what I mean. I'm discovering old things about myself. I'm going to keep up with the running, see if I can't enter a few events. I'm going to focus even more on getting my MBA. I'm not even going to buy anything when I get paid on Friday.

All in all, I'm interested in seeing where my mind goes, and I'll probably return to smoking in a couple weeks or a month, but I'm probably not going to go into anything more serious again for a while if ever. 




 That's the show I watch when I do it doggystyle 




 You are so courageous and brave for your actions 




 Oxytocin? Nah, she isn't going to fuck OP. You're thinking of Oxycodone. 




 It's blend is blah blah blah, with the main thing being a strong shot of caffeine anhydrous (300mg). 




 This sounds like an Indiana thing? 




 That sounds more metal than drug use 




 I had 70 MG at the time but I had been on a stim binge since about Thursday night or Friday morning 




 I forgot whether sex stories needed an NSFW label. 




 Oh okay. I haven't had any ice in a while now, but God, if I could ever find it, I'd rail a line faster than you can say "hey train_subject2252, wanna smoke a blunt"

...mainly because I've had the urge to snort something, even though I usually parachute it, and I've only smoked it twice 




 I've never done H, so I wouldn't know.  




 Out of curiosity, what did you mean by saying I'm not an RC stim type? 




 Dude you're fine. I enjoy learning new slang for different parts of the US/rest of the world. When I moved after High School, I had to relearn measurement units for everything. 

Example: An 8 Ball where I grew up was 8 grams...hence the name. Where I live now, and 8 ball will be 3.5g, sometimes 3.7 if I find someone cool 




 My 3 Rares:

1) Opana

2) Oxycontin (prescribed once, been too broke to find a source since)

3) Desoxyn (never will find it again)

Edit: I missed the second part of the question.

My 3 Desires:

1) Heroin 

2) Ayahuasca 

3) PCP 




 Fucking plebe didn't even bother to put his hand over the smoke to finish up the hit  




 You're correct in your assumption...I don't do darknet markets or RC stims. I had Vyvanse in my system. Also what do you mean by the rest of your comment? Are you saying that one of us may develop feelings for the other? 




 I had a girl over this afternoon,  and we went into our usual routine of sex, cuddling, and whatever...except for the fact that I use substances and she really doesn't. The problem came about mid way through when I had to focus in so hard and close out all other thoughts just to maintain what erection I could possibly hold. Yep; I met the evil of stim dick face to face. Everything felt more passionate, and she started digging her nails into my back, but I could not get off to save my life. I love the rough ways. I love the intimacy. I'm going to fuck her again for sure. 




 I picked up a lighter from a rack on display at the gas station this morning, as mine was out of fluid. I looked at the display, and saw that the lighters were adorned with designs revolving around the Zodiac Sign. Even though the lighter does its job, I can't shake the vibe of using the lighter that isn't in my sign. If anyone's curious, the lighter is decorated for Aquarius, and I am a Scorpio 




 So I bought a zip because I got a big check, and had it planned out where I would share with my friends and myself, and make it last until I got paid again. Well, I get paid again in a week and a half, but I already smoked almost 3/4 of what I bought on Friday. I actually didn't share too much of it...I had some better bud saved for those occassions.

This was my first weekend of smoking almost an ounce in a long ass time, so I'm probably going to take a T break so I can reset and/or not bankrupt myself lol 




 Floating dust particles. Sorry, science isn't my strong area  




 Riddle me thus then, my fellow ent: How can someone be on the surface of the Moon without wearing full protection or suffering from frostbite? Or, alternatively, how the hell do you keep your windows so clean? 




 What effect(s), if any,  would taking a fat burner have on me this fine day? I took some Vyvanse about 3 hours ago, and I was wondering if it would mess up my appetite?

Edit: Is there a reference happening because I've seen the same comment 4 tines from 4 different users 




 /u/shittywatercolour 
/u/thisstorywillsuck  




 I grew up in a heavily right wing, uninformed and closed minded family. Things I've heard:
1) Drinking makes your toes turn black.   
2) Acid makes you retarded.   
3) Weed is highly addictive, makes you stupid, and you're a burnout if you do it.   

It's almost as if they want to maintain their "perfect" family image, and will cut people off for deviating even a little.  




 Yeah it was real stuff. We were the only family members we could open up to about substance abuse issues and other somewhat taboo topics, and I was the only family member who was willing to pick him up from rehab (he got hooked on meth toward the end of his senior year of HS)  




 The last 2 days have been hard on me. It's been 1 year since my cousin committed suicide and all my emotions resurfaced. We were each other's closest family members; what with his mom ODing, his Dad ignoring him completely, his brother in and out of jail, most of the family not caring. He stayed with his grandpa who he never felt he could really talk to about things. I talked to him an hour before he passed, and everything seemed fine. He just got promoted to foreman at a construction place in Kansas City, he met a new girl, and said he was recently Baptized. 

I found out a few hours after that call while I was work. I had to leave because I broke down on the spot...there was no chance of keeping it together. 

I met more of his friends from high school and life (we grew up about 4 hours apart, and didn't see each other often) and I could see how much he was loved, how much he will be missed. 

I saw some of the photos on Facebook that people were tagging him in yesterday, reminiscing over his influence in their lives.

He wasn't even 21 at the time...so much youth, so much life, taken away from us. 

Thank you all for reading this and being here. 




 All of them growing up. Thought the PSAs were true...DARE and the government weren't allowed to misinform people.  




 There was a study published a couple months ago (don't remember the source but found it on /r/trees) that showed that smoking before 17 could lead to possible cognitive issues (more research is needed) but smoking at 17 shouldn't cause too many issues.  




 I just found an awesome solution to my grinding and jaw clenching in my room: my retainer. Even if I were to clench, it doesn't cause as much discomfort or irritation. Also, it helps keep my teeth from looking too fucked up again, which, in addition to genetically dark eye circles and such, makes people think I'm a tweaker before they get to know me. 




 On the day I turned 18, I went to hang out with my best friend at the time and his family. His parents pulled out about half an ounce and gave it to us for my birthday. I wound up smoking with them that day, and the outpour of thoughts and life advice were so sincere. 

His parents were complete opposites on almost everything except for green: they both smoked. He was the clean cut military type, and she looked like the hippie stereotype. He told me about his time in the military (he was in just after the Vietnam War) and the insight into how they make it through everything in life, from raising a family to finding one's Zen, helped me grow a bit as a person,  and what they said that day makes even more sense now 




 So, I officially hit my 6 year mark of smoking weed a couple weeks back. I started reflecting a bit and I realized the more I smoke, the more I gravitate toward an older crowd (I'm almost 22, so I'm still in the young smoker group) I'd rather smoke with older people who I can sit around, talk to, blaze with, and learn about life. There's no bravado, no bragging about being "turnt" or "fucked up" just a collective understanding that we've all been high before, we've all partied before, but we prefer to keep things a bit more chill and lowkey. 

I've mellowed out to the point where the things I used to worry about seem so insignificant now. 




 "Accidentally" 




 You made yourself sound Batman as fuck 




 70mg is the max recommended dose at any one time from what I could find. I don't know enough on stimulants to tell you what that would equal in dexedrine 




 I was coming off of my binge last night at work when I decided to smoke on my lunch break. I put in eyedrops and everything, and I wasn't noticed. It wasn't until after work that my manager asked if I smoked, and by instinct, I said smoke what.? So; he knows I smoke, and I haven't found a decent time to ask him if he does. 

Sorry for the unrelated story. To answer your question, I use weed to cope with my comedowns. It regulates out my appetite, so I actually remember to eat. Good food puts me in a great mood.  




 Yeah I figured I'd wait and see how I feel around 7 or so. If I feel kinda ok; I'll just power through on caffeine and health food 




 Matilda 




 Alright thanks for the advice. I'm just gonna take it like the other one, go kill it at work, and see what Saturday has in store to follow up tonight 




 When I'm out, I usually have a straw to chew on with whatever drink I'm having (usually water if I roll) 

If I stay in, then I will just put in my retainer and clinch away, because it isn't fucking up my teeth anymore 




 That's gonna suck tomorrow...sweating through an undershirt into my dress shirt possibly while I'm trying to explain to someone in my super fast but slow to me English why they should buy the $3000 mower from me instead of anywhere else, even if they don't offer the same brand. Or I'll have to be on phone calls all day....fuck that. I'll take some now and see if pouring out part of the capsule and snorting it will help...like. not a whole cap before work...and I have eyedrops  just in case my eyes look too messed up lol 




 This is a return to stimulants for me. I took some time off to show myself that I could still complete tasks perfectly sober (except for being baked) 

Anyway I took a 70mg Vyvanse a few hours ago and I'm still Goin pretty good on it. Should I take another, so I can get my shit together before work at 0800? It's an 800-1800 shift.

Yes, I'm using military time. No, I'm not in the military, I just use their time system...family is in the medical field so it feels standard sometimes. 




 I went out with my brother to chill, you know, relax from the work day. We packed several bowls and I had me a mixed drink. Well, he runs me to his dealers house and he picks up some more bud on top of what I already have, as well as about 12 Vyvanse. Anyway, my brother and I take one 70mg capsule each (he breaks the capsule but I don't). We then go to a house party where everyone is either crossfaded or tripping on acid. It was a fun ass night thus far. We went to a titty bar and enjoyed the show as well as free drinks. But yeah, I'm back at my friends house now, where the tripping roommates are playing NBA 2k15 and the high/speeding people are playing Call of Duty: Black Ops 2. 

I'll probably take another capsule to power through work. Might look up if I can snort it so I can knock that craving of snorting a line of anything out of my way. 




 ...derp. Sorry I got on a stim thought track and let it run 




 That is roughly $115,000 a year. What the fuck?  




 I'm just a guy behind a username with no likely significance to your life. You have no reason to take me up on this, but if you need someone to talk to, my inbox is always open.  




 So they're banning legal highs but letting alcohol still be legal? Seems like a loophole to me  




 I've had enough associates over the years who have told me they don't make their margin off the herb. They make it off the people who will pay for the pills, coke, heroin, and other not weed things. Don't take my Statement as an absolute though....your experience may vary  




 I had a terrible craving last night for something to stay up and do productive shit on. Well, no one helped me out until after work today. So about an hour ago, I snorted some Dexedrine and bought about 15 70mg Vyvanse. I didn't think I was feeling it until I got my perpetual stim jaw clench (yes I have magnesium on deck) and I'm about to go take my weekend by storm. Yes, I have to work tomorrow, but I can push through another 8 hour day, and get a good deep sleep after work. My mind is racing but my thoughts are so focused. It's like everything is finally running on 1 wavelength for the first time in a good while. 




 I work in consultative sales (technically retail) and in my experience, we stay over as the situation calls for. I've stayed over a couple hours to cover when other people called out. I've stayed an hour over just to make sure a customer got exactly what they came in for. The point is, the people who complain about having to deal with someone 5 minutes before close are the people who either need some time off to relax, or need to find a different field of employment. Yes, it's inconvenient, but my belief is that if you pass on good values and great service, the karma will come back around in other aspects of your life. 




 Both are harmful to their respective environment and adds pollution to both locations 




 Thank you automod 









 What good is eating chicken fingers (the good kind) if you aren't drunk and stoned? 




 I have a wonderful job, a life that I wouldn't dream of changing, and people in it who help me succeed. Anyway, I feel like I might be a polysubstance dependent person, not addicted to any one thing, but enjoying the deviation from sobriety. If I'm broke, I'm drunk off of cheap liquor and high on Reggie. If the money is good, I still drink the same liquor (I love the taste) but smoke kush. I'm always looking for the next thing I can try,  but if I can find Xanax, Crack (on occasion) or another drug I can be at parties on, I want to do it/try it if I haven't already. I just wanted to open up a bit about me to people who won't condemn me for living the life I live, or won't talk to me because I do certain things, or have access to them. I'm drunk as fuck, but thank anyone for reading this useless tirade 




 I feel you on this. I'll be at a party, playing a song, and then someone will be like "oh man that song was dope...in 2012"  




 Ricky is that you?  




 /r/nocontext 




 /u/trollabot train_subject2252  




 /r/subredditdrama 




 Wear your mullet with the confidence of a Hemi 




 Hey a reference I get. That makes 2 out of about 100 something 




 Quarter circles up 




