 As a 25 y/o person who's just coming to terms with a lot of stuff about myself that I'd just chosen to ignore for the most part until recently...

The disliking straight sex thing is something that totally resonates with me and something I've only recently come to accept. I would probably still describe myself as bi at this point (I definitely still crush hard on and fantasise about people regardless of gender, I think) but this has been a big wake up call for me personally that actually the thought of living a purely hetero life seems incredibly unappealing to me.

I've also found it difficult to accept these feelings because I have a crazy inferiority complex in most things, and am actually pretty terrified of girls despite being one myself. I'm not a tomboy and am feminine in most respects, but I've always seen myself as an outsider to 'girlkind' in general, which I know is ridiculous. The idea of dating or sleeping with a girl terrifies me because I feel like an outsider and find the idea of sticking with dating guys to be more familiar and 'safe' ("I don't know enough about queer culture, what if I get rejected and laughed out as not worthy of being part of the gay community? I'm not pretty enough to date other girls. It's too late for me to start dating girls. No girl would want to be with me when I'm not a 'gold star' lesbian and totally clueless about gay sex.." etc. ).

For so long I just interpreted these feelings of apprehension as "yeah, I guess I don't like girls...not really" and swept it under the rug. I know, I'm super lame :p

Plus, as I mentioned elsewhere, there's all that lady porn I love...
 




 Literally the only porn I look at is of women and always has been. For some reason I kept thinking of ridiculous excuses as to why that might be but...yep, only really admitted it to myself recently that I like the ladies also. 




 Same, I thought I was going mad before I enlarged it a bit and suddenly it made sense :p Now I can't 'unsee' it 




 Instantly reminded me of https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HTugQFI8Wg  




 Could someone remind me who does these? 




 Me too same 




 Yes. Thank you for that description, that was satisfying. ^Oh ^god ^^what ^^is ^^^wrong ^^^with ^^^^me? 




 I wonder if these people ever read back over their comments and feel anything approaching "hey maybe I was a bit out of line back there"? 




 Ahaha...wouldn't you like to know... 




 WHERE'S MY HAND DRAWN PICTURE D,: 




 Not a whole lot, I think I probably kept it for a bit before throwing it out. It was just small little snippets of coloured felt

Edit: I know, I'm an ingrate :p 




 Whaaaat?! I ordered a couple of prints off him about a year ago and I just got bits of string and cut up pieces of felt :(

(Edit) Clarification: I mean I got the string  felt *as well as* the prints I ordered, not instead :) 




 I wonder if those are the girl's or the guy's parents? 




 Is this a custom picture? If so that's pretty neato.
My friend got a custom portrait made of/for his gf and I am so jeal. 




 Figuratively? No. Literally? A couple times. 




 "i hope you die slut"

He does sound nice :3 




 Beat me to it :p 




 I mean...it's not so much the not knowing but the confident-yet-completely-wrong assertions that get me... 




 I'm so glad I bothered to play it. My sides.

Edit: when the music started, Oh God. 




 I think this one's a parody...I hope this one's a parody... :p 




 And yet it's still super awkward to explain if someone walks in on you watching it :p 




 In regards to ASMR, being 'triggered' means basically that it works for you.

As in: "the voice in this video really triggers my ASMR :3".

Basically that it gives you pleasant head tingles (or at least makes you feel pleasantly soothed) :) 




 So happy for you, I wish you all the support and good things :) 




 Yeah for real, it's a pretty lousy deal for non-binary people :-( 




 Yeah I used to think that that would be ok, and the idea of using unisex bathrooms doesn't bother me, as I'm sure it doesn't many peeps. But you also have to remember that folks using those spaces expect there to only be a certain type of people there, and could feel threatened or uncomfortable if those expectations are 'violated'. This raises all kinds of questions for non-binary people and like I say, I'm sure most don't mind but it's always good to be respectful of that. 




 If it makes you feel better, I think in a 'safe feeling' environment, most people wouldn't  be too bothered if someone of the opposite sex walked in accidentally. Maybe, as a tiny female if I were in a strange place alone and this happened I'd feel a bit scared, but after them realising and leaving, making it very obvious they were there accidentally, I wouldn't give it a second thought.

One time I walked into a men's room and didn't realise until I came out the stall (there were no urinals and I guess I wasn't paying too much attention :p) to see a guy washing his hands. I went into mega apology mode but he seemed more amused by it than offended. I think so long as you are respectful of spaces and situations like that then you can't go far wrong, like I say, most aren't too fussed though :p 




 No for sure. All the 'good' stuff about working hard and striving to improve yourself bloody well goes without saying. I'm sure nearly everyone, regardless of whether or not they subscribe to TRP would agree with that advice...though TRPers probably see themselves as the inventors of all self-improvement... 




 Hey now. It can be scary putting yourself out there, especially if you're more introverted. It's great if you don't find those things scary, but many people do, including myself. Pushing yourself firmly yet with self-compassion is a great way to grow and improve your social skills, advice that anyone, including twerps will agree with. 




 Yeah I was going to say, that stuff is pretty solid advice. It's a shame about the rest of TRP philosophy regarding interpersonal relationships and the whole community being a pit of roiling despair and insecurity but yeah, good general advice for anyone.

Edit: In fact my advice to that kid, to any kid going through the emotional and self-esteem rollercoaster that is puberty, is to just go with that first lot of advice. Forget all the specific TRP drivel and just go out there and make yourself a better person, don't worry about coming back and getting validation from bitter strangers on the internet about it afterwards. 




 EVEN MICHAEL! 




 It was my cat's birthday yesterday too! This is exciting :D 




 You're very welcome to PM me :-) I'm a little busy over the next couple of days but I'd be totally happy to add you on fb 




 Agreed. TRPers come out with some baffling, hilarious, and even terrifying stuff. But these guys are hurting, worried, and under confident, like we all are at times, and we should bear that in mind. :3 




 Sad. I just feel sad reading stuff like this. I'd love to see some sort of outreach effort to help these guys climb out of the collective pit of paranoia and bitterness they've fallen into and help them feel confident enough to be able to feel like they're part of humanity again . But then I also want to run a mile from these people so... 




 I've been home recently and staying with my family. We had a big meal together the other night and I swear they would not stop talking about gay people that entire evening. I'd recently been considering coming out as bi, yet whilst I don't think they exactly dislike LGBT+ people, the way they talk about non-hetero people is just...I never want them to think that way about me... I may well stay in the closet indefinitely, to my family at least...
Great comic btw :) 




 BAGSY 'BIOCUNT' AS MY FLAIR 




 Haha brilliant! Congrats on the successful surgery. Hope he has a speedy recovery :3 




 I often see the work of one the researchers at my undergrad uni cited by TRPers. Chiefly studies about how facial preferences can be influenced by female hormones, those kinds of things, mostly. They're usually given as examples of how feeemales are driven by their hormones to jump on strangers' dicks the moment they start ovulating. However, having taken his module and read his (really cool and highly valued) work, that just...isn't a valid interpretation of his findings at all, it's certainly not the conclusion he himself has come to. A lot of his work actually contributes to the large body of studies suggesting that women don't by default go for alpha jocks all the time, that sexual attraction and preferences are multifaceted, nuanced and above all *adaptable, and highly individual*. Pretty much the opposite of the paranoid black and white bullshit TRPers run with.
 




 My Gran once had a cat named Rover.

My stories are boring. 




 This was so adorable! Congrats to the both of you :) 




 Dear God, that comment history doe... 




 Gosh, yeah I imagine it must have been pretty overwhelming and confusing to have her post blow up like that. Especially with all this passionate advice coming from all sides... 




 Out of interest did you get any response? 




 So...how did it go? I really hope the radio silence doesn't mean bad news. Just want you to know that either way you did the right thing giving him the operation, many owners wouldn't at that expense :) 




 Omg that tiny bow :3 




 I clicked because I thought there was no way they'd allow an entire sub dedicated to horse porn. Why am I so naive? Am I on some sort of register now?  




 This post came up on my front page and I assumed it was from there, not SCA. /r/PanPorn is my happy place 




 Me too thanks 




 Amen :( No matter how great they are... 




 Yay Teemo! So glad to see some pics of the little guy, any updates on how he's doing, eye-wise? 




 Isn't there a sub dedicated to different versions of this comic? Any help, guys? 




 Oh god this made me feel just terrible. I'm tempted to message her. This is just not ok, honestly felt close to tears reading this... 




 Yes, I think from what I remember, it's because women tend to choose different methods such as pills or wrist slashing. Men tend to choose hanging, shooting themselves, CO poisoning, etc. that have higher rates of effectiveness. Which makes sense; more men are likely to be confident in how to use firearms/cars than women, according to traditional gender roles, and therefore use them as their method of choice. 
As a female (lel) I can say that I haven't access to, nor the knowledge of how to kill myself effectively with a gun or through CO poisoning, so I'd probably stick to overdose or bleeding, and I know that these aren't necessarily as effective.

Edit: but seriously, fuck ROK. Using suicide in some sort of point-scoring "hur yeah, men are just the best, even at suicide, SO ALPHA BRO" against female suicides is disgusting. The higher male suicide rate is tragic and heartbreakingly indicative of how much we need to support mens' emotional expression and mental health and this is just such  counterproductive, distasteful bullshit. 




 That is not how you hold a cat. That is not how you hold a cat at all! 




 Well that's a cool bot I didn't know existed 




 Best of luck OP! Please keep us updated :) 




 Donating, pls don't scam me OP :p

You may want to post this to /r/guineapigs also. A lot of people there would be interested to hear about his injury/recovery, and no doubt donate too :) 




 Angry? Really? 




 Yeah, true. You'll have to forgive my lapse, I'm not from there myself :) 




 I think the one posted by OP is in Saskatchewan, Canada.

I'm sure it's nice and all but they sure don't got the highest number of museums per capita *holds up hand for high five* 




 Whoah whoah whoah, the Biggar I know (and, dare I say, love) is in Scotland, near Edinburgh, and its motto is "*London's* big, but Biggar's Bigga/er". 

I sure hope the two towns can become buddies :3

Edit: There's also another little village called Biggar in England, it seems, but forget that. 




 The second one probably is my favourite; that sloot should have known that that guy was going to ask her out in the future and therefore not had sex with that other guy. Duh. Or something.

 




 What. 




 When they talk about always using a condom *specifically from your own stash* like all the ones carried by feeeemales have been pricked with pins or something.

God it must be crippling being this paranoid. 




 I'd also be happy to Skype as I feel like I'm in a similar situation (moved to a new place with bf and don't really know anyone, definitely need to put in some effort to meet new people but find it hard), we could maybe have group chat or whatever. 

Anyway, I came to this thread to suggest something that I read in Susan Cain's book, 'Quiet' that might be helpful: have a rule where you make yourself do something you'd maybe find socially daunting X number of times a week/month/whatever works for you. Once you have done this then don't worry or admonish yourself if you then stay in and excuse yourself from other social events etc. 

For example, this evening I'm off out with a few people from work and this will be the first time I've done anything social with them outside of work before, naturally I'm a bit nervous. I'm sure it will probably be enjoyable if anything once I'm there but the point is that doing so will be tiring and a little stressful for me. But once that is done I 'don't have to' do anything social like that for the rest of the week. I can stay home and do my own thing all weekend if I choose and not feel guilty or dwell on how I did or anything. Next week I have to push myself 'out there' another time, and then forget about it, and so on. Hope that makes sense :3

Edit:It's an approach that works for me because while it encourages me to push myself socially, I have a clear point when I can say "and now the 'me time' begins" and just chill 




 I was going to correct you and say 'fiancee' (because she's female), but I couldn't think of a way to phrase it that wouldn't make me sound like a pedantic dick. So yeah.

But really, I hope you have many happy years of popping together :p 




