 I'm so lucky I live near here, Glendalough is one of the most beautiful places in Ireland 




 How did you get through all the Dragur crypts, all the foes on the way to the Throat of the World without killing once? massive gamer respect 




 Still going over my head right now 




 I hate tumblr users like that 




 A redneck virgin 









 So rare here in my bit of Europe. Even my dealers' dealers don't have it 




 Hey, what are you feeling right now? 




 That bike ride sounds great man 




 Yeah, I want to let it open up my mind to help me write more music 




 Sativa is impossible to find here, even my dealers' dealers don't have it 




 Yeah, they're not experiencing the full world of the plant. Theyre happy enough just to be able to say they "smoke weed" "420" "blazin' it" to their friends, than explore the plant 




 Yeah it just makes you lazy, It's like that tipsy sobering-up buzz you get at the end of a night of drinking, where youre just chilled out and relaxed 




 Yeah, I want the sativa high to help open my mind for music writing 




 is that sativa or indica? or a hybrid? 




 Any day 




 Agh I'm jealous. I want some to help me with writing music 




 I've been doing indica for a while now and even my dealer can't source sativa. The way it works where I'm from is everything is just called 'weed' and your dealer just gives you whatever he has on him. Not asking for buying advice (rules) just wondering what sativa is like to get your hands on with other Ents

EDIT: Misspelled the title, even at a [3] 




 "Everybody goes to Rick's" 









 I thoroughly enjoyed this post OP 




 Fus Ro Dah 




 Is it healthy to do that? 




 How can you even make that mistake with qwerty keyboards 




 /r/almostperfectloops 




 Upvoted for Robert Frost reference on a post about jacking off 









 This is like christmas morning 




 Every Filthy Frank fan just said 'b0ss' in their head 




 At least yous have really good street arts, Here in Wicklow all there is is stuff like 'Jaymo' smeared in an almost chinese font 




 Cunningham here, My mother's nickname in primary school was 'Sly Bacon' 




 Wow really? I guess I need to be more careful. Thanks for the reply 




 The phrase *YES. THIS IS HAPPENING* on the side of the pack summed up my reaction  




 Hey WATMM. After a while of roughly recording my acoustic songs and what not i have decided i want to make multiple track demos. Do you guys know/use any *free* software that i can put my vocal track over my guitar track, over my bass track and over my percussion track and so on. Thanks guys. 




 First of all, why are the police doing this? What are they looking for? And second of all, what the fuck can police actually do that to your house? 




 I'm an adult and its still a nightmare for me 




 OP you rock! 




 To the Bone Zone 









 Hi all, My partner pooch is a 2 year old Bichon/Shih Tzu cross. She has learned to sit, lie down, and paw. I am having trouble teaching her to fetch as her idea of the game is "Im gonna get the ball and bring it back to you, And then you fight me for it and we play again" Any tips for changing her mentality to giving the ball peacefully? 




 FTFY *champion*  




 A girl I was into asked me for mine a while ago and I let my guard down and told her. That was before I remembered my image posts on /r/poop. Strangely we didn't talk much after that 




 When the reply gets more upvotes than the original comment, Congratulations 




 /r/ImGoingToHellForThis 




 Good pic but was it really necessary to photoshop that random kid in? 




 Anal Cunt are actually a band! Their lead singer fell into a coma, awoke, wrote a song about being in a coma, slipped back into a coma, and died. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anal_Cunt 




 Grrr yes! Hostel Part 1 and 3, still haven't seen 2 to this day 




 I love this piece and it makes me want to learn more about this story. 




 *heavy breathing* 




 I don't smoke but I always carry a lighter. Seeing as most of my friends smoke, Other people in the smoking area (In Europe, smoking restricted to designated area) often ask for a lighter. They thank me, return it and usually show a liking to me and often start a conversation.  




 It was only a boop 




 Were you wearing a dust mask? If that's your hands imagine what the inside of your lungs must look like 




 I metaphorically died laughing 




 It's like a kid lining up all his toys, Happy National Aviation Day 




 Self harm 




 Who is she?  




 I've always wondered, Is that all on-the-spot improv? Or are the comedians told the topics a few nights before to prepare their lines. 




 Being eaten by a gator? 




 *you'ar 




 10/10 did not expect would upvote again 




 Thank you for making me laugh hard at sludge and metal OP 




 Lost my shit at "nignog" 




 Even though most tarantulas are not venomous, Whats your favourite species? 



















 I will always 'mire Arnold.  




 Waited for them to go off edge

disappoint

feelsbadman.jpg 




 did anyone else think that was a boy in the first frame? 




 Is the protein from Argos worth getting? Never used or bought protein before 









 Hi geordies, I am planning on starting up a BPL fantasy football league for the sub. If there is one here already I'll happily join, if not I'll create one tonight and let you all know the code 




 How many reps? 




 Im starting college next month and Im hoping to bulk up and continue working out through college.

The past 3 days ive used this plan:
20kg benchpress x 10 reps x 3 sets
Sit ups x 15 reps x 4 sets
Bicep curls 8kg x 10 reps x 3 sets
Butterfly leg lifts 2kg x 5 reps x 3 sets
I also run 4 miles twice a week. 

 I would like to up the intensity of my workout and depending on whether I stick with the plan, I'll get on protein. Can someone help organise a schedule with me? 




 Fuck Comcast 




 all these memories are flying back to me 




 It's like a car crash; It's so horrible, but I can't look away 




 If you're going to hit me, Let me know so I can raise my deFENCE 




 Honestly how many times have you tried to rotate it 




 Why not? Presuming youre from Galway 




 That would annoy me to no end 




 Live action Lego Movie 




 What are you struggling with the most on your course? 




 "No doc, I'm 100% sure it's cancer, Don't you even use google?" 




 In my opinion, which take into account is just a stranger on the internet, I really think this woman needs professional help. Although it is entirely her choice 




 Therapy sessions and a 7.5ml daily dose of Prozac. Mixed with exercise and lots of time out of the house enjoying the world. It's helping me a lot 




 Depression in a relationship is hard. I've been there, and my SO found it extremely difficult and began to blame herself and wonder was it something she was doing that was making me feel constantly dark. She lost her patience with me and cheated. It was awful. If your SO loves you they will be patient with you and help you find all the care and help, be it through therapy or medication, you need to return a succesful relationship, both a sexually and mentally healthy relationship 




 The fact you posted this for help, and also resisted your temptation shows you're more than able to recover. Try taking a deep breath, calming yourself, and pin your hands down your pockets and keep them there. Alternatively, perhaps seeing a therapist once off, or an anger management tutor. Maybe it's a past experience that makes you want to throw a punch? 




 I...skimmed it 




 It looks like a wooden tin whistle. More than likely in the key of D 




 Back in my day ADHD was called being a brat! 




 Yes. There is a big difference between having actual OCD, and just being annoyed 




 This Kids Not Alright - AWOLNATION 




 Have you met /u/doubledickdude? 




 Fantastic, The waves really show character here, Contrasting with the mellow sunset 




 Ask her could you do it for her? 




 *Lowers sunglasses* my god 




 If I fits... 




 Yes. Jumping off is optional. 




 But you could get an emo lawn,
It would cut itself 




 "Just let me blast my camera flash into then real quick" 




 Just the way Boeing designs their aircraft 




 I thought it was dead 




