 You have an impressive collection of reaction gifs! 




 That is absolutely amazing. I hope things are going better for you. 




 I didn't see it when I watched the episode the first time, but the second time around I saw Stannis's men in the back running away from the battle even before it began. :(

But can Winterfell accommodate that large an army? 2000+. Damn. 




 I'm actually not looking forward to the Jorah   Daario road trip.

"So Daario, what you've been up to?"

"Oh the usual... boozing, gambling, and bedding the queen that you love so much."

But I do want to see more of Varys and Tyrion trying to run Mereene! 




 I'm glad. I'm not very fond of licorice. Can't believe they're individually airbrushed. Your friend is really talented! 




 Same here! It's a strange feeling. I think it's mainly because he acted with *some* principle prior to these horrendous events. Ramsay has no redeemable characteristics. 




 Still I'm glad I got to see a bit of everything before the season ended. 




 Explains the resemblance between white walkers and draugrs! 




 They're gorgeous! What did the Targaryen cupcake taste like though? Licorice? 




 Hmm didn't think of it that way. Still she managed to convey a mixture of emotions that Cersei must have felt during the walk. 




  he did but she doesn't know that

She explicitly asked whether he murdered Renly with blood magic and he said yes. I want to believe Brienne spared Stannis for whatever reason but my hopes have been in vain for this series. 




 That looks awesome! Do you plan to do make something else before S6 starts? It would be great for the GoT-hungry audience :3 




 I want to believe, but I find it incredibly difficult to believe Brienne --above all people-- would feel compelled to show mercy to Stannis just because the Boltons defeated him. Her entire character is based on keeping oaths and avenging Renly was on the top of her list...

If nothing else Brienne would give Stannis a clean death. I doubt the Boltons would allow Stannis to have that kind of dignity. 




 I'm more and more inclined to side with the White Walkers. Most of the characters I care for are gone, so come all, come all, freeze the whole fuckin' world. 




 Same here. Seriously if she was gonna give someone a suspiciously long kiss why not attempt to murder Jaime? I really liked Ellaria in S4 but in S5 she's so obnoxious just like her daughters. She must've looked cool because of the Oberyn buff. 




 I'm surprised you had respect for them in general. Of course I had immense respect for Mormont and Aemon (and some for Alliser during the big battle) but most of them were thieves, killers, and rapists that were just there because they had no other choice. They didn't strike me as an honourable sort... Jon had good friends but they're all gone... :( 




 I never thought I would agree with the statement "kill the boy". 




 I was feeling bad for her until the "new guy" picked her up and I saw a burning vengeful spirit gleam in her eyes. 

But seriously though, I always knew Lena Headey was good but goddamn. She just raised the bar. I hope no one follows her around on the street with a bell and uttering "shame". 




 Boring Fangorn sequence confirmed 




 What business does a Targaryen have in the Riddermark? Speak quickly! 




 Aww she looks so down :( "Why are you doing this to me."

But OP, she is ONE of the cutest cats :D You should have more pride in your Baby 3 




 "Don't mistake my fluffy goodness as a sign of weakness!" 




 So pretty... And she looks so happy too! 




 This is awesome. thank you! 




 That's one fierce mofo. He reminds me of Rengar! 




 "Nothing." 




 Aww. Mine either, but I can't blame them. I wouldn't be fond of clothes if I had perfect fur like them! Only if they could go easy on shedding... 




 So photogenic! S/he is beautiful. 




 Awww. Cats seem to be one of the most judgmental species out there but I can't help but keep loving them. My cat looks at me kind of like that when my hand lingers around his whiskers too long. 




 I don't know why, but her expression is very noir. She would look great with a detective getup. 




 Awww s/he is gorgeous! Maine coon? 




 No more frozen chicken for dinner! 




 They finally gave Anivia a new portrait. SO HAPPY 




 Whiterun sides with the imperials actually. 




 Given the main ingredient I can't say I'm surprised. 




 Futurama reference. 




 Well I surveyed some odd 200 people and the results show 2/3 of the participants chose the imperials over stormcloaks. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/skyrim/comments/351gpp/poll_the_empire_or_the_stormcloaks_did_you_kill/.compact (sorry on mobile)

It's hard to say which path is particularly rare in playing Skyrim since there are so many choices. Skyrim doesn't have the infamy system either so you have so much freedom! 




 Agreed, and wasn't he also a teenager? Or was he in his early 20s already? If still in teens we're talking about a teenaged heir to the throne who was chased out of his castle and had to live as a glorified beggar for a number of years... Even when I consider the whole "teenagers in the medieval times = adults" concept I can't help but be sympathetic about his downfall. 




 "Jorah Mormont, who crawled through a friend zone and came out with Greyscale on the other side." 




 Whoa this is some cool stuff. I'll try some of these out when I start a new character. I'm a bit partial to being human for now :p

I'm preparing a new mage character and spamming muffle for illusion skill ups is a good tip to know!  




 I would recommend NOT using mods until you get absolutely tired of the game. I finished vanilla Skyrim first (the main dragonborn / imperial legion / dark brotherhood / thieves guild quests) before buying DLCs and installing mods, meaning I went through 100+ hours before adding tons of more fun. I opted out of the Companion quest because I didn't want to become a werewolf... yet. 




 "*Haha* That's for damned sure... AWOO AWOO!" 




 That's awful. It's funny and tragic at the same time how one click can be so devastating. I hope your next run is more fun than the last. You could avoid certain quests for better items and whatnot. 




 I forget whether she was actually in need of help or one of the bandits... *You picked the wrong place to get lost!* 




 They remind me of pygmies in Diablo II. Sound like them too! I remember seeing them hypnotized by one of those enchanted water/fire/etc. pillars. They didn't attack; they stood around and talked back to me in gibberish when I E'd them.  




 Yup, I escaped with Ralof but ended up fighting alongside Hadvar. I had a weird glitch after the Battle of Windhelm where Hadvar wouldn't stop following me with his sword (as a friendly NPC). 




 Looks so cozy! Humanoids look cool too, but I love how Skyrim can make reptilians and felines look incredible... not to mention charming voices! 




 General Tullius likes this. 




 Nixon spotted! 




 I wanted to see Frozen but I don't think I ever will now that everyone has gone and ruined it for me with the incessant Let it Go and Do you wanna build a snowman bullshit. 




 Running gag about Conway twitty too. They stopped now but it was so annoying. I wish Seth McFarlane would make better use of his amazing voice talent. I enjoy FG but it could be way better. 




 Could be the sewer leading to the Black Briar Meadery. It's an optional task and I found it after slaughtering all the mercenaries. ... I'm not a subtle person. 




 Follow the white dragon 




 Aww too bad they were a temporary thing. I guess the next best thing would be to print out a label and stick it on Sprite or something. 




 lol Good one! I was actually expecting him to say "well you did flash your butt to me" or something like that in justification.  




 I was so looking forward to this. Love the Drogon part in particular, naturally. xD 




 Ohh I didn't even see that! I do a marathon before a new season begins but it seems I always miss out on something. --Edit: oops, should read more carefully. Earlier this season. 




 Yeah I keep forgetting that. I just remember how people look down upon him, ridiculing his background and whatnot! 




 Probably why I find furbies so terrifying! 




 The part where he drained life/skin from people terrified little me to death... Mummy 2 on the other hand was much more entertaining!

Edit: forgot to say "people". 




 Joking aside, I thought he just had one made, like asked someone to do it for him. But then again does Ser Davos have subordinates? I'm not too sure myself. 




 Easily one of my favourite scenes. Another one is when Django picks out his very first outfit. 




 That would make a great pilot for some show. 




 I agree. Totally infuriating. The last time it happened I tried to understand (heavily outnumbered... even then it doesn't make sense though) and now it's getting ridiculous. What happened to the totally bad-ass mofos that set the precedent for "Kill the Masters"? 




 "all around douche canoe" has a nice ring to it. 




 Delish! Also we found where all the potatoes have gone... 




 I didn't think he was. He was just a perfectly normal human being. I thought what made Forrest excel in the army was his "stupid" adherence to every instruction given to him, even to a degree that would be too demanding for most people. 




 Let's get that tax exempt status! 




 Tearing up here. I too had the incredible luck of having teachers who believed in me and encouraged me to reach beyond what I thought was my limit. Thank you so much for being that person to that young lady. She'll remember you and be grateful for the rest of her life, as will her parents and friends. 




 I don't think it's petty. I enjoy good vengeance. 

But Seriously I don't get these cheaters who beg after being caught. What the hell did they think would happen? Why cheat to begin with? :s 




 Not only you gave the bitch a creative surprise party you did the right thing by deleting the photo. I hope you met someone who really deserves your affection. 




 You may get some stares when you go out but it'll be because they're in awe. It's hard to rock this kind of hairstyle but you're doing it. I really like the "zen pineapple" shot. 




 He came back from King's Landing in one piece. I'm very happy. 




 I get where you're coming from but I don't think tough love is the way to go about this kind of thing. Especially talking about how there are a lot of people who have more serious issues... it makes the depressed more miserable. 




 Please talk to me. I don't care what it's about. Pm me if that's more appropriate. Please please talk to me. 




 *judge 




 "You so fat you gonna stay all around room!" 




 It's the World Cup all over again... 




 That's harsh. How can he not fall in love with me? I stole his heart... 




 I didn't really like the Thieves Guild myself unfortunately. I liked the one in Oblivion better. I wish I had more quests to get to know other guild members. Like Sapphire. WHAT THE HELL IS YOUR REAL NAME 




 Awww. Can I see Snickers as well? :3 




 It's like that dude in Solstheim who wanted to fly. :( 




 I didn't trust myself so I always saved whenever I had to cross this bridge. I guess the dead don't care about safety but this doesn't bode well for tourists like us! 




 So enthusiastic! Any story behind the name Doodle? 




 Toasted toasted toasted my god she is beautiful... 




 Great Hermes's dreadlocks! This is awesome. 




 Normally yes. But I'm not a big fan of golden shower myself. 




 I used to like him and then he turned out to be a cheating bastard with sex kinks... Unfortunate. 




 "SO DO YOU" 




 "And we'll paint a happy little lobster right here...  




 She's adorable! I see so many cute, original names on /r/cats. I thought I gave some more thoughts into naming my first cat. 




 This is how it starts... Beware the Cat Hoarding Syndrome! ... I jest, of course. The two look so happy together! I just kind of want to squeeze in between the two so I can feel their fluffy goodness 3 Congrats on getting your first cats. May your black clothes be filled with fur. 




 The German Vulddd 




 "omg Jon, you can't ask people why they're white walkers." 




 I love how you two are on the same step, holding up the right foot! 




 I love when their ears express their feelings. "I disapprove. I disapprove greatly, human!" 




 His pose is relaxed but his expression seems to say "Son... we need to have a talk. Take a seat right there." 




 I love that name! Sugar Bear 3 As pretty as s/he looks. 




 I vote for Tris as well! 




 That's one Teemo that will NOT ruin your game! -- unless of course, he chases after your cursor on screen. 




 Hazelnut's anti-aging secret! Dermatologists hate her!

Seriously that's some timeless beauty right there. 3 




 Congratulations!!! I hope the job treats you well. Best of luck! 




 Did someone pour Jello into the water? 




