 I've heard people say that the the old testament no longer applies to Christians after Jesus came because according to some new testament verse he's the fulfilment of the law. Then they quote anti gay new testament verse. I'm also at a loss on how to handle.  




 Lol my first thought exactly  




 Moist 




 Jesse Pinkman? 




 You're not the only one. I'm much more sociable and upbeat during my period. I have no idea why. Like, in the days before my period I'm miserable but during and days after I feel more normal, borderline happy. 




 Looks like Havarti. 




 According to my RES it's a thing. Only 6 subscribers. 




 Just a heads up, most POC find being called "exotic" offensive. 




 In your opinion, should the US take on poor people from all over the globe because life is hard?  




 So are you working on a cure for multiple sclerosis or developing an alternative fuel? I'm really interested in all the innovations you're currently contributing to society. 




 How do asexual and/or aromantic people fit into your understanding? 




 I swear you're one of few people in this thread with the common sense to realize that everything isn't for everyone. You have a healthy attitude. 




 So if a white murders blacks it's racist but a black murders white its an assault.

Twice to be specific. 




 Yeah it's definitely an article to bait people, and look it's working. That website doesn't look like the most trustworthy site I've ever seen. 




 Puts you in the mood for revenge racism? 




 Imo as a black person, this is a hate crime and I can't believe they didn't classify it that way. Attacking people for a stupid reason is horrifying and even worse that they included a child. Truly wtf is wrong with people. 




 Yay another Cyclone! Hope you get to visit the state fair, it's pretty awesome. 




 This gif was everything I hoped it would be :') 




 What would the right reasons be, in your opinion? 




 It's been 2 hours! What happened?! 




 Never thought I'd see this in my lifetime! 

So who wants to marry this queer Black lady? I'm adventurous, college educated and love cuddles :)  




 The way you put that was helpful actually.  




 If I don't feel like I have a gender identity, then I don't have to identify as cis, do I? I don't have a problem with dysphoria, so I'm not trans either. 




 Same here. 




 Black chick here. If I could find a "white-acting" black boy I'd actually be quite happy. 




 Hello, me. 




 Tuck's pad secret ingredient. 




 I was one of the ones who said I'm not interested in penises. I'm unlikely to be attracted to a transman because most of them get top surgery and I like boobs. I'm also unattracted to deep voices and large amounts of body hair, which some have after taking testosterone. 

And there are plenty of dildos that don't look extremely phallic- such as lack of veins or distinctive glans.  




 Agreed, this for me as well. 




 Stop making wild, racist accusations when OP hasn't said anything remotely race-related. You don't have the right to judge someone's identity or perception of their environment. Especially when you're not a part of it!

And if anything is "lesbophobic", you're username certainly is. 




 I don't think they're saying there's anything wrong with being butch, but as a butch OP should be horrified at their own behavior for being associated with this saying. I'm not agreeing with them, just clarifying. 




 I think it's wonderful that you're excited to go to a university where you and your wife will be accepted! I remember how excited I was to go to a school that was queer friendly and didn't have to hide a part of my identity. It sucks someone took a lighthearted quip and turned it into an attack. If anyone is aggressive and making wild assumptions it's them. And as a black person, I can't see how this person is feeling racially threatened by you. I wish you all the best :)

Edit: grammar 




 Embarrassed to say I just read the description and tried to imitate the noise lol 




 Where are you from? I'm intrigued by lesbian football teams and waterfalls :) 




 That was my first thought lol 




 What's your overall point? 




 A lot of people feel bad for Morello but I just can't find any sympathy for her. 




 ~~Heart~~

Hart 




 I'm pretty sure Gender Identity Disorder and dysphoria are classified as psychological issues

[Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_identity_disorder)
 




 Not OP but sometimes it is hard to deal with, it gets tiring after awhile. But I also know who I am, as well as my friends and family, all that we've accomplished. Most of the POC I know don't fit any one of the common stereotypes I see, so I know it's bullshit. I see a lot of the racist people on Reddit as ignorant and uncultured, and definitely not qualified to speak for "the black community". 




 My (black) church gets student for the university nearby all the time. We treat them like nice people who are interested in worship because that's what they normally are. I grew up in white Catholic churches and always was treated decently. 




 My worst nightmare was giving a presentation where I had to say "rural" like 34 times. I sounded like I was mentally challenged by the end, cant pronounce that word for the life of me. 




 That sounds really interesting. How did you end up in that specialty or is this your first PA job?  




 I didn't understand why she threw the turtle in the first place? 




 Or....

**HEDD2016** 




 You echo my thoughts exactly. 




 spicy salsa plus tobacco

Quite the recipe you've got there. 




 I think it's the fact that people don't see rice, black beans, protein, and cheese as calorie culprits as obviously as say McDonald's or other fast food. I think cutting the tortilla helps a lot.  




 What's the difference? I've never heard this word before! 




 Thanks for clearing that up. Even if the ad wasn't trying to be racist I still couldn't understand the point of the ad. 




 What? 




 This might sound dumb, but I used to be offended by the word "cis" because people were calling me a term that I didn't identify with. I knew what cis meant, "identifying with your assigned gender". I just didn't feel like I have a "gender" and I still feel that way sometimes. I have my biological sex which includes ovaries, breasts, and vag, personality, etc. I can't honestly say I feel I have some innate sense of womanhood anywhere in my being. 




 It's about culture and nationality, not skin color alone. Racial classification in the US isn't common outside the US.

Source: Mom is dark skinned Dominican, calls herself Latina- Dominican and nothing else. 




 I think the op is comparing Trans to other minority groups and saying they don't kill themselves due to depression caused by discrimination. 




 Nonbinary, meaning not male or female identifying.  




 Do you mean intersexed people?  




 On point. 




 Or the plot of Back Door Sluts 9 




 From what I read it seems they offer funding to public health programs that aim to reduce smoking, HIV/AIDs transmission, and reduce health disparities in minorities. It's not like a hospital is giving out free prescriptions and CAT scans.  




 Do you have a source on the quota for minority students? 




 How does being black give you easier access to health care?  




 I wish someone would tell my depression that:( 




 What happened?  




 T 




 Next commercial spot lol 




 What's wrong with saying female?  




 Saltier than Lot's wife.  




 Yup as an Iowan, I'm sad this is why we're being mentioned on Reddit for once.  




 Tonight we ride!  




 Black vape user here 




 The fuck?  




 Any advice about merging onto the highway? 




 I'm not weighing it, estimating with my fitness pal and with the nutrition facts on the back if it comes with that.  









 Yeah definitely. They're pretty strong and frequent too. 




 Lol sometimes my mom will be cutting potatoes for dinner and I'll grab a piece.  




 something, something White privilege. 




 HAES 




 Lobster. Nothing sexy about trying to crack a shell open and slathering the meat in butter. 




 Baby bear? 




 Nibble on it you heathen! 




 Eating raw potatoes makes my teeth feel really scummy for some reason. 




 Best way to piss my gf off? Eat one of those in bed right before she gets in. *Evil laughter* 




 Circumcise it. 




 Sorry you had a bad experience, maybe try finding another beautician.

I had the exact opposite experience about a month ago. I've had long relaxed since I was kid and recently decided I wanted to transition. Went to a new stylist and she refused to BC it because she couldn't understand why I'd want short natural hair:( 




 Writhing, back arching, deep moans, vaginal contractions...SPLOOSH!

My leg muscles tightened up once so bad it turned into a charlie horse. 




 1. http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2ztwk3/severus_gate_agent_snape/


2. https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3804xj/so_apparently_snape_works_at_american_airlines/crr8lkp 




 May I.....Slytherin? 




 [More Snapes on a plane](http://ak-hdl.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/webdr02/2013/8/9/11/enhanced-buzz-14842-1376062662-10.jpg) 




 Hufflepuff boarding before Gryffindor? *Shots fired* 




 You sound like a good boyfriend:) 




 Exactly. My mother grew up through segregated schools and her sister's arm got broken by a cop for attempting to go. My rage level was through the roof reading that thread. 




 As a woman I'm not sure whether to feel sorry for you or afraid. Honestly, it's a mix of both. 




 I hate Tyler Perry not only because he plays into stereotypes but he's sexist as well imo.  




 You people sounds accusatory and like you're generalizing someone. My people is about being united and having things in common. 




 Triple minority here. It's not about skin color, it's about being united by certain experiences, struggles, and circumstances.  




 I'm guessing he's calling them his people because they're united by the same struggle and experiences, to a point.  




 Bingo. My grandparents lived through Jim Crow. My mom was around when schools were still segregated in the south. Our family was lucky to be able to move to the Midwest so their kids could get a decent education. This shit wasn't so long ago. 




 Give me an example? 




 It's speaking ghetto or hood. And it's a dialect not an accent. 




 misinformation 




 Interesting. I feel like most schools do but I'll do some research.  




 I'm not a jerk:) 




 How important is the GRE score in comparison to everything else (gpa, letters of rec, personal statement etc)? 




