 Except for the fact that most rail lines (let's just go with in the US because you're probably from here anyway) are publicly owned ventures and in order to upgrade these systems they would need to raise fares, maybe taxes, incur construction delays, and all of the things that are really unpopular and cause more uproar than a derailment. Not to mention its cheaper to pay out a settlement than all the upgrades necessary.

But yeah, no its those damn unions. 




 EMOTIONAL masochist. Not physical. 




 Neither. Drinking and celebrating. 




 East Tennessee man, strippers bathe themselves in oxy, not glitter. 









 So was the History Channel like five years ahead of this?  




 I know. Only one person left until the secret belongs to me. 




 It would be like... An entire planet thats a computer. 




 You can, but you're gonna get zero. 




 I get it if you are a new player, but when the majority of these end up being something like "should I go for the luxury with 2 hills and a sheep or the luxury with 3 forests and slightly closer to my capitol?"

Make your own damn decision. Or settle both, I really, REALLY don't care. 




 Yeah man, 300 if you re use you old keyboard and case.  




 No. 




 Its in St Augustine Florida. Go forth and fall into tourist traps. 




 What's the map size and how many civs are playing? 




 Born here, learned to talk there, college here, work here, work there. 

Yes, totally just British. 




 I think you, Leslie Neilson and I are the only ones who remember that disaster. 




 The point of the statement is that the stated scenario is bs in part because of how the 7 uses a line to increase its worth.  




 She's from Chicago (according to Wikipedia.) 




 Basically tally marks would have the same effect and be a more natural solution. 




 Well, at least I have no idea what the fuck they are talking about. 




 Probably a franchise anyway. 




 1, what population density is it OK to change the governmental structure, 2, there are different means to maintain a democracy while changing out who is the government. Its a different group of people with some different rules, not a dictatorship.

Yeah, it might not be a popular move, then again, it might. 




 They could give up governmental control. Maybe not just giving the land as title and ownership, but facilitation of the land they could. 




 Quantum Mechanics is how the universe is trolling us. 




 I'm guessing you missed the second and third matrix movies. 




 That was kind of the point. Jack Abramoff couldn't deliver, so a movie about him shouldn't either. 




 Its so cool. 




 I know exactly what I'm thinking of. I'm thinking of all the engineers in my family and the ones I've worked with over the years. 




 You've never met an engineer have you? 

Oh yeah, summerreddit. 




 Engineer is far more likely. 




 Airplanes? AIRPLANES?! Have you heard of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_accidents_and_disasters_by_death_toll#Aviation?

/that's why 




 Found the engineer. 




 Yeah probably. Then again, maybe we should be with people who like us for us and not try to force a height thing. 




 I don't think you realize how big this continent is. 




 True Lies isn't that bad. 




 You see an Arab man on a motorcycle being chased through a luxury hotel by Shawrzengerblicher on a horse. What do you do? 




 Yes, but with stacks of paper and some people call it data entry. 




 It would be nice. 




 What if we took all the tall men who aren't getting laid and all the tall women who aren't getting laid and put them in the same place?  




 Capitals are generally the higher population cities. They get the bonuses from city-states first and if you are going tradition, it'll will receive extra growth. 

Plus you've got a testy neighbor close to your second city. 




 It depends on the context. Like, if I'm pumping gas or on a smoke break, don't expect me to be super chatty. If I'm at the bar or something, sure I've probably drunk enough to be social. 




 Nah, pretty much on par with regular reddit. 




 Yeah, fuck corporate OP. 




 This makes me sad. 




 We got burnt out on him playing like 4 roles in the same movie. 




 The hands of fate certainly seem tied. 




 Do people who wear different clothes on different days also confuse you? 




 Like Black Jason Statham or Cancer Patient Matt Damon. 

But last night, I saw Male Janeane Garofalo with ironic trucker hat accessory.  




 Yep. 




 So, censorship is an active attempt to stop you from expressing your views, which is different than refusing to provide the forum to express it. Especially when you consider that this site is the equivalent to private property, if you kick the shrubs and dig up the grass, they have the right to ask you to leave. 

This new era of butthurt is really going to screw us up for a long time. I don't have a dog in many fights, I just watch and try to maintain a logical standpoint. 

*But seriously, this is getting pretty regoddamndiculous.* 




 Gross. 









 Holy shit, scout better to start.  




 DUDE. FUCKING SPOILERS. 




 Not exactly what I think of when 'eating talls' is mentioned.  




 I have pockets. 

Oh and its the freaking dollar store, no one gives a shit except for the autistic guy who does some stocking. 




 Different game styles.  




 And the panels you buy might even work for an entire summer! 




 I know. 




 Make sure it doesn't do anything else, eye injuries are bad news. 




 Florida originally, Tennessee now. I'm taller and bigger than most people, but I haven't felt afraid of people. And I have been in some stupid situations. 




 Damn son. Did you get it checked out?  




 I come across guys who are taller than me pretty regularly and I've never felt that fear. And I've met guys 5 inches and 200 pounds heavier than me. 

Maybe I'm broken or something? 




 Yeah. There are some really retarded people in the drug trade. 




 Its mee-mee. So dank.  




 I just can't wait for the headline: 

Nebraska man murders 11 in Death Penalty repeal protest, Receives life in prison. 




 Well, all they'd get is dick pics, but any half assed lawyer can get shit thrown out if no warrant is awarded. 




 So brave. 




 That's why you put a lock on the phone and refuse to give them the pass code without a warrant. 




 Says the white person. Check your privilege. 

Oh wait, this isn't TiA. 




 Great asses aren't made by just fat, they have to have a solid foundation. The jiggly bit is the icing, and no one wants a cake made of just icing, its kinda gross. 




 That's a stretch. 

Selling cigarettes doesn't give you lung cancer and he was cooking in an RV, not a van. 




 Yeah, but I want to smoke them. 




 What? 




 Nah, its cool. I look like a middle class white dude. 




 Sell one cigarette in the club, everybody fucking wants one. 




 ITT; people who have never worked in a bar.  




 Pretty sure the more creative the map is on info and representation, the more relaxed the standards. 

Beautiful AF + close enough = Top of page. 




 :| 




 It's still a bunch of really ridiculous shit though. 




 Don't know til you try. 




 When you browse on mobile with an app, you click a YouTube link and it will sometimes ask if you want to watch it on chrome, browser, or you tube app. 




 Every Filipino guy has a crush =\= everyone who has a crush is a Filipino guy. 




 Well, when you believe that after death is eternal happiness in a freaking paradise, its not so much suffering. 




 The point of the 144k is that they would be like judges and princes in heaven. 

No giant condominium in the sky. Jehovah's Witnesses, not South Florida Jews. 




 Well yeah, that's the sound it would make. 




 Cool. So hopefully no super glowing-Capuchin-overlord  experiments. 




 The shunning is really the biggest thing. They tend to be stuck in the 50's morality-wise, knee length skirts, supervised courtship, etc. So nothing like Scientology crazy. 

By and large the just cutting off immediate family members entirely, like my mom did to my brother, her own son. Literally nothing more than 'Hello.' 




 They believe that all those who aren't chosen to go to heaven will inhabit a paradise like earth to live as Jehovah had intended for Adam and Eve to do. 

Its like a really nice second place prize. 




 I really hope he doesn't become a stock broker. 




 Rolled with the punctures.* 




 If this person didn't make something of their life, I will be disappointed.  




 "Freckles" ... Oh honey... 




 Former bouncer, currently uniformed security for an office building. 




 So a 12 year old libertarian with a Masters of Fedora from redpill? 




 You can smoke without being a fucktard, and you can be a fucktard without smoking. 

He probably would have stolen it and done something else with the money anyway.  




 Some people sleep heavy, or beer and a benedryl, sleep aides.  




 That's why we have things like involuntary manslaughter charges. 

But the biggest point here is: did intentional actions directly lead to this person's death?  




 OK, fine. You want to be a smartass. I'm game.

Did you intent to cut the person? If you did that would be a felony. Did the resulting injuries cause the person's death? Well shit I guess it did.

If you intentionally injure someone and the end result is their death, YES SMARTASS, THAT'S FUCKING MURDER. 

There is no 'its just a prank bro' if someone fucking dies. JESUS FUCKING CHRIST. 




 Yes, because the end result is a death.

That's what matters the most here.  




 At least it didn't smell like drop. 




 I'm just here for the popcorn.gif 

This thread is amazing. 




 I got out before all that, so I don't know what dating was like. It also didn't cross my mind. 

Holy shit, that must have been a nightmare. 




 Not even Finnish metal is this fucking hardcore. 




 I'm surprised you reddit. Myspace/Facebook were banned in my district for a long time. 




 You missed the point. 

If the kid dies without taking the blood, he gets to heaven situation. If you give him the blood, he lives, but loses out on the life in heaven. 

Heaven  earth (given that it exists.)  




 The funniest thing about all this is that I grew up JW and this was a very real situation for me. At any point in time I could have been in a car accident and I'd have been FUCKED. 

We don't let children make medical or legal decisions, for good reason, they generally don't have the critical thinking skills to make the best choice. So parents make the decision. Yeah, its a shit decision, but legally speaking, they are the ones who have the final say. 

I'm not a JW, and I have no intention to be, but if you want to be the one to take a shit all over the constitution, just try. 




