 Bit of a long shot but my ENT prescribed me Clarithromycin. It is an antibiotic but at low dosages (250mg) it is apparently a good antihistamine/anti-inflamatory (I forget which). I have it but I haven't tried it yet and so can't comment on the effectiveness.
 




 Sounds identical to my story. I stopped eating dairy products and a lot of my problems vanished. I only showed as being allergic to dust mites and rye grass. Bear other possible allergens problems in mind. 




 sleepio.com is a self-help insomnia programme that uses sleep restriction therapy. It is very well made and claims success in about 75% of people. It's about £7 per week and a typical course is 12 weeks.

You may also want to read up on Delayed Sleep Phase Disorder (DSPD). A disorder where people can not get to sleep until very late at night. The solution is to use a blue light box and very low dosages of melatonin (chronotherapy) to affect your phase response curve to light. A good book on the topic is "Reset Your Inner Clock" by Dr. Michael Terman. My detailed info about the treatments is here: http://tinyurl.com/oldao5l

For me I am sure that allergies were my problem. I tried all sorts of medication, exercise, chronotherapy etc. but had no luck. As soon as I cut out dairy, certain soaps, shampoos and I think I now need to add E45 cream to the list I do a LOT better. I saw improvements within a few days and think (touch wood) that I was a 'normal' person about a month later. I cut out diary about 6 weeks ago. It isn't difficult to try for a few days. I don't know anything about allergies but I think people can develop them later in life.

Good luck. 




 It must be difficult knowing that you need help but to also be terrified of those that are there to help.

I am sure you already know but doctors are there to help. They have seen everything before and it is probably almost impossible for anything you do to embarrass them. I am sure they have clients in their offices who burst into tears reasonably often. Therefore you should not be scared of embarrassing yourself. You can also start by telling them that you don't trust their profession due to past bad experiences. A good doctor will understand and try to settle your mind. That said I don't know what your traumatic experiences were. Could you take a friend of family member with you?

Maybe another option is to go and see a mental health charity. They maybe able to go to the doctor with you to ensure nothing bad happens. If you still can't face going then maybe the charity can help in other ways. If you just need to talk and don't think that you need medication then maybe a mental health charity could provide that for you. Failing that maybe you have an intelligent and sensitive friend who could listen.

If you have enough money then you may also be able to find a highly recommended doctor. Perhaps the recommendations of other clients may settle your mind.

Try not to let your past experiences define your future relationships. There are lots of people out there who are bad for us, but there are also some who are good. Don't close out the good because of previous unpleasant experiences. It takes time to build trust, so realise that the first appointment with a doctor, for you, maybe only about building trust and nothing more. Maybe it takes several appointments to really start getting somewhere. That's OK, take your time. 

Good luck. 









 I went to see an ENT recently for similar reasons. As mentioned by ads215 Flixonaise is the "go to" product. My ENT also told me that an antibiotic called Clarithromycin at low dosages make for a good antihistamine (or maybe anti-inflamatory) - this was discovered by Japanese scientists. I was given a dosage of 250mg per day. I can't really say how effective it was as I didn't take it due to extreme insomnia. 

In the UK you can just to to your GP and they will prescribe the Flixonaise. In England you will pay a few £'s to get the prescription filled.

You can also ask your GP about Clarithromycin but they may well not know about it. Maybe you can find info on it on the internet and show it to your GP. I am not even sure if it is safe for long-term use.

Have you also tried dust mite protectors for you mattress, pillows and quilt? ELF Evolution make good quality covers - see Amazon. You can also buy a UV wand that will kill dust mites and a sonic emitter that will disrupt their feeding and breeding cycles. It takes 3 months to reduce the dust mite population by about 50%. 




 I was there myself until recently. Doctors and psychologists didn't agree and I was left floundering for about 20 years. It was a terrible time and I hope that you find a coping strategy much, much quicker than I did.

I think that solving any issue like this is incredibly complicated. It is very difficult for you to find any solution if your health care providers cannot agree on a diagnosis. Keep talking to them and incorporate their information into your coping strategies. However, realise that if they can't agree then it may well fall upon you to both manage them and do a lot of the research into the possibilities yourself. That is how I finally solved my issues, by taking full control of my situation. As you correctly say, the internet can't diagnose you but it can give you ideas of things to try. 

I know what I am saying it probably very hard and unpleasant to digest. You want help but those who are best placed to give it don't agree. For the immediate future that fact won't change and the burden will fall back on you again - nasty as that it is. You are doing the right thing by asking here for advice. Unfortunately, the best I can do is to suggest that you take a longer term perspective. Educate yourself, try new things, treat the problem you are having as a difficult nut to crack - it certainly sounds like a difficult situation to be in. Read a little each week, but allow yourself time to acknowledge that at times you will need to stop looking for a solution due to exhaustion. That's OK but try not to completely give up.

Maybe you could ask your psychiatrist/doctor for medications that treat bipolar and/or depression. You may not fit the classic symptoms (as evidenced by the disagreement of the professionals) but that doesn't necessarily mean medication won't help. I would also look at cutting out possible dietary problems such as wheat, dairy etc. If diet is the problem then you should see improvements within a couple of weeks. 

How is your sleep? Could poor sleep be a root cause? Some people get apnoea that prevents them entering REM and they wake up feeling rotten. 

I did write an article trying to provide motivation to people in your position. If you are interested it is at: http://tinyurl.com/n8mz6je

You sound like you are a hard worker at the times when you are focussed. Maybe your main project should be to continue looking for a solution to the issues you describe. 

Good luck. It sounds like you are in an unenviable position. I'm sorry I can't be of better help. It makes me sad to think that maybe there are people just starting on the journey that I started on 20 years ago. 




 Treatment wise I couldn't find anything that worked for me and I looked for about 20 years. Recently I gave up dairy products and now very frequently sleep straight through 6-8 hours a night. There was a time when I was getting 6 hours sleep per week. A small caveat to that it I recently switched to 50mg of Trazadone as well, but if I eat even two eggs during the day I won't sleep at night.

I am still trying to work out why I didn't try it before but I currently think that there really were no indicators of allergy or intolerance. Then again, maybe I am just trying to persuade myself that I am not totally stupid! I am bloody glad that the sleepless nights are over though. 

Good luck to those who are still working on it. It can be a very painful experience to go through. 




 I can only assume that you have tried chronotherapy and low dosages of melatonin (300mcg). I read a book on this when I was trying to work out if that was my problem and the author claimed quicker sleep onset time of up to 8 hours for one DSPD patient. The book was 'Chronotherapy' by Dr. Michael Terman. I wrote a little about what I learned here: http://tinyurl.com/oldao5l 




