 They only care in the US if you're suicidal, and even then you still have to pay the treatment costs. I have to pay 3,000 dollars out of pocket before my insurance will even look at my mental health treatment (diagnosed major depressive disorder). Sorry she won't take her meds, thats frusterating. that combined with therapy could really do wonders 




 Holy shit 




 hows your mental health care, expenses wise?? 




 In the county jail i worked at in PA, you would write a request slip to the counselor/case manager in charge of workers. at that facility, you could do inside work even if you werent sentenced, but needed to be sentenced for outside work. Be nice to the counselor! dont write 2000 requests, be patient. if they didnt get back to you in a week, write another. good for you for wanting to work, itll definitely make your time go faster. 




 update: english hard  




 im not quite shirt how I feel about this  




 BUT I AM CLEANING UP SO WELLL 




 It can get pretty loud in the car when this comes on  




 Real shudder  




 PRIME 




 Less stimulation. I do this lots  




 Dave Matthews Band. I dont know why but the sound of his voice makes me cringe. Pair that with talking about ~sexy things~ and its intolerable 









 Any therapist/psychologist. Holy balls. 




 It's really hard to tell with this picture. With your hair styled and wearing nice clothes I can picture you to be attractive. None of your features make you ugly  




 hahaha starting off strong! 




 you as well!! thanks! 




 thanks! i definitely will  




 My former psychiatrist would always always tell me I needed to work out more, and it only triggered me to do the opposite. I've switched doctors (for reasons unrelated), we took me off meds, and this is my third day at the gym. I'm feeling great and wanted to introduce myself. 

My goal is to lose the extra weight added on during the height of my Depression, and keep my mood regulated. 

Here goes nothin'  




 (raises hand) 
irritability's a bitch 




 I saw him in PA and I liked his solo set so much better than full band...(sorry roaring 20s). it was so intimate and fuck  




 i have no criticism but i just wanted to say i love the color pairs you chose  




 dude i love this 




 Sisterhood of the traveling pants where Carmen is yelling at her dad. Hits too close to home maybe  




 Scrapbooking. So many cute lil stickers I want...and paper...and paper cutters....and the pictures being printed...and the scrapbook itself  




 The Almost-Say this Sooner
Say Anything- Peace Out  




 You little shit  




 This show is the reason I have faith in the world oh my fucking god  




 AMERICAN DREAMS. 




 im cis and wished i look like you ahahahah. way to go! 




