 Using marijuana  




 The stuff I'm getting is called sour diesel I don't know if that matters or not but what are some tips for my first time? 




 Thanks and it's not finished it's still work in progress  
























 Thanks I will defiantly try that I just want to test a few things before I start  




 I'm doing my first cosplay/gender bend cosplay as Ashe from league of legends
And I am hand making the bow I wanted to do a card board frame and wire then paper mâché the outside then sand the out side smooth then paint is this a posable method ?  




 Not a save, just stating facts. 









 Yeah but he's got them moves like a jaguar  









 Hi 




 Thanks :) 




 I was just getting done with my shift at around 6:30pm at the summer boys camp. The forecast called for rain and by looking at the sky that forecast would soon come true, so I made my way to my old rusty ford pinto as I put the key in the ignition it took 5 or 6 tries to get it to turn over. I was just 40 min outside of the city when the rain hit like wall, my car started to slowly decelerate as I notice my check engine light was on "you gotta be f@$ ing kidding me!". I looked to see if there are any incoming cars to help but in the distance I saw an old rundown house but it wasn't abandoned there was a light on inside, so I quickly grabbed my umbrella wedged in the bottom of my seat and make my way to the front door.
    
   I knock 3 times, the door slowly opens with an eerie squeak you only hear in the movies to reveal an elderly man who could well be in his late hundreds a beard down to his stomach whiter then mountain snow and bald scalp.
  "May I help you" he asked
    
    "Yes my car broke down just down the road, would I be able to make a call?"
  
 The old mans face was blank 

 "Sorry son,no phone here"
    
  "Well may I stay until the rain stops?"
 
"Sure you can !"the old man seemed delighted as if I was the first person he's seen in 10 years.
   He gave me a tour of his house but oddly enough kind of like the tardis it was crappy on the outside but beautiful on the inside. I noticed a door he seemed to miss as we walked by I asked "what is in here"

 The old man turned around with lightning speed as if he was 20 again 
 
"Do not touch what's in there!"
He slammed the door that was not even an inch open and pulled a key from the wall and locked the door.
 
"I'm sorry"
Well finally sat down in the dinning room and the man grabbed me a soda. As we were talking waiting for the rain to stop the old man slowly began to drift off as I was telling him about my job. After he was asleep I got very curious I wan to know what's in that room, so I slowly get up and make my way to the locked door I grab the key off the wall I slowly start to unlock the door but as I open the door I hear in the back of my mind "don't touch what's in there".
    I open the door to find a stairwell leading to a basement I start making my way down the old creaky stairs surprised they can hold my weight. I look over to see in the corner of the room a 20x15ft steel cage but that's not what shocked me what shocked me was the 750lbs silver back gorilla sitting favoring the wall 4 ft in front of the cage door I slowly approach the cage and again in my mind I hear "don't touch what's down there" but all I can think about is why is this animal here. I try to make the gorilla move so I say "hey!" But no response it was as if it was a realistic statue I went to the side of the cage to get a view of its face and it just had a blank stare not even a blink.i noticed another key on the wall by the cage so I took the key I slowly opened the cage door and reached ever so slightly towards the gorilla my pointer finger just barely grazed it's fur when the gorilla erupted with a loud yell I feel back and ran up the stairs and bolted out of the house.

 Surprisingly through all the noise the old man was fast asleep. I looked back to see the gorilla burst through the front door, he was locked on me like a heat seeking missile I made it to my car and prayed it would start but the key would not turn over. The gorilla ripped the passenger side door off as if if were opening a can of tuna, I quickly got into the fetal position as I was cry praying and begging not to be ripped apart the gorilla slowly reached in with its massive hands and poked me on the shoulder and said "you're it !" In a raspy voice.
 




 This is more of a dug 
http://i.imgur.com/0PjjH5H.jpg 




 Yes it was good I had to turn on a light to finish it  




 His face is too narrow 




 What the actual fuck. 




 Dylan O'brien in my opinion is one of the hardest celebrities to draw it's just something about his face but you are very close to nailing it head on try drawing it 2 or 3 more times then compare  




 His feature look to round and there is not much shadowing/shading  









 Her lip is a tad bit too big and thank you I guess while I draw I never really do take a step back and look at my drawing  




 Thanks I'll keep all that in mind  




 It's just  from rolling it up since I would take it back and forth from home and school but I bought a poster folder for my art 



















 Most likely it's her parents fault she's like that. 




 Want some cheese with that wine? 









 Either you are payed to say "how are you" or "how was your day" or not you most likely have done the samething they have and just ignored someone I know it's  common courtesy but unless you are mr.roggers I doubt you should complain because you have done it too.
 
Oh I'm also a waiter  




 It's LeviOsa, not LeviosAR! 




 Oh , bite me 









 "I do not like thee cone of shame"-Dug 




 Hahah I get it my leg looks like a boner! 




 I had one didn't start to hurt until Christmas eve at about 1:00am had to go to the E.R. Got some nice painkillers for Christmas.  




 "Congratulation you are now the fattest boy on camp" 




 Happy Father's Day this is the most important question I need to know the answer to ... Waffles or pancakes? 




 My goldens name is dexter... It's a 'killer' name wouldn't you say? 














 Yes she sheds a ton  




 No I understood it was helpful but when your team is fighting each other feeding and communication is shit it is hard to carry.  




 Not much you can do when your team feeds and dose not cooperate or listen  




 Any tips on playing in ranked? I was in silver V I played well but my teams would lose so I got dropped to bronze 1. I usually play Ryze top lane. What are your strategies? 














 He already knows dig!! 




 My level 3 [golden retriever] (http://i.imgur.com/0PjjH5H.jpg) 









 That scene was really good in my opinion! 




 I see what you did there! 




 I know it tore my heart out  




 Thank I tried to make it have more but frankly I didn't care in the first place 














 Go Go Godzilla!! 




 Thanks 




 I love wall 














 Well I'm sorry  









 No I just like a certain type of music I was born in the generation I was Suppose to, but the music today is unoriginal and has over used lyrics. 




 Idk what to tell you 




