 Also "Asleep" by The Smiths. Gets me everytime  




 Ugh, so infuriating. Poor Kristen. I can't understand why people can't wrap there heads around a world that is non-binary  




 Actually 5! They're all musicals! Every year like clockwork! It's a little crazy, but my school takes musical theater very seriously  




 That's so cool! My school does on musical in the fall (Brigadoon), a One Act in the winter (Pippin), a Musical in the spring (Adams Family), and two summer musicals (undecided)  









 That's exactly what we do! But it goes on for about two months, like there's a districts, regionals, and states plus festivals put on by various school. So every weekend for two months we travel to a different school in the state and compete against others. We're in the middle of our one act season right now! What are you guys doing?  




 And it's like a competition? Like a traveling one-act?  




 Cool! What show are you doing?  




 One acts? Isn't that just a Michigan thing? 




 Jane Porter or Meg. I don't know why but I related to their strong personalities so much   




 "Fuck me gently with a chainsaw" is my answer for everything 😂😂 




 My dream!! 




 Dying for Heathers and Sad Girl. I hope they're referencing Heathers the movie because it is my ALL TIME FAV 




 Thanks!!  




 Anyone have guessed on the price of this?  




 Oh my god that's so amazing! Thank you so much it's absolutely adorable! 




 I'll totally try that!! 









 I do and I love love love them! But the post so many unique OCC colors that I have a hard time re-creating them  




 I'll swatch anything you want!  




 Absolutely! Here you go! http://i.imgur.com/uZ4NYdL.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/qYqPS6t.jpg (a little hard to catch the shimmer but it's very very pretty!) 




 I can't get over how great my family is! My mom has an eye for great products!  




 I got the mini Smashbox Full Exposure palette and it's absolutely adorable! It's so think and sleek and I'm still so excited about it! AHHH a I can't get over how cute it is! http://i.imgur.com/yXwaqQE.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/cRIMTIW.jpg 




 Anyone have some good lipstick inspo pictures? I would love to try some crazier looks than just one color on my lips!  




 Product List: 
Kat Von D studded lipstick in Lolita 
Givenchy Mascara (100 point perk) 
LUSH Cosmetics lip scrub in Mint Julip 
MAC lipstick in Heroine 
Kat Von D Foiled Lipstick in Valentine 
Kat Von D Foiled Liquid Lipstick in Adora 
NARS dual intensity eyeshadow singles in Himalia and Dione 
Mini Smashbox Full Exposure pallet 
Real Techinique Brushes  









 These shadows are absolutely gorgeous. I received them as a Christmas gift and was floored at how beautiful they were. They're called Dual Intensity because they're meant to either be applied wet or dry (like you can do with most shadows) but the difference between the two is crazy. They're a light sweep of shimmer when applied dry, but the pigment when applied wet is so gorgeous. It's a little bit pricey for eyeshadow singles, but I am so happy they were gifted to me! I'm IN LOVE with them!  



http://imgur.com/hOTrreE
http://imgur.com/4mYZSbb
http://imgur.com/RPhwbwo
http://imgur.com/agOgSz1
http://imgur.com/W0Bd2sx
 




 The two shades are Himalia (left shade in picture, top two swatches) and Dione (right shade in picture, bottom two swatches). I got these as a Christmas gift and they are honestly so gorgeous. They're made to either be applied dry or wet, and as you can see they are both absolutely gorgeous either way. They're so creamy, and the pigment when wet is absolutely beautiful. They're a bit pricey for eyeshadow singles, but I am absolutely IN LOVE with them!!!! 




 I am signed up to be a rematcher actually! I love giving gifts, I just had hoped the one i received would have at least a fraction of the effort I put into mine  




 Thank you, done and done.  




 Thanks, but none of these seem to help in my situation, I'm more looking to see if I'm eligible for rematch due to my gift being under the 20 dollars and what looks to me as a "send as little as possible so I still receive a gift"

Edit: of course this is just perspective on the gift.  




 I guess my added frustration is that I had a very detailed likes and dislike plus an extended wish list from the Reddit Marketplace, and my secret Santa never once contacted me. They also retrieved my info the day before shipping was supposed to happen. I will post it to the gallery without complaining because I honestly don't want to hurt my SS's feelings, I was just wondering if there was anything I could do to  make my gift exchange experience more positive  









 My girlfriend and I do that! We call it "playing dead" and it mostly happens when one of us is pouting. It's so nice to hear it's not just us!  




 Oh gosh! I didn't even realize this is considered a haul! It's not new or gifted to me. I though a haul was lots of things. My mistake!  




 Oops! Kat Von D's foiled lipstick in Valentine 




 I wear a lot of bright lip colors, and a lot of boys just don't understand how it works....like your lips? Being different colors???????   




 Yes! I have an awful camera quality, and I attempted to capture it, but it is super sparkly. I feel like Barbie! 


Here's an attempt to capture it (it's not very good, but you can kind of see what I mean on the bottom lip)
http://i.imgur.com/7HOX0f8.jpg 









 This was super helpful! Thank you!! 




 Well, I'm glad to hear that! Will I get an email saying I can sign up for rematch soon? Like....what do I do and when do I do it?  




 It just sucks that I spent so much money and time on a person only to get nothing in return...call me selfish but.. 




 What do I do if the person sending me a gift hasn't shipped yet? I have gotten zero messages from them, and they last retrieved my info on December 18th. Is there any way j can contact them to figure out what's going on? Or do I just have to blindly wait?  




 Oops! I assumed it was a woman since its a makeup subreddit which is totally wrong of me! I apologize!  




 She said she would also do non makeup pictures, i was specifically her to draw this for me  




 http://i.imgur.com/3MV26Ao.jpg


I know it's not makeup related, but it's almost Christmas and a drawing of my girlfriend would be wonderful! 
 




 Maybe one day :) 




 Thank you! I've never had bangs before, I think I'm too afraid of change! 




 Bold brows would be beautiful! You're gorgeous!  




