 Is this in London or Chicago? I'm going to assume Chicago, because of the amazing mustache.   




 KCW. Keys, cell phone, wallet, the three essential elements of my peace of mind. I can't leave anywhere without exercising the KCW pat down. If i do lose a KCW, it's just an obnoxious and costly bummer. But if you will, those are my children. 

If you created and raised a child, your animal instincts kick in whether you like it or not. The animal inside you won't fine peace of mind until your child is able to thrive in h/er environment.  If you lose a child, youre going to go through primal sadness. I would assume that would be enough to keep your child near while your on vacation. 

Sorry, this is a real This happens? moment for me. There is even a name for it!?!?!?! 




 Forgetful Tourist?  




 truman state?  




 I had a hard time making friends in high school. Every year I'd find another guy that had a hard time making friends, and we'd keep each other company for a year. Same classes, same lunch hour. It only worked cause  it was easy. 

Senior year was...we'll call him...Kyle. Kyle was like Samuel, Patrick, and Colin before him. Smart, nice enough, aware, but just insecure and a few months behind everybody else. Late bloomers, for whatever reason. He also liked the new girl, Lacy. 

I was also insecure and the latest of the bloomers, but I started getting attention my senior year. The "hottest girl in the school for sure" asked me out for coffee and we dated for a couple months. This meant I was no longer a wallflower. Kyle and I got to hang out with people other than ourselves, a very radical thing in our friendship. However, we dealt with it just fine. Until Lacy asked me out.

I said yes because she had a certain reputation, and because, ehhh, a girl thought I was worthy. Needless to say, I went into for all the wrong reasons and immediately cheated on her, which I immediately told Kyle, who I immediately told Lacy, who immediately dumped me, and I immediately never talked to Kyle. 

Kyle compensates with muscles and angry FB posts to this day. 

Oh yeah, we're still FB friends.   




 German factory owner violates industry regulations.  




 Banker never leaves his hometown.  









 And the jewelry? 




 When asked if he was good for China, it's common for people here (Beijing) to say he was "70% bad, 30% good." Exactly those numbers. Anybody know why?  




 I love pandas -- I want to save the pandas -- I love Chinese food -- I work at a Chinese restaurant -- I date a Chinese waitress -- I move to China -- I break up with Chinese waitress -- I don't save any pandas 




 Until he posts the interview, I can't provide verification. I can't post emails and stuff obviously, but this is real.
 




 Black cabs are usually a safe alternative to a cab, but at least two stories went viral recently of girls getting kidnapped by black cab drivers. Just be alert and bring a phone/friend.  




 "Join the army if ya fail!" - Bobby D 




 care to elaborate? 

 




 Yadda yadda yadda  




 ELI5: How?  




 When I see someones heart melt, mine does too and I ain't afraid of no monster-voice.  




