 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somnophilia

I have a sexual fetish that is fueled by sexual encounters (touching, kissing, simply looking, etc.) with a woman who is sleeping or unconscious, solely based on the fact that she is sleeping or unconscious. Basically, narcolepsy is my biggest turn-on. If I'm so much as in the same room with a good-looking, sleeping woman, you can bet I'll get a huge boner just from watching her sleep.

I also watch a lot of sleep fetish porn, and I have acted on this fetish in real life (with consent).

Ask me anything. 









 My response: "I'm good, thanks. Yourself?"

My favorite response from someone else: "Not bad for an old man." 









 I've been depressed for at least ten years. I lost the only job I had about a year and a half ago and haven't been able to find work since. I didn't graduate from high school because I was in too shitty of a mood to even go most of the time, and when I did, I couldn't focus.

I've had one girlfriend (who was only with me because she was desperate), and almost my entire family thinks of me as "The one who sits in the dark basement all day and doesn't talk to anyone."

I wanted to be a writer when I was around 13-15 years old (23 now), and I started numerous novels, but never came close to finishing any because I lacked the drive, motivation and commitment needed for something of that nature. I've written a single article for some site you've never heard of, got good feedback on it, but still find myself unable to do anything significant in that regard.

I've been on anti-depressants for two months. I stopped taking them recently because I couldn't afford to pay for them anymore. I felt no different while taking them, and I feel no different quitting them cold turkey.

Anyone else? Anyone at all in this position? Or at least a similar one? 














 You would think, if Hobbes is a real tiger in Calvin's world, he'd take exception or at least say something about it. But he just sort of shrugs it off every time.

Thoughts? 
























 I'm not a virgin-- the one woman I have had sex with gave me no stimulation through intercourse. I didn't feel anything. She felt a lot though. Ask our neighbors _

She gave me oral and handjobs, however, which were amazing. But I never came. I never had an orgasm. I just felt like I was going to explode the whole time, but I never ever came. Not once.

I feel fine. Other than, you know, chronic depression. But my balls feel absolutely fine. I don't get any pain down there or anything.

How is this possible? 




 I had a wet dream last night. Prompted me to make this. I could sort of feel it when it happened, but I was like half asleep (closer to being asleep than awake), so I didn't really do anything. I just let it happen and fell back asleep.

**EDIT:** I am a male. 





































































 Usually, when most people feel butterflies, they become nervous and unable to perform the task at hand (talking to a beautiful woman, playing in a significant sporting event, fighting, etc.) as well as if they didn't have butterflies.

Am I right to assume that most bodily functions such as this occur because of evolutionary traits that were at one time useful? If so, how exactly does this help? 














 * Calvin: Are you mad?!
* Mom: I *will* be, if you don't hop to it.

http://assets.amuniversal.com/054af702250a102d94d7001438c0f03b

* Dad: Next time we should take the tiger and forget the kid.

http://assets.amuniversal.com/3563f4f8250e102d94d7001438c0f03b

* Mom's reaction to being told that Calvin is inventing a robot to make his bed and wants a grant (3rd panel):

http://www.gocomics.com/calvinandhobbes/1989/08/30

* Calvin: What could possibly go wrong?!
* Hobbes: Whenever you ask that, my tail gets all bushy.

http://assets.amuniversal.com/070ae0802509102d94d7001438c0f03b 




 First off, for reasons I don't think are necessary to discuss, whenever I find a woman who's willing to put up with me, I get *extremely* attached. I'm not the type to constantly call or want to be around a girl, but when I am around her, I smother her. I touch her, I hold her, I tell her to hold me, and I basically give her no room to breathe. I know it's annoying, but I can't help it. It just happens.

On top of that, I'm extremely fucked up psychologically. I'm clinically depressed and possibly bipolar. I'm very sensitive emotionally, which can lead to a lot of conflict in a relationship.

I also hate intercourse. I'd much rather spoon or grope a woman all night long than have sex. Weird, I know. I really have no idea why I am this way. And I'm not assertive in any way in the bedroom. I prefer the woman to be aggressive. Turns out that most women want the opposite.

All in all, almost nothing about me is conducive to a happy, healthy relationship. I used to mope and be angry about this, but I've pretty much accepted my fate as a forever alone.

Is there anyone else out there like this? Or am I *truly* forever alone in this regard? 



























































 I was really close to my cousin-- we're both around the same age (23-25), and he was a really happy, mellow, down-to-earth guy. He made people laugh and didn't bother anyone, and I always loved hanging out with him (and I usually hate being around people in general-- that goes for everyone, even my close family).

I got the news on Sunday, and it's taken me until about a day or two ago to finally be able to handle it and try to live my life normally, but I'm still struggling. I'm afraid that if I go to the funeral, it will just devastate me all over again, and I dread having to feel that pain ever again.

What can/should I do? 




 My friend is playing Madden 13, and he just got an Achievement. When he hit the Xbox guide button to see what it was, I read the description in about a second. He left it up for at least four seconds. 














 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_emotions#Parrott.27s_emotions_by_groups

You can choose what's listed as a primary, secondary, or tertiary emotion. Up to you.

I get the feeling that "Longing" might be a popular choice. Maybe some Redditors want to be a super badass and will choose "Compassion" to get back at people who wronged them without regretting it.

Of course, "Sadness" would be a good choice as well, for obvious reasons.

What say, Reddit? 




 In life, you have two options-- die before the people you love, or watch the people you love die, knowing you can do nothing about it.

What a choice. I can't deal with this. I have no idea what the hell to do. I'm considering finding a way to live far away from everyone who knows me, and forging no new relationships with anyone there. I can't go through the grief of losing a loved one again-- I'm too sensitive emotionally. And I can't imagine my family seeing me on an autopsy table, unmoving... dead.

I can't fucking do it. 




 Speaking of himself in a verse that describes a hypothetical "alternate universe," I suppose, in which Marshall Mathers didn't have the will to pursue his rap career.

Full lyrics:

http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/bob/airplanespartii.html 




 What do you think he wondered when he viewed the death of another human being? What did he think was the difference between a dead body and a living one? When looking into the sky and seeing stars, and attempting to understand simple concepts like day and night, or abstractions like life and our place in the universe? 









 I'm trying to do anything I can to take my mind off of it, but all I can do is hear my dad's words over and over again in my head.

"James was killed in a car accident..."

"We just came from the morgue..."

"He looked like he was sleeping..."

My cousin and I were as close as brothers. I have no idea how I'm going to possibly deal with this. My body feels like it wants to sob profusely, but I just can't... I feel like I'm going to throw up, but I can't do that, either...

I don't know what to do... please make me feel better. 














 They either happen at completely random times, or when I see/hear/think of something funny or interesting. They get so intense sometimes that I get dizzy and lose my balance (but I haven't actually fallen because of it). At that point, I usually just have to "shake the cobwebs" and it goes away.

You might be thinking that it's not head tingles that I'm feeling, but I've experienced head tingles for a *very* long time (I remember my first one was because of a girl I liked in kindergarten), so I know what they feel like.

It's very weird, but it's sort of an intriguing feeling, because I was not aware at all that ASMR could be this intense. 



















 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somnophilia

I have a sexual fetish that is fueled by sexual encounters (touching, kissing, etc.) with a woman who is sleeping or unconscious, solely based on the fact that she is sleeping or unconscious. Basically, narcolepsy is my biggest turn-on. If I'm so much as in the same room with a good-looking, sleeping woman, you can bet I'll get a huge boner just from watching her sleep.

I watch sleep fetish porn (it's the only porn that can hold my attention), and I have acted on this fetish with multiple women in the past (with their consent, of course). 









 Would doorknobs be on the left? Would we drive on the left side of the road instead of the right? 









 I get instantly raged (internally only) whenever I see anyone say the words "my boyfriend" or "my girlfriend," anywhere at all, whether I know the person or not.

Yes, I have a problem. 




 Being wet isn't comfortable, nor is it conducive to sex. It'd be a hassle to clean, the person who's wet would be cold, and the person who's dry would be getting wet needlessly.

Yet, this:

http://www.blocsuite.com/home/wp-content/uploads/Shenese6.jpg

Is considered attractive (even if you don't find the girl in general attractive, stay with me anyway).

Why? 









 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somnophilia

I have a sexual fetish that is fueled by sexual encounters (touching, kissing, etc.) with a woman who is sleeping or unconscious, solely based on the fact that she *is* sleeping or unconscious. Basically, narcolepsy is my biggest turn-on. If I'm so much as in the same room with a good-looking, sleeping woman, you can bet I'll get a huge boner just from watching her sleep.

I watch sleep fetish porn (it's the only porn that can hold my attention), and I have acted on this fetish with multiple women in the past (with their consent, of course).

A note: Before anyone asks, yes, this is a re-post. I enjoy answering questions about this and I find that people like asking about it. 




 For example, some people believe that spicy food and junk foods can cause nightmares.

I've noticed that whenever I take sleep aids, I tend to have extremely long, very vivid dreams that I can easily remember when I wake up.

Do you know of anything that you do before going to sleep that affects the content of your dreams, or whether or not you dream at all? 









 http://www.reddit.com/r/techsupport/comments/wywgj/how_can_i_keep_my_motherboard_and_processor_from/

We figured out that using a different charger than the intended = bad. But right now, I'm very short on cash, and I can't afford to buy a new charger unless I'm *positive* that it will help my computer run better.

What think, r/techsupport? 




 I also haven't had any physical contact (let alone intimate contact) with a woman in over a year and a half. I've also never had an orgasm with the exception of frequent nocturnal emissions.

Ask me anything. 














 She has no idea what the key could be for, and she lives by herself-- before she moved in, no one with the name that was on the envelope lived there (previous tenant had been there for at least a decade). The envelope only had the name on it (no address, no stamp), so it was clearly not mailed.

What would you do, Reddit? 














 Or would you be too embarrassed, due to the societal viewpoint that being raped by a woman makes a man look weak? 




 Has this ever happened to anyone else? Am I the only one who has a tendency to mask his depression in public (and apparently do a damn good job of it)? 
























 Society seems to think that if people make much more money than the average person and also appear on television as part of their job, they're somehow above us "normal" people. They get giddy and excited just to see these people, and if a celebrity so much as talks to someone or writes their name down for someone, OMG IT'S AMAZING I CAN'T BELIEVE IT

We treat these people as if they're demigods, then get upset/perplexed when their egos become huge. They're people just like us. They eat, sleep, and shit just like us. They do what they're good at to earn an income just like us.

But apparently, talking to a celebrity or getting an autograph is a big deal, even though there's absolutely no tangible or intangible benefit of doing so. Meeting an actor, a pro athlete, etc., doesn't make someone's life better, but society has brainwashed us into thinking that's the case.

Again, they're just people doing what they're good at to make a living. Nothing more. 









 ... I think. I have no idea, since I've never been drunk or high on recreational drugs before.

I was recently prescribed an antidepressant called "vilazodone" by my doctor, and I started taking them two days ago (today was the third day I've taken it). Ever since I started using them, I've been feeling really, really weird (strange too, considering that I was told, and have heard, that these things take at least a month to work).

Anyway, since taking it for the first time, I feel the strangest combination of the following:

* Slight nausea
* Lightheadedness/dizziness (sometimes feels like my head is "spinning")
* Fatigue
* Horniness

I have no idea if this is normal or not, or even if it's a placebo effect at work, but... it feels sooooooo goooooood... _

I'm not at all concerned or asking for a diagnosis. Just bored and thought maybe someone would find this funny/intriguing. 




 I've heard that, with modern forensics, it's impossible. 









 I went to the doctor's office for an infection in my finger, got that taken care of, and then asked him about possible psychiatric treatments for my depression.

He asked me 7 or 8 questions from a questionnaire about my general emotional state and afterwards, I was prescribed vilazodone and given a starter kit.

I could have easily lied on the questionnaire, considering it was obvious how the questions were structured and how I'd have to answer them to give the impression that I'm depressed.

Am I missing something? 












































 I have a specific make and model (Dell Precision M6400) that I think has problems with overheating in these two areas. I'm already using a laptop cooler, and right now, without really doing anything except surfing the internet, my CPU is at 63 C and the motherboard is at 69 C. When it gets to this point, it has trouble loading any videos at all and it feels extremely hot to the touch (may also be an issue with an overheating graphics card).

What can I do, if anything, to keep it cooler? 














 http://assets.amuniversal.com/106a4fac250a102d94d7001438c0f03b

Then again, Calvin's such a little rotter that you might feel like ignoring him isn't the worst thing his parents could do o_o 




 I enjoy answering questions about this, so I wanted to field another AMA. I'm kind of bored. Anyways...

Somnophilia is a sexual fetish associated with extreme attraction to a partner who is sleeping or unconscious solely because of the fact that they are sleeping or unconscious. This is not a rape fetish-- taking a partner against his or her will has nothing to do with this.

I watch lots of sleep sex porn (it's the only porn that can keep my attention) and yes, I've fooled around with women as they sleep (with their prior consent).

Ask me anything. 




 What's wrong with reposting the same content in the same subreddit, some time later? It's the only way to expose one's post to more people (and thus get more distinct responses) after the original has died. 




 It feels like my depression and my exercise regiment are constantly clashing. To work out consistently requires energy, willpower, and motivation, all of which the parasite known as depression feeds on. 

Sometimes I'll be fully rested but unable to work out because I don't have one or more of the above necessities. Does anyone have any suggestions as to what can help? 




 Yes, really.

I am more attracted to Beth Phoenix than I have been to any woman in my entire life, and I refuse to settle for admiring from afar.

Ask me anything. 









 I also haven't had any physical contact (let alone intimate contact) with a woman in over a year and a half.

**EDIT:** I've also never had an orgasm.

Ask me anything. 



















 http://www.gocomics.com/calvinandhobbes/1991/03/18

Things that stood out to me:

-At one point, Calvin (or at least the "real" Calvin combined with the "good" Calvin) smiles for 16 straight panels. I always look for stuff like that (I'm weird), and I can't remember another time he smiled for even four straight panels.

-Hobbes notes at the end of the story arc that Calvin is "The only person [he knows] whose good side is prone to badness." But, Watterson immediately asserts (through Calvin) that it might not have been simply a case of Calvin being so bad that not even the incarnate of his good side can't resist being evil.

Calvin claims that "He could only be perfectly good as an abstraction. In his human manifestation, he wanted to throttle me," implying that simply by being human, it was impossible for "Good Calvin" to be flawlessly benevolent. Watterson was clearly making a point about human nature and perhaps our inability to resist the allure of sin.

This is part of the reason I resent when people disregard Calvin and Hobbes as "just a newspaper comic." Both Watterson and his writing are extremely deep, and his ability to express fundamental truths about things like this, and the world overall, is the reason I've re-read all of the collections at least three times each. 




 I fell for her the moment I laid eyes on The Glamazon. I adore her combination of physical strength and feminine beauty, and I refuse to admire from afar. I'm going after what I want.

Tell me how I can give myself the best chance to be successful. 



























































 I love it when I wake up in the morning and the sun isn't shining, and the sky is gray and cloudy and everything is just as dismal as it can be. 

And I absolutely LOVE rain. The stronger the downpour, the better. Sometimes I open my front door and just stare outside for the entirety of a thunderstorm. The sound the rain makes as it hits the ground, the dreariness, I just go crazy for it.

If your answer is "Yes," why do you think it is? For myself, I imagine it's for two reasons-- one, because I like to see nature matching my own mood (which is usually "Bleh"), and also because that type of weather keeps people from going outside, which I like (I hate people in general). 




 23/M, just got quasi-dumped without even seeing the woman in person. I won't bother with details, since this isn't a blog... we met on Reddit, we clicked almost instantly, we started to fall for one another (as much as two people can who interact only through text), and then she told me that it's "inevitable" that she'll eventually forget about me once school starts.

I could live with being 3,000 miles away from her and probably never getting the chance to ever see her in person. I realized that from the start. But I thought at the very least, we could be long-term internet friends who occasionally send each other naughty messages.

But when she told me that our relationship was basically going to self-terminate in the near future, it hit me like a ton of bricks. I wasn't even mad at her... I was just disappointed at life.

I'm overly emotional for a guy, so it probably hurts a lot more than maybe it would for someone reading this, but I think, no matter what, something like this will almost always be painful.

So, please... if you find someone you like, and they like you back, for the love of all that is holy, **tell him/her not to expect a long-term relationship of any kind if you know that it won't work, for ANY reason at all**. Please. I don't want anyone else to feel like this. 




 I thought it was just silly that people couldn't see Spider-Man when he's on the ceiling. I'm like "He's right there! Just look up!" Then, through my own behavior, I realized that people in general tend to ignore the ceiling when they walk into any given room. There's no reason to acknowledge it-- it's just... there. 




 I met her on Reddit. We live on opposite ends of the country, so being together in person was never a realistic option. Even still, we hit it off. AIM chats full of kisses and 3s and sometimes naughty exchanges when we were feeling horny.

We made each other feel better when we were down and we tried our best to make sure neither of us stayed down for very long. I'm not afraid to say that we may have been falling for one another.

Earlier tonight, though, she told me that soon, we wouldn't be able to talk to me very much, since she starts school soon. I could feel the relationship starting to dissolve as soon as she said that, but I tried to be strong. I asked her to promise to try her best to not forget me, but she said she didn't want to, because it's inevitable.

It hurt badly, and I didn't know what to say. The fact that I didn't respond immediately seemed to worry her-- she said that she felt bad, but I tried to make us both feel better by flirting playfully. Eventually, she remarked that I was hers and hers only. I replied, without thinking, "Until you forget about me." It was a cry for help... I didn't mean it. I just wanted her to make me feel better about it.

She then told me she was going to leave, and even though I literally begged and pleaded, she still signed off. Usually, if I were to say "Please don't leave," she would become sympathetic and lovingly stick around, for me.

This time, she left without even acknowledging my pleas for her not to.

There's a giant knot in my stomach and I feel like my heart has been irreparably torn asunder. I feel like I don't deserve to live for what I may have just done, and I now have no way of contacting her outside of Reddit.

Please, if you're reading this... *please* come back to me. Don't do the unthinkable. I couldn't live with myself... just let me make it better... I promise I can. 









 I'm about 6'4, and I've heard a few women say that they love it when men are as tall as I am. One even responded with "Fuck me now" when I told her how tall I am. I guess maybe I don't see it because I'm used to my height or because almost everyone in my family (and a lot of my friends) are tall. I dunno.

How much do you personally value height, ladies?

**EDIT:** Also, how tall is *too* tall? 




 It's a nice message, but it's not realistic. Humans cannot perfectly manipulate their own emotions and make themselves feel however they want. If they could, no one would ever be sad or angry for more than 2 seconds at a time.

It reminds me of when parents tell their kids they can be whatever they want when they grow up. You don't really mean it-- you just say it so that they'll have confidence to go after what they want. The difference is, we're not kids, so don't treat us like it. Please don't patronize us. 







































 I love it when Calvin is interacting with another character, and through the first three panels, Calvin is visibly upset while the other character continues to bug him. Then, in the last panel, Calvin just explodes with anger.

http://cdn.svcs.c2.uclick.com/c2/4224a582250b102d94d7001438c0f03b
 









 ... what's actually happening in Calvin's world in which Hobbes is a real tiger? It's been established that Calvin struggles to keep Hobbes' weight on his shoulders (usually when giving him a boost). So when other characters see Calvin with stuffed-animal Hobbes over his shoulder, is he actually carrying him? 









 I mean, we have the Patterson-Gimlin film in favor of Bigfoot, which still hasn't been completely debunked by science, whereas we have pretty much nothing visual for God or Jesus in that same regard. It seems that a lot more people believe in God than believe in Sasquatch, though.

I hope this post isn't breaking the rules-- just something I always thought about. 









 Somnophilia is a sexual fetish associated with extreme attraction to a partner who is sleeping or unconscious solely because of the fact that they *are* sleeping or unconscious. This is *not* a rape fetish-- taking a partner against his or her will has nothing to do with this.

I watch lots of sleep sex porn (it's the only porn that can keep my attention) and yes, I've fooled around with women as they sleep (with their prior consent).

Ask me anything. 




 Sports games implement sliders that allow you to tailor the game almost exactly to your liking, and as a result, give yourself a unique experience based on your skill level and style of play.

Shooters and action games only offer different difficulties (as far as I know). If they offered adjustable sliders, like:

* User/AI bullet damage

* User/AI melee damage

* User/AI accuracy

* User/AI speed

etc., I think that these types of games would be a more fun experience for a lot of people. 




 I have a Dell Precision M6400 with a 512MB NVIDIA Quadro FX 2700M. I think there's some sort of issue with the graphics card or the motherboard overheating-- I did some research but wasn't able to find anything definitive.

I had to buy a new charger after the original charger died, and the power brick on the new charger is way smaller than the original. It still fits in the laptop and charges it, but it takes forever to do so, and the laptop itself performs better when it's not plugged in. It never overheats while running on the battery, and I can actually watch 1080i videos without skipping.

I have a laptop cooler on which I constantly keep the laptop, but it still overheats randomly sometimes, but usually when I try to watch any video (it's like 50/50 as far as being able to watch a video without overheating).

When it overheats, it gets approximately as hot as the surface of the sun, and everything just kinda lags and the CPU Usage jumps to 100% and can stay there for minutes at a time. I've never had problems with the laptop shutting down due to overheating, however.

Any tips? 














 I learned that girls have two X chromosomes, and whenever I want to make sure I'm remembering that fact right, I think of this strip:

https://thecomicninja.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/calvin-and-hobbes-x-chromosomes.gif?w=640

Calvin and Hobbes also introduced me to the concept of being avant-garde. I also learned certain words like:

* Theology
* Atrophy
* Somnambulism
* Stupendous (hey, I was young) 




 I've had trouble sleeping for a long time (mostly because of depression and anxiety), so I normally use OTC sleep aids, but I'm short on cash now and didn't have time to buy anymore after running out.

As a result, I've slept for about three hours in the last day and a half. Help me snooze. 









 Somnophilia is a sexual fetish associated with arousal by a sleeping/unconscious partner because of the fact that they *are* asleep/unconscious.

How do you feel about this? Would a fetish of this nature turn you off? Do you know anyone who has it? Do you personally have it (probably a long shot)? Any questions for someone who does (i.e., me)? 




 I've been single for almost a year and a half, and I don't really go out much. I live alone, and it gets lonely here by myself. I'm kinda nerdy (as if that's not a given), and I've got a good, quirky sense of humor. I love talking about myself and my weird personality (but not in a conceited, all-about-me kinda way), and I love listening to others talk about themselves. I really enjoy meeting new people and learning more about them, and I'm not judgmental at all. I just like when people are willing to be themselves, since I'll do the same.

I don't drink or smoke, and stay in the house a lot, but I'm always up for trying new things. Even if you're not in my area (or even in my country), feel free to PM me. I'm down for anything from meetups to casual chats to harmless flirting and anything in between. 




 Xbox 360 w/60 GB hard drive
NBA 2K12 (very good condition)
Madden NFL 12 (very good condition)
Wireless controller w/charger

I've tried finding someone I know, or someone who knows someone I know, to buy it since I'll undoubtedly get more profit from a personal transaction, but no one's budging. What would GameStop give me for this? I'm guessing approximately peanuts. 














 I don't really go out, so I don't have any dressy clothes (my clothes are in good shape, just not very formal). No button-ups, no nice pants (just black jeans), etc. I wouldn't want to go to a club in a t-shirt and jeans... would I? I would say my tees are nice, but a button-up would be better, obviously. I'd buy some collared shirts and stuff if I could, but I'm broke as all hell.

I don't even know if I should go to a bar or a club. I've never been to one in my life and none of my friends will go with me. Maybe I should go somewhere else to meet women (I don't have a job right now and I'm not in school)?

What think, seddit? 




 I'm not going to pretend I'm some sort of sexual god-- I've just never had an orgasm. Everything else is fine. I get it up just fine, but I've never blown a load in my life (and I've some good, long-lasting sex/blow jobs/hand jobs/etc.).

I'm not necessarily asking for just sex or a FWB, but I have been feeling a little horny lately and I could use an outlet. I enjoy going down on women and using my mouth (and my tongue especially) in a lot of ways, so I won't ask you to do all the work. I also live by myself, so roommates/siblings/parents won't be an issue.

I'm a single black male, I stand about 6'3, and I've been told that I have "good hair" (it's curly and soft). I'm kinda slender with a sort of dark mocha complexion I guess. Around the same as Will Smith, I think.

Also, just in case people might not understand what I'm saying, I've never been with a man (I'm not gay, but I'm not homophobic, either). I just said "No woman" in the title to specify.

As I said, I definitely wouldn't mind an actual relationship, but I feel irresponsible if I didn't tell you I was feeling horny, and that's part of the reason I made this post.

Anyways, any ladies who want to see if they can be the first or are looking for a guy to spend time with in the Philadelphia area are free to send me a private message (or respond to this post if you want). 









 I've been terribly depressed for the last ten years, and I think I grew used to it eventually, so I never sought help when I could afford it. I've lost my most recent job since and have been applying for work over the last year and a half and have yet to be even considered by anyone. I have no money saved up and none coming in.

People have suggested to me that certain clinics will offer a sliding scale of payment based on your salary, but I have no salary.

How useful is 2-1-1? Would they be able to help someone in my position?

Any other suggestions? Thank you. 














 Let's say the FWB will be a 10/10, and the boy/girlfriend will be a 7. 




 I'm a 23-year-old male, and like I said, I haven't had any contact, let alone intimate contact, with a woman in a year and a half. I don't masturbate-- I never have, and I never feel a desire to. I get aroused sometimes, obviously, but I never feel the need to masturbate.

I was with my last girlfriend for about a year, and she couldn't make me ejaculate at all. She'd give me blow jobs and hand jobs, and I'd get erections, but I would never orgasm at all. During intercourse, I could make her cum, but not the inverse. I don't know if I don't like vagina or just didn't like hers. I haven't had sex with any other woman.

I've never felt an actual orgasm in my life, although I can say without a doubt that I've had wet dreams. How recently? I just woke up from one.

I thought everything I just described (i.e., no source of sexual release-- at least while awake) would lead to blue balls, but I don't think I have it. Is my body just compensating with the nocturnal emissions? Is living this way unhealthy (it doesn't really bother me at all)? I don't feel repressed sexually or anything. 









 I've had no luck at all even getting called in for any interviews-- the only times I did, I realized they were scams.

I have four years of work experience as an administrative assistant at the University of Pennsylvania, and I mostly apply to secretarial positions, but no one even considers hiring me. I use monster.com and Craigslist for the most part.

I've even gone to every place of business within about a mile of my house (no car), and they didn't get back to me. I've gone to my local mall... nothing.

Any advice? 

















































 Why were they willing to wipe out all life on a galactic scale to keep The Flood from spreading? What would have happened had The Flood been allowed to spread? 



















 You'd think it defines a person's entire being. 




 I use [this laptop cooler](http://archive.benchmarkreviews.com/index.php?option=com_content task=view id=688 Itemid=66 limit=1 limitstart=2), and it helps a little, but my laptop still get pretty hot to the touch (only on the speakers above the keyboard, which is where I assume the processors are). 

According to Core Temp (a program I use to monitor the processor temperatures, the highest I usually go is about 65-68° C. I don't think that's really gonna damage the computer, but I also use a couple of high-end programs (mostly for video editing), so keeping it cool would help a lot for that. Plus I just hate the feel of a hot laptop, especially in the summer.

I'm really strapped for cash so I can't buy much of anything to help. What can I do to at least mitigate this issue? 














 I can barely convert a 5-minute video file without my processor damn near hitting 90° C (it's Intel Duo Core if that matters). I'm scared my computer will burst into flames (hyperbole alert) if I try to convert a file that's one or two hours long

Any advice? 




 Since I spend 12 hours a day in a room with no light (I live by myself, in the basement of a two-story house), eat crappy food since I never have the energy or will to actually cook, never have friends over, and I go outdoors maybe once a week, only for 3-5 minutes at a time.  


Plus the fact that every day is pretty much just me doing anything I can to keep from going insane and make it until tomorrow without losing my shit. He said that sounds like the life of someone serving time.  

And I think he's right.  

Depression is a prison. 




 Instead of right clicking and going down to "Properties" (even though it's really just right click, up arrow, enter, but still).

Just discovered this accidentally. 









 It will automatically add it to your reply in quote format.  
Please be nice if I'm retarded and everyone already knows this. 




 The people in the rodeo aren't a threat to the bull, and the bulls aren't attacking people for food, are they?

Also, how do they keep the bulls so docile before they're released? 




 Prove to yourself, that is. 





























 I use a PC, not sure if this is an issue with Macs.


Just wait until I press Enter, you piece of trash! 




 To start, my laptop is a Dell Precision M6400 workstation. It's pretty powerful compared to the average laptop, so I expected a little bit of overheating here and there, but it's really bad now, even with my CM Storm laptop cooler.

I recently replaced my charger and battery (thanks to help from r/techsupport), after I had been using a lower wattage AC adapter for a while (because the original one died). The replacement adapter was only 90W where as the new one I just purchased (and the original) were 210.

When I was using the 90W adapter, the computer didn't overheat as much as it is now, which, ironically, is the reason I bought the new charger to begin with. I thought the stronger adapter would lessen the overheating, but it's actually gotten worse.

I haven't been doing much. Using the internet with 4-6 tabs open, no embedded videos (like YouTube and the like), no high-end programs idling in the background. Usually only Notepad, Windows Explorer, internet browser, AIM, YIM, Task Manager, and uTorrent are open at one time. Sometimes iTunes as well, and the CPU usage is consistently remaining extremely low (low single-digits). Despite this, the 
laptop is hot to the touch (on the speakers, which are located [above the keyboard](http://www.blogcdn.com/www.engadget.com/media/2008/09/m6400-precision-dell.jpg)). I've also got 99.9 GB free on my C drive and 49 free on my E drive (capacity 465 GB individually). 

[Here are my specs](http://3image.com/images/2013/06/30/Spec.png).

How can I keep my laptop from overheating?

Thanks. 














 I use either a program called "Any Video Converter," or "4Videosoft MKV Video Converter."

The converted file (usually to MP4, so I can watch it on my Xbox 360-- usually being converted from MKV or AVI) always ends up way bigger than the original file. Is it the program? Is it the video types? 














 Why don't Calvin and Hobbes just alternate between making up rules that contradict the most recent rule made up by the other? How does anyone ever win? 




 http://www.blogcdn.com/www.engadget.com/media/2008/09/m6400-precision-dell.jpg

I'm having a problem finding an AC adapter, though. This one:

http://www.discountelectronics.com/product?product_id=6631 product_model=302

Is the one listed under "Dell Precision 6400." However...

http://www.discountelectronics.com/product?product_id=4505 product_model=315

This one looks exactly like the one the laptop came with, and the first one is definitely not the one the laptop came with.

What do I do?

**NOTE:** I posted this last night, but got no responses. I apologize if re-posting so soon is against the rules, but I need this fixed as soon as possible. 









 http://www.blogcdn.com/www.engadget.com/media/2008/09/m6400-precision-dell.jpg

I'm having a problem finding an AC adapter, though. This one:

http://www.discountelectronics.com/product?product_id=6631 product_model=302

Is the one listed under "Dell Precision 6400." However...

http://www.discountelectronics.com/product?product_id=4505 product_model=315

This one looks exactly like the one the laptop came with, and the first one is definitely not the one the laptop came with.

What do I do? 
























 Anyone who's taken it/is taking it, how did it affect you? 







































 What do these options, found under Power Options -- Advanced Settings -- Processor Power Management, mean? I tried Googling it, but I had a hard time understanding how people were explaining it since I now next to nothing about advanced computer hardware.

Could someone possibly put it in layman's terms for me? 














 Obviously, being a major secret means you probably don't know the true story, so most responses will probably be in the form of "The real reason _______ happened," or "What really happened at __________." 




 And when I say it "goes out," I don't mean that my modem/router doesn't pick up a connection. It still does, and I'll stay connected to my wireless network on my laptop, but web sites won't load. However, if I have something running that runs perpetually and doesn't have to be reloaded (like Xbox Live, instant messenger programs, torrents, etc.), they will stay connected to the internet (i.e., torrents will still download, I can still send/receive IMs, can still play games online, etc.).

When this happens, nothing on my router/modem changes. All the lights are lit, and it shows that I'm connected to the internet.

Does anyone know why this might be happening and how I can fix it? 




 How can you owe this amount, and all of a sudden you owe less?

Sorry if this sounds stupid; I know next to nothing about finances. 









 And when I say it "goes out," I don't mean that my modem/router doesn't pick up a connection. It still does, and I'll stay connected to my wireless network on my laptop, but web sites won't load. However, if I have something running that runs perpetually and doesn't have to be reloaded (like Xbox Live, instant messenger programs, torrents, etc.), that will stay connected to the internet (i.e., torrents will still download, I can still send/receive IMs).

When this happens, nothing on my router/modem changes. All the lights are lit, and it shows that I'm connected to the internet.

Does anyone know why this might be happening and how I can fix it? 




 I can already stream music that's on my laptop, and listen to it on my 360. How would I go about doing the same with video?

Thanks in advance. 




 When I use VLC media player to play the .m2ts/.ts files I have on my computer, it just shows "00:00" no matter how long the video is. I also can't skip back and forth through the video with the "Forward/backwards five/ten seconds" commands. It doesn't do this with any other video format.

Is there any way to fix this? The files I have are very big (1 GB at the smallest), so I want to avoid having to convert them to another video format if possible.

Thanks. 









 I use the term "herp-derp" in the title because, like always, I try to use humor to heal the situation, but it is serious.

The only way I can describe it is this: I feel sadness and depression like everyone (I've been really depressed for about ten years, but that's not the most important part), but... when I feel (or SHOULD feel) happiness, it doesn't feel like happiness. It feels like a different type of sadness. Stronger and more pronounced. Like I'm going to cry, but I **know** it's not from being saddened or depressed.

I feel this when things in my life are going perfect and couldn't be better. Right now is a good example. I just came into some money, I may have finally gotten some anti-depressants that work, and I have literally nothing in my life to worry about.

So why do I feel like sobbing? Why does this happen EVERY TIME that I should be jumping for joy and grinning ear-to-ear? Is this normal? Is there something wrong with my brain that triggers a "sadness" reaction to a "happiness" stimuli? Can this be fixed?  









 Lol

Like that. 
























 I have a couple of hobbies that I really enjoy, which are video games and video editing. Right now, I have nothing to do for the rest of the night, and instead of indulging myself in either of these activities, I can't find the will to do much other than pace back and forth across the room or sit on the edge of my bed literally doing nothing else.

Sucks. 



















 EDIT: Or really, any type of numerical or letter label that isn't what it appears. For example, different mediums have given varying representations of the "S" on Superman's chest. In the 1978 movie, it's described as the coat of arms of the House of El. 












































 I've been trying to wrap my head around this concept for a long time, and I got nothin.

Help me out. 




 Nature generally does its best to give a species good reason to continue reproducing, right? That's why sex feels so good, why we're attracted to certain people, etc.

If that's the case, why is childbirth so painful for women? Isn't that completely counterintuitive to what nature usually dictates? It could essentially be a logical reason for women to NOT want to give birth-- nature usually makes sure to, at the very least, not give someone a reason to not reproduce. 





























 Apparently, the word "Theory" is closer to the typical use of the word "Law" than "Theory." 














 Me: Squidward. Monotone voice, little tolerance for people acting silly for no reason (i.e., SpongeBobs), constant -_- facial expression

What about you? 




 I'll focus on the [Patterson-Gimlin film](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOxuRIfFs0w) a little bit, plus some basic zoology. If I'm wrong about anything, or you disagree with something ambiguous, feel free to say so. I don't necessarily believe everything I list below-- I'm just taking what I've heard and throwing it out there for you guys to go after in any way you see fit.

For:

* The alleged suit used in the P-G film has never turned up, even after 45 some odd years
* Many men have claimed to be "the guy in the suit," and their stories all contradict one another (although honestly, fake or not, this might be expected)
* In the P-G film, the alleged creatures has arms nearly as long as its legs, completely unlike a human, even one in a suit
* Some claim that if you look closely at the forehead, you can see the crest moving up and down, which would be indicative of muscles and skin, not rubber
* Some claim that Roger Patterson and Bob Gimlin simply did not have the resources to pull off such a massive, long-lasting hoax
* Some claim that the alleged creature seen in the P-G film walks in such a way that would be almost impossible for a human in a suit to replicate

Against:

* A minimal breeding population of large primates would have to number in the thousands, and if that's the case, there's very little chance that they could escape detection, especially for this long
* Primates do not swing their arms when they walk like in the P-G film
* There is no fossil evidence of anything that would fit the description of what we know as Bigfoot or Sasquatch
* Bodies are never found, nor is fecal matter
* Nests, colonies, etc. are also never seen or discovered
* Apes do not hibernate during cold winters, and as a result, it would be nearly impossible for a Bigfoot to survive an entire northwestern United States winter 




 How do you all feel about it? Fake? Real? A guy in a suit?

I've seen cases made for both sides, and I wanna hear what the members of this subreddit have to say on the subject. 














 But it's not why you think. Well, it might be.

I used to be the type of guy who would talk to random good-looking women in public at the drop of a hat. You know "Hey, how you doing?", make small talk, attempt to get phone number. I was almost always woefully unsuccessful, but I generally didn't get discouraged.

Anyways, eventually, I realized that I had to draw the line at some point. So the fact that I had very little success, plus the fact that I know I'd make a shitty boyfriend anyway, made me decide to stop coming onto women at all.

Anyways, I was walking home from the store today, and I saw a cute chick. She wasn't super hot or anything, but she'd have been worth talking to if I didn't have my personal decision not to do so. We were both standing at the corner, trying to cross a busy intersection, but the traffic took a while to slow down enough for us to get across the street.

Of course, me being stupid, I couldn't help myself.

I said "This intersection could use another stop sign, couldn't it?" and smiled slightly. I don't know why I said it, but I do know that I had absolutely no desire to try and sweet-talk her.

But nobody told my brain, apparently. Because at that point, she agreed and laughed, at which point we were both able to cross the street. I walked back the way I was going and didn't pay her any attention, but I felt sick to my stomach that I didn't take the opportunity to hit on her. This was over an hour ago, and I still feel like crap.

tl;dr- [This](http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3rbso0/) is what happens if I interact in any way with any attractive woman ever.

Fuck you, scumbag brain.

**EDIT:** Well, at least I can use this situation to confirm that I'm definitely forever alone. It's good to know.

You're okay, scumbag brain. 




 These videos are clips that I've recorded from my television with a capture device.

Not only am I a little (read: a lot) over my head with the sheer number of files I've recorded, but they also are all in 1080i high definition. My computer isn't built to play that type of video smoothly, so watching them at all is a chore and it's almost impossible to do so without significant skipping.

Does anyone have any advice for how I should go about this?

Thanks. 



















 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somnophilia

Ask me anything that you can think of about this. Nothing's off limits. 



















 I live in the Philadelphia area and just want a psychiatric assessment and medical diagnosis. I don't need therapy or counseling or anything.

I tried using Google, but I couldn't find anything. Maybe someone who's more experienced with this can help. 









 For example, a police officer. Say a cop pulled over a woman because her car matches the description of a vehicle they're looking for. Turns out, wrong car.

The cop flirts with the woman and gives her his phone number (not taking forever to do, so that he can get back to patrolling), all while being recorded on the dash cam. Would he be reprimanded? 














 Plus, I got a good laugh from the doctor after the procedure. I told him I understand why they say you shouldn't drive, but I feel like I could walk home or take a bus. He responds, "Well, some people get drunk and think they can beat up Mike Tyson. That's how you sound right now."

I couldn't help but laugh out loud. 









 I've never blacked out for any reason, and my last girlfriend used to black out randomly... it sort of piqued my interest, because she'd always be able to tell me right before it happens.

Educate me, Reddit. 




 I mean the type of depression where you rarely feel any semblance of happiness. How does it feel to be "cured"? What's it like? 














 Apparently, one can be arrested for animal cruelty if he/she cooks or attempts to cook a cat or dog, but not other animals such as lobsters.

What's the difference? Am I missing something? 




 I have this constant paranoia that something strange happening means I'm coming down with dementia or psychosis. 




 I'm no psychopharmacologist or anyone who'd be considered halfway knowledgeable in this field.

I have to take over-the-counter sleep aids for my insomnia (which I haven't been "officially" diagnosed with-- I just know I have trouble sleeping without sedatives), and I have been doing so regularly for at least two years.

The maximum recommended dosage of diphenhydramine HCL (the main active ingredient) is 50 MG. I took 100 MG all at once about two hours ago (my body's built up a tolerance). I feel slightly sleepy.

I don't want to keep doing this because I feel like it could become dangerous (although I haven't started hallucinating yet, which I understand is the main side effect of an overdose).

If I get treated successfully for depression, will my insomnia wear off too, if it's a result of depression? 



















 There have been certain times where my success rate increased/decreased in a certain environment (or maybe based on some other deviation).

Ask me anything. 









 I'm speaking of Batman: Arkham Asylum and Batman: Arkham City.

The combat system I mentioned is how the game engine allows you to dodge and counter enemy attacks in real time with specific animations for doing so, as opposed to having generic "Block" and/or "Roll" options.

Which next-gen games have combat systems like this?

Thanks. 




 For example, I wear jeans like lots of people do, but I only wear black jeans. 














 Background info:

I'm not a virgin, although I have only had sex with one woman (multiple times). I think she wasn't very good, because I didn't feel anything at all whenever we had intercourse.

She gave very good oral, but no matter how close I was to the point of orgasm/ejaculation, I could never cross the threshold so to speak. I never came. Not once.

As for the title, yes, I specified "while awake" since I have frequent wet dreams.

I also don't masturbate, but I get aroused and horny like one would expect. I watch sleep fetish porn (I have somnophilia-- a fetish for sleeping/unconscious women).

I found some really good material tonight after I started to look for more since I couldn't sleep (that's gotta be ironic somehow). While I was watching, I was getting closer to the point of orgasm than I usually get while watching porn, but I still didn't think I'd cum.

Then, all of a sudden, it happened. It was (obviously) a feeling I'd never experienced before, and it caught me off guard. I was basically going O_O the whole time.

Ask me anything. 




 Background info:

I'm not a virgin, although I have only had sex with one woman (multiple times). I think she wasn't very good, because I didn't feel anything at all whenever we had intercourse.

She gave very good oral, but no matter how close I was to the point of orgasm/ejaculation, I could never cross the threshold so to speak. I never came. Not once.

As for the title, yes, I specified "while awake" since I have frequent wet dreams.

I also don't masturbate, but I get aroused and horny like one would expect. I watch sleep fetish porn (I have somnophilia-- a fetish for sleeping/unconscious women).

I found some really good material tonight after I started to look for more since I couldn't sleep (that's gotta be ironic somehow). While I was watching, I was getting closer to the point of orgasm than I usually get while watching porn, but I still didn't think I'd cum.

Then, all of a sudden, it happened. It was (obviously) a feeling I'd never experienced before, and it caught me off guard. I was basically going O_O the whole time.

Ask me anything. 




 I know Watterson has said that he doesn't think of Hobbes as either a doll who comes to life when only Calvin is around, nor a stuffed animal who's only real from Calvin's perspective. But I see evidence that, in my opinion, **Hobbes is a stuffed animal whose personality, in the sense of Calvin's imagination, represents Calvin's moral, rational, conservative side**. I'll explain why below.

Throughout the entire Calvin And Hobbes series, Hobbes doesn't once address Calvin's parents. This is because Calvin, essentially (according to my theory, which I'm by no means citing as fact), is both Calvin AND Hobbes. He can't talk to his parents as "Hobbes" because he's too busy being "Calvin."

Speaking of Hobbes interacting with people other than Calvin... not even Calvin's **duplicates** acknowledge Hobbes' existence. You would think that if Hobbes was a real tiger in any way, shape or form, Calvin's clones would be able to talk to him and view him as a real tiger.

Also consider this-- whenever (even though it rarely happens) we see Hobbes writing, his handwriting is eerily similar to Calvin's. This is what first tipped me off that "Real tiger" Hobbes and Calvin are basically the same person.

Hobbes also disagrees with a lot of Calvin's plans, but goes along with them anyway. Hobbes actually likes girls, unlike Calvin, but yet he's still the First Tiger and "El Presidente" of GROSS. Many fans have speculated that Calvin secretly has a crush on Susie-- perhaps he expresses this through Hobbes.

Some might argue, "Don't you remember how Calvin said that Hobbes can climb to the tree fort where they hold their GROSS meetings, and Calvin himself can't?" This is a good point. As silly as it sounds, I honestly think Calvin just throws Hobbes up into the fort, which would explain how he can reach the fort "without climbing." When we [actually see](http://www.gocomics.com/calvinandhobbes/1987/07/26) Hobbes attempt to climb a tree, he's unable to.

Hobbes also shares many of Calvin's opinions and "knowledge," despite the two being so different on the surface. Hobbes helps Calvin cheat in class at least once (despite Hobbes being morally upstanding for the most part), he does his homework and gets the answers just as wrong as Calvin, if not worse (once answering "Atlanta, Georgia" to a subtraction problem), and he believes in Santa Claus.

You'll also notice that Hobbes almost NEVER refers to Calvin by name. Everyone else in the strip does-- Susie, Mom, Dad, Miss Wormwood, Moe, even the principal of Calvin's school. But not Hobbes. Because why would Calvin refer to himself by name? Calvin, however, *does* refer to Hobbes by name on a regular basis.

Like I said, I know a lot of people might feel like I'm "devaluing" the strip by formulating and writing up this theory, and you're certainly entitled to that opinion. But I'd ask that you don't drag this post down by making excessively negative comments.

Thank you. 




 I also am not a virgin, and I have frequent wet dreams (they don't even have to be sex dreams when my body decides to unload while I'm sleeping).

I feel the need to make one of these every time my body reminds me how strange I am by making me wake up wet and sticky.

Ask away. Nothing's off limits. 



















 My friend just told me that an attractive woman was working at the store across the street from my house. I had to loan my Debit card to my dad (long story), so I only had three bucks in cash. I needed bread anyway, so I figured I'd buy a loaf and make a move while I paid for it. In, out, easy.

I get to the store, find out that they're $3.39 each (but also buy one, get one free, so eh). After asking the attractive girl in question and realizing I didn't have enough cash, I had to go back to the house and grab 50 cents in quarters.

I figured it was okay, though. She held on to the loaf of bread, so now I have an excuse to get in her line as opposed to another one. I grab another loaf of bread and wait in her line.

Then one of her co-workers opens another line. I offer to let the person in front of me go first so that I could stay in the line I was in, but he had a full cart and I only had one loaf of bread. Then I tried to use the "But [attractive girl] has my other loaf of bread. She's holding it hostage," and gave a forced laugh.

Her co-worker, totally oblivious to what I was trying to do (understandably-- she had no way to know), cheerfully said "Oh, that's okay!" and took the first loaf of bread from the girl I had gone to talk to. So now I was stuck in this new line, and had to leave the store without even coming close to making a move, AND I looked kinda stupid/poor/both for not having more than three dollars in cash on me.

**tl;dr-** Went to store across the street to talk to hot chick and buy bread. Didn't have enough for bread. Had to go back home to get more. She ended up not even ringing me up. 



















 Possibly misattributed, but a good quote nonetheless in my opinion. 
























 Is this indicative of how ancient man perceived right-handedness as "normal" and left-handedness as uncouth? 




 I watch sleep fetish porn (i.e., porn with "sleeping" girls being fucked), and in at least half of the videos I've seen, the guy tricks the girl into taking sleeping pills, which promptly knock her completely unconscious within about 3 minutes.

I take sleep aids every night for insomnia, and not only do they not put you in a state of complete blackout to the point that a man can ravage you sexually without you awakening, but they take at least a half hour before you even START to feel anything. 














 I went to the store and noticed an attractive young lady working the cash register. I smiled at her, made small talk, and paid for my items. As I was leaving, I doubled back and asked if I could take her out for coffee. She smiled and said yes, but seemed hesitant. 

I told her that she didn't sound as if she was sure of her answer. Then, sort of randomly, she said "This is kind of inappropriate..." I asked her how so. She quickly changed the subject and said "I don't even like coffee!"

I calmly told her that she didn't have to actually get coffee if we went out. At this point, she said "Sure, we can go to Starbucks one day." Almost as if she was trying to get rid of me. But she said yes, so I asked for her phone number. She asked me to get it from one of my friends who had been in the store with me, but who had left before I doubled back to talk to her.

I could tell something was wrong, so I just told her I'd come back later. 

My friend was waiting outside, and he said he'd hook me up.

Sure enough, later that night, he came by later, along with her and a couple other people. We hung out for a little while and played cards, but eventually, me and the girl got in an argument because she said something about her boyfriend. I took exception because I felt that she was wrong for saying yes to me when I asked her out if she's with someone.

She claimed that she "liked my approach" so much that she just instinctively agreed to go out with me. I was confused and a little annoyed, because I felt like if you're with someone, you don't just forget that you have a boy/girlfriend. You just say "No thank you, I'm in a relationship right now."

I felt like I was being led on unfairly.

What think, Reddit? 









 This is the first time in an extremely long time that I've ever felt un-depressed for a long period of time. I had five friends over-- nothing huge. It wasn't a giant party or anything. But they smoked and drank (I did neither-- you can have fun without those things), we played cards for a little while... hell, me and one of the girls got in a little bit of an argument, but by the end of night, we hugged and made up (at her request, even).

Anyways, through all my rambling, the point is that I had fun. I'm not a social person. I would never call myself that and neither would anyone who knows me. Being alone is usually the only time I can say I'm close to being happy, and I think that this probably applies to a lot of people here. 

What I'm saying is that you might, just might, have a good time if you hang out with the right people. If you don't like to have jokes played on you or to be ribbed/talked about by your friends, even in a sort of friendly way, don't put yourself around those types of people.

Find guys (or girls, or both) that you get along well with and who won't start any problems. People that will be mellow and won't ruin your good time. People who will make sure you're enjoying yourself and not let you stay depressed.

tl;dr- Socialize with the right people. There's a good chance that you'll enjoy yourself, and you won't feel depressed. 









 She's constantly nice to Calvin, she wants to spend time with him and lets him in her house even though he almost always treats her like crap.

I can't believe I didn't realize this sooner. 




 The only thing I can remember is a huge blizzard we had in Philadelphia in the early 90s I think. 36 or so inches of snow.

I didn't care because I stayed in the house all day anyway. 




 I listen to mostly rap music. I live in "the hood." I know people who sell drugs (and I know a little about the drug game). I've stared down the wrong end of a revolver and was once the owner of a shotgun (although I never had to so much as load it).

And I'm also a huge internet nerd. Ask me stuff. 




 What is it about the look-- the glasses, the professional attire-- that satisfies so many men? 




 http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/Homophone?s=t

*a word pronounced the same as another but differing in meaning, whether spelled the same way or not, as heir and air.*

* Lichen/liken
* Undue/undo 









 My first "girlfriend" (although she'd probably say otherwise since the relationship was so short) once saw a good-looking girl around my age working the register while we were shopping for clothes. The girl I was with knew that I have no qualms about making small talk with hot women in public, so we had this doozy of a conversation:

* Her: Don't talk to that cashier when we get to the counter.
* Me: And what if I do?
* Her: Then I might have to cut her eyes out.
* Me: O_O...

So of course, when we got to the front, I talked to her anyway. I didn't flirt-- I was just making small talk. "Hey, how are you," that sort of thing. I even made her laugh when I remarked about Mondays being terrible or something or another.

Anyway, the girl I was with leaned up and whispered in my ear, harshly, "What did I tell you?"

I didn't say anything. I was laughing hard on the inside, though. Then I decided to give her a test, since I knew she wasn't one for public displays of affection:

* Me: Put your arm around me.
* Her: ... no.
* Me: Do it, or I'm gonna start talking to her again.

At this point, she put a death grip on my arm that I will never forget. I was shocked, amazed and flattered at the same time.

I also knew I had to break it off with this crazy bitch. 
























 My roommate is on the phone right now with some girl, talking about "taking care of her" because apparently she's sick or something. So far, he's lied about his age, height, and relationship status (he has a "girlfriend" who he cheats on regularly).

I think if I wasn't making this post, I would have leapt up and screamed "SHUT THE FUCK UP!" by now.

If I'm on a diet (especially an unwilling one), don't eat sweets around me. 




 I was in math class about 6 or 7 years ago (I was around 16), and I sat behind a girl I really, really liked. She was very pretty, but she was actually a grade ahead of me, so I was even more scared to talk to her than usual. One day after the bell rang, she started talking to one of my (few) friends, and when the girl I liked looked at me, I knew my friend had told her I liked her.

She walked over to me, and of course, my heart was ready to leap out of my chest. She asked me with a smile, "Do you really want to ask me out?"

I said, "Yeah, but you'd never go on a date with me..."

She responded, "How do you know if you don't ask?", still smiling.

I hesitated, looked into her eyes, and sighed. "Would you like to go out with me?"

She continued to smile and simply said, "I'd love to."

I melted. 














 I've signed up for FetLife and joined this group:

https://fetlife.com/groups/6837

But I figure the more communities I find, the better my chances of finding a woman with whom to fulfill this fetish. 




 I can't find anything on the site itself (or the Wiki page-- I am very new to the site in all fairness, however).

Has anyone met someone on FetLife, or know someone who's done so?

Thanks. 









 My doctor prescribed me a brand of anti-depressants about two months ago. The first few doses were small, so my body could acclimate gradually. Taking it for the first time made me feel high (in a psychoactive way, not in a "The opposite of low, I'm super happy" way). Didn't make me feel "un-depressed," though.

As my system got used to the effects, they lessened until I stopped feeling anything from them at all. I was still depressed, even taking doses that were four times larger than when I started (40 MG compared to 10 at the beginning).

I stopped taking them cold turkey about a week ago because I couldn't afford to pay for them anymore. I feel no different now than I did while I was taking them, nor compared to before I first took them.

I'm looking into counseling, which could lead to better treatment, but I've been depressed for like 10 years. I'm convinced it's too late for me, so I shouldn't even bother.

Thoughts? 









 A representative just came to my door, gave me a gift basket, paid me a $20 "incentive," and bought me and my roommate pizza for participating. Everything seemed absolutely legit-- he left plenty of paperwork explaining everything, a business card, didn't make us pay anything or ask for personal information like a social security number.

Ask me anything. 




 I find myself having to create the same post multiple times if I want more feedback on it. This would avoid that, especially since doing so sometimes gets you bombarded with "REPOST" comments. 







































 This is easier. Besides, I have a 65" rear projection television that isn't going anywhere any time soon.

Go ahead, make fun of me for not having a flatscreen. 




 Wouldn't the Dayman be better? He's a master of karate and friendship. 




 Tried it. 




 .... dude. Give me some useful advice or GTFO.

Everyone knows you can't trust a pilgrim. He'll just steal all my land. 




 He's somewhere in the far corner of the basement, near the back of the house. The only way I could get anything into the area between the   basement ceiling and the floor is a vent on the first floor, which isn't near where he is, or a small opening on the opposite side of the basement.

There aren't any openings or vents or anything in or near where this little bastard is camping out. I don't wanna just spray that area and he responds like "Bitch, please." 




 It's the only room that doesn't let in sunlight during the day. I hate light. 




 I don't own any :-( 




 I live alone in a two story house. My bedroom is in the basement, and Jiminy Cricket appears to be between the basement ceiling and the first-story floor.

There's no way I can get up there to track him down, and if he chirps one more time, I'm gonna burn this goddamn house to the ground.

Any tips?

Thanks. 




 I *still* don't know what the actual Morpheus quote is that his meme is based on. 




 I have a shit-load of video files in my Vuze's Xbox 360 library, and I want to be able to separate them within Vuze. Maybe create folders to put them in. Is that possible? 




 What was the actual quote from the movie that was misconstrued in the making of this meme? 




  -Cliche question, but is your dad confidence/brave enough to pull up to a street ball game in the hood and wager to win?

I assume you mean during his time as a pro athlete? 




 Very good question. I'm eager to hear his answer to this one.

Keep em coming, guys. These questions are really intriguing. 




 Amongst players, or people in general? 




 Just NBA, or NBA, NCAA, on the streets, etc.? 




 In the next couple of days at the very least. I hope that's not too late. If so, I guess I can re-post this. 




 That's gonna be a fun one. Can't wait to ask him that the next time I see him. 




 Could you elaborate more? Do you mean as in when he started playing seriously and developing his skills, or just when he started shooting around on milk crates as a pre-teen? 




 _____________

Maybe I should have titled this "AMAA." 




 Backstory if you want:

From Philadelphia, played for the Boston Celtics for only one year before a knee injury. Wasn't as good after his knee was repaired, so he played overseas (mostly in Argentina) for roughly 10 years.

Went to Rutgers Camden in New Jersey, shattered pretty much every basketball record that ever existed there, and is the only player alumus to be drafted by the NBA.

He's about 6'5, I (24M) go about 6'4, and he's about to turn 60. Why this seemingly random information? To let you know that despite being damn near three times my age... I can't beat him one-on-one. He plays every day at the crack of dawn and has the best jump shot I've ever seen in person. If you've never seen an NBA player just shoot around casually (even way past his prime), it's absolutely amazing. They're pretty much superhumans compared to us, even guys like my dad who weren't superstars.

So go ahead. AMA!

**EDIT:** A minor caveat. I did say "AMA," but there are some questions that he might not be willing to answer, so if that's the case, I'll just tell the person who asked.

Basically, I'm saying all questions are fair game, but I can't guarantee he'll answer them all. 




 Ah, okay.

Thanks again. 




 What do you mean? 




 Thanks for the hasty response.

If I take in the actual cooler, do you think they'd be able to match up an adapter for it? 




 I am broke as all hell and can't shell out the money for a can of compressed air. I've even asked people I know if they have one I can borrow, and no dice.

Is this safe or no?

Thanks, guys. 




 I don't know if you even remember this message, but I was looking into 12vdc cables to replace the one on my [laptop cooler](http://www.amazon.com/Gaming-Laptop-Cooling-Turbine-SGA-4000-KKNF1/dp/B004G603E2) that shorted out, like you had recommended.

Did a quick [Google search](https://www.google.com/search?q=12vdc ie=utf-8 oe=utf-8 aq=t rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official client=firefox-a channel=fflb) and a whole bunch of stuff came up. Will any cord work? If not, how do I make sure I get the right one?

Thanks. 




  Are all the files contained within a single folder or are you trying to identify duplicates across multiple folders?

Many, many folders (hundreds), across two internal hard drives.

 Are you considering all traits of a file when identifying duplicates? Ie. if you have two documents which are identacle in every way except the filename of one is Document.docx and the other is Document (1).docx, are they still considered duplicates?

The program I use, Digital Volcano's Duplicate Cleaner, can search for:

* Same file name
* Same content
* Same artist/title/album (audio)
* Same size
* Same created date
* Same modified date

 What duplicate-finder programs have you already tried which seem to be so slow?

See above.

**EDIT:** For what it's worth, I wouldn't mind doing this in segments as opposed to all at once. I know I can break it down and tell the program to only check for duplicates in such-and-such a folder, or time period, or file size, etc., but that might exclude files that aren't in the search parameters that actually are duplicates. 




 Most duplicate-finder programs take an extremely long time to scan all of my files (which is understandable, since I have so many). Is there any way or any program that's made to find duplicate files on large hard drives in an efficient manner?

Thanks. 




 Sorry if this seems like a silly question to people with more knowledge than I have, but I just don't get it. 




 Yeah, that's fine. No rush.

Thanks. 




 Will you be on in a few hours? I might not be able to test this right now. 




 Ah, I gotcha. [Here's what I got under "Show Statistics."](http://4.imgland.net/IKGUct.png) 




  I would try OpenDNS' IPs just to check (208.67.222.222; 208.67.220.220), and maybe remove the IPv6 DNS settings.

So I should set those IP addresses under my IPv4? And how exactly do I remove the IPv6 DNS? Just choose "Obtain DNS server address automatically"?

 Also, are those settings in your router what Comcast told you to use? I would use (Get dynamically from ISP) unless told otherwise.

I changed it to static in an attempt to [fix a problem I had connecting to online games over Xbox Live.](http://www.pcworld.com/article/242961/how_to_open_up_nat_settings_on_your_xbox_360.html) But I still had the problem in the OP before changing it.

 EDIT: Also, just a minor niggle, probably nothing: Set DNS through EITHER the computer's or the router's settings (preferably the latter).

If I do it through the router, should I just leave everything under "Network and Sharing" (on my laptop) at default or "Obtain automatically from ISP" or whatever? 




 You mean as in, if I had my laptop connected directly to the modem? I haven't tried that, but will do if nothing else works. 




 * [LAN](http://4.imgland.net/E5ddl5.png)
* [WAN](http://4.imgland.net/JTRijW.png)
* [Router status](http://4.imgland.net/mF6jax.png)

I wasn't sure exactly where to go, so I figured I'd just give these a shot. Hopefully one of them is right. If not, would you mind telling me exactly where to find the connection info you referred to? 




 Should I post a cap of my proxy settings? 




 First, initial basics-- Comcast provides my internet, and I use the internet on my laptop with a wireless connection via router.

The router and modem are no more than ten feet away from my laptop at all times, which (I believe) eliminates the possibility of a weak signal (plus the fact that whenever I check the properties of my connection, the signal strength is maxed out).

This also allows me to constantly monitor the status of my connection by looking at the router/modem-- whenever my internet stops working, everything is the same as when it is working. Connection lights are lit, all status lights are green and not blinking, etc. The "wireless connection" logo in the bottom right-hand corner of my screen also stays the same (no yellow triangle with the ! inside).

To specify what I mean when I say my internet "goes out": At random times during the day (I have yet to figure out any type of pattern), web pages won't load, and internet-based programs/devices (instant messenger, torrents, Xbox Live, etc.) will not connect to the internet. However, if any of those programs are *already* running when the internet goes out, they'll continue working; but if I close the program and tried to start it back up during the down time, it won't work. Hope I explained that well. Pretty much, anything that runs perpetually and doesn't have to be reloaded (unlike websites) will continue to work even during this down time.

I attempted to change my IP addresses with [Google DNS](https://developers.google.com/speed/public-dns/docs/using#setup). Here are some screencaps of my settings:

* [IPv4 settings](http://2.imgland.net/a97T--.png)
* [IPv6 settings](http://2.imgland.net/sje9LH.png)
* [Connection details](http://2.imgland.net/0p-n45.png)
* [Connection status](http://2.imgland.net/I5Dvl0.png)
* [Basic settings (via router interface page)](http://3.imgland.net/f3F5a0.png)

Any help would be appreciated. If you need any more info, feel free to let me know if I left something out. 




 I think Insanity Wolf saw this and pissed himself. 




 Okay. 'Murica?

I thought that maybe there's some kind of official process that the majority of the world uses. 









 I have videos (MKV and M2TS, mostly) that are anywhere from 1-3 gigs in size, and I need to convert them to MP4 (or AVI, I think) format so I can stream them to my Xbox 360. I used this program at the behest of a user on this subreddit, and it worked much better than software I had used in the past. It generally takes no longer than 10 minutes to convert (since it doesn't reconvert or transcode if it's in H264 already) despite the fact that most of my files are at least an hour long.

MkvtoMp4 converts M2TS files fine-- no issues with the sync of the audio and video. Converting MKV files, however, is a different story entirely. Every time, the audio is always about two seconds ahead of the video. I've tried changing certain settings, but nothing has worked so far. I've used search engines to troubleshoot, but haven't had any success.

Does anyone know a possible solution, or perhaps an alternative piece of software?

Thanks. 




 All while pretending that if you don't do everything in time, the refrigerator door will slice your arm off, right? 




 If you open it less than halfway, my refrigerator door closes slowly, like gravity is pulling it.

But now that you mention it, I do not how it does that o_o 




 If not, I'm a weirdo, and I can live with that. 




 This thread didn't go as well as I'd hoped... 




 Store owner: Go away! Stop holding door! You let flies in! 




 How are there over 1,000 people who felt such disapproval with this thread that they couldn't even ignore it and go on with their day, and instead took time out of their browsing to actually downvote the submission? 




  You can't do it externally; you can't set some kind of option to control the pace of the game, but the pace can change over time.

Yeah, I didn't mean like that. I just meant, for example, if someone's rushing you constantly, you can use counters and/or powerful attacks to keep distance between yourself and your opponent and make them play at your pace. 




 "Damn, bitch. That's a shitty tattoo."

"It's a picture of Jesus."

"... fuck." 




 Yeah, but most fighting games generally have a constant pace that it's "supposed" to be played at, right? Like, you can't turn a match into a slow, methodical, systematic fight, or a fast-paced, offense-oriented, depending on what you're good at/what you prefer.

Can you? 




 Now, is he saying he'd encase the immortal in an ocean of concrete, or that he'd give him/her/it the cliche "cement shoes in the ocean" treatment?

And what would stop the immortal from dragging you down with it? You'll drown eventually. The immortal won't. 




 Maybe I'm kind of weird, too picky, or whatever, but I've always loved this in any type of competitive game, but mostly fighters.

Games with matches against one-on-one opponents, where you can take your time, play defense when you need/want to (by using an opponent's moves against them if you're good at countering/blocking, for example), and at times you try to out-think your opponent instead of doing everything physically and/or frantically. That's normally what a real fight between two professional fighters is like. 

Am I mistaken here and most fighting games actually are like that? Are there certain fighting-game franchises (or iterations of franchises) that have this feel more than others? How do they achieve that type of gameplay successfully while still retaining the fun factor? And lastly, does anyone disagree with my opinion on this? 









 I'd tell him that I'm going to end his undefeated streak and I'd make a big deal about it every week and try to convince everyone that it will happen. Then I'd give it my all on the day of the battle and probably end up losing when I make a critical mistake or when I get too tired/beaten-up to continue.

... oh wait, that's Undertaker at WrestleMania. Nevermind. 




 Find something you're good at that others around you aren't, and offer to do it for people, for a small fee. For example: fixing computers, home improvement, car repair (or even washing/waxing cars), lawn care, etc.

The only thing is you wouldn't be licensed at any of these positions, thus you'd likely have no insurance. You need to let potential customers know this fact immediately and make sure they understand. Also, charge them less than an insured company would, obviously, to make up for the fact that you have none. 




 Sorry if this is really obvious to a lot of people. I don't own a smartphone, and whenever I borrow someone else's, I'm amazed at how the phone knows how I'm holding it. 




 You might have jumped the gun with this response just a tiny bit... 




 How the fuck are you not fired yet? 









 Would you accept it? Would you try to prove yourself wrong? How would you do it? 




 All while someone tries to take the hook out and probably makes the wound worse at least half the time?

Does it not hurt them? 









 Close enough. 




 Did that first bee take a bath in a tub of Cheetohs? 




 http://i.lvme.me/6boekf5.jpg 




 Well-played. Not even gonna lie, this made me laugh. 




 Admittedly, I only got it because my friend has worked there for five years, and he vouched for me before I even did all of this 














 It is, if you can afford it. 




 Then give me Option B. I don't see how watching a gruesome death once every seven days would be as much of a detriment than having no arms or hands.

I bet some people watch slasher/horror movies more often than once a week. 




 A blowjob.

I'm very lonely. 




 Can I get prosthetics? 




 Another user proves my point. There's a difference between being chronically depressed and "not being in the mood to do it." That's an excuse a girlfriend uses when she doesn't feel like fucking.

What if I'm so miserable and pissed while I'm there that I try to just keep to myself and pretend I'm not there, but people keep trying to talk to me, and then I have a massive panic attack?

Different story, right? Thought so. 




 I hope this doesn't turn into one of those "On the Hunt for Bigfoot" shows. Nobody ever finds any hard evidence. We'd have *heard about it already.*

Granted, I didn't read the article because I"m tired. 




  Do you really want to know how it is to have special needs? I bet not.

I **DO** have special needs. You're proving my point. Special needs are the same, psychologically or physically. My ailments might not keep me from being able to walk, but physical illness doesn't turn your world into a nightmarish abyss where no one understands you and anything bad or uncomfortable that happens to you can trigger a massive panic attack. 




  People are shit to people in wheelchairs, **the absolute majority only helps if it's their job to help.**

Or if they're family.

Unless you think every parent in the world would ignore their child's needs if the child was temporarily confined to a wheelchair and unable to walk. 




 But I want someone I'm comfortable talking to. Hell, I'm not even comfortable talking to my father about this, and I'm as close to him as anyone. That's probably at least partially due to the fact that he just doesn't get it (plus he grew up teaching me the whole cliche "Men are supposed to man up and bitch-slap their emotions whenever they feel sad" thing).

He and I just think way too differently for him to relate, and it's incredibly frustrating. 




  For video editing etc yes I would look for professional series cards like the nVidia Quadro series

The laptop I'm using now has an NVIDIA Quadro FX 2700M, and it gets about as hot as the surface of the sun.

 If either are located on the bottom of the laptop your cooling is going to suffer severely whenever the laptop is sitting flat on a table etc.

Would that apply if it was on a laptop cooler? 




 Tried therapy. Wasn't surprised it didn't work. I hate talking to people about my problems, especially people I don't know. 




 I hate light. I actually used to be terrified of the dark, but now it comforts me.

I live, alone, in the basement of this two-story house because it's the only room that doesn't let in sunlight. 




  People aren't going to cater to you just because your depressed

"People aren't going to cater to you just because you're in a wheelchair." 




  And the drowning man will sink should he not use his arms to swim.

And I am swimming. I'm taking psychiatric medicines and talking to my physician weekly about my mental health.

But going to this wedding would make the metaphorical "current" stronger and harder to swim against, if not just temporarily. 




   if you don't go you'll feel shitty in your comfort zone and wallow in it for who knows how long

I wallow in depression already.

"A drowning man cares not about the rain." 




 You guys are here, and that's great. I appreciate it. But support from strangers on the internet can only go so far.

As far as meeting people, I don't want to meet people. I hate people. People are the reason I spend 18 hours a day locked in a room with no light and ignoring almost any call I receive on my cell phone.

I can almost guarantee that forcing myself to go would do more harm than good for me. The only reason I'm even considering it is because I owe my dad big time. He is truly the *only* reason I have a roof over my head and food on my plate. He refused to abandon me when I was in desperate straits, and he goes beyond that very often (for example, allowing me to live in the house he owns, rent-free).

So basically, I'll feel like shit if I don't go because he's done so much for me and I'd feel like an asshole for disappointing him.

Or, I can feel like shit if I do go, because it'll be boring, because I hate crowds, I hate people, and I hate being out of my comfort zone. 




  is true strength really a single beam bearing an unbearable load until it can bear no longer, or is true strength having the faith in your fellow man to be able to show your weakness, and be helped by them.

Who's gonna help? Nobody. The best my father does (and I appreciate it) is help me out when I need money for my meds. Other than that, he thinks this whole issue of psychological imbalance isn't even real.

Us 20-somethings (or at least myself and most people I've seen) have parents who come from a generation where a lot of people thought depression/anxiety/mental disorders were all either fake excuses for laziness, a product of literal insanity, or simply hypochondria. I really wish people would read up on things or ask around. My dad's not an idiot, he's just used to old-fashioned values and beliefs. But he's not much of a reader or one to watch educational/documentary programs.

I just want someone, ONE PERSON IN MY LIFE, to understand that having severe depression/anxiety/both is just as bad as being terribly ill physically.

Instead, they think it's not, because there are very few palpable physical symptoms, many of the habits that occur because of depression can be easily confused with laziness, and if you're extremely unhealthy psychologically, you don't need to go to a hospital to stay alive (with obvious exceptions). 




  So, apart from the whole smoke and mirrors raging at life thing, why do you actually not want to go?

I don't understand what you mean by "smoke and mirrors," but it's simple.

This (my home) is my comfort zone. My mind doesn't like it very much when I leave my comfort zone. I need to stay in it as often as possible to avoid spending the rest of my life in a straitjacket.

The only time I'm willing to drag my broken, psychologically crippled ass out of bed is to go buy something I want/need, or to go to work. I don't think it's asking too much that I wish to remain in solitude otherwise. 




 That might have been your brain just thinking crazy (no offense) thoughts because it knew you wouldn't act on it, since you couldn't, what with the building being only two stories.

If you lived on the 28th floor of an apartment building and looked out the window, I'd be willing to bet that you wouldn't have that sudden, out-of-nowhere urge to jump.

But as others have said, there's no reason to take the chance and end up discovering that this isn't the case, before it's too late. Professional help is always good, and it's much less taboo/stigmatized than some people realize. 




 I have traits of a selfish, arrogant, condescending asshole, and I pretty much hate the entire world, but I would take a bullet for one person and one person only-- my father.

If it wasn't for him, I'd be penniless and homeless right now, having lost my job two years ago. He lets me live in the two-story house that he owns, while he and my stepmother live together a few minutes away. He's always willing to help me with anything even somewhat important, and he constantly refers to the home I live in as (and treats it as if it's) "My house," despite the fact that I haven't given him a dime in rent money.

Funny thing is, I've never been close to a situation like that where I'd have to potentially die to keep someone else from doing so. I don't know how I know I would do so for my father... I just know that I would. Without a doubt. 




 If it makes you feel better, your brain compounding negative occurrences with negative thoughts is actually your brain trying to help you.

http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/12yk37/how_i_feel_right_now/c6za4xk

I'm not 100% sure he's correct, but it seems plausible and makes sense to me.

My advice would be to see a doctor or a psychologist. The latter if you think talking to someone about your problems would help (a lot of people in your situation are the complete opposite, and it's understandable), or the former if you think psychiatric medication would be better (it's worked for me... kinda).

Hope you feel better. 




 A few months ago, I told my dad I'd go to my stepsister's wedding (Sunday, August 11th-- tomorrow as of this writing). I'm not close to her at all, or my stepmother, but my dad just married my stepmother and he really wants me to go.

One problem-- I feel like utter and complete shit right now because of recent events, and I know I'm gonna feel like shit tomorrow. I guarantee he's not gonna want to hear any of that, though. But if I was in the house coughing up blood, vomiting and having a fever of 102 degrees, I bet you he wouldn't give me shit about not going. Those physical ailments I just described are pretty much analogous to how I feel psychologically right now.

* "Man up and go."

* "Stop making excuses."

* "You're being ridiculous."

Would you say that to someone who was extremely sick physically? Of course not. But if you feel like shit psychologically, for some reason, it doesn't count.

Also note that I'm 24 years old and I live alone, so he made it clear that since I'm an independent adult, the choice is up to me. It's not a "If you don't go, I'm gonna beat your ass" or "I'll kick you out of the house if you don't go."

My dad is a really tough guy, and he doesn't show great sadness and such very often. But if I don't go, I get the feeling he'd be as close to heartbroken as he's been recently, because he (like many people) doesn't understand what depression and anxiety are like separately, much less combined. 

**EDIT:** Another reason he'd be really upset is that he'd think I was doing it out of selfishness, disrespect, or both, not because I feel terrible. Do you guys think there's any way to convince him otherwise? 




 So, in the future, should I look for a similar make and model of graphics card, just one that doesn't suck ass? What's the best way to tell before purchasing a laptop if the GPU will be able to handle the load that I'd put on it? 




 There is absolutely no hard evidence or physical proof at all. None. There's just speculation, assumptions, blatant untruths, misconceptions, etc.

Meanwhile, despite the onus being on the theists, there is MUCH better evidence for the lack of the Christian god's existence.

Put it like this-- I've said this before and I still think I'm right:

**There's more evidence to support the existence of Bigfoot than there is to support the existence of God.** 




 Save. Your. Fucking. Money. You. Retard.

-slap- 




  the only laptops in my experience that achieve mediocre success when it comes to idle temps are gaming laptops that have been designed to tolerate and perform under heavy system loads for extended periods of time.

It's funny, because I remember asking a few people if I should just get a gaming laptop so that I'll know the GPU and everything will be on point and able to handle a heavy load. They all said no, since gaming laptops are designed explicitly for gaming, and won't do as well with video editing as I thought.

Is that correct? 




 Very good explanation. Another thing to consider is that the free safety, being quicker and faster, is usually the last line of defense in a defense with only one player back.

He's also usually the better safety, between the two, at guarding receivers, so they may assign him to a WR if need be, where a strong safety is more likely to blitz or maybe pick up the running back. 




 The best explanations I've seen (which isn't saying much) are "Such-and-such happened, we don't know how, so it must have been God."

Things like evolution, or the fact that the Earth is almost perfectly positioned to support life, or the fact that atheist claim that the universe was created from nothing, etc. 




 What type of specs should I look for in a new laptop? GPU, CPU, RAM, etc. I need to be able to use high-end video editing programs (Sony Vegas, Adobe After Effects, etc.) without the computer feeling like it's about to burst into flames.

I assume the best GPUs are going to be in the most expensive laptops. 




 Remove dust how? Simply by hand?

I don't trust myself to do that. I'm not very... handy. I'm afraid I'll screw something up. 




 [This is what my GPU usually looks like after I've been browsing the web (no videos, no games, nothing that should stress the graphics card).](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/09/GPU2.png) Not good. So I decided to do the following:

Shut my computer off for the night (not sleep, not hibernate, completely shut down), and thus, it cooled down for a good 7-8 hours. Then, I turned it on, cut off my wireless internet connection so no programs that use the internet would activate automatically, and didn't run any programs save for three: Task Manager, Speccy (to monitor GPU), and Core Temp (to monitor processor cores).

After 58 minutes of idling (most of which was spent with the display turned off, since it automatically does so after two minutes-- just the display, not the computer itself. Like a screensaver), my GPU was at 65C, and my processor cores were at 59 and 60C respectively. I had absolutely no applications running (if you had looked in my Task Manager "Applications" tab, it would have been empty).

The computer was also hot to the touch, despite the fact that, just to make it clear, I didn't touch the computer once after starting it up and running the Task Manager, Speccy, and Core Temp.

Now, I know there a few possible solutions, and I have some questions about those.

* Compressed air to clean out potentially clogged fans/heat sinks. I'm REALLY broke right now, but I'm trying to scrounge the money to grab one or two. Let's say I do, and I use it, and it still overheats? Then what?

* I also have a laptop cooler that I used to use that actually helped keep the computer a little bit cooler, which is better than nothing. But there's a short in the power cord now, and I don't have any soldering tools or expertise to fix it myself. I tried to search the internet for somewhere I can buy just the power cord, since buying a new cooler would be pretty pointless. Nothing wrong with mine except the power cord. Does anyone know where I might be able to find a power cord for [this cooling pad?](http://www.amazon.com/Gaming-Laptop-Cooling-Turbine-SGA-4000-KKNF1/dp/B004G603E2) Also, is there maybe a common household item(s) that I can use until I get a new cord/cooler?

Thanks, and if I left anything out or wasn't clear, please let me know. 




 Would the lack of sunlight cause health issues? If not, gimme that. I love gray, cloudy days. The sun can eat a dick, making everything all bright and shit. 




 Thanks for the quick response. I'll probably have a little more to add to help you guys help me.

For shits and giggles, [here's my motherboard](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/09/Motherboard.png). I assume this is almost a direct result of the piece of trash NVIDIA calls a GPU.

No bueno. 




 A person's name affects their entire life?

Oh, boy... 




 I've never in my life seen so much embarrassing nonacceptance in one place. 




 Don't act like Hunter isn't a badass first name.

Triple H agrees. 




 Hey, guys. I don't accept other people's viewpoints on things! That makes me cool, right???? 




 None, because parents can name their kids whatever the fuck they want. 




 [Here's the specs on my GPU.](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/09/GPU2.png) I wasn't doing anything except browsing the web (no videos, no games, not even an animated smiley in an IM program). As such, you can see that it kinda sucks.

If I have the CPU idle, my GPU temp shouldn't ever go over like 40 or 50C, right?

Also, what's defined as idling? Would that be when the load is under a certain number (and, presumably, "System Idle Process" is in the 90s)? Can you leave a computer on as long as you want and still have it be considered idle? I was going restart the computer for the night so it cools all the way down, and then leave it on for 30 minutes with no programs running, except Speccy to monitor the GPU.

Good idea, bad idea? Did I have any misinformation above?

Thanks. 




 This only counts if you got her phone number. Unless you knew her already. But have an upvote anyway for the clever line. 




 Is there a way to check if background processes/bloatware are even the problem? I don't wanna go through all the processes and then find out it was never an issue.

My CPU generally stays at a load of 5 or below when I'm just browsing the internet or something. It's just that I think the video card overheats for no good reason, which overheats the motherboard, which makes my laptop feel like the surface of the sun to the touch.

**EDIT:** For example, right now, like I said, I'm doing nothing but browsing the web. I've got 12 tabs open, but nothing at all that should cause a heavy load. I'm running no other programs except Core Temp, Speccy, Yahoo IM, AIM, and Task Manager.

Despite this, my GPU is at 69C (very high, according to [this](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/09/GPU2.png)), and doesn't appear to have any plans to drop below that at all any time soon.

I'm not watching any videos, I'm not using anything like Sony Vegas or Adobe After Effects, and I'm not streaming anything anywhere. I'm convinced my GPU just sucks balls. 




  I think it's unfair to call someone's marriage that ends in divorce a result of solely bad decisions. People do change. 

I can understand that. I just have an aversion to the logic in the OP since it implies that the nature of marriage causes divorce, not the people who get married.

Kinda like the whole "Guns don't kill people, people kill people" thing. 




 I really don't like it when people say someone has such-and-such a chance of doing something because that's the average. If a person is careful who he/she marries, when he/she marries him/her, and makes sure that everything is as stable as it can be, I'd say they have a much better than 50/50 chance.

The fact that half of American marriages end in divorce, or whatever the hell the number is, has no bearing on a specific marriage. It's not the idea of marriage that causes it-- it's people's bad decisions. 




 Hehe, #3 looks like the Monopoly guy 




 I'm not an expert by any means, but I own several external HDDs, and all I do is plug em in, select the files I want, select "Copy," choose the (C:) or (E:) drive, and let the computer do the rest.

I don't know how many files you want to copy or how large in file size they are, so there may be a more efficient way. 




 Gotcha, I understand.

Thanks for being so patient with me. I really appreciate it. 




 There's really no way to do it without taking the laptop apart in some manner? 




 I'd probably end up killing myself, my computer, or both.

Let's say I do get my hands on some compressed air. What exactly should I do to ensure I clean the interior of my laptop as thoroughly as possible? 




  The fact is, you have a Dell, they've probably disabled whatever features, if any, might be used to safely downclock in software.

I thought underclocking would affect hardware, not software? 




 I know this will sound like I'm being stubborn, but I honestly do not have enough faith in myself to take apart and reassemble a laptop. I practically live on my computer, so if anything happened to it, I'd be pretty screwed. 




  What? Could you open up task manager and tell me which program or process is causing this?

It's always something that could not possibly be the cause, like Task Manager or Windows Explorer. The computer just overheats so much it can't even handle simple tasks for the time being.

**EDIT:** And what's the best way to disable background processes, and knowing which ones I should and shouldn't disable? And what's "bloatware"? 




 I'm telling you, I can't get ahold of a can of compressed air. Unless there's a common household item I can use as a substitute, this isn't happening unfortunately.  




 You mean like an external hard drive plugged into the USB? 




 [Overall system specs](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/08/Speccy.png)

[Motherboard](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/08/Motherboard.png)

[Processors](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/08/CPU.png)

[Graphics card](http://3image.com/images/2013/08/08/GPU.png)

All taken within the last 2 minutes.

Now, I've heard (and not necessarily saying I don't believe) that most high-end laptops can handle 100C without potential system damage. But the issue here is that the computer reaches temps as high as 80 or above (shown in screenshots), despite the fact that I only have the following programs open:

* AIM
* Yahoo IM
* Firefox (admittedly, 9 tabs, but just Google, a message board, Reddit, Wiki, and TV Tropes)
* uTorrent
* Task Manager

Now, I believe my graphics card (NVIDIA Quadro FX 2700M) is known for being a piece of shit, mostly in terms of playing video... but I haven't watched any videos since I turned the computer on an hour ago (confirmed in Task Manager). I haven't run any other programs other than Speccy, which I closed after taking the above screenshots.

Like I said, I haven't done anything but browse a message board or two, as well as Reddit.

It seems like underclocking/undervolting are my only options. There's no way I can take my laptop apart to clean the fans (I have no experience whatsoever in doing so), and I can't get my hands on a cooling pad or a can of compressed air (long story).

How much can I underclock/undervolt? Is there a limit? I'd really like my laptop to stay below 60C at almost all times. If this means a sacrifice of performance, I can live with that. I just hate the feel of a scalding hot laptop (I can feel it even as I type), and it causes the computer's CPU Usage to jump to 100% at random times when I'm not doing anything that would consume enough power to take the laptop to full load.

Any comments, questions (if I left out important information or anything), suggestions, all are welcome.

Thanks, guys. 




 They may have been a friend at one point, but eventually, they became an enemy without your knowledge. 




 It does come from your enemies. You just don't know they're your enemies yet. 




 I have some pills I have to take three capsules of, three times a day. So what I do is I take 9 out of the big container, and put them into a smaller, empty container. That way, I have what I know is a day's worth in one container, so I know it should be empty before I go to sleep.

Not trying to steal OP's thunder, just something I thought I'd share. 




 Would you give him the money if he didn't graduate, or is it sort of a reward for finishing school? 




 Now we need touch screen spring-action phones

PROFIT 




 Firefox 22.0 




 Ah, sorry. Firefox 




 When I want to Google something, all I do is type a word or phrase in the address bar and press Enter, and it searches for it on Google.

Somehow, and I honestly can't remember how, it got changed from going to Google to AOL. Can I change it back? 




 I wanted one of those so bad. And tbqh, I still do. 




 Touche. But it wasn't in the form of a question I WIN!

_ 




 So, who's gonna make the lewd comment about the boy's mother saying his jacket smelled like "bush"? Any takers? Going once... 




 What if I told you it's supposed to be? 









 Isn't it illegal, via the terms of service of most sites like this, that you don't share your account with anyone? 














 My internet goes out randomly for 2-3 minutes at a time, and I've determined that it's not some kind of electronic interference from other appliances, it's not the internet connection itself, and it's not the signal strength.

As such, I was suggested to change what's apparently called my "DNS switchboard" from my ISP to Google Public DNS.

On [this page](https://developers.google.com/speed/public-dns/docs/using#setup), step four of the process reads:

*Select the Networking tab. Under This connection uses the following items, select Internet Protocol Version 4 (TCP/IPv4) or Internet Protocol Version 6 (TCP/IPv6) and then click Properties.*

I have both IPv4 and IPv6. How do I know which one to choose? 




 So that if you drop of a glass or a plate, it doesn't break into a million pieces. 














 I've always loved the *Saw* series, and I find myself enamored with John Kramer's machinations. I've often thought of what kind of "game" he'd force someone I know to play, or even myself. So hit me, Reddit. 

Oddly enough, this is one of the few times when I hope this WON'T reach the front page. That'd be a lot of work.

**EDIT:** Also, depending on how many I have to do, I might not be able to get to these tonight. I'll try my best, though.

**EDIT 2:** If you don't mind, let me know if you're male or female and your age. If you don't feel comfortable doing that, it's okay. Just don't even mention it in your comment. 









 Russian Roulette, "Chicken" on railroad tracks, you name it. Anything where a life could potentially be lost.

And whatever you can potentially win, you have to provide 1/5 of that total. So if your number is $10,000, you've got to be able to throw $2,000 in, and four other people will do the same. This info is just there so you can think about if paying 1/5 of [x amount of] dollars is worth doing something that could kill you, or make you five times richer.

If you wouldn't do it for 1/5, would you for 1/10? 1/20? 







































 Once I start taking them, you're really gonna make me call my doctor every time I get a refill, even though I brought in the confirmation note for the prescription the first time?

I'm over here losing my goddamn mind because of Xanax withdrawal, and I have to wait til tomorrow to get a refill (haven't had any since Friday) because I have no minutes on my cell phone and I was forced to make an appointment with my physician.

Ugh. Just venting. Sorry if this sounds bad or weird. 









 [General computer specifications](http://3image.com/images/2013/06/30/Spec.png)

[Graphics card specifications](http://3image.com/images/2013/07/23/gcard.png)

As you can see, the graphics card overheats (which I think is a consistent problem with this specific video card), which causes the motherboard and processors to over heat, and that causes my laptop to stall and struggle to run the simplest of tasks because of the excess heat. Plus I don't think that a constant temperature of ~75C is healthy for a laptop.

I'm looking for anything, *anything* at all that even has a chance of maybe helping with this problem. Software, BIOS updates, changes to any settings on the computer (such as under Control Panel, etc.). Anything. Anything at all.

Thanks in advance. If you need any more info, it shouldn't be a problem at all for me to provide it. Feel free to tell me if I've omitted anything important. 









 [Computer specifications](http://3image.com/images/2013/06/30/Spec.png)

I can't watch a high-quality video (even on YouTube) without the graphics card overheating, which then overheats my processors and motherboard. At that point, the CPU Usage skyrockets to 100%, and stays there while I can't do much of anything. I can move the mouse and click things and everything still technically functions normally, just *extremely* slowly. As if the computer is struggling to carry out the simplest tasks because the video card is so weak but is also trying its hardest to maintain quality video feedback (which it doesn't more often than not).

What are my options other than "Buy a new laptop"? 




 We know one wild bull will gore everything with a heartbeat, but what if *another* bull was introduced? How would they act towards each other and towards the matador? 




 I mean, how badass would it be to see your supervisor, maybe some older fat dude who doesn't look like he's ever been in a fight in his life, pull a gun during an attempting robbery at your workplace? 




 [My computer specs, courtesy of Speccy)[http://3image.com/images/2013/06/30/Spec.png]

And when I say it "goes out," I don't mean that my modem/router doesn't pick up a connection. It still does, and I'll stay connected to my wireless network on my laptop, but web sites won't load. However, if I have something running that runs perpetually and doesn't have to be reloaded (like Xbox Live, instant messenger programs, torrents, etc.), they will stay connected to the internet (i.e., torrents will still download, I can still send/receive IMs, can still play games online, etc.), even while I can't access web pages.

When this happens, nothing on my router/modem changes. All the lights are lit, and it shows that I'm connected to the internet.

I made this thread before but forgot about it, so I wasn't able to confer with other users. I was given the following advice:

***You could try adding Google's DNS to your settings, it's 8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4. Or some other DNS service.***

***Try this. It sounds like a service on your router is crashing (probably DNS) and the 2 or 3 minutes if how long it takes your router to notice and restart the service. Using an external DNS will solve this by removing your dependency on the crashy DNS server.***

So, three questions:

1. Is this the best way to remedy this? If not, what is?
2. How do I go about doing this?

Thanks 




 And what, if anything, did the FCC have to do with this decision?

**EDIT:** Just in case some people don't watch the show, I'm referring to the TV series *South Park.* 




 I made this thread a few days ago, starting off with "Zoologists/animal experts of Reddit," but now I realize that pretty much anyone could have a good answer for this thread. 









 Other than "Holy shit I can't believe the religious conservatives haven't gotten this cancelled yet." 














 I've attempted to convert four MKV files to MP4 format. The first three had the audio out of sync with the video, but one of them had no sync issues whatsoever.

Any ideas as to what the problem could be? Should I post the codec info for the videos that didn't work and the one that did? 














 **NOTE:** This is a re-post from last night. No one responded (I assume they wouldn't, since it was late), so I hope doing this isn't against the rules/rediquette. I did read through them both to make sure it isn't, but if I missed something and it actually is against the rules, I apologize.

[Here are my system specs](http://3image.com/images/2013/06/30/Spec.png), courtesy of Speccy. As you can see, my graphics card kinda blows (I wasn't doing anything that should strain the video card-- not watching videos or playing games. Just surfing the web), even though I believe it was touted as one of the most powerful when it was released.

My laptop is a Dell Precision M6400 workstation (released in 2008). I will admit that at times, I do use strenuous programs-- mostly Sony Vegas for video editing. I have a CM Storm laptop cooler, but there's a short in the power cord and it won't work unless I hold it a certain way, and I can't do that and use the computer at the same time.

Unfortunately, I can't afford a new laptop cooler, much less a new computer. Are there any ways to keep my laptop cool consistently, or to cool it down when it gets past my preferred temps (without shutting it down or putting it in Sleep/Hibernate mode)?

I've actually heard of using ice to keep one's laptop cool-- does this really work? I can't remember the specifics, but I definitely remember reading that at least twice on this subreddit.

**Also, a disclaimer-- I'm 99% sure that I won't be willing to take the laptop apart at all. The warranty expired a long time ago, and I know jack shit about advanced computer hardware.**

If you need any other information, don't hesitate to let me know. 
























