 Keeping myself busy does help even if for a short amount of time ( really,I recommand it to everyone,good relief),going out when it's 4 am with weed,cigs,whatever, because there's no one on the streets to bother the fuck out of me. All of that coated in crazy ass pretending shit all up in my head,of course,haha.  




 I'm 22,and everyone I've ever loved didn't reciprocate my feelings,if that wasn't enough many of them actually made me believe they did only to say oh finally I've changed my mind later. I've never had even a chance to try and it fucking hurts.
 




 I'm not happy because nothing ever works for me despite my efforts I guess. Be it work,relationships,anything really. 
And what would make me the happiest is an end to loneliness,someone who actually wants to be with me,the best would even be : with me without the crazy ass fake life and bullshit. 

 




 Probably because I tried everything I could to be a good person,I was always there for others,supportive as they said. But they got their share of happiness now matter how crappy they could be to others,I did not. I've put so much work into becoming a great human being,pretty and likable. Yet they got all the cake and it only got worst for me year after year. I don't think it's fair.  
























 I don't know,I wish I could experience true love once in my life,that's basically all I dream of :( 




 He knows about my feelings,maybe not the full extent of them but he decided to talk to me less and less after going like "thought i loved you but turns out that i don't" so,yeah. I wrote a 10 pages or something letter to him,not ever sending it even if i wish he would read it,haha. 
edit : idk if it was clear but I was talking 'bout a guy I actually know and stuff,not the one I play pretend in my head with. It's too sad to do it with the one I really love I guess so I picked another target for it. 




 forever waiting for people including the love of my life ( unrequited love again ) to send me a message or something on whatever social networks I have,going from pages to pages on wikipedia,pretty boring stuff really !

yeah,it keeps me going somehow,going uphappy but not dead atm haha 




 I legit think my only talent is spending 6+ hours online everyday and it also works as a hobby tbh ! I've also been doing hair and make-up on me and as a small source of income for a few years. 
























 You're a great person for wanting to help her,I admire you for it ! x

I'd just say,do things with her that you both like often,it will be great time for you guys as well as keeping her mind off of shit. Be there for her if she needs to talk,especially if you suspect she's been feeling particularly low since she might not be upfront about it. 
Love in itself helps at lot !
 




 I "lost" the love of my life few months ago,unable to let go too and shit,the situation is nowhere near as bad as your friends' tho but i want to try my best to help. 
He might not be able to cut all contact with her for now ( i know i can't ) but it would be good if he tried to slowly let go of her,if she sends him a text maybe he could try to let time pass before answering. Then try to take more and more time to answer every..time. Yeah.
Does he still have the hope he can "get" her back ?

 




 Yeah.. I hope it happens before I go completely nuts because that shit ain't going anywhere good smh. Thank you for the support through it's very nice of you ! :) 




 If you want to talk about it I'm here,I know how scary it can get man I see my sanity going down the drain and it's fucking terrifying :/ 
What made things go this way ? ( if you don't mind the question,through)

 
























