 SpaceX. A company like that doesn't worry about quarterly earnings so much as it cares about the bigger picture for humanity. That outlook alone, acting as the primary drive for legislation, can do wonders.  




 Another small factor to this might be the fact that air traffic might be difficult to handle if flying cars become as popular and affordable as cars today, or even half a decade ago. Safety is a huge issue when it comes to taking off and landing, too. All of it requires some form of floating stoplights and markers for roads, or planned schedules of who's going where, and by which route. 
Also, flying cars probably might be invented someday, but its lack of practicality will probably not make them frequently produced and used. 
























 The best thing to do is foster in them some love for a subject. If they love it, they'll pursue it. You can help by making that love stronger as they grow up. I would suggest introducing them to science and technology, by introducing them to fun science videos on Youtube (ASAPscience, It's Okay To Be Smart, VSauce, etc.) - my 9 year old nephew is hooked on them. Send them lego model sets of spacecrafts, tell their parents to take them to science museums, tell them on the phone about cool things that are happening in science in layman's terms... they really get a kid interested. 




 I wouldn't. I'd kill myself. A world war with the technology we have will most likely annihilate the human race - international biological warfare and nuclear warfare is enough to quickly weaken and destroy entire nations. During the war, all the knowledge we've come to know will be lost, and all scientific discovery will be geared towards the war effort. I don't see the point in living through it. Then again, some people might just survive in the aftermath - but it will take centuries to recover to present day conditions once more. 
























 Hey there! I'm 15/F, and I'm really interested in space travel and exploration, engineering, and technology. I don't do much outside except photograph sunsets and sit outside quietly (I get tuckered out after climbing stairs), but I'm learning physics and hoping to get to calculus, too. Music: [Gorillaz, Django Reinhardt, Neon Indian]. Shows: [Star Trek, Cosmos, every 90's Cartoon Network show in existence]. Hobbies: [Journaling, reading science fiction and non-fiction, collecting magazine articles and clips]. I really would love handwriting letters. Let me know if you're up for it. Thanks! 




 Nuclear fusion reactors are currently being developed, and if successfully built, they can create a substantial amount of energy (more than nuclear fission), and produce less nuclear waste. ITER is currently working on it, and I believe some companies, such as Lockheed, have also considered it.



 
























