 I guess it's British slang? I didn't realise. It means cool, alright. It's something that's did in passing though like, 'I like the new chart song' oh you do? Safe.  




 No ignore me, i'm going to take my tiny dog for a walk and stop being a grumpy bum.  




 All looks so delicious! what a babe. Surprise snacks are the BEST kind of snacks 




 Thank you :) i'm starting to look forward to Thursday and being able to talk everything through with someone 




 Thanks I think so too, I suggested we talk about it every 6 months. So then there's a time frame but also no pressure. 




 I know that nobody can help really and that most of these things i'm going to have to deal with myself, i just wish there was a magic genie that would fix everything for me whilst i sat back and drank gin LOL. I'm off to the shop to get my hubby's favourite food. So i'm hoping that cheers us both up! 




 Thank you :) i'd really like a text buddy, but i'm in the UK :( 
I was seeing a therapist, and i'm seeing one again on Thursday after a 6 weeks break. So i'm looking forward to that. 
I was doing fine today, i got up early, walked quite a long way to get my hubby's favourite dinner. When i told him though he replied 'safe' and it made me cry so now i'm back in bed. Maybe tomorrow eh? 




 I think that's what I'm most scared of though. That I will get counselling and come to the realisation that maybe this relationship just isn't working. I love him so much, I've never felt like this someone. I didn't want children with anyone before him, we went to school together we dated. Few years ago and it didn't work out then we ended up together. Maybe I'm stuck in the idea it's some rom com ending, we are meant to be and meant to live happily ever after. I don't want to let that go. 

He came home with red roses today, I don't know what I did to deserve them but I can't stop smiling. 
However, he said we are really low on money and our pay days are about three weeks off, if I was to spend the same on something i love like nail polish he would be really angry. I know that sounds selfish but I don't mean it that way, I mean, both make me happy, but if we are low on money then we are low on money aren't we? Don't get me wrong they are so beautiful and i was feeling so long, they cheered me up. 

I don't really have anyone to vent to, my best friend is Russian and very to the point, she doesn't think he's right for me, she LOVES him and thinks he's a lovely guy, she just doesn't think he's right/good for me. She just turned up at my house when I tried to kill myself and she said she'd never felt so broken when she sat in the room with the psychologist whilst I told them why I did it. She's scared that I will struggle again and he won't be able to handle it and leave again and I will try and kill myself and she won't be around. She said it's her own selfish reason as well because I'm her best and only friend in the uk so she doesn't ever want to lose me. 

My mother is poison and my father is an alcoholic, so I don't see any of my family or siblings. I tried talking to his mother and really felt like we were close and she would help me, then she broke up with me for him, packed all his things for him and stood in between me and him and said awful awful things to me. I wasn't fit to be a mother because I was so depressed, I needed to pick myself up and 'stop being like this' that I was making him miserable and he shouldn't have to come home to me like this and a house so dirty. Then he left me on the stairs, they both just left me on my own when I'd told him that morning I wanted to kill myself. Afterwards after he had come home, she invited us to a few family things and I didn't want to go, when he asked me why I told him about his mother, he said he couldn't remember and said he would talk to her, it took two weeks and another argument with me calling him awful names, told him he was like his father, even called him a cunt, he talked to her but is now angry at me because I'm angry  at her and not comfortable around her. 

I literally agreed to stop trying for a baby for him, I would still be trying now because I'm so scared I might lose my chance, but I don't want to start taking the pill and mess up my cycle and condoms make me very sore after a while, he's also very large so it happens quicker. We agreed to not have unprotected sex for a week in the middle of my cycle and I said I would try condoms, then he got grumpy at me because I didn't want to try condoms that month and would prefer to not have sex, it was also hard for me to use condoms when I was ovulating, like an extra kick in the teeth. I got really upset and cried and he said he was sorry and wasn't thinking, but it still upsets me. 

That's the other thing as well, I can't bring up anything because he says it's in the past and we are moving on, but it's all happened since January, that isn't the past is it? It still feels really fresh and still hurts an insane amount. 

I know all of this sounds like I've answered my own questions about our relationship, and trust me I could go on and on but that's it at all, I really do love him more than anything in the world, even my dog who is my child and who has been my constant since my divorce. Since I was 18 actually. He's my world. I don't want to figure out we aren't working, or give up, I don't want to break up, I just want help, talking to him didn't help, doing it online so I don't shout and call him names doesn't help, writing it all down and telling him doesn't help, ordering him, shouting, screaming, calling him awful names. Nothing works it just makes me more of a minister because I'm calling this lovely guy all this horrible things when he's so calm and never shouts at me. 

All his friends say they don't like how I talk to him and he says there is no need for my anger or shouting and he just wants us to be perfect and never argue, but I feel like he drives me to it,  I start shouting even if we aren't arguing because I never feel listened to, I feel like I'm shouting over my own mental broken brain and if he wants this perfect relationship but then why isn't anything changing? Why isn't he? He's telling me I need to stop being angry and calling names, but then nothing changed and I build up to full rage again. What do I do? What do I need to do. I'll do anything but I don't know where to even start. 

I've full on rambled now, but once I started talking I couldn't stop. It's not often I have people listening to me
 




 I was expecting so much from Dazzle Camouflage. Not gonna lie, a little disappointed it's only stripes 




 I'm 26, i've 'started afresh' a few times, left my controlling much older husband when i was 20, then left an abusive partner. I can't hit the refresh button this time though, because there's nothing to refresh :/ So i feel like i'm stuck in a rut. 

All i seem to do is observe my body, but i think i try and figure it out TOO much, i get angry and i'm like, is that depression? pms? sometimes i think i have to just know that all it is, is anger.

YES! that's exactly it, i've always felt weak, because of my childhood, i build myself up and i'm this strong independent person. Then i got depressed and tried to kill myself, now i feel so broken and weak, i hate how my boyfriend looks at me sometimes. I hate people knowing i'm struggling. 

He says i'm the powerful one in the relationship, i wear the trousers. He told me he wasn't strong enough to deal with how depressed i was. So now i'm starting to feel so low again i'm scared, he's not strong enough for this and can't handle it, so what do i do? i don't want to lose him, but i can't look after myself and someone else too.

I'm sorry you've gone through so much 3  




 Yay us! :) 




 It's 4pm in the UK here, i didn't get up until the afternoon :/ 
Change always helps me too, but i'm not really sure what i could change at the moment. Whilst i LOVE my new job in a school, it's a new job so i'm having to make a super impression. To be honest my biggest pressure at the moment is my relationship. Counselling next week though after a 6 week break, so i'm just preying that starts to help me again. That's my main goal as well, i had a really shitty childhood, so i want to illuminate stress and give my child the best and happiest life they could have. My biggest kick in the teeth is my family is mainly females, and they are all as fertile as bloody cats, they stop taking contraception and BOOM bun in the oven. 




 Huzzah! glad i helped in the man crush hehe! it's like we're having a sleepover and talking crushes, this chat has super cheered me up (SUPER which means it's like cheered up but with super powers) 




 Nah, I find that most men have a 'if i was gay i'd totally let him touch my butt' I find that a lot of the time it's Nathan Fillion. 
Girls get it too, like i see some women and i'm not sure if i want to be them or be all up on their grill ya know? Kat Dennings does it for me heh she's so feisty and busty.  




