 I could have sworn I read somewhere that Montana had a highway with no speed limit. 




 Apart from being a horror (several people think it is along the lines of Human centipede), it was poorly marketed. I saw zero trailers/standees/posters for it and I work at a major theatre chain. In fact they added the trailers a week before it came out. On top of that it has poor distribution. Many times I read on here that it is just too far away for people to go see, especially with less than spectacular reviews.

All in all almost no one I work with had heard of the movie release weekend and the ones that did are the ones that, like me, live on the internet.

 




 Its ok. I read dick quack too. 




 I used to have the DK Mode version of this picture :3 




 And? 




 I enjoyed episode one and have downloaded episode two, but have yet to start it.  




 Has there ever been a black Hawkman? 




 I really liked Spaceman. The whole trade is like 9 issues and was an interesting story. 




 Actually, I didnt play any version of this game until after high school. Twice I played "Never have I ever." first time I won due to being a virgin, by the second time I played I had lost it and was the first one out. 




 Has anyone here gone to a Lykke Li concert for her I Never Learn Tour? I thought it was pretty dope she used a couple Yeezy samples. Both from Send it Up. On sound check they kept using "We can send this bitch up, it can't go down" and then during the actual performance she used the beginning sounds from it.  




 Try finding one **in** your foreskin *shudder* 




 Well there is one way to find out. . . 




 Hulk and a coupme months between issues 4 and 5 being released I think. This is my first Hulk series and the premise is pretty cool. 




 Yes with a minor change. 




 I'd get a part time somewhere at a national Chain and see about transferring to Chicago. Most jobs seem to start off at minimum wage and the headstart on long journey on wage increases. 




 Was wondering if the new Godhead event is going to make the next Infinity Man and the Forever People issues 'unreadable', meaning I'll have to get the Latern issues in order to not be 100% lost. I don't really read Latern books (yet) and have so many other books on my pull list that I probably can't afford to get the whole Event's collection. 




 Linked to the failed breaker that was 6 seconds before o.0 




 Yea don't see it available in USA :/ 




 Mmhm...mmhm...I know some of these names /Kel 




 "I don't ever think about death / It's alright if you do, it's fine"




(Texas) 




 I think Vertigo's Spaceman would be tricky, but very rewarding if done right as a movie. 




 Probably need to select credit option next time before tapping. 




 They are making a Klarion ongoing that comes out in October, but I do agree we need more Dark (in addition to Edge) comics. 




 I wouldn't say NBC has the whole dark universe. They just announced FOX buying a Lucifer Pilot. 




 I would love to do reviews as I just started reading comics this year(after buying a good number from Google Play's 4$ sale), but I don't feel I am very articulate on top of the fact I don't pay any attention to writers/artists/etc...just the Characters involved and if they interest me at all. If any one has tips/guides on how to review I wouldn't mind contributing. 




 Or Absinthe and Grape Soda. 




 I was mixing Root Beer Liquer with Jaegermeister. Still wonderful. 




 Grape Soda and Absinthe. I kid you not. 




 I actually forgot Google Wallet had that feature. I mostly use the Google Card as a prepay. It seems, from various google pages, that the server would just write down the Gift Card number on your receipt and type it in themselves on their POS terminal. Any restaurant that has tap to pay would have it readily advertised, and off the top of my head can't think of a chain that isnt fast food that has that option. 




 implying every sperm isn't sacred. 




 The Dream of Cats is best Dream King.

 




 The whole premise of the story is that the JL has been resurrected. . 




 It was definitly the edition you read. 




 Considering she has an oscar, I do believe she gets paid to act. 




 I lost my virginity. 




 Or his virgin lenses on. . . 




 I recommend it, especially if you enjoyed Sandman. I've only read Book One, but have Book Two on the shelf waiting for me to catch up on my queue.

I particularly liked his interactions with various other Angels and Deities of rival underworlds. His reputation of being cunning/deceiving/one step ahead is definitly not played down. 




 Batman Eternal weekly has been rather enjoyable. It is about 1/3 rd over I believe 




 So is this Swamp Thing-esque hulk gonna be a thing now? 




 I'm wondering how the Valiant Masters from the 15$ option fit into it all also. 




 I like how I started at the bottom of your list with Rai #1 ╮(╯▽╰)╭ 




 I am loving the fact most(All?) Marvel books cost the same or more than DC's 3D covers this month. 




 I wanna read a Graphic novel adaption of it now. 




 Just a flashback sequence. Nothing rather explicit. 




 Not a lot of torture by any means. 




 I started a sinister laugh when he was revealed in he movie. 




 People who feel entitled to piss on the seat/floor/wall/toilet paper just because 1/5th of our urinals are Out of Order.

Also the other managers not making sure the night Janitors are fully stocked on supplies before they clock out for the night. 




 I quit listening to game music back in my GBA days. Nothing is more annoying to me now. Even games with awesome soundtracks, one play and I just cant stand to hear it any more. 




 My main LCS had a closing clearance where they had their entire stock at 50% for cash. I got from them Gaiman's Black Orchid, New 52 Flash vol. 1, HC Batman: Earth One (can't wait for next May to continue it), a Venom Might Paper Wallet, New 52 Redhood and the Outlaws vol. 4, and Larfleeze Vol. 1. I would have got some various Green Latern trades but I was between paydays and short on cash.

At my new main LCS I found a Mint New 52 Static Shock for retail price, which is a steal compared to Amazon and considering getting their other copy as an investment. 




 Shoot over to Instocktrades and you could add a couple more. 




 I've been eyeing it on my LCS shelf, but didnt want to jump in so far along. This bundle let me catch up for way cheaper. 




 I think I busted in her during round one a little bit, before pull out. But during round two and three I pulled out fast enough....I think. Don't judge me it was my first time and no babies 16 months later.

I saved a near-nude pic my college roommate's girlfriend had on Facebook for no longer than a minute at like 5 in the morning. No I wasnt just going through her page. It just showed up on the frontpage, of course I saved it, but then a minute later, as I was contemplating hitting Like, it was gone. Right place at the right time I guess.  




 My old WoW guild had a rule for no Levitation during raids. I once botched a boss pull because the secondary tank was Levitated by me and couldn't charge in, because I did it last second :3

At my job we have to check the first aid kit daily, because I didn't realize a cream was expired and lost several % points on an Audit.  




 I mean...that wasnt that bad...from the tits down that is. . . 




 I just hope they build on what is hinted about Dr. Fate in the Future's End weekly. 




 The Future's End for JLD is next week, as for the actual story, I've only kept up with the first three traded, but immensly enjoyed it. 




 I still need to read it, Thursday was payday and had to work most of it. 




 I would choose The Sandman: Dream County trade. I know it isn't one story/arc, but four short stories, including my single favorite ""A Dream of a Thousand Cats." (Only single issue that has ever made me actually cry) I feel it really shows how great Gaiman is. Not to mention "A Midsummer Night's Dream" being the only Comic to win a World Fantasy Award. 




 I like to think the Humble Book Bundles had a hand in getting people to start picking up Trades. I know that is why I keep up with Saga, Lazarus, and East of West. Ever since the Image Bundle I've been hooked on those. 

Shoot just now bought the Valiant Bundle, and if everything seems good, I'll be picking trades from them. 




 First Kanye featured with Lykke Li and Santigold on N.A.S.A 's Gifted, now Kanye with Lorde might happen. I can die happy once this happens. 




 And didn't Lorde say that Kanye was someone she admires/inspired by, or something like that? 




 One can hope. 




 There is also the fact that hearing something live at the concert can be drastically different than a live concert recording. 




 Actually there are one or two additional tracks in addition to the Love Club EP on the Pure Heroine Extended. . .one of which is missing from the Google Play Store version. 




 If two or more devices cannot stream netflix, while another watches youtube, then it is deemed unliveable.  




 I guess rating more things that you do like might help. 




 Someone tell that to ATT, who charge me $40 for 1.5 mbps, which is the fastest possible apparently. 




 I wouldnt mind hopping back into runescape if this comes to bd. 




 Maybe we dont know that yet. He is still gone and apparently is not even aware of this.

 




 I can only imagine the reactions from the more conservative part of america....

It would be cool if they did the storyline of Morpheus cutting off his wings and his search for them later...perhaps linking up with Joseph Gordon-Levit's Sandman movie. 




 Acension is a good one. 




 Go bar hopping, with UBER as your DD. 




 Sword of Scorcery Vol. 1  




 Yea....didn't Super Saiyan God just get added to  DBZ canon this past year? 




 Terraria has a good number of achievements. 




 When is Arrow Season 2 supposed to come out on netflix? I read somewhere it was today but still isnt there :/ 




 I still have about 15 Trades or so to read still....their sales are too juicy to pass up sometimes. 




 Perfum: Story of a Murderer.

It is just so good. 




 My roommate slept with his girlfriend every night and had this pillow. Your argument is invalid. 




 They have a disclaimer somewhere saying that oversales can happen, but yea it would be nice if they gave a personal update when it happens. If you check your current orders you can see which items are picked and scanned. I mean unless you ordered just 1, then it is a matter of waiting. 




 Umm...link? 




 Are you telling me that you don't have this pillow? I'm 23 and I have it in my linen closet....if I used pillows, this would be the one. 




 Sometimes they have to reorder stock through their supplier, which used to take a couple days alone. IST recently moved closer to them so that would only delay your order by a day or so. 




 Well....this is my first time seeing this post...so yea 




 I've been ordering books from them since beginning of the year. Never had any issues with them. This one time I accidentally ordered a book I had previously ordered. I noticed before they sent my package and they were willing to exchange it for a different of same price.

I hear they recently changed locations, so hopefully lower waiting times for delivery. 




 They bag and board their comics carefully. I've ordered a couple times from them with no problem. 




 Empire Ants by The Gorillaz. Every time I listen to it, I get chills. 




 I keep my cards in the back pocket so it slides to the side instead of up. 




 I just redeemed about 50+ codes yesterday. Only had a handful like this, but not nearly as bad. ╮(╯▽╰)╭ 









 I think it depends on what  planet he is on. We see this in Justice League United.  




 I've enjoyed Acension.

 




 I didnt update it and can run it just fine. So server is ok. 




 Changed my first bulb in a theatre projector. It is like handling a bomb. Shit is intense. 




 How about a spot for the priest that likes to levitate others randomly?  




 They need to put some Constantine back in Vertigo IMO 




 I would like to read a Death of Constantine book... 




 Didn't moot just add the catalog like last year? 




 I pay 42$/month for 1.5 MBPS from ATandT. I've talked to them and that is the fastest physically possible for my address. 




 And have to redo all my achievements, games linked, not to mention every purchase beyond games? Are you dense?

It is simply a matter of not wanting certain online personas of mine beinf linked to more public accounts of me.  




 I'm not dissing Google+, in fact I wish it was more active amongst my acquaintances, it just I'd rather remain as anonymous as possible on the select forums I choose to participate.  




 Shoot I am almost to my second set of 10gems from daily kills....imma see if it loads for me when I get home, havent updated it yet. 




 I would post mine, but it is my actual name...and yea not trying to link my reddit account in case I have friends lurking around the subreddits i frequent. 




