 I've heard it's a good gun for getting money. Thoughts? 




 Cool idea! We should post them separately and talk about them. I'll get to work! 




 This is really freaking cool 




 crowd!! 




 I'm stuck with an iPad and an android phone tonight, and no credit card. Is there any way you know of that I can watch TLC? 




 Thank you! 




 Where's a good place to see it?  




 Hey thanks for this! 




 On this same line, what about frizbee golf?  




 I like these threads. Let's discussion occur.  




 Halle berry 




 Okay, kind of off topic, but also... Derek, in the eighth season. I could not stand him 




 Mine was when I dove headfirst into a
 group of zombies, including the panzer soldat, my plan being to suicide. I was playing with randoms who were all dead. I had the zombie shield, and somehow I not only didnt go down, but the panzer died, and I just got up into a nuke it dropped. Worst suicide ever 














 I try and go as long as I can without getting a kill. Farthest I made was round 27, three randoms, 0 kills, 17 revives, 2 downs. 




 Hey, awesome, me too. I'll send you a friend request at 4:30 most likely 




 :( sorry, I'm est so that'll be around 6 Am, I have to work then 




 Hi! I'm looking to do the origins ee today, any time. I'm on xbox, and Ive got a mic. My gamer tag is xSu1CiD3 D1NOx . I'm not sure if the o in Dino is a zero or an o, :/ 




 Hey, I'm looking to do the origins ee, any chance you'd want to today? 




 Hi, im looking to do origins ee today, message me if youre free and I'll shoot you a request 




 This is a fist for me, and it feels warm and fuzzy! 

ಠ ಠ 




 Your friend wants you to call them. 




 Just something I noticed about your poem, it can be read back words (by line) and is still beautiful. I enjoyed it. 




 Beautiful 




 Its almost impossible to die. My high round is 159 (not bragging, its just a time thing, not much skill) 




 Pretty chill interview, haven't seen anything this civil and still interesting in a while. I like it! 




 14, 25, 192, 67, 17 




 I have to be honest, I loved this map. It felt pretty small/simple to me, but for some reason the homey feel of the map made it a fun fallback if I ever get bored with origins, die rise, etc. 




 But... King Midas! 




 I did literally the exact same thing at my school... Like, word for word 




 Everything he said was true, mate... Dunno what to tell you 




 This is so freaky similar to the book Solaris! Check it out, its about a new planet discovered that's covered entirely in a strange ocean. 1960's sci fi book 




 That was very eloquent way to describe the driver in the whites actions 




 Right here with you. School dance tonight :/ 




 He y, sorry, somewhat new to this. How did we learn zombies have human thoughts?  




 So, from what I've seen, most of us seem to suffer from extreme heartbreak. I was thinking about the girl I love yesterday and thought of a lyric in pearl jam's song Black. He says "I know you're going to be a star in someone else's sky, but why, why can't it be mine"

So I started thinking... The lead singer of pearl jam had someone to lament over. I have someone to lament over. How many people have someone to lament over?

And the thing that comforted me was just the realization that this person I wanted so much ... There's thousands of them. Everyone has one, it seems. 

Suddenly she seemed less special 




 You impacted my life tonight in a very kind way. Thank you. Never forget the good you are even if everything is bad. 




 You make a convincing argument. 




 I just can't live with myself when I let that little guy go down. 




 1. Buried

2. Origins

3. Kino

4. Nacht

5. Nuke 




