 Awesome! So if my face has been handling the two products well but split in the morning and night, is it possible that using both at night could cause irritation? Or is my face basically used to it now? 




 A lot of people like Cerave products because they are very cheap. I would say look into a Cerave cleanser and a moisturizer (a lot of people like Cerave PM). Also, if you aren't wearing sunscreen during the day please check out the recommendations for one in the sidebar. 

As for the acne, I would look into the spot treatment recommendations. So that's about four products I believe? Cleanser, moisturizer, sunscreen, and spot treatment.  




 I believe you can use both, as long as they aren't drying. Just be sure to wait about 10 minutes after using the BP for it to dry, and then use the TTO mixed with a carrier oil. If you don't dilute the TTO it can cause a chemical burn, so be careful. 




 Yes. It could be any of the new products, but avoid using any products with fatty alcohols and see how your skin responds. If your skin is getting worse there's no point continuing your routine! Good luck. 




 I use the same Alpha Hydrox product. I think you should probably just use it once a day, preferably at night. I don't think you need to switch to a lower % if your skin isn't irritated. But yes, twice may be too much chemical exfoliation. 




 Can I use my Neutrogena Rapid Clear Acne Defense Lotion (SA 2%) and my Alpha Hydrox (10% glycolic acid) both at night? I really don't have a lot of time in the morning to wait for the Neutrogena lotion (and I believe I have to wait 20-30 minutes?). Can I do both at night? And how long do I wait in between? 

I know I've seen people use the PC AHA and BHA both at night but I'm not sure how to go about it. 

Also, just wanted to share a little success. I had a pimple growing on my cheek and I just left it alone, didn't pop it, nothing. I put my BP cream on it, and last night I mixed a bit of neem oil in with my moisturizer and this morning it was really, really reduced in size and the redness has lessened as well. So yay! I'm just recovering from a pimple I popped on my lip a few days ago that is now an ugly scab...sigh. 




 Haha I've become a little obsessed honestly. Sunscreen is my number one thing to replace with an Asian product once I have the money. And I was looking at the biore one, it's actually on my amazon wishlist lol. But thanks for the info, I would like a sunscreen with more than spf 30. 




 Why do you use the Thayer's on non-AHA days? Are you not supposed to use the two in one night? 




 Current routine:

AM - 

1.) Rinse face with water.

2.) Thayer's Witch Hazel as a toner.

3.) Neutrogena Rapid Clear Acne Defense Lotion. Wait 10-20 minutes.

4.) Benton Snail Bee High Content Essence. 

5.) Clinique Acne Solutions Emergency Gel Lotion on any active pimples.

6.) Light layer of Cerave in the tub.

7.) Neutrogena Dry Touch Sunscreen spf 30.


PM - 

1.) Makeup remover wipe.
 
2.) OCM with sunflower oil.

3.) Cleanse with Cerave Foaming Cleanser.

4.) Thayer's Witch Hazel.

5.) Alpha Hydrox, 10% Glycolic Acid

6.) Benton Snail Bee High Content Essence.

7.) Clinique Acne Solutions Emergency Gel Lotion on active pimples. 

8.) Cerave in the tub.

9.) Thin layer of Vaseline. 


Questions: 

Can someone check that the order of my products is okay? I recently added in the witch hazel, is it okay to use that twice a day, and do I use it right after cleansing? 

Also, when should I use my Benton Snail Bee? I've been using it after I wait for my AHA or BHA. 

I bought neem oil because I heard it was good for acne. If I use it with sunflower oil as my OCM, will it help with acne? Or do I need to apply it directly to spots? I guess what I'm saying is how do I get the most benefit from it? I've heard people mix it with their moisturizer which I have tried. 

Also, I haven't really noticed any different in my acne since using the BHA and AHA, but I have noticed a definite change in the feel of my skin. Do I just need to keep using them? My skin feels so much nicer, and if I skip my AHA at night I can definitely tell the next day. But as far as appearance goes I don't see a difference. Would it be worth it to try the Paula's choice BHA or AHA? Or are the products I'm using pretty comparable? 

Sorry for the book. I'm trying to be patient with my skin. I take good care of it now, and have been for the past 3 months or so, and other than the feel of my skin I honestly can't tell a difference. If I started incorporating more exercise into my life, would that potentially help my skin? Is there any research to suggest that better fitness helps skin at all? That's one thing I could try along with getting more vitamins in my diet because I eat pretty terrible. 

Thanks for the help!! 




 Thanks for the info! What does androgenic activity mean if you don't mind me asking?  




 Oh good advice! Thanks!  




 That's good, I'm hoping that will be the case for me too.  Thanks for the help.  




 Thanks, I'll do that!  




 Thanks! I always knew it could help but didn't know it could make it worse.  




 Oh no :( I'll have to talk to my doctor at the appointment. I've been on three different types of birth control but none have broken me out, so hopefully I won't have issues, but I am older now so who knows... Thanks for the input.  




 I am considering starting on the pill, but I am a little concerned that the hormonal changes might affect my skin somehow. I have pretty mild acne and I only get really bad pimples during my period. When I used to be on birth control, I don't remember if it made my skin any better but it didn't make it worse. 

However, I'm going to be taking a different brand of pill, so is there any chance it could cause me to break out? What are your experiences with birth control and acne, positive and negative? 

Thanks! 




 Well the reason I kept using it was because it was also a lotion and supposedly very hydrating, with the hyaluronic acid in it. So is it still okay to use? I understand I'm not getting any boosted effect. 

Yeah, the sugar will probably be too much for my skin. I'm already doing an AHA and a BHA but I want my skin smoother... Maybe I should just give it time. 

Oh, also, if it's a product, how do I tell which one? I added neem oil and the hado labo sunscreen around the time I started breaking out, but a few weeks before that I introduced sunflower oil. And it's weird because it's only on my temple area!  




 Ohgodwhy. I need to stop browsing this sub because I need money leftover for textbooks T_T 




 Your bath and body lotion probably has a lot of fragrance in it which can irritate skin.  I use vaseline intensive moisturizer which is fragrance free. I also use Cerave SA repair cream which helps keep my legs really smooth and exfoliated.  




 So my routine is:
AM - splash face with water, rapid clear acne defense lotion sa 2%, neutrogena spf 30

PM - Ocm with sunflower oil, Thayers witch hazel as toner, alpha hydrox 10% glycolic acid, wait 30 minutes, benton snail bee high content essence, cerave moisturizer, then dab neem oil on spots, then thin layer of vaseline. 

So I have these spots now on the sides of my face, they seem to be slowly fading but they appeared randomly about a week ago. They're like little bumps, possibly closed comedones but some of then I can wipe away with physical exfoliation. What is this? Would any product have caused that? They appeared near my temples and I never get acne there. For the record I change my pillow case every night and use sulfate free everything. 

Also, I bought Hado Labo sunscreen, thinking it was the lotion everyone talks about (it was heavily discounted) but it's only spf 18. Can I use this in addition to my spf 30? Is it okay to layer sunscreen? I just want to get some use out of it. 

What can I use for physical exfoliation? I have the eco tools konjac sponge but it's not abrasive enough, and the studio beauty konjac sponge is too abrasive so I only use it on my body. I always like the microexfoliant from Dermalogica but it's too expensive for me right now. Can I use brown sugar mixed with water or is that a big no no?  




 My boyfriend does the same thing! I think he's just not very observant.  




 I just purchased Thayer's Witch Hazel but I am not sure where to put this in my routine. How do you guys use it? 

Also, how often can I apply a clay mask? The only area I get somewhat oily in is my nose, so I wanted to apply my mint julep mask on my nose more than once a week (also in an effort to reduce my SFs). My routine is below.

So my current routine is as follows:

AM - rinse face, apply Neutrogena Rapid Clear Acne Defense Lotion with 2% SA, wait 15-30 minutes, then apply Cerave in the tub - if dry - then Neutrogena Dry Touch Sunscreen with spf 30.

PM - OCM with sunflower oil, cleanse with Cerave Foaming Cleanser, then apply Alpha Hydrox 10% glycolic acid, wait 30 minutes, apply Benton High Content snail essence (my newest buy!), then I do a mix of neem oil and my cerave moisturizer, then layer with vaseline.

I patch tested everything, introduced one at a time, etc etc. I just started using my neem oil with my moisturizer so I'm excited to see if that helps at all. 

My acne is pretty much at bay (for now), I have one pimple on my lip but I'm doing all the things I can to prevent acne (fresh pillow case every night, SLS-free toothpaste, conquered my obsessive face touching, I don't pick anymore). 

Thanks for the help! 




 Check out the sidebar information on starting a routine. A lot of people like Cerave products. When I first started out with a skincare routine I would remove my makeup with mineral oil, then wash the oil off with Cerave Foaming Cleanser. Then I use Cerave in the tub moisturizer. You can find all of these products at Walgreens or a drugstore. 

It's a lot of trial and error with acne. And it's a learning process! 




 I put on a ton of moisturizer and sleep with vaseline :( And I'm never flaky! My only symptom is itchiness.  




 How can I minimize the itchiness of BP? I find that my Clinique emergency gel spot treatment works really well but after I use it my face itches like crazy the next day. Is there any way to prevent this?  




 Am I the only one who likes the smell? My boyfriend HATES it lol. But I don't mind it!  




 Do you have oily or dry skin? I would check out the advice in the sidebar. 

My recommendation is finding a gentle cleanser and using that only once a day to prevent drying out your skin. Sometimes Cetaphil can cause breakouts so it might be worth trying something else.  




 How do you keep the vaseline on your face at night? I always end up on my side or my stomach and it's pretty much all gone in the morning so I'm not sure it's really doing much.  




 Damn! I gotta order some next time I put in a purchase on Amazon.  




 Ooooh! I really want to try the super volcanic pore clay mask and all the green tea stuff from innisfree. Everything looks awesome.  




 Dang I should order one after hearing such good reviews!  




 So I did some searching and [this](http://www.amazon.com/Skyroad-Quality-Exfoliating-Mitten-package-/dp/B00CA8ZEIS/ref=sr_1_1?s=hpc ie=UTF8 qid=1408551434 sr=1-1 keywords=italy+cloth) product was recommended for exfoliating KP. I guess you soak in the bath first and then exfoliate. Could be similar to what you'd get using the gloves but it is a Korean product haha.  




 I think it's quite textured, more so than a konjac sponge. But it may depend on the brand. I know I have a studio beauty "konjac sponge" that is not really that, and so rough I can't use it on my face - but it's okay on my body. 

Are you sensitive to tea tree oil? I read of someone having success with using a mix of tea tree oil and a carrier oil on their KP. could be worth a shot. 

Other than that, you could try other chemical exfoliants like glycolic acid or lactic acid. Paula's Choice has a few products made specifically for KP, but I'm not sure on the ingredients. 

Another possibility is neem oil, which is used for some skin conditions like eczema  and I use it for my acne. I have not tried it on my KP but if anything it would be moisturizing. 

I would keep the areas you have KP very very moisturized, and I really love my vaseline intensive care lotion that is fragrance free. And I would try exfoliating the area as much as your skin can tolerate it. Check out exfoliating gloves whenever you're in a drug store next just to get a feel for how the texture is. 

I hope that helps. It gives you a few things to try. I might do a search now for Asian products meant for KP because I'm curious now!  




 What products have you tried?

For my KP my routine is to exfoliate the area when I shower with some exfoliating gloves (I got mine at Walgreens), and then keeping the area shaved. Then I use Cerave SA Renewing Lotion (I believe that's what it's called... It's got salicylic acid in it). I use this at least once a day. I also use vaseline fragrance free moisturizer and avoid any lotions with fragrance as they can irritate KP. 

So I know none of those are Asian products but I have found this routine to be working. The exfoliating has helped immensely and the lotion from Cerave is quite good. I have also heard the Repair Cream from Paula's Choice, the bha, is also very effective for KP but I haven't tried it myself. 

Apparently more people see improvement with a BHA than an AHA with their KP, so if you wanted to find an Asian product I would look for one that is a BHA or has salicylic acid in it. 

Oh, and tight clothing can aggravate KP, as well as scratching or picking at it, so it's best to wear looser fitting clothes whenever possible. I got all this info from a video on YouTube but I can't remember who it was! I hope that helps!  




 I was gonna get the steam cream haha! But I resisted! Maybe in next haul :)  




 Hey I'm new too! Since I'm on a budget I only bought two products initially, the Benton Snail Bee high content essence because I read such good reviews of it on here, and then some sheet masks to have fun with. 

Then I'll probably get some OST C20 to treat my PIH. These will just be added to my current routine, and eventually I'm going to patch test a sunscreen and replace my Neutrogena sunscreen with it. 

So basically I'm adding products in slowly so I can get use out of my old products and patch test new Asian products to improve my routine! 




 Hey guys! I'm new to this subreddit. I have my first order coming soon, I got the Benton Snail Bee High Content Essence and a pack of MBD sheet masks. I'm excited! I am a broke college student so this is a dangerous addiction lol. I'm already filling up my amazon wishlist with other products to try! I really want to get OCT C20 to help my PIH. 

Today is a really lazy day for me, since I have about a week of winter break left until school. I should really stop buying things so I can pay off my tuition lol...  




 Thanks! I'm not sure what the acne is even after looking at the guide. I'll have to do more research into it.  




 I would use it once or twice a week or as much as your skin can tolerate it.  




 My current routine is:

AM - Splash face with water, Neutrogena rapid clear acne lotion with 2% SA, wait around 10-15 minutes, and then neutrogena dry touch sunscreen SPF 30.

PM - Remove makeup with mineral oil or a makeup wipe. Oil cleanse with mix of neem oil and sunflower oil, wipe off with microfiber cloth. If I feel dirty still I will use my Cerave foaming cleanser after the oil cleanse. Then I apply Alpha Hydrox 10% glycolic acid and wait 30 minutes. Then I apply my clinique emergency gel with 10% BP on any acne spots and wait 10-15 minutes. Then I apply moisturizer and a layer of vaseline.

I haven't been using the BP as much because it leaves my face so itchy the next day!

My question is if I wanted to use neem oil as a spot treatment how would I do so? Do I put it on before my moisturizer or after? I feel like if I use it before my moisturizer then wouldn't my moisturizer wipe it away? Or do I wait to let the oil sink in?

Also, what is it called when you don't have whiteheads or pimples but it's like hard plugs in my pores? If I pop them they come out as hard bits of I assume sebum or something. If I pop them they go away very quickly but if I don't it feels like they're on my face forever. What can I do about this? 




 Baha I got a good chuckle out of the whole shoving fruit up your ass!  




 Yeah they're plastic, but if you want you could use like regular gloves. Just whatever will keep the vaseline on your hands! 




 I want to record my skincare regime so that I can pinpoint what is most effective, but I'm not sure how to do so. Does anyone else do this? How do you organize it? 

At this point I'm just writing down what I did each night, but I'd rather have something more organized. Any ideas?  




 Yeah, I'm pretty much the same way. More stress = more acne. I have pretty bad anxiety so I'm taking medication (I'm taking 50mg of sertaline for anxiety/depression) and it's reduced some stress. 

So my only suggestion is to reduce the anxiety somehow, either through lifestyle changes or medication. Also, you should try to get 8 hours of sleep - I started taking melatonin at night since I sometimes have trouble getting to bed on time.  




 Do you use any kind of moisturizer on your hands? Any time I wash my hands I use a moisturizer. 

At night you can apply a moisturizer and then apply vaseline + gloves (I use the plastic ones) and you'll wake up with super smooth hands! 




 Parents can be super cruel. My mom was like this when I was in high school and for a teenager I had pretty moderate acne. I scrubbed my face so hard after she told me I had gross blackheads on my nose (which turned out to be just sebaceous filaments, which are normal), I was left with just a giant scab on my nose. Ugh. 

Sometimes oil production occurs because you are not moisturizing your face enough. You could try not washing your face in the morning and just using water, then your moisturizer. 

You could also try doing a mask weekly if you aren't already! I really love my Aztec Healing Clay and my Mint Julep mask. Those are both good for oily skin types. 

Good luck, don't let your parents get you down. Keep hanging out with your awesome friends! 




 It's SLS, or sodium lauryl sulfate. Sensodyne toothpaste doesn't have that ingredient so I use it now! 




 My boyfriend will just be like "boobs!" and then go back to what he was doing haha.  




 Lol true. My bf brought me chocolate cake during my period. And he even bought me the right tampons, such a keeper.  




 I have, yeah, which is why I was looking into the super serum because it has both vitamin C and niancinamide. But I'm also using the Alpha Hydrox and SA 2% with not a lot of change :( 




 My current routine is:

AM - Splash face with water, Neutrogena rapid clear acne lotion with 2% SA, wait around 10-15 minutes, and then neutrogena dry touch sunscreen SPF 30.

PM - Remove makeup with mineral oil or a makeup wipe. Oil cleanse with mix of neem oil and sunflower oil, wipe off with microfiber cloth. If I feel dirty still I will use my Cerave foaming cleanser after the oil cleanse. Then I apply Alpha Hydrox 10% glycolic acid and wait 30 minutes. Then I apply my clinique emergency gel with 10% BP on any acne spots and wait 10-15 minutes. Then I apply moisturizer and a layer of vaseline. 

This routine specifically has been used for about 2 weeks, but I have been doing a skin routine similar to this for a couple of months. I included one product at a time and patch tested everything.

My issue is with my PIH. I don't feel like it's fading at all. My acne is generally gone, I only have issues with acne on my jawline that I believe is because I have a problem resting my chin in my hands. My only problem is I have a lot of PIH and it's really frustrating. What else can I do to fade it? I have been using a combo of some kind of AHA and 2% SA for a month or two. 

I have been considering getting a serum, like the super serum from Silk Naturals. Would this help with the PIH?

Also, for my body I am using the SA renewing lotion from Cerave in the morning and then either my Amlactin or my Alpha Hydrox at night to exfoliate and keep my KP at bay. What else can I do for my KP/bumpy skin? How often can I exfoliate my body physically? Thank you!!! 




 What is the difference between KP and regular pores? My legs look okay if you're a few feet away but if you look close they have red spots all over, and they are slightly raised. Is that KP? Or is that what regular legs look like? 

I guess my stupid question is what are pores supposed to look like on your body?? 




 What will a derm do? Would they give you a prescription or would you have to get laser treatment? 




 I had the same question actually, I have bad self-harm scars on my leg. I hope you're all good now! 

The only thing I would suggest is to put sunscreen on the scars if they will be exposed to the sun at all.  




 I did keto for a while and it didn't change anything about my skin :( 




 That study can be found [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/SkincareAddiction/comments/2rupwx/low_glycemic_indexload_diet_is_beneficial_for/).  




 The downvotes are because there isn't a lot of data to back up eating healthier with better skin health. Better overall health, yes, but eating better doesn't necessarily make your skin better. 




 You look so amazing and so much happier! I love how simple your routine is too.  




 Wait, the oil mix works on your KP? How often do you apply it? 




 I've tried a couple of things over the years. You could try stretching before you go to bed, or progressive muscle relaxation, which is where you tense muscles individually and then release the tension. You could add in small amounts of exercise during your day, since the idea is that the more tired your body is the easier it will be to sleep.

I also tend to sleep with some kind of video on that I find relaxing. Lately I've been watching Sims 4 house builds! Videos on Soothetube tend to be quite popular. 

I also suggest taking melatonin, which someone else suggested. This also helps if I take it after waking up in the middle of the night and can't fall back asleep. I would also avoid caffeine any time after the morning. 

Good luck. Creating a before sleep "routine" is often helpful as well, because it cues your brain that it's time to sleep - i.e. brushing your teeth, drinking tea, changing into PJs, etc etc.  




 What product do you use?  




 For the scarring, I would recommend using a chemical exfoliator like an AHA or BHA (you can look in the sidebar for more information). You could also check out the information about PIH, which is the technical term for acne scarring. 

Also, be sure that you are using sunscreen daily because the sun can darken acne scars. 

There's also information on the sidebar about routines for combination skin or oily skin. Good luck! 




 Is it okay to switch up my routine from day to day? All of the products I have used I patch tested and I know they don't break me out, and I introduced them slowly. I basically just switch up the products I use for chemical exfoliation and for treating breakouts. 

Right now I'm interested in fading my PIH and making my skin look more glowy - if that makes sense - so I've looked into some serums like the Silk Naturals Super Serum. Has anyone used this? Does anyone use a serum with Vitamin C and what have the results been like?

Thanks! 




 Definitely not. I did nothing for my skin until I was in my 20s my skin was never that dry! Hopefully you can find the root of the problem.  




 What's your current routine? 

I assume that's PIH, which you can read about in the sidebar. What's usually recommended is adding in an AHA! Also, be sure to wear sunscreen everyday to prevent future spots. 









 I had this problem too, then I tried mixing it with a makeup brush I don't use anymore (it was clean!) and that worked well to get out the clumps. 

It was also recommended to use apple cider vinegar instead of water but I haven't tried it yet.  




 I would experiment with different oils just because coconut oil can cause breakouts. I would start with mineral oil because it's a good starter oil and see how that goes. 

For dryness, a lot of people on here like to put vaseline or aquaphor on their face after their moisturizer, and I find that keeps my skin very smooth. 

I would definitely read up in the sidebar in routines for dry skin!  




 Thanks! I have seen konjac sponges recommended before so I might pick some up. I've seen an ecotools one I believe at target.  




 Hey I did a similar look recently off of a video from Batalash. Is that where you got your inspiration? I love those two colors together! 




 Like the other posters I just apply it once in the morning, as I do wear makeup.  




 Holy crap, this could totally be why I get acne on one side of my face even after changing my pillow cases all the time. Thank you!!! Gonna wash my pillows now. 




 So right now this is my basic routine:


AM: Neutrogena Dry Touch sunscreen spf 30, then occasionally Clinique Acne Solutions Emergency Gel-Lotion (BP 10%) if I have spots.


PM: Remove makeup with sunflower oil, then mix neem and sunflower oil together for oil cleansing, then I use Neutrogenas Rapid Clear Acne Defense Face Lotion (which has salicylic acid in it), wait around for 10-20 minutes, then Cerave in the tub, then a thin layer of vaseline.

Once a week I do a clay mask.

I did patch test and added everything one at a time, this routine has been a big work in progress!

So my question is, my skin has really been looking a lot better, especially since adding the neem oil. I don't really even get spots anymore and my PIH is fading. However, on the sides of my face I'm noticing bumps, and I don't think they are closed comedones because I can scrub them off. What is that? 

Anyway, I'm also wondering if I should add in physical exfoliation to my routine, and if so, what? I do have a Clarisonic but I don't know if that would be too harsh. Can I just use a washcloth?

Thanks!

Edit: I forgot! I also wanted to ask about sheet masks, because I wanted to try them out. Where can I get them, and what kind should I get? My skin is really normal and not really oily or dry, and I have light acne and PIH. I also heard you can use sheet masks as much as you want, is that true? 




 Ahaha this is hilarious! And I thought my boyfriend was bad.  




 I think so. According to the website it says cerave is a humectant (I think) and can be drying so following it with an occlusive is a good idea. I thought it was from my BP but I stopped using it and it still happened. So I just put vaseline on top and my lids are much nicer.  




 Oh my god this picture is hilarious.  




 Wow that makeup is killer! Awesome job.  




 Flaky in my eyelid crease.  




 I do, but I had issues with my Cerave making my eyelids dry, so I follow up the moisturizer with a small amount of vaseline. For whatever reason my eyelids dry out like that, not sure if it's because it's winter.  




 I have ringing in just my left ear but I've always had issues with it not draining properly. I do notice that when I'm very anxious that ear does ring, but it isn't constant.  




 Do you have anyone close to you who knows you have anxiety? You could have them call for you or have them come to your appointment. 

It's the first step but it's often the hardest. Good luck!  




 Thanks! I have am-lactin body lotion at home, I do find it makes my legs smooth but it smells bad to me. I will check out that shave gel too! 




 Do you wax them at home or get it done professionally? 

I'll check out that moisturizer! Thanks!  




