 Income equality doesn't mean both the CEO and the cashiers make the same amount. It means their income goes up the same amount.

If the CEO sees a 5% increase in pay, so should the cashiers. If only people at the top see their incomes go up, the people at the bottom have to make do with less and less. More money ends up in the hands of the richest people. 




  Do Reddit liberals in /r/politics honestly think Bernie Sanders can win a national election?

No, but I'm voting for him anyway in the primaries. 




 FMU? 




 I have never seen an issue so perfect to be neutral over. 




 DNA tests not done by professionals are inadmissible in court.

Even if the father can't get a DNA sample from the child, he can still request that the courts order one if he has reason to believe he isn't the father. 




 USA, Ohio.

Not comfortable giving county. I never get any more specific than state online.

This was also back in the late 80s. 




 I just looked at my birth certificate. Both of my parents' signatures appear on it. They were also unmarried at the time. 




 To be fair, is it really pocket money if you're ordered to only spend it on food? That's not what pocket money is. 




 I refuse to buy jeans anywhere but Goodwill. $6 jeans, yeah! 




 Months? Eww, eww. I wear jeans for two days tops before washing them. 




 True, but if you want to know before your missed period, a more expensive one with a sensitive hcg reading is a must.  




 Suave gives me a horrible rash though. 




 I bought my purse for $4.50 at Goodwill. 




 My hair would be a mess of grease.  




 Depends on the food item. 




 If you can prove via DNA shortly after birth before you sign the birth certificate that you aren't the father, you're off the hook. 

You only might be ordered to pay child support if you acted the role of a father towards the child for a period of time, even if it isn't yours. 

Not sure what Vasegel has to do with it, unless you know you can't be the father because of it. That would prompt you to order a DNA test. 




 Several breeds have been raised as food forever, such as the Nureongi. They were *always* food in Korea. 




 What do you mean? 




 You can lose everything even if you have insurance.  




 He seems to be doing okay. He's quickly gaining on Hillary in the polls.

Sadly, I don't see Sanders getting the nomination, but many Americans like him. 




 Why? 




 Dogs are considered pests that over-breed and cause havoc in many places. India is one. 




 Even if it was 100K years ago, humans evolved to be the way we are now long before dogs evolved. We created them, but we didn't evolve with them. Our evolution was already "done" before we created dogs.

Also, we didn't create dogs to be our pets. We created them as work animals. Some people back then may have viewed them as pets, but overall they were work animals, not companions.  




 Damn. Where do you live?

My cat had that issue more than once (plus an extended vet stay each time) growing up and I'm pretty sure it didn't cost nearly that much because if it did my parents would have just put him down.

 




 My cat ate the cheapest shit you could find (my parents were responsible for buying her food from early on since I got her when I was a kid, and by the time I got old enough to afford to buy her food she wouldn't touch anything but the stuff she ate for years) and she lived to be 18.

She never visited the vet except for routine stuff.

I'm sure this isn't the norm, but it happened. My new kitten gets better food. 




 Tampons and pads.

But I use a cup now, so it's moot.

Also: Tide laundry detergent (smells so good and cleans so well), shower supplies 




 Falling and hitting my head. 




 We all know SRS's feelings about a "financial abortion" option for men. Their argument is that women are just exercising their rights over their bodies, but men are abandoning their children.

Okay, let's say that someday artificial uteruses become possible. Fetuses can be easily transplanted from a real uterus to an artificial one in a lab. Let's say abortion is still contested in many places and personhood amendments are still being pushed. 

As a compromise it's suggested that abortion be made illegal, but transplanting fetuses into an artificial womb is made free and is easily attained. Even publicly funded. Pro-life people get their way (no more murdering babies, as they see it) and women still have complete control over their bodies.

Now, once the fetus becomes full term three things can happen. One: Both parents sign it out and assume responsibility. Two: Both consent to adopting it out. Three: One parent signs it out, and if the other doesn't want to, they're ordered to pay child support to the parent who takes custody.

This makes it possible that both men and women might end up being financially responsible for a child they didn't want and never had any way to escape paying for it for 18+ years once conception happened. 

Now, the fun part: What's SRS's reaction to this proposed law?

"OMG, men are always wanting women to assume the role as mothers no matter what else she wants to do with her life!"

"I know, now women might end up not reaching their full potential as members of society because they have the responsibility of paying for a child they didn't consent to."

"Doesn't anyone in this patriarchy care that some women who were raped might end up paying child support to her rapist?" (The way SRS currently doesn't care if this happens to men)

"Of course, now we're back to parenthood by chance, not by choice. We're always taking choices away from women."

"What if a man intentionally gets a woman pregnant so she has no option but to pay him to support a child he wants but she doesn't? Does the woman have no recourse?"

For the record, I'd be against such a law. I don't think anyone should be made to be a parent if they don't want. But we all know what SRS would do. Have fun! 




 Many musicians have done their best work while stoned, so is music a crappy thing to study? 




 I think the joke is that being drunk tends to make you more insightful in some ways, like being high. 




 I was mocking them. 




 Pigs tend to be smarter than dogs. Do you eat pork? 




 Mice are self aware. Is it wrong to kill one? 




 As someone who has kept chickens, they can and do form bonds with humans. 




 Dogs evolved 34K years ago at the earliest. Humans have been around for over 200K years. We were around for quite a long time before they were.

Many cultures ate them then too.  




 ...and? 




 http://www.thelocal.se/20130110/45536 




 Rape is a first world problem. 




 "Meh" on progress! 




 Any man who's been raped. Doesn't matter by who. 




 Family planning is part of that "don't breed them" plan. 




 People under 18 have no representation in government. It's reprehensible to discriminate against them like that when they have no recourse.

If they're working a job, they deserve the same pay everyone else working that job gets. 




 People under 18 deserve the same amount others are making for the same job.

It's extremely shitty to do that to a group of people who have no representation in government anyway. 




 Same for me. 




 Having sex. 




 Why? 




 Is it okay to cut a cat's fur with scissors if the cat is dead?

Because my cat was dead when I did. *sniff* 




 Damn nature you scary. 




 But I failed kindergarten (reading skills were bad) so add six to mine. 




 I've have a little more respect for women's studies if it actually taught critical thinking and reasoning skills. Instead it seems to turn out SRS-like people. 




 You claim talking about it on a private subreddit is bullying, if we mentioned it to your faces you'd *really* complain about bullying. 




 Actually, yes, all Muslim countries that circumcise girls also circumcise boys.

There's only one place where only one gender is circumcised...the west. And Israel.  




 They aren't oppressive at all if it's what you want. Women can make decisions without it being social conditioning.

I'd *love* to be a housewife. I hate working a job and find housework much less miserable. I'd even be okay with my husband being in charge to go along with it because I don't care much about making those decisions either.

The less complicated my life is, the better. It has nothing to do with my gender. If a man wanted to be a househusband for the same reasons, I wouldn't blame him. 




  I also hate that all the women's subreddits are a huge pro-choice circlejerk, and anyone who has anything to say other than "abortion yaaaaay you go gurl" gets downvoted to hell. Not all women think abortion is the bees knees; everyone should get a say.

I'm pro-choice, but this is why I think the argument that, "If men could get pregnant, abortion would be in the Constitution" is the biggest load of bullshit I've ever heard. Not everyone who is against abortion just wants to control women. 




 Why? I never got the point of make-up. 




 Which could very easily be the entire reason she was decapitated. If you can't ID the victim, you aren't going to find the guilty party. 




 I sometime fantasize about punching people that I hate.

I'm obviously dangerous and a psycho. 




 The thought of something being shoved into my cervix...*twitch* 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Louis_Jane_Doe

The St. Louis Jane Doe is an unidentified girl who was found murdered on February 28, 1983 in St. Louis, St. Louis County, Missouri. She has also been nicknamed "Hope" and the "Little Jane Doe."[1] The victim was estimated to be between eight and eleven when she was murdered, presumably by strangulation. The victim had also been decapitated and raped; the brutality of the crime has led to national attention.

Reading about how [Vernon Brown](http://www.clarkprosecutor.org/html/death/US/brown967.htm) killed his victims, I believe it's very possible she was one of his victims.

This case has always got to me because I always have a hard time understanding how a child goes without being identified. To think she might not have had family looking for her.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzNt6YfGNX4

Here is a video that shows the only photo I know of of the body. It isn't graphic, it's only a photo of her hands tied behind her, but  knowing the context makes it 100X worse. 




 Can't she take in sewing or washing? 




 I dislike being naked. 




 IUDs sound horrible. 




  I'm just always so flabbergasted when people who are doing things they're not into feel the need to tell me my way is bad or selfish or unfair or THE LITERAL WORST.

I give blowjobs even though I dislike them and the fact that you don't...totally doesn't interest me. 




  That I'm not allowed to request or receive sex while I'm asleep.

This too. It drives me nuts. I told my boyfriend he's allowed to have sex with me when I'm asleep, drunk, high, whatever. I don't care. And he has. Every single time I mention it here, a few people at least always insist I've been raped. Rape is sex without consent. I gave consent long before when I said it was okay with me.

If I don't care, why do you? If I did start caring, I'd say something to him. 




 Getting your underwear in a twist over gendered insults. 




 Are you aware that men get paid more than women?

On average. Not for the same job.

Are you aware that the work women do is consistently devalued not just on the individual level but on a massive scale that sees industries start to pay less and less as women take more and more jobs in them? 

Citation needed.

Are you aware that computer programming as an industry gained not just prestige but MASSIVE wage increases when men began to move in and take the jobs that were previously held by women?

Citation needed.

Are you aware that there’s a huge wealth gap between men and women?

23 cents on average. And not for the same job.

Are you aware of the pink tax,  whereby products intended for women consistently cost more than products intended for men despite costing the same to produce and despite women as a class having far less money than men as a class?

Products for women tend to have more going on and cost more to make. But we all know women are so brainwashed and helpless they can't just buy the men's products, right?

re you aware that women are socially sanctioned for not owning a wider selection of clothes than men, and that women’s clothes are more expensive? 

Have you ever seen what a man's suit costs? Also, thrift shops have a lot of clothes for women and not much for men. My wardrobe cost a lot less than my boyfriend's.

Are you aware that women are socially sanctioned for not wearing makeup, something else that costs a lot of money, or shaving much larger parts of their bodies than men, which causes us to go through our (more expensive) razors/razor blades faster than men?

I have never worn make-up and I have never heard anything about it. Also, I know of no job that isn't sex related that requires women to shave. Jobs that require men to shave? Quite a few.

Are you aware that women’s hygeine products are more expensive and that we’re socially sanctioned for not having long hair, something that requires, again, specific and frequently expensive products to upkeep? 

I know of no job that requires women to have long hair. However, many jobs require men to have short hair. My boyfriend had to cut his long, beautiful hair because of this. Also, many hygiene products are unisex if you think women's are that expensive.

Are you aware that these social sanctions don’t end with social ramifications, but can actually make the difference between a woman getting hired, fired, or getting a pay rise, because women who don’t perform femininity in socially accepted ways are considered less “professional”?

Citation needed.

Are you aware that in order to have sex without ending up solely responsible for a child, women who are capable of pregnancy pay huge amounts of money for birth control and/or abortions, which aren’t covered under many insurance policies while the pills cis men need to get erections is covered much more often?

Because court mandated child support no real! A woman will always end up solely responsible! Also, aren't birth control pills required to be covered now as part of Obamacare? As for expensive abortions, that really is an issue. 

Are you aware that a man is more likely to be hired if potential employers know he has children, but that a woman is less likely to be hired if potential employers know she has children?

Which is why employers can't legally ask this question.

Are you aware that women have much less available money because we start off being paid less by our jobs and we’re expected to pay more as the rent for existing in the world as a woman?

See above refutations. 

Are you aware that despite all this, not all feminists expect men to pay for our meals on a date? Are you aware that not every feminist is even interested in dating men? Are you aware that not every woman is a feminist, and the women you’re dating aren’t automatically trying to abolish gender roles just because they’re women?

Listen here why I list reasons you should pay for my food because I have no money while I insist some feminists don't want men to pay for their food (which is true).

Are you aware that you are looking at a population of people who face significantly higher rates of harrassment, abuse, and rape

Men are far more likely to be victims of assault and homicide, but when is that ever mentioned among these people? They only mention it when women are more likely to have something bad happen.

a population who is paid less and expected to pay more, a population who is tightly restricted by gender roles that expect us to do unpaid emotional and domestic labour for men like you who see it as your due

Because men don't do housework ever.

and your first fucking question is why our very top priority isn’t making sure you don’t have to pay a little extra on a goddamned date?

"Pay for my food, damn it! I'm oppressed!"

 




 What's wrong with this quote, exactly? He's just saying if enough people don't like Reddit's changes, they'll find something better and Reddit will go under eventually.

Pao's rule goes, but she has to keep her users happy to stay successful. 




 The last thing I want is to tell people in dangerous jobs its okay to get high at any time if their job is dangerous, at home or at work

How is their being high at home dangerous at all no matter what their job is? They aren't doing their job from home. As long as they don't go into work under the influence, I don't care. 

If you come to a dangerous job hungover, they usually send you packing. Same should go for weed, legal or not.

But you aren't fired Monday because of a can of beer you had Friday after work. You shouldn't be fired Monday because you had a joint Friday night. That's none of your boss's business.

If you come to work hungover on anything, you should be fired. But just because you partake when you're off work doesn't mean you come in high or hungover. Hell, I got drunk last night. But I wasn't drunk or even hung over coming into work today. 




 Yes, and for the most part I see nothing wrong. 




 Who mentioned forced abortions? 




 It's referring to a "financial abortion" which would have to be decided very early in the woman's pregnancy. 

A man wouldn't be able to suddenly walk out while the woman is giving birth.

  




 You can accept that someone is circumcised and still think it's mutilation.

My boyfriend is circumcised. I pay plenty of attention to his penis and we have fun with it, but I still think it ought to be illegal to do it to a child for any reason other than medical. 




 Every single developed country besides the USA has mandated sick leave, and businesses still exist and do well. 




 Here I am, sitting in America, with no paid sick leave. 




 Because in countries with a high minimum wage due to collective bargaining, we see mostly automation, right?

There's no employees to be seen in any McDonalds in Sweden! 




 I have to say this is in a large part true, but that doesn't really mean anything. You still have to care for people even if they require more than they give. It's part of living in a society. 




 Why? 




 The boss doesn't have to give 12 weeks off. Just one unpaid day to give birth is mandated. 




 They have to give you one unpaid day to give birth. 




 Drugs.

The doctor gave me wonderful fast-acting pills. 




 Nope. No mandated vacation time in America. Your boss doesn't have to give you any time off. 




 Unfortunately, the 1st amendment specifies religious freedom. So, these fundamental bigots can write their bigotry into law.

The 1st amendment species religious freedom for individuals. The Establishment Clause makes it unconstitutional to put religion into law. 




 I'd have been so tempted to push that guy over. 




 Couldn't social conditioning have anything to do with it? Women have always been told it's best they stay at home with the kids and the fathers have to work, so it's a hangover from the past influencing those choices. You'd have to show me something women are overall better parents.

And your source shows that the number of men staying home by choice to care for the family is increasing and the number of men who do it because they're ill is decreasing. 




 Turns out, it's a legit whale watching community that's over 2 years old.

HAHAHAHAHA!

https://archive.is/nsZKC 




 HAHAHAHAHA!

Love it. 




 Your leave pay isn't as much as your regular pay, so if you want to try to survive on that with multiple kids, be my guest. 




 Not here in America. 




 If the person's mouth is open, it would be a lot easier. 




 Any citations for any of this? 




 Most women aren't strong enough to break someone's jaw? I think you're overestimating how hard it is to break a bone. 




 I am thin, but eat like shit and don't exercise. I do it by not eating a lot when I do eat. 




 Normal. I'd like to keep it that way. BMI of 20. 




 What if a man slaps a woman without a lot of force? Is that the same as a woman slapping a man hard?

I remember a man on Reddit mentioning his girlfriend broke his jaw, and the response was, "A woman broke your jaw? Are you some sort of weakling?"

Women are perfectly capable of causing serious harm. 




 That completely depends on how hard you hit someone.

I remember a man on Reddit mentioning his girlfriend broke his jaw, and the response was, "A woman broke your jaw? Are you some sort of weakling?"

Women are perfectly capable of causing serious harm. 




 Yeah and clearly we're talking about a human being capable of breathing.

But it isn't, and won't for a good long time.

Baby trees are called saplings, which very much are trees. In fact, the seed itself is what results from pollination so your analogy isn't even looking at the right stage.

Saplings aren't the same as sprouts. And my analogy is in the right stage. Seed = blastocyst that must be implanted after the sperm and egg meet. The sprout would be the fetus. Sapling would be the child.

It's a human being, period.

Citation needed.

Stop trying to belittle it so you can easily dismiss it.

Even if I thought it was a human being, I'd still be pro-choice because you can't use someone else's body against their will even as a human being.

Abortion legality has nothing to do with morality, but you've gotten so drawn in to that debate with pro-lifers that you've decided if it must be about morality then you'll just eliminate the part that brings morality into question: personhood.

Or maybe I just don't believe it's a human being? 




  From my estimation, FPH was approximately 60% skinnyfats who don't exercise or eat well themselves (for whatever reason) despite the supposed focus on health, and about 40% former-fatties/reddit-inspired gymrats who can only keep themselves from gaining it back by shaming themselves and others.

*Many* people on FPH admitting to not exercising much or eating well. This wasn't some well guarded secret. In fact, it was used to make the point that portion control was most of weight loss. 

The focus on health was a subset of FPH. Not everyone there cared about working out. 




 I loved FPH. I'm not mad. I'm amused. 




 I agree with you, but I downvote anyone who says, "I'm going to be downvoted, but..." 




 As someone who frequented FPH, harassment was actually against the rules. You had to blur out the identifying info from any screenshots you posted so others couldn't find them as well.

I have no doubt some people probably were harassing fat people on Reddit, but doing it as a group from FPH could get you banned. I remember reading that rule on the sidebar many times. 




 I frequent that sub. My response was, "Heh, get ready for a whack-a-mole game Reddit." 




 TRP is a hive of stupidity, but I've never understood the desire to ban people you disagree with. Grow up. 




 Any source for this?

The mods wouldn't have made it against the rules if they were going to do it. What would be the point? 




 I might need someone to alert me to what the new FPH is. I have trouble finding it sometimes. 




 The breathing movements mean it would be if not for it's environment. I don't know how you can't see the fallacy in your argument.

The definition of breathing isn't, "Taking air inside the lungs and expelling it, or would be if in the right environment." It's, "Taking air inside the lungs and expelling it."

I didn't say anything about human life, I said human being. Nice deflection though.

It isn't a human being any more than a seed with a sprout is a tree. 




 Breathing means taking air into and out of the lungs. A fetus isn't doing that.

Is it human life? Sure. But so is a blastocyst and it isn't a person. 




 The mother is breathing then. The fetus still isn't.

Breathing movements aren't breathing. 




 This men's rights activist? 




 This was actually against the rules, and anyone who did so would have been banned. 




 And then afterwards have 3-4 kids to raise, which costs a fortune.

If this is an issue, then why are birth rates falling even in countries that have mandatory parental leave for parents?

Having kids just for parental leave isn't practical and costs you a lot more in the long run. 




 Trolls are making it here now? 




 26 and it still hasn't happened.

Living is freaking expensive. I go to school and do work study. 




 I...see nothing morally wrong with this. 




 I was on medication that most likely caused the fetus to abort.

If a fetus is a child, this is involuntary manslaughter and I'd be charged.

That's why it makes no sense to call abortion murder. 




 This MRA is teaching you that it should be up to the individual parents who works and who stays home with the kid.

So there, repeat something different that a MRA taught you. 




 So...most of the world besides America? 




 Your leave is only a percentage of your pay, so good luck trying to survive on that with multiple kids.

 




 Your leave is only a percentage of your pay, so good luck trying to survive on that with multiple kids. 




 Pretty sure it's here because it's obviously made up. 




 Is it okay to force someone to do it against their will though? 




 I am very much against forcing a child to hug or kiss anyone.

Way to show how much you disrespect your child. 




 Was my miscarriage involuntary manslaughter?
 




 The right to an abortion is the 14th amendment. It's as much of a right as the 2nd amendment. 




 All fetuses are living things. All blastocysts are living things. All cells are living things.

None of those are breathing. 




 Was my miscarriage involuntary manslaughter?
 




 Was my miscarriage involuntary manslaughter? 




