 I'm a quarter away from getting my Associates in Art (general studies). My original plan was to get an AA with an emphasis in English, which is my school's equivalent of a major. Unfortunately, the job I had at the time was during the day so I wasn't able to take the all the English courses I needed. So I opted for general studies instead. I'm 20 years old now, and I don't know what to major in anymore. I've yet to apply to a single university. 

I had always dreamed of being a writer or editor of some sort, but that was back when I had a passion for reading and writing. After I moved out of my mom's house and started working and going to school, I've probably read 3 or 4 novels. Written a couple pieces of poetry and prose. My writing abilities have suffered immensely, and I've lost most of the passion I had for it. 

Now, when I ask myself what I enjoy doing the most, and what I would never be able to give up, the answer is music. I took up guitar and singing a couple years after I discovered how much I loved reading and writing, and though I don't practice as much as I used to these days, it's what I love to do the most. But I realize it's not a practical career, and I've been told many times over that college is a waste of time for what I'd like to do with music. 

I used to live in LA, and I was playing at cafés and bars at the age of 16. This was because I had a couple connections. Independent labels were approaching me, but I was too naive and still loved writing too much to take them seriously (plus there was drama concerning my mom, which I won't get into). I moved to Seattle a couple years later, and I feel like that time has passed (so have the connections). Moving back to LA right now isn't really an option, either. I've heard the University of Washington has a good music program, but I'm still wary. Has anyone here had a good experience with studying in music/do you know anyone that has?

TDLR; I can't decided if I should major in music, because I've been told it's a waste of time. 




