  we can came much closer to lol

Pretty sure nobody cares about or wants that. If they wanted to play LoL, they'd play LoL. 




 It's 7 minutes already. If it started at 7 and increased as the game progressed, how would you scale that? 

1 minute extra per 10 minutes of game time would lead to buybacks being 12 minutes at 50 minutes. But people rarely buy back in the first 30 of the game anyway. The only reason they do is to get immediately back into an engagement to turn the tide for their team, which is the opposite of what OP is talking about. And that extra 5 minutes isn't really anything.

 




 Aghs Tinker and BF SB are really the only things I see wrong with this. Having faith that his Perseverence is for a Linkens and not Refresher.

No supports on the Dire but that happens in every bracket. 




 No. 




  buy a force staff and push me into a pudge hook or something

I've done similar things unintentionally just trying to be helpful. Oh shit the carry got arrowed, I have a Force Staff, I'll save him! Oh...he was facing the enemies...my bad. 




  The bad thing in that style of gameplay is that it needs skilled team and people willing to co-operate, both lacking from 90% of pub players. 

Not strategies, just specific heroes.

I basically learned how to play Puck from watching s4 do it and then trying him out in pubs after I saw how it was done. Now I laugh at the 3k Pucks that choose him and don't orb over cliffs to escape ganks, or phase shift Assassinates, etc. 

Just an example. You'll also learn what builds are appropriate for what situations from the casters (assuming you're watching good ones) and why. It's something you'll eventually learn by playing, but I learned way faster watching vods.

I never played a game like Dota before this. Closest I came was 4 years of World of Warcraft. My initial calibration when I calibrated back in October 2013 was 1.8k. Rose to 2.2k or so over the next year, but completely stagnated. Since then I've risen to 3.1k, and I can attest a ton of it to watching tournament vods. 




 We know. 




 From what I've seen in my pubs LC is amazing against Crystal Maiden. However, the other 4 heroes shit stomp her. 




 Pretty much this. Everyone knew that after Puppey left NaVi just wasn't going to be the same.  




 Empire taking a (albeit former) NaVi player? Is it April Fools Day or something? 




 Earth Spirit wrecks every hero provided you actually can play him to his full capabilities. I've never tried to learn him, but apparently up in 4-5k he's absolute hell to play against. 




 Currently it's FL!P. This is taken from my handle in pretty much all of my other games which is Candy Flip. A Candy Flip is when you do LSD and MDMA at the same time. Really fun to do, and Candy Flip is a pretty sweet name. Came up with FL!P because there are some people I don't exactly want to explain a drug reference to, and the exclamation point instead of the i is kind of like flipping the i over. I dig it. 




 Probably my favorite Brit song. Womanizer is up there too though. Upvote. 




 She's picked often. Teams usually wait until 4th or 5th pick to get her because if you pick her up too early it gives away your plan and it can be countered. The downside to that is she is also often banned in the last stages because pro teams can see what you're going for and how she would fit into it, and ban her. 




 I learned more from watching pro games than I ever would have learned by just playing the game.

You see pros playing heroes to their full capability. When you see it done, you can replicate it with some practice. If you're 1k, 2k, 3k even MMR you'll rarely see a hero played to it's fullest. 




 Shadow Demon is a support I might start picking against Troll. Disruption/Force Staff to save an ally, Purge goes through BKB. 

Bane's Fiends Grip can lock him down too provided you position yourself well.

The problem with Troll is you need to 5v1 him. And that means the rest of his team, under the benefit of his ult, destroys your team. 




 The instant Skywrath silence is a bigger counter than Kotl. 




 I use it as a mind game. There have been numerous times where I told the enemy team to gg ff mid and we had 4 heroes smoked off to the side, they went in for racks, we surprised them and 5 wiped them, proceeding to get a bunch of gold from comeback mechanics to eventually win the game.

ez mmr 




 Wraith King is great for a 4-turned-core role. Build an early midas to help get your level 16 and some better farm and you're solid. 




 People always insta pick WR when I pick Troll. Okay she can run away from you, big deal. Build MKB - useless WR. If you even need to.

Lina is great against Troll if you play her well. Her Aghs upgrade destroys him, and you can Euls him or yourself to potentially survive if he goes on you in a teamfight. If he bashes you you're fucking dead though.

 




 Maxing Tide is one of those things where it's not what you SHOULD do, but it works well enough to get away with it. 




 Haha actually you're right, especially if you hit it at a slightly wrong angle and ended up trapped inside of the rubble instead of going through. Happened to me a few times. 




 Roaming with carries is generally a bad idea because you should be using that time to be farming up early items, unless you're in a 4 or 5 core lineup where someone else has farm priority.

The best roaming supports, in my opinion, are Earthshaker, Skywrath, Lion, Lina (if the lane has a setup stun), Venomancer with boots first isn't bad if you land the gale, SD/Bane assuming theres lockdown to follow the Disruption/Nightmare. 




 Pocket Abaddons when I play PA are fucking beautiful. 




 It's Eul's that needs a bit of a nerf, not Lina. She just benefits from it massively.

Her Aghs ult is extremely strong right now. I wouldn't say it's too strong, but it's up there for best Aghs upgrade in the game. 




 Depends on where you're laning him. Tidebringer is insane harassment, but it also pushes the wave extremely hard. 

If you're mid or safe lane, you should max torrent and X for kill potential at 6 in my opinion. If you're safe, you don't want to continuously push the lane, if you're mid you're most likely going up against someone with a bottle that can regen through your harassment.

The Tidebringer max isn't useful except for being extremely fucking annoying to play against, and helping you farm in a way. However, Kunkka isn't a hero that you want to be farming that much realistically. Kunkka doesn't rely on items, he relies on proper usage of his skill combinations. A good Kunkka doesn't need tons of farm to be useful, hence why maxing Tidebringer is just annoying for the other team. 




 Icefrog fucked Necro in pubs by putting a support tag on him on his profile. He's not a support at all. Even though his support tag has been removed, a lot of ignorant players still believe him to be a support because of that reason.

Also any hero with a built in heal and that Mek is core on is automatically a support in trash tier players' eyes. 




 That would be retarded.

I think the pick/ban setup in CM could use adjustment though.

What about 3 bans to start (per team), then 2 picks, 1 ban, 2 picks, 1 ban, 1 pick.

We're seeing the same 4 out of 10 heroes picked in the first phase in over 90% of games. This would mean each team gets to ban another hero before they pick their initial 2.

Just a thought. 




 I'm surprised it took Radiant 64 minutes to win that game. 

2000 MMR? 




 PA/Abaddon/CM. Such a deadly trio. Found this out in a 30 minute stomp last night. We took racks at 20 minutes and Abaddon and I (the PA) didn't leave the enemy base until the game was over. 




 He's easy to play, but takes a lot of practice to play well. The combination of your X Marks ability, Torrent and Ghost Ship will take a lot of positioning knowledge and timing practice to be done correctly. Don't get discouraged if you don't land them immediately.

Also, a neat trick, if you're running a bottle, cast X Marks on yourself, TP to base, and you get a free bottle refill when it brings you back. 




 Yeah that's intended. 




 If I'm in ranked I'm trying to win every game.

I don't play unranked except to practice heroes or different builds. 




 IG is one of my favorite teams to watch, have been since before last years TI.

They were actually my pick to win TI4 in the Compendium, but alas they let me down. 




 It's not complicated.

If the DC happens before first blood, and he does not reconnect in 5 minutes, regardless of if first blood happens, the game will not count.

If the DC happens before first blood, then first blood happens, and he reconnects within five minutes, the game will count.

People are stupid. 




 The idea is that if you pick captain, you should be able to play every hero in the pool/that you draft, so if you draft a hero for yourself but one person on your team can only play that hero out of the others that you drafted, you should let them have it and play another hero.

I think if you're queuing for CM in the first place you should be able to play everything, but that apparently isn't the case. 




  If he doesn't have sceptre up

 A early aghs on Doom is so fucking strong

Learn to read. 




 Most good Dooms are buying Tranquils these days and will start with a RoP. If they're concerned about getting ganked or harassed, they'll devour a Wildwing and get the aura. Between the two of those that's +6 armor, for a total of 7 potentially at level 1.

Have fun. 




 I'm 3k and I actually prefer playing at these hours. Generally the players are less skilled and I can take over a game easier. 

Yesterday morning, maybe around 6 AM, I was Enigma and we had a WD on our team. The game was pretty close, I'd say we were in the lead around 35 minutes but it definitely could have gone either way. WD and I were running away from a team fight that we had just lost, followed closely by the 5 members of their team that had survived. We had a PL that got picked off earlier, that was respawning around this time. Radiant bottom lane, where our T1 used to be, I blinked into the trees, WD tried a juke spot. Our PL repsawned, TP'd into the T2 and started running to help us. Their team split into groups of 2 and 3, the 2 went after WD, who promptly casked and Aghs ulted them to death, and the group of 3 thought I TP'd out, so went after our PL. Luckily for me my Black Hole had just come off cooldown, and I BKB blinked into the center of them and used it with the aid of PL.

5 wipe, three of them rage quit. So satisfying. 




 Pick Troll Warlord. Easy MMR. 




 EG.

They'd cut you and ppd would pour salt in your wounds. 




 At least you don't forget you have items.

Can't even begin to count how many times I've forgotten to activate my Satanic. 




  More money won.

Xboct has won 3 times the amount EE has won in Dota 2. 




 Played one against a PL and a Meepo the other day.

Some of the most satisfying echo slams I've ever landed. 




 The players. 




 Can you site your source please 




 From dota2.gamepedia: 

 Juggernaut can perform normal attacks during Blade Fury icon.png Blade Fury, but these attacks will deal no damage to enemies being affected by Blade Fury icon.png Blade Fury.

So if I'm 1v1'ing an enemy hero, my auto attacks will do no damage to them while under they are being affected by Blade Fury. Things like Basher, MKB, Diffusal will still proc though.

Is this correct?

edit: Cool so I got reported in my last game for being correct. I hate people. 




 Depends on your carry. I've been picking AM against jug recently, he omnis me and I just blink away. Spectre can Haunt out of it. Manta Style softens the blow of it on those carries as well as someone like Dusa. Hell you can even build a shadow blade if jug doesn't have a slot for detection.

On the topic of AM though, it really shows how overpowered jug is that he outcarries an AM at every stage of the game with only needing an abyssal. 




 I think you could turn it off, but yeah it was stupid. 

Doesn't change that Most Wanted was my favorite racing game of all time though. I honestly don't think I could find a flaw in that game. The gameplay was perfect, the soundtrack was perfect. I probably played through that like 4 times. 




 Yeah. The best time to gank is when their heroes are at half health due to lane harass, not when they've killed you 2 times and regenerated to full health and mana. 




 Draft nothing but high ground defense with one or two extremely good late game cores (Dusa and Spectre would work). Lose early game, lose all T2s, defend T3s, let comeback mechanics win the game for you. 




  I understand that this was what happened in the TI4 meta

It wasn't even that. Both teams picked early deathball lineups in the finals. Both knew that if they didn't get the extremely early lead, their lineup wasn't going to win. That's why we saw gg's at 20 minutes. 

A huge change in comeback mechanics for the entire game was absolutely not needed based on a pro strategy draft in a tournament finals.

 




 If one player is doing horribly, and are being toxic at the same time, I'll type a simple "wp" into chat every time they do something stupid. But that's all I'll do.

This pisses off the aforementioned player more than directly flaming them, and it does slightly heighten team morale because it's funny watching them get so pissed off.

Does it help you win the game? Not usually. But in what looks to be a sure loss, it helps lighten the blow. 




 God I fucking hate this. A game yesterday had a Troll mid on our team. Easy win right? No, he fucking sucked. As TROLL. Didn't go bottle, didn't go acquila, went directly into Phase/Shadow Blade. 25 minutes in all he had were Phase, SB and a morbid mask. I kept trying to tell him to go solo rosh after 15 minutes and his only response was "play your own hero."

We ended up winning, but definitely not because of him. 




 What I've noticed when people ask for ganks is that they don't ask when it's an opportune time for both parties. They ask when they're losing their lane. 

While you may think this would be the best time to gank, it's really not. If the enemy has an advantage over you, the last thing you should be doing is going to gank their lane and potentially dying because they are so much stronger at that point.

When a side lane feeds 2 kills and demands that I gank, I never do. a 3v2 does not automatically ensure a victory, especially when it's essentially a 2v2 because you got wrecked. 




 The problem is that many heroes in this game are MEANT to excel in the first 20-30 minutes. That's when they're the strongest. These heroes are now punished moreso than before for having their early lead because of an ingame mechanic.

These heroes generally fall off in the late game anyway (Viper, QoP are two examples I can think of immediately). There is no need to punish early game dominators harder simply for dominating, when that's the point of the fucking hero. 




 Some racing games had this same mechanic. If you had a significant lead, the cars behind you went faster to catch up to you. 

It was fucking retarded. 




 What I don't understand is if I queue, click Accept, and can't connect to the game, the home screen tells me the game is safe to leave. So I leave.

Then I'm prevented from matchmaking for 8 minutes for failing to ready up for my game. Okay valve. 




 Just won a 65 minute game because of comeback mechanics. The lineups were:

Drow, WR, Sniper, Timber, Techies on Dire (my team)

vs.

SF, LC, Necro, Invoker, Clock

WR fed SF 3 kills in the first 3 minutes. We lost the early game horrifically. SF bought a really quick BoTs and Shadow Blade, and him and Clock basically went around the map picking off the Drow and Sniper for the next 20 minutes. The only reason we won was because Techies just mined the shit out of the towers and lanes after we lost all T2s around 25 minutes and they couldn't push high ground.

Couple that with the comeback mechanics and synergy between Drow, WR and Sniper (massive damage boost from Drow aura) and we were able to win simply because one kill would give us something like 2k gold and we'd get an item.

We shouldn't have won that game. I'm not complaining necessarily because I got 25 MMR out of it, but without the current comeback mechanics that game would have been over in 35 minutes.

On the flip side, it does slightly prevent a complete mid domination (like this SF over our WR) from ending the game solo. In that case I like it because if 1 of your heroes feeds a ton but the other 4 are doing their job, you're not going to lose because 1 person fed a snow ball hero.

I don't exactly know where I stand with it. On one hand its stupid because if you're in a comfortable lead you should be allowed to win without an in-game mechanic punishing you harder for dying or losing a team fight, but it also slightly prevents snowball heroes from dominating and taking over a game and solo winning in 30 minutes due to a skill disparity, even though that's kind of the point of a snowball hero. 




 Then you run away and make him waste a BKB charge.  




 What? Bloodseeker is fine. Maybe I'm just really good at him, but he was the first hero I ever excelled at and I find him extremely fucking easy to pubstomp with. So easy that I don't even pick him.

Isn't he a Troll counter in a way? Build fast MKB and blade mail, Ult Troll, run at his face, pop blade mail. Troll can't do shit against you. He can TP away, but then I suppose that works too because now Trolls in base instead of raping your entire team. 




 Nobody can complain about the Weaver flair. I win! 




 That aghs ult is so fucking strong. Not overpowered necessarily, but god damn. 




 Eh. I love playing QoP, but I'd pick a Storm Spirit over her any day, and they accomplish pretty much the same goal. 




  They are really good cause no one knows what they do.

That made me chuckle.

But yeah, if you're sub 1k, learn Brood and just avoid fights and push towers. Remember that the point of this game isn't to get as many kills as possible, it's to take the enemies ancient. While the other 9 people are fighting mid at 15 minutes, rat away taking side lane racks and win the game because of it. I highly doubt anyone will buy dust to counter you, and if they do, it'll only be one person. And Brood is a pretty great 1v1'er, so you should be fine.

 100 cs by 15 minutes

That's actually pretty difficult in the trench considering after minute 8 heroes constantly just run at you. If you pick a hero that can rotate to the jungle early then yeah you're fine, but in that case your hero pool is limited. 




 I don't think invis heroes like Clinkz or Riki will ever be super prominent in the meta, simply because you counter invis heroes with a 180 or 200g purchase. 

He's really great pubstomper, but skilled players will rarely be caught out alone because they know to expect a Clinkz looking for them.  




 500 MMR detected 




 If throwing is losing one team fight when you're ahead, that's fucking retarded. 




 Damnit. My dreams are crushed. 




 2k you say?

Brb making my 11 year old half brother a dota account, battle point boosting him to 13 and queuing with him so I can roflstomp OP. 




 If you're radiant you can use the dire camp to pull your creep wave over, which messes with their equilibrium. If you're dire you're pretty SoL just try to not die and get levels and you've done your job. 




 75% win rate with him and I just realized today that the damage, hp and armor didn't scale with points into the ability.

He's too easy. 




 Because you steal stats at a faster rate, increasing your AS/damage at an even higher rate on a hero that has an invisibility ultimate that can't be countered by true sight and gives you faster health regeneration as well coupled with the lifesteal, and bonus movement speed if you don't kill the target during the duration of the Pounce leash.

 




 Play to win in Ranked, play for fun in Unranked is usually what I tell people. 




  Been playing Dota since the Warcraft 3 days

 370 hours racked up in Dota 2

He's not going to be sub 1k. 




 I think all he really needs is base movement speed reduced by 10 and his inherent bash removed, allowing him to build Skull Basher.

This hero does far too much work with just SnY and BKB, as well as being able to scale to the late game incredibly well. He has a built in 3k gold item on a hero whose ult allows him to reach max attack speed. That's kind of stupid. 




 I've wanted to try building MoM on Slark. I've seen people do it in trench tier incorrectly all the time, but if you combine it with orchid that's a fuckton of damage.

SB/Blink in, Orchid, Pounce/Dark Pact, wait for DP damage to stop ticking, activate MoM. 

Retards build MoM and use it before Dark Pact and end up killing themselves, but if you're not bad maybe it could work, especially in conjunction with Shadow Dance because nobody can physically attack you, you'd just need to avoid AoE or point target spells. 




 I don't sympathize with them at all. I'm all for region locking, but Valve won't do it. 




 Damnit I knew that. Must have had a brain fart. 




 Pick Troll Warlord, win game regardless of your team. 




 Because if they don't pick English their queue times are insanely massive most likely. 




 80% of reports I use give me notifications later that action was taken.  




 Pucks not that hard, you just need fast fingers and reflexes. 

If you were implying he's one of the most fun though I agree. 




 Every jug builds MoM this would never happen.

The Troll would dominate it. 




 If nobody picks within the last 3 seconds of the first few rounds I just random. 

We definitely don't need a reward for insta picking heroes. 




 If you start off with a lead, you must proceed to play a perfect game afterwards or else one mistake gives away the advantage you spent the last 10, 20, 30 minutes building. That's fucking retarded. It punishes lineups and heroes that excel early game, even though that's when a large number of heroes in this game are meant to excel.

 It severely punishes players for playing sloppy. and at the same time greatly benefits players for playing well.

While in a way this is true, it's also misleading. One team can play horribly for the first 20 minutes, group up as 5 and get a few pick offs and the game is back to even. 

If you have a lead, you shouldn't have to worry about a mechanic IN THE GAME that allows the losing team to come back easier. 

It's the same premise in some racing video games where the farther you were out in first place, the faster your opponents were able to go to catch up with you. In most of them there was an option to turn this off, but it was stupid as all hell. 




 It applies to all allies around you.

And just as an example, a level 3 Aghs Refresher Zeus ult does 1280 damage before all reductions. 1024 after basic 20% reduction, and 768 after basic reduction + Null Field.

1024-768=256. That's 256 damage you, and all allies around you, aren't taking because of 4 points in passive. 

If you put those points into stats instead, you'd gain 152 health points on just yourself.

If you'd take stats over Null Field, you're wrong.

 




 There's nothing you can do. Just play on and hope they're not in your next game. 




 I was just pointing out that that point doesn't really provide anything. His situation was that he missed the deward. Saying learn how to properly deward indicates you'll be able to properly deward 100% of the time, which is simply not true, and doesn't provide any help to his situation. 




  Laning: when you're playing carry with nukes or other spells that can help your supports get a kill - you should fight enemy offlane when supports initiate, that kill grants much more xp\gold teamwise then 2-5 lasthits you'll make meanwhile.

This is wrong. You should only participate if you're positive you will secure the kill and have communicated so beforehand. Just because a support throws out a stun doesn't mean you need to run away from the wave to follow up stun. 

 Counter-Stacking. If enemy team is making stacks, ask for help for push at your lane then contest those stacks with supports. There were so many games recently with 0-5 enemy offlane tide who gets ravage, participating in 2-2 exchange fight, getting stacks then owning rest of the game. Your supports can't really do much against that.

If you're safe lane and the enemy team is stacking the enemies jungle, there is absolutely no reason you should leave safe lane to help them contest stacks. That's the offlaners job. And if you're contesting ancient stacks with an enemy T1 or T2 still up, have fun getting destroyed when their heroes teleport in to kill you while you contest.
 




 Obviously someone can't read. I called the cops because of the boyfriend beating the mother you fucking twit. 




  learn how to properly deward

Even pros miss dewards.  









 A beginner Bane will constantly misuse Nightmare and Fiends Grip at inappropriate times and get cancelled immediately.

Bane is a hero that if you're picking him without ever seeing the hero played before, you're most likely going to do more harm than good. 




 How the list should be:

Sniper, Viper, Bloodseeker, Nightstalker, Bristleback.

None of these heroes require Blink Daggers, and the only one that requires positioning knowledge is Sniper. The other 4 you can essentially face rush the enemy team and right click to win.

 









  farm, buy items and right click.

Bane carry new meta? Okay. 




 Your responses are astronomically dumber than the question. Good job. 




 This is the only correct answer. 




 Null Field is actually pretty good. It's 20% at level 4 on top of the natural 20% every hero except Visage and Meepo have. 




 As opposed to her odds. 




 Wasn't Secret picking Zai offlane PL with some success? Can't remember specific games though 




  community it selfe gets better.

This will never happen. 




 I've started to drink a beer for every minute there is a pause.

I've also started to develop cirrhosis.  




 Depends on who you stack with. I've stacked with IRL friends that queue ranked and they go in to pick trolling combos or mess around instead of actually trying to win. That's fine if we're queuing unranked, but I don't stack with them any more because if I'm in ranked I'm trying to win, not mess around. 




 Maybe it's different in ranked than unranked. I only play ranked, and in the past month I've maybe been queued with a 3 stack once. Even 2 stacks at my MMR are fairly uncommon. 




 No it doesn't. It just makes it so you can't face rush two heroes and six creeps and spin to win an easy kill at level 2.  




 I used to be one of the early gg'ers if a particular player was doing horribly. I'd never give up, I'd keep trying though. I realized it creates a toxic environment and demoralizes the entire team however.

So now I don't say gg, because that brings down the entire team. I just type a simple "wp" every time that person does something stupid. It's actually been working because the rest of my team finds it kind of funny and lightens the mood in what could be a crushing loss. It also pisses off that particular player more than typing gg does, which is fine because I can then report him if he starts flaming.

Am I wrong to do this? Yeah probably. Oh well. 




 Look on the right side of the screen. 

 New to Dota 2? Start here. 




 I very rarely get matched with people in more than a 2 stack. Guess I'm lucky. 




 I randomed him in a game earlier. Dual safe with a PA against Troll and Omniknight. Had a Nature's Prophet on our team that ported in every time Omni left to check rune. We killed Troll 3 times before 10 minutes.

Then lost the game in 24 minutes because our mid Storm fed their SF 4 kills and they had a Pugna to just mow down our towers.

That's dota for you.

I rarely play Oracle, but it looks like it's a solid pick along side a heavy physical dps carry. 




  go around saving enemies when they are trying to help

 builds an aghs when we have an ns already

Those are individual skill problems. They don't have the skill and knowledge to realize what they're doing on that hero isn't appropriate for their current game.   




 Counter Helix rescale from 100/135/170/205 to 50/115/170/205.

No hero should be able to cut a creep wave at level 2 with two heroes harassing him and walk away having done more damage to the heroes than what he took.  




 The base MS and the bash removal are the only changes out of these he actually needs. All of these will completely destroy the hero. While I wouldn't mind that happening necessarily, it's not an approach you should take. 




 I was thinking that it was because you can't lifesteal from illusions, and while people are saying that, I looked on two different dota 2 wiki's and neither mention that this is true.

It only mentions that illusions don't benefit from lifesteal. Maybe someone has some editing to do. 




 Are you playing in ranked? Because if so, and if you're getting Deso over Euls/Aghs you have every right to be called a noob.

If you're playing in unranked then it doesn't matter. 




 So it does the exact same thing, but as Unit Target instead of Point Target? I don't think that's necessary. 




