 To say so is to imply knowledge of the unknown.

I have a headache now. Thanks. 




 Those two things, aaand we could stop wrapping tiny SD memory cards in gigantic plastic boxes.

Everything we eat is wrapped in plastic. Why? Where is this shortage of oil when I have to sever a fucking artery trying to get some theft-deterring crap off of something I buy? 




 Try to understand why the thought of eating meat makes you sick and go from there.

It's like quitting smoking. I had to reach deep to understand that cigarettes are manufactured by a bunch of assholes that want me to die a slow death and take my money in the process.

Normally I'd get pissed at someone who is trying to kill and rob me, so I went with that. Fuck those guys, and fuck their products.

Disclaimer: I am a cowboy. 




 I swear, everytime I turn around another $200 has gone missing from my wallet.

Dang, buddy. Maybe you ought to buy a gun or something. 




 Maybe that was his training. 




 I like how some people have a sense of humor about this, while some do not.

For example, I wanted to see some jokes about this guy in here. I found some. It was worth having to read through the predictable "discussion" before I got here.



 




 he sits around all day and waits for software updates. 




 While what you say may or may not be true, it's how you say it that makes the difference.

For example, all everyone wants deep down is peace and survival, but people obviously don't know how to say it.

IMHO they should all apologize to each other and cure cancer already. 




 I like how they serve breakfast for lunch on Mondays. 




 For kicks, I can't say it's gotten much better, but school lunch in the US sucks, period unless you have affluenza.. Christ..

Check this out: 

https://www.google.com/search?q=school+lunch+in+norway


Or this:

https://www.google.com/search?q=school+lunch+in+japan


At least the food *looks* appetizing. Too bad [it's contaminated with everything from mercury to radiation](http://www.reuters.com/article/2007/08/01/us-japan-whalemeat-idUST6359120070801).

 




 EVERYONE here is a Monsanto expert. I swear. 




 I think you scared that guy away forever. 




 This should be the top comment.

Dell images don't ship with FF. And they won't until they strike a deal with Mozilla, which is never.
You call in, a tech starts a service request, remotes into your computer and then downloads and installs it for that dumbass customer. The tech then follows up with that retard for a couple of days per Dell policy.
Shit costs money, yo.

Spoken like a true Dell employee. 




 Is nothing sacred? I don't see what the big deal is. If the UK wants to cough up that much money to Dell over this, fine with me. I live in Austin.

Why not just send out a fucking email with a hyperlink to a local copy? How much could that really cost? Aren't we talking about a light bill here? Someone call XKCD. I want answers!

Seriously though.. not all of that money is leaving the Isles. 



 




 It's still bullshit. 




 30 years ago they were still catching big tarpon from the beach. Nobody has even *seen* a sawfish in Texas waters since 1984, and only three have been caught since 1971. There used to be a gigantic species of trout that thrived in the gulf that hasn't been seen there in 50 years. They are only known to live in the Pacific now and keeping one will land you in a Mexican prison. Kings have had a do-not-eat notice out on them for years running, at least out of Corpus, and although catch rates in the gulf are relatively stable, I spent several weekends last May and June at Packery Channel and did not see a *single* king caught, which was incredibly unusual given the tried and true methods used to hook them from the jetties. Kings will probably never be threatened because they are so hardy, but that notion kind of scares me when I see a startling inconsistency in catch rates from prime spots.

It's easy to be optimistic when you can limit out on fishery reds before the sun rises over a laguna, or nail big stripers from a limestone bank at Amistad, but the bigger picture is not just one of dwindling variety but large scale endangerment and extinction of those species that are not actively sustained.

Low expectations are why people don't fish. Anyone can go to a pawn shop and get a rig for $20 or much less.

Not trying to be argumentative btw. Just pointing out some facts that seem to indicate that you need to know what you are doing if you expect to catch dinner.




 




 Much of the problem with south Texas in particular, and this is a bit anecdotal so stick with me for a second, is that for many years during the birth of the nuclear age, radium and uranium mine tailings were dumped into the rivers south of San Antonio, absolutely devastating the PPM life count in those rivers. Source: my biology instructor at Del Mar college. Guy was really close to becoming my step father so I got quite an ear full from him about the whole ordeal. I forget the exact figures but if memory serves the was something like a 98% reduction in this "life count", down to just a couple of hundred PPM between the 40's and the 60's.

Mining is about to destroy the gulf coast. Permits have been granted to resume uranium mining up and down the area, huge swaths spanning multiple watersheds, from just south east of Houston all the way around to the Rio Grande along the shelf.

I only have a moment to get all that out and I'm sorry I don't have good sources for you, but if there is any truth to it, it's still pretty disconcerting if not terrifying.

What can be done? Pretty much nothing. It's gone to hell in a hand basket already.

---

The other half of this radioactive coin is, of course, agricultural runoff that has had 100 years to build up algal populations that when in bloom have the potential to devastate ecosystems, both fresh and salt water. Much of our Texas economy is based on agriculture, and with more mouths to feed and productivity being held in higher regard than eco-friendliness, even if there were a way to put a stop to the mining, runoff would still be there to kill away what's left.

It's a no win situation. Use less chemicals in farming means less production, less money, and ultimately joblessness. No mining, big companies leave an already natural-resource dependent job market, particularly along the gulf coast. I grew up out there and had to leave the area to find decent work, and it breaks my heart to think that I'll never be able to go back with a good enough job to make ends meet without killing myself in the process.

I could be all wrong about this, but it's what I read day in and day out, where I've been down there, what I've seen working in the oil fields and ranches and learned in school with my own eyes that is truly disheartening.

---

Turning it around will involve nothing but a waiting game as more and more environmentally friendly politicians are put into office by an increasing population of people who are increasingly affected by this, for lack of a better word, catastrophe. It's going to take time to get those people there, and then it will be another generation who will perform the cleanup. As science advances technology in this regard at a snail's pace, my conservative estimate is that we'll be catching 10' tarpon in the gulf off of the beach again in about 150 years.

---

This is to say nothing of the tens of thousands of largely unmaintained well heads sitting in the gulf... if you've ever tied off to rigs out there on a bright and sunny day to catch some snapper, you'd notice a sheen or two when the water is calm.
 




 Thanks Vee. 

I don't take the subject lightly, and I base my work schedule on the water conditions 
(screw the weather) around Port Aransas because it's often the only thing to keep me from going postal. If my boss were smart he'd make everyone in the company join the CCA.
 




 As someone who has lived in Texas for 30 years and has spent a few up north, freshwater fishing in Texas is almost pointless. Unless you know exactly where to go, and have a boat to get there, you are not likely to catch anything worth eating unless you spend a week wading around in a polluted river.

Sure there are some huge catfish in our lakes and a fair amount of gar to be had, but let's face it. There are not nearly as many clean spots to fish as there were when I was a kid.

Even the gulf is getting to the point where nothing to be had is worth taking. Sharks are getting smaller and reef fish less common, and things like king mackeral are few and far between.

The fisheries supporting red drum and their kin are all that I have left. When I go fishing I look for these places and do my best to get close to them. Brown tide and weeds and generally poor visibility plague the gulf coast and it's estuaries. Few and far between are the days of green water to see through to the bottom of the jetties.

Amistad has some nice catfish, and I know some record breaking bass anglers. But those catfish take time and they dont always bite, and those anglers are all but strangers.


Sorry.. I just wish more could be done to protect the very water these fish are supposed to live in. For 10,000 years Indians thrived on these wild and untamed rivers and streams. If one were to drink a full glass of water from the Rio Grande you'd probably wind up in the hospital for a week.

---

It's not the lack of tackle keeping me from fishing, it's the lack of FISH.

Interesting. I was in a really shitty mood when I started in on this little rant, but just the thought of going fishing made me feel better... 




 Crazy. I was hit up for an IT job at JP Morgan a while back and told them I'd rather kill myself than work for them.

Looks like I'm not alone. 




 WELL THAT CANT BE GOOD 




 had breakfast there today myself. being from corpus, when i travel i really do start to crave their food. nothing beats a double meat double cheese whataburger jr with bacon and grilled jalepenos and grilled onions.. except two of them. 




 Just goes to show how shitty contemporary music is. 




 i have officially seen it all. 




 Your ad-hominem attack is unfounded. I suspect you have ulterior motives yourself.

What, then, are these protests about? 

Is it too much: 

police brutality,  
police state,  
wealth in the wrong hands,  
taxation,  
corruption,  
oppression,  
government...  no wait that doesn't work. 

Or is it about too little:  
money,  
food,  
work,  
water,  
rights,  
essentials,  
government,  
representation... again, no dice because violence is inherently **about** inequality.

I had to say something and will probably get my ass handed to me, but I'd be interested to see what the motives of violent protesters really are if they are not about being cornerned like an animal at the hands of absolute power. 

Spin it DJ.

 




 If there is a product that is a huge benefit to society, like magic apples that can feed families, then that sort of thing needs to be taken OUT of private hands. Privatizing essentials of this hypothetical nature is an absolutely horrible idea, and it leads to situations to... wait for it... a corporate monopoly. Personally, I'd much rather have accountability, unfortunately government today is anything but. You throw legislation-mandated profit for multimilionaires in there and it becomes a ticking time bomb of a situation. Just look at the price of *everything* we buy from private hands. If it's expensive in private hands, it goes into someone's pocket. If it's expensive in government hands, it's mismanagement of funds.

Shit like Netflix, however, can suck it IMHO, but other things like Wikipedia, using search engines, and things that are generally beneficial/educational should not ever be kept from the public in the name of profit. The problem is, without a completely neutral network it would take a large body of people to constantly sit there and judge what is and what is not acceptable to charge a premium for, so the obvious solution is to let the pipes fill as they will.

I'm not sure what I'm trying to say anymore. It's a complicated issue and I've made a poor analogy, but I can say that I am jaded when it comes to my perception of people all sitting around a television day in and day out instead of reading books, educating themselves, or just getting out in general and doing something positive for the world.

Thanks for the conversation though. I'm in a bit of a bad mood today and am just venting.

---

I don't know why anyone would downvote something like that. It's not like I am really ranting and swearing and being hateful. WTF is wrong with people? It's like once you get down into the depth of a thread people just turn into animals. Jeez. 




 With the right people and the right product, capitalism will provide wealth and jobs.

You know, I keep hearing that. We all do.

I find it morally abbhorent that one can sell life-saving apples at 1000% profit to people who have to save up between each other and split said apple with 10 other's just to get a little nutrition. That is what capitalism boils down to, or at least what it does in practice.

I'm not trying to compare these apples to Netflix, mainly because if nobody ever made another movie or mass produced another record again, you wouldn't catch me sweating it. People need to go outside more anyway. Maybe once petty entertainment is prohibitively expensive, or at least ridiculously difficult to really enjoy, people will start to wake up to the fact that they have been taking it in the ass the whole time; being sold shit they don't need at prices they can't afford. It's mind blowing how brainwashed the masses are, but what's even moreso is the fact that people seem to *know* how stupid they are acting yet seem to want to do nothing about it. It is at this point that I start to have less pity for that huge swath of the consumer entertainment market that will be truly affected by this.


---


I'm pretty sure techies will figure out how to get what they need done. That's just the nature of the beast here as much as lawyers in Congress get the shit they need done long before they go around pretending to care what voters think. 




 I have no idea. I googled for "net neutrality google channel" because I remembered this being posted a long time ago, and quite a few popped up. 




 It's open source software, and not the biggest project at that. Corporate dollars are not flowing into it because it's cheaper to use that source code w/o telling anyone than it is to do the right thing and actually support the project.

---

I don't know how *many* people care about PF, but I can tell you that in the course of my IT career I have seen some surprisingly large implementations of it at some surprisingly common household names. The list would probably really surprise a lot of people.

I personally love PF and wouldn't use anything else to secure an edge for a big network where budget and performance are big concerns. When I am asked what to use, I always point to it when appropriate, and reading this news really breaks my heart. I hope some philanthropist picks up where all these companies that use the software for free have shirked their moral responsiblity. 




 Definitely. Easy for them to produce, and you get some cool art in the process. Last time I bought a CD they sent me an OBSD lanyard and a puffer poster for free out of the blue.

OpenBSD is a wonderful operating system, and I've seen some *really* big implementations of PF not even bump a 0.2 on a load average at peak times. 




 If there is not already a law against that, there will be. Our legislative system is just a big game show to these crooks. "I'd like to buy another law, Pat!"

Capitalism is deeply flawed in this regard. Greed begets greed in this economy, and with every member of congress being spied on, as long as people out there have that kind of potential dirt on them, and as long as corruption in politics is not punished harshly, there is simply no impetus for our government to change a thing about any of this. This is business as usual, except you can't just demolish the Colloseum without expecting the lions to get hungry.

Should be very interesting to see how it plays out, although I think we all know where this is leading.

---

Edit: this is where it's going: http://imgur.com/AwSYTzK 




 Right, because burning dead soldiers is more* like knitting sweaters and petting kittens. 




 No joke. I always wondered why guys like him never ran for president until I realized just how smart they really might be - being cautious there because to me that level of intelligence is kind of unimagineable, kind of like their wealth. If I had that money I'd blow it all on a used naval destroyer (like you can buy one haha..) and do something stupid like try to invade North Korea and free some real slaves. 




 It's interesting when it's effective. Right now "the best country in the world" is drownging in the wake of greed, corruption, and breeding a generation of uneducated slaves that might one day find themselves being rescued from this place by human rights activists operating out of Zimbabwe or something. 




 ooo, this is nice. thanks! 




 That would piss the old man off bigtime. Can't wait to tell him that next time he drags that one out. Thanks haha... 




 Haha yeah you would really like him. He's a lot like you except he's funny and interesting and has had sex with a woman. 




 Seriously miss Winamp after moving to Linux. I wish XMMS had done better, and I *really* wish it had come with something like Winamps AVS. 




 You were expecting something different? I'm not holding my breath to read any headline like "World's richest people pool resources to rid the planet of starvation, disease, and pollution".

Like my dad says, you can wish in one hand and shit in the other - see which fills up faster.

I used to be all "YAAY SAVE THE WORLD :D", but now that I'm older it's more like "fuck, what the fuck just happened?" even though I know the answer to that question. 




 I thought this was an article from the Onion at a glance. My grandpa seriously walks to McDonalds and drinks coffee every morning with his ancient buddies, presumably to holla. 




 Given the technical details, yes, miles seems like a long ways, but I'd imagine an Internet-connected tranceiver next to the mark would be all that's needed to get the data across the globe. I'm fascinated too. 









 but I don't see how a tiny discreet chip could transmit over miles.

Go open up your cell phone and look at the circuit board in it. Now imagine if it didnt need to do anything BUT transmit 1's and 0's over long distances. The actual part that sends and recieves signal is just a few very tiny components. The rest is so you can play Angry Birds and look at Facebook. 




 Probably more like the Sinaloa and the feds are just building a monopoly. 




 GEEZ. If we only had a way to TEST the chemical. I can't wait until we invent science.

Anyone have a link to the MSDS? 




 At its finest? 




 Well this is good news. They shouldn't close the pass though. That's some awesome wade fishing back there. You can walk around in calf deep water barefoot for a long ways. Flounder and trout are everywhere in the flats, and bull reds running through that pass are consistently huge. 

If I owned that place I'd put a jetty and a grill on the water out there.

Yes, a lot of people didn't seem to give a shit about the place with their trash everywhere. Sad state of affairs. 




 I used to love going there, but the place was painful to look at. Completely unmaintained, huge rusted sheets of corrugated steel sticking up where the bulkheads used to be - I mean if you fell on one of these it could literally cut you in half. Not a place for small kids.

The place is out of the way, and as such the fishing there was generally pretty good. From there north to Sabine on that beach is just a toxic waste land after these storms.

So sad. Rollover used to be a yearly stop for me, would stay a few days, drink beer, cook out, and fish for everything the coast line has to offer. I have read that there was a restoration plan for the area, possibly relocating the pass or completely re-engineering the solution. There is just not enough of a tourist economy for the area because it is so remote and torn to pieces now to make financial sense to decision makers I guess. 




 anyone have a link to that pic posted a few years ago of the grackles all over the big bird sign at fiesta on 35? had a friend that lived near there and the noise was insane. there was literally a swath of bird shit 1/4 mile wide in the direction they took off regularly. 




 this is a big no-no. you install phone system, you configure 911 to dial 911. digit matching. it's easy and there are laws.

source: designed hundreds of them and *always* test 911, even if you have to route the call to your cell phone, testing that functionality before walking out the door is a must. 




 physics with.. marine biology? they'd send you to the bottom of the ocean with that kind of paperwork. they might even have you work on projects simulating what it would be like to land on Europa.

physics with.. geology? no - planetary geology! then, you could go to Europa too.

physics with.. mechanical/electrical engineering? you could build the space ship *and* fly it.

go for the gusto, i say.

fwiw, you are probably too smart to be a cop, btw. 




