 You're supposed to stomp? 

I thought it just broke up after a while and went down. 




 I would think not... but... you know, maybe ask? 




 A virus... uh... finds a way... 




 Hold on, let me google that for you...

No, 2 kids. 




 22k since last oil change Hyundai rolls up. 

"Take it to tire kingdom, I'm not touching that."

Loud seizing noises from shop next door. 




 "No, it won't help any."

EDIT: Fun fact, I had a 'mechanical engineer' tell me not to replace his 10k overdue Mercedes air filter because he knew it was fine. 




 Yeah. UP is 6 years old now. So is Fantastic Mr. Fox, The Hurt Locker, and District 9. 

Jaycee Dugard was on the top of the news... yeah WHO? 




 No, that's just a first gen real doll. 




 SOME OF US TAKE LONGER THAN OTHER TO REALIZE WE ONLY WANT MEDIOCRE LIVES OK?! 




 TL;DR

If you're gonna go, go quick. 




 Is there any other way to be?  




 Go back to your fucking hole, dumbass. 




 You don't know how a cock right works, do you? 




 Bro, you should have left yourself some space, bro. 

Bro, chill out bro. 

Sure thing bro-bro. 

Bro, brobro, brobruhbro. Bruhbruhbrobrah. Brosephus, the brostorian, teller of brotales and sayer of brosooths. 




 That's a shame, some of the stuff is pretty cathartic. Like shooting one of those stupid MTV Sweet 16 birthday bitches... 

Or that dude who says bro wayy too much.  




 Light something on fire and inhale the fumes... 

Yeah, completely healthy. 




 In civ ghandi's aggression was set to 0. Then he would choose freedom ideology with came with a -2 aggression setting him to the top of the scale as you couldn't have a negative. It hadn't anything to do with his number of cities.  




 The whole series of CC was on origin for like 10 bucks a few weeks ago. 




 And then that glitch when you left it at reduced funding for a while, your roads went to pot and when you tried to increase funding, it would only go down. 




 Oh man, this whole thread is funny. 




 I like how everyone forgot three rights make a fucking left. 




 Yeah, I figured. 




 Unimproved tiles. Gotta get those done man.  




 I've seen the game drop an icon over a unit on occasion. 

It'll show up at some point.

EDIT: Why is your capital so poorly developed? 




 They could make it so that a garrisoned unit is similar to an unemployed citizen. And then make it so you can buy a unit while another is in the city. 




  in every interview I would read.

How do you get tone from text unless you put it there yourself? 




 Something like an endangered or over-harvested element. 

I dunno. I'm really tired. 




 Oh yeah, piggyback rides. 

:( 




 The problem with your argument is that you are assigning a rare disorder to the larger population. 

That's like saying intelligent people shouldn't have a bias towards them because a small group of them ended up head of a despotic dictatorship. 

The common thread I'm finding here is that you believe bias towards height is unearned and based in genetic phantoms from our African savanna past and that it should be irrelevant. 

I hope you don't like women who have symmetrical faces or slightly wider hips. 




 So again, you're upset because of a slight mass bias towards taller people? 




 'Fresh water' 

Dafuq? 




 What's going on? All I'm seeing is their steam profile. 




 "Not talking about height. I spend most of my time talking about heightism."

So you're mad because people believe that height is a marker for better genetics, or ability to take care of a family? Are you also mad at attractive people for being attractive? 




 Not to mention physical diseases too. 

I never plan on having kids.  




 I haven't been crowdsurfed on, but I feel like this is justification for dropping their ass. 




 Right about 375. 

I'm dense as fuck. 




 It's always one thing or your mother. 




 Yeah, because the doors are about as thick as a crushed soda can. 




 If they ask a stupid question, they should expect a stupid answer.  




 Block party. I like that one. 




 The point is to get people to question what they've been told, why they believe etc. Most people end up believing the religion they grew up in, without truly thinking about what it means. 

And then there are the people who use religion to justify murder, and fuck what those people think. If they want to be irrational asshats, fine, but don't expect me to give any consideration to their feelings. 

What happens when people don't think about what the believe, they become dogmatic and hardliners in getting others to believe, follow, and respect. Extremism begins when you don't allow others to question your beliefs.  




 Still are. 

Fuck that cheap Eagle bullshit. 




 I know what it's like to go through that at a young age. I'm glad you are better now. 

Having experienced depression, did you find it easy to get up and go exercise? Or did you just want to say fuck it and give up, live under your blanket and not do anything?  




 You do realize that it's the equivalent of walking into a game of wheelchair basketball right?  




 Some people drink, some people sleep around, some people do drugs, some people eat as a mechanism to cope with shit. 

I'm going to assume you've never dealt with depression. 




 Depression is fucking shitty. 




 Then that guy needs to be provided with better heat protection. 




 How hard is it to be at the place you said you were going to be at the time you said you were going to be there? 

I absolutely understand that having kids, there was a delay in traffic because some jackass merged into a semi, and the like, but sans shit like that.... you should never be late. 




 And it would have gone right over her head. 




 It's OK, I know what you meant. I don't have an accent either. 

I have a Corolla. 




 "Is PEPSI OK?" 

"Was the fucking holocaust OK?" 




 And then the next night you'd have $4, then $8... 

After 14 nights you'd have $8192

30 nights you'd have more than half a billion. Clearly you'd have to increase the denominations of the bills. You can fit a million in 100's in a plastic grocery bag, a billion on a pallet 6' high.  




 landlocked

has rivers

wut. 




 Lap? I'm not sure it could actually make a full circle on the test track. 




 *subjected to shitty opinions. 




 FourLoko is still legal in east Tennessee. 

I was kind of surprised when I saw that. 




 Civ5, driving, political strategy, drinking massive quantities of alcohol. 




 What business is going to pay X amount to receive Y, which is less money? 

Doing nothing is the least costly option here. 




 "Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, you're cool, and fuck you, I'm out!" 




 Was that because she couldn't run?  




 Looks like a giant winged harbinger of doom.  




 First day of the fall semester of college and a couple of girls are moving into their dorm. 

Girl from Georgia walks in and sees a girl from Connecticut and her mom hanging curtains. 

First girl says "Hey! Where y'all from?"

Second girl rolls her eyes and says "We're from a place that knows to not end a sentence with a preposition." 

First girl says "OK. Where y'all from... cunt?" 




 The paint helps protect against the extreme changes in temperature blah, blah, blah. 

It would be nice to see something in that classy 50's-60's style. I would assume reflective paint is heavier though. 




  He yelled at me and made a motion to signal I not open my mouth.

Appropriate immediate response.

http://i.imgur.com/rpSrKF1.gifv 




 You don't know me, my background or what I believe towards how business and the state should operate. I haven't derided you in anyway, or inserted personal judgments in my statements. I'm looking at this from a logical point, and you keep trying to belittle me through statements that you have no proof for on top of attributing points of view that I haven't expressed. 

Calm down, just because I don't agree with how this might work out, doesn't mean I am Satan incarnate.  




 Pay attention to the words I am using, not the context you think is there. Think of this as monotone as you can make it.

the tax credit is worth less than the amount they would be applying to student loans.
The company gets a $450 dollar tax credit a year if they spend 1,800 a year paying down an employees debt

The company spends more on paying down student loans, than they would receive in tax credit, which (again) would not encourage hiring of new college grads. This requires businesses to spend more than they receive, which they are not inclined to do.

I think that as a means to an end, it's a bit too complex and likely ineffective. 

Just because it's AN answer doesn't make it the BEST answer.  




 Better than Ron Paul. 




 10th grade learning strategies class. 




 This wouldn't encourage businesses to hire college grads because the tax credit is worth less than the amount they would be applying to student loans. 

the point of this is to pay down the loans not give businesses more money.  




 State Legislatures hold most of the control for tuition rates in state schools, University of Florida, or Michigan State are examples. 

Private and for-profit schools need to have their reigns pulled in though, for sure. 




 Its more of remarking on how stupid it is that helping an individual is frowned upon or worse, but helping business is the best thing in the world. 

The idea that they have to go this far around to help pay down student debt because of appearances is ri-goddamn-diculous. 




 I know right? 

/r/60fpsporn  




 Spring is bukakke season. 




 tea_funbags? 




 Of course the UK doesn't win a world cup... 




 I take issue when people say stolen about paying taxes. Its inflammatory and misrepresents the situation. 

I didn't say they were undeserving of the money I said everyone benefits more when we all have the ability to do better on a personal level. Especially the rich.  




 I haven't been here since the war, chroman? generals? 

wut? 




 Unfortunately I think we need to start resorting to pictographs. 




 Two kinds of people. 




 You're forgetting how much it costs to live. A loaf of bread costs the same for everyone, but it is a larger portion of total income to a poor person. 

There's basically a minimum cost of living if you have a place to live and that cost doesn't necessarily increase the more money you make. If you take 5% of someone making 20k versus 100k, the person making 20k has to make harder choices to cut, as opposed to the 100k person. 

The 100k person can still invest, afford property, play and not have to worry about paying the electric, or rent. the 20k person has much less room to save money, which means they can't take the actions that would allow them to increase their wealth like buying property, investing in retirement or the stock market. 

The point isn't that the person making 2mil doesn't deserve it, the point is that we operate more successfully if more people have the opportunity to make 2 mil. 




 Some people just can't math. 




 Its like you should know better than to judge people at like 4.30 in the morning at a donut shop. 

I mean, you probably looked homeless too. 




 The fck is going on? 




 Traffic light near me turns red for no one to spend FUCKING FIVE GODDAMN MINUTES for nonexistent oncoming traffic.

Super heavy traffic in the middle of the day, not a damn soul at 3 in the morning. Someone forgot to turn the timer off for nighttime. 




 Oddly enough, natives are overwhelmingly O and B type blood. 




 I'm not familiar with individual tribes and you should get in touch with the tribal council, they deal with these things on a regular basis. 

However, it would really depend on the tribal hospital having a birth record of the grandmother being born to a native. As in on the birth certificate being born to 'this person' who is a tribe member. 

Then the father has to have his birth certificate updated, and then her birth certificate. Its a pain in the ass, and it will take a while, but it can be worth it. 

I'm getting health insurance for $0 co-pay $0 deductible because I have my certificate of native blood. 




 Fucking fascist. 

Sorry, all this lovey, not hating each other stuff felt a little weird. LOL. 




  they are mostly Native.

I don't believe you. 




  I worked on Steve Southerlands campaign

http://i.imgur.com/3k79KjF.png 




 Came so hard, his dick fell off. 




 Some Mexicans do. Some Native Americans are short. But statistically, Native Americans tend to be taller than their Caucasian counterparts. 

Jackass. 




 I get the tone. I just want to make sure we don't repeat mediocrity because someone isn't able to understand sarcasm. 

Also, defending my point because alcohol. 

Take that you fucking Islamic State asshats. 




 "that the experience has taught him to "never give up." "

Christ. Seriously, respect people's wishes. If someone does not want to be kept alive on a machine past a certain point, let them go. 

Also, get a medical directive set up. You could be in a shitty crash today and be in just pain for the rest of your life unless you tell your family.  




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tet_Offensive

"Winning Militarily" huh?

The opponent was maybe out-numbered, seriously outgunned and still gaining ground on a strategic level. 

On a just war, no politics level, they were handing us our ass in a war of attrition. 




 Confidence in being able to resolve an issue =/= hubris when we lose. 




 Oh jesus. Grow a pair you pussy bitch. 




 Cute kitty. I like the jeans bit. 




 Is that how we explain retreat? Instead of owning up to our mistakes and saying, "Shit."  




 I'm more of asking who has documented blood.  Not that 1/64th on you dad's side bull. 

I just got my certificate. Who here has traceable blood? 




 This is the funniest film review I've read. 

Maybe that's the 40 i just finished talking, but still. Hilarious. 




 But... the North Vietnamese won.... 




 Those are campaign donations. 

It is actually pretty different than just paying the candidate. 

Scummy as fuck, but still different. 




 Tithe, Religious Community, then swords into plowshears or divine inspiration (because wonderlust) and Religious texts.

Religious texts really helps with tithe if you have nearby friendly city states or a major civ that didn't get a religion. 




 Marconi Union (ambient) Deadmau5, some soundtracks. 




 I prefer Order for a science victory. +25% science from factories is pretty kick ass and I can stockpile engineers to complete spaceship parts. 

Plus if you focus on science over gold, outright purchasing parts is kinda difficult. 




 Should have named it timeout or something. 




 There are advantages to Rollins. 

Rich kids as friends advantages. 




