 Can you recommend any?  




 I just was forced out of my OCD closet last week. There are plenty of people that I have not told. There are plenty of people that I will probably never tell about my OCD. 

I hid it from my family and closest friends for four years. Mainly, I thought I was schizophrenic instead of an OCD sufferer. However, I eventually found the courage to tell a friend. 

This is my advice to you: everyone does not need to know. Don't be ashamed of it, but also know that you are taking a risk if you choose to place yourself on public display for OCD. Also, know that there are people who understand. You will meet plenty of people who simply do not understand.  




 I made good money, though 




 I'm sorry but I sold it on Ebay :( 




 My favorite shirt is a button up shirt that is made from jean material. I got it from Levi's. It's very versatile. What about you men?  




 Straight flame 




 This website is incredible.  




 I can definitely relate to this. I have a sister and she was definitely allowed to be more emotional than myself.  




 (i.e. Did they validate or invalidate your emotions?) 




 I pee on my possessions to mark my territory. Including my wife  




 See Coldplay live. See the Northern Lights. See Salar de Ayuni. Basically, there are a bunch of places I want to travel.  




 Anywhere along the inner thigh. Not even near the privates, just anywhere in the inner thigh region 




 Beauty and the Beast 




 Allowing another person to see the uglier sides of me 




 I disagree. If you do not come forward with an honest answer, the other person is going to spend a significant amount of time thinking of every potential thing that could be wrong with them. The person deserves honesty if they have given you honesty.  




 The City by the 1975 




 Kids by Childish Gambino  




 Literally this. Many girls on Tinder just want attention  




 I've had OCD for 6 years now and I just told my parents (not by choice) for the first time, last week. It really is difficult because you never know how they are going to take it. One thing that helped me was printing out some handouts from the website. OCD is really difficult to understand for someone who has no experience with it.  




 I can see the argument that male affection has declined among men and I think I would agree. However, I try to challenge this stereotype. I'm a heterosexual man and I will hold my guy friends hands or give them hugs. I think those gestures are signs of friendship, more than romantic relationship.  




 Step back and shoot 




 How long did your OCD start before you told them? 




 Long story short, my parents had no idea that I have OCD   Depression. I had a psychiatrist appointment yesterday and I couldn't drive myself. So, I basically had to ask my mum to take me to my psychiatrist appointment. I had no intentions of telling them, ever. 

Later that night, my parents questioned me about everything. I tried to explain it to them and they are trying to understand, but they just don't get it. 

How did you explain it to your parents? Any advice on what I could do? They blamed themselves and think it's their fault. Any suggestions? 




 Long story short, my parents had no idea that I have OCD. I had a psychiatrist appointment yesterday and I couldn't drive myself. So, I basically had to ask my mum to take me to my psychiatrist appointment. I had no intentions of telling them, ever. 

Later that night, my parents questioned me about everything. I tried to explain it to them and they are trying to understand, but they just don't get it. 

How did you explain it to your parents? Any advice on what I could do?  









 I've had similar experiences. It's definitely scrupulosity and it definitely changed my life  




 I was delusional for a few years of my life and I thought I was schizophrenic. Then, I was told that my intrusive thoughts were not voices. Afterwards, I was diagnosed with OCD   Depression 




 As soon as you started reminding me of my dad, I knew it wasn't going to work  




 This movie hits me in the heart, everytime I watch it; especially the ending.  




 I can quote this movie like it's my job 




 23/ 2.5 years with some on and off  




 I completely forgot about For You. Dang it! 




 Yes, the live Yellow intro was ICONIC 




 This topic hasn't been brought up in awhile, so I would like to hear everyone's opinions. What songs would you include on your Top 10 Coldplay list? 

I had to think about this for a long time. I attempted to include some personal favorites, while simultaneously choosing all of the songs that I believe truly represent Coldplay's best work. Here are my ten: 

* 1) Strawberry Swing
* 2) Swallowed in the Sea
* 3) X Y
* 4) See You Soon
* 5) Yellow
* 6) Trouble
* 7) Amsterdam
* 8) Easy to Please
* 9) Lovers in Japan 
* 10) Charlie Brown 

Alright Coldplayers, let's hear it!  




 "Everyone I know says I'm a fool to mess with you, Everyone I know says it's a stupid thing to do. I had your love on call and yet my day was so full. And I did not know what to do, so I ran away from you."

I Ran Away was reaffirming when I ended my long term relationship.  




 There is a probably a tie between my favorite B-side: Crest of Waves   I Ran Away 




 I used to fall asleep to Warning Sign, every night  




 Ahh I understand. 

Mine is 

1) AROBTTH 
2) Parachutes
3) X Y
4) Viva
5) Ghost Stories
6) Mylo Xyloto  




 I love the whole 7 minutes of it  




 Yes is so underrated 




 I understand your reasoning. Could I ask your rank of albums, then? 




 I'll give you that actually. Ink is very childish.  




 This hasn't been done in a few months so let's hear it: how do you rank Coldplay's albums from best to worst? Also, what's your favorite track on each?

For me, it's 

* 1) A Rush of Blood to the Head: In My Place

* 2) Parachutes: Shiver

* 3) X Y: Swallowed in the Sea

* 4) Viva La Vida/ Death   All His Friends: Strawberry Swing

* 5) Ghost Stories: Another's Arms

* 6) Mylo Xyloto: Us Against the World 




 Mylo Xyloto was horrible but I strongly disagree that Ghost Stories was a horrible album. I think Ghost Stories is a more mature Coldplay. Not to say that their younger works were immature, but I think AROBTTH is full of young energy. Ghost Stories seemed as if they mellowed out a bit.  




 Now I understand 




 Drop it like it's hot 




 FA? 




 Same here, except make my depression worse 




 Have you tried anything else? Just curious  




 I do not have girl parts but I definitely do appreciate the insight  




 Well, I was going to ask my psychiatrist if I could try Zoloft next. This is good to know 




 I really want to switch from Luvox because of the side effects. Mainly, my sleep schedule has really been affected. Has anyone had any experience with Luvox? Any advice?  




 Definitely scrupulosity  




 I still have this problem. I used to pee myself and as a result, I have this ritual of keeping a piece of toilet paper in my pants. If I am anywhere in public without the piece of toilet paper, I consider myself done for the day.  




