 My friends can no longer send me funny memes or cool pictures or interesting articles. I've already seen them all. 




 600+ hours in the Elder Scrolls series between Morrowind, Oblivion, and Skyrim. 




 I've seen so many of these places. Is this something that is typically uncommon? 




 This sounds like it belongs on yik yak. 




 Guys... Before you freak the fuck out about running out of right swipes, read: http://techcrunch.com/2015/02/03/tinder-tests-limited-right-swipes/#2finQa:8wOn 




 You assume. You don't know for sure. 




 Bates Motel is the story of how Norman Bates got so fucked up. 




 Just started watching this show, so I'm still in the honeymoon stage of thinking things like this are really fucking cool. Thanks for posting. 




 Did his house burn down? 




 I read "possum" as "potassium" for some reason and was very confused. 




 Aayy VA! I'm dealing with the snow here too. Thankfully I don't have many friends with school-aged kids around here. Right now it's all babies/toddlers out in the snow. 




 That last one, with the cigarette. I feel like it could have some profound meaning. I like it. 









 This guy is correct; don't downvote him. 




 Sorry about your cousin. I was a senior in high school when the shooting happened and had many friends at VT. I lost one of them. All the people being mean ITT can suck a dick. This gesture means a lot for those who had their lives affected by that awful day.

Hokie love. 




 There's a memorial for that? Where? 




 Hokie respect. 




 I would have been happy living my entire life without ever hearing the word "planogram" again. Dammit. 




 I was wondering about this. Thanks! 




 I remember several years ago there was a story about a family of a particular religion painting a religious mural on their driveway to commemorate their son's coming of age. The HOA had a field day with fines and the like. Made it to the local news. I was probably 15 years old, and it made me furious even back then. 




 Someone had to say it. 




 I find when I read these kinds of things I don't actually know what each individual word is, but I understand the overall meaning. 




 I love this! 




 I thought that was a cat.

Awesome pictures though. Seems like an awesome place to visit. 




 Totally legitimate reason to move. 




 I own one of your username. 




 You're an asshole. 




 2070 to see if The Jetson's comes true. 




 I went back and read the whole thing again after knowing that it was a dog, and it makes it even better. OP, you're fucking clever. 




 Um... Do you even math? 329 deaths over the course of *25 years* from vaccines, compared to 450 deaths *every day* because of not getting vaccinated. How do you not see the flawed logic here? 




 Out of all of the things ITT, this is the one thing that *actually* screams its own name while you use it. 




 And escalated quickly. 




 Now I'm imagining cars saying their own names like Pokemon. 




 How is it mail fraud? 




 I do this almost every time I need to break a larger bill. "Lemme just run up to the store and get a pack of cigs with the cash." Next thing I know I'm hearing "Is this credit or debit?" And I'm thinking "fuck I fucked up again." 




 It took me way too long to realize that they put a giraffe because "giraffe" kinda sounds like "graph". Way too long. 




 There are stars in front of the moon in this. It's a beautiful picture, but that bothers me. 




 Admitting it is the first step to recovery. 




 That was awful. Have an upvote. 




 And creepy. 




 Is anyone else slightly disturbed by this? 




 a little bit

being an understatement. 




 I was 100% sure of never wanting kids before I started working with them. Still 100% sure. Working with kids has made me like them a little more, but definitely still not for me. 




 I use the Carrot apps. For anyone who's played Portal, it's like GLADoS but for being fit. It's awesome. Also, with the Health app (on iPhones, I don't know if Android has an equivalent), if I record a workout on the Carrot workout app, or with one of my other workout apps (NikeRun, Fitnet, etc), it automatically puts the calories burned into my Carrot calorie counting app. Makes life a lot simpler.

What do you guys use and why do you like it? 




 I'm in the same boat right now. I've had the flu all week and today was the first day I felt well enough to put on real clothes and leave the house. I haven't been counting calories all week (and I'm pretty sure my app is going to yell at me when I open it up tomorrow).

No real help here, just letting you know you're not the only one. I will have to return to working out a bit slowly, as the flu took a lot out of me and I think I'll be weak and vulnerable for about another week. 




 I can see the Buzzfeed article title on Day 11: *This man sneezed every 30 minutes for his whole life. You won't believe what's happened to him!* 




 But sneezing isn't a pressure release. It's suppose to blow all the bad stuff out of your sinuses. 




 And if autocorrect would not change "redditors" to "redactors", that would be fantastic. 




 I do the same thing. 




 You sound like you're speaking from experience... 




 And it would work too. 




 $73.37 




 It's ok. I'm female, mid-twenties and I'm also seriously considering finding all the materials to do this. 




 And all this time I thought I must be the only redditor who watches Doc Martin. 




 It looks like Portwenn from Doc Martin.

Also just learned from this thread that the actual place is called Port Isaac. 









 Don't forget about Loudoun!! 




 Lost my composure. Laughing like an idiot at my desk. Now boss knows I'm on reddit. Thanks. 




 I also hate when people talk to me on a plane. Or anywhere. I keep my headphones in and don't make eye contact. 




 I like having the seat next to open so I can put my feet up, lean against the window, prop my laptop on my lap, and watch a movie. 




 There are subreddits for that... 




 This is now the background of my cell phone lock screen. Thanks for the post, OP! I needed a new lock screen. 




 I have the best chicken ramen noodle recipe ever. It sounds so gross but it's incredible.

Make the noodles, strain out most of the water. Then stir in about half of the seasoning packet and toss it with a bunch of lemon pepper. Set it aside.

Cook a can of cream of chicken soup. Ladle the soup over the noodles to your preferred level of soupiness.

Enjoy.

The whole thing costs like a dollar, and takes 15 minutes tops. And it's so delicious. 




 No... That's not... Am I missing something? 




 You made the sub; I think you should go first. 




 Is that a can of shaving cream in the vending machine? 




 Riding in Cars with Boys. 




 I wasn't looking for feels with my coffee, OP....

But keep your head up, and know that there is an astounding amount of support and help out there. And of course, you have your lovely reddit community :) 




 Thanks for ruining my morning... 




 ITT /r/misleadingthumbnails and spiders 




 Pretty much this. 




 OP tagged as lucky motherfucker. 




 This is in the wrong order... 




 I tried this, but I end up hitting snooze and taking my phone (alarm clock) back into bed with me. 




 My friend is reading this over my shoulder, and just turns and looks at me with this "oh really" look on his face.

Thanks OP. 




 [Just waiting until 5pm...](http://i.imgur.com/4Dyqf67.jpg) 




 Obesity. 




