 And I'm glad you did. I've been there - made plans, got everything prepared, and then - boom - at the last second it becomes a one man party. And I spiral out in much of the same way. It's the depression. You're beating yourself up for reasons you're not even sure of, and when you're depressed, your mind instantly goes to the darker places. Did he explain why he had to bail? Is he a friend you can trust? Because if he is, err on the side of friendship, and trust him. Or, is he someone you feel you can't trust (and do your best to think through the fog that depression envelops your mind with)? If he is someone you feel you can't trust, as much as it pains me to say, you may want to reconsider your friendship. Or - when you do get him to sit down with you, see if he's willing to discuss it openly with you. Then go from there. 




 And I'd like to say, likewise to you, Triple. Depression is a road best not traveled alone. It sounds like you want to help - and trust me, you can. Sharing your own experiences with depression, the emotions it brings on, and what you do to get yourself through it can help others get through their own situations. And when you find yourself feeling down, we'll return the favor. 




 Don't apologize, and venting helps. It gets it off your chest. And I'd like to start out by pointing out that you've noticed the people "who has the confidence to go out there and make a change for themselves" - when you just proved through your own words that you ARE one of those people, at least in that respect. How many people don't care about themselves enough to take care of themselves? You obviously go to the gym for a reason - to work out, right? And what does working out lead to? It leads to a healthy body. It sounds like you have a lot working against you, but mainly, it sounds like you're working against yourself. There are situations in life that you can't control, no one can. Those are the situations you need to learn to let go of. It's hard - it's downright hellish. But it's possible. Let go of those situations, and grab what you -can- control with a firmer grip. Keep going to the gym, keep working out - it helps in a lot of ways. As for you job - I can relate. I absolutely hate my job, and I work for one of those soulless corporations that just don't give two shits about anything but the bottom line. But you, like me, are not your job. It's simply what you do to pay the bills. If it really is that bad, start looking for another one. There's absolutely no reason you should continue working somewhere you feel under-appreciated. As for goals and dreams, those take time and effort, but mostly time. It takes reality time to catch up to your dreams, as long as you're putting forth the effort to make it happen. You want to be a better person? You are who you are, and unless you're off intentionally hurting people, you're better than you realize. I'm glad you reached out and shared how you're feeling. It's a moment, and it will pass. If this moment sucks, then set your sights on the next, and do whatever you can within your power to ensure it's better than the last. That moment turns out to be not much better, then again - adjust your sights to the next one. And the next, if you have to. And when you need to feel less alone, come here. This is my first day spending some serious time on reddit, and I'm finding that the people in this sub are more than willing to help. I hope this helps. And I really hope things start looking up for you. 




 If you don't have any plans, I'd suggest coming here and being open and honest about what you're dealing with, and what the day means to you. But the most important thing that I noticed about what you just said is this - "Two years ago". You made it past that date once already, you can do it again. You've shown that strength once, and that strength is still inside you. But again, if you're having trouble, maybe put aside to come here and ask for help. There are a lot of people here who can - and will - help you through that day.

There's no reason for you to face it alone. 




 He's right - as hard and cold as some people act, they're human, and they have their own experiences, some of which may parallel your own. Like teklord said - it never hurts to ask. 




 Happens to me too when I witness massive amounts of love and compassion. I've found myself fighting tears more than a few times today while exploring this sub. You're not alone there. :) 




 That's the problem with humans - they're human. People who help do so for a variety of reasons, and you nailed it on the head with "some people do it to feel better" and "because they truly care" - and there's a myriad of reasons in between. For myself, I help because until recently, I dealt with the bulk of my depression alone, and in my head. It's only recently that I came out to my own family and said "I don't know how much longer I can do to this, and I know I can't do it alone". But until I did that, I just let the weight of my own depression crush me. My wife was there to help at times, my family was there at times, but even then, I hid the bulk of what I was going through. I tried to do it alone, and it nearly killed me. But now, I'm very open about my depression and how it's effected me. I share my experiences because I want to help people - I want them to know they're not alone, that there is hope, even when that voice in your head is screaming that it's hopeless.

And autumn is still quite some time away, and whatever you're going through, you don't have to go through it alone. Open up - talk. You may be surprised by what you hear in return, as long as you're willing to accept the help offered, and regardless of what you may think of the persons intentions. If someone offers you help, and you think their reasons are less than honorable, I'd suggest still listening to what they have to say. Put it like this, my dad tells me this all the time - "If you buy a book, and all you get out of it is one idea, then that book was well worth the cover price". 




 Try telling them that. Don't even feel selfish about it - straight up ask them how much they rely on you, how much they need you, and put it into context. I've done it before myself - I've gone to my sister and asked her to help me through some hard times by just reminding me that I'm loved, and that, without me her world would be a bit darker. It helped me immensely, and if you chose to do it, I hope it works out for you as well. 




 Admitting you need help is not a sign of weakness - these days, that's (as far as I'm concerned) a serious show of strength. And the fact that you came here and posted your thoughts and shared with us how you're feeling tells me that you're not ready to let go. Sounds to me like you know that your story isn't over, and that you have more to tell. Go to the doctor, get the lesion checked, and tell them about your mindset. You've admitted you want help, now the next step is to seek it - but that's a step only you can take. You've been through a lot, you admitted it yourself, and when you try to take on a burden that heavy by yourself, I'm sorry, but it risks crushing you beneath it. If your friends aren't there to support you, then they're not much of friends. But you do need support, and coming here and getting that off your chest is a step in the right direction to finally healing, to re-sparking your passion for life. The first sentence in your second paragraph proves that you've put a lot of work into yourself, becoming yourself, and accepting yourself. Suicide would only mean you're taking all that hard work and throwing it away, when it sounds to me like life is finally getting interesting, and finally worth living. Friends come and go - you can find new ones. But you're irreplaceable. Just reading what you wrote here makes me believe that. Here's a bit of a corny quote, but to be honest, corny quotes have helped me get to the point where I am today, even though I feel I've done everything in my power to prevent that - "I'm not telling you it's going to be easy - I'm telling you it's going to be worth it" (Art Williams). You're special, whether you want to admit that to yourself or not. You're unique, whether you want to admit that to yourself or not, either, but that right there - in a world that seems to value conformity over independence - is important. The world doesn't just need -you-, it really could stand to gain more people like you. I hope this helps, and I hope it finds you well. 




