 Living amongst them. The three things I noticed within the first twenty minutes after leaving the airport were 1) Traffic laws were a suggestion 2) Spitting and burping is appropriate behavior 3) Smoking is cool anywhere. Hotel lobbies, elevators, THE LOCKER ROOM AT MY GYM. After about 10 months here, I have accepted that they are relatively inconsiderate of others, they are loud, they pathologically break rules and laws, and I don't know how many times I've past a mom suspending her kid above the sidewalk to let the little guy do his business. Also, I live in Beijing, and I'm sure, no I know, it's gets worse the more rural you get. 
That being said, they have many other redeeming qualities. If you think you about what they've gone through in the last 70 years, it makes sense that their social etiquette hasn't caught up with their economic stature. 




 Seems like this thread's consensus is that Chinese and Brazilian tourists are especially bad. They are both rapidly developing nations, with the separation between the wealthy and impoverished expanding every year. Coincidence?    




 Not a staffer, but still. We shared a flight to Hong Kong with this weird Buddhist monk. He was in full garb, ran around the plane the whole time, had a girl voice, and rapidly flipped through magazines. He wound up staying in my room at a hostel. He also jacked off to gay porn in broad daylight while people were present and awake. We asked him why, and he said in Chinese "It doesn't count. They're white." 




 Also white in China. Rules and laws are only suggestions here. 




 I work in Beijing, and my students showed me this months ago! I think it's been a thing in China for awhile. FYI 




 The part about the goosebumps won't leave me.  




 Agreed. Not usually the case in China. South Korea on the other hand... 




 Twist: The monsters are their kids 




 Everyone says I look like James Franco, and everyone says I look like their friend. I think James and I just have a face that is easily interpreted.  




 I get drunk on reddit a lot. Are you referencing something, or is this a true story? And do grandpas really live to 145? And did your 145 year old grandpa really give your ice cream to a bastard? 




 Can't forget Fred Phelps 









 My cousins taught me that if I wanted to dream about something specific, if I thought really hard about it the moments before I went to sleep, I would in fact dream about it. I said "Like I could be Michael Jordan in my dream?" and they said "Yeah! Or even be with a girl!"  




 I think he wants to have sex with you really bad.  




 you're totally right. learned it the hard way. i came off as defensive for sure. 




 I did today in front of the boss, and the annoying coworker was just like "You can't get personal in a professional setting." and I said "What. You want me to just call you out behind your back? Be you?" 




 I work at a high school in Beijing, and we send the kids out in hazardous/dangerous air quality conditions weekly. 




 No I got it immediately.  




