 Just had a similiar experience. I was spy, maf claimed in n2 that "Sk was working with them" and, what a wonder, sk and maf worked together until he let maf win, although there have been no wispers between them all game. Mysterious. I called them out for cheating in my will and reported all of them. In afterlife, I got to know 3 other people were on skype too (sheriff, exe and 1 of the mafs). I do think it should be made a general rule that its prohibited to skype with other players, you cant prove this "meta game" shit anyways. 




 Steel Legion Lux and Justicar Syndra are banned for their particles being less visible

I think there are more of those 




 I skipped school classes like crazy. In my final year, I missed about 200 lessons or something like that. Still made my finals, easily. Just because I could do that, doesn't mean my kids can, and I don't wanna end up in some school director's room telling me my kid said it was told by mommy skipping school is cool. 




 [Shouldn't be too hard to guess](http://imgur.com/3TSP4ZP) 




 Oh god, I already see this thread escalating terribly.

Whatever, my ranking would look somehow like this:

* 1. Imaginaerum
* 2. Century Child
* 3. Dark Passion Play
* 4. Wishmaster
* 5. Once
* 6. Angels fall first
* 7. Oceanborn [no hate please] 




 Coffee. 

People always give me weird looks when I want a hot chocolate instead of coffee, and it would also be nice for getting starting in the morning but... I just can't. It tastes so horrible :( 




 Why are they off? There are 9 townie positions in a classic game, of which only one can be a mayor, namely the random townie, there's the chance of 1:8. There are 14 townie roles that a random townie can be, of which only one is a Mayor, so there we go with 1:13. and then a chance of 1/9 multiplied by the one of 1/14 is, if my calculator is right, 1/126.


So, did I miscalculate or did you? :P  




 So, this one I just HAD to share.

I was playing a classic game and ended up as executioner. One of my less preferred roles, but whatever. I tried a stupid old trick and said day 2 that I had, as an inestigator, found out that my target was mayor or gf and we should lynch him if he could not reveal. 
So far, so boring.


But then that guy actually revealed himself :(

Not only he was with a chance of 1 to 8 the Random Townie, but also with a chance of 1 to 13 a mayor when random.


So the rest of the game was pretty much impossible to win for me. The mayor somehow never got killed at night and I could'nt manage to get my town to lynch a revealed mayor. No one suspected me and everyone protected me thinking I was investigator. In the end, town won, and everyone was like "wat" when they realized I did not win with them.


Morale of the story - sometimes a chance of  1/126 just fucks you up 
 




 I really enjoy Jailor, Transporter, Serial Killer, Godfather and Witch.

I don't like Executioner, Jester, Medium, Survivor and Retributionist. 




 Not exactly. Wilhelm and George were, and also George and Nicholas were, but Wilhelm and Nicholas were not first cousins but ... Second cousins? Dont know if its called that way.

http://www.brookings.edu/~/media/Research/Files/Blogs/2013/brookings%20now/Familyrelationships.png - here you go 




 It doesn't work. I receive a message that the key is not valid for this game. 




