 Ah! That's the little dude in my gallery keeper :) That would definitely be something to add, thank you! 




 So the post about collections got me thinking... I don't have tons of neopoints, but they are just sitting there. There's nothing I'm saving up for. I'm just trying to make that number bigger, and that's not interesting. So after looking around, I decided to collect eyeball and eyeball-related eye-tems (hurhurhur i'm so funny)

Here's what I have so far!! http://www.neopets.com/gallery/?gu=elventhevamp :)

There are some items that I would like that I could not find though. Either they were nowhere to be found, or there was no price on the Trading Post, so I had no idea how much they are worth. Like I said, I don't have tons of money, so I'm really hoping to get them for under a certain amount each, but at the same time, I don't want to pay way less than the item's actually worth. So basically, if you have the item and want to sell it, just let me know your price and I will decide if I can afford it right now or not. If you don't have any of them/don't want to sell, but know about how much it's worth, that would be helpful, too. Here are the items:

* Jelly Spider Eyeball
* ~~Eye Candy Plushie~~
* ~~Chocolate Coated Eye~~
* Chilled Eyes with Clam Sauce
* Pink Spooky Ice Cream
* Holiday Eye Candy

Also, if you know of any other eyeball or eyeball-themed things, let me know! I checked Jellyneo's item database but I could have missed things that never actually say eye or eyeball anywhere :) And I know I'm missing Spaghetti  Eyeballs. I already made an offer on one on the trading post.

Thank you for your help!! 




 This makes me think I should collect something. Mostly I collect neopoints right now. 




 When you first realized it, how did you feel? How do you feel about it now? How do you feel in general? Did you sleep well last night? Any interesting dreams? What brand of toothpaste do you use? 




 Ever since my last (and only) serious boyfriend dumped me almost two years ago, I've had a feeling that I was going to die alone. It's not one of those dramatic thoughts like, oh god I was dumped now no one will ever love me, sort of things. Just a quiet realization. I'm going to die alone.

My history with romance is pretty shitty. The first guy I ever had a crush on admitted to me that he liked me... He just liked my friend better. The first boy I dated dumped me after three weeks, in public, in such a nonchalant way I can only guess he was never actually attached to me. I dated a girl the next year; she dumped me after four days because she decided she wasn't bisexual after all. I caught her making out with our mutual female friend a week later.

I lost my virginity to a guy who was horny and I was convenient. He got off and kicked me out. I started having sex with a guy who said I was attractive, but he wasn't interested in a relationship with me six months later, just because I was sad and lonely and would take any attention I could get.

After he got sick of me, I avoided romance for a while. I went on a date or two with guys I met on plentyoffish when I was feeling particularly lonely, but it never went past one date. Then I met a guy and started dating him. I moved in with him fairly quickly, which was a huge mistake.

After a year long, turbulent, emotionally (sometimes physically) abusive relationship, he finally dumped me after I tried to kill myself, because he decided that if I was trying to kill myself, then he must not be making me happy.

My most recent foray into romance is one that is still hurting right now. Basically, about six months ago, I fell for a guy who lives overseas; he claimed to like me too, but couldn't do a relationship, let alone a long distance one (whereas, at this point in my life, I would prefer one; physical contact makes me ill). Then a few days ago, I find out he's dating a girl (I know her as well; we all met in the same place, but they happened to live very close to each other) and is hiding it from me. I'm still trying to get over it. It's like, I know I didn't have a chance with him, but I didn't think anyone else did either. That made it okay somehow.

It's not just that, either. I get a lot of crushes on people (little, fleeting ones; nothing like how I felt about him) that quickly get stomped into the dirt. Sometimes I feel like emotions aren't even worth it.

I feel worthless in general. I've got no talents, I can't keep interest in one thing long enough to develop a talent, either. I can't hold down a job because I have panic attacks about going to work. I can't meet people because I have crippling social anxiety. I'm a burden on my mother, I don't qualify for any sort of disability (I'm trying now, but it's not looking good), I have no income. I'm useless. I can't take any classes at college because I'm too easily overwhelmed.

I don't want to be alive anymore. I don't want to commit suicide. I just want to die in my sleep. I want to stop existing. I'm so tired of being so sad all the time. What is the point of me? Nothing.

I'm fat. I can't diet because I have no will power. I'm ugly. I can't take care of myself. Doing anything beyond sitting here and feeling sorry for myself gives me crippling panic attacks. I'm boring. I don't know how to talk to people. Even my dog doesn't want to be around me these days. I'm angry all the time, or depressed. No wonder no one likes me.

I absolutely loathe my brain. It's trying to kill me, it's trying to destroy me. It wants me to feel this way. I want to know what it's like to be able to function. Not even be happy; just FUNCTION. I can't even do that, though.

No wonder I'm going to die alone.

I don't even know why I'm posting this. I don't know what I want to hear. I guess I just want to tell someone, and there's no one in my life I could say this stuff to. I feel like a burden, an annoyance, someone who doesn't really matter. I'm scared to sleep because I know if I lay down in bed, I'm just going to think awful thoughts and make myself feel worse than I already do. 




 It's less funny when the sticker has obviously been moved. 




 This works for me most of the time, but then sometimes, when it lands on the side I hoped it would, I realize I actually wish it had landed on the other. Then I continue flip-flopping. I'm so indecisive. 




 Even better, my aunt would make me edible play dough that i would slowly consume while playing with it. When I got my first chance to play with actual Play-Doh, I tried to do the same. Not a good idea. 




 The graphics in 3 are beautiful, I went back and played 1 after finishing 3, and I was blown away. I remember thinking 1 had great graphics.

The game play is great, too, but you can tell when they just wanted to show off ;) 




 Is her top being torn from that guy grabbing her? 




 That might have something to do with it. 




 I would experience vivid hallucinations while on Ambien, and sometimes I would take it specifically for them. But you are right, I would end up forgetting 90% of what happened after, and I did do some stupid, stupid things on it. I've never experimented with a proper hallucinogen, though. Honestly, when I first read the title, I thought it was asking about hallucinations in general, but after I got the first comment, I realized what it actually said. Figured it wasn't so off topic that I should delete the comment, though. 




 This happens for me when I would take a low dose, slight hallucinations, but nothing big. Those were more enjoyable than the monsters clawing at my bed. 




 It's really common to hallucinate on Ambien. My doctor recommended taking half a pill instead, and keeping my eyes closed until I'm asleep, which worked better. 




 Leg warmers, mostly for sewing practice :) Too ugly to wear IMO 




 I can imagine it wouldn't smell that great, but I can imagine some far worse smelling jobs. 




 I'm working on my self-confidence right now, and what I've been doing is challenging my negative thoughts. It's helping, slowly but surely. Try to think of reasonable explanations for why the thought isn't true, or in some cases, how you can fix it. 




 It is probably a confidence issue. If you were more confident, you might not doubt her feelings for you, or be afraid of getting rejected.  




 What makes this the worst smelling job?  




 Give her some good scritches for me :) She's a pretty dog. 




 It also makes it look like you have other, more important things than talking to her. Just text her when you want to. 




 Thanks for answering them. :D 




 The opposite is "I embarrassed myself in front of a girl and she didn't hate me after". 




 How long were you awake before you went to sleep? When will you get another chance to sleep? How long will you sleep then? What class are you going to? Do you like the subject? Do you like your teacher? Are there are lot of other students in the class? If you could have any animal as a pet, what would you pick? 




 When I was younger, I was prescribed Ambien for sleep. I also lived with  my mom at the time.

So the first night after I get it, I take one. I lay down to go to sleep, and wait for the medicine to start to work. I never really started to feel tired, but I started seeing things move. It gets worse and worse. The shadows turn into monsters, and they start crawling towards me. I could feel them grabbing my blanket and pulling it off me. I started screaming, and I actually grabbed my cell phone to call my mom (who was in the other bedroom) instead of doing something like turn on the lights. Instead of answering, though, she just bursts into my room angrily and yells "What are you doing calling me?!" as she turns on the light.

I told her about the monsters, which were gone now that the light was gone, and she made me sleep next to her that night. I laid awake most of the night and stared at her ceiling, which was covered in circus people urging me to turn the light on because they had a show for me.

That was a weird night. 




 That fur looks so soft, I want to run my hands through it. 




 You could go with a friend and make them say it. 









 I would be worried if I saw a vagina that looked like that. 




 http://www.olsenhome.com/gif/ 




 A root beer float in the summer, and hot cocoa loaded with homemade marshmallows in the winter. 




 I think I just stared at this for five minutes. I don't think I've ever stared at chicken wire that long before. 




 That I will probably never be someone really amazing or world-changing, or famous for anything. That I am part of the average. I might be slightly better at some things than others, but I'm never going to be amazing enough to be anything other than average. 




 Agreed. I hate the fact that I have to struggle and take medicine and therapy and really think about what I'm doing just stay somewhat in a normal range of emotion, and if I slack off for one day, everything can go wrong. 




