




 "I wrote a hit play and directed it, so I'm not sweating it either"
"Maybe I'm spending too much of my time starting up clubs and putting on plays. I should probably be trying harder to score chicks."

Urgh, one of my favourite films :)

Edit: My God, the more I look at all his quotes the more sense it makes http://www.imdb.com/character/ch0008323/quotes 




 Shit like this is why I left the MLP fandom 




 Gosh that's horrible :( 




 Poor little baby. Make sure you keep him in a dimly lit quiet room so he can have some peace whilst recovering. If you keep his wounds clean and dry, and try to minimise his stress as much as possible he should be on the road to recovery.
When I was little one of my piggies was attacked by a magpie, he had to have stitches in his abdomen. As I remember he bounced back ok.

Edit: All the best OP, keep us updated 




 I demand this be redone but with them wearing little sailor hats. K thx :3 




 "Polish comes from the cities; wisdom from the desert" 




 Well. 




 My heart just about melted :3 Little punks 




 Seconded, you'll need a little dust pan and brush that you use specifically for the piggies and nothing else, especially if you're keeping them on fleece, so you can give it a daily poop brushing. If your piggie-owning experience is anything like mine this will probably be your most used piece of kit :p

Edit: I'm talking like any old cheap household dust pan and brush, I think I got mine from poundland i.e. it cost £1) 




 "Dawn Faizey Webster, who has just been awarded a 2:2 Open University degree in ancient history – a feat she achieved by blinking the answers"

Bloody hell that's inspiring.  




 I get that it looks kinda cute and nice having a table overflowing with adorable creatures but WHO THE HELL THOUGHT THIS WAS A GOOD IDEA 




 Scapegoating. Circlejerking.  




 This is adorable. I know those feels, and they are amazing. I hope you have a super life, OP :3 




  As A Mother

Just what I was going to say. I have literally never ever ever heard anybody use this phrase, apart from people on the internet complaining about people using it. I get the attitude they are trying to criticise though, a sort of "I'm a mum so I know what's best" but again, outside of maybe the odd hysterical anti-vaxxers group, I've never encountered this... 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ss7AQC79t2s If it hasn't been already posted. Quest of the Manwhore. 




 But...skeletons don't real...? 




  Which men can have sex with hundreds of women? Rich, famous, extremely attractive, confident men, a combination of those.

I was responding to that, primarily. All I know is that some of my most promiscuous males friends openly hate and oppose red pill ideology, and don't fit many if any of the standards you said lead to increased women-getting.

Maybe it is easier for women to have a lot of sex, but let's face it, society doesn't look so kindly on women who do. The answer isn't to feel bitter about it but to just say "screw it" (no pun intended) and go out and live the life you'd like to. I'm sorry if you maybe feel your love life isn't what you'd perhaps like it to be, but the key ingredient is increasing your empathy, not bitterness and the compulsive tallying of the ways in which the 'other side' has it better than you.

Edit: as a tangential post-script I'd just like to add that I don't see the point of approaching dating from a position of cynicism and bitterness. I just don't see what enjoyment there is to be had from treating any interpersonal interactions in this way. 




 Precisely, and I think it really is a shame that we place so much emphasis as a society on how important and manly it is to have a whole lot of sex if you're a guy, and to lose your virginity as soon as possible. TRPer philosophy sees sex as a numbers game: everything revolves around sex and getting plenty of it to prove your worth but they clearly aren't in it for the pure and simple fact that they enjoy the act of sex itself. It's really sad.

It's ok to like having a lot of sex, it's ok to not want any sex. Just make sure you're doing it safely and for the right reasons with a person/people who are also happy and in to it. Simple.

 




 Really though? Because I see a lot of that sort of mentality on TRP type forums, and yet when I think about my friends it's some of the most normal type guys I know who are the most promiscuous. My most promiscuous male friend is the most laid back, friendly guy you could ever meet. Yes, attractive but not hugely so. It just seems to me that the people in my groups of friends who have the most sex are the ones who do it because it's fun and they (shock, horror) actually like and naturally get on well with other people. Let me reiterate: actually *like* other people, enjoy sex for sex (not as some powerplay exercise) and would probably bend over backwards to help you if you had a problem. Hardly the douchey alpha archetype at all.

Sadly, a couple of my guy friends are into TRP and trying to be alpha, they rarely if ever seem to get laid. 

Maybe it's just my skewed sample of friends but...yeah. 




 Same guy who brought us this musical delight https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4QBRgyitFs :-\ 




 To be fair, men should feel able to openly express their liking for traditionally feminine stuff. Good for him :3  




 Nice. This might do well with the good folks over at  /r/juxtaposition too btw.  




 But...what sort of reaction is this guy even expecting once he's made his point? Gah. Poor librarians. 




 I'd say get her 'toys' that provide shelter, if she's still nervous (or even if she isn't). A tube or a little 'tent' or even just more creations made out of cardboard boxes will do. This way she can leave the box she's currently cowering under and feel like she has other places to go in the cage, and to hide under should she feel nervous. If she feels like her only 'safe' space is her box, then she won't really want to leave it for long unless she has to.

Also chew toys, lots of chew toys.

And a cage mate once she's settled a bit more, piggies don't like to be lonely.

Hope she settles in well, all the best with your new little pal :3 




 Ignore the rude circlejerking that's going on here about time/money and crafting during a lecture. These are so cool, great job, OP :) 




 I'm not sure what exactly you're looking for, so here's a bunch of stuff on disfluency in speech. It's amazing how much our slip ups can tell us about how speech and language works. Every way in which you can mispeak a word has been categorised and studied and some psycholinguists spend their entire career researching what makes us say the wrong thing, from spoonerisms to good old parapraxis (Freudian slips) and of course the ubiquitous "uh".

Hopefully there's something in here that'll answer your question:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speech_disfluency

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freudian_slip

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malapropism

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spoonerism (this could be what you mean, it's when you accidentally transpose the first letters of two words, often with amusing results)

Source: am (not very good) psycholinguistic grad student 




 Thanks so much for sharing the pattern, I know I'll never get around to actually doing it myself but this is so cool. Be sure to post a picture when it's finished :D 




 My undergrad uni has a brony society, I went to one of their meetups in my final year. It was honestly a really fun evening. Sue me. 




 Oh I love the cat! It's great seeing other people's improvement, so satisfying :p Keep up the amazing work :) 




 As someone who uses fleece I can say it definitely makes things easier to have a hay rack, cleaning-wise. Mine was until recently in a hay rack over the kitchen area which is just a cat litter tray, and for the most part it stopped loose hay strands getting all over the fleece. However some piggies will refuse to eat from a hay rack (too much effort? I don't know) including mine. As hay should make up the majority of your guinea pig's diet I'd say provide it for them in whatever way works best for them eating it. Even if that does mean having messy fleece from dumping it in the cage in a big pile, as I've had to resort to doing. 




 Fucks sake OP why. 




 M'dragons 




 Amazing Atheist, no contest. 




 Jane Goodall is such an amazing person, I got to meet her after a talk she did in my city recently. I mean, I was too start-struck to actually say anything interesting to her apart from something about liking her talk and could she please sign my book but, hey, ^still ^^counts ^^^right?

Edit: Totally meant to say 'star-struck'. It's been a long week 




 That's such a cute idea. I named my two after characters from the book 'The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman'. If I ever get females I plan to name them after the Bronte sisters...or characters from Adventure Time... 




 Poor little pigling, hope he(?) gets well soon. Keep us updated :) 




 But people like this would just argue that they don't have those traditional indicators of success because everyone else is so moronic as to make him simply an unappreciated genius in his time. 




 My ~~boyfriend~~ Gentlesir has a moustauche, should I end it and try find someone more self-aware? Pls advise. 




 Totally, I started using it about a year ago, just because it was a nice time killer and often funny or interesting. The community though is just awful, I feel like it's definitely worsened more recently too, it's like having the lame parts of Reddit but you can't avoid them like you can avoid subs. There are times I genuinely come away from that place feeling kinda crappy. 




 I see these sorts of responses on Imgur too. It's so depressing. The only times Reddit and Imgur are eager to get behind any sort of feminist values is when it's to talk with a little too much enthusiasm about being able to hit women...in self-defense of course... 




 Same, that video gave me such chills. The way the people are literally jammed in the doorway, stacked on top of each other. Horrible stuff. 




 I don't know why you were downvoted, as a psych grad student, the title makes me uncomfortable. 




 Hey no problem :) it's one of those things you could go your whole life without even mentioning to another person, yet it seems like such a common experience. Just knowing that other people have acknowledged and put a name to something can be big help in a lot of cases. 




 It's one of those things that's hard to put into words really, but if you keep trying it should eventually 'click' and become easier the more you try (vague and unhelpful I know, sorry) :p 




 I'm honestly so surprised by the number of people who say they enjoy this sensation, most material I've seen online about AIWS has been very much oriented around 'How can I stop experiencing this?' or tips for snapping out of it. But I suppose those who enjoy it would have no real reason to kick up much fuss talking about it... 




 Those are excellent descriptions, and I think the first one really hits home how my experiences of it feel: incredibly isolated from the world around you. You can be touching something, or talking to someone inches away from you yet they feel impossibly far.  




 I just can't stand it, I don't know why. It sort of makes me feel incredibly uneasy somehow. But to each their own :p 




 Yeah, it's always reassuring to find out that some things are...'things' that other people have talked about and given names to :)
When I was a little girl I used to sort of 'force' it during long school assemblies, by staring at the head of whoever was standing at the front of the hall and making it switch to looking tiny and close up. Clearly it didn't bother me so much back then and I really wish I hadn't; I think it's made it 'easier' for my brain to switch into that mode and gah, it's horrible.

A few tips for trying to snap out of it: Shaking your head. Getting up and moving about in the room, so you can appreciate the actual scale of the world through more senses than just sight. Pinching or hurting yourself in some way. If it's night time, switching on the lights can sometimes help. These can usually work for me, hopefully they do the trick for you too :) 




 Sounds to me like Alice in Wonderland Syndrome https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alice_in_Wonderland_syndrome

Lots of people find that when they are tired, their sense of scale gets kinda messed up. I get this too, especially, as you said, when lying in bed. Other triggers can include focusing on small print or staring for too long at very far away or close up objects. Tiredness and illness can trigger it, but so can many other things like stress, apparently.

Anecdotally, I've noticed that people are always annoyed by it and find it an unpleasant, disorienting experience. I don't personally know a whole lot about it but you shouldn't worry about it, as it's very normal. Hopefully now you know what it's called you can do a little bit more research into it :)

Edit: I retract my previous statement; a whole bunch of people seem to really enjoy it, according to this thread. Mostly I've only ever seen discussions about how to stop experiencing it :p 




 When I was little we had Civ II and good God the hours I put into that thing. Then one day I was really really ill and all night long I just laid there in bed alternately rushing off to the bathroom to vomit and hallucinating Civ II imagery.

Never played it since... 




 The other day I think I saw one of my exes on one of the many reddit gw subs. I'm still not 100% it's him, but a few details add up (including his location etc.), as well as the little of his face shown in the photos looking a hell of a lot like him.

Of course it's none of my business what he does online these days, but it is amusing so I'll just keep stalking that account for the lols. 




 Many a time I've spent minutes pawing at my eye trying to remove a contact only to remember I'm not wearing them... 




 To those questioning why this is rage, I don't think it's to do with the fact that they aren't giving away their own money to just everyone. Rather more to do with the fact that they're barging in with their typical naked ladies and bravado on a situation where people are suffering in a way that isn't really all that helpful and is actually kind of tactless. 









 Nice one, good job buddy :) 




 I needed that, thank you kind stranger :) You too x 




 Seriously I appreciate the advice and it's reassuring to hear that your piggy did a bit of hooting without showing any obvious heart problems :) I'm watching them like a hawk and am ready to pounce should they show any other signs of anything being amiss. They're already such sweet personalities and I hope they stick around with me long enough to really get to know them both :3 




 Thanks for the info :) He seems completely fine this evening and I'm keeping a close eye on him. Yesterday (when he was hooting) I had just switched them on to fleece from shavings for the first time, so I'd be surprised if there was anything dusty going on; his breathing and nose seemed perfectly clear. This evening he is maybe a bit more subdued than he might normally be about this time (they tend to run and play a lot around about now) but it has been so hot today and it still quite warm in my flat (it's coming up to 11pm just now).

I wish I had had them both a little longer before this scare, because I'm still only just getting to know what is 'normal' for these two :p
 




 He hasn't done it since I posted, so I've not had a chance to record it, but pretty much this, maybe a tad louder.

Edit: Forgot to actually attach the video :p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzS8G3Gh_nI 




 Update: he's stopped hooting for now and is munching on hay in his 'kitchen' area. He's acting as if nothing has happened but I'm so worried, guys... 




 So I adopted my pair of guinea pigs about a week and a half ago. They are both male and I believe they are reasonably young and have seemed to be settling in really well. They've been running around plenty and eating and drinking with what seem like perfectly healthy appetites but tonight out of nowhere the biggest piggie, Toby, (who I actually posted a picture of just the other day) has started 'hooting' a whole lot, pretty much constantly.

I'm so worried and have been Googling and of course I am seeing a lot of stuff coming up about heart conditions. This is all very concerning, what else can you guys tell me about it? And what should I do?

It's currently 11.30pm ish where I am right now, so I can't really call my vet just now, but I'm guessing that's what I should do first thing tomorrow morning, right? This is so upsetting after having him for only such a short amount of time, he's not even really gotten used to me yet as an owner and I feel like I've failed him. 




 I often feel 'pain' in my dreams, or something approaching it, certainly intense discomfort at any rate. Many times this is when I'm experiencing pain irl though (for instance if I've rolled on to my arm and it's gone into 'pins and needles' mode I might dream it's on fire), however it often happens without any real world reason too. It's not uncommon for me to 'feel' the pain of being electrocuted or on fire, or maybe bitten by something. 




 I almost didn't notice this post, this sounds fun, count me in :D 




 I was watching Family Guy the other day (it's on pretty much constantly on the UK channel BBC Three, which is thankfully getting canned pretty soon). One of the jokes was basically "lol Asian women like small things and also have small breasts, AMIRITE GUYS?!". Maybe there was something I just wasn't getting and I'm a huge joyless wet blanket but my God, he seemed genuinely angry at Asian women, it was bizarrely unpleasant and just...not funny. 




 Precisely, and also this whole blaming other people when your joke fails thing is ridiculous (see Seth Macfarlane re: his latest film, he seriously gave an interview about how his film flopped because everyone else just 'didn't get it', though he was just unfunny, not necessarily offensive). You can't just yell out "HURR BLACK PEOPLE LOL AMIRITE?!" or "HURR DURR RAPE!" and then be pissed off when people don't laugh. Joking about a potentially riske or taboo subject doesn't automatically grant you some magical free pass for funniness just because the subject matter is off-colour, you actually have to make a decent or insightful joke. 




