 Watch About Time while sobbing into a cheese stuffed crust Meatlovers Pizza 




 What's your favourite meal? I feel like this crucial piece of info has been left out! 




 I'm definitely excited to get started on it, to not have to worry about acne anymore..I can only imagine what that's like. Thanks for taking the time to comment :) 




 Maple Syrup 




 My doctor is prescribing me isotretinoin for my skin and I've been told about the nasty side effects. I'm hoping there are some success stories out there to give me a bit of hope. 




 Express Yourself - Madonna or Like a Prayer 




 Sad Keanu 




 Meatspin 




 Into the gutter  sexy fantasies with hot male celebs  




 Taiwanese stinky tofu fermented  




 Buffy 




 The Wedding Singer 




 Last Kiss - Pearl Jam. Sad story executed so well 




 Cranium 




 Heroes 




 Signs 




 Se7en 









 My mind is in the gutter. I have a habit of bringing down a conversation with inappropriate comments. Sometimes I get a positive reaction but I'm sure most people just think i'm a weirdo.  




 Negativity - constantly complaining and whinging throughout the interview.  




 Like Bruce Lee one inch punched me in my ovaries? 




 Samurai Pizza Cats 




 Like this? http://iwonder-all-categories.3025048.n2.nabble.com/file/n3149927/long20nails.jpg  




 I'd strongly recommend that you go to a recruitment agency and have a good chat to them about what kind of roles you may be interested in. They may have a bit more insight as to what kind of roles your transferable skills could be beneficial for.  




 The Mummy Returns 









 29, my most important life lessons till now are a) be true to yourself and b) surround yourself with good friends who motivate and support you, don't waste your time being fake or having fake friends.  




 Joseph Gordon Levitt 




 Breakfast - Malaysia

Lunch - Japan

Dinner - US 




 A lobster perched on a giant eye-fillet steak (rare) wrapped in streaky bacon on a bed of prawns with a side of mushroom sauce and mac n cheese. 




 Seven 




 Sleepers - Lorenzo Carcaterra 




 Patricia Arquette as Alison Dubois in Medium...such a cool lady on the show but seems like such a let down in reality. 




 A desk fan. 




 Firefighters, police, paramedics, military, fast food workers etc. - thank you for your service to the community.  




 Falling asleep hugging a pillow 




 Being diagnosed with a life threatening illness while depressed.  




 That scene in the Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies when Thranduil dismounts off his big gay moose/elk and lands ready to kick some ass. Panty dropper. 




 I guess i'm just too shy when it comes to hitting on guys - I'd rather wait for them to hit on me but if they're shy too it's just a stalemate.  




 First year at uni -  stressed 18yo, my friends were smokers so I thought i'd give it a shot too. I thought I would be able to easily give up whenever I wanted, I was wrong. Turning 30 soon, I want to quit before I turn 30 but I'm still craving at least one a day.  




 What did you order? 




 Celebrities such as A/B/C/D list actors/actresses; sports stars; musicians etc. 




 Really wanna test this now now now but i'm at work :( 




 Scared of being rejected 




 Hey - don't stop doing what you're doing. 
I personally don't think we have a valid excuse to be rude to guys who approach us simply because we're "not in the mood" or we're already taken. If you genuinely just want to say hi and start a friendly conversation, there shouldn't be anything wrong with that!

If you're being sleazy/creepy and all up in our personal space too soon and getting touchy/feely - our body language will tell you we're uncomfortable then yeah, chances are you're going to end up getting rejected. Outside of these kind of scenarios - a rude bullshit snappy "not interested" is pretty stink. Turn right around and walk away - you just dodged a bullet. 
 




 Exactly! And then if the answer is no you can move on. What have you got to lose? Good luck and let us know how it went!!

In my opinion, when my texts start getting a bit sparse and short i'm actually just politely answering your texts but I'm also losing or feigning interest - I need to stop doing that and just be up front.  




 Why buy the cow if the milk is free? 




 Start up another convo with her!  




