 What's even the point of crib bumpers anyways?  Just big fluffy decorative crib wall pillows of death that look nice? 




 The part of Inception that I found to be deep was Dom and Mal, with the whole token thing. It's possible that during the entire movie Dom was asleep and Mal kept infiltrating in an attempt to wake him up, but he perceived her to be a threat to his missions instead.  There's also theories about each of the characters being alts in Dom's dreams, which are always against Mal's invasions.

Unless I'm just 100% incorrect, which I may be.  I formed this hypothesis while under the influence. 




 This is my first week back at work since having my baby.  So sad and so tired.   




 I'm going to disagree with everyone here about the calories.

If your doctor suggested that low, I say go for it.  Plenty of morbidly obese people jump start their weight loss with doctor-supervised diets with crazy low calories.  That's just what your diet is, doctor supervised.  Your doctor isn't an idiot, he is highly educated in metabolic disorders and he suggested it for a reason.  Whether it be because your BMR is lower due to PCOS (see below) or as a means to reduce your stomach size and make you fuller faster, I would personally take his advice.

[Also, there have been studies performed on PCOS's effect on BMR, and it has been shown that women with PCOS and insulin resistance have a BMR lower than the average non PCOS/IR woman by as much as 700 calories.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18678372)  So if an average woman burns 1800 calories/day at your weight, you may actually only burn 1100 calories/day.   




 http://i.imgur.com/Gh2GzLF.jpg 




 I agree absolutely. That's one of the reasons why I don't advertise my faith, because I know I'm not a great representative. The big things I struggle with are external, easily seen by others.  




 Definitely agree with you.  I'm a Christian and the whole point about being a Christian is that we are absolutely imperfect and sinners.  Yes, we as Christians should strive to be more like Jesus, but it's impossible to not be sinners.  Honestly, if I was called out by someone who didn't share my faith I would be a little peeved, because the person calling me out doesn't share the same perspective I do.  Call me out on just being a bad human being if I am, don't bring my faith into it unless you're another Christian who I also consider a good friend trying to keep me accountable. 




 Why do researchers include SIDS in these studies?  I thought SIDS =\= accidental suffocation. 




 I was really off-put by him too, mostly by the bragging.  Bitch, I don't care that you were in nip/tuck.  Just because professionals made you up and put you in front of a camera doesn't mean you're a great drag queen. 




 Yes, my husband did.  We were juniors in college and had known each other since 7th grade.  We dated for 6 months in 9th grade until I dumped him, but we stayed best friends.  During college I would hang out with him when we were both home and we would usually end up making out most of the time.  I had made up my mind, though, that I wouldn't date him or be with him and let him know.

During the fall semester, I saw on facebook that he had entered a relationship with a girl I knew he was only with because he was lonely.  I realized how much I cared for him when I saw that post.  It was like a punch to the gut.  So I called him up and professed my love for him, knowing he loved me back.

He called his gf that night and dumped her and we started dating immediately.  We didn't make it social media official for a few months so that we wouldn't hurt the other girl's feelings by immediately bragging.  

Got married a couple years later and now have a 7 week old son together.  I don't regret it at all.  I am sorry I went about it the way I did, by hurting another girl.   




 Good luck!  My tip: eat as much as you want at the beginning.  You may either be ravenous and want to eat as much as you did before, or you may get really full really quickly due to the high fat content.  Don't worry about calories these first couple of weeks, just work on getting keto adapted.  Once you're keto adapted your body will probably start talking to you more clearly and let you know when you are truly full.   




 Whoa, DeLa was unrecognizable.  




 I've never personally come across a doctor who wasn't pro keto, especially considering the fact that I have PCOS and am pre diabetic. The medical professionals I come across that are against it are nutritionists and dietitians.  




 Most people I have encountered via social media don't see it this way. They see it as a murder, almost certainly because of the way he was portrayed in the media, as an angel faced innocent victim.  




 It seems like all the guidelines for reducing SIDS are actually reducing accidental suffocation. They say things like "to reduce the risk of SIDS, keep all fluffy blankets and bumpers out of the crib due to risk of suffocation". Ok, that's not SIDS, that's accidental suffocation.  




 Tell him you feel his priorities lie elsewhere and that it's really hurting your feelings and starting to make you feel resentful. My husband can fall into similar patterns and for him it usually coincides with when he's feeling depressed.  




 If he's anything like my husband the baby's crying won't wake him.  




 Awesome!! So glad everything is going well.  Thinking of yall and sending speedy recovery vibes! 




 In the middle of a panic attack: just calm down!

No way, I never would've thought about that! Thank you for solving this mental illness for millions of people!! 




 Something similar happened to a friend's gerbil. Gerbil got out and was lost for a few hours. Phone rings, friend runs to get it and the gerbil darts under his feet mid stride. The result was unpleasant.  




 MAID SERVICE 




 I'm formula feeding so no worries there. Though he won't eat more than will last him 3 hours, but it may be worth looking into :) 




 I will have to check out that book. Until 6 weeks was your LO still on waking every 3-5 hours or so to feed?  Does your LO sleep in his/her own room now at 6 weeks? 




 Same for mine, I just started swaddling my baby's lower half because he'll fight his arms free if I don't.  




 My LO is 4 weeks old and every day he is a little more awake than the day before. When does his sleep schedule get more...normal? When should I start setting a designated "bedtime" and naptimes? Right now we are just playing it by ear based on when he eats. I will admit we are encouraging a little more sleep during the day, which i think is starting to backfire and keep him awake at night. It's just hard having to pack an apartment with a wide awake baby and 2 cats who still aren't used to him yet.  




 Mine are mostly irrational. 

Alexis Mateo: I just can't stand her face or voice. I especially hated her during the patriotism challenge when she was jumping, shrill voiced, and unintelligible. 

Coco: I'm all about Alyssa and thought the drama was so unnecessary. She seemed so fake during s5. And she looks a hot mess in her Oraquick commercial

Adore: I hate her voice. I had to work to get through season 6 just because of her voice. 

Laganja: hate her voice and how incredibly fake she is. And we get it, you smoke weed. I don't like that it's your shtick.  




 [Here you go](http://i.perezhilton.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/taylor-swift-plaid-poncho-dolce-and-gabbana-nyc-street-style__oPt.jpg) for the knit poncho.  Totally doable and fashionable 




 Perez Hilton.   Can't stand the guy but can't give up his site 




 This is super random but I follow a woman on INstagram who is really into lifting and lives in Singapore. She is also a strength coach at a gym.  PM me for her Instagram name (cb I don't want to share personal info on here publicly), her gym might suit you! 




 I did before I got pregnant. I'm 4 weeks postpartum now and really itching to get back into the gym and start stronglifts again. Cardio just doesn't do it for me, but I'm going to start c25k with my husband soon because he wants to start running. I see so much more progress from lifting anyways. And it gets your metabolism up afterwards  for a lot longer than cardio 




 Gone Girl is seriously good. Those other books are nowhere near that level.  




 Biomedical engineering. Mathematics with a minor in finance or computer science, and take bio and anatomy as your prerequisite sciences.  




 http://i.imgur.com/5cBiXcI.jpg

Rhys is 4 weeks old today! We also got asked to be the Holy family at our church's Christmas Eve service! 




 I use coconut oil on the flanges. I have the spray kind so it's really convenient.  




 Lmao yeah that's what it looks like.  




 For me, I needed more newborn onesies. I think we have about 15 or 16 and I do laundry every other day. I always  have about 3 in my diaper bag, and 3 in my husband's, that way there's no need to do much prep right before going out.  




 I made one myself with a cheap sports bra and a pair of scissors ;) 




 God yes, regarding constipation. 

As an addendum: if you had to have antibiotics in the hospital, your stool softeners are 10 times as important. Your gut flora will be gone and your shits will be like bricks until you can build it up again. I'm 3 weeks PP and still crapping bricks. Started drinking kefir to get everything back on track.  




 Surprised to find 30 Rock this far down. I fall asleep to it every night and still find new jokes all the time.  




 My pediatrician said one week for supply to really diminish drastically  




 I'm also on the relactation road, though I never got a good start with my newborn and am trying 3 weeks down the road. 

It's worth noting that dopimeridone (sp) is not available in the US for relactation purposes. Reglan is, but has worse side effects. 

Good luck! 




 I do the same immune system justification when my newborn's pacifiers fall on the ground.  I pick any visible lint off of it and pop it right back in.   




 Happy and healing thoughts going out to you and Owen! Good luck little man! 




 I agree that the attitude of "if he doesn't smoke he will drink" is ridiculous. And all the excuses he uses are ridiculous. If he wants to smoke pot, that should be it. But if he's self medicating and can't go a day without it, that's not great. 

My husband smokes, and he smokes every day.  He only smokes when he has his free time, even though he works from home. If his pot smoking got in the way of his responsibilities around the house, I would have a different opinion. But if he's pulling his weight, I'm fine with it.  




 I punched a couple holes in the drywall of my childhood house during arguments with my parents. I chalk it up to teenager hormones and unresolved mental illness. Much better now  




 My husband works from home and has a standing desk. He's 6'2, and he had baby laying on the desk with one hand around him. Baby rolls/wiggles off the desk at 2 weeks old and lands on his stomach. Cue husband hysterics. Took baby to doctor, got x Rays just in case, baby was fine. I've hit his head a few times, including on the infant carrier like you did. Babies are a lot more resilient than we think.  




 God yes, no soup has ever come close to that one. 




 That's basically what confirmation is in the church.  




 I smoked weed after getting pretty drunk on my 21st birthday. Results were not pretty. Basically what you described but with a lot more vomit.  




 My LO was born 10/15 and I'm still bleeding. I was told if I bleed through a pad in an hour or pass anything bigger than a softball to go in to the ER. Right now it's just like a light period but about a week ago I passed a huge clot and was still bleeding like a normal period. It's possible to bleed for 6-9 weeks PP. If you're concerned, call doctor on Monday. If you have insurance, there should be a Nurse's line you can call if you have questions 




 Wow, big for 35+6! Congrats, he's beautiful! 




 All of mine have been mentioned except Taylor Swift (don't judge) and Joni Mitchell.  




 God yes. I walked down the aisle to her cover of "can't help falling in love with you".  




 I strongly suggest you speak to your doctor about this.  It definitely sounds like PPD, and if it's affecting you this much there's no harm in getting help for it.  You're doing a great job.  You've been through a lot, but those "mistakes" you're beating yourself up about won't mean anything in the long run.  Your mental health, however, means a lot in the long run, you need to take care of yourself.   




 Congrats!  You're a superwoman for having to go through that, I have huge respect for all natural birthing women.  I sat through 90 minutes of real contractions before I screamed for the epidural, I couldn't do it.  You're a powerhouse!

She's precious, and I adore her name! 




 Yup, but you get an awesome button you can push to deliver more medicine. It's like a spine IV. You can get shots of different pain medicines but I found they really didn't help. I got stadol before my epidural and it just made me feel drunk. I still felt the contractions and the loopiness just pissed me off.  




 The same thing goes for anxiety! I had to get on low dose Prozac due to antenatal anxiety. If it's interfering with your everyday life, see a doctor. So glad you did! 




 Happy Valley is so good!  I second this recommendation. 




 Not OP but I won't take shrooms for mental health benefits outside of a clinical setting because I have panic disorder and I don't want a bad trip to send me into seemingly endless panic attacks. If I could take them in a hospital or overnight clinic under a psychiatrist's supervision I would be way more comfortable. I imagine someone with severe depression wouldn't want to risk possible outcomes of a bad trip either.  




 Are acrylic and solar nails the same? I get solar nails every 2 weeks. I pick at nail polish and bite my nails if I don't have these fake ones out on, so I look more put together.  




 Met in 7th grade English class. Dated in 9th grade, broke up, then stayed good friends afterwards. Messed around a bit in college with no strings attached. He started dating someone casually our junior year of college and I realized how much I really cared about him. Declared my love for him and he stopped seeing the girl and started dating me exclusively. Engaged 18 months later, then married 2.5 years after that (age 24). We just had our first child together 2 weeks ago. No regrets, I'm crazy about the guy.  




 He's had some pretty horrible blog posts in the past. Maybe his recent actions are trying to make up for those.  




 I feel you. I have an irrational hatred for him and his never changing outfit.  




 The baby is in a bassinet next to the bed. My husband can just sleep through literally anything! It's ridiculous.  




 I just take advantage of my long nails and tickle him until he wakes up enough to stop.  Unfortunately he usually has two silent breaths between then and when the snoring starts up again.  Thankfully since baby was born I've been able to sleep through it if I get a head start, but once he starts and I'm still awake there's no hope. 




 I'm resisting the urge to kick my husband right now. I got sleep in 15 min increments last night due to fussy baby. He slept like a rock for 6 hours. I lay down to take a nap and he follows me and passes out in 2 minutes with loud snoring. And now I'm about 20 min away from the next feeding so what's the point in napping now? 




 http://i.imgur.com/yUc7oM3.jpg

My little nugget is 2 weeks old today! So in love.  




 Dang! My labor was only 18 hours from water breaking to birth. Did you get an infection? I got chorio, that was no fun 




 You should see some of the children's names in Utah. Mormons have recently had an affinity for naming their kids really weird things, or using really odd spellings. I know a woman who named her daughter Nayvie.  




 Any chewing gum worked for me. Chewing gum tells your stomach to digest quicker because it fools it into "thinking" more food is incoming. Neat trick.  




 I go to Houston Adult Psychiatry and am very pleased with them.  




 Exactly my thought. But I think he equated medication with severe insanity and weakness.  




 Had an ex who got mad at me for going to therapy and being on antidepressants. All because he had an ex who was seriously insane who was on psychiatric medication (anti psychotics).  




 Though he is my least favorite RPDR judge, he was fucking hilarious on Project Runway. 




 I second the diaper champ. My husband and I refused any other kind because 90% of others use proprietary bags, which we didn't want to pay for. We empty it probably every 36 hours with a newborn but it holds the smell.  




 How tight is that tuck?! 




 Definitely poked it 




 Yup, the one I passed last week was about the size of a golf ball.  Didn't hurt or anything, but it was a really weird feeling and traumatizing to see. 




 Not /u/BiThrowAwayForReddit but my husband is bisexual and is in a heterosexual relationship with me.  Not sure if he would have abstained from homosexual relationships had we not gotten married, since he truly embraced his bisexual identity when we were engaged 




 I had never experienced these elusive period chunks/clots.  Then I gave birth.  The clots that pass after giving birth... holy shit. 




 The same thing is happening with our son, but I've found the one thing that helps him fall back asleep after nighttime feedings is swaddling him.  Maybe a pacifier if he will take one, but usually the swaddling is enough to keep him asleep. 




 evangelical Lutheran church of America. Ordains women and openly gay persons. The most accepting Lutheran denomination from my personal experience.  




 I decided to formula feed and have thankfully not experienced any prejudice so far. But I'm also not sharing my choice on social media. Basically only family knows and they are fine with it. My husband and I were both formula babies and we are just fine. My reasoning is largely centered around my mental health but even if I said "I just don't want to" there should be no discussion about it. 

If anyone asked me I would just say "my baby, my breasts, my choice."  




 Yeah closest one I can think of is 290 at Mueschke but it's a tiny one.  




 I was going to say the Quran 




 Proud of you! 3 




 I just had my baby and I didn't qualify for FMLA because the company I work for is only 24 people (minimum to guarantee is 50).  I am taking 6 weeks off (in addition to 4 weeks of mandated bed rest), all I needed was a note from the doctor.  I didn't even have to bring anything in, I just gave my doctor the number to our HR person and they took care of everything.  

Granted it differs from company to company, but I guess I lucked out with mine because I'll be going back after the mandated 6 weeks.  The leave is just considered non-FMLA 




 Also /r/CautiousBB for the super cautious soon-to-be mom! 




 It actually didn't bother me too much. He was super complimentary afterwards, saying I was a superstar and did an awesome job pushing him out. But I'm pretty darn proud of myself :) 




 I had my little man, Rhys Adam, on Wednesday, 10/15, at 37+3.  

On 9/15 I had an appointment with my OB and my BP was 140/90.  I was sent to L D triage for monitoring and it was determined I just had a little gestational hypertension (no pre-e!).  So my doctor put me on modified bed rest and I was officially starting my maternity leave.

At my 36 week appointment, my doctor did a cervical check and said my cervix was thin but not dilated.  Two days previous I had lost my mucous plug, but I knew not to hold my breath.  At my 37 week appointment it was the same thing, thin cervix, still pretty high.

Tuesday I got what I now assume was the nesting bug.  I didn't furiously clean, I just straightened up, finished washing all the clothes, ran a couple of errands, but still stayed mostly seated/relaxed.  I hadn't been doing anything to get labor started.  No dates, no pineapple, no castor oil, nothing.  I decided it had been too long since getting busy with the husband so we got down to business.  I couldn't sleep, so I stayed up watching Netflix.  At about 1am I decided it was time to crawl into bed.  I lift one leg onto the bed and feel a trickle that was definitely NOT urine.  So I tell my husband, stand around for a little, and there was another small gush.  We pack up and head to the hospital because I didn't want to wait around with broken water.

We get to the hospital and I have to check in at the ER before they take me to L D triage.  As I was sitting filling out the check in form... GUSH.  Water broken, no doubt about it.  We get to L D triage and it's confirmed.  L D was pretty busy around that time so we hung out for a few hours until they got a room prepared for us.  We arrived at L D triage at 1:40am and got put in a room around 3:30am.  I wasn't having any contractions so they started pitocin.  My mom and MIL arrived at 5:40am.

Around 7am the contractions really started and I was dilated up to 3cm.  I asked for something for the pain and they gave me Stadol and Zofran. As the contractions ramped up, I realized the stadol was doing nothing for me.  I was squeezing DH's hand, and everything was incredibly annoying during the contractions.  They must have been about a minute apart.

At 8:30am I couldn't take any more.  I was at 4cm and I got my epidural.  Sweet relief.  The next 8 hours or so I just continued dilating, watching HGTV, and chatting with my family.  Around 4:30pm I noticed I was getting the shivers but I assumed it was from the epidural.  At 5pm it was confirmed I was at 10cm and it was time to start pushing, but I had started running a fever.  My nurse told me if i gets above 99.5 then I would have something called Chorioamnionitis.  Basically since my water had been broken so long and I'd had a few cervical checks, I started getting an infection.  Not much later my fever bypassed that.  They started me on some antibiotics while I started pushing.

Doctor checked me at 10cm and made a comment about how narrow my pelvis was, commenting about my pubic bone and the position.  He said we'll probably have to do a c-section but we can start pushing.

Pushing wasn't too bad honestly. I had great coaches in my husband and the awesome L D nurse I had. I just felt like a softball was passing painlessly through my vagina.  At 6pm the doctor came back in with the delivery team and everyone started preparing for little man's arrival.  At 6:17pm he was born.  6lb 11.5oz, 19.75 inches.  He had a fever from the chorio, but otherwise he was perfect.  

I had an episiotomy and 2nd degree tear.  I'm so in love with this little guy that everything I went through was so worth it.

Because of the chorio, he had to stay 48 hours in the NICU.  His blood cultures were monitored and once both of us were pumped full of antibiotics and determined to be infection free, we got to go home Friday night!  His bilirubin levels were a little high so we had to go back in for a test on Saturday morning.  He barely passed, but we decided to do 24 hours of phototherapy anyways because he wasn't eating as much as he needed to in order to get rid of the jaundice.

He came home for good yesterday morning at 10am and it's been wonderful ever since!  

Pictures:

http://i.imgur.com/WFWl2fm.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/0YwmyIQ.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/HO93Duu.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/ARXHIN5.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/NLZCuIL.jpg


 




 It's ridiculous. The tax hike and elimination of insurance premiums would result in less money out of pocket for the average American.  




 Congrats, mama! Love the name ;) 




 How exciting! Come on baby!!! 




 I had a baby Wednesday evening. That's when it hit me. I'm responsible for another human life.  




 :) 




 Yes it's like Reese. Old Welsh name.  









 Baptism in a few months ;) he's got all his fingers and toes thankfully! They must have just missed one.  




 http://i.imgur.com/CpmGytI.png

Rhys Adam was born at 6:17pm and is perfect. Thank you for your thoughts and prayers! 




 Boy!  




 Absolutely! Baby will be getting hepatitis shot in hospital and will be receiving all necessary vaccines  




 Didn't get to nipple stimulation, but I did have sex about 3 hours before water broke. Epidural are the shit, contractions are hell. I have such respect now for moms who do it all natural. Now that the epidural is in I'm napping and just chilling.  




 Contractions hadn't started and we were just waiting around. Epidural in now. Just chilling again!  




 Of course! Just got epidural. As soon as it broke I went in to the hospital. Been under doctor supervision the entire pregnancy. Everything looks good so far! 




 I'm 37 weeks so not a big deal, I'm just super nervous and having typical pregnant lady anxieties. Will I be a good mother? All that jazz.  




 Was climbing into bed when I felt an uncontrollable trickle. Kept trickling so I went to the hospital and in the ER waiting area... GUSH. Only 1cm and 70% effaced but baby Rhys wants OUT. I guess I'll be here quite a while before he comes out. 

Wish me luck! I'm freaking out!! 




 Two cats: Walter and Evelyn. Walter after Dr Walter Bishop from fringe because he was a peculiar kitten. Evelyn because my husband's name is Adam. Adam and Eve. Eve is short for Evelyn. We never call her Eve though. But the name cracks people up because they're just such human names.  




 If it gets to the point where it's interfering with your day to day life, you need to tell your doctor about it (whether it be your GP or OB).  Occasional anxiety is normal, but when it's every day and gets in the way of your life, it needs more attention.  Some medications are safe during pregnancy and breast feeding and your mental health is of utmost importance right now and after you deliver baby. 




 He's precious! Congratulations!  Make a new post and get some karma ;) 




 Yes.  I had a history of anxiety and depression beforehand, and I weaned off my meds in month 2.  Month 6 rolls around and BAM, anxiety is back worse than ever.  I'm now on low dose Prozac to help.

But anxiety during pregnancy is common, even for those people who haven't experienced it before.  Just take deep breaths and breathe for as long as it takes to pass.  Don't take your pulse during this time, it just causes a negative feedback loop.  That is, you feel your pulse, you feel it's fast, and you panic because it's fast, causing it to go faster.

I have to take my BP twice daily due to gestational hypertension, and honestly my pulse is anywhere between 90 and 115.  Doctor said this is fine, as your heart rate during pregnancy is going to increase due to more blood in your body.

Just deep breaths, everything will be fine.  If you do realize something is triggering them, just tell yourself "panicking will do nothing to help the situation."  Stay away from Dr. Google. 




 Nope, everyone I've talked to (OB, OB nurses, midwives, and mothers who tried it) said it's a waste of money.  Eat dates, have sex, and do nipple stimulation.  Those are the only things that have been shown to have some effect on labor. 




 I'm more hormonal and emotional.  I've gained significant weight.  We've been approved for a rental house.  Baby coming soon (like, 3 weeks soon), big life change.

Let me just say, pregnancy sucks.  For most women it is not the beautiful miracle of creating life, it's disgusting, emotionally draining, and exhausting.  I don't think I'll be doing this again. 




 Don't have a specific place in mind but it would be chicken nuggets topped with mashed potatoes and white fluffy dinner rolls with a donut for dessert on the side.  It would be called "white and bland."   




 I'm due a day after you and omg yes.  Come on, babies.  No shame in being line jumpers!  The only reason I *don't* want to go into labor now is because I'm super tired after nesting all day. 




 Whaaat?  I'm 37 weeks and lost my plug two days ago.  No sign of anything since.  Tell her it doesn't mean anything and that it's gross. 




 Talk about terrifying!  So glad everything worked out for the best, though! Hope you can take your precious bundle home as soon as possible :) 




 Thanks :) I'm still a little hesitant because it's not used much in the US but I always get positive reactions. Come on baby Rhys! 




