 i didnt think it was 




 im going in a group of three and really want to meet new people, i am going all three days

EDIT: if someone wants to make a thread or a page for us to talk/plan meetups that would be awesome! 




 oh shoot! is that a rule here? 









 I will thank you,  




 what price? 




 no problem! I got a few offers around my area 




 thanks for the advice! 




 Serbia Film is the most disturbing one ive seen 




 i vomited after watching it, and im not easily disturbed 




 damn, im from michigan so its a little difficult. should i look for someone in my state to get it from? im only r/concerttickets is that any more reliable than craigslist? 




 invisible monsters is beautiful 




 they made us read this in my 8th grade class, terribly morbid for 13 year olds 




 i live a good 4 or 5 hours away, what is the best method of getting the tickets through craigslist  




 Thank you, I will check it out, is it reliable?  




 (reasonably priced, ill really take any offer) 




 thats good enough for me. thank you, 




 complications happened and i no longer have mine. help would be appreciated 




 I'm from Michigan! You couldnt mail it to someone? especially someone as close as michigan? i'm in dire need of a wristband 




 i watched. i cried. i vomited. but... i conquered.  




 wow, i totally get this. i always seem to make dumb decision that are really influenced by my anxiety 




 i am also 15 and lurk on this subreddit! i've been seeing a therapist for anxiety for over a year. PM me we can talk! 









 am i too late? id like to buy
 




 Dust?  




 no problem! its been about 24 hours since i smoked and ive just been sleeping and lying in bed all day. I asked the guy i smoked with how he was doing and he said it was amazing for him. He smokes a ton everyday so i feel i cant really compare myself to him. It might be fair to mention that i took my anti-anxiety/depression pill right after i smoked because i have to take it at night. i take lexapro, just info if anyone knows if this contributes 




 thanks! you might has misunderstood as i have smoked alot before. i started in january and really usually just sit on the computer or talk to my friends when i'm high. I never really know what strain i'm smoking because where i live it doesnt really matter. that's what concerns me the most, is WHAT i was smoking seeing as it wasnt like the other times. 




 my friends we sober, they hadnt smoked anything. It is bad if it was laced? 




 so im a fairly new smoker and have never really gotten to high when i smoked with friends. Last night i smoked out of a gravity bong with some guys and then went home with my 2 best friends. almost immediately i knew something was weird throughout the night i would start sobbing uncontrollably, shaking and being unresponsive to my friends. they said everything i said made absolutely no sense at all. When i woke up this morning i remembered very little from last night. can anyone explain to me what happened? 




 two of my friends are over but i just want to end it. I cant think or breathe. i need help

EDIT: thank you for the messages, i woke up this morning and cannot remember much from last night except for shaking and crying, i just logged on to see your messages on a post i dont remember making.i just wanted to say thanks 




 god, my friends love die antwoord, they listen to them all the time, i think its horrible and creepy!! 




 Great game! those damn crows are freaky 




 it's just giving me a lot of anxiety 




 i wouldnt deny it. im gald i did because it made me 100% sure of my sexuality but people can be mean 




 3333 




 i dont want the reputation its going to give me 




 oh god youre so right how can i ever make up for my tomfoolery?  




 you can suck my dick for starters 




 im not a lesbian.  




 Me and my friend's realtionship is fine, but im worried my mother will find out, (she works closely with the summer program that all my school kids are in) 




 the girl who is telling everyone is doing it specifically to hurt me. how do i deal with her? 




 sorry i wasnt asking the opinion of an immature nerdy dweeb  




 way to be an asshole you self righteous prick xx 




 So here's the story, my best friend and i are both quirky strange people who are really affectionate to eachother. we hold hands in the hallway and hug; though we both know that its purely platonic. We're both girls. One night while she was staying the night we were both really horny and decided to make out. After we were done we both laughed it off and said it sucked, and everything was back to normal with us. We're both straight. BUT someone found out and told everyone that we made out, everyone knows and i dont know what to do about it. I'm more embarassed than upset but i dont want to be labeled "that girl" any advice on what to do?

TLDR: i made out with my best friend of the same gender. there are no awkward feelings towards eachother. everyone knows now. what do we do now? 









 youre from Michigan!?! so am i! 




 i was really rooting for Hitler there 




 ICONA POP 




 thats really lovely :) 




