 I am one of the people that actually enjoy going to the parties! 




 Yeah, all of the jobs around here at the moment want availability until 10pm and over the weekend. 




 They do both seem to be better companies than a LOT of the other work from home companies I have researched. 




 Thank you! 




 Why though? 




 I just wonder how the people repping at the parties manage to make money then? 




 I guess I just feel he could be a little more supportive as I gave up my career to support him in his job which involves moving every three to four years. 




 Can you say why you would side with him? (out of interest) 




 Thank you for your reply! 









 Ovarian cyst with torsion. I told the ER doc that I would rather go through natural childbirth again than have another hour of the pain. And that was after they had given me dilaudid. 




 One on my lip and one on my ear from falling into a post hole aged 18 months.
Appendectomy scar on my stomach (duh!).
Six  1 inch scars on my stomach from laparoscopic surgery to remove ovarian cysts.
Three inch scar on each of my knees as well as three  1cm scars on my left knee, and six  1cm scars on my right knee from cartilage tearing and joint clean out. 




 Sorry for the spelling :-) 




 Admittedly I have seen in the US (after living in the UK) that Drs no longer hand out antibiotics as frequently, but there is a bigger issue in the US. I refer to the simple antiseptic creams available on suoermarket shelves. In the UK you buy a simple antiseptic to treat a small wound, scrape or burn. In the US it is nearly impossibe to but such a cream that does NOT contain an antibiotic. In fact a majority of the cream available on shelves in the US contain between 3 and 4 different antibiotics. And people use these frequently when in all honesty, a simple antiseptic would work just as efficiently.  




 I didn't know.
 




 Except that they can be fined for leaving snow on pathways. 




 We have had to dig out our car a few times and we moved here 18 months ago! 




 We do (Aurora). 




 The ibuprofen (and Naproxen) works as an anti-inflammatory drug. It is not only for pain, but for reducing swelling and inflammation. Pretty important for the OP. Not all painkillers are designed to do the same job, which is why Drs often 'layer' them together.  




 OP needs to check rule #2 then :-) 




 All the hipster kids look like minors to me now. Im getting old! 




 Is that a male or female? 




 Perhaps they should try some oxy for that 'fun' high! It just makes me ache less and very tired but not able to sleep for some reason. Do check out wiki for hypermobility and hypermobility syndrome. Ask about it when you see your chiro or MD next. Although there is nothing you can really do about it, there are lots of things you can do to help it becoming a bigger problem. It is not readily picked up on in general screening, but it can have a big impact if your medical team are aware of it. Eg I had surgery two weeks ago and had to talk to the recovery team about moving me between the beds. I didn't want them pulling my arm and freaking out because they dislocated my shoulder! They were awesome and made sure everyone knew to slide me on sheets, or to support my joints realky well when moving me.

I know a few people like your brother. They feel that their past experiences mean that they have superior knowledge over others when it comes to drugs. I hope he stops being an ass and starts supporting you soon. Maybe he is jealous he cant get high anymore? :-) 




 If you didn't need them, your Dr would not be refilling your rx. So, unless you are buying them off some shady dude on a street corner, you are not doing anything wrong. 

I live with an 'invisible illness' just as you do. Admittedly, at the moment, mine is no where near as bad as yours, but I live with pain, and I know it will only get worse as I get older. 

People do not understand pain as an 'illness'. It is hard for people to see you walking around without any physical imparement, looking, as it were, 'normal'. They don't see that every step you take hurts, because you have gotten good at hiding the grimaces. You play down the pain bacause you don't want to be talking about it all the time. People don't understand the sleep deprivation from waking every hour from the pain because you have moved in your sleep into a painful position.

I completely understand your not wanting to take the narcotics, but sometimes you have to do what you have to do to get through the day.

When your chiro said you were flexible, did they check you for hypermobility? Hypermobility Syndrome is characterised by extremely lax ligaments, and could possibly go some way to explaining some of your pain (the ligaments don't hold your muscles and joints together properly causing joint and muscular pain). Just throwing that out there as something to look at!

I found pilates and yoga quite good for teaching me breathing techniques to breathe through the pain, and also for strengthening my core muscles to provide better stability for my skeleton.

Pain and depression are intrinsically linked. When I am having a bad time with my pain, the depression quickly follows. 

Sorry that there is no more that I can add. Just that I know how it can be with people judging you for taking so many drugs, without really even being in the situation to understand why.

Sorry for any typos, spelling, 10mg oxy on board tonight :-) 




 Anything involving hot oil. 




 Chill the malt loaf in the fridge, then slice gently with minimal downwards pressure. Allow to return to room temperature. Take a block of butter and cut a thin slice. Place sliced butter onto malt loaf. A block of Anchor butter cut on the smallest rectangle fits a slice of malt loaf perfectly with no need to spread. Repeat until you have eaten the entire loaf and are filled with a strange mix of fruit and self-loathing.

Edit: Oh god I miss Malt Loaf living in the US at the moment! 




 Sipping room temp water and watching The Simpsons Movie to take my mind of the sugar swirling in my stomach! 




 And it is so hard to just have one! 




 Peanut butter and white chocolate. Sooo good, but now I feel soooo sick from the sugar rush! 




 I would have, but the kids were in bed and my husband was out... What's a girl to do? :-) 









 No problem! 




 That is so cute! I wish you every success in your big move and your future together!
EDIT p.s. Moving is pretty awesome sexually - so many new places to do it! :-) 




 Thank you! :) 




 We both kind of had a 'love at first sight' thing going when we met. Thankfully we were able to spend a lot of time together, getting to know about ourselves, without the stress of being alone together as we met at university and we were part of the same social group. We started officially dating about four weeks after meeting each other. We moved in with each other after two years of dating (and basically living together anyway!), he proposed after a year of living together and we were married three years later. We decided to have a long engagement as we were not financially, or to be honest, emotionally ready to be married, and we both wanted to save to enjoy our dream day.
We did not abstain from sex early in the relationship, and really learned through each other what sex was all about! We had a lot of fun researching and trying out new things, and we still do to this day. As we have grown older, our tastes have changes and we have been able to get through this by being open and communicative with each other. 

I guess when I first met him I could see myself with him forever because of the way he made me feel about him and myself.
He was 18 and not really thinking more long term than his next dinner :) 




 Good! I hope it gets even better for you :) 




 They did several pregnancy tests and ultrasounds before the surgery. I had tubal ligation as the sterilization method.
EDIT- I forgot to mention that I was also days away from my next period, so any test would have indicated pregnancy. 




 Thank you! I hope you find that feeling again :-) 




 Thank you. One of the reasons I wanted to post this was because I rarely see comments here from 'older' people in maturing relationships. We seem to fade away into monotonous sex-once-a-week drudgery. I just wanted to share my experience with my husband, and to say that it can still be new and exciting, even after all this time :-) 




 I hope so! It really does take time and communication. If you have those, I think you can get through most things :-) 




 Lol. Thank you :-) 




 I am just glad that we have weathered the storms together so far. I couldn't imagine having this depth of relationship with anyone else! Time and communication are definately some of the biggest factors in a good sexual relationship :-) 




 Thank you :-) 




 Thank you, glad to be making people happy! :-) 




 Thank you :-) 




 Thank you! I am very lucky to have someone to put up with me! :-) 




 The fear of pregnancy really did affect my view of sex as I got older. It went from being fun and exciting, to worrying and stressful. Have you ever used a cycle calendar that estimates your most fertile dstes? I used one to work out when I was ovulating and most fertile and we avoided sex around those days (even though we were using protection). It gave me a little more confidence in not getting pregnant! 




 Thank you! I am just so amazed by how differently I feel about sex now, no more end of month panicing! 




 Not a bad thing at all if it gives you hope! Good luck for you and your SO :-) 




 For me, when I am depressed, I don't have the energy physically to 'want' sex. I feel ugly and worthless, and that anyone who wants to be near me is only doing it for their own needs, or to pity me. Obviously I know that us not true, but depression can make your mind very irrational. Try having non-sexual dates. Go back to when you would walk together just holding hands. Take away any sexual pressures, but keep intimacy through smaller gestures like a kiss on the cheek, a stroke of his back as you pass him. Little things can really go a long way. Take an evening out each week just to get out, away from everything, and enjoy each others company. If I am able to get out if my depressive 'rut' I find it easier to feel better about myself, then the sexual side if things returns pretty soon. I don't know if he would be into it, but reading erotica with a good storyline usually helps to get me in the mood! Remember it is not your fault, it is the pain in the backside depression that is altering his outlook on life. I hope you both get through this soon :-) 




 I asked my surgeon and she told me that female sterilization basically gives instant protection. There are risks involved because it is a much more invasive surgery than a vasectomy, but as I was having surgery anyway, there was no real drawback for me. I had two large cysts removed. One from each ovary. 




 Oh, the way he licks that spoon...hnnngh! 




 Oh we had our share of rough patches! Sleep deprivation and a complete and utter change to your life is never going to be easy! I am happy for you that you and your wife have made it through :-) 




 He really is! I am very lucky to have him. 




 My husband and I have always had a pretty good sexual relationship. We were both virgins when we met 14 years ago, aged 18. We started with very straightforward and 'vanilla' sex, and blossomed into being able to delve into each others desires and fantasies. We went from missionary position every time, to exploring positions, to watching porn together, to buying our first sex toys, to exploring deeper and darker fantasies as our relationship progressed and we matured sexually.

We have two young children, and it can be very hard at times to be in the mood for sex. A quickie is near impossible when you have a child that needs their butt wiping all of a sudden! We have had many night times where they have woken crying, close calls with interruptions and a couple of sleepwalking incidents that were thankfully never mentioned in the morning.

My husband has been fantastic in accepting that the birth of both my children had a huge effect on my libido (and body). He still tells me how sexy I am, and how much he wants me, even when I am bemoaning my stretch marks and drooping bosom. He held me close, never demanding, and waited an incredibly long time after both of the births for me to be ready for sexual contact of any sort again.

He has stood by me through many battles with depression, and understands that because I have to take antidepressive meds long term, I stuggle with my libido, and sometimes I just can't be in 'that mood' at all. He still sleeps patiently beside me, cuddling and loving me never pushing me for sex, never making me feel like it is nescessary to keep our relationship together. He welcomes sex when I initiate it, but always ensures that I am satisfied before satisfying himself. Even if it has been several weeks, he never rushes me or takes only for himself.

We recently made the decision that our family is complete and that he would get a vascectomy. We have always been particularly good at getting pregnant, and despite always using protection, I would always be quite stressed each month waiting for my period to turn up. We both were excited for the day we would be able to be carefree and wild, without worrying about what time of the month it was (we would 'risk' it the day after I finished my period occasionally) and whether we had any protection.

As it turned out, I had to have emergency surgery recently to remove two ovarian cysts. Whilst the surgeon was talking me through the surgery, she offered to sterilize me and I jumped at the chance. My husband looked after me through the surgery and my recovery. Obviously he was pretty made up that he didn't need his operation after all!

Now, it is 10 days post op, and we have been able to have our first ever sexual encounter where we were able to have unprotected sex in a completely relaxed manner. He was able to lay with me after, still inside me, holding each other, without me having to rush to stand up and clean up 'just in case' and without worrying about things like the condom slipping off as he lost his erection. We actually had time after the sex to just be together. I have never felt so relaxed after sex, and I am really hoping this is a new chapter in being able to be more spontanious and adventurous in our sex life. 

I guess what I am getting at in this post, is that a one night fling is exciting and thrilling, a relationship when you are young is fun and full of new experiences, sex is possible after children if you are good at taking advantage of the brief moments you have alone together, and a long term sexual partner can let you discover so many new things about yourself and your partner and can bring a whole new dimension to your relationship. After 14 years we are still finding new things to try!

I love that is am still so in love with him, and that we still have so much more that we want to explore sexually with each other. And I wanted to share that feeling :-) 




 You were still leading him on. 




 You are one horrible human being! You are leading this poor guy on and calling him creepy really is the pot calling the kettle black!  




 What is your favorite aspect of the job? 




 I know! I just saw it again, and there were actually two notes left on different days from different firefighters, both feeding the fish! 




 Saw one on the news today from a woman who was left a note to tell her that the firefighters had fed her fish :) 




 We are south of DIA, but apparently there were some storms in the area that looked nasty. 




 Cant see anything because I am sitting in my basement with the kids! Good practice for them if nothing else! 




 Ah, ok! 




 According to 9news twitter, there was a rollover crash at E470 and Pena. 




 Both me and my husband have them :-) 




 Nope! Of all the 'lady part inspections' I have had, the women have always been far more gentle than the men! 




 Very! We were both completely innocent(ish) when we met :-) 




 My husband :-) 




 He reminds me of Pierce Brosnan with those eyes. 




 As a stay at home mum, I completely agree with you. However, I also see other SAHMs who literally spend every waking moment on their feet from 6am to 10pm meeting the needs of their families. Please remember too that when you have little ones, you're NEVER alone! I often remind my husband that at least at work he can go to the restroom without either being accompanied and/or yelled questions at! And getting up in the night several times because of kids illness, nightmares, sleepwalking, falling out of bed, deciding it is time to get up etc, the next day does become pretty exhausting!

Then again, I had a day recently where both of mine were in daycare at the same time and I had a whole 6 hours to myself! That was sweeeeet! :-) 




 I don't know why, but reading that bio always makes me want to vomit. 




 I don't know why, but reading that bio always makes me want to vomit. 




 Really didn't think that one through when I wrote it :-) 

Yes, I mean good brushing and flossing to prevent heart disease! 




 That is creepy. 




