 With regards to court in England, if you want to change who has custody you need to prove that the negatives of moving that child, are  greatly out weighed by the positives. The problem with family court is most of it, is their word against yours. I've been to court 5 times so far.  I didn't win because the court didn't think there was enough reasons to move her.  It seems like, the only way I would get custody is if he did something terrible, like physically hurt her. :/   Mentally hurting her, isn't even enough it seems. According to the UK deed poll website, our laws are the same as yours. However, I has reason to doubt that even with all the smaller things he's done plus this incident, are not enough.

My partner and I have just moved in to our first mortgaged home. Due to the summer holidays, I wasn't sure what date I had her next as we had made a verbal agreement. After many unanswered calls and texts, he eventually applied threatening to call the police on grounds of harassment.  Baring in mind we didn't know he was receiving our messages.  I needed to know when I was having her next a I wanted to try and move when she was with him so that she wasn't bored etc. He refused to answer the simple question and instead, did nothing but throw accusations and insults at us.  When I told him, I needed to know the date for my daughter's sake, his wife replied with PMSL {pissing myself laughing}  and the only reason my partner was getting on his high horse is because he's banging the Mother{me} My partner has done a hell of lot to make their lives easier when it comes to the travel arrangement for handover. My daughter is also extremely fond of him. Although technically he is no relation to her, my partner still has a hell of a lot to do with my daughter.  He also told my partner{a very calm, logical fella} that he had no right to get involved{again kinda true but there was no need for the rudeness. This behaviour; which shows no concern for our daughter, is still not enough in court apparently.  




 I do have a solicitor, however, he's not been very good on the communication level recently. I'm making an appointment tomorrow to discuss this and have a moan about his lack of communication, I'll have to consider changing solicitors if it continues.  People do renegotiate all the time, however, the courts really don't like to uproot a child that is 'supposedly' settled. She has been with her Dad for most of her life. Last year he met a woman with 4 other children and decided to marry her after he'd moved them in, 7 weeks later. They then moved a bit further away last xmas. He pulled her out of her school etc. I've now been informed that they are moving back to their original location by xmas. So basically he's put her in a new school for a year and is now moving her back to her old one, just after she's started a new school year. She now has to share her Father with 5 other people which she doesn't like as she gets no 1 on 1 time with him. She's 6 years old, so her consent in not necessary to change her name. The courts also don't give a fuck what she wants until she's at least 12 years old. Because apparently children don't know what they really want until that age or older.  




 p.s thank you for your comment :) 
 




 I guess, I'm just looking for more ammunition to use in the court room, when I finally go for custody again. I should point out that if things ran smoothly between us and he showed respect to me as the Mother of his daughter then I wouldn't be thinking about court at all. He likes to make everything difficult for me even if it negatively effects our daughter. She's now torn between us although I do my best to hide the bad things from her. She constantly asked why she cannot live with me. I find it very hard to construct an answer with out saying her Father has the control and he decides{I don't want to do this as that would be slating him and that is something I do not want to do to my daughter.} One evening whilst looking at what she thought was a shooting star{a plane lol} I asked her what her biggest wish was. She said to live with me. If she was happy there, I would have no reason to go for custody, as after all her welfare is paramount to me. 




 Glad to be of service :)  




 Ambivalence is a state of having simultaneous, conflicting feelings toward a person or thing. Stated another way, ambivalence is the experience of having thoughts and/or emotions of both positive and negative valence toward someone or something. A common example of ambivalence is the feeling of both love and hate for a person. The term also refers to situations where "mixed feelings" of a more general sort are experienced, or where a person experiences uncertainty or indecisiveness concerning something. The expressions "cold feet" and "sitting on the fence" are often used to describe the feeling of ambivalence.

Now they do :)  




 as we're talking ages here, I'm 24. I completely concur with this MyriPlanet. Have an up vote. 
 




 I'm not using my child as a weapon, if I was, I would have it reversed as revenge. I'm after custody of my daughter. He leads a very unstable way of life for her and she is not happy. Her biggest wish is to live with her Mum. He often denies her access to me when it suits him and goes behind my back with smaller things like ear piercing. I've been put through hell for the last 5.5 years and so has my little girl.  It's amusing to me that the more pleasant I am to him, the more control he feels he has because he sees me as weak.  




 Just to clarify, I have weekend access and half of all holidays. I know it's unusual for a Mother not to have main custody, but please don't judge. He left me homeless and heart broken a few days before my 19th Birthday. He'd also got my friend and neighbour pregnant{she miscarried} pregnant at the same time.  I was in no fit mental state to fight him properly in court. Once a parent gains custody, it is very hard to ever win in court. :(

I'm 24 now and have recently got a good sized mortgaged home. My partner earns good money to support us all, whilst I've revisited education. My daughter is now six years old.  She constantly cries every time she goes back to her Father and says how her step brothers{3 of them} and sister intimidate her. She says Step Mum and Dad don't let me read to them because they are too busy. My partner of 3 years and I hear this and other things a lot. My solicitor has informed me that they don't take notice of what the child says until she is at least 12 years old.   

So basically, I don't know where I stand legally. I have 50% responsibility for her so don't I have to give my consent to this? Do I have a chance for custody over this? 

Looking forward to any advice given. Thank you muchly for taking the time to read this :) 

I'm in England not America by the way.   




 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10150239544075327 set=a.10150239541240327.472269.713945326 type=1 theater

That's my tiger tattoo. :)  It took 2.5 hours 
 




 I don't mind that, as long as I'm told in advance

 




 Did you mean NOT up voting? 




 Obviously not a female. . . 




 To defend the smokers . . . in England there definitely is NOT enough cigarette bins. You know, most bars/restaurants have ash trays but it's when people are walking around and they can't put it in a normal bin, so there's no place to put it. I sent a letter to my local Council about this, and they said they couldn't afford to put more up because the Government has cut funding etc.  




 My partner did that, even after constant nagging from our 6 year old daughter and I.  So I put it all over face book. He only rarely does it now. Progress!  




 Just remember, the more heated the discussion with your grandmother and step Father, the more upset your Mum will be.  Also, things get exaggerated when sliding down the grape vine.  Try to be as normal as possible  and go about your daily routine, talk to her as you normally would without mentioning atheism. The less change she sees, the better.  Good Luck soldier!  p.s come to us if you get stuck on any questions your family throws at you. We'll help you as much as we can. :)  




 Is your daughter's name Alicia? She looks identical to a child I used to look after at nursery{in Essex England}  




 Doesn't your jaw start to ache?  




 why not? 




 You lived in cheese? Are you Swiss?  




 You lived in cheese? Are you Swiss?  




 I noticed a bitter male redditor down voted you too. Blimey, they don't want females to judge them on a stereotype, like I dunno .  . .all men cheat. Yet here they are, doing that exact same thing to us! 




 Awesome dude! 




 That's what I'm trying to work out, whether or not it's a big enough thing for the courts to look at. 




 No problem 
 




 That's because we are goddesses whereas you are measly men! 
 




 not all women are like that.  




 I would if they were fit.  




 On the pp form there is a bit for Father's details. I filled this in of course. Right next to it there's a bit that asks for an address. As it was so close to the Father's details I assumed that it meant his address.  Face palm yes.  The fact that it was delivered to his address is not the problem. It's that he is denying receiving two bits of mail that were sent on different days. Amazing considering we have two photos of his front door-taken by the courier. The court order gives me full permission to take my daughter on holiday abroad, and of course apply for the passport. I have 50% responsibility but I don't have main custody. She is with me on weekends and most school breaks.   Oh and no her Father and I were never married. Thank you for the good luck I think we're going to need it :/ 




 I don't know because if we have physical evidence that it was delivered, and he says he never had it, that mean he's lying. Because losing something after it has been delivered and denying ever receiving it in the first place, are two different things. He's still denying it even though we have a photo of his front door from the courier.   




 Yes I'm in UK lol. :)  Now you have me curious on this big post! 
 




 Okay so here's the short hand on the background. 

I lost custody on my due to being nieve when having to fight in court {aged nineteen} Not due to my lack of parenting skills. I've been back to court four times already for custody but lost as they weren't good enough reasons to remove a child from a supposedly already settled home. 

He has had custody since our daughter was eight months old. She is now six years old. We are meant to be flying to Cyprus to see family in NINE days time!!!

My partner and I applied for mine and my daughter's passport on the same day. I received my birth certificate back and then a day later I received my new passport. However, I did not receive anything regarding my daughter's passport. 

After hours on the phone to the passport office, we find that MY application for her passport was delivered to her Father and step Mother's home. So we rang them up and asked them if they had it. However, they denied any delivery. We then showed them a print out of an email sent to us by the passport office. It had the delivery details and a photo of the front door it was posted through. 

They still deny having received it. After more time spent on the phone to the passport office they send us another email with more delivery information. IT HAS HIS SIGNATURE for BOTH deliveries. {We haven't told him yet}

We are now having to do a long journey on the 25th up to the passport office in Peterborough to collect a new passport. However, for some unknown reason we have to apply for a fast-track one week passport and then ask them VERY kindly when we get there, to give it to us that day. So we STILL might not be able to go on holiday. Including petrol, this will be roughly another £250 on top of the costs for the previous passport. 

I'm now wondering whether I've got a good case to go for full custody of my daughter due to this. After all, he's opened my mail-which is against the law,{it would have been addressed to me but sent to his address. He's upsetting his daughter by trying to stop her going on her first holiday abroad-even though legally I can take her on holiday and he's causing us to spend more money unnecessarily as well as added stress.  What are your thoughts guys? 

EDIT: Found out today that the signature is NOT the Father's but the courier's who amazingly has the same name as him. We have now been told we have to write a letter to the passport office to get them to do an investigation as to the whereabouts of my daughter's passport. 


TL:DR  Passport got delivered to Father's address by mistake. He denies having it. We have proof he has. {He does not know that yet} He's a wanker for risking upsetting his daughter to get one over his ex partner. Do I have good grounds for a custody case? 




 I became insecure and low in confidence. It felt as if any decision I made was the wrong choice. Whether it was over something trivial or big. Even as an adult, I'm hesitant about making big decisions, I'm 24 now and about to sign contracts for a mortgage. Other relatives have told me that he's been telling everyone that I won't be able to 'cope' with it. My Father is very lazy and hasn't achieved much in life. The house that he, my Mother and youngest brother live in is owned by my maternal grandmother.. He's also not working due to 'health problems'. So I think that maybe he's a little envious and that's why he's always putting me down now that he can't control my actions. It's very frustrating as a child because all children want to do is make their parents proud. I was so eager to please and yet every decision I made for myself was the wrong one. Even for work placement week at school, I 'apparently' chose the wrong thing and he guilt tripped me in to doing an activity that I didn't want to do, oh and I struggled like hell with it. So thanx Dad lol. Don't get me wrong I know my Father isn't the worst Father out there but he certainly isn't up for Dad of the year award.      




 I'm female too and yes equal rights blah blah. However on a stereotypical note, most males are built larger and stronger than majority of girls. Thank you evolution. Which means most guys can hit harder than girls. I know my fella can hit much harder than I could and that doesn't stop me giving it all when play fighting. He just restrains me. Then it turns it to sex .... But guys do need to know how much strength they're using. If I girl is kicking your arse, just put her in a head lock etc.  




 Can't upvote this enough.  




 exactly, they CAN but it's not for definite. That advice was actually correct.  




 Not true, as long as you are only weight training or doing like body building.   




 My father did the same thing. I think they mean well but don't actually know how to get the message across in a 'nice way'.  




 And I would be right by your side dude. :) 




 Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch a pale of water, god knows what they did up there but now they have a daughter. {say it without pronouncing the t's. It sounds better} 




 Go the fuck to sleep forever! 




 You know, most immigrants in England are actually Irish.  




 FUCK YOU! Yes I'm female, not a simpleton and I have a good sense of humour. After all, I found the book hilarious!  




 perfect little angels? pfft!  




 Cannot upvote enough! 




 Apparently the government are talking about banning high fives in England's schools. Also giving the dinner lady{midday supervisor as they're now known} or favourite teacher a hug won't be allowed. It's going to end up like demolition man. No touching and sex will be via a some virtual world helmet thing.  




 Who are you to say a cow's opinion doesn't matter? Don't be cowist :p 




 My daughter has heard swearing many times via her step Mother and Dad{unfortunately} but she NEVER swears. She was taught not to, she's six.  Yes children pick up on things, you're right. However, it's up to the parents to teach what's right and wrong-not hide any evidence of bad stuff in the world. Otherwise they're going to get one hell of a shock when they leave home. 




 That blatantly deserves an upvote A_Mann 




 That line was nothing but amusing. 
 




 What a load of bull shit. As a mother and ex nursery practitioner, I feel that as a society we do nothing but turn our children in to wimps via 'wrapping them up in cotton wool' and attending to their every whim. My daughter is read to every night and reads to her Dad or I during the day-every day.  She's six and her best skills are currently mathematics and using her imagination. My daughter has heard swearing many times and never repeats it-even when she was younger,  because we taught her not to.  It really winds me up when people say that children should never see this or hear that because it can have damaging effects. Look at the generations before-they {most of them lol} turned out okay and they weren't so smothered with 'protection'!  




 CULL ALL CHAVS!!!   




 Your wife looks fit. 




 This is why my six daughter is only allowed to watch a small amount of television. I also sit with her and watch it and we then talk about it afterwards. Movies are considered a special treat. Instead of television, we have music on a lot of the time, or we communicate over board games and meal times etc. I feel this not only develops her communication/interaction and physical skills{because she's doing something else instead of just sitting there} but it also means that she hopefully she won't end up believing everything she views on television.
   




 OMGOSH! What do you expect? It was a hot day and the air con was broken! 




 My partner and I have been together for nearly 3 years. Yes he did make the first move and approached me first. However since then, I make the first move when it comes to sex, 99% of the time. I've told him it's getting boring. But still it's always me making the moves. Oh and no this is NOT due to my lack of sexual performance. However, I do have a higher sex drive than him. . . .
 




 Well to be honest, the best person to tell him is his Mum. Then if he asks you any questions . .why are you going etc . .then you can tell him. I'm a Mum/Aunty/Niece/sister myself and I've had a lot of experience with young children so I feel my advice is sound. When you're away make sure you have skype. Children love the video link and find it much more fun and exciting than a phone call. 




 I've never seen them here in England. Which I feel may have sent me in to a deeply saddened state. :(
 




 As an ex nursery nurse, I have seen I lot of babies in my time and that child is fooking gorgeous! 




