 So the dream i had last night is still kinda freaking me out, even though i don't have arachnophobia. I even went to australia for 7 months last year and took the biggest spiders i found on my hand to freak other people out. However this was simply too much for me.

So about the dream:

I was in this big transportation vehicle all on my own, with my dad being the one who flies/steers it (I think it was probably an airplane). There were no windows or anything just the lights inside that illuminated everything. There were 2 sections inside the plane, the middle one which looked like your normal economy class and the seperated section in the back which was smaller but resembled the first class. It even had a bed. To be fair it was my own bed that i have in real life. 

So in the beginning of the dream everything was kind of normal, there were no spiders, and i was just hanging around alone in the middle section. As time evolved a few very big spiders seemed to appear on the ceiling and in cracks. They were as huge as the biggest spiders in the world, completly black and looked as intimidating as possible. Soon medium spiders seemed to appear in bigger numbers (probably in the hundreds). They were of the same species as the bigger ones being just as black but with smaller abdomens compared to the big ones but i'd still consider them large. Last but not least the baby spiders appeared. Again same species but in even larger numbers. In the end there were these kind of nests everywhere in the middle section. It freaked me out, everthing was infested with spiders and i couldn't stay there anymore. So i moved to the back section, the more luxurious first class. 

It was seperated with doors from the middle section and because of that it was completely clean. My own bed was standing there against the wall and the section had these air shafts which were closed. Again i was just hanging around in there, basicly doing nothing but soon the airshafts opened up. A lot of air was coming out and with that the same spiders appeared in this section. It ended up being even worse because this section was smaller than the middle one so it was tighter to move. Some particular big bunches of spiders were located everywere on the walls close to my bed. And being even more freaked out i had to move again. But this time there was nowhere to go. Everything was already infested with spidernests. And that's when the dream faded away.

Now being awake and all i'm feeling very paranoid of spiders. I had this chair in my cellar that i needed to bring up today and i just had to check it for spiders before i could pick it up. 

Also the nests in my dream looked kinda like this: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BSigMbHCEAA4e3N.jpg:large

What does this all mean? What does my head want to tell me? I don't want to be scared of something that i could handle before just because of a dream. 

Also forgive me for any grammatical mistakes, english is hard :) 




 I'm 100% confident that i got this one right.
http://www.dravendoesitall.com/Fantasy/Midlane.aspx?code=X6ZJ44R6Z7 




 I think you are underestimating Gambit. Cabo is a monster who outclassed Zion every single game at IEM and Diamond is most definitely a tier above Santorin. Niq is consistent although he won't win lane on his own vs Bjergsen. Botlane is a wildcard since i don't really know how turtle and lustboy would do against a hyper aggressive botlane like p1noy+edward. But Gambit vs TSM is a match that i'd love to see...riot more international competition, please? 




 Maybe wait for the new GT3 RS? 




