 The consensus here seems to be that these are poor arguments on an important topic. What could we do to strengthen the arguments?

Definitions: 

Person: a rational, living actor.

Suicide: the intentional act of ending one's life.

Assisted suicide: planned euthanasia with the intent to lessen harm to both actor, assistant, and those affected afterwards.

Framework 1: Suicide harms others, and since you have the infinitely valuable opportunity to not hurt them, you should willfully elect to suffer through. 

Assumptions: 

All people have the universal right not to be harmed. A rational person will want to do what he/she "should" do by definition because from reason we derive ethics, the study of what we "should" do. An ethical life is not necessarily a happy one.

Conclusion:

Therefore, it is our obligation and opportunity to shield others from harm, regardless of cost.

Problems: What about assisted suicide? We find ourselves in a paradox whereby each rational actor wants to lessen the pain of the other. By the same logic we could argue that a doctor who won't assist in a suicide infringes on someone's right to be least harmed.

Framework 2: All people have an absolute right to their own bodies.

Assumptions: 

Rights exist and come from reason. Inalienable human rights are by definition universal to all humans and are self-evident. 

Conclusion:

Jump, your have a right to kill yourself even if it harms others.

Problems: The universality and existence of human rights may or may not be self-evident. 

Framework 3: We can't know/Might makes right/etc

Assumptions: There are no rules. There is only what a man can do and what he will do.

Conclusion: Get to killing yourself while you still can.

Problems: This leaves us in a society of concentrated, arbitrary power.

Framework 5: Society should cure their ills or send them off.

Assumptions: Rights don't come from God or reason; rather they come from human decision to give up ruthless materialism for benevolent mutual cooperation. If rights exists, then that necessarily imposes obligations on society to help its weakest members. 

Conclusion: The living actors cooperate to decide who needs what more, whether that means death or a live person.

Problems: Obviously, this doesn't cover what happens when the negotiations come to a standstill.

Anyway, can we come up with better arguments and settle on an answer?

 




 Hey docs,

A while ago I was in a crazy electrical accident on set. I was zapped by an 18,000 watt light at about 250 volts.
The producers took me to the hospital, and the doctor noticed low heart rate, about 30 bpm. They released me after an EKG. I had minor burns on my fingers that healed right up. Since then, I've had every scan imaginable and I've seen all the specialists.


I'm fine now, but I wanted to crowdsource the amazing group-knowledge of the internet and see if any of you could shine some light on some weird side-effects.

Immediately after the injury, I started to see inexplicable fog that nobody else could see. It was very scary because I was also a cinematographer, and I rely on my eyes for my job. And to make matters scarier, the fog was sort of magic. It felt like I was walking through a dream. Not quite real. The fog would come and go as would the feeling of unreal-ness.

Separate from the episodes of unreal-ness, I could, and still can, see colors that didn't exist prior to the accident. They seemed super pronounced just after the accident, but I think that's because I was just not used to them like I am now. Music has changed too, to a lesser extent, but I can't describe it as well as I can with the colors because unlike with cinematography I'm unlearned in sound engineering.

I know this isn't a place for real medical advice to replace the doctors, but all the doctors and specialists have given me the same answer: "We don't know." So if there ever was a time for wild quackery, or unsubstantiated theories, now would be the time.

Thanks 




 I was once zapped by a 20k cine light on set at about 250 volts. 30 milliamps can kill you. I got 20,000. 

I have asthma and it caused my heart to grow big without my knowing, causing me to have a really low bpm, usually about 30 at rest. Anyway, the shock hit me between beats so I'm still good.  




 Greenpeace argues for government intervention; she does not. If Greenpeace wanted the market for whale products to stop, outside of making whaling expeditions illegal or implementing a Pigouvian tax, they would have to change the demand for whaling products, which means getting people to vote with their dollar. 

Inherent in her argument is that there is a demand for women-positive games, which is to say that it would be profitable for a firm to produce media products that she would not need to critique or boycott. 

The responses are suggesting that if such an untapped market existed, the big companies would probably have already profited from it. 

So maybe the problem isn't evil, sexist game companies lying about how hard it is to animate female characters. Maybe the problem is that responsible suppliers can't afford to invest in socially conscious games because the demand is so far nonexistent.  




 She's not trying to change the laws, though. She just wants the market to correct itself. From an economics perspective, there are two ways to solve a market inefficiency, outlaw it in the cases like slavery and tax it in the cases like cigarettes. But she's not suggesting either of those. She's not suggesting affirmative action for video games or taxing non-representative games. She's not even suggesting a subsidy for games that represent women fairly.

(Quick note: though there are other ways for the government to fix market inequalities, like PSA's to change popular opinion, those do not require changing the rules of a free market.)

What she really wants is for the market to magically correct itself. And there are only two ways to do that: change the market with your dollar or become a supplier who caters to the ignored market. 

What is sexist media? Having a game, movie, or book from a male perspective is not sexist. (Harry Potter) Having a game, movie, or book with a sexist protagonist is not sexist. (Tom Sawyer, Anchorman, Clockwork Orange, GTA) Sexism in the media is when the inherent argument is harmful to women (Barbie, Snow White, some of the early Bond films).  If we want people to take feminism seriously, we need to adopt a better model of social criticism. Sexist suppliers may exist, but when an entire market is sexist, you know there's something else going on: a demand side cultural sexism. 

So let's assume we've identified a sexist form of media. There are two things for a person like @femfreq to do: change the cultural perceptions and change the marketplace. The media marketplace is not our culture, it is merely a reflection of our culture. To argue otherwise is to give undo and unobserved power to the suppliers. Change the culture first, and the market will respond. 

And the most effective way to do that is to critique sexism publicly, appointing blame to those who deserve it. The message should be this: "If you buy sexist games, you support sexism; therefore, you are a sexist," instead of "gahhh! all these evil game companies are invading our minds with their sexism cuz they hatez wymynz." It's a subtle distinction, but important. 

The above points are captured eloquently in the above link, but it's very supply-side, so let's make the distinction that you don't have to be multinational media conglomerate to change the media. You just have to vote with your dollar.  




 Genius. I had no idea. Thanks a ton. 




 The Gospel according to George R R Martin.
He dies and comes back, so George kills off everyone in the world that you like. 




 http://i.imgur.com/thbygzZ.jpg 




 No, but being a whiny, entitled little bitch is not necessary.

Don't give me a lecture on how oppressed you are or how unfair the system is. If you don't want to be part of the project, then just fuck off already.  




 This guy needs a reality check. Whether the music is valuable to the company, or whether he worked hard on it, or whether it cost him a lot to gain the skills to create it is completely irrelevant. It doesn't matter what you *should* get paid. If you're feeling underpaid, go work somewhere else.

Negotiating is about exploiting shared interests. Am I supposed to get up in arms because some company made him an offer he didn't like?

As someone who has spent literally thousands of hours working for free, from hauling dolly equipment through the god-forsaken desert to getting shot in the face with synthetic puke from a real life mud cannon, I ask, "Where is your artistic integrity?"  For some of us, it's not about the bottom line; it's about working on a project we believe in with people we love. 




 If I want to play an Xbox game, I have to buy an Xbox, and even then I won't be able to play any of my PS3 games on it. Why don't I have to buy a Lionsgate-box to play Lionsgate DVD's?
 
Can this be modeled or explained?

Thanks in advance.

Edit: Yeah, obviously I understand the limitations in terms of format (re: why can't an xbox play PS3). What I'm really looking for is why the market evolved like that. Microsoft owns the xbox console, which gives it power over the home distribution of its games. Why doesn't this model of distribution work for other media markets? 




 upvote for username 









 I disagree, but up vote for a convincing argument.

Sure, feminism is very female centric. But must all organizations that agree with each other take the same steps? Put another way, if feminists were so interested in egalitarianism, why don't they campaign for black civil rights issues? Further, should we refrain from participating in organizations that do not actuate every single one of our values? 

Let me put it like this. I am a man. I support men's rights activists. For example, I was recently in a major workplace accident. 92-95% of workplace accidents happen to men. This is likely due to a subtle form of discrimination as a result of a mentorship program. In an industry where you are going to be spending a lot of time with whomever you train, men train their best male friends and women train their best female friends. By this logic, there is a natural (if probably immoral) semi-chosen segregating process into certain male or female dominated industries. My best friend went into grip and electric, a male-dominated department that happens to have above average incidences of catastrophic injury. I support the men's rights activists who are combating this problem.

At the same time, I am a family man. When my little sister makes less money than I do for the same job, our household suffers. I support the feminist activists who are combating this problem.

I can be both feminist and men's rights activist because my overarching philosophy is egalitarianism, but in order to actuate this philosophy, we have to design our organizations strategically by the issues we face. Feminist activists face issues separate and apart from men's right activists. That doesn't mean that we can't face both issues; it just means that we're part of two movements that are linked philosophically.

 




 Saw you on Bill Maher. Really funny.

As an executive producer for a bunch of shows, you know a bunch of stuff that I want to suck out of your brain with a vacuum. I'm directing a 22 minute pilot for my senior thesis at LMU. When it's done, what's the smartest way to get it pitched, seen, and on TV? 




