 F 









 This makes me a little less prideful of my home state 




 I'd rock the shit out of that become any human thing. Need money? Become someone famous, and charitably donate money to myself (since it's charity, they'd be assholes for cancelling the check)     

Want to learn the secrets behind -Insert favorite thing here-? Now you can!   
I will keep showing perks as needed 




 Yes! Run the Jewels finally made an appearance on /r/music  




  **ELI5: You rub it to make it wet.**

So that's how fingering works  




 Literally that  




 It's why in the rare occassion I drink it, I'll drink a lot of water to offset/force myself to piss and then only mix with diet sodas.  




 I saved your comment, just in case I ever need to remember this. :) 




 I thought this was America? 




 Obligatory cheers for imagination Spongebob .gif. I think the 50 toothpick wielding fortune cookies win by the virtue of being armed with weapons. 

Xenophobia + stabby things = 10/10 fortune cookies. 2omni4me 




 King Kai (North) says that his planet is 10× Earth's gravity. That's why Goku has trouble getting used to it at first, and has to catch Bubbles and Gregory (the monkey and cricket, respectively) before he is allowed to learn the Kaioken and Spirit Bomb techniques 




 Hey Vegeta, remember the bug planet?  




 CAPS LOCK MAKES ME FEEL LIKE I SHOULD BE SELLING YOU GUNS!!! GUNS THAT SHOOT EXPLOSIONS!!!! EXPLOSIONS!!!! BOOM!!!! 




 Hector's  rectum is real  




 Your username should be your response 




 Not sure if joke or insult  




 Why is it when I'm on Molly, I feel like I'm better at listening to people's problems,  and the advice I give feels more meaningful? 




 I just read on rollsafe  that taking 1 Tums before a roll can increase the duration. I don't have Tums. Is there a good alternative? 




 Every one of these men look like they could be representatives for a possible anime trope where pompadours (or whatever hairstyle they are sporting) are associated with rougher or manner characters 




 Single because braces? I don't buy it. 




 I will never not be able to see that as a feminine Daniel Radcliffe  




 So there's this hide button right? 




 Fireball is the cinnamon one. And I need to reread my post. I wasn't trying to spread wrong information on heroin, I was just trying to put my opinion there to give my frame of mind. I'll make an edit to clarify that I'm not trying to spread fact on something I've never done 




 My shift in friends showed me this actually. Some people used to compete to see who would stay in the circle the longest. Now, with my current friends, we can smoke a joint between 4 or 5 people and all be functional. Might be the difference between being a functional stoner and being a couch lock stoner 




 I have friends who will smoke blunt after blunt after bowl after joint. They'll all get high but no one wants to be the first guy out. I must be the weirdo because I catch my buzz, acknowledge I'm good, and go about my day. It's the difference between a stoner with a routine and ambition and one who would rather smoke as much as they can and tell stories about it 




 I'm glad I can measure out each hour of my high based on how many 1 hitters I want to pack. 




 Tl:Dr. Alcoholic friend lectures me on doing coke once, fails to see hypocrisy in choices.

So last night, I went to hang out with some friends I hadn't seen in a while  (I transferred colleges). One of them had caught wind that I did coke within the past week, and gave me a huge lecture on how I'm not on the right path, how my life will be ruined, and all that jazz. I'm just venting a bit because I did it once (no redose, no urge to do it again) yet my friend is an alcoholic who will be drunk almost every day of the week  (they have about 20 empty handles of Fireball whiskey on display in their kitchen). One friend won't even acknowledge my presence anywhere anymore, and the third guy is cool, and knows I actually have my shit together. So yea, I hate word of mouth and the warped views of addiction people have. Yes, drugs can ruin your life. No, I don't believe you can be hooked on substances after one use.

Said friend is like "yeah, I chew, I drink, I even smoke pot on occassion, but that hard shit will ruin your life." Well, at least this friend has stopped being anti-marijuana

Edit: Removed some phrasing that made me come off worse than intended. 

2nd edit: The friend who wasn't acknowledging my presence has been a bit reserved about things lately, and I was told something else was probably on his mind. I feel like an ass. 




 So we needed a study to tell people to not be total dicks about someone's weight to their face? 




 Dumb bitch deserved that 




 MDMA makes it hard for me to be social because an overexcited, mildly off putting, really loud, 6'4" 240 lb. male is kind of hard for people to deal with. One time, I went out to a club to go dance. Instead, I talked to people as they were coming in by the cover charge place (because I don't have a better name for it)

When I trip, I love anime. Something about Asian artwork entices me. The last time I tripped, I finished watching the arc of Hajime No Ippo I was on, and getting caught up on season 3 of JoJo's Bizarre Adventure 




 I haven't seen as much use out of women personally. Most of them I know tend to just drink with their friends, and maybe a quarter of that group will smoke on occassion. I think it's like 5 or 6, at the most, that I know for a fact they have done something more recreational  (MDMA, LSD, shrooms)
    
Almost every guy I know drinks or smokes. A decent amount have done coke, shrooms, acid, what have you. I can find a guy to be a safety, or to do the substance with me, much easier than I can a woman.
    
Though I have seen more women be around prescription pills than men. 




 My job. Done by a robot 




 You know what they say...ladies love huge balls  




 "TURN INTO CANDY!!!!" -Super Buu 




 /r/incest 




 Why some are sleazy, knowing that it ruins the entire perception of our gender?  




 Better hope free throws aren't involved.  




 Well yea, he can't even beat Master Chief and his unbreakable bones. /s 




 Sorry. It was instinct. Someone mentioned Batman 




 /r/whowouldcirclejerk  




 This is one of the most powerful photos I have seen on Reddit in a good while. Especially whenever you get to the bottom one, and realize that one man gave another the chance to be able to live a long and fulfilling life. 




 Instant karma, bitch 




 Aliens 




 So much want  




 Red was already Pokemon League Champion and he beat Blue. Red is the most powerful trainer in a few of the games as well (Gold, Silver, Crystal, remakes) 




 Goku. Superman. Thanos. Darkseid. All of the characters with anything resembling nerves ever 




 Too many omnipotent figures to make a clear decision  




 Everything is done blindly because I got the idea for this based on the fact that neither see the world with their eyes (post MKII on Blade Regalia)

Edit: So I didn't mean for this to be a spite thread and I can now see (haha, get it) that this clearly is a stomp 




 That's Tumblr  




 Not all of us have access to vaginas 




 Nice fedora 




 1. Marshall. The guy is like 6'8", wrestles with his brothers, who make him appear to be the "runt" of the family. Also, Ted gets scared, and JD and Turk hide, holding each other.

2. This is basically Ted vs JD, since Marshall and Turk were basically married/engaged throughout the whole series. And they would both say the wrong thing at the wrong time.

3. This isn't a serious question. JD and Turk have the best bromance in series, and they even show up in each other's AMAs 




 I could obtain Bulma's panties 




 Sorry, Mr. Biden bot. Thank you as well 




 I really thought this was going to be a Common Core thing 




 Thanks Obama 




 Fuck Steve Harvey 




 He did leave us a bread crumb trail of gayness 




 Was it a psychological or physical kind of bad? Good music can get you through most of the psych stuff, and a small bite to eat might help the physical symptoms 




 What did you do; and what would like to talk about  




 It may have been mentioned in the comments, but impulse control is also a factor. Personally, I'm extremely impulsive when I'm altered on most substances, so I try to focus on doing exclusively the one I'm choosing for the night, or not doing them at all.  









 We're in a ratings system, fueled by SENSATIONALISM!! 




 Transmutation of water to wine by the prophet in front of my eyes or some otherworldly miracle 




 I'm in a talking trip mood and all of my friends went to bed. I just took it about 2 hours ago so I'll be up for a while. 




 Men 




 -Insert clever username joke that has been said before - 




 But can ATandT see why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch? 




 My Knitta 




 this has been a great sub for this past year or so. I'm not sure whether my 2 year medal will be bestowed soon, but I love everyone here
 




 Fucking Shutdurr!!

edit: I missed the entire point of this thread lol. Basically, if any of my friends find this reference, they will know that this is my Reddit account 




 I dont feel that  I need a post on /r/tripsit since I mentioned tripping with a backhand connotation, but thank you for your concern/promotion. I will PM you if I do need/want to talk later in the night :)
 









 I thought they caught Survivorman, or one of those shows, where their survivalist was faking filming in the wilderness when he was really staying in a hotel every night  




 Mr Worldwide! Spanish Spanish English Dalé 




 Thay is catchy as fuck and I did the same thing even though I don't remember ever listening to this song 




 They're just not my cup of tea. Good on them being successful though 




 Eaten- Bloodbath 




 Fergalicious 




 She will welcome you to New York City with style!! 




 This needs to be a thing  




 I haven't read that one. The way I understood it was that he either couldn't get drunk or it took a lot because of his Asgardian physiology  




 I still work across from one. Sometimes their music seeps across, past the phone kiosk in the middle where the ladies working there have a Macbook on loud blaring Drake, past the speakers we have blaring Rush, Led Zeppelin, and other classics, and into my unfortunate ears. 

One girl I know and am friends with will claim that Bring me the Horizon is better than anything I listen to. Sure I've gone through phases of shitty music tastes, but this is worse than what I used to listen to. I will list my musical experiences in a different comment if anyone is interested, so they can see my frame of reference.

That last paragraph was intended to sound incredibly pretentious.  




 I feel like you look like James Spader in your present photo 




 Ents get wildfire thrown at them. 420 blaze it  




 Much comment 




 Can Thor even get drunk?

But for real; the only enhancement I have seen that would even matter is having Cap's  shield to possibly block Mjolnir's strikes. Otherwise I'm feeling all levels of a Thor stomp, simply because of the tier system alone 




 How do you combat telepathic octopi martial arts 




 Beating a dead horse  




 Hey Mom, can we invest my allowance in Apple?  




 /r/fatpeoplehate would appreciate this  




 How would Superman know to atomize him right off the bat? Does Superman have any abilities that can directly atomize someone, so to speak  




 I posted this in /r/whowouldcirclejerk a little while back actually. Way to take my idea :p 




 Me vs anywhere from 5-10 emperor penguins depending on weight. (Me at 240, penguins anywhere from 50-100)

Round 1: I sharpen my table leg into a sword because thank you small knife in my pocket.    
Round 2: I take the table leg (now unsharpened) start cracking out chunks of ice that I can slapshot into penguins vital organs.
Round 2b: I actually suck at ice sports.   
Round 3: This is the hard round. I lose because I have no knife swing speed in water. 




 Round 1: Base Super Buu.   
Round 2: After absorbing Gotenks and Piccolo.    
Round 3: After absorbing Gohan. 




 Jack 10/10 




 How much gravity would it take (in proportion to Earth's gravity) for Superman to no longer be able to fly?

Scenario 1: Superman under a yellow sun.    Scenario 2: Superman under a red sun.   Scenario 3: Superman under a blue sun. 




 It might not actually be state law (Indiana) but it is a bit of a personal/moral law for me. Sorry for any mix up this caused 




 The theme song from Loiter Squad has never been more relevant 




 Congratulations -Insert correct proper noun here- 




 Much villain. Such evil. Wow. 




 Legal: water during, one half of my multi vitamin before bed, maybe some light food. Ibuprofen, more water and White Castle the day of hangover. I will also take the other half of my multi (it's 2 pills once a day, but if I split it up, my body absorbs the nutrients better)

Illegal: Wake and bake.  




 Yeah I've noticed my appetite does weird things when I smoke frequently or take breaks and such. Like, when I smoke a lot, I'll only be able to eat when I'm high,  but I still won't eat too terribly much. When I'm on break, I won't hardly eat for about 2 or 3 days, then I'll go back to eating about like normal 









 Would've been better with Fry meme 




