 not me. but my best friend literally called yesterday to say he bought condoms, soap, and paper towels. only those 3 things.  




 eerie!!! 




 "its too hot" "its too cold" 
people will never be satisfied with the damn weather 




 honestly rn mh370 

actually or jonbenet 




 for real it would make it so much easier 




 I love being alone but I'm lonely  




 christ this song is good. yes i agree. i have a spotify playlist called you're feeling emotional and when answering your question it was hard to decide which one to write hah ;)  




 really well put. i relate to this tremendously. dont end it, we cant lose any more of us.  




 ill definitely check out Best Deceptions. Glad you liked the song, it wrecks me.  




 Ace Enders-Motion 




 Yeah the mom thing sounds about right :( so I'm thinking about things that don't cost money...it may sound silly but are there any support groups in your area for people with mental illnesses? Sometimes just being around people that feel similarly could help tremendously ya know  




 Hey..sorry things are so rough right now. You must feel at a complete loss. Have you ever gotten professional help for this? 




 Yeah, this is me, always. It's where the awful assumption "people aren't depressed they're just lazy" comes from. I think getting engrossed in tv or not harmful thoughts pushes away the bad thoughts. Or sometimes I can't clean my room because I physically can't get up and do it, not because I don't want to. It sucks when people don't understand. I think it's good you're recognizing it at least  




 Thank you very much  




 Hey guys,

I was wondering what everyone's favorite or go to self care is when they are feeling down. I used to go to eating, but now thy a I'm seeing a nutritionist and trying to stop binge eating I'm looking for new ways to promote self care within myself.

Thanks for any advice in advance 




 Every damn day. Thanks for putting it into words  




 Thank you. You put it into words. 




 it was a little too close to a swastika for me know what im sayin
 














 "I'm confused about my sexuality" 




 20f and you sir, are attractive  




 Crop top and high waisted shorts for the love of everything holy a crop top should not be the same price as a normal shirt anway????? 




 Hopefully. If I see any more flower headbands imma flip  




 Do you feel the pressure to marry Jewish? It's so real over here in jersey 




 Arrested development  




 It's going down, I'm yelling Tinder 




 I was 16. I was sitting on a plane and my mind was RACING and I was on the verge of tears, which was a common occurrence for me. I was looking around and realized this probably was not normal and everybody else on the plane wasn't going through this. I told my mom I needed help. 

I'm 20 and doing ok now :) there's just one last unhealthy behavior I'm sorting out

Thanks for asking 




 Ace Enders-motion

Holy feels. 




 Is my ugliness boootthhherring you?! 




