 Eating fast food.

Guess my weight! 

But seriously. Something about biting into a piece of fried chicken, or a juicy hamburger and fries .... I know, I know. Emotional eating is terrible. But I can't help it for now. At least it works : ) 




 I personally really love New York. I used to go there two or three times a year when I was younger. Age 8 I moved to Canada and it took me a while to like my city. But you know what, Montreal is one of the best cities in the world to me. Maybe not as eventful as Toronto (we're always compared) but it's still good enough. And it's cheap! I've found, in a "rich/hipster" area near downtown, a studio apartment for 300 dollars a month. What a bargain! Especially so close to downtown!

Now I'm in Germany and I'm looking forward to going back to Paris for a month! I can't help but love this city as well. 

Oh and since you're considering Chicago, do go there! It's apparently like New York, but a bit smaller and way cheaper (and cleaner!) Unless you hate winter. But then don't consider Canada at all (apart from Vancouver I guess) if you hate harsh winters : ) 




 I'm in Germany right now, and I've been to seven other countries (or eight, if you count a layover in London). I want that number to be ten! Honestly I don't know. My last few trips have made me realize that as much as I love foreign countries and cultures, I'm not so much of a tourist. I would, however, live a year or two in each of maybe twenty countries I like, if I were rich.

Good luck, by the way!
 




 Ha no worries I know I won't ever be in a relationship. I'm asexual and I havea personality disorder. The odds of finding someone at this point are pretty much zero.

No regrets. Slight disappointment but all is good : ) 




 Meh. I'm 19. I may die alone, never kissed, never in a relationship. 

Fine with me. Or at least, I'm trying to convince myself of that.  




 Oh cool! It honestly looks like a neat place to live in. In airports or airplanes, there are so many adds to incite people to move there. If I wasn't so in love with 'big' cities, I would totally go there! The scenery is lovely.  




 Hey! Where are you from? : ) Or at least, which province, if you rather not share the city?  




 My day is coming to an end, and I guess it was okay. After about 23 hours without eating, I finally ate something and that alone made me feel awesome. I'm trying to fight cravings right now but I can't resist ... so I'm thinking about giving in tomorrow. 

Also, I saw a [picture](https://41.media.tumblr.com/1c6b1dbde3643ef9054d538db3501315/tumblr_mtjqhcjo3a1qmkgojo1_540.jpg) of my home city and I really miss it. I decided to street view it a bit and now I'm pretty much in tears. I've been away for three months now. There are some cities, like New York City and Paris that just make me very emotional for some reason. Montreal, my home city, is just the same. I love it so much!  




 Just wanna say this, intelligence has nothing to do with substance usage. I went to "one of the top five best high schools" in my city, and everyone but my group of friends and maybe five other kids never touched drugs. I may be one out of three who has never touched alcohol. And I am willing to bet I'm one of the least intelligent kids.

It's usually peer pressure, or this idea that teens should be doing this at that age. 




 Happy to see SHINee mentioned! Though I honestly think their best song as of right now is "Dream Girl" (I'm on mobile sorry).  




 Doesn't count if you sleep through most of it : ) 




 Sounds pretty cool, especially when many people sung it together. I think that's the charm with the USSR Russian version. It's just powerful to hear so many people who (maybe? at least they sound like it) believe in their nation.  




 The only reason why I like the [Haitian National Anthem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQk3aqml2c8) is because there are ten versions to the lyrics, one for each work day, and in both official languages (creole and french). I don't know what happened during the week-end, but during work days, you have to stop in front of the National Palace and sing it while they raise it. At school, we had to sing it, too! The official National Anthem is all five parts together. Generations before me have a parody in creole of it, because they were so sick of singing it every single day. It's really funny. I wish I could find it. 

 Besides, I love the Russian anthem as well. Amazingly powerful! [This version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U06jlgpMtQs) from the USSR gives me chills all the time. 




 It's nothing big, I just live with other people and I'm too anxious to leave my room when they're all awake, so I wait at night (usually past 8 pm, most are in their rooms). I'll definitely go grocery shopping as early as possible tomorrow morning. Maybe buy bread and peanut butter.  




 Definitely! Or else I think I would have fainted by now!  




 Ah, I used to be the same. Always snacking. I hate hunger as well!  




 It's not really a choice? Well I guess in a sense it is but. Bleh. Stupid anxiety stuff.  




 Thank you. I was wondering if my body was being dramatic (I'm overweight and used to eat all the time, so maybe it's just extremely weird for my body to not be fed as often). 

It's really stupid, but I am not at home. I live with a host family overseas. I have free access to their kitchen, that's no problem, but lately I've been feeling a lot of anxiety around them. So much so, that I wait for most of them to be asleep to leave my room and go find something to eat. I'm not making much money, and today is Sunday and in Germany, most things are closed.  




 Thanks for letting me know. I was wondering if my body was exaggerating, since I'm overweight and maybe I've become really dramatic or something. I don't know.  




 Same here. However I have nothing. Absolutely nothing (but water).  




 Sorry this sounds like an odd question, but I haven't eaten in 22 hours now. Actually, lately, I've been eaten way less often than I'm used to, and almost every day I feel like I'm on the verge of death. I don't know how normal it is. 

Symptoms usually include a really bad migraine, feeling like head is too heavy for my body, burps (not uncomfortable but I guess worth mentioning), ringing in the ears, and an overall feeling of weakness. But I feel like 22 hours is very few for this type of reaction? 

** By the way, it's not that I don't want to eat. I'm the biggest food lover in the world. It's just that the circumstances I'm in I've led me to eat less than usual, sometimes not at all for a full day. 




 "You're worthy of my time."
I still sometimes doubt the person who says it because of self-esteem stupidity, but at that moment, it felt really good to hear that and to believe it for a microsecond.  




 I'm fat, and I want to lose weight and be healthy and blablabla. But the problem is I do a lot of emotional eating, and I don't seek help to fix it. Simply because I'm afraid of failing and feeling more like shit. Cuz nothing beats eating when you're feeling down (for me). 




 Apps!  




 Oh man. I hate interviews. I've had a few in my life, and they all went terrible. The worst has to be when I applied to work in a convenience store. I was answering the situational questions, thinking "Yeeeess, I'm killing it!" when it was my turn to ask questions. Then I asked a question about how they handle people robbing (since she had previously mentioned that kids from the neighboring school steal snacks almost on the daily). She responds: Well, TEAMWORK (she says it loud and slowly) definitely makes it a lot easier. 

Then it dawned on me. Throughout my interview, I did not mention teamwork once. Situational questions were answered with me basically saying: "I'll do this, then this, then this." instead of "I'll talk about it with x, then go help y, and advise z." 

I'm naturally a loner and during interviews, my brain shuts off. I can't think so I guess my truest self surfaces. Sometimes I wonder if I'll ever get a job.  




 Most pictures where he's with his daughter, he looks like the happiest man on Earth. 




 Ah now I understand. Sorry for misunderstanding, but I wasn't really expecting people talking about relationships, since that's one aspect of life. I meant life in general. Like how you feel about yourself, your mood, your motivation to go on, etc.

But anyway. At least I know you're not like that first guy.  




 I used to think the same thing, until I got on the bus one day, some random guy sit next to me and I didn't even think about it because what the hell he's a person like me, then he started touching me inappropriately. Now I fear sitting next to most men. It's been about four years and I'm slowly going back to my old self, though I do find myself making myself as small as possible or putting my backpack on my lap, when I'm sitting next to men. It's a thing you can't help. Like you wouldn't eat popcorn, at least for a while, if you almost choked to death while eating some.  




 I don't it has anything to do with children discovering things and whatever, since from a very young age, children lead pretty monotonous lives. Yet the days still feel really long. 




 Depends how you see it. If you think there is such a thing as an absolute zero of caring, and you're there, then yes. You couldn't care less. If you believe there is +care, a zero, then -care, then I could care less makes sense.  




 What? No one would tell a fat person they're too fat? Wanna exchange lives for a couple of days? 




 Look. My question is not so complicated. People always say "it gets better". "It" being life in general.

First comment is some dude complaining about how shit women are. Second comment is some dude saying women are useless to him.

So what is there to conclude? Explanation #1: He saw the first comment, got salty, and wrote something similar about how women are shit. Explanation #2: He didn't understand or didn't care enough to answer my question.

I guess you fit explanation #2 if you insist, but explanation #1 is not farfetched.

Still, why the hell are you replying to this question if that's not what I was asking?  




 Maybe I'm too old school, but I don't think that when it comes to love, you should actively look for it. Or else it's most probably artificial. By that I mean you'll date the person under a specific condition that is most likely going to be broken. Just wait?  




 Ok first of all, what does that have to do with my question then? Second, I'll quote you "They're good for". Who uses this to qualify humans, except the few bitter anti-women neckbeard whatever men I've seen on Reddit?  




 Omg, OP's comment history is incredibly sad! What is wrong with the man?  




 Have you read your comment? Here.
  the only thing a woman can bring to a relationship now that I can't get elsewhere with less of a hassle is sex. And unless the sex is mind-blowingly good, **it's not worth tolerating all the other shit she's going to bring along with her to get it.**

In other words, you mean the only good thing about women is sex, and they become worthy of your time if they're good at it. You're not even saying "In my experience" or "My exes were shit". You just took 3.5 billion people and just put them in the same "Good for sex and nothing else" category.

Thanks, mate.  




 I am American, but raised by Haitians in both Haiti and Canada. Haitians are not shy people, and I don't think the 10 years I spent in Canada might have done this to me.  




 Back home in Canada, a couple of people and I were coming back from spending an evening in a café downtown. We all live in the West side of our city, one of two parts where the metro doesn't reach, but there is an express bus from one of the metro stations to the mall in our region, and we all took it. At the mall, we each take different buses, but since it was night, there were only two buses per hour. So instead of waiting, I took the express bus (which has a line that continues until the most western point of the city), and the closest stop to my house is 15 minutes away if you walk, less than a minute if you take another bus. But I was too cold to wait. So, I walked. 

It was so quiet. Very few cars, and it was extremely dark. I listened to music and just slowly advanced in the snow. Somehow, I wasn't freezing anymore. Well, the cold became comforting. Life, during those 15 minutes, felt amazing. I was finally at peace with my thoughts somehow, I felt really light and good about myself.

Then I walked into my driveway and everything went back to normal.

I miss moments like this.  




 Yeah I try too as well but when it's everyone ... 




 I understand. I don't really believe in auras or energy or whatever, but it's so odd. It's not my face, I believe. I mean I'm no beauty but I'm no Grinch either. I also wonder if you would feel the same way. Probably. 

Not directly, but the host father has said that people naturally feel uncomfortable around me, but that they usually wonder if they've done something wrong. I come off as odd and uncomfortable. To this day, I don't understand how. I dress normally, no fancy haircut ... I'm just quiet. I don't think quiet people are so rare that meeting one is now considered odd.  




 I'm tempted to say "forever", but my first memory of such a thing was the first time I spent the night away from home. I think I was 8 or 9. A cousin of my mother invited me and five other children to stay at her house for Christmas until New Year's. All week, they were just uncomfortable, and I thought: "Good! I'm not the only socially awkward person here!" Then the day I was supposed to leave, I went to the basement to say bye to them and they were having tons of fun! 

I also remember when 4 years ago I went to Mexico for a student exchange program thing. Same thing. The girl who was hosting me, I thought she was naturally shy and awkward. Well, no. She is when she's around me, not when she's around other people. Then we went to a party one day and I tried to be sociable and whatnot. Some guy had guitar hero and I wanted to try. The second I took the guitar/controller, everyone but maybe two classmates left. Then when my turn was over, everyone came back. 

And the worst is, those people were never mean to me. Ever. They've all been helpful, caring and friendly to a certain extend. But they're just uncomfortable or less happy when I'm around.  




 Cold rainy days are perfect days for watching TV and eating junk food! Or reading a book while munching on carrots. Whatever you're into! 

It's just the perfect day to just laze around and do something that "cannot" put you in a bad mood. It really depends on who you are. Some people like walking in the rain. Some people like sitting in front of their window and look at the rain. Seriously. Rainy days are the best!  




 No that was just one example. And it's not because she kept asking me stuff, and it wasn't annoying at all. I just mean that when I'm around people, they're not at their happiest. Ever. But when I'm not, like when I would walk way behind them, it's like they felt way better. My presence feels inappropriate.

And what's funny is that even the baby notices it. He's a really happy baby, not shy at all, and he laughs all the time. But then when he looks at me (I'm no stranger), he just stops laughing or smiling. He looks at me like I just ruined it for him. Then he looks at someone else and immediately starts laughing and smiling again.

I just have a bad aura. Some people translate it as "always unhappy" (which is not too far from reality), others as "always uncomfortable" (which, also, is not too far from reality). But the core 'problem' is that I feel like I shouldn't be around people. 




 Oh lord I used to get into intense arguments because of frozen bread. I despise bread in the freezer or the fridge.  




 Meh. I have no social life and I hate parties. I also hate alcohol so I'll never get drunk in my life. I guess I'm good.  




 Not quite. I feel like I can easily ruin their happiness.

For instance yesterday, I went out with the family that hosts me (I'm in Germany for the next year with them). They're a couple with a baby, and yesterday we went to visit the mother's brother, who's married and whose wife is pregnant. At first, it was okay. They talked, we ate. Then they wanted to go out. I just naturally started walking behind them, as I usually do when I'm with people. Mostly because I like being alone in my thoughts, and I don't like attracting attention. But yesterday, they were having a jolly good time, and I felt like I was like a black smoke, so I should just stay behind them. A black smoke full of negative energy or something, and they should avoid me. And you could tell, they were worried. They kept asking me "Do you want this? Or this?" For a full minute (which is long), the mother kept asking me if I wanted to eat, go shopping, look around, drink something ... for a full minute! And she was so desperate to get a "Yes" from me, but she never got it. I think I slightly ruined her day.  




 Sometimes I wonder if I should get into drinking ... not that I want to be an alcoholic but so many people seem to find comfort in alcohol.

But I hate alcohol. So I get "drunk" on fast food and orange juice. Guess my weight!  




 Hey! Honestly lately I've been feeling like my entire aura is foul and I don't think I can fix that.

By aura, I just mean energy. Like whatever other people pick up when they're around me.  




 Honestly, I'm feeling the same way. Life isn't something I was meant to have. I cannot find anything worth my time. And like you, I don't mean like "My time is too precious for this". Quite the opposite. I'm useless and I have no motivation nor reason to change that. Life just feels. Eh. 

Until maybe a few hours ago (well, my opinion on that changes quite often), my life goal was to be a mother. But it is the most selfish thing I can do, which is bad. I know, having children is selfish in itself but only the decision should be selfish. The rest of your life should be devoted to raising your child to be a HAPPY and healthy person. But I think my state of mind is too improper and unpredictable for a child to be raised by me. 

I should have been a rock.  




 Well, great. I'm very vocal about how it doesn't change our lives so why should anyone care about what others like or what makes other people happy. 




 I was wondering about people with an overall shitty life. Not people who've been unlucky with ~~women~~ relationships/love.

Yet another person who sees women as a thing that should make their life better. Sorry to say this, but with this attitude, I'm glad you're having a hard time. 




 I was thinking about life in general, not just relationships. Also, sounds more like you were unlucky. You, the individual. You can't make it a men vs. women thing because if you want to go there, older ladies who happen to be single have no luck unless they're rich or find people with an old lady fetish. Because men like to go for your girls. And I do mean girls.

If you want love, you'd have to change your attitude towards women. Because, fun fact, they're people too. And not just things to fulfill your love/sex life.  




 What would getting rid of them change?! And Norway still have their Royal Family as well. Why are other countries way more unbothered by their Royal Family than the UK? It's only because in the UK, they have a celebrity status, and people everywhere either publicly or secretly hate celebrities. Especially those "rich for no reason" (most famous example of all time: Kim K.). Just let them be, man. If all they did was to have been born with the right combination of genes, then good on them. Because being from the middle class and lower sucks. So, happy they won't have to know this. 




 Listen to something boring. Not boring as in "Ugh. Please be done already!" But something that will not overly stimulate your mind. Like white noise. It's repetitive, nothing unexpected happens, it works great. What also may work is watching workout videos for beginners. The kind you see on TV early in the morning. The movements are simple enough for your brain to not go "WOAH WHAT JUST HAPPENED!"

Ok I don't know if you were asking for advices on how to fall asleep, but here. Enjoy :D

Or you can always drink milk. Some say warm, others say cold ... I say cold.  




 Sounds like your grandparents really care about you if they're willing to handle this type of event. So go and enjoy yourself. At least enjoy their presents. Maybe to you it's boring but to them, it's the most they can do to show how proud they are of you. 




 Sorry. English is not my first language. Care to explain instead of just pointing it out?  




 Super Mario Bros on the DS. Even if you finish your game, you can give yourself the challenge of unlocking all the worlds, or collecting all the stars, or as many coins as possible. 

 




 So I don't know where you live, but if you're in Canada, take the "Canadian" pizza from Pizza Hut. Meat on meat on meat, oh and mushrooms. To die for. 

I think the equivalent everywhere else is "meat lover". But if you like mushrooms, yo. Just go buy some and put that on the pizza. Amaaaaazing!  




 First of all, you must not visit Germany enough to know that they have kept many Nazi built buildings as symbols of "Let's remember we were shit, and let's never go back to that." Example: Wolfsburg Main Train Station. 

Second, [just tourists alone "reimburse" the cost of the Royal Family](http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2013/07/is-the-british-royal-family-worth-the-money/278052/). And on top of that, [The Queen herself has helped many charity groups she's the patron of raise more than a billion pounds](http://www.theguardian.com/voluntary-sector-network/2012/jun/11/queen-charitable-support). A billion! 

Look, if you don't like the Royals, fine. But if you truly think not having them would save Britain (financially), well no. * They are not The problem. Whoever is dealing with your economy is*. Is France better than the UK? Not really. Is Sweden or Luxembourg a shithole? I don't think so.  




 Maybe I will find no one? But today I've been seeing a lot if "I'm a living proof that it gets better" or things along those lines, so I wanted to hear from people who are living proofs of "it depends". 




 Again, like I said, they're symbols. Like many other buildings have negative side to them, a negative story. If you go to Germany, you'll find many of those, the only difference is that none of those symbols are humans, so they cannot better themselves (which the Royals have done). 

Now, the Monarchy knows the history they have, it is why they give out more than they get. It is why Royals are required to work for the state (The Queen helped out during the Second World War! And Prince Harry was deployed, I believe, twice in the Middle East. His brother did something in the army as well, I don't remember what). Not only that, but they give millions in charity, and they don't just sit on their thrones and sign checks. They actually go and help in person. Talk to people, share and help. Obviously the Queen doesn't do that anymore. She's 80+ years old. But the younger ones travel a lot, usually as symbols of something deeper. Kind of like a remember of "Hey, we got your back." Obviously countries like Canada, Australia or the UK barely see this since they're 'rich', but Jamaica and Lesotho for example do see a difference because they have something like the Monarchy that has their back. Obviously it's not perfect, we're humans after all. But it's better than nothing.  




 Same if you destroyed Big Ben and made it a hotel. Same if you destroyed all those churches and made them as hotels. I mean. You could get rid of anything historical and just build new apartments, or hotels, or whatever. 

Like I said, they are symbols. Symbols that people decided to preserve. They just happen to be humans. 

** Whoops. Big Ben is the clock. Not the entire building.  




 Nah. But even if I were, I don't see the problem. If you're talking about the tax you have that is given to them, I was subject to that too. Lived in Canada for 10 years. And it literally was cents.  




 I used to do both because I thought one shower a day was nasty, then I became lazy and showered in the morning only because I thought not showering before leaving the house was nasty, but then lately I've been showering at night ... Because I want an extra hour of sleep. I really can't fall asleep early, so I rather shower immediately before bed (midnight) so I can wake up at 7 instead of 6 or 6:30. However I work 'at home', so whatever. If I have to go outside, I still shower beforehand. 

Btw when I say nasty, I mean I would be nasty if I did it. I used to sweat a lot, and not showering twice a day meant hell until I found a good deo, and since it's still cold and I don't sweat at night anymore, I wake up smelling fresh now. Very happy.  




 Sometimes I wish I were a toddler that ends up being adopted by Prince Harry. Just because he looks like he would be the most terrific father ever. 




 I still don't understand why so many people hate the Royals, when they're no different than descendants of CEOs or celebrities. Actually, they do more. They still have to go to school, they still have to serve the state. And they all did, and the younger ones still work. They're just a symbol. They literally bother no one ... I really don't get it.  




 It's not really a song (since it has no lyrics), but I really enjoy this piece by the xx. It's called Intro, and it is literally the intro to one of their albums. The original version is less than 2 minutes long, but some people have made longer versions (seamless edits are the bests!), like [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4UtBYUMVJk), which is two hours and forty five minutes long. There used to be a ten hour version edited the same way, that got deleted (but thankfully I had downloaded it before it got taken off YouTube!)

If you want actual songs, I think most songs by Coldplay work well. What's funny is that it depends on your mood. They're good songs for when you're sad and want to stay sad, sad and want to be happier, happy and want to stay happy ... etc. [Clocks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbI1FpLd4Vk) is my personal favorite. 

There's also Weezer with Island in the Sun. Sorry I can't seem to find a good version on YouTube. You probably can (I'm in Germany and most videos are blocked). 

Last one that just screams "feel good", literally, is [Feel Good](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plvpV9p0ywg) by Gorillaz. It's very different to the others (no calming rhythm), but somehow, hearing "Feel Good" makes me feel better. But I guess it is not for everyone.

Enjoy! : )


 




 I once wrote miaou as a conclusion to a writing test I had in high school (we were given a topic and we had to debate). I literally skipped two lines after my solid argument, and I added

Miaou.

As ashamed as I am, I still can't help but miaou when a situation is awkward. As if that helps.

Edit: pardon my French. Meow ** 




 Why are people so pretentious in this subreddit? I thought it was /r/earthporn, not /r/photographyporn. Of course with a professional camera, this would have looked stunning but it looks great already. Do y'all see the Kilimanjaro so often that you feel blasé when you see an iPhone picture of it? 

Cool picture!  




 I have for a few months. Honestly, I did it because I wanted to take care of children, but people have become very picky with who is allowed to take care of their child (age, experience, formal education related to childcare), while this volunteering responsibility I got only a police background check. I was 18 when I started, so of course I had no diploma to show any formal education I could have had, and at 18 you're still a kid, and of course, compared to someone twice my age, I have no experience. I have never gotten in trouble with the law either, So I chose volunteering. Loved it.

Basically, I had to take care of children while their parents took some time alone. Those parents, usually single women, were often immigrants or very poor people, so they needed that help/deserved it. I was supposed to look after two children for three hours a week, but it would sometimes last 8 hours, since the mother would go to school and stuff. I didn't mind. 

My biggest regret is not being creative enough with the children, and the fact that I easily give up when I fail. It's my biggest flaw in general, but I think if I were just slightly more positive as a person, they would have been very happy. For instance one of them was really unhappy when I took her out, and because of that, to this day I fear going out with a child. I also wish I had more money so I could take the children to different activities. Staying indoors when you're not so creative of a person can become dull very easily, especially for youngsters. But I would do it all over again. Any time. I would do it for the rest of my life and full-time, if only I was guaranteed to at least have a roof over my head and food to eat.  




 Reproduce? No way. But I was doomed with a natural love for children. I always think about adopting children (many of them), but then I remember the kind of person I am. I suck. I'm a terrible human being, living a terrible life, with terrible thoughts 24/7. Forcing someone else into my world would be abuse.

I am trying hard to get myself to not think about children and being a parent, but it's not working. And anyway, I have no real purpose in life, and I thought being a parent would be one. If it's not, I could die right now.  




 I feel the same. I feel ignored and meaningless, but I also don't want to be talked with because the other person is bored, has nothing better to do, I'm paid to be nice, etc. It just reinforces the idea that meaningless. So say, if the plumber comes over, I am not having a conversation with them because chances are, it will be one of those "I have nothing better to do/I'm bored/I'm being polite" conversations.  




 I think if you like your space, a cat would be better. If you still somehow want some kind of attention and even affection, a dog is awesome. Dogs can be sometimes invasive, but in the most loving and genuine way.  




 Ha. I have been living with a host family for three months, and to this day, I really hate going downstairs when they're here. Not because I don't like their company (they are the greatest people I ever met), I just still feel like I'm a stranger, and my presence is inappropriate, and just coming down to their kitchen "uninvited" would be rude. Which is really stupid because if I'm allowed to sleep in their house, I guess I am invited to go to every other rooms. But yeah. If they're in a bedroom, there's no way I'm going there. If they're in the kitchen/dining-room/living-room, I'm staying in my room. 

It's currently 4 pm, I am starving, but I would much rather stay in my room all day than go downstairs.

Stupid anxiety.  




 I'm sorry. I have no idea how this thing called "being sociable" works, but being corny, trying to be funny in real life doesn't work. She would probably laugh or answer to be polite (and that's kind of her job), but that's it. 

Starting a conversation is extremely easy. Very few will blatantly ignore you. Starting a meaningful conversation that will lead to something, anything, that's tough and it takes some serious skills.  




 Yeah. The thing is I want to learn by hearing people talk, since I have no one to talk with. And it's easier to write than to speak in a foreign language, since you have time to think, ressources to check, etc. 

Tv could be helpful, but I guess not German TV. 




 Pretty sure most Reality TV shows are scripted. But I guess it depends on what the scripting does. In those videos I've linked, the people are real, their actions are real, the outcome of the shows are real, but the people are often asked to do certain things a certain way (usually dramatically), just so it can be a little more interesting. Like Gordon Ramsay is extremely dramatic in Hell's Kitchen because no one would watch if he wouldn't yell. 

Now if even what the people feel and say is scripted ... I'm out. I've seen a show like this, I don't remember the channel (maybe VOX?). Some lady was crying because she wanted to see her family after they had moved or something. Then "all of a sudden", they come out the door and no one was waiting for them, but somehow they had mics on them and the lighting was perfect, perfectly stabilized cameras filming the 'unexpected entrance". Then the lady says, in the most "I failed theatre class" way: "Ich liebe ... Ich liebe dich." to her granddaughter who was like :/. Then the lady started fake-sobbing. Oh lord. No thank you.  




 After spending some time watching Germany's "Wife Swap", yeah. It's quite different from what I am used to. I think (North) Americans need constant stimulation, so you can't literally film someone doing the same thing for more than 5 minutes, unless shit happens every once in a while (speaking of Hell's Kitchen. They cook for maybe 10-15 minutes straight but every 2 minutes, Gordon Ramsay gets pissed). 

I like show is featuring families, because if you have children, chances are your lief can't be that empty. But then Wife Swipe ... The children were like. Background decor. The show was about the mothers more than what they do with the families. I like uneventful stuff but damn. German Reality TV is VERY uneventful. (Maybe it gets better but 17 minutes before the end, nothing had happened so I stopped watching). 

Man. I wanted to watch German TV just to hear the language as much as possible but everything so far have been so boring to me.   




 Thanks! I've been looking for streaming websites as well! : ) 




 Yes, I do mean something like 'Aching Kontrolle' but that show specifically, I don't really enjoy it. I guess I like shows where people cook or shows where people take care of children, or shows where you see families. 

Documentaries are cool but since I don't understand German, I don't feel comfortable watching a documentary yet. It's something I watch when I want to learn about a topic, so guessing what the narrator is saying would remove the joy out of it. : ) 




 Is it like American late night nows? I'm not really a fan, to be honest. This will sound weird but I don't like shows that purposely have humour in them.  




 Thank you! I've actually checked some and the few shows I'd find interesting are not free! A little upset, to be honest : ( 




 Here's the thing. People aren't dumb. They know that they will only get attention if they start rioting. Have you heard of the many (and I mean, many) peaceful walks and protests? I personally only hear from them on social media pages run by Black people only, usually Tumblr or Facebook. But the riots? Oh. Now that's everywhere: Reddit, Twitter, the news, newspaper ... even where I'm sitting, in Germany, I heard about it. But no one talks about the ten peaceful protests that happened before.

There are two kinds of rioters. The "Are you listening now?" and the "Lol better use this occasion to get free shit." That second category is often the one people see on TV, and surprise! They will put the "Are you listening now?" rioters in the same category! 

In Baltimore, there were just as many White rioters as Black rioters. Many of them took pictures of themselves looting stores, taking free beer and chips. And in those pictures I saw, they were literally all White. All just taking beer and chips. But do you hear about them? Nah. Who cares. The media needs something shocking. Something that will make viewers or readers hate those riots, spark the inner-racist in some.  




 Hello!

I am a North American who was spoiled with North American TV. I am now in Germany and I have yet to find something I like. 

I must admit, I am losing interest in TV in general, but I do enjoy some shows, such as [Supernanny](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drlDiTfpiZA), [MasterChef](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZxD-g0dO_M), [Hell's Kitchen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wBVtCkueIY), and a Korean TV show called ['The Return of Superman'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mitSlhDMCQE). I do not like series, movies, or any type of fiction. 

One thing from Germany I thoroughly enjoyed (and I've watched it multiple times) was [this short video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Uoh3bE6-0U) I found on YouTube. I really enjoy reality TV, especially the kind where all the cameramen have to do is follow people around. No real plot, no plans, nothing extraordinary. 

Thanks in advance! 




 Ha, I just came back while another page while loading but it's fine. : )

Thank you so much! What a great subreddit!  




 The first top comment is a sarcastic one about how Black people mishandle their situation, when this video features at most 8 kids, but still, they represent our entire race! Second top comment (deleted now) was about someone having terrible experiences with Black people, and then you have a couple of Asians replying about how they're staying away from Black people. Third top comment (deleted) was what I meant when I said people always talk about how "Black culture being problematic and they need to go". Fourth top comment is okay, I guess, I don't want to think too much into it. Then fifth top comment is about a guy who can't help but find "those people" idiotic. Sixth is sarcastic and making fun of the fact that Black people nowadays are sick of always being called criminals. I stopped there.  




 I live in Hannover right now. I do get some stares, especially since I am wearing breads and [it looks like this](http://getfiercestyle.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/yesnatty-com.jpg). Btw, that is not me. The size and the quantity seems to attract attention. No big deal, really. I have not witnessed racism towards Asians either, but then I've been here for only 13 weeks. 

I think "Black culture" is way too broad because you have different 'types of black'. I am originally from the West Indies. Within the West Indies, there is a huge different between ex-English colonies, and ex-French colonies. I don't know how different ex-Dutch colonies are though. And then, you have Africa, which is so diverse that I don't know where to begin. I think African-Americans have their own culture though (and it is rich and interesting), but then once you immigrate to America and you're Black, you're seen as the same as African-Americans. People as confuse consequences of black segregation and black culture as well. Sorry I am terrible at explaining.  




 I am American but I never lived in the US. I lived in Canada, the Caribbean, and I am now in Germany. And, I think you are right. Race is less of an issue here. At least, in Germany it is. Of course, you have some racism towards other groups but it's more like people muttering insults under their breath because "a damn immigrant cut them off today." But you don't see people openly discuss it. 

I try not to think about it either, but sometimes it hits me. Today was just a bad day from the get-go. Seeing this did not help.

But thank you for the comment : ) 




 Sure! [Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/33w6dj/reporter_robbed_by_black_youths_while_covering/) is what led me to writing this. I didn't read the YouTube comment as they were predictable, but yeah. The Reddit comments are not better.  




 Thanks a lot. That was so well written. Today was just a bad day but from now on, I'll try to just keep my head up.

Thank you again! : ) 




 I don't have much a problem in my day-to-day life with racism. Usually they're at the same level as YouTube comments: Very stupid and easily forgettable, but too many can get to you. People are too chicken to voice 'smart racism'. Actually, I am lucky enough to have lived most of my life in countries where people are afraid to talk too loudly (Canada for 10 years, Germany now). But still, you know the racism is there. People you see on the streets go online to denigrate you and your entire culture, country or race. 

And I may be moving to Southern America next year ... yikes!  




 I try to stay away from it as much as possible, actually. But sometimes, I just wonder if people's opinion are changing. In that particular case, I read the comments in hopes of having someone say "It's not because they're black, it's because they're poor." type of comment. It was there, but many people disagreed. Some Asian guy replied and said "Yeah, Blacks are racist, so I'm raising my children to stay away from them." Fucking great. A thousand upvotes.

Thank you though. Hopefully it gets better for everyone.  




 Ha. I happen to be both. And the worst part is most people think they're doing something right. And the majority just agrees with them. How is the situation ever gonna change if the majority (who also happen to be the loudest) is against you?

I guess I will unsure from them. Small subreddits are really great!  




 Hey, this AskReddit thread didn't even get to my front page. I still looked at it and ... yeah. What a terrible mistake. What I have is from the the subreddit 'Videos', and there's this video of a bunch of kids, who are Black, who then steal from a reporter. I didn't watch the whole thing, and like the idiot that I am, I read the comments. I always do. Usually, I just check the first three to see if people are being racist or not. Sometimes they aren't .... it's usually in small subreddits, I must admit. 

Yeah they shouldn't get us down. Today was just a rough day, and to see this didn't help. Worst it, tomorrow I'll see the same. And the day after tomorrow, the same. Etc. I don't know when that will ever end.  




 Every time I come on here, I am constantly reminded of how most people view my race as dangerous, stupid, pigs, disrespectful ... At least once a week, this reminder gets to the front page. What's even more annoying with Reddit is that people act "smart" with their racism. On youtube, you see the usual "fuck those n-word we should lynch them", which is easily ignorable (thought it gets to you after a while). While on Reddit, people write so formally about how "Black culture is problematic and people who 'practice' it should be eradicated because it's helping no one.", then they get gold, thousands of upvotes, thousands of replies with people just agreeing. Then you have the sarcastic comments about how "Oh yeah, and the *real* racists/idiots are white."

I don't know. I really wish I were not black sometimes. I'm tired of living in countries where I'm seen as inferior no matter what. One group of idiotic people who happen to be black just ruins it for us all, but an entire idiotic nation with people who happen to be white has nothing to do with the world population of whites.

It really sucks. 

** This subreddit is sincerely the best. All the thoughtful, beautiful and uplifting comments really made my afternoon that much better. I don't know how to thank you all. I am seriously at awe at how amazing of a subreddit this is, all this because of amazing human beings like you all. I am very lucky. Thank you again. 

After reading all of your nice comments and having a good cry (I'm sorry I sound like a cry-baby, but it did help), I am on my way to buying my favorite food of all time, and I will watch my favorite show until the night. I am feeling so great. Again, it is all thanks to you! 




 Oh, yes. My daily dose of "Remember, kid, people will hate you because you're black." Just what I needed on this fine Sunday evening. 




 I bought this! To be honest, going through the pages a couple of times is fun. Then you just store it somewhere until to make friends to show it off to.  




 I'm from Canada, so I'm used to it being free. 124 euros sounds hella expensive to me :/ 




 I know I was agreeing with you ... I said I don't know how bad it is objectively, though subjectively it is really bad, but I'd probably not be the first person to get treated.  




 For some reason, I really don't like random words on tattoos in general, so the "Damaged" is just too cheesy for me. However, the "HAHAHA", I'm sold. For some other reason. 




 I am in Germany. I don't know if there are any clinics I can just walk into or not. Either way, I think I will wait the few weeks. Today wasn't too bad of a day. No large "booms" yet (I slept through the day because of the headache though).  




 I don't know how legitimate it is. Obviously next to a pregnant lady and a kid with a broken arm, I think I can wait. But then at the same time, I would be a pregnant lady with a broken arm next to someone with a really hard headache, I would think that I could wait.

Ha. It's really bad. Comparatively though? I don't know :/ 




 Honey glazed is the bomb! And sometimes I would add pure honey on top of that ish! It's amazing!  




 I have big boobs unfortunately, and I cannot go braless even if I wanted to. Actually, I don't even like the feeling of not having something support me. I have terrible bras though. I got fitted once in my life, and honestly I hate those well-fitted bras simply because it still feels like my boobs are swimming in a sack, when I want them to be tight and not move an inch. And ... back problems. I'm at a point where I can't walk for too long without at least carrying a backpack.

I am very envious of you, but also very happy!! :)  




 Interesting? I don't know, but vanilla ice cream with cheerios is honestly the best thing I've ever 'made' and tasted. I bet it's super common though. I just didn't have milk that night, so I used the thing closest to milk that I know of. 




 Lately, I have been feeling like I'm basically about to die. 

I have been having daily headaches for as long as I can remember, but about four months ago, they had stopped. Well, they came back last week and this time, I honestly feel like I am dying.

The right side of my face usually is where I feel the headache, and when I push on my neck arteries, it really hurts my temple, and it feels like something is about to explode there. The headache is like a constant background noise, with loud booms of sound every few minutes or so. They are destabilizing. Sometimes I can't even keep my eyes open, it hurts so much. 

I recently moved to a new country, and I still don't have insurance, so I must wait a couple more weeks before seeing a doctor. I just wanted to share this, in hopes of finding someone with the same/similar symptoms. 

(ironically, right now, I feel nothing). 

Thank you all for your answers! At least I know death isn't on its way :) 




