 Just take care of yourself, and remember this next time you see someone else who seems down. Even just a smile can pull someone out of the gutter; you can make a huge difference to someone just by doing something little :]  




 Hi. Please come over and visit us at /r/suicidewatch if you feel these thoughts are getting more persistent. We're here to support you :]


You are not weak. You are strong. You are fighting this. You've thought about suicide, and you've rejected it. You are brave, and you will beat this. You have to want to pull yourself out of this, you have to start thinking up. Start smiling, even if you aren't happy (you'll trick your brain into releasing happy hormones :D) YOU ARE WORTHY! You are human, and you were born here. You've got just as much of a right to life and happiness as everyone else. You are a strong human being. you are worth it  




 Hi. You are a teenager; by definition you are going to make mistakes. Right now, things seem pretty terrible. It sucks. You feel worthless and shitty, and like nothing is worth it.


But it is. Because your life hasn't even begun yet :] you have to keep trudging on, keep pushing yourself a little bit every day. Make it a goal to accept your mistakes and learn from them. In a little while you'll find the strength to do things you didn't realize you were capable of; maybe even ask out that girl. And I bet you'll be even more super careful now  driving after you made that mistake; that extra caution may end up saving your life one day. Then you might actually be thankful o
For cracking that bumper (kinda ridiculous how life works that way, huh?)

So keep that in mind every time you feel sucky, or down. Being a teenager is basically having depression, anxiety, and a bit of OCD all wrapped up in one several-year long party; feeling horrible is going to happen. But there is a light at the end of the tunnel. Just don't wait for it to come to you, now is the time to start working for it. You can get past this :] 




 Have you continued seeing a therapist since then? Perhaps it might be good to go talk to one, but specify you're looking to deal with the underlying issues and root of the problem, as opposed to copping mechanisms. Don't afraid to be picky if you need to find a new one; keep hunting around until you find someone easy to open up to.  




