 That's a good philosophy to have, I'm gonna borrow that. You sound like quite the interesting preschool teacher :) 




 I just started a new job as a technician at a medical facility and a couple supervisors have made false assumptions about me being straight. For example, I was complaining about having to move out of my apartment and my supervisor said, "What you need to do is go out and find yourself a nice boyfriend to take care of those things, hurr hurr!". Being that he's my supervisor, I was unsure of whether to correct him that I'm in fact a strong lesbian who don't need no man. I am out to one coworkers who I know is friends with many LGBT people, but otherwise no one knows. I wondered if my fellow Raptors are out at work, especially when the topic of dating pops up? 




 Is it weird that I didn't know kinky hair could be grown any where but on the head? I've never seen nappy eyebrows or leg hair, I wonder if that exists? 




 I tried it and it worked wonderfully. Focus on the mons, not the inner labia and definitely not near the vaginal opening. There's also Skin Tight and Witch Hazel that are very good as well. 




 I wondered the same thing with that trans kid who stepped out in front of a truck. Why scar someone else for life? I don't think people with suicidal depression give a whole lot of critical thought to their actions.  




 Thanks!  




 But what do ladies "feel like" in comparison to men? 




 I'll give a definition slightly different than the one above. It's been explained to me as one's "internal sense" of being a male or female, sometimes neither (genderqueer) or both. A sense of gender identity is more defined in some people. For example, I don't feel like I have one, the concept doesn't make a ton of sense to me either. 




 Crunchy outside, nougaty center 




 Double the nutrient absorption! 




 Those features make me super paranoid I'm gonna hit the "share" button on my favorite interracial midget porn. I have to check my page afterwards to make sure it's not posted in my newsfeed. 




 Going to different buildings/floors should give you different story options. Make shitting more fun! 




 Jambalaya or Seafood Paella, I've gotten pretty good at it over the last year.  




 70 degree weather? I'll trade you for the - 7 in Iowa right now.  




 I'm in a multicultural sorority too, Sigma Lambda Gamma, can I ask which you're in? 




 Now he has time to learn Braille 




 80-90% of the population has it

Source on that stat? 




 +1 for AE boxer briefs! And they come in really great designs as well. I haven't had the problem with ride up either. 




 I've decided to start working out on campus and wondered if anyone knows what time of day is least crowded at the gym? I'm hoping to not wait for squat racks and such.

Also I'm kind of new, are people in the gyms generally cool and not douchebags?

Thanks! 




 Ha just finished watching that episode 




 What's swag music? 




 Solo jam with the bearded clam (masterbate) 




 Rashida is of Arabic origin....

Like Muhammad, Farah, or Yasmin 




 Huh. Out of all the sociology classes I've taken I've never heard the term ethnic used this way. 




 You can be black and Latino/a. One is a race the other is an ethnicity. Not mutually exclusive categories.

Source: Cuban and Dominican friends 




 Same here, we got to appreciate the global economy that was the slave trade 




 Thank you 




 Genotype doesn't equal phenotype

Source: Transmission genetics 




 We've actually changed to an Italian restaurant now, but I will remember to buy gum beforehand. Thanks for the tip! 




 That's a great idea, I'll check around and see if there's something like that.  




 This is great advice, thanks so much!!  




 After about 4 months of disappointment with online dating, I've been chatting with a girl I think is very cute and stylish and has similar interests: science, books, and fashion. We're planning on meeting this week in person for the first time but I'm seriously nervous. I've never met someone from online before, what are some dos and donts for having a successful meetup? 




 I know this is totally unrealistic but sometimes I imagine I have enough money to buy a small island and move there, to get away from all the b.s. Being black and queer in this country is enough to drive me batshit. 




 Blacks, instead of black people

This really gets underneath my skin every time I see it. Removes all humanity and room for individualism. 




 Good analogy, gonna save for future use against neckbeards 




 Even the women! 




 Dat epithelia 




 I'd like to be a prisoner in her Azz..ka..

Oh nevermind 




 theses things

What does this have to do with your Master's degree? 




 ITT:White jokes 




 Wellll Brazil is a rather complicated case but it is considered to be a Portuguese-speaking Hispanic Country. Most people have Latin, African, White and Indigenous background. [Source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hispanic_and_Latino_Americans) 




 Wow, good for you other people struggle and get shit on. 




 Like what? 




 Thanks for the source. I'll do some reading.  




 Can you please explain to me the scientific link between testosterone levels and income? Also, how do testosterone cause crimes like embezzlement and and fraud? 




 But we don't look at modern Hispanics as evil slave-owners.

There's a fair amount of animosity for Spaniards and Brazilians for their role in the slave trade. From an academic and social stand point I don't think it's overlooked at all. As far as Jews go, undereducated people lump Jews in with whites. 

Also, the form of slavery that occurred in the U.S. is unlike any other form of slavery in human history. Prior to the trans-Atlantic slave trade, slaves were of all races. The U.S. slave trade was unique because it focused solely on Black Africans (with a minority of other groups) as this was their "natural place" and then even after gaining freedom instituted share-cropping, Jim Crow etc etc. The social aspect is entirely unique. 




 I'm not saying you're wrong but in a number of my genetics classes my professors have said there more genetic similarity between randomly chosen black and white people than between two black people who you think would share similarity.  




 I feel like this is more of a straight woman thing. Most of the lesbians I know are bros and stick together. 




 There should be better alternatives to periods and giving birth by now. 




 I've considered public health as a possible career choice, I'd like to know what you do on a day to day basis? What are the most interesting aspects of the job? 




 How did you get into your field? I'm interested! 




 Wanna come to Iowa? I'm right below ya;) 




 Currently on repeat! 




 I don't think it's racist but kind of cringey for making fun of inner city kids.  




 I used to think I was bi up until my freshman year of high school, but that changed during a sleepover with several of my best friends. You know how late at night with friends you tend to talk about your sexual experiences thus far and get a little more daring? My friends mentioned how excited they got kissing boys,  and enjoyed feeling their muscles and erections. 

I wasn't as experienced as my friends, mostly made out here and there, and some dry humping. I had only seen one penis in real life. I compared my experience to theirs and wondered why I didn't feel the crazy attraction and excitement that they did. And what the hell was wet (I was a sheltered child!). I mostly felt nothing or mildly grossed out. 

That changed when my best friend and I decided to sneak off and watch porn after everyone else fell asleep. It featured a pretty red-head and a brunette kissing and tribbing each other. 1 minute into the porn and my clit throbbed and I was more interested in sex than I'd ever been. I guess the film made my friend feel a little adventurous because she leaned over and gave me a peck on the lips. I'd thought I had a "girl-crush" on her before, but this confirmed real feelings. My head rushed and I could feel my heart pumping in my chest. So this is attraction, finally! Even though she ultimately ended up being straight, and I gay, it was my first time  feeling a strong emotional and physical attraction to someone. I realized I wasn't broken, I liked women. And cue, long emotional coming out process. 




 Things don't always play out the way they did here. I complained to my supervisor about one of my fellow black employees calling me the N-word constantly during this. Nigga this, nigga that. At first my supervisor thought I was joking but I told him it offended me and it's not ok just because it's coming from another POC. Long story short, he got in trouble for using racial slurs but was pissed at me for snitching and didn't see why I was mad. I'm glad my old employer had an anti-slur policy, doesn't matter who says it. 




 *Drops mic* 




 Ah I see, I have no idea of the logistics behind that. Interesting point. I know many hospitals hire PAs and ARNPs because they're cheaper for them in the long run. Should be for the patient also.  




 Ch-ch-ch-chia! 




 One day shipping! 




 Can I ask what's wrong with PAs or med students? They are working under the supervision of an MD or DO, whatever diagnosis they come to will be checked over. Plus, most primary care illnesses don't need an MD for treatment. 




 Do the tryptophan supplements make you tired at all? 




 Probably. I remember one news headline being about a giant chicken egg. There's not much to report on. 




 Another Ames resident checking in!! 




 I'm 23 with 66 year old parents. I keep thinking I should hurry up and breed so they'll get to see their grandkids. I wish my mom would stop smoking so she could extend her lifespan and chances of seeing them. 




 Maybe it's Mein Kampf 




 Well there's about 210,000 miles on her, time to trade up. 




 Besides the emotional turmoil, the arrangements seem endless. Social security, bills, arranging the estate. I have no clue how I'm going to do it alone. 




 Hugs internet bro XX 




 I'm in the same boat. It's tough to accept but I'm gradually getting there. I was jealous of my friends who came from teen parents because they get more time with them. 




 Cell phone missing? Cue panic attack and pocket taps. 




 Double check pockets for id, phone, and keys. If missing, cue heart attack 




 How cold it is, and which football team is doing better. 




 Friends and weed 




 There's always that asshole who eats Lays or an apple in a quiet room. 




 Left-handed, gay, scientist, minority. I'd like to see the probability of that. 




 I used to work the last shift in a plasma center. Around 20 minutes before close we'd begin closing down stations to go home for the night. This involved bleaching down everything and putting away equipment. There is always that one person who'd come in 2 minutes before close so I'd have to reopen the booth and bring everything back out, then rebleach once done. Fuck you person, you could come earlier. 




 Eating in public. I always worried have ketchup smeared on my face or people are judging what's on my plate. 




 I call it "Ninja shit" mode 




 Did your heart race answering this post? 




 I feel bad walking past people in wheelchairs. *I need to get past you, please don't think badly of me!* 




 Walking down the street when a bus full of people goes by makes me feel so self-conscious. My walk and face get weird as hell. 




 L.A.? 




 President. I know it's unreasonable but I think you'd appreciate how difficult it is to create a stable and satisfied country. 




 The opposite of naughty Korea 




 I'd honestly pretend to be a man (I'm a woman) and see what life as the opposite sex would be like. 




 My solutions to your problems:

-park in the back. No door dings that way.

-Go at night.

-Amazon reviews for deals and reviews

-Ask the friendliest associate you can find

-Don't go to Walmart

-Say hey, on second thought you can help me with something!

-Wear headphones, no small talk


-Sleep on any major purchases.

Fellow anxious person here, hope it helps 




 Wal-mart employees in a nutshell. 




 Cottage cheese, shredded cheddar cheese and ham or bacon bits. Made it up as a kid and have been eating it ever since. 




 Sounds delicious. I always add fries to my burger. 




 Companionship in moderation. Take time for yourself to reflect and recharge. 




 Sounds like a hood name 




 I'd go with Incus for a boy.  




 She love my dick, call that nigga Richard. 




 Any post that seems like it might remotely involved race, I steer clear of because I know it'll be a shit show. 




 I screwed around too much my freshman year of college and now am going into debt to retake those courses and improve my gpa. Even with all this I don't know if I'll be able to get into PA school. 

Do it right the first time, seriously. 




 You could make the Jimmy John's a little more healthy by ordering the "unwich" instead of the normal sub. Less calories and carbs. Or less fast food might help with better help and more money. 




 Is there any way your credits could be rolled over to another program? I used my biology credits to change to bioinformatics, didn't waste too much time. 




 Shame 




 Comes with Donkey 




 Bad breath 




 Grandfather by 42 




 SLAP!!!! 




 Don't you know antivirus causes autism? 




