 This is why you don't propose to someone IN FRONT OF A FUCKING CINNABON 




 Wow, that's disgusting. Holy shit. I'm really sorry and I hope you're healthy and happy, and I hope the ignorant shit who said that to you comes to see things differently someday. It's 100% not your fault and I hope you can recover from whatever trauma might have been inflicted on you. You are loved and and strong and you have this entire subreddit's support 3 




 "Created by /u/monkeytits" 




 I recently started liking [Microsoft Yi Baiti Regular's](http://imgur.com/MQLc7wy) collection of lowercase letters. I was messing around in After Effects trying to figure out how to animate text, and I used Yi Baiti's lowercase paired with Gill Sans' uppercase for any words I wanted to emphasize, and I really liked how they looked together. 









 A kid in one of my classes does dip but spits it into a clear water bottle. It takes every ounce of effort not to gag audibly in the middle of class. 




 As someone who suffers from anxiety, I think this is probably the nicest thing I've read all day! You're a great husband for being so caring, supportive, and understanding. I often feel like my anxiety is a huge burden to the people I love because it prevents me from living fully and happily, and I worry that that's troubling to them. But you seem like a really patient person, which is exactly what a person with anxiety needs in a partner or a friend. You go, dude. 




 Quote aside, the leading on this is awful. 
























 I fucking lost it. I've been giggling at that for the past five minutes. Every time I stop giggling my mind wanders back to that sentence and I start giggling again. 




 Yeah, I think that kind of behavior stems out of insecurity and shame. It's really easy to joke about your flaws to others to make it look like you don't really care 









 That gets me super bummed, too :( 









 My brother once used a hockey stick to behead my favorite barbie -- it looked like [this](https://barbiebeauties.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/img_3456.jpg), except she was tan and had brown hair. Unforgivable. I cried so much. 




 I'M NOT DRAMATIC YOU'RE DRAMATIC

*flicks cape around and plays an organ

But seriously though, I just really like history/ancestry. Whenever I go to a historical site that holds a lot of meaning I feel really connected to it, so I feel like this act of vandalism is more destructive than if, say, someone were to spray paint the walls of a decrepit building. There are people who dedicated their whole lives to preserving that landmark, educating people about it and the history surrounding it, and I think it's a really big shame that someone could so thoughtlessly destroy it like that. I don't blame the tour guide for nearly crying. 




 I mean, literally speaking, yes, that would be the climax 




 BBBBBOOOOOOOOOOooooOOoOOO^oooo000^0000 




 To be fair, eyebrows like that were super popular at the time 




 This hurts my heart. That probably meant so much to so many people, and represented a really rich and strong culture's history. How could one even punish the person who did this? I honestly don't think anything could truly make up for damage that severe to something that important. 




 Goats and lambs are two separate things, I think you're thinking of the word "kid" 




