 I love how they all squish in against each other 3 




 I knew I recognized her! Thank you so much for providing her a good home. I hope she gains some weight soon. 




 I remember this from a sociology prof back in my undergrad years about how these sexist lines in sitcoms (an example at that time was Everybody Loves Raymond) often go rather unnoticed because the female character's retaliation soon follows. Everyone laughs but the stereotype is still there (e.g. women belong in the kitchen / should be docile, etc.) and perpetuated. 

We weren't talking about this seriously and I didn't exactly see that type of gag as a problem, but I thought it was interesting regardless. 




 Asian and stuck in low Silver. I've brought shame on my family. 




 That's such a sultry come hiether look. Beautiful! 




 My god they are so affectionate! They must really trust you. Thanks for being so kind to them. 




 I'll steal a plate just to hear that thundering roar of the Imperial guard 




 I am so so excited. Will she able to ship overseas? I'm in Asia right now.

Of course I understand she's still considering so no need to rush detail. :) 




 Is she a professional quilter? That is amazing! She should open up a store on Etsy or something. 




 I too love SP but arguing that it's acceptable to say fag because SP uses it frequently and "redefined" it in that one episode with Harley riders, sounds so dumb.  




 Holy crap she looks just like Emma Watson. And I don't think that's all because of makeup. I'm really envious... 




 Guess that's where Fantastic Mr. Fox settled! 




 He's also feisty as hell. Middle finger raised high in the Hobbit making film lol 




 Is this some kind of super secret anime series the knowledge of which must be earned, not given? 




 [Her comment photo](http://i.imgur.com/UCw9Lsh.jpg) was way nicer than the one she posted. Sure the difference in the colours of her eyes isn't that obvious, but I can still tell she has one greenish hazel eyes and another with blue. 




 You are a champ. I'm glad you're still with us to share your experience. The strength and positive attitude are really inspirational. The iron prosthetics look cool as hell. If I had RES I'd tag you as 50% iron man. Keep on rockin' it. 




 I was feeling bad for him and then he said a bunch of stuff about how all their comments mean nothing and don't help him at all. Also he told a guy to "go die". Wow. It's hard to support him when he himself made the post and refused to accept any advice. 




 I had to move with my cat overseas and in my case he was put in the part of cargo storage with temperature control. Had to endure 12+hrs including the immigration and security check :( 




 Those ears. Those eyes. They all raise a red flag. And yet I remain motionless and keep on staring! -- Cats' gaze causes paralysis. Confirmed. 




 Oh could that be the reason? It was protected, but they allowed me to copy (albeit only some) so I figured there was no problem. :( 




 Absolutely love him in the series. Even more endearing that the character was based on Lee himself. 




 His totally chill attitude makes me love him even more. Apparently he's incredibly humble and there was great disparity between the Thranduil persona and his actual personality so he was apologetic to fellow actors! :p 




 I think so too. Sometimes their jokes are really low brow and not very funny but they have some good episodes too. They seem to be turning it around esp in recent seasons. 




 "Report my cat for griefing" 




 Poison one of Coke zero cans. I'm pretty much addicted to it so it's bound to kill me one day. 




 Baby it'll blow your mind. 




 I watched Vertical Limit last night. Safe to say I'm doomed. 




 I feel like you also own a trophy for being the most non-competitive! 




 I don't believe you. 




 Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter.

I'm not a big fan of the franchise so I'll leave this up for hardcore fans to decide, but at least the way he looked in the first installment was just what I imagined for Harry Potter. 




 wp! I think the laughter in the end killed him twice. 




 I hope they add another item that includes NLR... :( 




 I hate toxic players/ragers and am in S5 myself, but I think you need to just ignore this type of people from the get go and forget. I have a feeling you're fairly young (correct me if I'm wrong) and his words may seem very personal to you. Trust me, it's not.

Also I think this goes against the subreddit rule "no personal sob stories". Just a heads up for the next time. 




 I think this will be a good compromise. I think Lux can still be pretty powerful with the standard AP runes (magic pen + armour + flat AP glyphs and quints) especially now that Talon can no longer silence ;_; 




 Umm wow... excuse me while I drool. He's gorgeous! 




 Was not aware of the fact that jars were trending. In any case this seems like a wonderful idea for key lime pies! I love them but they always collapse when I'm half way done eating a piece. This is an elegant solution! 




 I have a siamese x turkish angora mix cat. He used to be a sweet kitty with a lot of patience but as he grew older he's become increasingly manipulative. He knows the scheduled meal times but would extort mom into giving treats early by clawing sofa. I don't give in since I don't give a crap about the sofa but mom does so he keeps doing this :s

Another peculiar thing is that he doesn't ever purr except when he gets sleepy and sucks on his arm in the kneading motion. He does this only around me so I should feel blessed, I suppose! 




 Something like "of course you have to wait 5 years. Citizenship should not be given out. You should stop sounding like a brat that finally got she wanted" 




 Damn as a Vancouverite I wish BC could be one of the more badass houses but I don't think we can be Lannisters... 




 Ahaha yeah there were a character limit. Having to type Pr. Edward I. irked me so much as well. 




 Maybe he was a dick to his beaver too :( 




 I think you can pick up a beaver at the local pet shelter. And everyone knows Safeway is obligated by law to provide you with emergency maple syrup :D

Joking aside, congrats! 




 Really hope he can go back to looking like [this](http://i.imgur.com/5uJtgRu.jpg)... 




 You should give him a little sarcophagus too! 




 I can definitely see where Matt   Trey are coming from. FG has such amazing voice actors and gag potential but they made some really crappy episodes especially after the show came back for Season 4. It's frustrating to see that they have that "the bird is the word" kind of thing when they could be way funnier. 




 I'm in an MA program right now but I actually feel so dumb and really insecure about myself. I'm not sure where these people are getting this kind of confidence. 




 I remember there was another SRD with people asking OP for the original source when he changed captions of an ad and he got really defensive. He ended the conversation by saying something along the line of "whatever, I'm going to bed and have sex. Bye, losers". So this is what it boils down to in the end? Apparently no one else on the internet is having sex besides these guys?

I get they want to just end the argument. Sometimes people just can't come to an understanding or compromise at all. But to go out with that "doesn't matter, I'm having sex" remark... He may be in his late twenties but his mindset doesn't seem mature enough to consider marriage. 




 I made these some time ago when I came across a post by an American redditor who created house sigils for US states with [the sigil creator](http://www.jointherealm.com/). I had to make do with default cliparts available on the HBO website so some of them don't resemble the official flags, but I tried :p Enjoy!

[The album](http://imgur.com/a/0FmxN) 




 For someone who lectures against lazyass-ism that user has a lot of free time on his/her hands... 




 I get the feeling his/her parents are probably responsible for this kind of elitist thinking. Most kids I've met that are like this have really condescending parents. They change their mindset the exact moment their kids don't get into the Ivy league. 




 Thanks for posting. The album was gone by the time I got here. I thought the one who gave CC might have been too critical but now that I see the actual photo... wow. I don't think she was harsh in any way. 




 OP sounds like a very sweet girl and I really hope she sees she doesn't deserve this kind of shitty treatment, constantly being compared to girls that her bf used to know in high school.

Also:

He actually does have mental problems: severe suicidal depression and bi-polar disorder. I'm the one who called the ambulance miles away from him when he went missing and was about to commit suicide. That's how we started dating.

I'm clinically depressed myself, but I don't think this is the ideal path to starting a relationship. 




 Reminds me of American gothic! 




 Look at that beautiful coat! Just shows how far love and care go in any creature's well being. Thanks Op for being awesome! 




 I envy that! I'm working abroad right now and it's difficult to explain what Reddit is. People have trouble understanding that Reddit can encompass people of all nationalities, cultures, etc. Most people picture Yahoo / MSN type of website. 




 This is really surprising. I thought the US was undoubtedly the most reddited! I suppose most Icelanders are lurkers? I don't see a lot of posts in their perspective in AskReddit questions and whatnot. 




 Oh man I didn't know that... that's a bummer. But from what I read here he married a very interesting person who lives with enthusiasm and drive so that's really awesome. As I grow older I've compromised my fan girl infatuation so that I'd be happy when the actors I like date someone like JGL married, or actresses I like (e.g. currently Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone.) 




 Although there is ample evidence that Pannucci's has a disgusting cooking environment, it has always made me crave pizza. 




 I had to stare it for a few seconds to see if the ship was printed out. Really well done! Would love to see character paintings too. :) 




 AHH I'm so envious now... You must collect other weapons and boast them all in a long corridor lit with candles! 




 I really love the colours of the Sun one! Where do you plan to hang them? 




 That looks beautiful. I've always wanted to get something like that (for instance Aragorn's Anduril) but I feel like it would seem so out of place in my otherwise very plain room :s 




 That was also the first thing I thought, but then I realized how tiny they would be. Cute, but not very functional as a letter opener haha. 




 Your boss definitely sounds like a great person, but I'm sure you earned that kind of good gesture as well! Even the coolest boss would find it difficult to be that nice if you weren't already a great employee. 




 I love that content look on his face! I can almost hear the purring :3 

It's so good to see a cat that appreciates that kind of effort. My cat would scratch it off his neck :/  




 I should mention that this is not my cat but that of a Korean illustrator Snowcat. See http://snowcat.co.kr/ for more photos! 









 I would really like to have to a heart-to-heart talk with my cat. Want to ask him if he's happy. Ever since I moved to work he's locked up in an apartment with nothing much to look at. (Back home he would look out the window and enjoy scaring unsuspecting birds.)

Also this: why do you wake up in the middle of the night at 3am to yowl when there's fresh water, a bowl full of food, and a clean litter box?? 




 Mom is right for telling you that you're not cut out to be a lawyer. Follow your passion in literature and work hard on THAT instead. 




 Deckard Cain. I was actually really mad at Blizzard for taking him out while keeping that insufferable Leah. Now who's gonna tell me to stay awhile and listen? ;_; 




 When I was four I had to take a rather long walk to attend piano lessons. I still remember climbing down a very precarious, steep stairs and navigating through maze-like streets. 

I didn't particularly enjoy practising, but in retrospect I'm glad I was given the opportunity to learn the instrument. I wish I worked harder on it. 




 I'm enrolled in a master's program and it's costing me a lot of money each term. The least I can do is to get the degree but I have little clue in regards to what my thesis should be about. Since I'm working full time and going to school at night I'm exhausted and feel like I'm not retaining anything. 




 I have thin straight hair that cannot be permed under any circumstance. I really wanted to have luscious curls but every hair stylist said I'd only be wasting money. :( So I've had the same shoulder to waist length straight hair for the past decade. Layered with bangs. 




 I managed to save up a decent amount of money while donating to charity. It will eventually be used to pay off my debt to my parents (tuition-related) but I'm happy I've saved up that much so far. 




 I'm so happy for you! I remember that feeling. University years were undoubtedly the best time of my life. Hope you have a good one! 




 Complacency. My current job is pretty okay but it's not something I want to do for the rest of my life. But since it pays me relatively well and is stable, I'm afraid I'll just settle for this. I'm also working abroad when I'd much rather be home so there's that. 




 I feel like I saw him/her in /r/catbellies. I distinctly remember the Garfield-like quality! 




 White. Socks. Irresistible. 




 S/he is gorgeous! Those green eyes are just captivating. 




 I love it when they do that with their paw. It's like saying "five more minutes", except they can sleep as long as they want ;_;  




 She'll look beautiful with a little sailor costume! 




 I'm also annoyed by my cat knocking over stuff [but turns out they do it for a reason...](http://wanna-joke.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/funny-picture-comics-cat-bitch.jpg) 




 "You don't need to know anything else other than to adore and serve me."

Which is probably correct. XD 




 It's not fair... she's so pretty. Like haute couture beautiful. Karl Lagerfeld's Shupette has nothing on Luna! 




 Photos like this make me so envious of dog people. I can just feel the love 3 




 I doubt this will be much of consolation, but it seems s/he lived a wonderful life and had a great family since she got to be 22 years old. Sending you internet hugs. 




 Ok. 




 It's extremely frustrating when my original comment was my attempt to explain why people may take offense at OP's choice of the title. I didn't bash him. I know it was only a joke and I said it so in my first comment.

You said you don't care, and yet you continue to reply to my comment in length. What is it that you want to accomplish? I've already explained where my understanding of the two terms came from. I grew up in Vancouver, Canada with both straight and gay friends, and learned that the term homo usually bore negative connotations. It is only natural for me to assume that the word also bears the same sentiment on the web.

Frankly I'm tired of trying to argue with a stranger on the web. You are twisting my words and taking in only what you want. I will no longer respond. Enjoy holidays. 




 I didn't decide which term is okay to say. It's something I learned from my gay friends, academic/casual debates, media, etc. Perhaps people around you have different opinion. If you think homo has no negative connotation, by all means, use it. 




 If you have time to spare.

http://mobile.nytimes.com/2014/03/23/fashion/gays-lesbians-the-term-homosexual.html?referrer= _r=0 




 I'm upset because you accuse me of being uncomfortable with something I actually support. I'm not sure you keep getting the idea that I view homosexuality in a negative way. But it looks like you're adamant in that opinion so I'll stop trying to convince you. 




 Haha ok. No I don't think it's a bad thing and in fact I support gay marriage. Have you ever encountered gays that refer to themselves as homos? Have you even read my comment? My qualms here was the use of the term homo (NOT homosexual) and the fact that it is widely recognized to be pejorative. The expression "no homo" is often used among people who disapprove of homosexuality. If OP said something like "I'm not gay but" people here wouldn't post negative comments.  




 I'm so sorry you lost her. Holidays must be especially tough. Sending you a lot of hugs.  




 " *sigh* I've been givin' these out for 647 years...' 




 I think you should update your original comment with this info before the shitstorm hits. It definitely made me better understand why you'd be concerned.

Edit: nevermind, the storm is already here. 




 Wow thanks for the info! I usually use the app for purchases and it's a bit annoying to think I may have overpaid considerably because the app failed to reflect the correct prices... TIL. I should go back to using the website! 




 Could someone explain the reference? 




 Content arbitrary trusting and brave? I shall conquer you in bed behind your wife's back and manipulate you to tend to my every whim... muhahahaha 




 While I can clearly tell OP only said it as a joke, it is my understanding that the term homo is strictly pejorative. I see men commenting on /r/ladyboners but they never say "no homo". Instead they'd say something like "I'm straight but so and so is hot".

EDIT: Apparently my view is not widely accepted. Downvote me to oblivion. 




 Man talk about mixes messages. Must resist walking into a fluffy but lethal trap....♥ 




 "Paying attention to something other than me? Impossible!"

Also I tried to guess what game you are playing but I can only see so little! 




 My god. Those dire wolf figurines... If I were your coworker I would be staring at them whenever I pass your desk. Those are awesome. 




 "I may be against the fur industry, but that won't stop me from skinning you alive! As long as no one wears the skin." 




