  it took a lot of guys for her to say that

This is quite the typo, given the context :D 




 I don't find it unbelievable that he's enlightened or completely accepting of his friend, and I'm glad that he is. What I find hard to believe is what you claim he actually said. As if his enlightenment is such that he wouldn't understand that the 'problem' his friend wanted to discuss was that he was coming out. It sounds like something from some cheesy teenage drama. 




 [Source](http://www.xvideos.com/video1517509/alexis_texas_analm28) 









 Look, I'm really glad that your son doesn't see homosexuality as an issue, I genuinely am. But please, don't try and feed us the absolute absurdity that he's *so* enlightened and blase about it, that when his friend came out to him, he didn't even register that it was the 'problem' his friend wanted to talk about. Next time, maybe try something like:

My son's response was "Ok. Is this what you meant when you said you had a problem you wanted to talk about? Don't worry mate, we're best friends, I don't care about stuff like that."

Much more believable, and less likely to get people linking you to /r/thatHappened  




 I recommend Jedi 




 Issit? Thanks :) 




 The one in the middle is gorgeous, does anyone know who she is? 




 Perfect, thank you :) 


































 Can anyone make this bigger? 



















 Just goes to show how different people can be. I personally love it when you can see a bit of VPL, while g-strings do absolutely nothing for me whatsoever. 




 Jesus fucking christ, she's 15?? Right that's it in only posting pictures of pensioners now just to be on the safe side! Thanks mate 



















 I would motorboat those until my dying days, if only I was given the chance. 














 Ah shit, thanks for the heads up 




 Ah, ok! Perfect :) 




 Quite often I end up saving the picture to my desktop then uploading to imgur, would that still work? I would imagine it wouldn't because the actual link name would change. 




 What a body.
 









 Just goes to show how different people's tastes are - number 1 is definitely my favourite! 









 Ah cheers, I didn't realise there were programs designed to help the prevention of re-posting, I'll be getting my hands on them :) 



















 This woman apparently used to be a London escort, but her name escapes me unfortunately :( 




 WOW!!! One of the most beautiful women I've ever seen posted on this sub. Bit of a long shot, seeing as it looks like a random selfie, but does anyone have an ID for her?  




 girl in pink has incredible thighs 




 Her ass is huge! I love it :-D 


































 Never have I been so glad to live in London :P 




 Amazing tits as well. 




 How more black could this dress be?

And the answer is, none.......none more black. 




 Get thee to /r/bentatthewaist, for they will derive much enjoyment from this picture!

I love this one, thanks OP! 



















 Dayum-i Padron I think would be a more appropriate moniker! 









 She looks like one of those inflatable sex dolls in that last picture. 




 Love that ass! 




 Haha I put it there hours ago :-D 




 Fuckin...NICE! 




 Great figure! 




 I love fabric like that, where you can really feel the body underneath the dress, is that silk? 




 This may be a picture for the heels, but I cannot stop staring at that arse. 




 Sorry, I made that sound as if anyone who likes it is 'wrong', which wasn't my intention. What I mean is that I'm convinced that there are lots of people who'll go along with anything that sounds remotely profound such as some of the quotes that go with these pictures, just because they think they should, or because it makes them look really deep, not because they actually believe it or understand it. 






















































 [This is the complete picture](http://i.imgur.com/Y8JbgFv.jpg) 

:) 




 I'm with you, I really don't get the love for this kind of thing. Personally, I think there's an air of The Emperor's New Clothes about it all. No one wants to be the person to stand up and say 'Actually, I think this is ridiculous', for fear of the reaction they'd get. 




 It could just be the old cynic in me, but please tell me I'm not the only one who enjoys these pictures from a photographic viewpoint, but finds the quotes that follow just absolute pretentious nonsense. Is this what these people are actually meant to have said at the time? Or were they allowed to go away and think about something and send it in? I only ask because I have never met anyone who speaks even remotely like almost all of these people, and reading them makes me grateful that that's the case!

EDIT: Changed wording 




 I think you could be right! :) Even if you aren't, that woman's fucking gorgeous as well :D 




 I love how the dark lines compartmentalise her body parts perfectly :) 




 Yes I do post a lot and I'll continue to do so. All I'm doing is trying to contribute fresh content to the subs that I'm part of, I don't see how it matters who the posts are made by. But as I said, I will take more time in describing the pictures accurately, I can understand the frustrations it causes. 




 Perfect fit :) 




 Fuck she's beautiful, who is she? 




 Yeah they've gone a bit OTT with it, especially in the face :/ 




 Yeah this is Jasmine James, apparently. I didn't know but someone IDed for her me :) 




 Brilliant picture!  




 She's done a couple of videos with Leeanne Crow on ddf. She is so fucking sexy 




 Thanks :-) 




 Holy shit thanks for the ID and album link she's incredible!  




 Thank you good sir, you've just cleared up a massive amount of confusion for me and my friends! We were on our way to Kensington, and the District line was packed with people in costumes and we couldn't for the life of us figure out why! 




















































































 As do I! My pins would look dynamite in it! 




 I really wish you could edit titles here :( 




 Thank you for the consultation, kind internet stranger. While you're here, do you think you could have a look at my balls? I seem to have developed a rather nasty rash. I've sent you a picture as a PM. I await your diagnosis with a hopeful heart! 




 Agreed. I was too hasty in posting and only glanced at them. But thank you for not being a dick when correcting me, that happens very rarely on here. 




 Love that skirt - very sexy. 




 Wow! Thank you for that :) 




 I did not receive the luxury of such an education, raised as I was by wolves in a forest untouched by human hands and unseen by human eyes. 









 There's a picture from the same set on another sub, and her face looks awful in that one as well. She's got such a beautiful face, naturally, she doesn't need layers of make up! :( 









 Yeah she's very much like Denise Milani in that respect. 






















































 I absolutely love how dresses like this make women's arses look so fucking big and juicy! I want a bite! :D 




 Is there a video of this?  




 I gladly volunteer to test this theory out! 




 I love that she's doing more and more hardcore stuff now. 




 I'm getting a forbidden access screen. 









 As soon as I saw my mistake I was thinking 'Shiiiiiiiiiiit people are going to think she posts here now!!'.

My apologies :( 
































































 This picture seems to get posted in a constant cycle between here, /r/legs, and /r/highheels :)

This is not a complaint - it's a great picture :) 




 I wish I knew, she's absolutely stunning! 




 Hmmm, not sure why. Just checked it myself and it's working for me. 




 I mean /r/WendyFiore, sorry! 




 I mean /r/WendyFiore, sorry! 




 I mean /r/WendyFiore, sorry! 




 I mean /r/WendyFiore, sorry! 




 I mean /r/WendyFiore, sorry! 




 Does this count as a sweater? If not, please remove mods, but dammit I had to let people see this gif. 







































 Apologies for the dreadful picture quality :( 



















 I can't stop imagining her slowly unzipping that dress, unleashing the cannons that lay beneath! Mercy! 




 Thanks for the ID :) 




 Georgia Salpa I think 




 Source unknown sorry. Random pic! 




 /r/seethru would probably enjoy this, if you haven't posted it there already.  




 Insta-boner 




 I can't believe a film called Mr Grumpypants has a line like that in it! Disney are getting pretty heavy these days. 




 HEID! PANTS! NOW! 





























 This is a great picture of her rack, but I can't believe what her make up artist has done to her naturally pretty face!
 



















