 Botched Castration! 




 Happy Birthday,mate! Have a good one! 




 Pfffft. Get your crazy talk outta here. I'll have you know,I enjoy my boar-chicken. 




  British English is a non-rhotic dialect, it's difficult to pronounce r's in the way that Americans do (pronouncing them in every context). You guys kind of curl your tongues back when you pronounce an 'r', whereas there are few (probably none) actual r's at the end of words in British English.   




 beaRs Grilled 




 +1 for Siege weapons, that shit would be awesome. 




 Well, that hasn't happened in a long time. 




 :( 




 Hey,guys. I've recently been looking into WildStar and am getting pretty excited about the prospect of playing it, but I was wondering if there were any plans on adding a cash-shop into the game? I've heard that ESO is doing one and I'm beginning to get worried that this might be the trend of the other MMORPG's coming out.

So, is there a cash-shop planned? 




 Wait? They revealed more weapons? When? Do you have any pics?

Cool ideas,btw. 




 I kind of liked the Happening; 13 year-old me enjoyed that tiger scene with the amputated arm. I don't really remember the story,though. 




 Yeah, neither community is overly good or bad; there's just as much shit on Reddit as there is on 4Chan. 




 Damn, now I feel betrayed. 

Fuck you, OP. :( 




 *Brave* 




 Beautiful. Gotta love their overconfidence at the start. That dude speaking  was probably rocking a rager at the thought of raiding your base, he certainly sounded like it,hahaha/ 




 More what? What more do you need? I'm not being sarcastic, I literally have no clue. I'm not a 'nice guy' --I can't even talk to people my age, regardless of their sex-- so when someone says tells me that I have to be more than 'just nice' to gain friends/a girlfriend, I'm pretty confused. 

I mean, all someone would have to do to improve their relationship with me would be to be nice to me, but I'm supposed to have something extra to garner their attention?  




 The day I tested out my improvised electrical cord noose. Good thing I pussied out, now my parents will never know! 




 I thought it was from My Little Pony: Jack Cleans the Stable. 




 4th top comment prediction: Probably some kind of pun/Reddit in-joke about broken arms or a safe or a banana. 




 I'd love to see more resources gained from hunting-- bone for bone armour/picks,intestines for bow strings, other offal for fertiliser if/when farming is implemented.  




 Sweet. Well, I've added you. You should get a request from Chezzprinn (dimitricatnikov). I won't be able to play just yet but I'll be on around Thursday.
 




 My group on Rust could use some more people, if you're interested. There's about three of us on a good day and we've got a ts server we frequent, so we're always looking for new people. Only thing is that I'm unable to play until this Thursday, so there's only really one of us playing atm but, if you like, I can add you on Steam anyway. 




 Good luck, big fella! Make us proud! 




 Fuck's sake,I was thinking of getting this game. Guess I'm not anymore at that price... 




 Great Googly Moogly. I almost piddled myself when I had to push hard to clip in my processor. 




 Rust is incredibly fun when things are going your way, yet can be pretty frustrating sometimes. I personally haven't had any interactions with hackers but apparently they've been fairly prevalent on larger servers.

All in all,though, it has a lot of potential and can lead to a great variety of interactions. 




 Why would they DDoS steam? It doesn't make sense. 




 Phew, knew it wasn't just me. Thanks,mate! 




 Hey,guys. 

Long-time lurker here who's recently begun to kick himself back into worldbuilding to supplement my desire to continue on with my novel.


I was wondering about the number of unique states I have in my world and whether there's too few of them for a world roughly the same size as the Earth;I have six autonomous states at the moment, with the world being respectively divided between them. Two are oligarchies run by pseudo-merchants/wealthy families, one is a transhumanist theocracy,one is an absolute monarchy,one is an autocracy determined by a cultural hegemony and one is a partial democracy.

At the moment, my worldmap looks pretty bland in terms of state diversity and amount. Each state holds enormous swathes of land and the more I look at it, the more I'm thinking that maybe I should invest in creating a few smaller states to bring about a more realistic geo-political environment.

What do you guys think?       




 I feel you,mate.

I spent my NYE and my NYD in bed. Hopefully the rest of 2014 doesn't follow through in the same way. :/ 




 What about a R9 280x and a i5 2500K? Will that be enough? 




 So DayZ is a FFA Arma deathmatch with the occasional zombie thrown in? 




 Me,too! We could form our very own wolfpack! 




 Got myself a nice,fancy weapon-flashlight mod if you guys are interested. I could do with some more 5.56mm rounds and/or an I.V transfusion. 




 You have the all clear. Hackers are cunts. 




 Anyone know how to use the Saline I.V bags? I've tried putting the bag in my hand and dragging the I.V starter kit onto it but nothing happens. Is it glitched or something? 




 As Penguin said, for planning my day. I've bought it now, and stuck it on the fridge. Hopefully it'll remind to do shit,haha. 




 I got one! I wrote out my thoughts and feelings on 2Chainz's description of a 'big booty ho' in the hit single  'Bubble Butt'. 




 Yesterday, I told myself that I probably don't want to die just yet and suspended any suicide plans for the time being.

Today, I made a list of shit I should do for the day and plan on expanding it gradually as each new day comes.

Wish me luck, /r/depression, and also luck to those who haven't made their lists yet and will hopefully someday find a reason for staying.

[Link to my incredibly long list](http://imgur.com/S6oauK7) 




 I would've thought temperance would be a prerequisite for a police officer. I mean, you're going to cop shit like that all the time whilst on duty--there's no place for violent outbursts in a profession where the likelihood of receiving some kind of abuse is pretty much guaranteed and known beforehand.

If you're a cop and you respond violently to being spit on, you probably should've chosen a different job. 




 As a dairybased-kin, I take offence to your blatant disregard of the sexual agency of cream in that it should be allowed to choose whether it is licked or not. Check your lactose privilege. 




 Yeah, I'm not adverse to them putting in sound, just as long as that sound makes sense in the setting, ( like no StarWars-esque 'pew-pews'. It'd be awesome if they put in an atmosphere system, it's almost a must for the game. 




 I can dislocate and relocate my hip. 
That's about it,really. 




 Drilling is the only one sound in the game so far,everything else is silent because space. I don't know much about the bug,sorry,but I have heard that it's pretty common  throughout the community. 




 Inbreads 




 "YEAH THANKS,GUYS. YEAH. YEAH. COOL. YEAH, I GOTTA GO NOW, YEAH, SEE YOU GUYS LATER. HAHAHA. YEAH. BYE." 




 Shh,shhh now. Just let it happen. 




 Commenting to read your reaction to his reaction later. 




 Jesus H. Particular Christ.

I can almost taste the congealed hypocrisy dripping off of her sweaty upper lip. 




 It is! 

Just gotta keep in mind that it is in pretty early Alpha (so no guns or multiplayer yet) but the devs have been releasing updates almost weekly, so I have full faith in their ability to continue developing it! 




