 Hey all! I live in the Richmond area and I'm itching for a road trip, so I was thinking that this weekend I would just get on 81 and head down that way - Roanoke/Blacksburg/Radford. I went to Radford once years ago but really don't remember much about it. So basically, I know nothing about the area.

I'm a photographer and will be mainly using this trip to just get away and take photos of something new. I will probably be heading down Saturday morning, staying overnight and heading back Sunday night (it's a 3 hour drive).

I figured the best thing to do would be just list the things I like and see if you all have any ideas for places to go. I appreciate it!!

- rural scenes / scenic roads

- Americana, including kitschy tourist stuff, old motels, etc.

- abandoned places (saw the urban exploration thread posted on here within the last day or so, I'll check that out)

- street photography - are there any areas that would have a lot of people around on a weekend? Shopping areas other than a mall?

- I was flipping through the sub and saw someone mention a "growing hipster population" in Roanoke - is that a certain area of town?

- thrift and antique stores

- nature stuff including mountains/river are nice too but seeing as how I will only be there about two days, I don't want to be spending a lot of time hiking somewhere and back.

Thank you!!


 




 I agree with you but it's not taking a dig at everyone in that situation. Given my lack of giveashit about relationships these days, I may actually end up that way too. But this particular guy, according to my friend, is NOT content living his life alone and is NOT happy about not having children yet. That's why I made that comment. It was just funny to me that he was lamenting recently about being bad with women and then he makes those weird comments to me.  




 Nope, native English speaker... 




 No and according to my friend it's a sore subject with him that he doesn't.  




 He hasn't made a decision to be unmarried. By his own admission he is not good with women and that's why he is single. My friend even told me today that this guy has some chip on his shoulder about not having kids yet.  




 Figured you all would get a kick out of this.

There's a guy on Facebook I am friends with. I don't know him that well but we have a mutual friend who has known him for years. He is in his early 40s and never been married, and recently told me he "isn't good with women..." well, after yesterday, I learned he is 100% correct about that.

Yesterday I posted a link to some article on Facebook about famous women's response when people ask why they don't have children. I commented that Margaret Cho's comment "I ovulate sand" made me laugh out loud.

This dude sends me a PM. "Do you really ovulate sand?"

Me: No...

Him: Oh. I'm confused then for what your excuse is.

Me: Excuse for what?

Him: Preferred excuse for no babies?

Me: You're right. That's my purpose in life. I keep forgetting.

Him: Ok. I'll let your family remind you in the future.

Me: I didn't post that as an invitation for people to tell me what to do with my uteus.

Him: Alright. Sorry. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.

Um... WHAT? To me personally it's actually worse when MEN give me shit about this. Women I just write it off as ignorance, some of them desperately want babies and assume the rest of us do. Men, I take it a little more offensively. I mean, who the F*** are you? And why do you care about what I do with my freaking uterus? It isn't 1950 anymore, I don't need some man telling me what to do with my life. Good god I was LIVID.

I would NEVER send some parent, or wannabe parent, a message that says something like "What's your excuse for having children? After all, they are useless and the world is overpopulated" - even though that's how I feel about them. Because it's not my place and none of my damn business what they do with their own lives, and I'm not arrogant enough to think that my opinion matters.

The kicker came later when I asked our mutual friend what the HELL this guy's issue was. She informs me that, based on what she knows about him (which is far more than what I know), she is pretty positive he was trying to flirt with me.

Oh god. Well, major FAIL on his part. No wonder he is "bad with women" and is still unmarried in his early 40s. Jesus. What a clueless d**k. What's my EXCUSE? Like I need an excuse to not have babies. AGHH!

 




 That's like saying that I don't know how my Honda is limiting me, and I should go rent a Porsche. 



 




 Buying meat off Craiglist has about the same appeal to me as buying meat off the back of somebody's pickup truck. Just seems sketchy... 




 I hate to be snarky, but... when you can answer this question for yourself and you know exactly why your crop sensor is limiting you -  then worry about upgrades. 




 I read it as THEIR car hit the truck. I had the same question and read the article a few times trying to figure it out. but the way they phrased it sounds like their car is the one that left its lane.  




 I'm telling you how things generally are in the photography business and you clearly just want to argue about it. How about, the sky is blue? You want to argue about that or just accept how things are?

I don't know about you but it's a beautiful day here so I'm actually going to go out and use my camera, not sit on reddit arguing about business models I don't agree with.  




 Missing the point here. You're talking about OP specifically, I'm talking about why photographers IN GENERAL do not do release their RAW files and allow others to post-process them.   




 Because as someone else mentioned, you work 8-10 hours shooting a wedding, hand someone the RAW files, they HDR or over saturate the hell out of them and then they're out there with YOUR name on them.

Post -processing is part of the package/art for most of these photographers. It was the same for film, they printed them for you bc they as an artist had a certain look or feel. That's what you're paying for. 

If you just want RAW files to edit yourself, get someone to do it for free. Plenty of people out there who will do that, you just get what you pay for.  




 Gotta have Netflix binge in the background while I'm working. 

Sometimes I use the coffee table as my desk and sit on the floor.  




 That car... holy sh*t.

I didn't agree with their tactics, but good lord that car is a mangled mess. Yikes. Wonder if the driver fell asleep or what.  




 I don't know any self-respecting professional who would allow this.  




 Good luck. I just posted something the other day about these "someday" guys.

http://www.reddit.com/r/childfree/comments/2z562c/online_dating_rant_someday/

I'm almost ten years older than you and you would think men would be more certain one way or the other. Nope, not really. Plus a lot of people in my preferred range (early 30s to early 40s) have already bred.  




 Well, there's a big difference between the look of film, and the look of badly exposed film, expired film, light leaks, etc. That whole thing I don't understand at all. 




 What is so awful about VSCO? It's meant to mimic film stocks... you know, that stuff people shot with before digital. :) 




 Wow people. Mine is:

Macbook Pro, on the couch, in front of the TV. 




 I pretty much ignore people who use those kinds of hashtags. #stfu 




 Yeah, no - not for a date!

Not to mention that a lot of people don't eat that much to make the price worth it. I know I don't. 




 I shoot what I want, when I want. I don't care if other people like it. I guess I care to SOME extent because I share my stuff online, but I guess the point is, I shoot for myself. It's why, EVERY time I've done someone a favor by shooting an event, I come to the conclusion that I would never do this professionally. I don't want to shoot weddings or engagements or photos of a kid's birthday party. 

Other than that, I shoot in a documentary style. I don't like posing/staging. My processing style over time has become a lot more minimalist. I like recording every day life. I think - or, would LIKE to think - that I make something beautiful out of the mundane, or even the ugly.  




 I thought my allergies were bad when I lived in Hampton Roads - then I moved here and they got even worse. I've already started taking allergy medication - trying to get a head start.  




 Bummer. I so cherish the one-two weeks of warmer weather before my allergies start preventing me from enjoying it. 

 




 I feel like when I'm looking at a scene and then I put my camera up to my eye with the 27 on my camera, the scene is the same as it looked with my eye. With the 35 it's a tad more narrow and with the 23/x100 it's a tad wider. 

I find that very appealing for a prime. I know you get used to any focal length eventually - but it's still a novelty for me right now and kinda cool.  




 Knowing where you live would be helpful. I'm guessing you aren't in the US? 




 I've been meaning to have a "challenge" day where I stick my 18-55 zoom on 18 all day and shoot it like a prime. I find 18mm challenging (I have the XT-1 as well). I know it's not super wide, but for me it kinda is.

I didn't realize my iPhone 6 was 28mm. For some reason I thought all the iPhones were a 35mm (FF terms). 




 Fuji XT-1 + 27mm 2.8.

I had the original X100 and this setup is just ever so slightly bigger - still fits in the same case. 




