 'Marie, she was just some random chick!'
'THAT MAKES IT EVEN WORSE YOU PEDOPHILE' 




 AT-AT? 




 Kim Possible is still hot. And damn, boners at 8 is impressive 




 *Woods 




 My parents told me a story of when my aunt was changing my diaper I  "power-blasted" pee straight into her left eye, Kamehamaha style. She got an infection and had to stay overnight in hospital.  




 egg or chicken? 




 European here, We have much less extreme weather conditions than America and yet our houses our well built, tock solid and insulated. Not painted wood shacks 




 Denmark's wants me to put a fork in it 




 9/11/2001 never forget nyes 




 As a non-American, I find the americam "government" is really, *really* fucked up 




 It's not beautiful 




 /r/goatsimulator 




 l0l 




 Well, if you're gonna kill yourself might as well do it with a bang 









 4 months on and we're still listing misspellings. Nice work Aarons 




 by Edvard Mulch 




 Hai! Listhen! 




 Is the man in the green frame and carrot picture the same guy as on Channel 4's show The Island? 









 Sir you are a genius 




 porn. porn goddamit. 




 I did and now *he* genuinely looks like he's about to jerk off 




 thankful its a girl dog 




 sweet :) She's an ass by the way. damn. 




 haha I love it 









 Get your money oot your hole fat man 




 Getting up at 6 to milk the almonds 




 crap yes I did!  




 that too 




 'I have *no* idea what I'm doing' 




 Getting up at 6 to milk the almonds 




 Looks like coconut milk 




 No no no wrong format. Meme destroyed.  




 librarian humor. Drier than the pages themselves. 




 Should of differentiated between your niece and sister in the title 




 Really not worth any 'high' you presumedly get from it 




 If I could actually see the versions that'd be great 




 looks very unsafe 




 any time before 2 AM counts as an early night for me. Any time after is average 




 FIXED: How to Re-post 




 Why? 




 I'm thinking a Brown Recluse, theyre pretty nasty. but as with all spiders, theyre defensive, NOT aggressive 




 Theyre all ob mainstream channels really! All four feature on Irish terrestrial channels. There's a cable channel called Sky Atlantic which features much more obscure American TV, like Blue Bloods and Boardwalk Empire 




 The Sims 3, except the expansions aren't exactly micro transactions. You have to buy the other half of the game pretty much, on top of the €50 for the game itself 




 The Sandbox 




 source? 




 insane. looks like a playset! 




 Losing your virginity isn't all it's cracked up to be 




 In any relationship, be it a guy and a girl, or two guys or two girls; There's always one person that cares a hell of a lot more than the other 




 "There's no art to telling the mind's construction in the face" 




 Minions from the 'Despicable Me' movies 




 Boobs are boobs, I'm not attracted to them, but, boobs 




 my Leaving Certificate exams which determine whether or not you go to college in Ireland. cut-throat 




 My psychotherapist and I discovered throughtout my entire childhood I was trying to escape into fantasy worlds through pictures, stories, drawing and video games. So for an hour a day I became a kid again and escaped to all the characters and all the fantasy worlds I created as a kid 




 Chess 




 Cliff diving 




 Cats. 




 Modern Family, Breaking Bad, The Walking Dead and The Good Wife are really big this side of the Atlantic 




 It's got to the stage where an idea has to be really original for it to become a success, Almost everything's been done! 




 Will and Jaden heading home. 




 r/ImGoingToHellForThis 




 An ancient meme, Times New with a black border, truly vintage 




 Bit of an anticlimax but I enjoyed it none the less! 




 Im loving this series so far but I hope they dont just revert back to the Tekkit series. Im really enjoying the many mods and space exploration 




 Where was this photo taken OP? 




 This is going places, I cannot wait to see the replies 




 Not entirely sure of the species, but it's definitely not a jumping spider, They're much more squishy/cute 




 It's disappointing that humans would kill this animal, presuming it's endangered due to hunting. Otherwise, it's a shame we haven't help rise the numbers of such a beautiful creature 




 great pic OP! :) 




 It's a cancer that needs to be eradicated for our world to move forward 




 its like a mini Hindenburg 









 This was the first one in a while that got me. Where in their scriptures does it command them to kill those who do not conform!? Religion has killed more than it has "saved" 




 Your username is a prime piece of reddit real-estate. I am proud to share nationality with you 









 *The leitrim redditors stare confused at OP's post, unsure as to what these contraptions are* 









 It's all a bit mad Ted 









 That site almost gave my phone a virus :/ 




 Sir, I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave 




 It's like an earth pimple 




 Its funny lol 




 The girl behind keeps randomly patting her ass it makes me wondwr whether they knew each other or not 




 Brake Check. Every. Single. Block. 




 Just In: Andrew Halabourda can go to hell 




 I would cry OP 




 'Unable to hold down a starting spot at Barnsley' Well there's the answer about doubting his quality 









 See that ludicrous disply last night? 




 That's only for white girls, I'm guessing watermelon and rice would have the same effects for other races? 




 All you have to do is show your boobs to hit front page, it always amazes me 




 Wow 




 I thought they were like guys they just had one hole at the end. Apparently not. 




 Don't forget the feather goats 




 Stephen Fry looks very like James May from Top Gear 




 There must be people out there who earn their living through betting 




 To be fair I'm 18 and only learned yesterday that girls don't pee out their vag  




 I really enjoyed Avatar 3D. It was a really imerrsive experience 




 Growing, caring for and maintaining Bonsai trees 




 Watching Curling, I'm addicted 




