 she's a werewolf but she is also A revenant(is a visible ghost or animated corpse that was believed to return from the grave to terrorize the living.)Though later legend and folklore depicts revenants as returning for a specific purpose (e.g., revenge against the deceased's killer) 









 Ok 




 Thanks! 



















 Thanks 




 Ok I see it now, should be an easy fix 









 That's rude,good or not I still put time into it and I am still striving to improve. Art is like driving, some go faster than others. So thank you for the motivation to improve your the reason my arts just going to get better. 




 Thanks:) 




 Befor fixes :http://i.imgur.com/GZEuwik.jpg
Original the drawing is based off of:http://i.imgur.com/7IXCFpI.png 









 In the picture her head was kind of turned so wouldn't it not be so straight? 




 Fixed some things 
http://i.imgur.com/Mqg1r7w.jpg 




 What do you mean by bird feet 




 http://i.imgur.com/GZEuwik.jpg made some more progress I see what you mean with the eyes. 




 http://i.imgur.com/7IXCFpI.png 




 http://i.imgur.com/GZEuwik.jpg made some more progress  




 My art teacher says "drawing is like driving,  some go faster than others." I'm a fast drawer myself I started this yesterday most likely going to be done today.
http://i.imgur.com/GZEuwik.jpg 




 Was it just a quick sketch?  




 On the nose maybe make the front not so sharp. Other than that it look fantastic keep up the good work and carry on my wayward son.
 




 Good work. 



















 Life of pi? 




 What is one thing you regret doing in your life? 




 What is your biggest influence and or motivation in anything you do? 



















 What were your childhood hobbies? 




 Pm me 



















 I just want someone I can talk to. :/ 




 I'm sorry I spelt that wrong and that I can't be a perfect person with no mistakes like you :) 









 100% cuteness  




 I guess  




 I don't want to put that stress on them though. 




 I'm just getting bad again I don't want to tell my family cause I feel like a burden for how many times Iv had a relapse of sadness and I just don't want them to know I'd rather have them think I'm ok.i don't feel suicidal at all, I feel so alone I feel like iv got no one the only people I really talk to is my family. 
























 Those were werewolves. 









 Thanks! 
























 No problem  




 You know what else is rude ...reality  









 Touché I'm still learning and your advice really opened my eyes. 




 But I do get what your saying 




 The picture next to it was just there from when I was working on it, no intentions of side by side. 














 If you look close there is a piece of wood in his hand and if you look at the far right there is a fire so could be someone op knows. 




 You never know. 




 What if a demon and angel had a child would it be good or evil what would it be called by hunters ? 




 Well it's supernatural not that far fetched if dean became an angel  




