 I FEEL PRETTY!!! THIS IS MY CHOICE!  




 Thank you!       
What type of EDS do you have that was tested for via skin biopsy?  




 Haha. I actually look older than I am, my skin is not aging well. But yeah I do have other skin stuff, stretch marks, a couple cigarette paper scars, very visible veins, vericose veins, and I am also pretty pale. My mother is Hispanic and Filipino but I look totally white unlike my sister who looks like our mom. Yet I have the dark hair as well as a big nose so everyone thinks I'm Jewish. Haha... Aaaaaaanyway... 




 I'm sorry it's like that for you. :( You really shouldn't have to go through any of that. But at least you know that you are strong enough to do it, not to mention keep working!      
I am glad that my feelings can resonate with yours though. It's good to know there are people out there that *really* understand.  




 Hahaha. That's probably an auto correct, I'm on mobile.     
And thanks. I hate people like that.    
I was diagnosed with CRPS when I was younger. I am just realizing that I was misdiagnosed. Need to take that part off.  




 Thanks! I have actually been doing pretty much all these things. I always have to bring my mom with me or I will get turned down immediately.      
The only thing I haven't done is dress nice. I don't really have a lot of clothes and even when I pull something normal together it's like everyone still knows! Haha. Even before the dyed hair and piercings. And some of my piercings are difficult to take out or obvious that they are still pierced anyway.  




 :/ good luck lady.        
And holy shit, I had no idea ovarian torsion was a thing. 




 That could be fun.  




 Thank you, I will definitely make that phone call. And yeah. I even made a flow chart woth symptoms and all that stuff. Ha. What sucks is that my symptoms are a bit weird. I am incredibly hypermobile but my skin isn't stretchy. And other things like that.  




 I'm in the US. What sucks is that I have even been seeing university doctors and such. I have good enough insurance to get decent health care which I  am thankful for. But I guess being young and dressing weird makes it pointless.  




 Thanks. You seem too wise for your years.     
I don't think I am faking all the time or anything. There are just frequent glimpses of doubt in the back of my mind. It's frustrating that so many doctors really are just satan. I am fairly articulate, and I can't remember the last appointment I had where I didn't cry. Only a couple doctors have believed me. 




 Exactly.  




 I am seriously in the exact same position as you. I have the diagnoses of TMJ, arthritis, fibromyalga, hyperothyroid, hypermobility, and blah blah. But trying to get them to give a shit about the EDS, dysautonomia, and POTS is a pain in the ass. Not to mention the possibility of mast cell and to check for chiari.       
 




 It has seriously saved my asshole from some major trauma. Haha.  




 I suppose we are so used to sucking it up that we can't help but pretend the pain isn't as bad as it is.  




 Um. You should. Include a photo of yourself with your meds, a smile, and your middle finger.  




 That is so hard. I'm sorry you are going through that. It is so incredibly not okay. I wish we had more resources.      
If there were anything I could do I absolutely would. You will be in my thoughts though.  




 That is so incredibly awful. I hope you have found people who understand and actually have respect for your well being.  




 Yeah. After turning down so many opportunities to go do something I start feeling like a jerk. Like I am choosing it and I forget the real reason. Then I try and go do normal people stuff and I spend the next week recovering. It definitely reminds me how real it is. 




 Seriously. It's like sometimes I wonder if my idea of pain is wrong or something. Almost my entire body hurts. But maybe I'm wrong? Then I remember that my stomach doesn't hurt, but I know what it is like when it does. So there's no way I am wrong about all my muscles. It's confusing, especially on top of the brain fog. 




 That's awful. I'm assuming he didn't mean any harm by asking. But we know what its like. Some days we can accomplish something. But a lot of the time we can't. It's also different when it lasts so long, we aren't always improving so maybe we could do something but it may make us feel worse later.       
 




 That is seriously the worst. It sucks that you're going through that. I honestly feel like doctors are the worst part of my life right now.  




 Thank you, that's actually helpful.  




 Yeah I tried that. Haha. 




 Yeah I like to craft shit. Haha. 




 Yeah I am on doctor #7 of this year I think. 




 Haha. He ate it amazingly fast too. I just barely got the picture and it was gone. 




 Yeah its mainly the doctors that are the problem. I need to start writing reviews.  




 It won't need to be that small. I am fairly familiar with painting. I may also just tape it off and spray paint it. 




 Maybe that's the point?  




 Haha.     
Yeah I have been trying for years but they just won't understand. I am fairly articulate and cry a lot so you would think they would get it. 




 Probably all of it besides the top parts that flip open.  




 I used to be constipated a lot as a kid. Now I usually just get it from pain meds. I can get over most of it but I am so tired of having fissures.     
This is really gross but sometimes I have to resort to the ole 'assisting the poo out by applying pressure via the lady bits with a finger' trick. It's gross but the relief is worth it.        
Lately my stool softeners aren't doing shit.       
(I apologize for the shitpun.) 




 Probably paint.  




 If my suspensions are correct I am probably not the only one who feel like this, yet I haven't seen it be addressed. So I figure it may be good to start an open discussion about it.       
There are probably several factors to this and I know of a couple but hopefully some of the rest of you may have some light to shed on the subject. Having so many doctors/friends/family/and acquaintances say the typical "you can't be that sick, you look fine" and "oh you're too young to be in that much pain, just wait until you're older" type garbage makes a real impact. I'm sure many of you are plenty familiar with some variation of that. I can only hear that so many times before I begin to doubt it myself. Which is on top of my own doubts I already have. Sometimes it's hard to accept the fact that I am 23 and can't function well enough to work. I mean really, how can someone so young have it this bad? All my friends are out and about every day doing all kinds of things. And then I stand up, get dizzy, lose my vision, and have to sit back down. Oh yeah, now I remember what my life is like. Looking back it's hard to imagine I was just being dramatic all the times I would be in enough pain that changing my shirt involved sobbing and struggling and taking breaks.        
Then there's the fact that we live like this. Every day. And this is what our lives are like. It becomes so normal to us that we often forget that it's actually not normal and it is actually really awful. Almost every time someone asks me where my pain is at I say 7. On a good day it is a low 7. But the answer is always 7. I feel like if I say 8 or 9 I am being dramatic. We hide the pain so well that we even hide it from ourselves. Which is a good thing at home, not so much in the emergency room though.       
Every doctor I see tells me I shouldn't go on disability. As if I am doing it because I want to. If I could go back to work I probably wouldn't be here! I would be 2000 miles from here where my home and job are! Yet they never fail to make me feel guilty or think maybe I am just lazy. Really though I am the only one who knows what I am and am not capable of. It's just hard to shake the doubts sometimes.        
I am hoping that by talking about this we can resolve it a little bit. Maybe your input will help me quit feeling guilty about things that aren't real.        
         
[So uh. Yeah. Here is a cute little slug eating a flower.](http://imgur.com/gxIGeYb) 




 I'm sorry you're stuck in that shit right now. But you're not alone. When I am in that sort of situation I just keep going to the ER or urgent care. I always have much better luck with ER doctors than others. Last time I went th doctor was pretty understanding and gave me 52 tramadol. And I don't even have any sort of thing they can see like a cyst. 




 I just wonder why he wouldn't have taken his glasses off. 




 Actually that would be much more reasonable than whatever the real reason is for them to do that. 




 Yeah I know all about that.  




 Yeah. There is often yelling.  









 Hahahaha. I meant cath. My phone is a dick.        
As a fully recovered catholic I hope you're recovery is going well. Haha. 




 You must be expirenced. 




 Seriously almost every doctor I see is convinced I just need to exercise and eat better. I'm not even overweight. Considering my entire fucking life I can safely conclude that the more active I am the worse I feel. I know I need physical therapy but I'm sure it won't help the pain. Even when I do nothing I feel like I have been working out too hard all week. Shit, I get sore from sleeping. If I were to *actually* exercise it would take me at least a week to recover.         
So many doctors are awful. They refuse to acknowledge the severity of my pain. If it weren't this bad I would still be back home and working at the job I love.  




 Also I don't have to catholic but I sort of know how it is to be so dysfunctional that going pee is even a bitch. Autonomic dysfunction makes me have to try really hard to relax those muscles.  




 Thank you. It really is hard losing so much of my life but I have been dealing with it the best I can. But if I lose my boyfriend  (along with everything that comes with it) it would be a lot harder to cope with.  




 Thanks, that makes me feel better. Hopefully we can do the same. 




 Thanks.     
The problem that is causing all this isn't that I am sick, it's because I'm 2000 miles away and have to stay here for a while. He also works constantly so we hardly have time to talk. But we are trying to work it out. We are going to make sure we Skype like once a week at least and try and figure out those sorts of things.  




 I masturbated like three times when I watched that. *I haven't been with another woman for too long.* 




 Spelling. I am a fairly intelligent 23 year old but somehow spelling is impossible for me. It took me a long time to memorize how to spell yogurt. It's never the big words either.  




 I never really have people ask. I'm one of those people who is usually in a relationship so people just assume. But in my scene no one really cares anyway.  




 Suicide may be the only option.  




 It's ok. I appreciate it.  




 Thanks. I'm just having a hard time with trying to make the relationship work when I don't know which way it will go. 




 Seriously. It would make for much better doctors overnight.  




 I have the upmost respect for pedophiles that never actually act on those urges. 




 Yay! Me toooo! 




 I seriously woke up with one on the tip of my tongue this morning. It is driving me insane.  




 It's a bit of a secret society.  




 That's one of the reasons I don't call myself bisexual. I have never gotten any kind of shit for those kinds of sexual preferences. If anything I would be considered pansexual but I don't put much thought into those sorts of things.  




 Usually I am fine with them but I just had the worse one ever. That woman fucking destroyed my vagina with that speculum. I was seriously sore for days. Apparently she has no idea how vaginas work. Pretty sure she scraped a bunch of skin out of there while inserting the speculum.        
As if I didn't already hate her before that. 




 If only we all had as much money as you do. 




 I just feel like they failed on the medical end of the show. The diagnosis didn't make any sense. All they knew was miscarriages. Which on its own would never ever point to EDS. They could have at least added a dislocated joint or skin tearing or at least some vericose veins. They seriously had so many interesting options.  




 This is probably my most hated thing about being a female. For a while I had to ride my bike every day through the city to get to work. On an average day I would get a dozen or so cat calls. Some of them were scary, some friendly but still uncomfortable, and some were crude and disgusting. It really effected my self image for a while and made me hate leaving the house. Especially when the weather was nice and I needed to wear shorts. I am still nervous in public all the time and get freaked out when a guy walks in my direction.  




 I'm a lady and I hardly shave anything or groom all that much.  




 It's just difficult because he insists he wants to work it out. But the little bit of doubt he has scares me.      
And he has one dog (who I call my step dog) but we also work at a dog rescue. So I have a dozen dogs I am in love with. There's one I am supposed to adopt but if we break up I probably won't even go back there.  




 I want his death to be long and painful stuck in the hospital for months and never get any visitors. That's my realistic one.      
But it would be neat if he could become an attractive young woman in a part of the world where women have no rights. I want him to be genetally mutilated, raped, and tortured for a decade or so and then burned alive. I could go into further detail but I think that is enough.        
I should also add that I generally fine it important to be kind and caring to people. But some of them really do just deserve bad things. 




 Maybe not the worst, but the episode of House where he gets 13 from jail. They were treating a guy and eventually his wife as well once they found her in their messy house. They figured out she was the hoarder and had mental issues, then they found out she had miscarriages. *Somehow* they concluded she had ehlers-danlos syndrome and that was the end of it.        
Ehlers-Danlos is a rare, complex, and incredibly interesting disease with all kinds of variation. They could have done all kinds of interesting things. EDS can cause miscarriages, but that is not even a major symptom. And it doesn't help the reputation of the disease that all it explained was the miscarriage and mental illness.       
It was just really disappointing.  




 They aren't wearing gloves. 




 Aside from injuries caused by accidents most conditions that cause chronic pain  (like fibromyalga and CRPS) effect women more than they do men. 




 I just don't know how I can be prepared when I don't know where my future is headed. I have already done everything I can do at this point and I am basically just stuck in limbo. 




 What if that's not the problem?  She just has to be gone for a while and can't be super active anymore. 




 Interesting. I actually don't know much about joint replacements and all that. But that's interesting.  




 Your grandma sounds like a smart lady.     
I don't mind being alone, but I think I will be able to stay social. Worse comes to worse I can set up a dating profile and at least get laid. Haha. 




 That is so awful. There are way too many unbelievably bad dog owners out there. 




 Ha. I have a problem.  




 Ugh! Seriously, what the fuck. It's like the whole understanding and caring thing is just an act and while you're talking all they hear is elevator music. 




 Thanks. I just wish I knew what is going to happen at this point.  




 Had to stop working.       
No real social life.      
Then I had to leave town to seek treatment. So there goes most of my life, my home, and all the dogs I love.      
Now it looks like my boyfriend is getting ready to decide he can't handle me being away any longer so he will probably dump me. He's not even sure he can handle being with me and my shitty health even if I could go back now. He says he wants to make it work. But I know better. If he isn't sure now there won't be any improvement.         
I just really thought this was the kind of relationship that could overcome something like this. 




 Yeah I  can definitely see how that wouldn't work.  




 Yeah I actually don't have that many issues like that because of my conditions. I mean it sucks and I cry at every doctors appointment I go to. But if anything it is making me stronger. The worst part about it besides probably losing my partner is having so many doctors treat me like shit and trying to get someone to listen to me.      
The main problem is the current distance I think.  




 I'm not expecting him to stick around at this point.  




 Yeah would imagine that's about how it is. And I don't technically have my diagnoses yet. But I know what it is. 




 I guess I just thought I was in the kind of relationship that was serious enough to deal with something like this.  




 Haha. I mean it's understandable. And luckily I don't need a wheelchair yet, then when I do I won't need it all the time.  




 Yeah. It's hard to try and fit my mind around both.  




 Well I am hoping I will be able to go back in less than a few months. He has to stay there to work and hold down the fort.  




 Yeah couples seem to work together fine when both people have health conditions.  




 Why wouldn't you be happy? I'm just curious as to what all kinds of factors there are from that side of it. 




 I am going to get on disability. So I will be able to support myself. My plan is to have enough pain management that I can work a couple days a week under the table as well.        
The distance is the main issue. We would still be able to follow through with our plans. I will just be low energy most of the time, I could need surgeries, and I may fall down in the shower  once in a while.      
There is no cure for what I have but it is fairly manageable.  




 I honestly feel like trying to date now that I have these problems wouldn't be difficult. They would know what to expect of me at least. And people seem to find me fairly desirable.      
Also it's not like I am in a wheelchair. I may end up with some braces and a cane but at least they will be decorated all punk rock. Haha. The biggest problems are the current distance that could last for a bit and when I get back I won't be able to go out a ton. But with pain management I will be able to keep myself busy and maybe even work a couple days a week. So it's not like I can't brush my own hair, I just might fall down in the shower or not be able to make dinner some days. 




 I have talked to him and he wasn't sure if he can handle it. I know he loves me and wants to make it work. Before all this he was confident that he wanted to be with me as long as I would be with him. But now it seems his main issue is that he is depressed and the current distance is getting to him. 




 Yeah the second one made it real for me. 




 Now I know that a large percentage of relationships don't work when one of the partners has chronic pain. So I probably shouldn't get my hopes up.        
         
My boyfriend and I have been together for a year and a half or so. Over the past ten months I have been becoming unwell. For the first few months I thought it would get better and just pushed through it. Then I got a more active job and I kept getting worse. After a few more months I was no longer able to work. I saw several doctors and none of them were willing to help me.        
         
When that didn't work out my boyfriend and I both decided it was best for me to go back home to where I am from because I would have easier access to better doctors. I have been away for three months now (this is the longest we have been apart but not by a lot, temporary long distance was fine before). Now it is becoming an issue.       
           
We have talked about it and he really wants to make it work, but he is also not sure if he can handle it much more. I thought it would be fine because we have been great partners together and had plenty plans for the future.         
         
Do those plans become void when one person gets sick? Would you stay with your partner if something like that became a factor? Should I just set him free now?         
             
TL;DR: Got sick. Long distance for a while. Might not get to keep my partner. And I'm not sure how a situation like this is supposed to work. 
 




 I am asking here because chronic pain mostly effects women, and I happen to be having such problems as a woman who dates men.      
If the person you love who has been a great partner became ill and had to be away for a while/would never be able to be too active again would you stay with them? Or do you think it would be too much?  When you make plans with someone to share the future together does it become void if something like that happens?
      




 Probably just a type of dialater. But I don't know if it has a fancy name or something.  




 I feel like that could be interpreted as a sexual thing. Haha. But maybe I just have  too dirty of a mind. 




 That's my issue. I can't put weight on my wrists anymore either. I don't care what doctors say, I know for a fact that the more active I am the shittier I feel.  




 When I was a kid my symptoms weren't all that bad. Sometimes I would pass out getting out of the bath. I was never able to run around as much or keep up with the other kids, but I have always been incredibly flexible. I was in ballet for eight years or so. Then gymnastics in high school which is when I began to notice something was definitely wrong. The more active I am the worse my pain and fatigue are. Now it is fairly severe. Growing up I would complain about lots of aches and stuff. But even as an infant I had a super high pain tolerance. I was constantly injuring myself without any tears. 




 Just watched lie to me. It was pretty neat. Some of my other favorites that are on there are (of course) house, rescue me, nip tuck, Salem was good. Aaaaaand brain fog. 




 I want to do cosplay but the events seem stressful to me. I desperately want to be sexy Mr. Popo. It would be terrifying.  




 Are you also short? But yeah that's probably all there is to it with you shoulder. Also your scapula, the are both just able to extend back further than most people. Not very common but also not that crazy of a body thing. 




 Normally when a joint is hypermobile I would say the muscles around the tendon need to be strengthened. But assuming you don't usually skip leg day I imagine it is already fairly strong there. Do you have any other problems with that knee? If it is ever swollen or tender I was guess you have patellar tendinitis.      
Also is it just hyperextending or could it be subluxing?  




 Absolutely. Where I was working there was a lot of dog fighting in the area. People would use a small weak dog to lure big aggressive ones. So we get a lot of sweet little beat up dogs. It's really sad. 




 Yep. I think I need them more.  




 Yeah its really awful. Some of the sweetest dogs have been through so much cruelty. The little girl I am going to adopt looks like she was a bait dog for shitty fucks that fight dogs. It's so sad. She had clearly been beat up by other dogs a lot. Part of one of her ears was missing and when we first got her she was pretty underweight.  




 Yeah everyone is different. But I figured I would throw it out there. Mine is pretty consistent and reliable so maybe someone will find it useful.  




 This is only kind of relevant. I went and did a somewhat dirty photo shoot with a photographer. He was a huge black dude and he lived in a super nice apartment right in the city with his children and his two girlfriends. Now I am all for the poly stuff and nudity is fine with me. But it was so weird. When I arrived one girlfriend was just leaving, half way through the shoot the other girlfriend arrived. She was really nice (mind you I was mostly naked this whole time) and he showed her some of the pictures and then they sit there for a while talking about how hot I am. It was strange. Doesn't matter, got paid. And the pictures were pretty cool. 




 I gave my boyfriend an ultimatum a while ago. I told him he had to stop treating me like shit or I was leaving. He stopped treating me like shit.  




 I'm not entirely sure what your getting at as I'm not familiar with all the terminology. But I assume if your ankles are weak and you roll them easily without serious injury it is because your soft tissues are loose. What is probably happening is your ankles sublux (when the joint miss aligns but doesn't fully dislocate) and it goes back into place on its own.        
You could possibly strengthen them with the right exercises to a point where they stay in place better.  




 Wow, did that happen to you? That's awful. You should do an AMA. 




 I have been curious about trying them for a while now. They are kind of weird and probably awkward since the ring sticks out and looks silly. And the concept of lining my vagina like a garbage can isn't too cute. But they must have their benefits.       
The reason I am interested is because I get so sore quickly from the friction. In theory the female condom would eliminate that and just leave me to feel the pressure. (I know this is kind of a crude topic.)      
So have any of you used them regularly before? Or at all? What was your experience?         
EDIT: Thanks for your replies ladies. Too tired to respond to each of you. Maybe I will try one out one day. But I assume you are all probably right about them. 




