 I don't *know*. That's why it's a belief, not knowledge. I have taken time to think about my beliefs and practices and to me, they seem to be true to me. I'm not certain, but I believe. 




 Thank you so much. 




 You look lovely! 




 She is in the hospital with bleeding in her brain, and the doctor doesn't think she has much longer. She's 91 and had a great life, and she would have wanted to go suddenly. Please pray for God to help her in which ever way He chooses to. She is an amazing woman, and I love her so much.

UPDATE: Doctors say it was a stroke and she probably has less than a week... Please pray for her soul and my family. 




 You make a very good point. 




 It just seems like someone who is more familiar with law should be choosing someone's sentence. Judges and lawyers must have degrees, why not jurors? Thanks! 




 WOW! You look fantastic! I would never guess that you're the same person. Also, that lip color is perfect on you. 




 When I say different ways, I don't mean different "pictures". I don't think that there is a picture of God. I don't think he *looks* like anything. I don't think he has an image. Maybe God has revealed himself visually to certain people in the past, but that doesn't mean that's what He looks like. He just manifested Himself that way. I meant that He reveals himself through different situations. He reveals Himself when we're lost, in need of help, etc.

People fighting over what He looks like is ridiculous. God (despite Jesus) isn't a physical being. Again, I don't think He *looks* like anything. If/when I go to heaven, I'm not going to have eyes... Now Jesus was a man, but no one should claim to know what He looks like unless they met Him.

I believe Jesus came down to tell us to love and accept *everyone* and to judge no one. We don't know for sure what God wants, but we are made with consciences which, if correctly develop, should give us a correct sense of right and wrong. I don't believe God came down to John Smith and told him that something's a sin and told Suzy Jones that it isn't. People claiming that they know what God wants are incorrect. Now, He did give us things like the Ten Commandments, but things like that don't cover *everything*. Like the Ten Commandments say that you should not kill, but does that mean self defense is out of the question? The Church says it's okay, but does God think it's okay? We don't really know.

I hope that cleared things up, but I've had a long day, so it may be just as confusing... Also, I would like the note that these are *my* beliefs. 




 Yeah, sorry. It was ~3 in the morning. 




 Can't blame me for trying... (: 




 Jiffy! 1:04-1:05 




 Switch lives with me. Please. 




 I don't think anyone sat down one day and "invented" a God/gods. I think that either God reaches out to people and reveals himself to them. I am a Christian becomes something inside me tells me that there is a God out there that loves me, and I couldn't believe otherwise if I wanted to. Does that mean my beliefs are correct? I hope so, but maybe not. And then there are people from thousands of years ago who thought that it simply made sense for an omnipotent being to have brought the world into existence. What I believe is that maybe God presents himself to people in different ways, and they see Him in ways that make sense to them or seem like the God that they want to love and worship.

I hope that made sense... 




 No, I just think that *no* religious subreddits should be. 




 No, these questions are fine to ask if you're actually curious. They're pretty easily answered as well. They just made me feel more strong in my beliefs that I could answer questions about my faith. 




 I think that's a completely unfair thing to say. I would be totally open to answering these questions rationally and thoughtfully. 




 Hello TrueAtheism. I'm a Christian, and if you guys would like me to answer these questions, I'm totally open to it. I am fairly young, but I've read the list and I think I could answer them for my personal beliefs. All Christians beliefs are different either slightly or majorly, but I could definitely give you guys my perspective. If any answers seem unfit, I would be open to revising them so that they would be fit. So let me know. 




 I avoided reddit for such a long time because of this reason. As a Christian, I do NOT want /r/Christianity to be a default subreddit. It's I think it's a wonderful community, but completely insensitive and rude to those who are not Christians. I am so glad that it's not a default anymore. Most people who post there are mean, hateful people seeking out people who don't believe what they believe. 




 Or simply "just for some quick, cheap karma." Either way. 




 Um, I most people would agree with you? How the hell did this make the front page? You're obviously not the only one, karma whore. 




 Absolutely gorgeous! 




 Thank you so much(: 




 I'm currently am on vacation and haven't had a chance. If I decide to, I will definitely update. 




 Okay, I'll consider that. Thank you. 




 Great advice. Thank you very much! 




 Thank you very much(: I did word myself a little incorrect, though. I have decided on my career, but I'm just nervous about it. I'm going into musical theatre, and I'm just worried that I won't be good enough. I shouldn't worry so much, but I do. Thank you for your prayers! 




 I feel that I have a close relationship with God, but maybe I should try to get closer. Thank you(: 




 So glad I could help(: 




 Thank you so much. And you can pray for Nicole(: 




 That gave me a big smile! Thanks(: 




 Thank you for your advice. I'll be strong. 




 Thank you for this. It's really beautiful(: 




 I'm not sure what this has to do with my situation... 




 Okay, thanks very much(: God bless you. 




 Thank you. I don't think I wasn't sharing everything. I have no idea what I was doing wrong. Now, like I said, I'm just afraid to go back. I guess I'll have to find a way to face my fears. Thanks, again. 




 Aw, thank you so much. This made me feel better(: 




 Just caved after a 25 day streak. It was amazing, as now I feel awful. I wish you all the luck in the world. It is so worth it. Be strong. 




 Thank you for your advice(: I'll have to think about that. 




 but I'm afraid.

My last two confessions went horribly. They were probably two and a half years ago, and I left in tears. I remember both priests had given me a lecture. They weren't giving me advice to be a better person or Christian or anything, but told me thy my confession was "too vague." I have no idea what I did wrong, but I didn't leave feeling like I was forgiven like I had in the past. Now I feel like I have all this baggage from almost three years of sinning, and I'm worried I'll only make it worse. I'd pretty much sworn off confession because of these instances, but I feel like I need it.

Any advice? Thanks so much.

Also, sorry for any typos. I typed this up on my phone. 




 Thank you so much(: I am not currently, but I have in the past. I know how to deal with it, so I'm not to inclined to go back Ito counseling or anything. I'm also afraid to talk to my parents about it, so I don't really want to have to ask them. Last time I needed it I was twelve years old and suicidal, which I'm not remotely now, so I don't want to bring it up, now being fifteen. (Sorry if I carried on a bit, haha) 




 I would really appreciate some prayers from you guys right now. I kind of feel like my world is falling apart with my career being at question and my clinical depression looming over my head. Sorry for being kind of vague, but I need God's help, so I thought my fellow Christians could help me out.

Thank you so much. I love you. 




 Don't worry about it. People are entitled to their own opinion. There will be people that gawk at you for it, but ignore them. There are more people that don't like them / don't care about them than you would think.

Glad you could get this off your chest(: 




 That's a really good way to look at it. Thanks! 




 I'm glad you found something you love, but I do love singing beautiful music that amazing people have put together. And thank you or your support(: 




 I had the same problem for the past week or so (and just posted about it on /r/NoFap), and please, don't fall. I was at 25 day and like 30ish on here. Now I finally cave in to the same feelings you're having right now, and it was awful. I felt nothing. I immediately thought, *What am I doing?* and felt nothing at all. So, somehow, find a way to get excited about being porn free again. If I can help you through my experience, my failure will have a purpose. I know it sucks and exactly how you feel, but be strong. Giving up now will only increase the stress in your life. Remember when you were at day one, and all those people who were at a month or so seemed so far away from where you were? Don't go back to that. It. Is. Not. Worth. It. Trust me.

I wish you all the luck in the world. Stay strong, I'm rooting for you. 




 For the last week or so, I felt like I was fighting a losing battle. I would get really turned on and almost cave, but I wouldn't. For some reason, I kind of wish I had. Well, now I did, and it sucked. I immediately thought, *What the hell am I doing?* Then, I felt nothing. I tried to finish rubbing it out, but I just felt... unsatisfied. I've been nervous this whole time because I'm waiting to have sex until I'm married, and yet I just made a mockery out of that commitment. I'm an idiot. The one thing I can take from this is that now I have a short term goal, a month, as opposed to the next ten or so years... Pro Tip: Always make short term goals.

Tl;Dr:  Don't do it. You will feel nothing but shame and remorse. 




 I'm currently in high school and plan on pursuing a carrer in musical theatre. It has always been what I wanted to do. I know it's difficult and very likely that I will always be poor, but I'm okay with that because it made me happy and nothing else did. Recently my sister told me that I was a bad actor, and went into vivid detail of why she thinks so. She was angry with me at the time, but has never taken it back. Now every time I'm with my voice teacher I become insecure with myself and feel horrible for the next few days. I don't know what to do. I just feel like I have no idea what I'm doing and that I'm making a mistake... I don't know, I just feel awful. Like I said before, this was really the only thing that I am happy pursuing, but now every time I try I break down. I just feel like I'm never going to be happy with performing again. I'll just feel horrible afterward like I do after my lessons. I don't know, maybe it's all kind of ridiculous, but I feel like my world's falling apart even though I know I shouldn't let her get to me. Thanks for reading.

EDIT: Thank you all for your support and advice. I do want to say that I know very well that I will have a lot if criticism coming my way. The only reason it really bothered me is that this is my sister that has always supported me and been my biggest fan. I can take criticism, I just feel like she betrayed me as my sister and friend. She used to always be there for me and now I feel like she's against me. It wasn't the criticism itself. I just thought that needed to be said. Thanks again. 




 Damn... 




 If you scroll down any page linked to NoFap, you'll see on the right side there are nine boxes you can click on. If you click "Add Badge," it'll show you how to get one.

Good luck on your NoFap Journey! 




 I LOVE this! So pretty(: 




 LOL yes! I haven't mixed them up yet, but I'm awaiting my doom... 




 GORGEOUS! You look amazing. The look fits your very well(: 




 Absolutely gorgeous! You look like you stepped out of being a mother and housewife to a beautiful, young woman! 




 Oh my God, that's crazy! I don't even care that it breaks the rule of no screenshots. Haha, that'll be a good story one day. 




 Me too sister.
FTFY

Anyway, thank you for your support(: 




 This saved me as well(: I didn't do it! Actually, it kind of wasn't my choice because I got pulled away from my computer, but still! I read this post and it made me feel so much better. Thank you! 




 LOL! Too bad I'm not a guy... Gave me a god laugh, though. 




 I'd love it if someone could help me out here. Thanks.

UPDATE:  http://imgur.com/ZobtGPr 




 Congratulations, and welcome back. I hope that you continue on your path to God. I'm sure that He is glad that you've returned, and all is forgiven. It warms my heart to know that you've found love in God. 




 nice repost. 




 Seriously? This was on the front page. Don't steal other people's material! 




 Hey, we're on the same day!!

Anyway, I definitely feel your pain. It sucks. Try to be strong. It is so worth it. 




 I wish you the best. It must be tough, and I'm sorry that you fell. Stay strong on your new path back to where you were. 




 I'm good with that. I like being a Duchess(: 




 What a beautiful little girl! You two did a great job(: 




 Good luck man. My last streak was eight days, and now I'm almost at 3 weeks going strong. Be strong. 




 We have those sons of bitches in Texas too. I hate those things... 




 Thank you very much. 




 Things are great! My mom retired early this year, and my dad has been retired since before I was born. Luckily, the financials worked out, and here we are! My mom and I definitely spend a lot of time together, but my dad and I, not so much. My dad actually turned 62 this month and my mom is 55. I think that having kids at their age has kept them young. Yes, they are much older than most parents of kids my age, but they don't look like it or seem like it at all. 




 Yes and no. My mom retired at the beginning of this year, and I missed her so much. I really appreciate the time I have with my mom now. She is a lot more relaxed and nicer than she used to be. I think it's the best thing to have happened to our family.

On the other hand, my dad has been retired since before I was born. He seems really bored with his life and has blamed my sister and me on a few accounts for that. I love him, but I think he has grown impatient with being a father. 




 Nope. My parents got married when my mom was 31 and my dad was 38. It took them seven years to have my sister, and I was born the next year. They wanted to have three or more. 




 Not sure if anyone will be interested, but if you are, ask away! 




 This is amazing. Thank you so much for sharing. 




 ...What the hell idd I just watch? 




 I personally like Period Diary. I like the layout better. 




 LOL! That intro made my day(: And I'm very glad to hear that I'm not the only one! I'm fairly young and somewhat new to the whole world of dating, and sometimes I get really afraid that there aren't other people (or men really) like us. So, even though people like us are a "rare breed," it is reassuring to hear from one.(: 




 I'm waiting until marriage because I love my future husband. I don't know him yet, but I know that he will be the love of my life and the father of my children. Well, I shouldn't say I *know* that, but that is why I wait. He will be the person I love most in life and the only person I will *want* to have those moments with. I don't want to have sex with someone that I won't love forever. I don't want to have sex with someone that I will grow to hate. I don't want to have sex with twenty guys, ten guys, or two guys. I want to have sex with one man. I want to have my children with one man. I want to be forever bonded with one man: my husband. 




 I seriously love all of your posts. You're amazing! 




 Wow... That's horrible. I love your everyday makeup though(: Happy birthday! 




 LOL! That's great man, keep up the work. I always get excited when I see you appear(: 




 That's exactly it! Thanks(: 




 Yes and no. I came here for religious reasons, but continue for personal reasons. 




 Just so you know, as a 5'10" woman, most tall women I know dream of meeting a 7' tall man. You have a lot of sexy, tall women in your future. 




 Yeah, I've tagged him as "Is Actually Relevant; Do Not Trust". 




 I'm now out of school and getting more sleep, so I've been having these long, complex dreams every night. Usually somewhere in the mix, there's a wet dream, but it's not really a wet dream. I get turned on and either almost fap (schlick, I guess) or I almost have sex (I'm a virgin by choice), but then I feel guilty and don't give in. I usually wake up feeling kind of unsatisfied because dreams are kind of freebies. Then I think that I should be proud that my brain is being taught to really control itself, even when not in control... I don't know really how to feel about it.

Thoughts? Similar situations? Please share! Thanks for reading. You guys are amazing. 




 YES. Have you seen that new Durex commercial? It's like three or four couples having really intense sex. I saw that commercial so many times today, I'm *really* proud of myself for not letting it get to me. 




 I feel you. I am waiting to have sex until after marriage, and I'm kind of terrified. I'm currently fifteen, and I'm scared to not have another sexual pleasure for maybe another fifteen years. I'm also afraid that I'll give in to sex so that I won't give in to fapping (schlicking I guess). Glad to know that I'm not alone(: Be strong. 




 Oh my God! This really made me laugh. You're schooling experience must have been... interesting. Thanks for sharing! 




 Yeah, that's definitely why. Sorry that we Americans have it so cheap! 




 Okay great. Thank you so much for your help! 




