 and Maseo's stunt double in the Katana fight, it didn't look like him  




 or maybe he eventually ends up in the Lazarus Pit and begins to like red again, and becomes a supervillain.  




 Not gonna lie, I burst out laughing when I saw his face. As if Felicity could do anything, but that speech he gave her....my grodd....it was amazing. 




 I think she becomes Mia Dearden, just because her middle name is Dearden and she was called Mia in Corto Maltese. I hope she can deal with Oliver's absence though. :\ 




 If this is the end..... all I can say is "I loved you Diggle, and at least you didn't die first." 




 The military men were Olicity shippers that worked with Eobard Thawne, they knew that in the future, Ollie would get laid. They needed to keep the timeline intact. 




 If this episode's Ra's Al Ghul was a YouTube video, there better be no dislikes. It's almost as if he had a change of heart, and he saw their pain and didn't want them to suffer. He didn't even kill Sarab. 









 If you put the translate to Spanish to English, and type in Eobard Thawne, it comes out in English as Professor Zoom. If you put the translate to French to English, you can put Barry Allen, Slade Wilson, Laurel Lance, and get Flash, Deathstroke, and Black Canary.

andnbsp;

I haven't found out the rest yet, but I'll update this post if I find more, or if you guys find more. 




 If you put the translate to Spanish to English, and type in Eobard Thawne, it comes out in English as Professor Zoom. If you put the translate to French to English, you can put Barry Allen, Slade Wilson, Laurel Lance, and get Flash, Deathstroke, and Black Canary.

andnbsp;

I haven't found out the rest yet, but I'll update this post if I find more, or if you guys find more. 




 This episode was worth committed suicide over. Not fucking Zayn Malik. I don't know where this show is going but my stomach hurts and I feel like crying right now. 




 HUGE SPOILER: Tyrion joins the League of Assassins and becomes the next Ra's Al Ghul, then he kills Piper Chapman, right in front of The Flash! 




 http://www.watchfree.to/tv-29bc93-Arrow-tv-show-online-free-putlocker.html 




 I heard it's legal, but it's illegal to distribute it or something like that, I'm pretty stupid when it comes to real life stuff. 




 1. Diggle
2. Slade
3. Felicity
4. Sara
5. Deadshot
6. Oliver
7. Ra's
8. Nyssa
9. Lyla
10. Wildcat 




 I have no DSLR Camera or anything like that, I have no lighting, and I have nobody but myself. Are there things I can do that don't require actors or setting up stuff to film?

Note: I'm starting to get into VFX so I may not be so familiar with all the different terms and programs to use.
 




 LOL me too, he likes "WTF she's alive, wait I can't look angry, Oh Hai!! :)" 




 Too Late M8 -- https://instagram.com/p/0_tGz2DTDU/ 




 Wasn't there another crossover episode, I swear I saw Lance and Detective West in a promo. 




 I love the Vi one, Riot needs to come out with a boxing glove skin for Vi. 




 alright, thanks. i hope none of Team Arrow dies ;~;  




 Season 1, Episode 1, first 30 seconds.


andnbsp;


I beg to differ, my good sir. 




 I'm not a huge IMDb user, but in Episode 21's cast.... literally nobody dies. Is this confirmed? or just put on IMDb and will be changed once it airs or once episode 20 finishes.


http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4006598/?ref_=ttep_ep21 




 inb4 Oliver gets news that Walter died or that metahuman dies. -_- 




 I think this season is more about how Team Arrow evolves, and less about Oliver as The Arrow. That's why it's so emotional, because the rest of Team Arrow has so much more humanity to them compared to Oliver. 




 Black Arrow as in Diggle in a green suit, or Dark Archer? lol
 




 it's a shame he might die next episode :( 




 It's most likely Roy, but I like what /u/Fishtosser123 said


 Diggle will die and be reconstructed by Palmer as cyborg 




 i like that idea. 




 I like that theory, this show is about the origins and the journeys of many heroes/villains, (e.g. Green Arrow, Deathstroke, Black Canary, Deadshot, still kind wish they had Sara league of assassins flash backs to show her time away from Starling, but maybe that will be a spin off series.) If Deathstroke got his suit, and Green Arrow got his beard at the end of the 5 years, then I don't see why we can't see [this Deadshot](http://i.imgur.com/wFN7pMK.png) plus it's a metal suit, maybe (just my theory) Ray Palmer invents a fire resistance flak jacket for him, and he joins Team Arrow for a couple episode, but ultimately returns to his villainy. 














 Is it over, because im new to the game, and i just made an account like a few hours ago and it didn't say anything about maintenance. 









