 Good eye! It's probably not a coincidence either. 




 I think aquamarine would do well also.  




 Boodles, Noodlin? I especially like Noodlin.  




 Indeed he isn't. But still, that's gross..haha 









 The clothes look really good. Nice job! 



















 [bending origins](http://www.fanfiction.net/s/3952682/1/Spirals_Beginning) this is a story that had an interesting idea to the origin of airbenders. There was a post here a few days ago 









 Since in the original series there was a representative from each bending discipline, do you think Jinora might join the group at some point? So far, we have three, all we need is an airbender. Right? 




 So you would learn martial arts, but it would be disguised as bending. Excellent! 




 Anyone love Ikki's response to Tarlock..always count on little kids to give an indicator of whether or not they're good. He seems like a scumbag 




 I have to agree with you. I think this is the case because we followed Zuko's progression as much as Aang's, but 1)Zuko went through more change personally which made him more appealing towards the end, maybe? 2) We all knew Aang would fight the Firelord; that was never a doubt. However, Zuko's fight with Azula was more uncertain throughout the series since Zuko's loyalties were in question all the time. So, it was more surprising I think when it came right down to it when it was time to fight her (not to mention satisfying to see her get her ass beat - the crazy bitch...). 3) Last thing is the personal aspect. They were brother and sister. They knew each other and had a connection through their shared past (twisted yes), but Aang and Ozai were not personally invested in their fight (yes, Aang probably was, but Ozai definitely was not).  




 It wouldn't be the first time he was accused of being magical 









 NOPE. NOPE NOPE NOPE.  




 tearbending... 




 I think it is well established that Korra has negative traits thus far. I read some interviews with the creators and they said that Korra was made to be quite flawed. Obviously this will lead to some serious character development. But to answer your question I think her positive qualities are determination and passion for the safety of her friends and the preservation of bending, and her best friend is her polarbear dog..that's gotta count for something, right? While she may be going about things the wrong way right now (three episodes in), I think she has good intentions and will find the right path.  




 We know that Sokka lost his sword in the final battle, but in Sokka's Master, he didn't use the whole meteorite when he made his sword, so he could have made another...right? Just speculation 




 poor unfortunate soul... 




