 I'd rather have him play the games he likes to play than do some minecraft without really being interested in the game. 




 Haha alright, I will! Thanks :) 




 Can someone quickly tell what they did for the people who missed it? 



















 Barely any nowadays. I used to watch a stream from BTC or Chad every once in a while. If Generikb would start streaming minecraft again, I'd definitely watch. I enjoyed his AS streams :) 




 Yeah, that was it. I'm sorry I didn't have all facts right there, I was on my phone. 




 I think in UHC #FTK two battles between three teams followed up each other really quickly too. Anderz and Syndicate were still sorting out stuff from the previous battle when the next team arrived. 














 My favourite build is either Generiks mansion or the S4 nether hub. Favourite S5 build is Bdoubleo's house in the roofed forest :) 




 Id try to ask this over at r/feedthebeast, more people there who have (had) similar issues and because its a modpack in the ftb launcher you might have more luck there 




 That does sound like Generik, haha! 




 Generiks video is too short? :( 




 Happy birthday to you too then! :) 




 Happy birthday /u/millbee! :) And amazing banner, /u/warrantica! 




 He uploaded it at the time of my comment. The other TTT episode from millbee was from the 20th 




 [Here ya go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJiADGEpfsI) 




 [Millbee!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJiADGEpfsI) 




 Agreed! I love watching Potty Mouth's episodes :) They should definitely play more games together. 




 That's great! I tend to do this during the summer, just pick some series I couldn't keep up with during the year and then marathon those. There's a lot that I wanna watch by various mindcrackers but I just don't have time for it anymore. Can't wait till summer ;) 




 well I'm still not fully used to it, but I'm getting there. I can almost afford to go to bed around 1am again, lol. Slowly starting to fill up my evenings with fun stuff again so that's a good thing I think. 




 Had some chaotic weeks with personal issues. Started my internship a few weeks ago too so I've switched from 0hrs of work in a week to 40hrs of work in a week. Got loads of plans for the upcoming weeks though :) Gonna go out for 1hr bike rides every now and then just to get out on the move instead of sitting inside, gonna see Kingsman on Tuesday, gonna enter in my very first UHC on Wednesday with some people on a modded server I play on, celebrating three birthdays this weekend and have to work next weekend (money! finally!) so yeah. Being very busy, but in a good way :) 




 I'm seeing Kingsman next Tuesday so good to know :) 




 I think so too yeah. He has a bit more experience in UHC and even though he's nervous while he's on his own now, they can all help each other once they meet. 




 Have a nice weekend! 




 I hope Arkas meets up with the newcomers team. It sounds like they could use the 5th person the most, could make things interesting! They're not that far away from the stacked team Potty Mouth either. 




 Made me chuckle. 




 While Your Lips Are Still Red is definitely my favorite song by Nightwish. 




 But anderz almost always talks nether in UHC. I haven't seen many uhcs (joined around season 15 or 16, still planning on watching the earlier ones) but he pretty much always goes there and loves to rush it too. 




 Yeah same for me. Doesn't work well with an alarm at 6:30am on monday through friday.

edit: oh hey, didn't know you were a fellow Dutchie! :) 




 I can't, I already lost it once because I was stupid. :p Now I have the holidays edition and I'm definitely keeping it 




 "Oops, wrong world!" 




 BTC's never really been gone. It's just that most of his minecraft activity is streamed and not uploaded or saved as VOD. He's done quite a lot of work on the server, for example the guardian farm. 




 Oops sorry! Must have missed it :( Want me to delete it? (Or feel free to do so.) 









 Oh god.. I like the idea but I don't like risking my flair. :p 




 Doesn't show on mobile for me, but believe me, can't be missed when you're in a browser. :) 




 Definitely the team I'll be watching first every episode. Don't care if they win or lose, this is gonna be great! 




 Welcome back, I have really missed these! 




 I can't wait to watch these tonight! I'll be one day behind this whole season :( 




 Sorry to hear that. Good luck on getting a vanilla fish! 




 Heh, sorry. It's a bit early. That might do yeah, can be useful for creative mode. Stuff like toggledownfall, setting your gamemode, making it daytime.. 




 I like it but it has four very thin supports for such a house. Try making these a bit more interesting because it doesn't look right, even though the hills give it some support too. 




 Let them tame a cat or a dog. Maybe do a small fishing contest, not too long because it might get boring. Practice a bit in fighting off mobs, start with zombies. Practice bow shooting. 




 Not sure about command blocks for new people. I've been playing Minecraft for 3 years now I think and I know nothing about command blocks, let alone kids from 5-12 years old. 




 I'd say try it? 




 I don't know what's gonna happen exactly but I think Dordrecht will go back and NEC will rejoin the Eredivisie 




 I think that's because he records a lot of episodes at once and he gets burned out after a few. That's the point where he should just stop and record some more one or two days later. I don't think he's getting burnt out or bored, he seems to still enjoy the game. It's just loss of focus after recording multiple episodes in a row.

edit: spelling 




 Oh damn it. Now mine says 4/10 instead of 8/10 because I thought it went up to 5.. Oh well. 




 It has a Material Energy quest map feeling to it too. Really like it! :) 




 Haha, vind het er niet lelijk. Ik woon tegenwoordig in Nijmegen, dat is wel een mooie stad! 




 I haven't seen #145 yet! Damn, he made a lot of progress :o Will do as soon as I get home, same for #149. Good to see the DPT back :D 




 Absoluut. Ik heb ruim 20 jaar in Wijhe gewoond (ten zuiden van Zwolle) en heb ruim twee jaar in het IJsseldelta stadion gewerkt. Het is een mooie club :) 




 Zal nu wel officieel zijn. Ben er blij mee! 




 I used to think it could be his first name (Jason) but then shuffled (Jsano), until I found out his name was Jeff. 




 I have my ups and downs here. I have weeks where I keep checking this subreddit, interact with people etcetera but I can also let go if it pretty easily, especially in busy times. 




 Oh, lol! Haha. xD 




 The detail on the crafting table! Wow! 









 dadbee cheering after the first race really cheered me up :) Great episode from the guys! 




 Pattern chests keep their content upon breaking. 




 You can bone meal the flowers that are two blocks high and it'll give you more flowers. Did you know? 




 Ahh. I was thinking of a 3 person combo there, my fault. Or like Chad and Baj maybe.. Maybe? Probably just me.. 




 OMW? 




 Not really, though I think you can come quite far if you try to figure out the Mindcracker's regular upload times. Maybe ask this again on Sunday in the Weekly thread for small questions? :) 




 Even when you have a degree in 'normal programming', it can be hard to find a job later. I study bioinformatics which seems to be the future. People want you, you don't even have to look for an internship or job. Or well, maybe a little, but there's barely any competition going and there's a lot of work left. 




 I live in the Netherlands and I know it's been far worse in NY and surroundings. :P It's just that here, with just a tiny bit of snow, all trains stop riding.. 




 I started my graduation internship this week and I think I couldn't have started it worse than I did. On Monday, we got snow and I got stuck in public transport. After 1.5 hours of standing still in a train in the middle of nowhere, the damn train turned around and I had to travel along by bus. I got in 2 hours late on my first day.. Tuesday was fine. Wednesday I've spent the day at home in bed being sick. Thursday I felt better so I went back there, they told me to go back home to get better. And today I spent my time at home too, trying to get better. I still feel rubbish and I called off for work in the weekend. Bye money.. :P Hope I'm no longer tired and cold on Monday so I can get a new fresh start! 




 Sounds like a nice friday evening :) Enjoy your weekend! 




 Yay there it is! :D 




 Do you know anything about today's episode? :( I need my daily dose of Millbee's MK8 




 Jsano's is too! 




 MK8 is both 100% skill and 100% luck, I think. You can't win (or at least end up at a reasonable position) without either one of them. 




 Get a stack of poisonous potatoes and you can freely trade your raw potatoes for baked potatoes 




 Ooh Cauli! Which ones? :D 




 Wow I just now realised how much the guys have been streaming. This is just for one day? 




 That Arkas banner, oh my!! :D 




 Like Millbee said, it was a good banana throw though. I wouldn't expect it when I was just driving around and suddenly throws a banana right in front of me while I'm about to take on the ramp. 




 Am I the only one who is annoyed by Pyro not picking random? 




 I'd be in for a good laugh and go with Chad, Generikb and BdoubleO. I'd love to see them together! xD 




 Kurt's ear 




 Hope all is well. 




 "Man, I'm doing the worst. Turned my screen back off!" - Cracked me up lol! 




 Millbee's daily Mario Kart 8 series, by far. It's the only thing I watch regularly.

edit: spelling 




 I hope it will be a spoooky_ghost level prank like he did with Aurey's barn 




 I haven't really been keeping up lately (exams and deadlines), who has pranked Chad?

Edit: never mind, found my answer in the episode thread. Asked too soon. 




 You know.. There's already commentary to videos. You could easily recognize someone by their voice as well. 




 Plus they're from earlier streams. People who really wanted to see it have probably already seen it live :) 




 Nice stats, I would definitely try to watch that stream if he were to stream on a (for me) reasonable hour :) I've been following this series for so long now, I don't wanna miss the finale! 




 Thank you :) 




 Hey! This is quite funny. I'm also Dutch, I also had an interview today for an internship and I also got it! And after that, I also hope to graduate this summer! :D

Good luck on your internship in a few weeks and good luck on the remaining bits of your thesis! 




 Oh, alright. That's pretty awesome if you ask me :) 




 [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RnQBdB04F2Y) - **Guude** - Mario Kart 8 multiplayer: Guude steals not one but two stars from Coe! - First star at 5:10, second star at 12:28 




 Did he really only miss one day? I thought it was maybe 2 or 3 days spread over the past 2.5 months 




 True! :) 




 Oh man, just over a month left of this series in the current trend? I'm gonna miss it :( 




 They should do more of this "all random" when they pick the course, I agree with Millbee in that it adds a bit more excitement. 




 I don't know man, I got them from bags or found them around the map. I quit ME3 a while ago. 




 Hey, it's alright! You're doing great on them! :) 




 Happy birthday Anderz! And great work on the banner /u/aypreel ! 




 Good to hear you found something. 




