 I used the sponge this time.  I used Ulta Super Blender Sponge.  Thanks for the tips, next time I will blend it a bit more. 




 I was able to turn on AC and it does give air but it's not cool anymore as it should be.  What is the price range of getting AC refill? (am located in Rochester, NY) 




 I created [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/MakeupAddiction/comments/368i68/highlight_contour_ccw/) thread not too long ago, struggling with using NYX Highlight and Contour Pro Palette.  So I wanted something simple and hopefully this time, I am on the right track with the contouring and highlight.

I used NYX Stay Matte but Not Flat Liquid Foundation and the color is Nude and I used NYX Wonder Stick Highlight and Contour - Light/Medium.

Here is the current look WITH the wonder stick: [photos are here](http://imgur.com/a/Kz05b)

Please let me know what you guys think.

P.S. I posted a picture of the pro palette in the earlier thread. If you guys could guide me to select shades that may be a better fit for me to contour and highlight, I would greatly appreciate it for all your help.  Thank you! 




 I never met my father.  

In the past, I struggled often because I always see little girls holding fathers' hands and I get extremely upset/jealous a bit, maybe.  Then I would get really angry at times.  I wasn't really handling it well, growing up.  I was also very fragile because I kept losing family members and friends (they died) around me.  So it was difficult for my mother to be able to tell me.  She wanted to wait until I get older; when I'm more mentally and emotionally prepared for the big, full story about my father.

I was 24 years old when I found out. Father's Day rolled around in June 2013.  Then I began to wonder about my father again.  I haven't thought about him for a couple of years until for some reason, I wanted answers. I felt ready to know what kind of father he was.  I researched, trying to find answers and I ended up finding his death certificate along with my half-brother's signature and phone number (I didn't know I had half-siblings).

Sadly I found out he passed in February 2010.  I was disappointed because I had planned on contacting him and try to get to know him and hope to meet him in person.

But I finally got in contact with my half siblings (one half brother and one half sister) I never knew until two years ago and they told me many stories about him.  Most of the stories weren't good, hence is why my mother protected me my whole life from not knowing what kind of father he was (he had a serious problem with alcohol and he was involved in drugs).  So my mom finally told me her story and everything made sense from there.

Even if I had meet him in person, I will end up feeling disappointed, seeing how my father turned out.

I learned the hard way, so for me, it's better that I know what kind of person he was and I would be better off without him in my life.  He wasn't a good person, especially to my half siblings.  They had it really rough, growing up around him and especially when he ran out on them multiple times and is good at disappearing.  He was no father figure.

Regardless with the struggles, growing up, I turned out fine.  I wouldn't be the person I am today.  I look up to my grandfather, as if he's my father.  I love him dearly.  I love my family.  I wouldn't have it any other way. 




 I'm looking for other places beside Goodwill...  




 Count me in :( I get terrible puffiness around my eyes, congested, itchy throat, and I basically can't really hear well in my ears. 




 I use a fan brush (Similar to this: http://stylebust.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/Fan-Brush.jpg) first for my cheeks...  and then I use a contour brush (I have this brush: https://roundcheeksbeauty.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/c121b-realtechniquescontourbrushreview.jpg) for my forehead and temples.  I would use the same brush for blending as well.

Yes, I see the weird muddy gray as well.  I may have some contour and mixed it with highlight by mistake.  Should I get another brush to separate what it uses for, one for highlight and one for contour?

I used these shades. I circled the ones. See here: http://i.imgur.com/c8AVOht.jpg 

I also did this at 2am.  I will try again, following the tips.  I may try go to Sephora, MAC and Ulta to see if they could tell me the same how I should really highlight and contour in a proper way. 




 UPDATED:

http://imgur.com/gallery/VOM2t/

MAKEUP:

* NYX Pore Filler
* NYX Studio Perfect "Photo-Loving" Primer
* NYX Stay Matte But Not Flat Liquid Foundation - Nude
* NYX Highlight and Contour Pro Palette (this time I tried a really dark contour... not sure if I made the right call, selecting that color)

Aaah, I never realize how frustrating just to be sure the foundation and the highlight/contour has to be just right.  Plus the lighting in the room, with my light mirror stand, and the camera... (I used Logitech C920 Webcam)  it just gives off my face completely different than what I'm looking at. Hmmmmm.... 




 I knew the foundation was wrong for me.  I even asked for help at Ulta to find a good foundation and matches with my skin and they tell me that the foundation would suit me.  I have a different foundation so I will try another.

I'll keep that in mind with the contouring.  Thanks so much! 




 I want to be sure I'm on the right track with highlight and contour.

What I put on,

* NYX Pore Filler
* NYX Studio Perfect "Photo-Loving" Primer
* Maybelline Fit Me! Matte + Poreless - (120) Classic Ivory
* NYX Highlight and Contour Pro Palette

If you think the lighting in the photos aren't good, please let me know. I can retake photos and upload them.

Any advices or tips would be great. Thanks!
 




