 haha caffeine for sure. thanks dude. congrats on graduating 




 post coital chilling. just being intimate and having pillow talk 




 mmm. the crazy thing is i was raised and sheltered in this christian bubble for so long i almost don't know how to interact with people not in that little microcosm 




 currently in deconversion. took a pretty big step and told my church that id be leaving. not sure if i should be completely honest and explain why. 

edit
it wasn't exactly a ceremonial or crazy process to deconvert, it was actually after i had smoked and was being completely honest with myself that i admitted, wow i don't even believe anymore. 

i actually gave a eulogy when my friend died in 2010. i remember convincing myself and saying, wow god wanted him so bad, he's in a better place now, but looking back i realize and admit that i didn't and don't think he went anywhere. his consciousness left his body, and my friend is dead.  




 COMPLETELY AGREE 




 wow... great job 




 i laughed too hard at this one. belongs in /imgoingtohell 




 i love me too 




 agreed. physical/sexual abuse of anyone in my family 




 religion 




 that's a good one. you mean change perspective as in how you are viewed? or do you literally mean your line of sight since your back would be straighter 









 yeah i learned about that a little bit in my buddhism class. he never really claimed to be a deity, but was it his original teaching that buddhists would be reincarnated? or that there is an afterlife? or was that based on something else 




 This is one of the questions that still bothers me. Who was Jesus if christianity isn't real? I guess this goes for Muhammad and Buddha too. Did these guys all just convince themselves they were actual deities? 




 definitely think about it. one of my best friends died couple years ago and i gave his eulogy before my deconversion. i said the basic christian comforting lines and i also said it so i would feel better too. but now that i think about it, i have to admit to myself that he's just dead and gone. its painful but thats what ihave to rationalize. when my mom had cancer, i was tempted to pray, even though my brain knows that there probably isnt anyone listening 




 that's from just 7 weeks? that's awesome 




