 Yes.  Bullshit. 

Do you think Verizon is some kind of company run by Santa? Giving out free phones and all? Goddamn you people are ignorant.

It even says full price of 599. Your paying that 599-199 over the course of 2 years. 


 




 Thank you!!  




 Ball shake twitch leg.  




 http://i.imgur.com/54HBvgX.jpg 




 This bullshit again. 

You cannot buy the device outright for 199. You still pay the 25 Verizon Edge over 24 months. 

The phone got a 199 discount,  which still pretty sweet. You did not get it for free. 

You kids need to grow up and realize the price of the phone is calculated into your monthly fee.

Edit: you are all a bunch of goddamn ignorant retards falling for the oldest marketing trick in the industry.  




 Astra Platinum is the only thing you'll ever need.  




 If I have to believe my buddy that works in a financial institutions cocaine is always socially acceptable.  




 Make em hungry,  get their vote. 




 This pretty much means a Grexit. There is no way in hell the Greek parliament will agree to this. Also many countries still need parliamentary approval. The Netherlands is currently favoured towards a no for various reasons.  




 Probably. There is no way in hell that Lucas could have written that.

"yoosa shoota bad bomba ready "
- Grand Moff Binks 




 I applied for what would apparently be a dream job. Salary was ridiculous,  job seemed fun. 

On day one it turned out that yes,  the pay would indeed be awesome. But the job would be a career killer. I confronted my new manager and he pretty much laughed at how he tricked me. 

I walked out.  




 Reviews that I read is that it's just another "me-too"  celebrity endorsed knife with too many under engineered features for the sake of features.  




 Thanks! Grabbed it from GDrive.

No idea about IEEE. Found the article referenced and G Scholar pointed me towards them. My University proxy did log in correctly do them, but almost nothing can be downloaded by me :-/. 




 Doing some research affecting my field, and can download most articles through my university account, but some are blocked.

1. Examining the Barriers to Supplier Development

http://www.emeraldinsight.com/doi/pdfplus/10.1108/EUM0000000001631

10.1108/EUM0000000001631

2. Getting the Message Across? Supplier Quality Improvement Programmes: Some Issues in Practice

http://www.emeraldinsight.com/doi/abs/10.1108/EUM0000000001246

10.1108/EUM0000000001246

~~3. Monitoring supplier quality at p.p.m. levels~~

~~http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/freeabs_all.jsp?arnumber=197630 abstractAccess=no userType=inst~~

~~10.1109/ISMSS.1992.197630~~

Fulfilled by Saleh Ketik. Thanks!!

.

.

It seems to be hit and miss for me at emeraldinsight. Most papers work, some don't, even from the same journal.

Any help would be much appreciated.

Thank you. 




 I had to fire one of my new hires after he posted to his public Facebook that "safety feature X for car Y"  was a complete piece of shit. He hired to work on that team. 

Also one of my friends had to fire a guy for leaking photos of a new prototype design to his friends on Facebook. (I work in automotive).  




 Step 1: People pay for Alien Blue not to have to see ads

Step 2: Reddit buys Alien Blue

Step 3: Reddit introduces mobile ads (even to paid versions of Alien Blue)

Step 4: People abandon Alien Blue comparing it to the holocaust. 




 Why can I take 1 liter of substance X and put it in ten 100ml bottles and be fine, but when I bring the  1 liter bottle I am nearly catagorised as a person intending to fly a jetliner into a building?

Also: I had my liquids in a zippy bag. Zippy bag was apperantly too big for the security guard. So she put the zippy bag with content in another (clearly not a 1 liter zippy bag) and was quite content with herself. What's the point?

(I am a tad bitter, as I have to deal with this at least 4 times a week). 




 72 Virgin Males reward! 




 People that fire employees with cancer because they are not getting better quickly enough.  




 When this first came out my dad bought one. I think he paid about 6 grand for it. He used it twice before realising he looked like an idiot. 

It's still in storage. I should get it out and do a fun project with it.  




 You can't pluck a bald chicken. 




 Funnily in my country this would be very hard. I'm pretty sure I could construct a failure that would get my boss fired, but not myself. 




 "A fool is easily parted from their money."

-Apple's corporate slogan for the past 5 years. 




 What the fuck going on with my phone. The video is all over the place.  




 As ordered by Pao. I've had to fire people as well when I was told by senior management. If I could hire them back I would in a heartbeat.  




 Literally a small scale Maddoff.  




 Senior manager at a large automotive OEM supplier. (~90k ex bonus,  ex company car). 




 Mary refusing to admit she cheated. 




 I remembered the human. I dislike her even more now.  




 You nearly killed reddit. This can be forgiven.

You are however a threat to women in tech. You are bad and you should feel bad. 




 Right in her kisser! 




 Pre-abortion term genetic screening. It;s a thing. An expensive, and in some places illegal thing, but it is a thing.

If it's illegal where you live, take a holiday where it is legal. 

Obviously this does not fix birthing issues, but a caesarian can help prevent that.

Many option for you. 




 The day Pau fired /u/kickme444 is the day Christmas died.

Pao is literally a successful version of the Grinch.  




 Hey /u/spez  ! Bring back Victoria and kickme444. Undo the damage Pao has done and make reddit great again. 




 She didn't bring focus of chaos. She brought more chaos to chaos.

Also mutual agreement my ass. We know the board canned her, " mutual agreement" pretty much means " we're sacking you, have some cash, and save your face".


Also she wasn't a pioneer to women in tech. She has a record of putting women behind for her own gain. She was a pioneer for Pao in tech, and nothing else. 




 Apparently COLD DEAD HANDS equals a 210K signature petition.

We did it reddit. I am proud of you all. 




 Tool -  LaTeRaLus  




 Shut the hell up you goddamn fucking social warrior piece of roach cum. Go die in a goddamn fire.  




 I watched it twice. In a row. In the cinema. Came out of the first showing. Got another ticket and went back in. 

I love cars,  I love post apocalyptic movies,  I love Junkie XL, I love Tom Hardy,  I love Charlize Theron,  I love the Doof Warrior. 

It's the perfect movie for me. No bullshit,  just action, cars,  and explosions. 




 Pulp Fiction  




 No details on the quality of the bag,  having a well known brand name is not a guarantee of quality.  




 Surprise blowjobs are not uncommon. 

On a more serious note,  she can always make me laugh,  even when I had the most stressful and terrible day in the world. (without blowjobs).  




 Got proof they didn't? It's very very implausible,  but there is a very quantum like possibility they did.  




 "The gender of a baby is only decided in the 12th week of pregnancy. "

This was one of the best ones. 

Cherry on top?  She taught biology.

I've had my share of bad teachers and decided that when my kid comes home claiming some bullshit factoid their teach told them I will confront said teacher.  




 http://m.connect.dpreview.com/post/7285707615/dpreview-recommends-best-smartphone-cameras 

They have a great write up and are a trustworthy source.

Edit:
Another trustworthy source

http://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles/Google-Nexus-6-Google-s-latest-handset-storms-in-to-the-DxOMark-Mobile-top-10 




 The deal was cancelled. I have dit in my cart for ordering but my Internet went down. When I got back the price had increased to 286 in my cart and 232 on the store. Amazon support told me tough luck.  




 One of our biggest more critical subsuppliers is in CZ. I love that country and it's people.  




