




 IIRC, for about 5 minutes way back in the dawn times, it was the default way reddit worked briefly.   But it was killed by one of the First Ones and made optional cause lots of people were angered by it's existence.  Mainly cause it did weird things and took a long time to get used to when you did try and use it.   It seemed to be effected by a lot of weird things, such as different reddit preferences, browser settings, planetary alignments and whether you were into Star Trek or Star Wars.  And lord....  you don't want to know what happened to people who tried using it but were into Star Search.    They were flung into Stargate haven't been heard from since.   












































 Not Rick Astley's "Never Gonna Give You Up"?  Come on.   




 The Neo Confederate movement did invent fluoride.   It's a known fact.   




 California passed this law because the numbers of children being immunized by their parents has already caused the break down in herd immunity in some areas there.   It's high time a state took action on it.

It's time for the Federal government to act too.  End this problem nation wide before it becomes a giant problem.  People don't have a right to harm others through their own stupidity.   






























































































 I can't believe that somebody would try and say that starvation and feeling a little hungry cause you haven't eaten since lunch are the same thing.   It's like comparing a scratch to decapitation.  Lunatics.    


































 Obviously he has never enjoyed a [Genny Cream Ale](https://www.beerconnoisseur.com/sites/default/files/articles/style_studies_cream_ale/genessee.jpg).     

Lord knows I haven't.   


































 I have had discussions with him in PM's about various things several times.   We compare notes on moderation and the like.  He really cares about /r/Science and does a lot of unseen work.   His article: [Reddits science forum banned climate deniers. Why dont all newspapers do the same?](http://grist.org/climate-energy/reddits-science-forum-banned-climate-deniers-why-dont-all-newspapers-do-the-same/) should be read by everyone.   









 I was talking to a feminist activist once who told me about how she got a bunch of complaining mens-rights guys coming to her blog where she was writing about how she worked to set up a woman's shelter.    She took a few of them at their word and decided to try and help them with setting him a men's shelter.    Instead of working with her they just called her names.   

A lot of those guys don't want to help men.  They just want to complain that sometimes woman are successful.   





























 I have no problem with your liking the prequels.    And to be honest, I probably would make peace with George if he would just refund my $10 cause of Jar-Jar.   




 From what I understand a lot of these kind of cases get appealed to the courts when the IRS tries to fine them.   









 I've  never really understood the whole "I don't like it so we must disallow it's entire existence" attitude a lot o people have. 

I don't like horror movies, but I don't advocate for a ban on them.  I don't like current Tonight Show host Jimmy Fallon, but I have not petitioned the government to publicly execute him.   

Why can't people just be okay with things they don't like?   If you don't like Felicia Day, don't read articles she writes or watch videos she puts on the internet.  The Internet is a big place.  

For some reason, that just seems simple.   I guess it's not. 

Of course, I will still never forgive George Lucas for the prequels.   One still has to have some standards.    But something about the billions of dollars tells me that George probably doesn't care what I think.   :-) 









 A former slave responded to a letter from his ex-master after the Civil War.   [See here](http://www.lettersofnote.com/2012/01/to-my-old-master.html). 

The ex-master asked him to come back and work his farm.  The former slave responded with a request for 32 years back pay for himself, and 20 years of back pay for his wife.   And he also politely asked for a guarantee from the ex-master to not rape his daughters.   Figuring those were small things to ask for if the ex-master really wanted to just *let bygones be bygones*.   
 




 You can buy my silence with a Hershey's chocolate kiss.   




 /u/Nallen is basically the chief-of-staff mod at /r/Science and is one of the best mods across all of Reddit.   He knows how to weld the ban hammer and can more than hold his own with the best mods everywhere.     He's the one who setup the AMA with the guys from Monsanto.   From what I understand, it took months of e-mail exchanges with the company to get them to do it.    




 As with many things in life.....  Look around the debating table; if you can't immediately see who the asshole is, then youre it. 
 




 I suddenly have the urge to go to Olive Garden.  Those bread-sticks are amazing.  

 




 It does look a little similar to what happened in 2008 when the anyone-but-Hillary crowd all picked Obama early on and fought hard for him.     

The one big difference is that Obama was younger, good looking and telegenic.   Sanders, while not a lot older than Hillary Clinton (by six years), definitely appears older than she does.   Maybe that shouldn't matter in politics, but it does.  




 If the people truly disagree with the Courts decision, they can elect representatives to amend the Constitution.    What that entails is as follows

* 2/3rds of Congress starting the amendment process.   291 of 435 House votes and 67 of 100 Senate votes.
* 3/4ths (38 of 50) of the State legislature's to pass resolutions approving the amendment.  

Of course, on this issue.... those numbers aren't going to materialize.   Right now it would actually be much easier politically to amend the Constitution to 100% approve the Court's decision for all time rather then repeal it.   




 My sister ended up renting the whole conference room area at a major hotel for the wedding.  It included a weekends worth of rooms for the her and her now husband, the wedding party (ushers and brides maids) and both sets of parents.  About 10-12 rooms.  Included a stocked bar for the reception after the civil service they had performed.   All for cheaper than the church wanted for one day in mid-October in the North East.  

And it was at a Church she is an active member of too.   You would think that they would give a break for people who are really members of the Church.  

I'm sorry, but everything about it was crazy.   They got more space, more time, hotel rooms, didn't have to have a cash-bar, etc.   Way more than her own Church could have provided and it was cheaper.   I'm sorry, but that screams greed and nothing else.     









 *Being There* is one of my favorite movies.   I really recommend it.    




 Many people have been forgoing church weddings for a while now.  Often just to do with costs.  My sister is very religious, but when she found out how much her own church wanted to charge for the most basic wedding service, she went with a private civil service instead.   Churches can often be down right greedy when  comes to these things.   




 For a long time it was true.   But as with many things, Reagan didn't like the rule so he appointed judges who disagreed with the idea.   And then in 1994 Gingrich Revolution when the GOP won control of Congress.... the Senate largely only confirms judges who allow Churches a lot of latitude to lobby for candidates.   They get away with saying "We really like Congressman Smith" instead of "We endorse Congressman Smith".    And since they didn't say *endorse*,  they are allowed to all-but-endorse candidates.  

As long as they stop just short of saying "Vote for Congressman Smith", then it's not political.   At least according to a lot of judges out there.  So the IRS and other government agencies that might call them on the lobbying efforts have learned to ignore it except in the most egregious cases.   














 Chauncey Gardner, I presume.  
























 It's an age old  hobby of political groups.   Debating who's in the group and who's not in the group.   Then come the manifesto marathons where the subgroups all read each other out of the party.   And so you end up with the subgroups hating each other more than they dislike their actual political opposition.   

See Monty Python's [PFJ scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iS-0Az7dgRY) in *Life of Brian*.    




 If /r/HailCorporate is calling you insane....  well, that's pretty conclusive evidence that you aren't in the mainstream with the rest of society.    




 Wow, Mel is considered worse than [this guy](http://www.jewornotjew.com/profile.jsp?ID=192).   That's kind of amazing.  




 I'm sorry....  we don't invite you to the meetings because nobody likes that hot dog casserole you keep bringing to the pot luck dinners after Temple.   Really, what is up with the potato chips crust?   It's not 1975 anymore.   










































































 "If [the Civil War] wasn't about slavery, then I don't know what else it was about".  - Confederate General James Longstreet responding to a question as to the cause of the Civil War.  

Coupled with the [Declaration of Causes of Seceding States](http://www.ucs.louisiana.edu/~ras2777/amgov/secession.html) and things like the [Cornerstone Speech](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornerstone_Speech) by  Confederate Vice President Alexander Stephens.... the cause of the war was Slavery.   

All the ancillary other factors that people like to bring up, be it tax issues, tariffs, states rights, the Southern agrarian economy, etc.  Each of those other contributing factors contain slavery at the core of their being.  They can not be discussed in any logical way without directly discussing slavery.   Slavery can not be decoupled from the causes of the American Civil War any more than violence can be decoupled from war itself. 

This means the confederate flag (or the Battle Flag of the Army of Northern Virginia if you prefer that name) is all about being a believer in slavery as if it was a good thing.  To say anything else is not just wrong, but willful and maliciously wrong.   









 If they refuse to leave for voat, can we lite up a pyre and enjoy a roast?   




 Where it the individual law that says you are a human with rights anyone is bound to respect?    Clearly if you want to claim you possess human rights you must be imagining new law into existence.   

Everything I just said is as crazy as what you just claimed.   




 I'm sorry, but the semantic content of interracial marriage question and the same-sex-couple marriage question are exactly the same.  They are the same question at the end of the day.  Both are 100% moral and ethical, and any other conclusion can only be based on a denial of human rights.   

Thomas and you may not want to accept this basic fact, but it does not change the basic fact that only way one can justify being against gay-marriage is to deny that gays possess inalienable human rights.   Anything else you might try and claim is bullshit lying on your part.  Your fully understanding that you are lying is not required.   You are just willfully lying to yourself as well.  




 The same bullshit arguments were made by people to oppose Loving v. Virginia.   They were willful idiots then, they are willful and malicious idiots now.   




 There is not one point in all of Scalia's dissent and his claim that same sex couples can't marry that wouldn't also once been made in relation to  interracial couples.   For hundreds and thousands of years that was banned.   But the court in 1967 found that thousands of years of bullshit around that was unconstitutional.  Same applies here.   The ban on same-sex couples getting married was illegal in 1789, the fact that the founders didn't know this just means they were **purposely** blind to their own laws.   They were wrong then, and Scalia is wrong now.   Period.  









 So, it wasn't left handled, non-religious, blue eyed, tall, polo shirt wearing Jews then.    Good to know nobody suspects me.   




 Did you know, Hemlock is all natural.   Clearly Socrates did not die.   Therefore he must clearly still be alive.     I'm positive I saw him a the mall the other day.  
























 You won't need to worry about [that](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeFkrwagYfc) for a while.  




 You can't melt mental beams with a racist memes.  




  Like some sort of Gay Illuminati

Now there is a conspiracy I could support.   I would donate them all the Jewish gold the Mossad has paid me over the years.  And I wouldn't even ask for a tax write off for it. 




 Do these idiots understand that the Nazis put homosexuals to death in the holocaust along with the Jews, Socialists and Roma?    

Sadly, either they don't understand that or they think the Nazis were the good guys.   




 As if there was something wrong with being a JIDF shill. 
 









 Probably just telling everyone that he thinks the Klan are a bunch of softies who don't take the racist cause seriously.  




 According to /r/conspiracy everyone is a government shill.    Even Snuffaluffagus.  









 Lost Causers were never above lying, cheating and pure fabrication when it came to blaming people who weren't at fault.  They hated Longstreet for his cooperation with reconstruction.     









 Well, aren't you a special little pumpkin.   




 It's not just NY City with these astronomical costs if you want to get a taxi medallion either.  I'm far from a libertarian.  But this is one industry where the government regulation has been used to keep competition out of the market place for decades now.  

If I want to take a taxi from my home into the metro-downtown area about 25 miles away, the price is over $100.   One way.    That's crazy expensive.    




 This time, why not the worst?   




 I assumed it was where you entered in a polygamous marriage but even then none of your husbands or wives want to sleep with you.   




 Yes, cause racist hate mongers should be provided a platform to spread their bullshit.     Really now.    




 The middle ground should be in making a self-post mod created thread and then removing all racist comments.   But then, people scream when that happens cause they aren't allowed to be racist shits.    Which is how you know they are only interested in propagating their racist hate.  




 Then why am I getting tons of PMs from /r/Europe users who lamenting that *the "kill all mudslimes" crowd is in full force and it's too depressing for me to wade through*.   Lots of people who are rightly disappointed that the mods there are now allowing racists to run roughshod over the subreddit now.  

It should be possible comment about what happened without calling for mass genocide of North African peoples.   Maybe some of them should try talking about it without direct appeals to hatred.    To call for indiscriminate murder of people who happen to be Muslim just because they are Muslim is to be no better than ISIS or other terrorists they claim to oppose.    




 Sherman wasn't the only one who thought the war was going to be long.  James Longstreet, when he was resigning his US Army post in Texas before joining the Confederate Army was asked how long he thought the coming war was going to last replied "At least three years, and if it holds out for five years you may begin to look for a dictator".  

Of course, he also said after the war when somebody asked him was the cause of the war war: "If it wasn't about slavery, then I don't know what else it was about". 
 









 I thought they were steroid abusing [basselope's](http://www.cartoonistgroup.com/properties/bloom/art_images/cg4ff61208b9a2c.jpg).  




 He was purposely added to the mod team to be the French speaking mod.  So, he's simply doing what his fellow mods asked him to do.   




 And lets the Postal Service of your country know that your moving and they should forward all future mail to Nowhere Land.   




 I was willing to fight to the bitter end.   But Sky asked me to leave the mod-list.   Not because he disagreed with me, but he wanted the idiots to stop screaming.    I told him giving into the idiots would just make matter worse, and that seems to have been the result.    That said, Sky is a friend of mine and I don't have to always agree with my friends.  




 Well, a small point of order.... but this god-person did promise in the bible that he wouldn't flood the entire world again.   Which is always why the bible thumpers have always confused me.   If the god-person was to flood the entire world again, he would be making himself a liar.    And asking him to make himself a liar.... doesn't that have to be very, very unholy and evil request for a bible believer?  

They are a perplexing people.   They want their god to be evil.   




 Especially if these people finally leave for Voat.   




 All gold is Jewish gold.    




 Thank you for making my point for me.    









 If I was made aware of that tread back then, I would have remove it.    I think the current mods should remove it now.   I will gladly pass that link along to them for removal.  
 









 No, what these people want to use the dead bodies of people who happen to be Europeans who visited Tunisia, a country that everyone agrees is not European, as props in their Hate campaign against Islam and Muslims.   They are using dead bodies like to propagate hatred.   




 This drama is started by the same people who wanted there to be zero mention of the Winter Olympics in Russia because (they believe) Russia isn't in Europe.     But now they are going to say Tunisia is.  

They're just angry *idiots* who like to get angry.    




 And the the New York Manumission Society, which got slavery banned in New York State..... it was disbanded decades after it successfully got slavery banned in NY State, three years before the publication of *Uncle Tom's Cabin*.    For the record, UTC was published in 1852.   NY State banned new slavery in 1799 and all remaining slaves were freed in 1827.   And the NYMS was disband in 1849.     

Oh, and in 1799 there were already fewer than 3000 slaves in NY state anyway.   So, it was a long time fading institution there already.  

The whole idea that people didn't know slavery was wrong until after 1852 is just incredibly stupid.   I get that maybe it was some kind of half-life date for popular opinion around 50%+ of the population finally seeing it as a moral and social evil.   But there had been people working against slavery for centuries at that point.   




 Within that is even a hint that States Rights was bullshit from the git go.  The Southern states in no way respected the Northern states rejection of slavery.   Part of the Southern demands when the war started involved the Northern states being required to make slavery 100% legal all the way to the Northern most tip of Minnesota.   




 80's music:   

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XV5_WagxZg

 




 What we need to do is cross breed Mongols with Germans.   Then we'll produce the unstoppable killing machines. You know, Cylons.   




 Thing is, the tax issue is just the Slavery issue in disguise.   Because what is the tax on?    Goods that are created primarily via slave labor.  

All the alternative issues people try to bring up in relation to the Civil War are always, at the heart of the matter, the slavery issue at their core.  Take slavery away, and those alternate issues all evaporate away in a puff of smoke.  

Taxes... on goods produced by slave labor. 

Tariff issues, again.... on good produced by slave labor. 

States rights..... to own human beings as if they were farm animals. 

Straight up, there would have been no US Civil War if it wasn't for the problem of slavery.   Every issue that people bring up as possible alternate causes or contributing favors are themselves the slavery issue in disguise.   

It's one of those rare issues in history where the simple uncomplicated answer tells the full story.   Question: What's the cause the US Civil War?  Answer:  Slavery.    To give any other answer is to obfuscate the issue. 


 




 [Kill the poor](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgpa7wEAz7I) is a better song.  

 




 Well, like any good atheism.... me and the lord have an understanding.  I'm on a mission from god.  




 /r/conspiracy is full of Nazis.   I know that.   Nearly the entire mod team there are wanna-be Nazis.   




