 Not good motivation for your team to tell them they cant win unless they hack DJ the whole first half.  




 Keep taking it inside to Blake or DJ. Make them defend you without fouling. Rockets got too many fouls too early.  




 This hack-a-DJ strategy is going to backfire bigtime. It's not really even working now. I'm convinced McHale doesn't really know what he's doing.  









 Going to have to read more of him.  apparent negativity doesnt bother me reflexively like it does many. Reading Heidegger now, "Building Dwelling Thinking", and there is definite Taoism throughout, though certainly not explicit.  




 this didnt happen today. it is a repost.  




 The guy was probably the worst president of all time. A sociopath to his core. Google what Billy Sol Estes said about him. Read the book "a Texan looks at Lyndon". read about the box 13 scandal. He never should've even been a senator. Google hitman Malcolm Wallace and his connection to LBJ. check out his connections to Brown and Root who funded his campaigns and profiteered from the Vietnam War. check out the video interview on youtube with his mistress Madeleine Brown, she implicates him in the death of JFK, as do many others. 

The guy was a walking criminal all through his life, driven like an animal to dominate people.  




 Listen to Alan Watts lectures on Taoism on YouTube. Read his short book "Tao: The Watecourse Way". I would recommend *not* reading "The Tao of Pooh". Not a good book to start with. And I didn't think it was a good book anyway. 

Essentially Taoism is the world behind words, the nature of reality, the way of harmony. 




 I distinctly recall him saying in the post-game press conf that it was a pass.  




 No. But i would like to see us go with a shiney silver helmet, instead if the dull silver we have now. and/or a matte black helmet with a shiney silver logo  

at least as alternate helmets 




 He's such a poser. So conscious of the cameras at all times. 




 Only if Joey Crawford's crew is reffing is there a chance.  




 As much as Id like to see the Warriors go out now, we are better suited to beat them, because Blake and DJ match up better. They dont have Zach or Gasol. Also, the Grizzlies are more of a halfcourt offense. Like the Spurs. The Clippers play better against more flowing dynamic offenses.  




 Right. Better safe than sorry.  




 Like Kobe will play with him? 




 Must get rid of the police officers bill of rights.  




 Cowboys 




 Don't worry.  They're going to raise the toll fee to cover the expense of fixing the bridge. 




 Words are only tools and are abstract.  They aren't real (concrete) and aren't the things they represent.  The word "tree" doesn't help us understand trees.  Often words divide people even though they are used for communication.  We apply words and labels to ourselves and each other.  Maybe we call someone a Democrat, but that only limits - maybe prevents - our understanding of them as a person.  And it is using a word and category ready-made, handed down to us by the political system, which wants to divide people amongst themselves.  As just one example.

It seems in your second paragraph that you are making my point.  Why complicate it with more discussion and questions and words?  This will not help.  I'm not saying words or consciousness has anything to do with whether or not everything is one thing.  Everything is one thing *regardless* of words or concepts or consciousness.  We can talk about the complexities of language, but it will get us further from the point.  And that itself is my point.  A child doesn't know how to speak, hasn't yet learned the words.... 




 Young Man Rivers Walk.  




 yeah baby yeah!!! crawford with another laser bounce pass to rivers! 




 Time to finish em off! 




 yeah and silly fouls 




 DJ gotta stick closer to Howard. Dont even let him touch the ball.  




 Is it true we passed over Ariza and got Hawes instead? 




 refs aint falling for any harden theatrics.  




 Because it isnt a philosophy or a religion. It is about nature, the way of nature, real reality. All others get abstract and reductive. It is about everything. It is profoundly simple and pure.  




 they appear to be on to him.  




 1. Anarchism
2. Everything is one thing anyway. Words and consciousness are problematic: Reductive, limiting, coercive, etc. We can be in harmony with ourselves and with nature. 
3. Taoism

EDIT: Why downvote and not rebut? 




 Ive not been competitive. Dont understand why that is an actual trait in people. To compete with their fellow man or woman. It isnt a fight or a contest. I think it is mostly found in the choleric temperament. It is blended with jealousy and comparison and maybe insecurity. 

That said, I was good at competitive sports like soccer, basketball, and especially track.  




 Man, this writer likes the sound of his own voice.   




 Why don't they just decide the punishment already?  Why didn't the punishment get released publicly with the report?  Why is everything floated through the public first?  Goodell is playing politician with this like he does with everything else.  But it's hurting the league to have this in the news so goddamn much.  And it makes it look like he's trying to gauge public reaction before anything is decided - which is what he is doing. 




 Wait until after Goodell is gone for that. 









 USA! USA! USA! WAR! WAR! WAR! 




 You will see why it was never released.  




 Thanks, Postscript. I suspected you could know this.  









 [He's our Kawhi Leonard](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Bl8NXnxCUAALprE.jpg).  All business.  Lets his play do the talking. 




 It is better to not try and not fail, than to try and fail because you failed to realize that your failure was a success. 




 Thanks a lot.  I'm going to dig into all of those.  Been into the Jung connection somewhat (The Secret of the Golden Flower).  Yes, I would put Schopenhauer on that continuum as well.  I find this all very engrossing and totally fascinating.   




 Government doesn't come from God, so it should be banned. 




 Tom Brady is a goddamn liar and a fraud.  This has been clear since at least 2002. 




 Any word on Ginobili, Parker, or Harden? 




 Wow. I am actually writing a paper on Taoism. Was working on it today, and thought I remembered this piece on consciousness from Kierkegaard that might help. 

But knowing something about existentialism, I find its parallels with Taoism/Zen are quite poignant, though they aren't completely congruent. I want to investigate the connection more. Thanks for the lead.  




 Possibly.  I remember a chapter title something like "Consciousness is the Problem".  Thought it was SK, but may have been Sartre.  I'll try to check him.  Thanks. 




 You may want to see my comment below. 




 As long as views and perspectives supply the meaning then you can probably find meaning of some sort here or there.  But views and perspectives come after reality itself.  Existence precedes essence.  Artificial rites of man might have meaning, but like everything, it is ultimately in the eye of the beholder.  To look at meaning as a pejorative thing is problematic.  Meaningful is, in itself, no better and no worse than meaningless.  

Trees don't mean anything.  Nature doesn't mean anything.  Meaning is artificial. 














 Joey Crawford is totally out of control.  I appreciate zeal, but he loses the big picture.  It's not about you, Joey.  It's the playoffs - let them play.  The fans don't want everyone not playing.  His crew called a lot of fouls in the Clips-Spurs game they reffed.  But not nearly this many.

Then this was severely imbalanced in the Rocket's favor. 




 your art should not need a narrartive explanation to accompany it. it should not be conceptual to any degree. it should speak for itself. existence before essence. make something that just is. no clever one-liners. they are the opposite of existentialism. 

i would look at nature, found objects, etc. doesn't have to be beautiful. dont fear the ugly.  




 Pointless things are OK too. Most things are pointless. Life is not about meaning, etc.

Edit: In many ways college is pointless. If you are talking about a religious rutual that is another story. But graduation is more like a celebration.  




 It was an off night for Crawford. But I still dont get why we see so much Rivers. I dont get why Crawford has to come off the bench in CP3's absence.  




 Look at the bright side:  We won't have a Joey Crawford reffing crew the rest of this series.......Will we? 




 Lester did foul a lot.  But I guess everyone did tonight. 




 That's true, tonight he was. 




 Lester was real good.  He should have played more instead of Rivers, in my opinion.  Rivers isn't that much of a passing point guard.  He can't lead the offense. 




 He usually gets hot at some point.  They said Jamal was telling Blake to shoot more and not pass it.  These guys can't guard Blake (with the exception of Howard) any more than the Spurs could. 




 Yeah, not one of Doc's better coaching jobs at all. 




 Don't understand those coaching decisions down the stretch.  

1. Why take Blake out with 3 minutes left, even if you put him back in with 2 minutes left?  

2. Why have DJ sit so much the 4th quarter?  When DJ and Blake are both in there, they don't double Blake as much or as well, and DJ is a huge presence on defense.  Etc....

3. Why play Rivers so much?  We could have put Crawford, Reddick, and Barnes in there together.  They are all better shooters and better defenders than Rivers.

4. Why not intentionally foul Howard earlier in the possessions toward the end? 




 Lester Hudson: 10 min, 5 pts, 2 ast, 1 steal, 1 block, 2 TO, +9

Austin Rivers: 25 min, 10 pts, 2 ast, 0 steals, 0 blocks, 1 TO, -3

Play Lester more. 




 Dont get these coaching decisions at all.  




 Get DJ in there!!! 




 Taking Griffin out with 3 minutes left??? What? 




 That long shot at the end of the last quarter is what broke the shot clock.  




 Let Blake go to town!  




 Joey Crawford reffing = foul-o-rama.  




 Key to the game is DJ staying in there to guard Howard and get boards.  




 In a crazy way being without CP3 is almost helping us because we arent slowing down to the half court game much.  




 A transition game is perfect for us especially without CP3.  




 He is like Kawhi Leonard. Lets his play soeak for itself. Acts like he's been there before and will be there again. 




 Im my own worst enemy. Thats for sure.  




 Not really. He was overseen by Rooney and Mara.  




 Wow - you're obnoxious as all hell. 




 You're making the mistake of assuming I care what you think.  (I don't.)  You may only be concerned with your appearance, that doesn't mean anyone else is the same way. 




 "Salt"?  Am I only supposed to use words like "probable" to fit in here?  Do you think I care?

This is a reddit comment board.  Look around. 




 Brady and Kraft are goddamn liars and cheaters. 

Kraft and Brady denied everything and say they fully cooperated.  We now know, what we assumed all along, that is false.  They also know that Goodell will cover for them as much as possible.  Goodell incentivizes their cheating.  Now we get a report of an "investigation" after four months, timed to be released after the draft, that concludes with words like "probable" and "generally"?  WTF!? 









 Goes to show how much fraternal means "frat house":  Insane brotherhood with all kinds of irrational bravado, etc.... 









 Congrats on your solid BM! 




 Yeah Im hoping for Memphis. Dont like Golden State ever since that bogus game when Blake was ejected.  









 There are about 30 different sorts of "Vegas underworlds". 




 exactly. theyre the same goddamn word. like what does $#!+ mean? 




 Of Kobe was a part of that squad, they wouldn't have Dwight Howard (nor would they have Harden). 




 This is excellent.  Man gets caught up in form, which in nature is ultimately incidental (for lack of a better word).  Form can be illusion or disguise.  I am writing a paper on this, and other things right now.  It is quite timely to come across this post.  It is the flip side of the wu wei:  Natural order from within assumes a form that is determined from within, not from without.  I didn't know form was addressed explicitly in Taoist text this way though.  Thanks. 









  The control of crypto-currencies like Bitcoin are set to be tightened drastically. 




 probably translated with google translate 









 Yeah, cause they were black, right? 




 Exactly. I was saying the same thing. Anyone have a gif? It would be a tiny bit of redemption.  




 I was thinking that exact same thing today. So quiet in the media. Makes you wonder.  




 You can see it in his eyes. The dudes been dialed in these last few games. I love watching him play with this intensity. Great energy.  




 it is ok. im here just posting basic verifiable facts, not making any claims or choosing any sides. but people downvote me because they want to cling to their delusions about Bernie Sanders.  




 From zero to a tiny bit. Im done wasting time with you.  




 BPD deleted it from their feed.  




 No, Bernie Sanders is actually quite anti-Fed himself, though not as much as Ron Paul.  And he's against the big banks quite aggressively, much more than Ron Paul is (though Paul was against the bail-outs).  Of course the Fed and the big banks aren't the same entity.  The big banks are actually themselves different entities.  (My post didn't suggest otherwise.)  Though, in effect, the Fed and the banks usually act in unison, especially with regard to Congress. 




 It is not really "progressive" if one of your principal adversaries is the Fed (and the big banks). The Fed is one of the crown jewels of the real progressive movement.  




 Get with the program. The original story was errantly reported. Everyone knows that.  




 the cops themselves reported that a man was shot on their twitter page (as did non-fox news witnesses). since removed. witnesses were interviewed who said they were pepper sprayed.  









 One of those "reports" was from the BPD themselves, via twitter.

Why don't they tell us what *is* true? Why did the victim have to go to the hospital?  




 If you believe the cops.  It could be true, but why take their word for it?   




 Cops say he threw his revolver as he was running and it went off, and that he then fell somehow and hurt himself?  And that is why he was taken to the hospital?  Interesting. 









 Witnesses report the victim was unarmed, and was running away. A gun was found at the scene.  

Cops also maced the witnesses at the crime scene. 









 Witnesses say he was unarmed.  Also that cops maced the witnesses after the shooting. 




 Break it down into smaller chunks. 

Start doing something. Sometimes things will get done, and done well, if you trust your intuition and just go. Thinking can get in the way.  




 Soren Kierkegaard: Concluding Unscientific Postscript.  




 You might want to check out Taoism. Books like the Tao Te Ching and The Book of Chuang Tzu. Also 'Tao: The Watercourse Way' by Alan Watts. I have similar interests in existentialism and nihilism and religion - and Taoism even seems to go behind all that.  




 Have you heard of Mau Piailug? I got to meet him once very randomly in Hawaii.  




 I recken i'll hamme sumuda bigguns.  




 Just curious where u got 2.5 M? Thats less than 1%. Wiki says we are 1-2%. Not a big deal though.  




 This is why Taoism is so refreshing and rejuvenating to me.  




 UTF = UnTranslated French = Pardon my French.  




 You only felt exhausted because the book was so boring and you felt you had to persevere through it for some reason.  




 ....I just seen red.   




 could it be a fibroid? just a guess? 




 Kawhi is my favorite non Clipper in the league. Total stud. All business. No nonsense. Skilz all around.  




 They are mostly jealous Laker fans who see their franchise on a long trajectory down, and ours on the way up. It is also fans who dont like our posterizing and lobs and alley oops.  




 On the subject of CP3 drawing fouls:

He can force contact and exaggerate it. But, unlike Parker and especially Ginobili, he doesn't sacrifice the whole play. Meaning he doesn't loose the ball. So if the foul isn't called, he keeps playing, usually without picking up his dribble. Ginobli will initiate contact as his first option, then do his gymnastics, flail, then flop, the ball missing the basket by a mile. I have no respect for that.  




 he stepped up big last night. and always plays high intensity. great defending. reminds the team after the game that theyre not done yet!  no, they ain't!!!!! 




 Not really.  If he thinks the play was blown and it "absolutely" was clear to the Clippers what they were running, then he should have taken the timeout then and drawn up another play.  Teams would be finishing close games all the time with one timeout left if they always had to save it just in case they couldn't get the ball in.  Plus, trust your team to throw an in-bounds pass. 




 What about a recording of bagpipes?  Played loud. 




 Kilt? 




 If only he had killed him, he'd be on paid leave right now.  




 Relieved? Not really.  




 Portland shouldnt have got an automatic 4 seed.  




 It's been a changing of the guard baby!!! 




 yeah, i don't doubt what you say, you are clearly in the know more than i am.  i had a sense that we got too many LBs there.  Reg used to be one, so maybe that's why, and Ken Norton too.  i trust him - maybe too much. 




 That comment will be $40.  I'll send you a bill. 




 Send me a livestream link please.  Don't think about it.  Just do it.  Thanks!  :) 




 WHAT A FREAKING GAME!  What a series.  Much respect for the Spurs.  Especially Kawhi.   




 No DJ - the Spurs get boards..... 




 Another draft that couldn't have gone any better.  I was hoping for Amari Cooper all along.  And the more I learn about him, the more like he seems destined for all time.

Edit: Came out wrong the first time.  




 They can tie his contract to how much he weighs.  If he weighs too much, he gets paid less.  Give him some incentives that way.  If they need to. 




 You can see why he impressed the coaches in interviews. The more I hear about this guy, the more I like him.  




 And then once you pick the clown says, "Sorry you dont have a pick." 




 Take it to Antiques Roadshow.  




 I got a three-meal-a-day habit I just can't seem to kick.  




 Everyone saying they wish Gregory was taken:  Do a Google search.  You'll see he has something(s) "off the field" that is keeping teams from taking him this early.  For instance [this](http://deadspin.com/something-weird-is-going-on-with-randy-gregory-1701010088) and [this](http://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2015/04/29/confusing-reports-emerge-about-randy-gregory/).  All kinds of speculation as to what it is.  


No way do we need any drama.  And no way is Reggie the guy to roll the dice.

That said, I sure feel sorry for the guy. At least he will get to the NFL eventually.  




 In this series so far, 66% of the games have been won by the away team. 




 It seems Reg isn't into any player with any degree of risk. I don't blame him anymore. The risk these days isnt like it was in the old days. Lyle Alzado risk is different than Jamarcus Russell risk. There are guys without risk.  




 Exactly. Williams was too hyped and people bought in. We needed a receiver. No brainer. Etc. Etc.  




 Had some good reffing for a change. Jamal made his two free throws. Reddick was on. Taking care of business. We closed it out.  




 Bigtime Y.A.C.! 




 He only just got there himself. I think he's OK.  




 We've all heard at least a few people express skepticism about Leonard Williams, but *none* of us have heard the least bit of negative or doubt about Cooper. All positive. 

And I think some got taken up with the hype about Williams.  




 He didnt suck in interviews with the coaches.  




 Back in Black! 




 Williams was hyped a bit. We need this receiver. Cooper is a solid guy too. Will have good synergy with Carr.  




 What evidence do you have that you aren't the Baltimore Chief of Police? 









 LSU is the prime place for super-talented underachievers.  




 sometimes.  but in this case, she has already committed verbally anyway.  if she's busy, she can say so. 









 Why would the FBI, an investigative agency, want MLK dead?  They were acting on someone else's behalf.  The FBI through Hoover was very close to LBJ, who also hated King.  King was against the war in Vietnam.  LBJ was for the war, as were war contractor buddies in Texas like George Brown, who helped start LBJ's political career.  Brown was one of the biggest war contractors of all time.  

James Douglass is writing a book on the MLK assassination.  You may want to get it when it comes out.  His book on JFK is usually regarded as the best, or one of the best, among hundreds on the topic. 




 When you say court of law, you mean criminal court. Civil court is a court of law as well. But I'm sure you are correct about everything else. 

There is a whole false narrative built up around Ray, just like there is around Oswald.  Dig deeper in your research. 

The "big scary government" tried to get MLK to kill himself by threatening to disclose his affairs. Google the letter they sent him. 




 It is frustrating because we beat ourselves. Those two games were ours. Need to close games out.  









