 This seems like the porn equivalent of the "safe" /r/whatsonthisthing

  














 Thanks for the answer folks.  




 When a player gets hurt and you see them on the side line talking to a bunch of people are those all trainers or are they agents as well? 




 Fargo, not based on a true story but claims it  is. 




 I sick of seeing transformation posts for 16-23 year olds. Of course your gonna make massive improvements if you do the work, your body is producing T at a rate you will never naturally achive again. Try being in your early thirtes and comming off a injury or sederatery life then I'll be impressed by your brogress pics. Congrats bro you won puberty! 




 The fog last in davis and sac was super thick last night. Couldn't see across the street, great murder weather. 




 This idea has legs! 




 The Fall, half the shots are works of art. 




 Yah that's what I figured, still kinda hard to find the original pic, Google wasn't much help that why came and asked you...FAGGITS? 




 Thanks guys spot on. Crazy that it's in the FAQ. Even crazier is I was gonna post a inquiry about the egg story next. I think brain has finally dialed into the reddit wavelength. I'll change to solved when I get home.  




 Need dat Goatse pic 




 It was a pic floating around the net a while ago that was of a night time Free way,  the text was the definition of a made up word that describes how we were all strangers but connected 
 




 Growing up with cats and dogs, I got used to the sounds of scratching at my door while I slept. Now that I live alone, it is much more unsettling.

Miami_metro
 









 So I lost one of my favorite costume pieces this year at burning man. It was a long flowing knee leght vest, almost like a rob of satin or silk like material. It was decorated and looked to be Indian or arab in orgin. I have a feeling that they are very common in certain cultures but I can't find the correct name to look it up. It didn't button up, it was sleevless. Any help is much appreciated. I'll see if I can find a pic of something similar. Thanks peeps. 




 Naw I'm just intrested, so much money goes into a project like that and I've heard that some of these cars are owned/ bankrolled by super rich burners. A system like RH must cost a boat load so I was just wondering. 




 I'm trying to find some general info on robot heart, is it a community owned art car or does a single person own it a . Does any one know how much the system costs and what the sound specs are? Thanks.
 




 Its also a part of the character development, it allows the audience to se that cooper is super smart, he has the knowledge to hack into this drone, possible someone who has designed stuff of this sort, he's not just a farmer he has a past. 




 Bad drug tip, planet earth every time.  




 I wanna get drunk with this guy! 




 Had a seizure in the middle of sex.  




