 Damnit...came in here to be pedantic and was thwarted.

 




 Nope...still no clue but you are right.  I'm not into pop culture at all.  Despite that I am still aware of some of it because it is hard to miss sometimes (ala Katy Perry in the Superbowl or Justin Beiber being made fun of on late night TV or PSY's Gangnam Style or Nicki Minaj's epic booty to name a few).  So I guess it is surprising that as popular as you say this guy is (I believe you...saw the link) he manages to fly under the radar of some people (because some of it, see aforementioned examples, is hard to miss).
 




 I think the courts did care to some extent but gerrymandering became an outgrowth of the civil rights movement.  In order to enfranchise minorities weird districts had to be drawn and was deemed "ok" in the name of civil rights.  All well and good but now we see the unintended but entirely predictable outcome of that.
 




 Yeah, I clicked the link like the OP wanted...still no clue who this "internationally famous" guy is.

Seems like a cool guy though. 




 Certainly bad games have always existed as have short games.

But it remains that the trend is to put less and less in the main game and to sell bits and pieces for extra.  Developers are putting the squeeze on gamers and they will continue as long as they can.  

Game average lengths have been shorter and some say that is a good thing and something gamers actually prefer but where does it end?  How little can the developer sell you at a premium price that you'll still buy?

Evolve has $60 of cosmetic DLC on day one.  That is on top of its $60 asking price.  The Order gives you seven hours or so of gameplay seemingly half of which is unskippable cutscenes and not gameplay and there is no multiplayer or replayability.  They are asking $60 for that.  That is just two examples, there are plenty more.

Surely there is a line drawn somewhere where you would say a company has gone too far and provided too little to be worth it.  Where is that line for you for a $60 game?  How short can something be before you deem it too short for the money?
 




 The problem is the developers have been lowering the bar for a long time.

It's akin to having once gotten a fantastic steak perfectly cooked for $60 but now today you get a Big Mac for $60.  Do some people like Big Macs?  Sure but some are pointing out the diminishing quality you are getting for the same price. 




 This has been tried before.  It *always* fails.

There have been many attempts at this over the years.  Most bogus from the get-go but some few were honest attempts.  Honest attempts from both sides.

The problem is the issues/region is so volatile it takes almost nothing to upset the process...from either side.  It can be a pissed off Israeli, or pissed off Palestinian or any of dozens of countries that have an interest in not seeing peace happen or even a corporation* to toss in an agent provocateur.  Just one fucker with a pistol can fuck it all up.  

It is trivially easy for anyone with a bug up their ass or financial/political interests not served by peace, individual or nation or corporation, to throw a spanner in the works.

Also don't forget that even IF you managed to solve the Israeli/Palestinian issue you still have a Shia/Sunni Muslim issue (brewing civil war).

That region of the world if fucked IMO.  I doubt they can get out of this cycle short of a genocidal war leaving one party standing.

*EDIT:  If you think corporations don't operate on this level consider British Petroleum getting the US to overthrow the elected government in Iran and have a dictator re-installed. 




 "Single true fact"?

Is there a kind of fact that is not true? 




 It may be worth noting here that Reporters Without Borders recently [ranked the US 46th in press freedoms](http://rsf.org/index2014/en-index2014.php) behind (among others) Botswana, Suriname and Romania.  A drop of 14 points from its previous listing. 









 Not sure how Holder will be repairing anything.  He is lighting a fire then stepping out leaving the problem for the next AG to solve.

Real decent of him.
 




 Seven years on and only NOW do they think to prosecute people for the financial crisis?  I wonder what the statute of limitations is on these things. 









 Is there a reason you can't start your own subreddit and apply these ideals? 









 Remember, [the claim is it is actually a 2.5 hour game](http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/2vybg8/order_1886_playtime_details_from_youtubers_play/) with a lot of unskippable cutscenes (presumably unskippable because if you could it'd be all too painfully obvious there is not a lot of game there).

Now, maybe that 2.5 hours of gameplay is pure awesome.  If that is worth a premium AAA cost of $60 to some here that is their call.  It does not seem to be all that fantastic gameplay wise though as you noted.  

Personally I find this obnoxious and if enough people buy this at that price it just encourages more of the same from developers.  2.5 hours of game and if you want another 2.5 hours they'll sell it to you in a $30 DLC.

I think the real problem is we are 15 months in since the PS4 release and there is still precious little that is really worth playing.  PS4 owners are so hungry for the next thing, the "next gen" killer game, that they'll buy this cuz it looks great and there's not much else.
 




 To every observer all will seem normal to them.  They will perceive the other person's clocks and rulers to be off in a different reference frame. 




 The speed of light will *always* be measured at the same speed regardless of reference frame.  In each reference frame all will seem normal, a second is a second, a meter is a meter.  You only see differences when comparing two reference frames (so your meter looks shorter to mine and so on).
 




 It is worth noting any sufficiently large explosion can create a mushroom cloud.  It is not inherent to nuclear weapons.  It is inherent to really big explosions. 




 Hell, if it is more movie than game watching a Let's Play of it could be sufficient.  




 It is not and never was meant to be the sole source of money for the retired although the reality is it is for a great many people.  It is meant to be supplemental income.  Always has been.  That said if you are destitute then any money is welcome.  It can be the difference between starving and getting a meal at the least. 




 Everyone I know complains about high taxes, and what they'd do with their money.

They may well whine but the fact is they are paying less than they have in the last 30 years.

 Now comes a rare chance to check the facts. And the fact is that federal tax rates had fallen to the lowest in 30 years when President Barack Obama took office  and fell again in his first year in office.

This news comes from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, which just issued the latest update of its invaluable series on Distribution of Household Income and Federal Taxes, this time covering 2008 and 2009. The CBOs statistical series now covers the 30 years since 1979. [SOURCE](http://www.factcheck.org/2012/07/tax-facts-lowest-rates-in-30-years/) 

While that dates from 2012 things have not changed substantially one way or another since then tax-wise. 




  SS was/is a scam by the .gov to get more taxes from us.

Also it is not a scam since we all know how it works.  Also, since it is an entitlement that has to be paid back it isn't a bait and switch. 




  If China called us on our debt to them we would have to default and the whole US economy would go to shit.

It doesn't work like that.

IF China did such a thing (which they can't because things like T-Bills have a maturity date) they would devalue the value of that debt to practically nothing over night making their trillions worth a few billion. (For instance, imagine you own 50% of all the shares of a company...1 million shares worth $100 each...and dumped it all on the market in one go...the price per share would plummet to mere dollars and you'd lose most of your money.)

In short, even if they could (which they can't) they won't because they'd be shooting themselves in the foot. 




 Again, that is just not true.  Prior to Social Security there was a huge problem with senior citizens living in abject poverty.  Either you had family to support you or you were in trouble.

These people were not stupid.  They knew the deal and yet a substantial percentage of them ended in poverty.

Again, you need be stupid or squander your money.  A single illness can wipe you out (most bankruptcies are due to medical costs and most of those people declaring bankruptcy had medical insurance).  Maybe a tornado smashes your house.  Maybe the people running your pension go belly-up (not to mention there are fewer and fewer pensions to be had these days).

You can plan all you want but things can and do go wrong.
 




 That's a very simplified situation, but doesn't social security only protect the financially irresponsible? If we never had it, people would be forced to be smart with their money, taxes would be lower, and people would have more money to invest/save in their youth (provided they don't do anything stupid).

Well, we don't need to speculate.  There was a lot of time in the US before Social Security existed.

Your assumption that people would be smart with their money and save it is unfounded.  While some people are dumb with their money there are a myriad of other reasons people might run out of money after retirement.  In 2008, after the big market crash, there were a whole host of senior citizens who had their retirement wiped out financially.  If they did not have Social Security you'd have had a colossal problem on your hands with so many thrown into destitution over night.

In 2010 over 44% of Americans over age 65 would have been living in poverty (by the government's definition that is around $10,500/year for an individual in 2010).  With Social Security that number drops to about 9% of the population.  That is 13.8 million people raised out of poverty for the elderly (and over 20 million overall since it covers more than just the elderly).  [SOURCE](http://thinkprogress.org/economy/2012/08/14/690661/social-security-poverty-77/)
 




 The CPU is not the same size has the metal heat spreader that covers it.  If you took the heat spreader off (don't do that) you will see [the CPU is a much smaller square bit under the center of the heat spreader.](http://img.tomshardware.com/us/2004/03/01/sneak_preview/cores.jpg)

When you do the pea trick you will flatten out a circle that covers most of the heat spreader on the CPU.  There will be some uncovered bits at the corners but that doesn't matter for this at all.
 




 I got burned on Rome II.  I am waiting a week or two to see how things shake out first and then decide. 




 The earth is [smoother than a billiard ball.](http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/badastronomy/2008/09/08/ten-things-you-dont-know-about-the-earth/#.VNxOey5Tpl0)

That is to say if you measure from the highest point to the lowest point and shrink or enlarge the two spheres to the same size the earth has a smaller variance. 




 RIP Mulder

I want to say more but I have not followed Kevin or Mulder.  I just have been there.  This picture is worth a thousand words.  

Truly a best friend.  Sorry for your loss.
 




  Its really a shining monument of RTS history IMO. 

Absolutely.  Indeed a shining monument to computer gaming of any sort.

Like some older music there are a few bands, a few songs that stand the test of time and are as good now as the day they were made.  This is akin to that.

Honestly, I would have bought Homeworld in a heartbeat without any spiffy new graphics.  I have been playing PC games since Zork and this is one of only a few that really, really stood out in my mind.  As soon as GOG came on the scene I was regularly checking to see if they had this game.

Maybe it just shone so bright considering the time it was released in.  Kinda like Star Wars.  When I was ten and saw Star Wars I was floored.  Nothing like it had ever been seen.  When I showed it to my niece and nephews they were all kinda "meh".  Perhaps today Homeworld will be viewed similarly by the current generation of gamers.  I hope not though.

I hope it is enjoyed by the current gaming crowd as much as it was by us 15 years ago.  It really is an outstanding game.  Hall of Fame stuff and a true high water mark in gaming.  

As the poster above me said it really is a solid as shit RTS.  I just played Grey Goo (latest RTS game) and it was a fun game.  I really enjoyed it.  I would dump it in in a heartbeat for Homeworld.  A bit of apples and oranges there and I do not mean to dump on Grey Goo which really is pretty good.  Just not the same league.

If you haven't noticed I am very excited for this release.  I even took a day off work for it (to be fair a day off for me has been a long time coming).

 




 You may find this video interesting:

[How Much Does a Shadow Weigh?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Do1lm9IevYE)
 




 I hate this.  It's not your fault...it is what most people think.

Thing is drowning does not look like drowning in most cases.

1) Except in rare circumstances, drowning people are physiologically unable to call out for help. The respiratory system was designed for breathing. Speech is the secondary or overlaid function. Breathing must be fulfilled before speech occurs.

2) Drowning peoples mouths alternately sink below and reappear above the surface of the water. The mouths of drowning people are not above the surface of the water long enough for them to exhale, inhale, and call out for help. When the drowning peoples mouths are above the surface, they exhale and inhale quickly as their mouths start to sink below the surface of the water.

3) Drowning people cannot wave for help. Nature instinctively forces them to extend their arms laterally and press down on the waters surface. Pressing down on the surface of the water permits drowning people to leverage their bodies so they can lift their mouths out of the water to breathe.

4) Throughout the Instinctive Drowning Response, drowning people cannot voluntarily control their arm movements. Physiologically, drowning people who are struggling on the surface of the water cannot stop drowning and perform voluntary movements such as waving for help, moving toward a rescuer, or reaching out for a piece of rescue equipment.

5) From beginning to end of the Instinctive Drowning Response peoples bodies remain upright in the water, with no evidence of a supporting kick. Unless rescued by a trained lifeguard, these drowning people can only struggle on the surface of the water from 20 to 60 seconds before submersion occurs. [SOURCE](http://www.slate.com/articles/health_and_science/family/2013/06/rescuing_drowning_children_how_to_know_when_someone_is_in_trouble_in_the.html)



 




 This quote is routinely misinterpreted.  In Shakespeare the quote was meant to mean that lawyers are a basis for justice and stability in society.  The guy who wanted to kill all the lawyers wanted the lawyers out of the way so they could not impede his buddy from overthrowing the king and usurping the throne.
 




 You can either you Steam to manage mods for you or you can use [Skyrim Nexus.](http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/?)  Skyrim Nexus has a broader selection and is more in-depth but Steam is simpler to use (although the [Nexus Mod Manager](http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/modmanager/?) makes most of it really simple too). 




 It's the rapey vibe that is causing you trouble. 




 $60 + an expensive looking DLC model + not sure how long the game can stay fresh and fun = I'm waiting

Don't get me wrong...I played one of the beta events and enjoyed it.  I think it is a great idea and has lots of potential.  Their price model though smacks of someone who has no faith in the longevity of their game so are scooping up all the cash up front that they can before people realize there is not much there ala Titanfall (also a neat game that missed the mark).

 




 First many of the rebels are almost certainly Russian military units and the rebels are being supplied with modern weapons (including AA missiles) by Russia.

Second, the people in eastern Ukraine identify with and are sympathetic to Russia more than they are to Ukraine.
 




 I came here to say this.

Simultaneously bummed/gratified to see it is the top comment. 




 (serious question)

Three weeks?

Have I missed some change in weather prediction?  I thought a week out was about as good as they could do and anything after that is not a lot better than an educated guess.

Not saying it won't happen but how reliable is such a prediction?
 




 It is sawing. 

Thing is when it comes to cutlery a plain edge is almost always preferable to a serrated edge knife.  Serrated certainly has its uses (particularly for things with rigid surfaces like the outside of a loaf of bread) but if you could only have one knife in the kitchen a plain edge would be the way to go.
 




 Resolution and "looking back in time" are different things.

All you need to do to look back in time is have a photon from that distant source reach your receiver.  Of course you will need more than one photon to really "see" anything so the Hubble kept its camera aperture open and pointed at the same place for days to collect enough light to see the distant galaxies.

That does not translate into resolution though.  If it did the same thing pointed at the earth it'd just get a washed out image.

We do however have satellites with optics that can resolve down to 10 inches (from space to earth's surface).  Government spy satellites may be even better.

EDIT:  Spelling 




 I think you a somewhat less than all-or-nothing approach can work.

If there is something truly outstanding then go ahead and buy it.  Afterall, we want to encourage the good stuff getting made.

Other than that though I totally steer away if I see EA is involved.  There are many middling games I might try but not if EA is involved.

That and never, ever, ever, ever pre-order any EA game ever.  Indeed that is true for pretty much all games these days (I will probably pre-order Homeworld re-mastered edition but the way I see it I already played it and know it is a great game).  Just with EA you REALLY need to hold yourself back.  If you feel yourself wavering just repeat "SimCity, SimCity, SimCity" till you back off.
 




 FWIW if we had a .45 ACP bullet that weighs 12 grams here on earth it would have a relativistic mass of ~268 grams at 99.9% the speed of light.
 




 This is a thing?  Since when is this a thing?

Just when you think your fellow citizens can't embarrass the rest of us any more someone has to go to 11 on the stupid meter.
 




 In this case the existing base game is the same as the original and the original is/was outstanding.  Truly one of my favorite games ever and one that has stuck in my memory all these years (I would regularly visit GOG hoping they'd have it before this re-master was announced).

All they have done with this is polish up the graphics and re-master the music (I think) and we can see in the videos what they have done on those counts and it looks great.

So yeah...this is one I will break my no pre-purchase rule on because, technically, I've already played it and loved it.
 




 The Big Bang was not an explosion "in" space (like an explosion in a room).  It was space itself that exploded into existence (like the room itself came into existence).

It is this space that is exploded into existence and is expanding. 




  To think that an adult couldn't improve on that Shity existence called school is sad as hell..... 

It really depends.  Some things are under your control.  Some aren't.

Try losing your job and wondering how you will feed, clothe and house your wife and kids as your next mortgage payment looms and you can't pay it (not to mention other bills).

Nearly [half the people in the US live paycheck to paycheck.](http://time.com/2742/nearly-half-of-america-lives-paycheck-to-paycheck/)

The terror of that can send you into a god forsaken job that you loathe but have to do. Getting up every morning and thinking about it makes you want to slit your wrists but you don't because of your kids.

Not everyone is in that boat of course but a lot are.

So yeah...school ain't so bad.  Is it worse than life after school?  The right answer is, "it depends".

 




 It's called "curtained hair" (I honestly do not know why I know that). 




 Imagine we magically turned everyone into the world into Kevin O'Leary.  Would it happen then that they would ALL be multimillionaires because they all worked "really hard"?

This also supposes that the poor do not work "really hard" cuz clearly if they did they'd be wealthy right?
 









 I am willing to bet this is almost certainly some form of right-wing astroturfing (not sure what to call it exactly).

Wired's average reader is male, age 39, college educated with a household income of $80,000. [SOURCE](http://www.wired.com/about/press_factsheet/)  

This level of dumbfuckery doesn't come from people like that.  Either it is right-wing trolls who love to pounce on "liberal" sites or it is actually a concerted effort by some right-wing groups.  Hard to say.

 




 According to Google, "todays Artificial Intelligence technology can solve even the most difficult variant of distorted text at 99.8% accuracy. Thus distorted text, on its own, is no longer a dependable test." [SOURCE](http://googleonlinesecurity.blogspot.com/2014/12/are-you-robot-introducing-no-captcha.html)
 









 Weather is a system that has a "sensitive dependence on initial conditions", aka [The Butterfly Effect](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butterfly_effect) aka a chaotic system.

It is impossible to know every little detail of all the parameters that go into predicting weather.  While we can know a lot there are always ever finer details.  As a result, when the simulations are run, they work ok for a little while then get wildly wrong results the longer the simulation is run.

This is why they can predict the weather within the next few hours very accurately but less so the further into the future they look.  Just one little missed parameter can dramatically change the long term outcome hence the term the "Butterfly Effect".  If your simulations knows *everything* about the weather but misses one butterfly flapping its wings somewhere then eventually the simulation will flounder and not predict, say, a hurricane. 




 With the back door down and letting water in?
 




 It is worth considering the role the Bubonic plague (aka Black Death) played in 14th century Europe.

The plague caused a severe shortage of labor so the ruling class had to compete for labor thus improving the lot in life of laborers.  It also seriously diminished the power of the church (praying didn't help stop the plague and priests died as easily as anyone else).  

This would start leading to reforms that would not come to other parts of the world for awhile.  These reforms would help spur economic growth and scientific advancement. 




 Love it.  

Games seem smooth at nearly any frame rate (except *really* slow).   




 Ok, I'll be the pedant.

Ain't no such thing as "very unique".  It is unique or it isn't (unique is one of a kind so you can't be very one of a kind...you are or you aren't...it's a binary thing).

That said that clock does indeed seem to be unique.  Pretty cool too.  Wish there were more of them. 




 I think a simpler way to put this is:

- Bet on the chances that a coin flip will produce 10 heads in a row.  This is a real long shot.

- After nine coin flips which all came up heads (assuming a fair coin) bet on the likelihood the next flip is heads.  This one is 50/50.

The difference is betting *before* a coin is flipped or betting *after* nine coin flips.  Each coin flip is 50/50.

As an aside and interestingly I had an argument about this with a friend who likes to gamble.  I pointed out that the casinos putting a "past results" display on their roulette tables was bullshit.  She *insisted* it helped cuz in her mind if the table came up red the last nine times it was "due" for a black.  This is bullshit but she didn't believe me.  What she should believe is the casino is not into losing money.  They put that there to lure suckers like my friend. 

 




 I have a 1440p monitor using a GTX980 with a G-SYNC monitor.  Tested it using the Heaven Benchmark with everything turned on and get ~45-50 FPS.

I had a 1200p (yes, 1200, not 1080, the 1200 in my view is far superior...bummed it never caught on) with a Radeon 7970 card and it also did around 45 FPS on the same benchmark.  If that seems weird realize my new monitor has 75+% more pixels which makes the FPS a wash despite the faster card.
 




 Yeah, I should have made that more clear.  Thanks.

 




 The weight difference is small but it is worth noting that we try to fire off rockets into space as close to the equator as possible (give and take other considerations).  The centripetal force at the equator is substantial enough to save on rocket fuel and/or put heavier payloads into orbit. 




 Supposedly this is a true story.  Unfortunately I have forgotten most of the details but I think it is close enough:


There were two comedians who were life-long rivals.  Each one was always trying to top the other.

One of them was on his death bed and his rival was in the room.  He beckoned his rival over to his bedside, reached out to him and said with his last breath:

"Tag...you're it!"
 




  Let's say you flip the coin 10 times and get all 10 heads. You currently have 100% heads; this is pretty improbable but not at all impossible.

This is one of the reasons humans are bad at listing a random set of numbers.  A real random set will include streaks of the same number repeating.  

IIRC in an infinite set you can expect any arbitrarily long string to occur.  So if you flip the coin infinite times you'd expect somewhere in there to have a run of a billion heads in a row.
 




  Stalling at that high of an angle of attack would be very dangerous.

It's not dangerous.

IIRC when you learn to fly they make you stall a plane on purpose so you can learn how to recover from it and that is when you are a mere student.  Not a big deal really as long as you have enough altitude to recover (stalling near the ground is definitely a bad thing...such as right after takeoff).

It would be "bad" in a passenger plane only inasmuch as you'd give the passengers a helluva roller-coaster ride and throw them around a lot but even a passenger jet can recover from a stall without much fuss as long as it has enough altitude to recover.
 




 Huh...that may well be the case but not sure why it matters.  My last monitor was noticeably warmer than this one but honestly I never cared.  Not like it was actually hot or I even noticed since I rarely touched it. 




 At 27" I think 1440p is necessary else your pixel density (dots per inch) gets too low and image quality suffers.

If you are at 24" or smaller then 1080p is fine.

Just remember that higher resolution means a ~~30+%~~ ~78% jump in the number of pixels your video card needs to push.  Part of the reason the PG278Q is Display Port only.  It needs that extra bandwidth that HDMI/DVI cannot deliver.

EDIT:  Changed percentage thanks to /u/saint-yolo and realized there is a difference between percent increase and percent difference (although I was still way off on percent difference too). 




 If you can wait till March there is the Acer XB270HU.  It is an IPS panel instead of the TN that Asus is (I have the PG278Q and I can say hands down the worst thing about it is that it is a TN panel...color shifting is noticeable).

There is no price for it yet but I'd expect it to be competitive pricewise with Asus or a bit more expensive for the IPS panel.

http://www.tomshardware.com/news/acer-xb270hu-xg270hu-ips-g-sync,28299.html
 




 Damn...I got a PG278Q a month ago and while mine works fine (a tiny bit of light bleed but only noticeable on an all-black screen so not bad) I have found I REALLY am not a fan of TN panels.  That the PG278Q is a TN panel is by far its biggest drawback.  Sure it is 1ms but a good IPS panel can do just fine.

I notice distinct color shifting.  It is very distracting and very apparent and not cool at this price.

Also, while not a big deal, not happy they opted for an external power supply for the monitor.  Guess they wanted to maintain a thinner or more sleek overall appearance for the monitor but is that a real big deal to anyone?  Who would buy or not buy based on that?


That said G-SYNC is pretty damn cool and really nice.   




 $47 million in one month.  Yearly the state needs $6.2 billion and has a projected $436 million shortfall.  That is substantial.

 




 Sounds like the [Twin Paradox](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twin_paradox).  The solution is the person who accelerated breaks the symmetry.


 




 Not quite sure what you are asking but remember light, while fast, has a finite speed.  *Everything* you see is how those things were in the past.  For most things, such as stuff you see in the world around you, that time differential is so small as to make no difference.

But when you look into space the distances mean those time differentials are noticeable.

So yeah, if I was two light days from earth then I would see the earth as it was two days ago. If it exploded yesterday I would not know it till another day passed.
 




 Sure.

The expansion you are talking about would only delay or stop a gamma ray burst from reaching us that was formed further than our horizon (about [46.5 billion light years](http://scienceblogs.com/startswithabang/2013/03/01/how-big-is-our-observable-universe/)...yes that is older than the universe but since it is expanding our horizon is bigger/older than that...read the article).

Any gamma ray burst inside that horizon will eventually reach us.  Imagine Alpha Centauri blew up...we'd get the gamma ray burst big time.  Be glad it won't since such a thing would probably kill all life on earth.
 




 We can see things outside the event horizon of a black hole.  When a black hole pulls material in it tends to heat up...a lot.  As a result a "feeding" black hole can be quite bright.  The most exceptional examples of this are [Quasars](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quasar) which are exceptionally bright (brighter than whole galaxies).

Once material has passed the event horizon of the black hole then you will never see it again.

It is possible to orbit a black hole.  If our sun magically *poofed* into a black hole the earth would continue to orbit it same as it does now.  You can get an orbit for light outside the black hole too called the [photon sphere](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Photon_sphere).  It is a very unstable orbit for the photons though so mostly they will eventually fly away or fall into the black hole.
 




 To add the earth (and all the planets...the whole solar system) formed at the same time.  So the sun and Earth and Venus and Saturn, Etc. all formed at the same time.  




  Our signals will be (depending on orientation) be red or blue shifted and intrinsically our clocks will differ and accuse the other as slow.

But what does that mean?

Let's say I am flying away from earth at 99.999% the speed of light.  At that speed clocks on earth will run noticeably faster than clocks on my spaceship.  But because I am moving away at that speed the signals to me will be red shifted and data will appear to arrive more slowly.

With no fiddling and watching the raw data stream will I (on the space ship) see the video in fast forward, real time (normal speed) or slow-mo?
 




 I really enjoy his videos. Very well written and produced.

That said I think he could really benefit from an editor.  While I like his deep dives into these games there is room to tighten it up.  A good writer benefits from a good editor.  Noah is no different.  When I wonder why someone as good at this as he is doesn't have more subscribers the only conclusion is he lacks a good editor to tighten it up a bit.

Good editors are worth their weight in gold and most of the best writers any of us can think of have benefited from them.

Here is a quote from an excellent writer about one of the best writers ever that illustrates the point:

Oscar Wilde, and there have been few greater and more complete lords of language in the past thousand years, once included with a manuscript he was delivering to his publisher, a compliments slip in which hed scribbled the injunction, Ill leave you to tidy up the woulds and shoulds, wills and shalls, thats and whichs etc. 

~Stephen Fry

That is not to say Noah's grammar is bad but rather to note that editors were used and valued by some of the best writers of our time.
 




  Public shaming absolutely can work, but it adds bullshit to your own day. It is pointless, often overreached, and it's degree is born more often from the shamers current state of stress rather than the level of injustice.

Maybe, maybe not.  All things in proportion.

We live in a society.  That society exerts pressure on its members to conform to societal norms.  While it is popular to want to march to a different drummer it is also necessary that society has some agreed upon norms.  It must be that way else there is no society.

These rules are more important than ever when we are forced together in close proximity...REALLY close proximity.  You can be a crazy loon in the mountains all by yourself if you want.  You can't do it on a subway train.  

Mass transit is about as crammed in with your fellow man as you will find outside of a mosh pit.  For it to work some etiquette need apply.  There is no room for "I just gotta be me" on a crowded subway train.

Society punishing people who stray outside those lines in those circumstances is not inappropriate.  It is necessary.  It is how we manage to co-exist as a social species especially and particularly in circumstances like a crowded train. 




  It is more effort to place your items the way that he did if he knows that people will always come to take the seat. Assuming he did this with intention, he is banking on nobody being assertive. However, if you are consistently asked to move your stuff, you will likely eventually choose the easier path of putting your items in a spot under you.

Look at the picture again.

The item placement is not happenstance.  It is clearly calculated.  The luggage at the entrance is the dead-giveaway but there is more with the placement of his bags on the seats.

He is 100% telling others to not sit there, this is HIS space.  Space he does not have a claim to but is forcing others who might want to sit there to have to be confrontational to access.

You are being strangely lenient on someone who is going out of their way to inconvenience others. 




  How is that relevant if there are plenty of empty rows?

It is relevant that it is not your place to block off sections of seating all to yourself.

You get one seat to claim.  That's it.  That is all your ticket entitles you to.

Do you (or anyone) really have problems with people sitting next to you on an empty train?  I would say it almost never happens and if you manage to get the one weirdo in Chicago (where I live too) who sits next to you on an empty train car you can move.

No need to be a dick and block out "your space" which is manifestly not "your space".
 




 If you note in the OP he is taking space across from him as well as next to him.
 




 Well yeah but it is more like this:

There are plenty of empty seats but all of them are next to someone else.  You have to pick who to sit next to.  One person is manspreading to discourage people from sitting next to him.

So, picking that seat is not worse than picking any other seat and has the added bonus of letting that person know I chose to crowd them instead of someone else because they were being a dick.

That said though, looking at the picture in the OP, I might go sit next to that guy cuz blocking out that many seats that overtly and ostentatiously is a supreme dick move.

Also:

...when the train isn't full YET.

FWIW some seats truly are better than others at least where I am (partiularly now with the new and "improved" subway cars...the city worker that chose these new subway cars should be tarred and feathered but that is another discussion). 




 While this guy is taking up too much space, until he denies your request for a seat, then he has done nothing to deserve a vitriolic response.

But he has.

While I agree a confrontational first response is not called for or ideal you give the guy taking up the space too much leeway assuming he doesn't have it coming.  This is not someone who accidentally left a personal item next to him.  He is actively blocking multiple seats and doing so in an overt and unambiguous manner.

I too am a big city denizen and have also spent decades riding mass transit.  I encounter people like this with some regularity although never taking up that much room (to be fair I do more subway trains than commuter trains).  Manspreading is common with a close second being women putting a purse/bag next to them.

IF there is plenty of seating then I don't fuss and pick an empty seat.  But considering most of my riding is during rush hour commutes it will be seating that needs to be taken in VERY short order (usually a stop or two).  If I take an empty seat I have abetted the bad behavior and made someone else do the uncomfortable process of confronting the person to ask for a seat they should not have to ask for.

Bottom line is if you live in a city with mass transit you learn real fast that for it to work well there needs to be a modicum of politeness and accommodation for your fellow riders.  A politeness ALL riders need to observe.  It is stressful and not fun for anyone being crammed in mass transit.  No need to add more bullshit to the experience unnecessarily.  We're all in the same boat (or train or bus).

For that reason, assuming this is a train that will fill up, some level of public shaming is not amiss towards this person if only to educate them of proper mass transit etiquette. 




  Yeah what was it, $99? $75? at some points.

IIRC it was that expensive because they felt putting it out for early access at (say) $40 would have been unfair to the people who Kickstarted the project.

(I may be wrong though) 




 I agree about the batteries.

The main problem stopping most sci-fi-like tech from being real is limited power.  Batteries are freaking heavy.  I suppose the powered exoskeleton can help there but of course that takes a lot of power to run.  I'd be surprised if they could get even one hour of operation out of all that stuff with a man-portable power supply.

As for the hot helmet and hot armor one would assume the cooling system takes care of that but there you are again needing a lot of power to run it.

Not to mention a cooling system is hot in and of itself.  Camo is wasted on these guys since any dimestore IR detection will make them stand out like flares.
 




 But Nancy is just trying to think of the children here!

Hopefully tomorrow she'll call out swimming pools which kill nearly one child (ages 0-14) a day, every day, in the US (on average).

So far pools have got pot beat by a country mile when it comes to tragedies.  Surely Nancy won't let this scourge go by unnoticed!
 














 Politics mostly.  

Google needs to get permission from various state and municipal agencies to build out the infrastructure for their service.  The big cable companies have many of these politicians bought and paid for so they will block attempts by Google to enter the market.
 














 I had Guillan-Barre syndrome. The medicine for me was $13,000/bottle (IV drip thing) and I got one a day for several days.  




 More Chicago pride than state but yeah. 




 I guess it is a matter of degree.  Certainly doing things faster than your opponent will generally be helpful in any game (except turn-based).  But as you noted below AoE is not at the insane APM that Starcraft 2 is.

I have seen professional Starcraft players say that there is an upper age limit to being able to play Starcraft 2 competitively and it is around 25 years old.  After that age has literally made you too slow to play.

As someone over 25 I personally want no part of that (wouldn't have under 25 either).  I think a *strategy* game that relies on dexterity to win is missing the point.
 




 Any RTS that gets away from the APM mode of gameplay gets my vote and money.

Obviously a lot of people like Starcraft and its ilk and that's fine.  Personally I do not see how anyone would [find this fun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbpCLqryN-Q) but to each their own I guess.

I am thrilled at this return to the "old" style of RTS.  I missed it a lot. 




 Wouldn't this count as a form of bribery?  




 The short answer is they blow up.  Which is to say the stuff needed for the reaction is violently pushed apart.  As a result there is only a very narrow time window for the reaction to occur.

There are two types of nuclear weapons:

- Fission (Uranium/Plutonium bombs)
- Fusion (Hydrogen bombs)

It is worth noting that a hydrogen bomb has a fission bomb wrapped around the outside.

In both cases the trick is to mash things together at really high densities to make things work.  In the case of a fusion bomb the densities and energies needed are so high that you need a fission bomb around the outside to compress and heat the hydrogen enough to fuse.

Problem is when the reactions occur the forces start pushing out (that is the bomb's "*boom*").  As a result there is only a very small slice of time where the stuff going "*boom*" is in the right conditions to go "*boom*".

I forget the number but the amount of material in a nuclear bomb that actually undergoes fission/fusion is something like a few percent (2-4% of the material).  I am probably wrong on that number but it's close. 




 [Chinese city says pollution all due to ... bacon](http://www.marketwatch.com/story/chinese-city-says-pollution-all-due-to-bacon-2015-01-21) (you just can't make this shit up) 




  Yes

Actually the answer is: "It depends".

In this case it depends on the size of the black hole.  A "small" (read a few stellar masses) black hole will tear anything apart that even gets close.

However, for supermassive black holes (such as the ones at the center of most galaxies) the gravitational gradient at the event horizon is so low that it is quite possible you could pass the event horizon and not even know it (or at least you could certainly survive crossing the event horizon...just once inside you are doomed).
 




  The sound design is fantastic.

Second that.

If you have headphones that can do surround sound (either the headphones themselves OR a soundcard that can do simulated surround sound which works surprisingly well) then do yourself a favor and play with headphones on.  Can't stress this enough.  Really heightens the atmosphere.

Also turn the lights down in your room when playing.
 




 You aren't calling me wrong.  You are upset I didn't write as complete an essay on the internet as you'd like.

If you want a full lecture on American law go to college.  This is the internet.  If you are upset that I didn't cover every possible twist and turn that's your own lookout.  What I wrote is not misleading as it applies to states too.

It is entirely possible for you to take what I wrote and figure the rest out for yourself with minimal effort.  Stop being a pedant.
 




 Educate yourself. 

States have sovereign immunity too. 

 




  When I moved to the burbs I couldn't install a dish due to rental agreements or HOA etc.

You may be happy to know they cannot prevent you from installing a satellite dish per FCC regulations.

This may be one of the few instances where you can tell your HOA to fuck off which is always nice.

Section 207 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 required the Federal Communications Commission to issue rules prohibiting restrictions by zoning boards, homeowners' associations, and similar organizations that keep a viewer from getting video programming services with the DIRECTV System and other direct broadcast satellite dishes. [SOURCE](https://support.directv.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/132/~/my-city%2Fhomeowners-association-will-not-allow-me-to-install-a-satellite-dish.)

That said, before you do anything, it is best to check with a local attorney familiar with these kinds of rules.  Don't take legal advice from the internet. 




 I am pretty sure this would fall under [sovereign immunity](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sovereign_immunity_in_the_United_States).  In short you cannot sue the United States except in some very particular circumstances.

Furthermore, you have never been able to sue a government official for doing their job.  If you could sue a member of congress for every perceived slight that caused you harm (e.g. raised your taxes) they'd never get anything done.  There is always someone who gets the short end of the stick. 



















 Yes, it is literally curved as was proved in 1919 in an [experiment done by Arthur Eddington.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arthur_Eddington#Relativity)  He looked at stars near the sun during a solar eclipse and measured their position was shifted due to the light bending as it curved around the sun.

Since then the idea of [gravitational lensing](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravitational_lens) is well known and documented. 




 I have had DirecTV for about 7 years now and I will never, ever go back to cable if I can help it.  

- I personally think the picture is better which is to say I seem to get more...I dunno...artifacts and weirdness with cable.  The picture from DirecTV is reliably great (note I have a good, unobstructed line-of-sight for my dish).  It is also possible (though rare) to get 1080p shows.  My GFs cable can only do 1080i.

- The on-screen guide is light-years better than cable.  There is no comparison.  It looks better, is devoid of ads and intuitive.

- The service is outrageously good.  When I call I get a human within two minutes (usually faster).  What few problems I have had they resolve on the spot and always remotely (no need for a visit).  In fact, I called a year ago to see about upgrading my service.  I called on a Saturday afternoon.  They agreed to the upgrade which include a new, better DVR and a new dish.  They sent out a guy the next day (Sunday) to install it all.  Took a couple hours to get it all set up.  No charge.

- Superior equipment.  My DVR can now record six shows simultaneously off of one input (IIRC cable does two shows at once).  It also shares its recordings with all the other DVRs in the house (so you can play something recorded on the family room DVR in the bedroom and vice-versa).  The remote can work on RF instead of just IR (does both) so you can hide the unit in a cabinet or behind something and still control it.

Note some will complain that the picture goes out in bad weather.  While this is true it has to be really bad weather.  I live in Chicago which has no shortage or rainy/snowy shitty days and maybe twice a year do I experience the picture dropping out because of weather and only then for 5-10 minutes till the worst is passed.

My only complaint is I bought the gizmo that allows you to access your DVR from other devices via the internet so you can, in theory, watch your recorded shows anywhere.  Turns out the thing is horribly gimped in numerous ways.  Pretty much it is complete shit and a huge waste of money.  That said the thing is completely optional.

Other than that I love the service. 




 There is a misconception in the US that the rich pay more than their fair share (as a percentage of income).  While we do not have a "flat tax" the reality is something close to it.

Remember that while income tax is progressive many other taxes are regressive and we pay all sorts of taxes.  Consider a sales tax as an example.  Imagine we both pay $10 in sales tax on a purchase.  If you have $1000 to your name you just paid 1% of your money in taxes.  If I have $100 to my name I paid 10% of my money to taxes.

In the end it is a lot more equal than you might think *when all taxes are considered* with only the really poor getting a "good deal" on the tax front.

You can see the distribution [here](http://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/ezra-klein/files/2012/09/total-tax-bill-income.jpg) (from [this article](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2012/09/19/heres-why-the-47-percent-argument-is-an-abuse-of-tax-data/)).

TL;DR: Tax policy is not as unfair as many might have you think it is when *all taxes* are taken into consideration.  One side would have you think they are being ripped off but they are only pointing to one way the government collects money from its citizens.  That is misleading. 




 What fantasy?  There is a shortage.

The US spends more than it collects in taxes.  That is the definition of a shortage in tax revenue.

We can argue endlessly over how the money is spent and whether it is a good idea or not but it remains that we spend more than we have.
 




 Single player.
 




 One of the harder sauces, Hollandaise is an emulsion of egg yolk and liquid butter...

It doesn't have to be hard at all.

1 minute, foolproof hollandaise: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOWzVV_XrcM
 




 Gotta give her credit.  She didn't fuck around or dawdle over what to do or stand there saying "OMG!".  Without missing a beat she turned and sprinted downstairs to help the child.  Good on her.
 




 It is worth noting that it is against almost all ISP terms of service (TOS) to run a server from your home using their basic home connection packages.  

In practice they generally let you get away with it if you have a minor site and hardly anyone visits it (so good for personal use).  They can get pissy about it anytime they want though and if you get, say, a [Reddit Hug](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Reddit+Hug) you may very well find your service suspended.  

Also, there is a problem that most home PCs are connected to the internet using an address served by a DHCP server.  Short version is this means your address can change making it hard for people to find you.  One day they can, the next you seem to be gone.  You can get around this though using a dynamic DNS service (DDNS).

Of course the way the ISPs want you to do it to run a server from home is to buy that service from them.  Generally that is more expensive but it does come with the advantage that your upstream bandwidth will be a lot better than it is with a typical home service and that is something you want with a web server.
 

 




  Gamers just don't learn.

I would be really interested to see the age breakdown of people who bought this game.

I'd like to think the college-age and older gamers read the news and make more careful buying decisions because it's their hard earned and often limited entertainment budget at stake.  High-school and younger (generally) have less pressure to save or be careful with their entertainment money.  They don't (generally) need to make rent or buy food and so on.

Then again maybe gamers as a whole don't learn and there are many older gamers buying this stuff too.

Without data there is no way to say.  Would be interesting to see though.
 














 I am curious though:

Energy has gravity.  If I put the earth in a magic box and converted it to energy the gravitational effect would remain the same (the moon would stay in orbit).

A wound clock will weigh more than an unwound clock due to the energy present in the wound spring.

E=MC^2 says mass and energy are interchangeable.  Mass is energy, energy is mass.  Two sides of the same coin.

This thread on [The Straight Dope](http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/showthread.php?t=668912) talks about it some. 
 




 He's got a big grin on his face so keep doing whatever it is you're doing. 




 I haven't read all the responses here but seriously?

Here's the thing numbskulls...USB is an INTERFACE.  How you connect to a PC.  The tech behind the interface  could be anything.  You could hook-up a supercomputer to a USB port.  In fact they probably have a few.

So one can suppose she made some super dense, super high-tech, world changing info on something that looked like a USB stick BUT was in reality a hyperbigass-buttloadhuge-database-with-a-USB-interface-because-that-is-what-humans-use (might have been e-sata or something too).  Yeah might take years to move the data off but so what?  She had to deal with what we had at the time.

Lots of reasons to hate on that movie but this one is weak.

Edit to add: Before someone assumes a huge database cannot fit on a USB sized stick remember [this was a 5MB hard drive 60 years ago.](http://www.itworld.com/article/2767629/storage/first-hard-drive-anniversary.html)
 




 Nicki Minaj is known for her [wide hips](https://www.google.com/search?q=nicki+minaj biw=2560 bih=1329 tbm=isch tbo=u source=univ sa=X ei=RWKzVKihHoKSyAT7n4LgDA sqi=2 ved=0CI0BEIke#tbm=isch q=nicki+minaj+hips imgdii=_).  The woman in your photo has distinctly narrow hips.

Hips are a structural thing (i.e. not something you diet away) and the woman in your picture has narrow hips.  I doubt they can be the same woman.  It's a skeletal frame thing.

Maaaybe she grew monster hips after that photo but that would seem unlikely.  The woman in that photo is not that young (i.e. pre-pubescent or something).
 




 While the sheer size of these ships is remarkable enough I can get my head around it when they are on the open sea.

To me the really amazing part is how they ever manage to get one of these to a dock in one piece.  Clearly they do and do so a lot every day but still amazing.  You have a 100,000 tons of ship and waves and currents and wind yet put it right where you want it to be.  The tugboat guys/gals earn their salary (still not sure why port pilots are paid so well though). 




 Not very hard at all.  Was literally just tapping a pencil...maybe "hard" for tapping a pencil but still just a pencil.

There are certain spots which seem to not take much at all to be uncomfortable when hit even lightly.

You can test this yourself easily enough.  I *strongly* recommend you go very lightly at first. 




 Street legal? 




 Will the shutter speed adjust and slow down in low light conditions to allow more light to get in per frame?  (really asking) 




 Nah...that's overkill and probably illegal.

Just get yourself a [Marauder](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDoRmT0iRic).  Should do the trick nicely (I think the machine guns are optional). 




 I was in high school in a class and was absent-mindedly tapping my pencil on my thigh.  By accident I tapped my nuts with the pencil.  Boy was I surprised...took all the control I had to not yell out and had trouble breathing for a minute and it hurt for the rest of the class.
 




 Dunno why your 7970 sucks.  Mine works great.  Here are a few screenshots I took.  Not sure what my FPS was but I would guess around 50 or so.

- [Image 1](http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/541884168916062734/95264A523B10E7F102E9CCA0262B6D6B77EBD3C1/)
- [Image 2](http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/541884168903702843/9215681FBD2F84EE62405D8B1710FC066F294D51/)
- [Image 3](http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/541884168903697784/5774CA46AFF20AFDF1766C634F8F3635CF8E5F79/)
- [Image 4](http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/541884168798951754/09019B19449C7789AD022C381EDA217A03584B58/) 




 ...what she did is stupid...

If her goal is to make as much money as possible, as fast as possible, then this was a smart move on her part.  She is a rare artist who can manage this but in her unique (or nearly so) case making people buy her full priced albums is a better choice.

I have to say while I do not care for her music she has proven to be very savvy about managing her business (that or she has really bright people working for her and she listens to them or a bit of both).
 




 More than that...

If you outlaw extremism you just drive it underground and out of sight.  You do not get rid of it.

Vile as they are I'd rather have them out in the open where I can see them.
 




 I played it on a 7970 at 1920x1200 with no problems whatsoever too.  Had most settings maxed IIRC.  Looked and played great!
 









 Salma Hayek [dancing in the movie From Dusk Till Dawn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiCjUNI1GC0) (potentially NSFW) 




