 Just curious if this has happened to anyone. All of our other network devices are behaving just fine. Our echo just suddenly stopped responding.

How did you resolve? Just yank the cord and wait a few minutes? Did it come back on its own? Or did you have to re-setup your echo? 




 Sadly, they do. The one downside of the modern NRA is they have been hellaciously defiant when it comes to any legislation that would enforce any sort of training requirements for gun owners. So there are a ton of folks who get robbed, buy a gun, load up a magazine, and put it in their closet where it sits for years until they need it next. Sadly if they ever try to use it, the barrel is so clogged with dust that it misfires, or worse. 




 For inside a residence? I would recommend either a low/mid gauge shotgun (16 or 20ga should be fine for inside a home), or a mid caliber pistol. We have a single 9mm with JHP cartridges for my wife and I in case of emergencies (whether the human or animal kind).

You want to stay far away from full metal jacket cartridges at all cost for home defense. If a shot gets fired, FMJ bullets can pass through the target, into and through a wall, and into the adjoining home potentially hitting anyone on the other side. JHP will mushroom and either get embedded in the target or at the very least lose so much kinetic energy that it can't travel through the wall.

Note, whether or not JHP cartridges are legal varies by state. I know that in New Jersey, home defense rounds (JHP that have notches cut into them) are illegal, but in PA they are legal. 




 Thanks for pointing this out. I sent in a suggestion to be able to request stock ticker information, and maybe a portfolio summary. It would be great to say, "Alexa, what is the current stock price of GOOG" and get a response like "The current stock price of GOOG, google, is 500 dollars and 75 cents, up 50 cents from the opening bell." 




 We use it constantly, and honestly I would say it's worth even 200$ now that the wife and I have made it part of our workflow. We use it constantly.

* Bluetooth speaker for our phones
* Shopping list - my wife and I are cooking geeks, and you always realize you are out of something when you are in the middle of cooking. The problem is that doesn't always mean you have a chance to write it down. It's extremely easy to just say "Alexa, add smoked paprika to the shopping list" when your hands are occupied.
* Todo list - this is awesome. If we find a small issue with the house, just throw it on there and then we have a hitlist for the weekend
* Time functions - being able to ask the time, set timers, and set alarms is awesome. The only improvement I could think of would be if you could create multiple timers (alexa, add a 30 minute timer for beef, alexa add a 10 minute timer for bread). Usually when we are cooking we have 4-5 different dishes going at once, and trying to remember what device is the timer for what dish can be a little complicated.
* Radio replacement - We used it to remove a clunky old under-cabinet radio that was PITA. Between tunein and iheartradio we have access to all of our local radio stations in perfect clarity, PLUS we have the ability to use pandora which is awesome. I wish there was better spotify integration though.
* Home automation - After fixing some hokey wiring done by the previous homeowner, I realized that several rooms of ours were daisy-chained out of a single 1-gang electrical box. Fixing the issue to bring it to code meant that I effectively cut power to light fixtures in 2 rooms. I have since put in lamps in those rooms using WeMo switches - Alexa is wonderful for controlling them (especially after their firmware was updated). The biggest improvement here would be a wider range of support (hello nest!), and it would be REALLY awesome if they would release a remote that had a speaker built into it.

Worth the price at 99? HELL YES. Worth it at 150? Sure. Worth it at 200? If you are willing to change your personal workflow around a little to take complete advantage of the echo, totally! Otherwise, get in early for the lower price. 




 I did that a few days ago because I thought it was a pile of spinmetal for 10 marks. I was not amused when I had it reversed. Thankfully I only lost 10 marks from it.

I would have reached out to someone at Bungie but there is still no decent customer support for something I paid $80 for, just suggestions to post on their forum where you will promptly be ignored by their staff. 




 DNRTFA.

Pork. Pigs are kind of a big deal on the east coast, and Pennsylvania has a ton of pig processing plants. So, it's not only really affordable, but plentiful and quite delicious. 

This is followed closely by lamb, and everything else. 




 Yup, I meant speaker. Crap. 




 Oh my god, this is the best things I have seen all week! Thank you!! 




 This may sound bizarre, but are you located in California? A friend of mine posted a status on facebook that they heard a small child screaming for a protracted period of time that "I want to die!" over and over. The timing between her post and your post is just too perfect not to ask. 




 Pretty simple question I hope. I need to create a part, but I don't have access to a 3d printer. This is a rather rare instance for me, so it is hard to justify buying a printer for one small part.

Are there any decent, cheap companies that can print a part for me if I send them the file? Specifically, I need a liner for a plant pot created because a decorative planter doesn't have any drainage holes, and no off-the-shelf pots fit the planter, so it would need to be foodsafe plastic. 




 It does, so you would lean towards the 75/25 allocation instead of pure 50/50 based on the current market conditions. 




 There are bond funds out there, most of the major mutual fund companies offer them. Be aware though, they tend to have higher fee schedules than stock funds for some reason (maybe someone out there knows why). I personally participate in the Mellon Aggregate Bond Fund. 




 The basics never change, and the markets still operate more or less the same way. 




 As for allocation, check out the book "The Intelligent Investor" by Ben Graham - it discusses ideal composition of portfolios re: bonds and stocks. Basically in an ideal world you would have 50/50, going so far as 75/25 in either direction based on market conditions. You make slightly less money off of it, but you also greatly reduce risk exposure if one market tanks. 




 Golly, that was his house? It looks beautiful, but it's not hard to see why he passed away penniless. He only really had one literary success - Fitzgerald was broke most of his life, I would have expected to see more modest accommodations. 




 What were your biggest learnings from the whole process? How well were you able to predict when you'd be able to conceive? Were there any major surprises you had never thought about? Are there any major pitfalls that need to be avoided? Are there any "really good ideas" that you wish you had known? 




 This is anecdoctal so take it for what it is. The day I got my driver's license (literally), I was driving home when some idiot tore past me on the highway. I heard sirens in that same lane, and I turned to look. Being a brand new driver, as I turned, my car started to veer into the other lane in the direction I was looking. Coming up fast behind me in that lane was a local cop who had been chasing that car. He slammed on his breaks,  threw up his hands, and waved to pull me over. He realized I just got my license and made a stupid new driver mistake and basically told me that I needed to practice looking around while I was driving because it could literally get me killed. No citation or anything, he just told me to be more careful and get some more practice time in.

About 5 years later I got busted in a speed trap in a little podunk town in rural northern PA. The officer asked me if I had ever been pulled over for speeding, to which I responded no. He came back to my car a few minutes later and asked why I hadn't mentioned having been pulled over for speeding. I didn't know what he was talking about, so I asked him if he could be more specific. Apparently the original officer who had pulled me over the day I got my license had put down "speeding" in whatever database they use to keep track of stuff. I explained what happened - no idea if he believed me or not.

So, at least in PA, based on my experience there is SOME amount of information sharing that goes on at a state-wide level because I have been questions about it. I am not a cop though, so I'm not sure how much is logged/kept on file. This was after a gap of about 8 years. 




 *I feel like chicken tonight, like chicken tonight!* 









 I was doing an earth patrol bounty over the weekend with my lvl 24 toon. Running through the first building you encounter in Old Russia, where you encounter the game's first boss, and suddenly, I am dead. I am dead after being cut down by a level ?? "Queen's Speaker" or something like that. I revive and try again. Again, 1-shotted.

Finally I realize I have to simply run like hell and get through the room as fast as possible and hope I don't get clubbed in the back.

It seems a little crazy they'd put that in the middle of a level 4 patrol! 




 As someone who grew up around deer, I'd have to disagree. Weight-wise you would be ok, the problem is that deer has spent her life learning how to use those hooves as nasty weapons, and you have NOT trained for dealing with that. I've seen huge guys get fucked up by smaller deer than that (idiots who thought they could lasso a deer). 




 Ever since? Try criticizing some, any, aspect of gameplay or how Bungie has operated and the elitism should be painfully apparent, even here on reddit.

Edit: Rated down, there's a shock. Thanks for proving my point. 




 Yeah but in last wish even the short stories are broken up into tiny chapters. Average maybe 10 pages. Vlood of elves is around 50 to 75 pages. 




 My favorite part of last wish was how small and fast everything is to read. It makes it really easy to read a chapter or two before bed. Blood of Elves is so much more chatty at times it can be hard to stick with. 




 Or in the book series. 




 In the US, in many areas it is also the only way to get the point. 




 That cut would run me 60$.
Fml. 




 We are all hunks of meat that will one day be eaten, and most of us won't have the benefit of being turned into a wonderful dish. It's not grotesque, it's beautiful. 




 They will have a hard time maintaining it with no budget though. 




 At first I thought this was going to go the "Jurassic Bark" direction, and it kinda did. But at least it worked out bittersweetly. 




 One of the most beautiful countries I have ever been to. It is where my wife and I want to retire. 




 So I would assume you vould use a mortar and pestle?  




 I was selected by the rotary exchange program to be an exchange student in Japan. My parents couldn't afford to let me go. They handed the placement to someone else who could afford it. 




 It seems like it would have to be because it warns others and can summon help. 

Being wounded AND drawing attention to yourself would seem to be a surefire way of getting eaten in the wild otherwise. 




 For some reason this reminded me of this photo:
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a2/Graf_met_de_handjes1.JPG/768px-Graf_met_de_handjes1.JPG

Story: Catholic/protestant couple couldn't be buried together in the same graveyard because of silly religious reasons. 




 Just to add on to this - try to keep the guitars the same size. I switch back and forth between a fender strat, a kremona f65c classical, and a mini martin. It is nigh impossible for me to play the mini martin clearly because of the smaller scale. 




 But having ribs removed and major breast augments do! 




 Amazon mechanical turk and /r/hitsworthturkingfor 




 Correction, he was on the track for 4, they start at age 2. We got him 1 month off the track at age 6. 




 Performance bike should start having sales around august and september. 




 Yeah, ours can't handle it anywhere. When he was younger a thundershirt helped but anymore nothing seems to work. We have carpet runners through most of the house now, and even that can freak him out when he is feeling picky :( 




 Yeah, sadly it doesn't work anymore. I ended up caving and getting GP5. 




 There are a lot of industry apologists in here so I will probably get downvoted to hell, but most greyhounds in the US are treated as commodities,  with some states (specifically Kansas) going so far as to exclude greyhounds from the legal definition of "dog" so as not to be covered by animal protection laws. This is the result of the people who farm and own the hounds lobbying for it, which I think speaks for itself. 




 I picked up nylon string thanks to Rodrigo and Gabriela,  Willie Nelson, Segovia, and Andrew York.

I love fingerstyle, and I figured it was the best way to learn. Sadly I now feel extremely uncomfortable using a pick instead of fingers :)

I picked up a guitar  (Kremona F65C) and booked lessons with our neighbor (who happens to be a Segovia trained guitarist - talk about lucky!). He had me pick up the Christopher Parkening method books and we have been working through that along with learning things like composition and travis picking.

I feel like steel string and electric can be pretty well learned on your own, but classical really requires a teacher, even if just as an occasional check in. 




 We have an adopted greyhound, who was on the track for 6 years. He has a ton of issues because of it. Not the least of which is absolute terror of shiny floors. 




 "Love on the Rocks with No Ice" by the Darkness 




 McConnell stated that if he went past midnight it would have screwed up the schedule bu pushing friday vote and discussion out a day, and the house adjourns friday. The discussion for the NSA spyung stuff was also scheduled for friday. So if he went to migbight the program is effectively killed. Per CNN. 




 Why the hell would he leave it with 11 minutes left? Why not go to 12 and kill this thing? 




 We are actually really REALLY lucky to have a ton of limestone in our area, which leads to tons of small naturally filtered springs. If I was scooping out of a river I'd absolutely filter. But most of the documented springs in our area (SE PA) are safe to drink from directly. 




 Basically just what the title says. I got home and somehow got in a really really shitty mood. I figured practicing might help to relax me a bit, but I just couldn't get myself to relax. Because of it, trying to play anything felt like banging my head on a wall. Not only didn't I make progress, but I feel like some stuff I could play well before I just sucked at tonight. That just made me more frustrated, and I found myself in a downward spiral.

When I found myself about to smack my classical guitar out of frustration, it was time to call it quits for the night.

Are there some nights that are just "toxic"? What do you do? Do you just walk away for a day? Can they actually screw up your progress? 




 Or Contra. Or COINTELPRO. 




 It is, but not with the other mixer ingredients mentioned above. You can clean a wound with whiskey, its a lot harder to clean it with a pia colata :) 




 Except the water can be used for any number of things outside of alcohol. If you only take alcohol premixed youre kinda screwed if you need to, say, clean a wound or give a dog some water.

As for hiking, most trails I have been on have a bunch of natural springs that are safe to drink from so you may not necessarily take extra water in with you. 




 Out of curiousity, if it appears that the HOA is maliciously prosecuting someone and evidence can be obtained, couldn't the HOA be sued for harassment? 




 I like pineapple on my pizza, and am quite well to do. Bring it, Coonty McTittiepants. 




 God damn, it's picture series like this that make me love this sub so much. I'm so glad she found you guys! She's beautiful! 




 Shhhh, you'll blow our cover! 




 Dollar cost averaging my friend. Set aside a few bucks out of each paycheck and just keep buying. In the end you have a nice low cost basis (you will buy more when prices are low and less when prices are high automatically). 




 Network R D engineering for a major telecom. My name is on several IETF RFC's and I actively participate with several of their working groups.

I started out in college as a computer science/psychology dual major, but I couldn't work 2 jobs and still meet the required number of hours so I had to drop the CS major and become a psych major (I could get A's in psych just doing the reading).

The entire time I was in school I was doing technical work - network engineering, systems engineering for the school, hell, even help desk. Luckily this is one of the few arenas where companies are more often concerned about experience and technical certs than they always are about degrees (so long as you have one). 




 For my wife, it adds that plus horrendous nausea. I haven't seen a 3d movie for nearly a decade :( 




 Sadly that only works until the next administration comes into power, says that your department hasn't done anything to stop piracy, and fires all of you. They then hire people to do the exact same job and be just as unsuccessful. 




 It's not that much more difficult. It's essentially switching a few DNS records. 




 That's extremely difficult for them to do the way that safe harbor provisions are written currently. 




 Lehigh Valley here, though I was in Lancaster 2 weeks ago. 




 I have a liberal arts psychology degree. I work as an engineer. Life is full of interesting twists. 




 To add to this - some of us have SO's who are allergic, and live in areas with ordinances against hives (considered agricultural animals in this context) so we can't have them. However, as suggested, apiary societies are amazing. Become friends with a local beekeeper - they get some cash for their time, you get the honey, and bees get another colony to help keep them going. 




 We are both 31 - not sure if you'll see this because automoderator deleted the thread. 




 In the game of garbage collection, you win or you become a hoarder. 




 After some success with growing basil, parsley and lettuce indoors under 6500k bulbs I would like to start augmenting my home growing system. Howeber I am unsure about the way to proceed. There are a lot of ways I could go - ebb flow, aeroponics, drip, etc. I haven't really found a good text that summarizes all of the different systems and provides info on how to build them.

Can anyone point me in a good direction? 




 Superbly done. I have never been able to get them perfectly round, not that I haven't tried (I just don't want to buy a pan, and trying to fill a circular template isn't always exact). I just figure my amoebae shaped macarons look homemade, lol.

They look gorgeous! 




 Honest questions from someone who was pretty disgusted after completing the vanilla story mode.

First, I have no friends on PSN, is there finally decent matchmaking? Or at least a way to easily communicate with other players to find people trying to do the same thing? Or am I still expected to exit the game and rely on PSN messages in the middle of a firefight?

Second, has Bungie provided any decent means of support? I was having major issues and kept getting directed to post on their forum - where issues went to die without ever seeing a response. I paid for a product, I expect support. 




 I have a very early edition of the Boston Cookery School Cookbook (what would become fannie farmer cookbook in later editions). When I bought it there was a lovely postcard from a visiting family to their hosts. Postmarked 1910. I now have It framed. 




 This reminds me of the veggie sandwich at 5 Guys Burgers. Kinda proves that you don't always need meat and cheese :) 




 GOD DAMN SINGLE PLY 




 That's really all you get out of it? I use my echo constantly. 




 Next time don't stick your dick in crazy.

This is a rule for you to live by. No one has the right to assault you. You are better than that. 




 Pay off mortgage and student loans, invest half in mutual funds, the other half in high dividend yield closed end funds and live off dividends. 




 We picked up a single WeMo switch, attached to a den lamp. The device is entitled "den lamp" and was added to the group "den lights". If I use the WeMo app and then try and use the Echo, it works just fine.

However if I wait an hour or two and then say "Alexa, turn off the den lamp" or "turn off the den lights" she responds "OK" and that's it. Nothing happens. The light stays on.

Is anyone else encountering this? 




 Welcome to the waiting list with the rest of us :) The only downside about the echo - lots and lots of waiting! It's like the disneyworld of the technology arena :) Mine arrived and I also started looking for SDK access, but now I'm on that waiting list! 




 Pip meets Miss Havisham, from Great Expectations. Sorry for the length.

This was very uncomfortable, and I was half afraid. However, the only thing to be done being to knock at the door, I knocked, and was told from within to enter. I entered, therefore, and found myself in a pretty large room, well lighted with wax candles. No glimpse of daylight was to be seen in it. It was a dressing-room, as I supposed from the furniture, though much of it was of forms and uses then quite unknown to me. But prominent in it was a draped table with a gilded looking-glass, and that I made out at first sight to be a fine lady's dressing-table.

Whether I should have made out this object so soon if there had been no fine lady sitting at it, I cannot say. In an arm-chair, with an elbow resting on the table and her head leaning on that hand, sat the strangest lady I have ever seen, or shall ever see.

She was dressed in rich materials,satins, and lace, and silks,all of white. Her shoes were white. And she had a long white veil dependent from her hair, and she had bridal flowers in her hair, but her hair was white. Some bright jewels sparkled on her neck and on her hands, and some other jewels lay sparkling on the table. Dresses, less splendid than the dress she wore, and half-packed trunks, were scattered about. She had not quite finished dressing, for she had but one shoe on,the other was on the table near her hand,her veil was but half arranged, her watch and chain were not put on, and some lace for her bosom lay with those trinkets, and with her handkerchief, and gloves, and some flowers, and a Prayer-Book all confusedly heaped about the looking-glass.

It was not in the first few moments that I saw all these things, though I saw more of them in the first moments than might be supposed. But I saw that everything within my view which ought to be white, had been white long ago, and had lost its lustre and was faded and yellow. I saw that the bride within the bridal dress had withered like the dress, and like the flowers, and had no brightness left but the brightness of her sunken eyes. I saw that the dress had been put upon the rounded figure of a young woman, and that the figure upon which it now hung loose had shrunk to skin and bone. Once, I had been taken to see some ghastly waxwork at the Fair, representing I know not what impossible personage lying in state. Once, I had been taken to one of our old marsh churches to see a skeleton in the ashes of a rich dress that had been dug out of a vault under the church pavement. Now, waxwork and skeleton seemed to have dark eyes that moved and looked at me. I should have cried out, if I could.

"Who is it?" said the lady at the table.

"Pip, ma'am."

"Pip?"

"Mr. Pumblechook's boy, ma'am. Cometo play."

"Come nearer; let me look at you. Come close."

It was when I stood before her, avoiding her eyes, that I took note of the surrounding objects in detail, and saw that her watch had stopped at twenty minutes to nine, and that a clock in the room had stopped at twenty minutes to nine.

"Look at me," said Miss Havisham. "You are not afraid of a woman who has never seen the sun since you were born?"

I regret to state that I was not afraid of telling the enormous lie comprehended in the answer "No."

"Do you know what I touch here?" she said, laying her hands, one upon the other, on her left side.

"Yes, ma'am." (It made me think of the young man.)

"What do I touch?"

"Your heart."

"Broken!"

She uttered the word with an eager look, and with strong emphasis, and with a weird smile that had a kind of boast in it. Afterwards she kept her hands there for a little while, and slowly took them away as if they were heavy. 




 I bet it would be good braised, shredded, and put in tacos or burritos 




 Northeastern US - we say "sodder" 




 From the thumbnail I thought this was a pie.

It is definitely not a pie. 




 I pay 25$/week to take lessons and don't consider it high at all. 




 It isn't an embedded device, it's a computer.  Not the same thing. 




 They'll have to hold off before getting a heart tattoo. Heart tattoos hurt like 10 bitches on a bitch stick anyways. 




 Unless you're a car salesman/mechanic/clerk at one of those dealerships. Or an owner of one of those dealerships. It probably sucks a lot for those guys. But hey, dinosaurs will die. 




 I an app in mind. First, my wife and I have a hell of a time figuring out where to eat on date nights. I want to register restaurants with Alexa, and when we can't decide, be able to ask her for a random item off the list.

I have some other ideas in mind, but that's the one I think would be most fun. 




 Honestly, I would suggest you start learning some music theory in addition to Rocksmith at this point. Justinguitar offers an awesome book on music theory for guitarists, and learning that will give you mastery of not only the fretboard, but knowledge of how chords and scales work and how they're created.

The way I look at it, Rocksmith teaches you to play songs on guitar, it doesn't teach you guitar or how to play guitar - it's a subtle but important difference. It's a great tool but it can't do everything. 




 I applied to be a developer yesterday because I have some app ideas that I'd like to figure out how to implement, but haven't gotten a response yet.

Has anyone gotten an invite yet? How can you share apps once they are developed? 




 Such a shame. I'm glad I got one last visit in last week. Thankfully everyone got out in time and there weren't any injuries... way easier to rebuild buildings than people. 




 If it is easy, why don't you open a silkscreening business? I mean, it's easy to put down someone else's work as easy when you aren't the one doing it. 




 Note: you may not have success with southeast-Asian foreigners. Chewing with mouths closed is largely a western thing.

Source: used to work for a Korean company and spent a fair bit of time in Korea. 




 Dog was fed first?


Burn in righteous fire. 




 I actually am a r d engineer in the tech industry, at a reviled "evil" corporation that relied on vendor lock-in. So I am extremely familiar with how it works from both perspectives. That negative sentiment builds up like grain dust. Think it doesn't matter? Look at the Comcast/TWC merger which was brought down largely because of customer sentiment.

Your line of thinking is traditionally correct, and would have been correct about 10, maybe even 5 years ago. Hell it is correct just about everywhere except the tech arena, so please don't think I'm saying you're wrong. But it doesn't work as well with the modern tech industry landscape. The industry on the whole is moving towards an "internet of things" model, relying on lots of easily accessible api-driven services.

Fighting that tide has very real tangible costs. Support calls require paid support staff to field all of those "how do I get X to work!?" questions (in my industry a call costs anywhere from 8 to 10 dollars between payroll and fallout). When you tell a customer something can't work with your product, their initial reaction will be to think your product is crap. They will then look at your competitors to see if they work with it. Your competitors capitalize on your bad decision by marketing all of the services they do allow interoperability with and slinging some mud about how you are dated and noncompetitive. You start bleeding out customers, and end up losing a large number of them to a small company that used an open approach from the beginning because customers want freedom to use what they want and that company understood it.

At this point you sorely regret your decision to force your customers to play in a sandbox instead of taking an open approach and leveraging current technology to its fullest, all necause you wanted to squeeze a few months of profit instead of building a platform for a lifetime of revenue.

I wish I could say I was unfamiliar with this, but I have lived through it.

The traditional business model fails terribly time and again in the tech world. Look at Roku and OpenStack are both great examples. It especially fails when other competitors exist because they will gladly brutalize one another, and they do. Siri, Cortana, and Google Now are all competitors in the same niche, albiet slightly different. Why would any company want to give customers a reason to go to the competition? 




 Give a fuck about what? Wanna go ride bikes??? 




 I dont think anyone is expecting accuracy beyond a ballpark figure. I am well aware I need an appraisal to find out the real number. 

My concern is more that something caused the value to plummet 35k according to their estimate, and I am wondering what could have done that (their algorithm isnt published). 




 My issue is getting rid of pmi, which is based on current home value whether or not I am selling. 




 My issue is getting rid of pmi, which is based on current home value whether or not I am selling. 




 To be fair, reduce does not mean the same thing as eliminate. You still are coating your throat and lungs in oil, and pulling particulate matter (stuff that can pass your screen, if you have one). You may also get some minor exposure to combustion byproducts if your vape has a hotspot.

I can corroborate OP's experience (at least part way). Regular vaping causes my throat and lungs to feel "off" - there's something there making them dirty. Enough that I occasionally try to cough it out.

However unlike smoking I can still train for running while regularly vaping. I don't seem to have the same issue with lung capacity or if I do it is so minor that training compensates for any loss. 

I use about .08g/day with either a MFLB or arizer solo. I have an orbiter water piece but only use it with the solo and not the mflb. 




 Hopefully this is the right place to ask. In November 2011 my wife and I bought our house. 

In 2013 our neighbors had the idea to sell their home and move into an apartment to save money.  Their house never sold, and as of a few days ago notice got posted on their door that the house was in foreclosure and up for sheriff's sale.

Looking at the zillow estimate, around midway through 2013 our home value dropped from 195k (the professionally appraised value) down to about 160k and is slowly crawling back up.

The only things we did were remove an above ground pool and add fill/sod, and replace the oil heater with a far more efficient one.

Did the neighbors going into foreclosure smack us? Was it because we removed the pool? Is the zillow estimate completely wrong? I am asking because we want to get rid of pmi but the dropping home value is making it a moving target, and our mortgage company demands we pay for an appraisal to have it removed early. If we pay for an appraisal and it IS down to 160k in value, not only are we screwed on pmi but we are out the cost of the appraisal.  




 Reading horror stories like this makes me feel like the only safe way to sell on ebay is to be a lawyer who can threaten a lawsuit and negative publicity and actually follow through without a huge personal cost. 




 I was under the impression this was up to the state? 




 Can confirm. In PA your boss can fire you for being anything but straight. 




 Heat should have done this for you. Gay-Lussac's Law states that as temperature increases, pressure increases. Throwing it in the oven upside down and cranking the heat should be enough to pop it out. 




 There is an unofficial API, but leveraging something like that for a product is really not a great idea. It's kind of odd because it seems very un-google-y. 




  I'm picturing the Echo team cringing at these words.

And I'm picturing users not caring. A user doesn't care about business objectives - they care about user experience. And ultimately, Amazon is asking users to vote for them with their dollars. When a company starts diminishing user experience and making excuses about trying to contain the user in their ecosystem, users rebel. It's such an outmoded way of thinking in today's tech world. Remember when IOS pulled out google maps and replaced it with their inferior product? Google announced a separate maps app, users flocked to it, and ios maps got torn apart for being shitty in comparison to google maps. The only way to make it work is to offer a truly superior service to other available options.

And I'd argue that Siri and Cortana are both direct competitors, with the additional capability of being mobile. I can ask siri to add a timer, to add a todo list item, and more. 

As mentioned in other posts, what will really set this apart is not trying to limit users, but enabling as many API's as possible. 




 As of now the wife and I both have the echo app installed. We are aiming to use this as a replacement for an ugly old clockradio in our kitchen that has the ability to set timers and create our shopping list (for now). Also, checking traffic, news, and weather would be helpful.

I've gone through tunein and iheartradio and added all of our local stations. Does Alexa to know to check both of them when I ask her to play a station?

Can my wife and I both set up traffic reports? Does Alexa know whether it is my wife or I asking her who needs the traffic report, or do I have to log into the app every time a different one of us needs a traffic report? From what I am reading I need to open the app, enter a destination address, and then it will tell me a traffic report. However, my wife and I work in completely different directions so the traffic report would be completely different between both of us. It sounds like we would need to log in, switch the destination to one of our workplaces, and then ask questions (honestly kind of a PITA)

I am assuming this also only works with a single prime account, and not separate prime accounts, right? 




 Looks wonderful except for the fruits and vegetables. This is 'Murica. We don't eat foods that can't give diabetes.  




 If you like it, try to track down episodes of "Heston's Great British Food". There is a lot of similarities. Heston owns several restaurants including the Fatted Duck which has several times been crowned the "best restaurant on Earth".

The show has him choosing a dish or style of dish, analyzing its history and cultural importance to the UK, and then completely reinterpreting the dish in amazing ways. It's a super cool show! 




 This reminded me of a time when I was in college. I was finishing a law internship and had come back home before I went to my biology class to take an exam.

I railed about .75g and felt absolutely 100% confident that I was going to rock the test's world. I answered every question with awesome responses. I handed it in and awaited my A.

Most disappointing failing grade I ever got.

Cocaine makes you feel like you can do anything, and are amazing at everything you do. Other than that, it doesn't make you feel much. And then when it wears off you have to deal with the consequences of coming down and realizing that half the stuff you tried you failed horribly at.

It started with going to a buddy's house and trying a line. Other than feeling a little reassured it wouldn't kill me, I was very underwhelmed. So I did another line. I was still underwhelmed. So I did another line... and so on. I never found it nearly as rewarding as say, mushrooms, ecstasy, or pot. I also saw it turn some folks I cared about into monsters of people. Stealing from me, having hallucinations, punching holes in walls, literally acting like they were schizophrenic, dropping their panties for anyone who happened to be around at the right time. It was bad.

College was a hell of a time. 




 SOUR DIESEL DANK MELTS TRUCKERS 




 Honestly, if they set off something that went boom outside the building, I'd think you could very likely damage the disks anyway (write arms aren't the toughest thing while they are reading  a rotating platter, and a percussion wave wouldn't be too friendly to them).

I'm actually kinda curious if that has been tested. 




 That looks wonderful, and I'm jealous!
Every time I've tried to make brisket flat I've had some weird issue pop up. The first time, I couldn't get my smoker to temp properly (it kept spiking). The second, my probe thermometer's probe malfunctioned and kept giving readings about 20 degrees below where temp actually was. Needless to say, the brisket was cardboard. Lessons learned :) Great work! Especially for your first time out! 




 Drop a piece of meat into hot oil and watch the oil temp. A fall of anywhere from 10 to 50 degrees can and will happen. The cast iron heat retention absolutely helps minimize that. 




 This. A Dutch oven and a candy thermometer is all you need, and its a fraction of the price of a normal fryer. It doesn't necessarily have to be ceramic/enamel coated either. 




 They don't have any oil. 




 Classical guitarist. Can confirm. 




 Sadly there is no legal benchmark for the burden of proof that has been set. And you can bet that bank will send a ton of witnesses to represent their side at a bankruptcy hearing with the express goal of proving you can afford to pay off their loan. That's why getting student loans removed never happens. 




 Depends who signed the loan. If it was signed by his parents only it technically isn't his responsibility. If his folks died, it would have to be paid off by the estate. The bank may try to trick him into thinking it is his issue but it legally wouldn't be.

If he signed the loan as well, the loan is his too. If his parents die, it goes to him. And depending on the terms of the loan it could be due in its entirety immediately.  




 First, don't use quotes. It's not hyperbole. 

She did have it backed up. On an external drive. Which was stolen by the burglar, along with a $24,000 custom saxophone, a laptop with a ton of her compositions, an ipad, a guitar, and several other items.

If you read the TOS, you are purchasing a license to the music, not the file itself. Which means there was nothing blocking Amazon from providing a second copy. They simply refused to do so, despite our attorney pointing this out to them when he presented them with a copy of the police report.

At the time, all other music services of the same ilk allowed for re-downloading of lost music. Amazon was several years behind the competition in this way, and only within the last 2 years provided the ability to re-download purchased music.

Their product and their customer service simply sucked at the worst possible time, and it was absolutely the last thing we needed to deal with after having our lives flipped upside down. 




 Sorry OP, I perfer guitars from Fenver. 




 I wish my wife did this. Every damn day: "where is my phone!?" "Oh shit I can't find my wallet!" "I really hope my keys are in your car!"

I just don't get it. 




 One is training to become an architect, the second is training to become a film director. She's actually fairly well known internationally thanks to some short film she's done 




 You should do yourself a favor and google "[bread and circuses](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bread_and_circuses)". Basically as empires pass their prime, lower socioeconomic class people become far more interested in selfish things - "What can I do to make sure I eat and am entertained?" The ruling classes appease the people with those things, and public participation in politics wanes.
They don't have a vested interest in government because they're essentially left out of it, and their needs are met. So why vote, right? This walks hand-in-hand with financialization (the movement toward income inequality as money is concentrated more and more in the wealthiest socioeconomic classes). It's also a very good reason why the citizens united decision was absolutely idiotic and shows that, despite their intellogence, the supreme court justices apparently aren't very good at history.

Folks basically stop caring. It happened in Greece, it happened in Rome, and it is happening now in the US. Its easy to see in action too: Ask your average American who their representatives and senators are and see what response you get. Ask them who the players are on their favorite sports team and compare the results. 




 I agree. Other than prime I dont use the amazon ecosystem. Amazon's fault too... my wife is a music teacher, and had spend several thousand dollars on the amazon music store for mp3s. Her laptop got stolen when our house was robbed and Amazon basically told her to piss off and couldn't provide the downloads a second time (this has since changed,  but sadly she had to rebuy a lot of her music until amazon got its head out of its ass). I've tried to avoid many of their services ever since.

I'd also prefer google's ecosystem. 




 I have a gas card that my wife and I both use to pay for gas and occasional expenses. The limit is $1200, and most months we take it up to about $1000. 

We pay the statement balance every month. Does utilizing that much of the credit line hurt my credit score? I have several other cards but this is the only one that is used heavily. 




 On the upside, every Moldovan woman I have ever met is gorgeous, so your country has that going for it, which is nice.

Then again my friends in Moldova are all well off enough to take yearly trips to the US. 




 This reminds me of the worst date I ever went on. Things were going awesome with this REALLY pretty girl. We went hiking in the morning/afternoon, ended up playing games with some handicapped kids, etc. It was a great start.

Then we went out for drinks. Holy hell it was like I went on to a minefield. 

Me: "So you moved back here from California?" 

Her: "Yeah, I had to give up my dream to help out my family." 

Me: "Oh my god, I'm so sorry! Are you at least close to your family??" 

Her: "Yeah, you get close when your house burns down." 

Me: "Uh, wow, that's a really shitty stream of luck. At least you guys have eachother right?" 

Her: "Well we did. My dad just died a few days ago."

Me: "Well... fuck. Hey bartender, can you make that bourbon a neat triple please?"

At the end of the date I walked myself home and couldn't stop laughing because of how absurdly bad the date went. I kept asking polite questions to learn more and every single one led to something negative. I wasn't even mad, just amused. Sometimes the world just takes a turn toward the negative and the best you can do is relax and laugh off how unlikely it was. 




 Usually that would require the contract to be unconscionable, or otherwise violate law, and often that only invalidates specific clauses. 




 There has to be a meeting of the minds and consideration. Cash exchanged hands already, as did the trade in, so there's your consideration. Deal's done. 




 Looks kinda like a jack of some type? No idea if that is what it is though. It wouldn't make sense since I doubt it could support that much weight. 




 counting is why god invented drummers. 




 Terry Frisk requires reasonable suspicion. 

I am not 100% sure about how the police became aware of Gray (it has been hell to find real details through all of the fallout), so I'm not sure what the reasoning was. If it was just a chance encounter there is very little reason to have frisked him. If the police got a report that someone who looked like Gray was causing a problem, then there is a totally legit reason to have frisked him.

Does anyoene have meatier details about the whole encounter and why the police got involved in the first place? 




 151 still doesn't hold a candle to 195 proof everclear. 




 So they essentially use the same support system Bungie used for Destiny. Oi vey. 




 OT but I wish I could have stuck with ni no kuni. I loved it until I got past the trials and had another human to control. Suddenly the game went from fun combat to a wall of micromanaging that really turned me off.

I wish they had added a turn-based approach as well as an active approach. .. it would have probably made it more enjoyable for me. 




 I bought a ps3 at the end of the last year and I am having a high old time.

The only games that interest me so far on PS4 are kingdom Hearts 3, final fantasy 15, and witcher 3. I really hope they make more ps3 titles compatible too. 




 I always thought that that was caused by bolting? 




 The problem is that old guy has spent years indoctrinating kids to fill his place, and there are plenty willing to do so. 




 I'd never heard of dandelion ice cream - brilliant idea! 




 Make dandelion wine and dandelion salad. Karma + dinner! 




 EEP! 




 This is totally correct - we do have one rub to add in. My FIL is extremely well off, and usually if we require a home loan we can borrow privately from him. DTI isn't much of an issue because of that. The downside of this is that we will usually drop everything off to pay him back ASAP (debt between family is... uncomfortable). 




