 Probably way too late for the party again but here it goes anyway:

When I was little, about 8 or so, I lived by the coast of Belgium (still do) A coasttram would drive along the coast in loops, stopping in all cities. Now, this thing drives in a bedding between the 2 roads the follow the same route, so naturally, alot of people cross it daily. There have been accidents before but they're pretty noisy so you can hear them coming wich gives you quite some time (they don't tend to go fast).

That day, I was on my way to the store when an eldery couple ok bikes wanted to cross the tracks. A tram was coming but they still had more then enough time. The man went first and got over just fine. His woman was next and the tram was getting pretty close now. 
She fell because her front wheel got stuck in the tracks. Being old and less mobile, she couldn't get up in time. 
The tram was too close to come to a standstill and ran her over at maybe 15 kmph but still, it was enough to run her over and drag her for a meter or 10. I watched it all in what seems like a slow-motion and stood there untill an ambulance showed up and put a tent over her remains. Needless to say, it wasn't a pretty sight.

Ps: sorry for bad formatting, on my phone 









 In that case, they're not doing a really good job in my experience 




 'Graves no flash' 




 Yes, buried.. 




 Why do things like this always get made by asians people? More particular the Japanese? So twisted.. 




 What?? 




 I have an entire skeleton made of real bones and 2 skulls, 1 fake and 1 real one. And yes, it would fit in my closet! But why have him there when I can have him next to my bed with a tie around his neck? 




 Probably way too late here but whever.. I have a skeleton in my room. Not a metaphorical one but an actual skeleton. My mother gave it to me a couple of years ago.
She bought it when she was in uni, because she had to study all the bones and such.. Apperantly they're pretty rare now, since you can no longer buy them that easy. 




 Subtle, I like it 




 First one that came to my mind aswell, beyond messed up 




 One of the best hip-hop albums of the moment in my opinion! Love his style 




 'I'm on that weird part of Yt again..' 




 Blue side seems to be OP on kata 




 Make that 10, go check out /r/lounge! 




 I love this game, so rewarding finally beating the zombie one on brutal! 




 I totally agree, this was the first time I felt sincerely bad for a player recieving this kind of hate on reddit as he seems to be the one that deserves it the least, such a nice guy 




 You don't have to make a new account every time you do this, just use www.10minutemail.com. Also very usefull for when sites demand you to register in order to do something but you don't want the spam that goes with it 




 Same-sex marriage and marihuana. Those 2 combined is pretty rare I'de say 




 To be fair, Z at the end of WoL was kinda bs once they got to broods/infestor 




 It' NSFL, meaning Not Safe For Life. The more you know.. 




 Watched Notorious again today for like the 8th time but fuck, what an awesome movie 




 I don't feel like this is normal anymore aswell: http://img547.imageshack.us/img547/9623/lolprob.png 




 I chuckled 




 It's not as simple, they're both doing it for obviously very different reasons, one to exploit the system and gain undeserved elo, the other one to have fun playing with some fellow LCS players. And honestly, I doubt anyone on the opposite team would of cared, thing are more relaxed 




 Nope! Like Griffie said, it's called Mayday and actually a pretty good read, would definatly advise! 




 Tyler? 




 My most used way was to write formulas/key notes on a metal ruler with a pencil. Not only do you hardly notice it from a distance, if you're afraid you might get caught, 1 swipe is enough to remove everything. Bonus: very easy prep 




 Drive over the speed limit on highways. Quite a bit, here the limit is 120km/h, left lane usually goes around 130-140 but whenever it's 'safe' to do so, meaning I have the space, I set my cruise control anywhere between 160 and 180, depending on traffic, 200+ at night when the road's totally empty. 
I guess I do it because I like to go places fast and believe 120 is way too slow, look at Germany, simular sized roads have no speed regulation at all (or 250..)

TL,DR: driving fast on highways, 120 km/h is bs 




 Is it the book in wich the army accidently shoots a commercial jet, leaving some survivors in it and then debates wether if they should shoot it down to get rid of the evidence? Because I liked that one! 




 Ezreal definatly gets my vote. The flash-E dodgesn max range Q's.. Sounds awesome! 




 I have found that if you can get to late and have a team that actually peels for you, Kog wrecks anything 




 I'm at  148 and feel left out :( 




 If he can continue doing stuff like this I feel like Riot doesn't stand up for the values they stand for (or claim they do) 




 Is it just me or is this final alot more predictable then the EU one? 




 Perhaps because the only time he gets to 1v1 is when the opposite team's top is on equal or higher level as him. Thus resulting in more losses. If he would get 1v1's in all matches, I bet he would stomp most opponents 




 This is brilliant, I wish there were shows like this here in Belgium, would make politics alot more interesting 




 Heca top here I come 




 Thank you! Can't watch twitch vods on mobile 




 This my me trip so bad 




 You should take all of your poems and bundle them, they're awesome 




 I have found mine. Somehow I ended up in a relationship with it, every day is a fight. [Patience] skill almost maxed in the process tough 




 Thank you for making me laugh like a retard while having dinner with my parents in a otherwise very calm restaurant 




 Saving this for later! 




 This.Is.Epic. 




 You shouldn't have I'm afraid. 




