 /r/spacedicks

/r/dragonsfuckingcars 




 1987 930 Turbo. 




 Sometimes, you've just got to say, "What the fuck." 




 Damn, I hope you aren't pregnant. 




 Say what 




 "Holding hands" is a euphemism for this, yes. 




 Yayyy for ush! 




 Cool!

EDIT: Never heard of this band, but I like what I am hearing on the preview. 




 Wow. Just, wow. How is that thing not rusting away in the dump? 




 It sure is an automotive atrocity. Wonder if you could peel that away and find a real 914 in it. 




 Buy the four biggest [Dogs of the Dow](http://www.cnbc.com/id/102301740) in equal parts. 




  quick image search

Thanks.

I googled "album art airplanes," you are obviously a better google ninja than me! 




 It's chowder! 




 Nice! I knew about Aces High but didn't that artwork was actually on a record - looks like the single, right?

Also, good find on Mike Oldfield. I have his album "Tubular Bells," but never heard of this one.

Thanks! 




 What are you...doing to it? 




 So, I was bored on a lazy Friday and went through my iTunes with the thought of airplanes on album covers. These are the ones I found. Anybody else have any that come to mind? 









 Say it right, Frenchy! 




 I'll never fly Argentine Airlines again! 




 I'll be the cliche here, but the Red Wedding...damn. 




 ...this shit. 




 Nuts and gum. 




 "To alcohol! The cause of...and solution to...all of life's problems." - HJS 




 I always seem to trip on neccessary.

EDIT: Necessary 




 "I'm driving a Prius, I am better than everyone." 




 My heart is still pumping blood through my body. 




 Yes they were! 




 I said this before, but my Dad would always do that when he flew over our neighborhood in his A7. It was pretty cool to see as a kid! 




 Ugh... 




 Two dicks meet in a parking lot... 




 That is one small foot, man. 









 OK, chill, I see it's thyme for me to go. 




 Why are you so salty? 




 I'll be drinking beer there at 1! 




 Brilliant! 




 At least it's not barbed wire! 




 They had it coming. 




 Can't remember, dude. Sorry. 




 Hudson Hawk. 




 Guinea pig? 




 These puns are so...corny. 




 GoT of course! 




 Si! 




 Dysfunctional family with fat donut loving dad. 




 Yes 




 Pepper spray. Back the fuck off! 




 Looking at the Golden Gate bridge right now. 




 Don't be black. 




 "Let's see, hotel on Boardwalk. You owe me...two thousand bucks!"

"Mmmrrraaaaaarggggghhhhh!!!" (Chucks board across the room) 




 A Twinkie 




 "What are your two favorite whiskies?" 




 This is the only answer to this question. 




 Pants first, then shoes. 




 Dang. 




 Mattresses! I like them broken in. 




 Guess I am married to an elephant now. Literally, not figuratively. 




 You bang her too? 




 Eddie Murphy, Delerious. 




 Jury duty. Twice. 




 Stolen car? Burglary? 




 I think this makes the most sense. He was home sick on decimal day. 




 For a cool 870k it better have power locks and windows. 




 /r/showerbeers 




 Obama?

What do you consider "riches"? 




 Feats of Strength wrestling matches. 




 Puke. 




 I don't believe you. 




 Seriously, what is the point of putting up a stone wall that high? Anything can jump over it. 




 Most of us would be 737s. Short and fat. 




 They feel blubbery. 




 Sober? 









 Wait until they take another $1000 off it. 




  We view the Ferrari 308GTB as a supercar, 

Wait, what? I sure don't. 




 Gas prices. 




  This video

"A joke had it that the video should have been called "Cock Me Tonite".

Heh. 




 This was done at [Sandia Labs](http://www.sandia.gov/vqsec/SON-ST.html), I used to live near there. 




 My bad, I should have put the link in the comments! 




 There has never been a more effective killing machine. Researchers estimate that mosquitoes have been responsible for half the deaths in human history. 




 Yes, this picture exists no fewer than [24 times](http://karmadecay.com/results/u5413800) on Reddit! 




 What is that weird thing you are holding? Some kind of mini book? 




 Aww, hail no, dog! 




 That's great! 




 [Here you go!](http://foxtrotalpha.jalopnik.com/lockheed-martins-quiz-is-crap-so-take-our-better-one-1713665027) 




 I'm not poo-pooing it, Jalopnik is! 









 That is an excellent way to get carpet burns. 




 What is happening in this photo? 




 Not in Nevada. 




 .99 menu at Taco Bell! 




 100,000 tacos. 




 Soup. 




 See, I never considered that either. Even the latest 737s can't dump fuel, huh? Interesting! 




 This guy [James Kerr](http://scorpiondagger.tumblr.com/) does all kinds of awesome gifs with Renaissance art. 




 Old people like me, I guess. 




 He was a chap? 




 Staircase to heaven bannister slide? 




 He can turn water into concrete. 




 Wait. The lawsuit is still going on? Wtf legal system? 




 I know someone who passed on buying one for around $30,000. this was about 20 years ago, but still. 




 Pretty good. I'll be on a boat! 




 It is not going to be pretty. 




 I was born in Tucson! I can imagine the stars at night are pretty amazing. 




 Sweet. I heard it is hot as hell there right now! 




 Where you at? 




 Uh...ok. 









 Mmmm...gigantic marshmallows. 




 With 25 mile or longer tracks. 




 [Yup.](http://www.ggbsuicidebarrier.org/) 




 And if you land feet first without your legs crossed there's a good chance you will "plume out," where your internal organs come out through your mouth. 




 Maybe should have named it the 'Clumsy Climber Club." 









 You are strapped to a cross and whipped.  




 Thank you. I never really considered that, as much as I am an airplane nerd. 




 An alternative to feeling like yourself. 




 Did they have to dump 50,000 liters of fuel because the Belfast airport runway is shorter?

EDIT: Corrected city. 









 Cars is "Doc Hollywood," with...cars. 




 Did you...think warm thoughts? 









 Don't give up. 




 Fuck all butt metal! 




 I wouldn't touch this with a 100 foot pole! 




 Purple cauliflower, all on my plate! 




 Lol you are correct. I am indeed a dingus. 




 Dem dead eyes. 









 That is kinda what I was thinking. 




 When you're a Jet, 
you're a Jet all the way

From your first cigarette 
to your last dyin' day.  




 [High-five, bro!](http://imgur.com/NFqIj6n) 














 The Rolling Stones are still touring. 




 Celebrity Penises for $1000. 




 Eternal happiness is just a dollar away! 




 Jumped off a cliff. 




 Joey JoJo Shabadoo. 




 New Mexico - King Cobra. 




 Damn dude. 




 I'm always reposting questions on Reddit that were hugely successful in the past. 




 Thanks! Got any potatoes? 




 Yes. Besides, hover-zoom won't work on airliners.net links.

I'm trying to reddit at work here, I need instant gratification! 




 I, too, am on my sofa. Do you have any potatoes? 




 2 weeks...

What kind of lazy-ass soap refillers do you have in your country? 




 I think I agree with you. 




 This is how I always imagine myself eating french fries. If I could get a hold of some potatoes. 




 WHere I am from, we call the "Scooterists." 




 Champ! Wake up, Champ! 




 Please tell us more, OP. 




 I see one motorcycle. 




