 SF would be where I'm cooking all this wonderful food... 




 Well kick ass, thanks. 




 This. 




 I'm a convert. More green than red, but I'll use some red from time to time. 




 That is one of the greatest things I've seen today.   




 I'm neither from Texas or the South.  I like good 'q. 




 this is what you do with eye of round IMO...

http://i.imgur.com/g6GFnN4.jpg 




 http://i.imgur.com/g6GFnN4.jpg 









 That is the beauty.  Forced fan circulation, temp dial on top.  The only thing mine lacks is a timer.  I opted to not buy the one with the built in timer ($50 extra?  more?) and picked up an appliance timer from the hardware store for $10.

The only thing I've noticed, when run at 150 or at the max of 160, the things closer to the heating element do dry faster and you need to pay attention.  But at 140 or lower?  No need to touch it.  Maybe need to leave a rack out of a batch in for an extra hour due to how it was cut.  But if you slice it the same thickness, you're golden.

The only complaint I have is cleaning the racks.  They are somewhat of a pain, but that is the only drawback IMO. 




 I can't rave enough about my box man.  I've cranked so much out of it you'd shake your head.  I typically get 2-3# for each round and takes about 8-10hrs to do a batch.  If I set myself up correctly, I can get my total hands on time per pound of jerky down to about 10 minutes.

I hear you on the liquid smoke.  Here's a trick that you might find suitable.  Smoke your salt and/or your other dry spice.  You can control how much and what you put in at that point. If you already have smoking capacity, there is almost always room left over in the chamber for a pan of salt. 




 The dried melon was a fluke.  Had a melon that was going to go bad and I don't have a juicer. Figured what the hell, why not.  I hated it.  Turned out that dehydrated melon ground fine and mixed in with castor sugar makes for a nice homemade "dye" however.  Same with buttercream.  But you have to use a lot and then mask/alter the flavor.

However. The spoiled pups they are got their paws on some and loved it.  It's a good and healthy balance for them with the jerky I figure, and they love it.  Dried plantain chips too.  Boxed cookies or bagged treats are a rare and extra special treat for them.  I make most all their snacks. 




 eye of round. 




 Hey!  I just made up a batch of jerky yesterday.  Check the thread.  If you're looking for the best bang for your buck in regards to making jerky and have it be a "set it and forget it" operation, I got the ticket for ya...

http://www.reddit.com/r/Charcuterie/comments/2xbcqv/some_days_you_just_make_jerky/ 




 I'm looking for homemade or regional specific.  I didn't grow the chile, but it's local. I roasted, dried, ground, and then mixed it all.  

Now you're in Chicago.  Which means that you have some kick ass relish and all that.  I've visited. Problem is glass and shipping.  Gotta survive a week in the hands of USPS... 




 http://www.amazon.com/Flash-Pan-Death-American-Restaurant/dp/1439193770 




 http://i.imgur.com/JW7ndtt.jpg?1

WTF imgur?  why is that shit sideways? 




 I have an excalibur box as well.  I love it.  I run it at 145.  Jerky is sliced about 1/4" thick.

After the first time using it, I loved it so much I bought another one.  I just looked at it at, but there is no model# on the top.  Standard home use box, but NSF grade.  9 shelf.  Cost like $400 or 500 about 5 years ago?  I know they've dropped in price.  Great investment.  Fucking great investment.  I use it to proof bread and yeast dough.  Dogs love dried melon.

For anyone serious about cooking at home, this box is right up there with a Kitchen Aid Mixer and the Cuisinart Food Processor for being the dollar for dollar workhorse that you'll swear by for the rest of your life.  It ain't cheap, but worth every penny.

If you don't have a mandolin, my suggestion to maximize your use of that box.  That and crystallized citric acid to make water baths with.  For apples and other things you can dip in water to prevent oxi from happening.

http://www.amazon.com/Oneida-Polished-Mandolin-Interchangable-Slicer/dp/B0009HHZ20/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1425058060 sr=8-1 keywords=oneida+mandoline 




 I do realize that there might be a "redditgifts" for things like this.  However, after a not very cool experience trying to participate in a couple of gift exchanges, fuck that noise.  And I might be biting myself in the ass trying to trust the internet again...
 




 Who would like to swap hometown/local boxes of goodness?  I'm specifically looking for someone to send me some New England maple sugar.  None of that Canadian crap.  WE ALL KNOW WHO HAS THE SUPERIOR TREES!

Below is a box I'm sending out to a fellow redditor, per my offer.  If anyone else out there is willing to put together a box of similar awesome, I'd love to do some trading.  Amazon is great.  So is the grocery.  However, I know there are a lot of people out there making shelf stable, kick ass things which can be thrown in a flat rate box.  Any takers?  




contents

- Roasted Autumn Hatch Green Chile (med.) taco seasoning mix 

- Smoked Chimayo Red (med.) taco seasoning mix

- Ground Sandia Red Chile (mild)

- Pinion smoked salt

- Hatch Green, ground (med.)

- Hatch Red, ground (very hot)

- Hatch Crushed Red with extra seed (very hot)

http://i.imgur.com/JW7ndtt.jpg?1

PS Canadians.  We love you.  But you have a Maple Syrup Cartel.  And international shipping is expensive ;) 




 Delicious. 




 I've got access to high desert Pinion honey and Green Chile Honey! 




 No. I just hit bammer patches last year. I still have about a gallon and a half of dried lobsters too... 




 Jerky ain't fancy and it's easy if you have basics - cookie cooling racks, sheet pans, oven.  A dehydrator is better of course.  Simple jerky you just let sit over night in the goodness and then pan it up over night before you go to bed.  Turn the oven on the lowest setting and crack the door.

You'll have to play with the thickness of the meat VS the temp of your oven (you want 140F and circulating if possible), but it is easy to figure out how to put it in the oven before bed and pull it when you get up in the morning for work.  You start doing that and bringing it to the office and people will lose their shit and start offering you money for it.  Jerky is what bacon aspires to be.

The hard part is finding a decent cut at a good price.  I happen to own a slicer, so it makes life easy.  However, if you bribe the guy at the meat counter, they'll typically slice up a bunch for you if they are not busy.  

In short, this shit is easy, yo!  You should make some to give to some of the important people in your wedding.  Unless the photographer is a veg head, I couldn't think of a better tip myself... 




 Not in the slightest, especially if it's in a liquid meri.  Just cut it a little extra thick, low and slow and make sure you set a timer.  Then again though, I've got a very nice box that I love the hell out of which gives me perfect jerky every time. 




 It's mainly for other people.  The salt and pepper is for the dogs.  I already had dehydrator going with half that sheet pans worth of S P dog snacks as well.  They are quite spoiled.

I need to remember to leave a bag for the mailman too... 




 I almost did, but I've already got pork in brine in the fridge and can't fit another bucket... 




 all eye of round.  no trim involved, just remove the fat cap and slice.   




 And just to be clear, I said no wellington because most people would just look at the cut and say that without knowing what it was. 




 Oh I know the cut.  It was just figuring out what to do with the rest of it.  Thanks for stating a proper breading technique.  Better than the hammer for this one is the needler, which I don't have.  But am going to pick up tomorrow because I want to do it right, since most of it will be frozen in parchment wraps.   




 Smoked Red Chile

Salt and pepper

Hatch Green

In the bucket is Christian's #1 jerky.  It is delicious and some of the best I've ever made.   









 Eye or round is practically the best cut of meat to make jerky from.  One, it's shaped.  Two, there is little to no silver skin and the only fat is the cap.  Three, it's cheap as fuck, but not the cheapest cut of the cow.

It is also a cut of meat that if prepared properly, is fork tender.

Top to bottom

Smoked Red Chile Chimayo

Salt and Pepper

Hatch Green Chile

In the gallon bucket is Christians #1.

http://i.imgur.com/vFmTmDp.jpg 




 Tacos are on the list.  I hadn't thought about pulling the crock out yet.  I think that will finish it.

I've cut and pounded 12 portions worth for chicken fried steak.  This going to be my favorite part thing I'm doing with it all.

I took all the fat from the trim and ground it through the robocoup with another chunk.  I have about 2 quarts of that chilling in the cooler to get it ready to run through the stuffer.  I think 15-18 pieces of 12" stick to smoke and then run through the dehydrator.

One 5# chunk for roast beef sandwiches and another 3# for strogonoff.  This is after the gallons of sliced jerky I've gone through.  Tacos and all the rest of the scrap into the crockpot it goes.  Good call, thanks! 




 Stroganoff.  Good call.  I've got gallons of dried porcini from last fall in the pantry.  I can't believe I didn't think of that.  I also just found a package of 1/2" diamater casing in the freezer.  I should run a bunch through the grinder and fill it for sticks.   




 I have no problem just breaking it all down into jerky.  For myself, the dogs, or my friends.  But figured I've got all this, I should at least make something else.  Normally, I would make some Bresaola, but we're planning a move out of state and I don't want to start anymore long cure projects.

http://i.imgur.com/Ow0td03.jpg 




 A fan. 




 Best line ever.  "For breakfast it was a teaser, 5 piles of bacon." 




 So does the 99.  But that place reeks of ammonia.

Edit to add, notice I said they have pieces.  Not whole belly! 




 http://i.imgur.com/KLaChb4.jpg

I've made the offer before.  PM me a snail mail address and I'll mail ya a few ounces in the post of some dried ground Hatch Green Medium from this last season.  I've got plenty, don't worry about it.   




 "Hold my beer..." 




 You should.  Their pieces are skin on and run about $3.79lb.  They are small pound and a half to two pound chunks, which are perfect for doing batch learning at home.  And not too expensive when you're done with it with very little waste.  

Other than that, the main component you'll need is Kosher Salt. Morton's 3# boxes are what I buy.  Everywhere has it, Target of all places has it cheapest.  Iodized salt is bad to cook with and it is not to be used in curing.  Please repeat that last statement with me :)

Also.  If you want pink salt (insta cure #2), the only places that I can think of that would have it on hand are The Alpine Sausage Kitchen and Nelson Meats?  Maybe one of the higher end Italian Kitchens in the area?  Check with them.  Other than that, you're talking mail order.  Alternatively, if you're serious about making bacon this weekend, I'm doing a Sunport run either Friday or Saturday and could meet up and pass you some.  Also, if you're in SF, shout.  It is important stuff and don't listen to the hippies who don't know shit on the subject.

I like helping people develop their cooking skills. 




 Yep.  It is fairly easy.  Bury it in spice and salt for a few days, rinse it, and smoke.  I cold smoke mine so I can cook it how I like later.  If you search my submissions by /r/bacon or /r/charcuterie  category, you'll find a bunch of different pieces I've made and random comments about how I've made each.  There are also a ton of other threads and links to blogs and what not on the subject to in the subs.  It is worth digging through, cause making your own bacon is the best.

It's honestly really easy.  If you like and can source pig belly, I'd be happy to walk you through it.  If you're in ABQ, I'll tell you to pick up a chunk of belly at Talin.  Cheapest and best cut for what it is in the area that I know of.  After that, all you need are gallon zip locks, salt, pink salt, spice, a fridge and patience.   




 My house.  I'm in Santa Fe. 




 If ya like.  I'm happy to pick up a USPS small flat rate box and throw $15-20 of chile in it.  But only if you promise to do something of the like in return of specialty from where you're at!  Or my addy will be with the box and you can just snail mail me $20 ;) 




 Chimayo Chile is easy.  All that shit is dried, yo!  Got an address?  OP mails! 




 Word up, thank you so much.  I'm coming out to listen to some music in March and that place in now on the list. 




 Some things do look like shit because I give a fuck about plating.  However, the shit that I make and feed my dogs is usually of higher quality and of standard than what you normally see.  And I can pull out of my fridge better food than what you pay for.

Does that sound bitter?  No.  It's just that I don't give a fuck.  I mean, I don't know what to tell you.  Constructive criticism is one thing.  Rude remarks are something entirely different.  Me speaking blatant truth is another.  

But then again, I'm addressing someone who is a ghost and can't create or offer up anything.  So I'll just simply be completely fine with telling you to go fuck yourself.  Is that bitter?  No, I'm just an asshole with to much time on my hands today...

cheers! 




 Those look great.  The mush and egg combo is a favorite of mine as well.  Something that I keep on hand for the "plain" cheese pizza is mushroom dust.  Dried porcini or morels or whatever and run them through the spice grinder.  Sprinkle over the melted cheese or on the buttered/oiled crust straight out of the oven and there is enough heat to instantly caramelize and release all the mushy goodness.  We call it as the mushroom crack.  It is significantly better with more aroma and flavor then that shitty man made truffle oil everyone loves.  However, expensive to keep on hand if you are not hunting or cultivating your own mushrooms...

edit...  my favorite mush dust crack is - 1 C ground porcini, 3 T mortons kosher ground fine, 1 T fine ground black pepper, 1/2 tsp granulated garlic, 1/2 tsp powdered onion.  It is like magic on steak.   




 and a pic of some of it cooked.  I need to make me a sandwich!

http://i.imgur.com/3NhuscH.jpg 









 Who in your opinion has the best sandwiches in town?  Taking everything into account.  Can you eat it with one hand? While driving? Cost? Size? Deliciousness?  How long is the wait? 




 This was the snack before hand...

http://i.imgur.com/1xyvx40.jpg 




 I did years back, never liked it.  More novelty than effect from what I remember.  The kids that I know who are doing hemp beers are actually using trim in the wort for nose and flavor.  Then adding in small quantities of potent infused moonshine for effect.  Yes, they are actually stilling it themselves with a 5 liter capacity boiler for some reason rather than just buying ever-clear.  Fucking hipsters man.  When they told me that, I was just like you have got to be kidding me...

I've never tried it, they're in CO and there is NO regulation for any of it.  They say they've been making this "beginners beware beer" and it just makes me chuckle.  I'm sure it is, but hell.  That is probably the last thing we need on the market.  Just throw in several thousand mg's of caffeine and that shit will make 4-LOKO bust a nut :) 




 Hey hey now!  Making me make phone calls and shit.  I had to double back on that and good eye.  I called my friend that makes the chile beer and he says correct.  He throws dried chile in with the hop satchel for pils.  It is the pepporinchi he throws in the heffie during the last couple of days of aging.

I used to brew hard for many years.  1.5 bbl batches out of a homemade build.  But I had to give up the beer sometime ago in favor of the herb, it helps me be less of an asshole.  It is funny, doing something long enough, but not having it done in a while, it still makes you think like you know your shit.  Basics don't change, you just usually miss a step or two... 




 I like making her happy.  I'm a basically a housewife with no kids, so I'll pretty much make whatever keeps me in her good graces ;)

However, it does help that I'm somewhat skilled in the kitchen.  I will say though, that risotto was stellar.  I'm fairly hard on food and my cooking in general.  But I was quite happy with how it turned out.  Next menu I put together, some form of this will be on it.  

Very very simple.  Take a blank/white risotto and fold in a puree.  The puree was simply bnut squash and compound butter.  No cream or cheese.  Is this the place where I mention saffron, green chile, and years of practice?  The trick is to cook the rice correctly.  It takes a half hour and lots of attention.  Once you have that down, you're golden to add in whatever you like. 




 That is a great call.  One of the guys I know here has done bunch of juniper stuff.  You shoukd try throwing in a fresh green chile during the dry hop of a heffie or a pils.  Or even during the barrel age.  Might change your life :) 




 I grew up there.  Used to drink off the vat at Bridgeport.  I'm more excited about the potential to go back to hunting the mushrooms.  Down here in the high desert, we ain't got nothing but more of the nothing... 




 You are not paid to fix their shit.  They don't see it as broken.  Get out.  Or if you come to them and be all" I can do this...," you better either be prepared to put it in front of them via numbers and writing or to grab your shoes as you walk out the back door.

No owner, especially a small business owner wants to be told they are doing shit wrong.  Even if they are.  It doesn't matter (usually) that you can get their product for 1/2 the price.  It is not your shop, not your shit.

I do professionally what you are talking about doing.  It is amazing the amount of people who want to do it their way.  The problem is that while they might be the boss/owner/money,what they do isn't always the right way.  Espicially if they operate in ways which are not maxing out their profit.

Untrained employees are a sure sign of a failing business or one that will fail shortly.  There is nothing you can do about it.  Reality sucks for people... 




 Will you be using knives?

Dress for the job you want, not the one you have.  Keep checks, shoes, and a knife roll in the car... 




 You're out in Bend if I remember correctly?  I' taking my GF to the airport so she can land at PDX this evening for an interview.  If we make the move, I'm gunna be stoked to come check it out!

But this looks Lots and lots better than what you had posted before.  Good for you for taking people's advice and helping yourself in the long run.  This looks much, much more profitable and more along the lines of how you said you want to approach and engage the community.  Kudos!
 




 Butternut squash risotto with grilled bnut.

Balsalmic and red wine glazed sweet potato

Cider and champange vinegar glazed rainbow carrots.

Needs bacon. 









 Kick ass!  I couldn't find it in the thread.   You seem to be in the know about the sandwich.  If you are ever passing through New Mexico, give a shout and I'll make ya a snack.  If you check my submissions, you'll see I'm fairly serious about good, homemade sandwiches. 




 The real question is, did OP make it.  Or did they just eat it? 




 Thanks and fair enough.  I hate plating.  I'm a cook.  Not a photographer.  The only reason I started taking pics was that I didn't need to write down recipes that way.  I can just look at it and be like "this was how I made it."  At this point in time, I should ne taking better shots simply because I know better.  I think it's because I'm lazy and really hate most of the plates I own. 









 I don't drink, but roll me up a fatty please!
 




 The run down on how I make my carbonara is in the following thread.  The gnocchi I'm just gunna say, make gnocchi.  I mill potatoes and then add egg and flour until it is the right consistency...

http://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/2wh71s/i_will_never_grow_tired_of_carbonara_with_peas/cosi03r?context=3 




 No worries, no worries.  Now I've been wondering. 




 Calories?  WTF?  I have no idea what you're talking about.  I don't deal with calories.  I just make a bowl of grub and call it snack time. 




 Dinner?  Sure, but this is starting to be one of my go to breakfast dishes anymore.  Frozen gnocchi is a beautiful thing.

  









 I mix my carb in a bowl, not in the pan.  Here are the steps.  Probably more detail than you'd like or expect, I've just been making this dish professionaly for many years now and it is one of my favorites to teach people.  The same way every time and it is always spot on.  Once you've got this dish down, I'll walk you through how to make the pancetta if you like...

Take a large stainless steel mixing bowl and throw the following inside...

1 large egg, a large hand full fresh grated parm (a Microplane is preference for tool), three finger pinch of chopped parsley, a couple of rounds off the pepper mill, and pinch crushed red pepper.  Take a pair of metal tongs and beat the hell out of this mix to make a wet paste.

I take this bowl and set it to the side of the stove or on the top back rail just to incorporate as much heat as slowly as possible into the egg mix.

Drop your 5 or 6 minute pasta.  Or start your pancetta at the 6 minute mark of your pasta.

As a side note.  I keep a bin of par cooked penne/rig/mac/farf in the fridge almost at all times.  30 seconds in salted boiling water and you have perfect pasta for whatever sauce you have on hand.  Stored properly, it keeps for almost a week after cooking it.  But don't bother doing this with angel hair or spag or any other type of long thin noodle pasta.  Shit only takes 5 minutes anyway.

Drop your pasta.  Heat a saute to hot hot.  Add your pancetta to the DRY pan.  After some of the fat starts to leach and you start to get a good crisp fond on 2 of the sides of each lardon, add a little bit of olive oil to coat and saute until desired crispiness.

Remove the bacon from the pan, reserving the fat/oil and straining off as much of the carbon in the fat as you can.  You need approx 1/3 C of the fat/oil mix.  If you do not have enough, add EVOO.  After the fat has been reserved and started to slightly cool, add 1/2 tsp shallot and 1/2 tsp minced garlic so it toasts.  

The cooking of the pancetta, pulling it from the pan, and reserving the bacon fat should leave you with about one minute of cook time on your pasta.  This process should take no more than 5 minutes.  You must keep your fat hot during this time and  you *must not* burn your garlic.  It will ruin the dish.

Now the hard part.  The bowl with the egg and cheese.  Beat that shit hard with your tongs while you slowly work in your HOT fat.  Not too hot to curdle your egg, but hot enough to melt the cheese and cook and thin the egg.  Essentially you end up with this hollindaise type hot mayo.

Immediately pull your pasta after the emulsion is made and into the bowl it goes.  A little of the starchy pasta water is wanted, not much.  But not dry noodles, it helps thin the sauce to coat the pasta.  Now toss a punch of parsley, half the reserved bacon, and your frozen peas.  Twirl your pasta into a bowl, hit it with the rest of the bacon, more parsley, and cover in parm.

This dish is meant to be eaten immediately.  Don't make it for lunch tomorrow.  I mean, it'll heat up just fine.  But will be inferior on so many levels.

cheers! 




 No worries.  The GF tried giving me a hard time the last plate she saw me eat and was all "there is no cream in it!" 




 1oz parm - 8 grams fat

4oz pancetta - 24 grams fat

.25 oz parsley - 0 fat

1 egg - 5 grams fat

3.5 oz pasta - 1.75 grams fat


Based upon a 2000 calorie or an 80 gram of fat daily intake, I'd say that half of my daily fat coming from one of the two meals I eat daily ain't bad... 




 It's more along the lines that I can eat well and balanced in under 10 minutes... 









 It you do, don't cut a hole in the pastry like I did for the steam vent.

Form them, but don't egg wash or sugar.  Freeze them for 4 hours min.  375 degree oil for about 3 minutes or so, till golden.  Make sure you fry em in batches to not drop the temp of the oil to much.  Immediately out of the oil, hit with the Cinnamon sugar. 




 It's not that.  Most everything you say is negative, condescending, and just flat out dick behaviour.  You obviously love what you do.  I think you probably have a lot to offer and teach people.  But all you do is degrade and tell people it's not good enough because it isn't how you do it or were taught.  Or you call them inferior.

Not everyone is blessed in life to have all the wonderful experiences I have had. Or even you.  But just because you've held a truffle, it doesn't mean you know shit.  Go dig one out of the fucking ground and then we can talk.  But don't tell people that simply because the ONLY thing that they can get their hands on is inferior, because you're in a better market or have had better instruction.

You're not a chef, but pretend to be one.  A real chef educates people and makes them want to cook.  You make people want to stab you for no reason at all and would get thrown out of most of the kitchens represented here based upon your attitude.  

It's real simple.  Don't be a dick.  People actually want you around.  But keep it up, you'll be regulated to dishes. 




 Anyone who calls themselves a chef and haven't spent at least 15 years working up in the industry is a fucking joke. 




 How is it not worth it?  You have the attention of all kinds of professionals who do what you are wanting to do.  All kinds of people are questioning how and why.  Please show us what we are doing wrong and how we can improve our own products.  If you have a better method, why don't you help others with theirs?  You seem so keen on asking for others help, can you not return the favor? 




 Hey OP!  Can you post pics of your $3 cookies?  I'd love to know what I can do to try and sell product for double the amount of eveyyone else in my city! 




 Check the thread... 




 Raise it by a couple bucks and consider it a loss leader.  But one of the ways you can really look at min maxing you profit is looking at what components and how you're making them in house.  And more importantly, what you're not making in house and why not.

Also. Another way is to figure out what your not making a profit off of and figure out a way to do so.  For instance, you're slinging pie.  More than likely you're bringing in semonila to use on the boards.  It burns, it goes in the garbage. That's all it is used for, And itis just considered a cost of doing business.  But it costs you more than you think because you are paying for square footage to store it and an employee to move sacks and clean the bins it lives in.

So my question is, why aren't you making some kind of semolina based product and selling it on your menu?  Stupid simple biscotti.  Oven fired cream based gnocchi dish.  Semolina "angel food cake" that you make bread pudding with.

 Most business owners would charge for a straw if they could.  Why not charge for a product that you have to carry, which is also currently increasing overall food cost? 




 Sure?  Another friend said empanitas. 




 Hey hey now, I'd eat the hell outta all of that!  Looks delicious to me. 

May I make a suggestion if you weren't happy with that?  I guess that's a stupid question, cause I'm gunna say it anyway ;)

If you'd like to try doing them differently and free form by hand and have them come out like mine. Make up a batch of two shell pie dough (takes 10 minutes) and divide it into a dozen pieces or so to freeze.  It'll keep 2 months and should make about 2 individual little pies each.

It Takes 5 minutes to thaw, is a small enough piece that you could just use your hand instead of using the rolling pin, and fill it with some of that delicious jam or compote you made last week that's kicking it in the fridge.  Turn your oven on before you pull the dough and it's at temp by the time it's formed and on the pan.  35 min total time, 25 in the oven.  Talk about a great way to make her want to come up for a cup of coffee.  Or hell, just for yourself! 




 Edited! 




 Scope it here.  Best way to put it.

http://www.cheesemaking.com/Chevre.html 




 We do what we can :) 




 It is funny you should ask.  I'm actually in the process of doing just that.  About a month ago I mentioned that I was thinking about doing just that and was actually working on a different cookbook in a another thread.  I recieved an overwhelming amount of requests to write it and many offers of payment.  So I was all " I guess I should start writing this damn book..."

it's trucking along and I hope to have it done in about a month.  Goal is 25, 4 or 5 item meals.  PDF/tablet format.  If you'd like to see the kind of stuff that I'm going to include, check my submitted history.  All of the plates I've posted are my from scratch work. 




 She works in an ICU. 




 I'm very sorry to hear that.  I hope you are able to make whatever adjustments you can and/or need too, to help improve your circumstances.   




 Well, you can cook too if you try :) 




 Sure sure.  But being a house husband, it's part of my job description :) 




 I wish I used recipes.  I do method and feel, I've just been cooking a long time.

Crust - 1 and 1/2 cup flour.  Pinch salt. 1T sugar.  1/3 cup butter.  Scant 1/2 cup dry white wine.  Zest of one lemon, dried.

Cut the butter into pea sized pieces and freeze at least an hour.  All the dry into the bowl.  Add the frozen butter and rub the butter in to make a sandy texture.  Add water 1T at a time until the dough comes together.  Don't overwork it.  Chill dough at least an hour before rolling.

Apples - peel and medium dice apples.  I did about 7# of mixed variety.  I like at least 50% tart for the mix.  Place apples in a large, dry pot over med high heat.  Add about 1/4 cup sugar per pound of apples.  I use white granulated.  Cook the apple mix until a good half the water from the apples is gone and a good syrup is forming. Now add the juice of a lemon.  A glug or two of vanilla paste.  Salt and spice.  I use nutmeg, clove, and cinnamon for my apple pie mix.  Once this has come to a gooey consistancey, remove from heat and cool.

Roll and cut your pie dough how you like and make little dumpling sized pies.  Egg wash and dust with cinnamon sugar.  350 degrees in the oven.  15 minutes.  Remove from oven and glaze with simple syrup.  7 minutes in oven.  Glaze again and finish for 7-10 minutes more until golden brown.  Let them cool, you will burn your mouth!
 




 I know.  I think I ate to 10 putting them on the plate.  And now I'm kicking myself that I didn't make ice cream first :( 




 One of the things I've been spending fair amounts of time on is the chvre.  One of the easier soft cheese to make IMO.  Boil some milk, pitch your culture, let stand until set, strain and chill.  Whole process takes about 3 days and it keeps long enough for you to eat it.  Cultures and milk are cheap, processed chvre is not.  I wish more people would learn how to do easy things like this. 














 By the dozen, you will get $25 at most.  More than likely, to get the sales, you will be trying to move them for $18-20.  And that will be tough.  Unless they are the size of salad plates.  Remember who your competitors are.  And then quadruple the amount of people who you think are in direct competition with you, and who are selling a better product for cheaper, with less hassle. 




 Who is your target demographic?  Price point by piece?  What do you want to hit for your average individual sale? 




 Double your time allotted. 




 Do you have all your equipment?  Cards?  To go boxes?  Product?  Mixers?  Gas for delivers?  Overhead for licenses?  Money to burn buying product at retail rather than wholesale?  Money to cover your extra water, dish washing detergent, electricity, and gas incurred by making product?

You say that you will not incur debt to start, and I will tell you that you will spend money left and right and not even know it.  You'll reach into your fridge for eggs that you bought for yourself to eat and not even count it into the food cost of what the product is.  You'll forget stupid things like that, which is what kills people trying to do things like this.  Simple facts and to me, that is SERIOUS debt.  

Home ovens are not commercial ovens.  If you use one for commercial purposes, you consume about twice to three times the amount of heating power than you normally would for home use.  Yes, the math and science backs it up.  It is about opening the door, running fans, and only being able to bake one sheet of cookies at a time.

I mean, seriously, there is a lot of shit to think about in doing something like this from home. 




 FYI, I'm not trying to burst bubbles.  Just giving you a reality check of what your talking about from first hand experience.  I've watched dozens of people do exactly what you are talking about doing and either go crazy with the work or walk away from it at a serious financial loss. 




 What you are talking about doing will net you about $8-10/hr for a long time.  And if you are able to translate an additional $5/hr into repayment of your loans/investment/overhead, you will be lucky in the beginning.

I'm not saying what you are wanting to do can't be profitable.  It will just take you a while.  If you have any debt at all, moving trades into the food business is a terrible idea.

If you plan on doing this on your own from scratch and want to make an extra $100 a week for 20 hour of work, by all means, hit the farmers market.  But, operating out of your house, that is what you are looking at. 




 Don't do it.  You'll waste your time, money, and risk your relationship.  You have a stable "day job" that pays at least 10X the amount of money hourly that you could ever make in a bakery.  Save yourself some headache and hassle and continue to make your cookies and cupcakes for your friends. 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/smallbusiness/comments/2w7467/home_bakery_advice/coocgjz 




 Well hell yeah!  Where do you live?  I'm always happy to deliver, especially for an awesome tip!
 




 An internship is part of school.  Gots to do it to graduate.  Many people who are actually talented at cooking never get past their internship in school.  Some because the shop they do it at would rather hire them then and keep them around, rather than risk not getting the employee after school is done.  

Or people realize that working in a restaurant and pursuing a dream to one day either own a restaurant or become a chef is completely and utterly stupid.  I mean, fucking stupid if you want to have a stable life, no substance abuse issues, a relationship that works, or any kind of financial freedom at all.  If you love to cook, keep it at home.  Stay the fuck out of the business.  Best thing you could do with your life is to not cook professionally.   




 my suggestion -  buy a 3 or 4lb chunk of belly.  Cut it into 8oz pieces.  Make up 5 or more different cure and crust mixes.  Cure and hang it all at the same time.  Then a month later you can side by side them all and determine which one is the one you like the most and can work on it from there.  After I figured to do that, I saved a lot of time in waiting to figure out what the recipe was I wanted... 




 Nice!  If you want, I'm always happy to help and am down in ABQ regularly.  I help you make bacon if you can convince your wife to help me perfect my kimchi :) 




 Very nice!  I typically have 2 or 3 chunks of random belly air drying.  Did you hang in a controlled environment?  

For the crust, I've decided over the years that a straight pepper isn't for me.  I've got a couple of fall backs I like to go to which many have liked.  And considering "pancetta" is so easy and cheap to make, nothing like having a few different kinds around :) 

2:2:1 - black pepper, coriander, fennel

4:4:2:1 - black pepper, green chile, granulated onion, granulated garlic

4:3:2:1 - black pepper, ground rosemary, ground thyme, granulated garlic  




 I normally don't comment on most things, but came in here to find the Bob Ross comment.  Because I agree, Bob Ross would be proud and I have to say that it would look awesome on my wall!  Would you be willing to trade it for a couple of sandwiches and a loaf of bacon?  :) 




 I showed this post to my GF and pointed that out as well.  Like it would somehow be missed...

I think the title of this thread should be "I'm the owner and I fucked an employee.  Now she is making my life and business miserable.  How can I get rid of her without getting sued for sexual harassment or discrimination?" 




 No shit.  I'm in the city, so I've never noticed the difference... 




 obviously, you're not a golfer. 




 Actually, I saw your explanation and disregarded it because it's BS.  Sorry.  I understand your reasoning, but it is faulty.  No offense, I simply want all people to develop skills which help them make better food.

Also.  Veg in stock isn't just an aromatic.  It fortifies nutrients and gives body.  If you would like to play, I would suggest you read McGee.   




 Thanks.  A non hostile and well thought out response in reddit.  I rarely get those ;)

Laying cable is a nightmare.  Which is why I believe that Google is pushing towards wireless and an eye in the sky.  I think that with the way tech is developing, here soon the mobile hotspot from my phone will be better than my wireless connection.  Maybe? 




 The thing I think more people should be talking about is the amount of infrastructure ATT needs to put in to match Google.  Google has to lay cable because it never had any.  How much and what kind of cable does ATT have down in the KC area?  Are they actually putting in new cable, or are they just "opening the pipes" as we all suspect? 




 You fucked your employee/co-owner?  Not good, not good!

10% of the company?  Fire her and suck up the 10% you'll have to pay out as her share.  That is the cost of getting your dick wet in the company ink.  Alternatively, try and buy her out.

But damn.  You down right fucked up. 




 A tip to help you be a better cook and to further develop your palete - never salt your stock.  Only salt your pan/dish.  This is restaurant 101 and something that will get you yelled at and humiliated in culinary school.

There are many reasons for this.  The main thing being is that you will never taste how food is developed in its "natural" state.  Many home cooks will argue that people do it all the time.  It is true, suzi q homemaker does.  But to get the kind of results that people like (as in restaurant quality) you are doing yourself a diservice by salting a stock.

However.  I will say that if you keep salted butter in your fridge, than this kind of advice is useless... 




