 That's awesome. A semi trailer worth of fuel a second.

 




 Ha! All of our goods are taxed before they hit the shelf, then we pay another 10% tax on top of the existing tax.. 

I get taxed 33cents out of every dollar I earn. 




 Won't be so funny when these crooked fucks in government slam me with a 70% tax on ecig products.

A pack of cigs in Aus cost $20.. $14 of it is tax. 




 You're having dreams about my sweet Nan Nan!!?? 




 Usually Korea.. Same as the Simpsons too. 




 I wouldve asked her if it was OK to brush it off.. 2 second fix in Photoshop 




 Minh.. 




 You can only catch it once... 




 China or Korea? 




 I knew the price was something 'astronomical'.. Thanks heaps for the reply.

I recently read that the non solid fuel rockets burn half a tonne of fuel a second.. Shit like this amazes me. 




 Thank you Mr Scorpion  




 Out of curiosity can someone do the math on what that actually cost to get up there?

Isn't it so ridiculously expensive price for every bit of weight sent up to space? 




 http://imgur.com/fOtVc6z

Here you go buddy 




 I bought a DBrand skin for mine, it's absolutely seamless and looks better than the blue. 

I have the fake brushed steel look going on, in gunmetal grey 




 This was me the first time I took a hit off my freshly juiced .5ohm dual coil build.. I had to clear the steam out before I could even take off. 




 I.HATE.PEGGY.SO.MUCH!!!

But I guess that's the whole point of her character, you either love her or hate her, but she ties the show together so well, especially when Gribble takes little swipes at her in front of Hank  




 Doing it with jeans, no one was a winner. 




 Used to be able to punch out a whole SMS without looking at the screen once, T9 on the 5110. 




 Dale Gribble "Towel Manager" 




 Google is a champ. 




 road was that greasy? or did you have the hammer down a touch too hard? :) 




 this is true, but you wouldn't really be doing anything, except being on the couch, under a warm blanket, watching TV, pigging out of the fridge, chasing your little one around the house to make him / her smile and laugh.

I wish I was home :( 




 Looking over botany, there was brilliant blue sky..... for all of 10mins.

Looks like it was just the eye of the storm, I find the wet weather the most productive to be at work, cause you're not really missing out on anything outdoors if you were home. 




 Nothing worse than feeling strangled by your power. 

Having a few loose elctricities laying around the house can come in handy from time to time. 




 When my half yearly review comes up, they better remember this! 




 More of an encouragement that if you have the option of not heading in, don't.

 




 8/10 Would read again.

Judging by your username you're born pre-internet days. Reach back and try to remember the days of no internet, you'll be a lot happier!

Just make sure you're home before the street-lights come on. 




 I did the same with my team, they got their wakeup SMS at 6.00am 




 Its just as bad as yesterday and overnight.

Those of you who can, work from home. Its not worth risking the roads and the mess to get into the office.

EDIT: Some of the comments in this thread are hilarious, keep it up. 




 I just ordered my watch, I hope to god you have tiny wrists and the watch isn't that gigantic?? 




 Great reading, considering I'm waiting for mine to be delivered! 




 Love this site because it just keeps auto looping it for me..

Also, you appreciate the brilliance of this, how do writers even think of this stuff?? 




 Jam Butties!

Tea and Crumpets is more of an Aussie breakfast these days 




 I get it in PG, they have a shipping calc on the site and quality is bang on for me 




 Go to www.nicvape.com and buy the 1/100mg mix of non flavored nicotine.

In a 30ml bottle you'll need (buy a 30ml bottle of juice and tip some out)


7.2ml for 24mg

5.5ml for 18mg

3.5ml for 12mg

1.8ml for 6mg


If you're vaping for the first time ever and usually smoke 12mg smokes, I recommend starting off on 18mg juice then quickly ween yourself down to 12mg.

Enjoy and keep off the smokes!

 




 I think it's time for a sinus rinse.. Baby shampoo you say? 









 My son is 2 and infatuated with his junk. 

Its a guy thing. 




 Had nothing but English Staffies all my life. 

They can catch a piece of dried kibble thrown from 20m away with complete accuracy. 

Never get in the way of food and a Staffy. 




 A few countries I visited let you use the bathrooms in the tourist hot spots for free...

But if you wanted toilet paper - $$ 




 Was it a wriggler??? Wrigglilililililig! 




 The article is wrong.. It says that Microsoft has almost no market share with their own mobile OS.. Oh.... Wait... 




 This makes so much sense that it actually left me fulfilled and happy with the answer. 

Kind of like when you're starving for something in particular and there it is in the fridge. 




 is it just my phone or is this the way they made the Nex 6?

Having 2 front firing speakers, you would've thought they would use both speakers to crank out the speakerphone rather than just the 1 top one. 




 Mine started a day or 2 after getting Lollipop on the Nex 5, 

It was the last straw for me, and I bought a Nex 6... that backfired. 




 Dammit Dale, that's a Fiat! 




 My Nex 6 and 5 both do this. 

It's a lollipop issue 




 I ain't your M'friend, Pal! 




 Most certainly M'buddy 









 The standard Messenger app from Google is pretty hard to compete with these days.

Thank fuck they realised that not everyone wants Hangouts. 




 That looks fucking sick!! 

Google should've done that from the get go. 




 I'm from Aus and hardcore was always the type we are referring to :) 




 When I read hardcore, this wasn't the music I was expecting.

I was waiting to hear some gabba. 




 What did you 'backup' that got you that letter?

I see GOT season 5 is out, feels like a trap 




 Well this was first hand info from a guy that I worked with a few years back and became a firey.

Fuck you Reddit fucks are a bunch of bitches. Geez. 




 People off the street? Hardly ever.

Best step is to become a volunteer firey and then work your way into the force.

99.98% of the time, volunteers will get in before you do. 




 Nope, it's "Bill's A vole" 




 Shamelessly link my own clip :)

http://youtu.be/ywl_w7fvkVE 




 Sunshine lollipops and rainbows.. 




 Nah mate, unless I missed it, I couldn't see anything but shiny silver. 

I looked to see who makes the battery as well, but nothing there at all  




 I have an iPhone as a work phone and Nexus as personal, when I had the Nexus 5 I also had the 5s, the iPhone made the nexus 5 look like potato cam.

In really good lighting the Nexus 5 was brilliant, but the Nexus 6 is fantastic in both good and not so good lighting.

Now using Nexus 6 and iPhone 6.. Both are equally good as each other. 




 Sorry dude, I already put it back together.. Also the battery didn't have many markings on it, where would I find the details on the battery? 




 http://imgur.com/ODiyT28

http://imgur.com/vwVf7uX

http://imgur.com/4vrpAk6

http://imgur.com/xKZQxrv

http://imgur.com/QfdXLOV

http://imgur.com/eRI5DXb


Here are some pics of my istick 30w pulled apart.

Anyone wondering if it will be easy to open and repair if a wire comes loose, the answer is - very easy.

Photos taken with a Nexus 6.. The nexus has come a long way in its photo taking capabilities! 




 That is brilliant, it was from Bill and Ted, yeah? 




 My ecig juice..  




 He will forever live on... Through Billy Birmingham 




 Was I the only one thinking about how dirty the floor is? 




 I'm out.. 




 Good run* 




 This scene out of all 13 seasons is my favourite Dale moment. 




 God dammit Dale! 




 84... That's a good wicket  




 You're always consuming data through cloud storage.

In aus, data on your plan is precious 




 The Little Doer Carpets TVC: https://youtu.be/YTFH9TAmwhY

This is what your comment conjured up and now I can't get it out of my head 




 All good mate, I finally found the one sub that doesn't exist.. android stereos!  









 I'm dealing with a set of damaged ribs at the moment, how I envy you at the moment. 

Sleeping on my stomach is the only way I can get a good night sleep 




 Say what you like, but our police force a bunch of pussies due to the shitty politically correct society we live in.

We need to wind back the clock a few years before we all went soft and allow police to start using their batons again. 

A few busted knee caps would make sure this never happens to an ambulance or any car for that fact. 




 Why is /r/spacedicks not listed and voted as number 1? 




 I read Nikolas book about his life.. Poor bastard. 




 What do you mean by "throw away these patients"?

Is this referring to them as being a lost cause for surgery? 




 I don't get it, you were looking for shemale hookers, you found one, and now you're surprised??

Haha.. Too much internets for you. 




 He survived??!!

 




 Honest question for you, how much funnier is it when you fart and you get that reaction from smell only, rather than her hearing it and having time to move? 




 So.. What I'm reading is, 'yes, trained people aka doctors, will need to cut and splice' 




 Orthodox priests can marry and have kids.. This is a very defining point for me. 




 Have to make the standard "coffee with Cream" joke. 




 In ELI5 fashion, lightning can definitely blow up more than just your PC.

If lightning hits the power lines coming into your house for instance, it can provide a sudden surge of power over and above what your appliances can handle, thus cooking them good and proper.

Most of the time if you're lucky it will just fry your power supply.

I'll need someone a bit more scientific to clarify, but it wouldn't be so much the voltage that will blow it all up, it would be the amperage. 

In Aus, all appliances (generally) are rated for 240v @ 10amp.. Lightning definitely beats both those specs.

A surge protector does what its name says, it would be fused up in there to limit the total voltage and amperage although be a lot more sensitive than a normal house fuse.. Once it goes over its rated amount it will trip.

I'm sure someone will disprove me completely, or hopefully just clarify and clean up my post a little. 




 I met a 25 year old girl recently that's still a virgin.. 

I'm a 30 year old with a little boy I'm trying to raise, I ended it.

I knew that she has a whole life ahead of her and doesn't need the life I would provide, and as hard as she was pushing for me to be her first, it's not something I was willing to do.

Apart from the above, being with a virgin is a guaranteed dud root. 




 So I'm guessing the eyes are fully formed under there?

Hopefully its just a matter of sedating the baby and getting a scalpel ready 




 I think now that's it's officially here, use your US login account you created and it all should be there. 

I may be wrong, but I think I might've heard about this working the other day.

Either way, I have unblockus working through my router and heavily enjoy Hulu and Netflix from the US. 

Fucking hope foxtel burns in hell for its rort of a price all these years. 




 Were they the double coat? You can't be king with the standards these days  




 I thought it was a waterbed? 




 The best description I've ever read was 'salty milk' 




 As long as it helped you mate.

As for my marriage, I could really care less about her, it's my son that I needed the most help for to keep me sane between the times I wasn't with him. 




 Every single Kickboxer after 1 




 S6 edge Nexus would be brilliant. 




 You've got to be joking..  




 The .5 coil on my istick 30w is a cloud chasers dream when its open full.

I already opened the coil up and rebuilt it myself with a .5/.6 ohm build  




 Dude, I started off with Kanger as a beginner then went into mods.. 

I would never have considered them again, I gave the Sub Tank a shot and DAMN! it is brilliant.

Its definitely worth a shot. 




 I don't know, if you compare the first 10 seasons of each show, overall the Simpsons wins it for me and was quite clever.

Problem is that fox has milked the Simpsons 15 years too long.

Seinfeld  Simpsons  Married with Children. 

I do agree though, seven was a cunt when he was introduced to the show.

One thing MWC managed to pull off was the introduction of Jefferson, it was one of the few times on a TV show that the replacement character was better than the original. 




