




 It's so much of a ripoff of YouTube that when YouTube adds a new feature like playback speed control, it gets added to YouKu within a few days. 




 3AM is is really early in the evening. Where's your god now?!?! 




 Yeah but it's at 108,201 right now. What if I' 




 On the farm we used to use an unintuitive tactic to get metal fittings unstuck when we didn't care whether they came out damaged. You'd take the welder and put a bead all around the inner side. As it cooled the hot ring of welding material would contract and often the fitting would pop right out. It was really cool 




 Just imagine how awful that elevator ride would be with a hangover. 




 Are you sure? They may have said the same thing if they were safe at home too. War tends to bring evil out of people where it could not be previously imagined. 




 I grew up on a farm, and I still very vividly remember our chemical sales rep telling me it was safe to drink after I asked him whether it was dangerous. I of course didn't drink any of it, but that's not something you should tell a kid. Either they were so brainwashed they believed it to be true, or they were out right lying to us. It still bothers me thinking about it today. 




 If a mother is/was taking antibiotics while pregnant I presume it also affects what kind of gut flora is introduced to the infant during birth?

I'd be curious to see studies investigating the sterility of birth facilities and/or mother antibiotic use in relation to autism rates.  




 After you're done with that can you come wrap your big arms around some of the stumps in my yard and pull them out of the ground too? 




 I'm currently renting a house up on a hill with a lake and city skyline view in a really wealthy neighborhood. The house is much older than those around it, and my previous landlord sold it last summer to a guy that plans to build a mansion on it starting in June. When he came over to check out the view, he was annoyed that the neighbors chimney and part of the roof obstructed some of the view. So he bought the neighbor's house, and is going to tear it down so he can have a better view.

I make a reasonable amount of money through my salary and investments, but this guy is rich like I've never seen before.

 




 With all their hot air they won't need to use helium!

I'll let myself out. 









 So glad I clicked one of the related videos: [Benny the Bull takes over a cooking show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4sZ6IBreZc) 




 I wouldn't necessarily be for moving specifically towards Iran, but I do wish our government would align with those who more closely aligned with our principles. Saudi Arabia is just about one of the most misaligned countries in the world.

Strategically keeping an alliance with Saudi Arabia is important. But ethically... Fuck them. 




 I think it's due to Russia. Now it's more important to have more friends than it is to have the ability to crush and restrain potential enemies. I suspect we'll see a push for an alliance with the Syrian government sometime in the not too distant future just to counter Russia's growing friendship there. 









 Just when you thought it couldn't get any worse... comes the sequel: "Bedtime: The Concussion".  




 Let's not be too quick to judge those responsible for such bureaucratic failures... I mean who among us has not lost track of a gigantic cargo transport jetliner before? 




 I personally believe that whole "asteroid mining" operation Planetary Resources isn't far behind. They are doing great work in advancing some key space technology, but their charter of mining asteroids seems like a market gimmick. Yet people buy it up and throw them funding every time a new article pops up about the mining of the future. 









 From the way they are handling him in the [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBGHLPzuSAk feature=youtu.be) and based on descriptions it seems like it may have just been severely mentally unstable person having a breakdown. In which case I could see multiple reasons why they wouldn't called it an attempted hijacking... Mainly that the airlines don't want to spook passengers of other flights, and because if it's mental illness they may not want to label him a hijacker and make things worse for whatever he's going through. 




 It's free, with the caviate of sponsored links/ads. They aren't intrusive at all however.

I'd recommend using Mint.com to anyone that wants to track their finances. You can also hook your investment accounts into it. 




 This cat seems to be broken. 




 A sponge that's been cleaned with another sponge of course. 




 There is a much cheaper solution. Installing posts on with a height marker spanning between them, much like those before fast-food drive-thrus. That way there is a non-destructive warning instead of disaster with that stationary guard.

Surely it's worth the cost. The liability alone for the city must be huge without it.  




 The options seem limited. The police can pull out to fortified positions and let the protesters potentially cause mayhem and destruction, or they ensure no protesters are on the street by implementing a curfew and also cracking down on congregating groups. They probably won't be exclusive either...

I really don't foresee anyway this will deescalate without some form of martial law. 









 I find it fascinating that "respect your elders" would have at one point included a lizard. My great great great great (continued)... was a lizard. 




 I'm here to help. 




 I think he's just pissed that when he went out to the dumpster he couldn't find all the free games he expected.

I wanted to see the video end with someone off-screen shouting "Hey! What are you doing back here?!?!" and then chasing him off down the street. 




 Maybe the Squirrel Republic will fight back and one day OP will have a knock at the door and open it to find a gigantic squirrel fashioned out of nuts. 




 Do you have that baseboard heater turned off? If not you may wake up much warmer and flamey than you'd like to be. 














 He totally sounds like Cricket from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. 




 Yeah, like that minor turbulence flight MH17 hit over Ukraine. 




 If you are both running Windows 7 or above. for media you can use the built-in remote streaming options in Media Player: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows7/stream-your-media-over-the-internet-using-windows-media-player 

For sharing files and space on Windows, you can go the simple route of enabling the FTP feature. It's pretty old-school, but it works, and you can combine it with disk quotas to ensure your friends don't hog all your space. You can find very rudimentary instructions for enabling ftp here: http://www.programmerfish.com/how-to-make-local-ftp-server-in-windows-7/ 




 "Dad?!? Why are you are you smearing bacon grease all over the door handles?" 




 Successfully accomplishing nothing with style. 




 I think it's a trade off between the risk you're willing to take. To get those kind of returns in the current market you'll likely need a somewhat aggressive fund, which presents a relatively high risk. The past few years have offered great returns on most mutual funds, but I think things are starting to slow down and volatility is returning.

If you own the property and it's insured, your risk there is low, assuming you can continue to find renters. What region is the property in? I'd suggest checking out a site like Zillow to get property value estimates and see what kind of appreciation is occurring in your market area. If appreciation is high, you'll get multiple bonuses... As home prices go up generally rent prices rise as well due to higher demand, and of course you'll be able to get a better return when you do choose to sell. 




 It's also tax free, so it's the route that should always be taken in contrast to the indirect method of selling your stocks and buying more in another account (which will cost you a big hit).

Not all funds can be transferred in this way however. I'm not sure about the exact definition of what can or cannot be transferred through ACATS, but in the past my transfers from one brokerage to another did not allow some foreign stocks from a mutual fund to be transferred. Those foreign stocks had to be liquidated, and the funds transferred separately. 




 The SEC really cracks down on that type of thing with fines and/or jail time. I'm sure there are stock advisers that do this, but it would not be trivial for someone with a high profile to do it without getting caught, or at the very least investigated. 




 I think for some this could be even more traumatizing, so care should be taken to ensure such a gift won't cause more breakdowns. For example my great grandmother had Alzheimer's, and as it advanced she lost more and more recent memories, including the death of her husband. When she'd see a picture of him, or hear his name, she'd become excited and ask for us to call him and have him join us (at family dinners). She'd be so persistent that she'd have to be reminded he had passed away, and each time it was like she was being told for the first time.. it was very traumatizing. We tried to keep discussions relevant to current events in order to avoid such triggers. I think in cases like hers, providing photos of the past may be better off avoided. 




 I'm fine with batteries losing efficiency with charge cycles over time, as it's a limitation of today's current technology and there is no way around it. But I'd like to be able to replace those batteries once they do become severely degraded. Having to buy an entirely new device just because the battery isn't removable seems so silly (outside of the business sense). 




 I wish phones/devices with non-removable batteries would get the same scrutiny. Even though I know I'll upgrade my phone a year or two after I buy it to stay up on the latest technology, I hate the fact that with many devices I am **forced** to buy a new model simply because the battery will be degraded so much it'll be unable to hold a decent charge. 









 Maybe I'm just cynical, but your account is only 10 days old and most contributions are related to electric vehicles and also investing in general... This seems like a pump-and-dump, and I think people should be extra wary of this rumor. 

Many people owning Tesla shares are financially worried about the Apple electric vehicle news and what it means for the future of the Tesla stock, and because of that I think we'll see a lot more false rumors on the horizon in an effort to inflate Tesla prices so major stock holders can jump ship or re-balance with Apple. 




 Why such a large CPU cooler? 




 I had a TV when I first moved out on my own that had a broken power switch, and occasionally it would get stuck when I turned it off and release at a later seemingly random time. When it did it would turn the TV back on to the antenna source, and I didn't have an antenna hooked up. So I'd wake up and hear static, and walk down to the living room to see the TV on lighting up the dark room. Even after I realized what was happening it still freaked me out, there were multiple times where I'd be so freaked out that I'd just turn my lights on, close the door, and go to sleep with the TV still on downstairs. 




 Keep in mind this was filmed for propaganda reasons to get more exposure for ISIS. By sharing the video on Reddit you are playing into their cause, no matter how inept their fighters really are.  




 ... Ryan? Ryan is that you? 




 Don't be silly... I certainly wouldn't make demands:

* All those bugs assigned to me? Make them go away!
* Flighting participation statistics? Give me 100% participation and 168 hours a week per machine.
* Standing at the Starbucks coffee machine waiting for the beans to be ground? No thank you, not for me. On-demand coffee delivery.

... that's just not me. 




 For Windows 8 and above, Defender shares the same common antimalware platform as MSE (meaning they offer the same protection). Defender is all you need.

But if you are on Windows 7 or below, MSE is the way to go. 




 Where is the 'delete all' button?!?!?!? 




 The Windows Defender team is rather small, and I am also on it... I'm not sure how to feel about this. Let's make a pact to never look at each others Reddit history for the sake of sanity.

But hello co-worker! Good to know I'm not the only one on our team guilty of browsing Reddit in the middle of the work day.

 




 You wouldn't have to exterminate all the mosquitoes to eliminate the threat to humans. There are many species of mosquitoes that do not feed on humans. From my perspective the next big breakthrough in mosquito control will come via genetic engineering, which will only affect specific targeted species.  














 I had a friend that did this, except instead of glass it was his bare ass.  After screaming his brother's name at the top of his lungs, the brother that was asleep raised his head straight up into a face full of dirty bare ass.

They were teens at the time, and they continue to provide awesome brotherly antics even into their 30s.  




 Thanks. Much better source. The OP's link leans towards blaming the police as being the culprits. They left out a lot of important information, including statements from the family saying she was unstable. 




 countercurrentnews.com? That sounds like a completely trustworthy and unbiased source. They might as well be the onion. 














 I started tracking my sleep 2 years ago along with other health indicators so I could better make 'tweaks' and see a response in the data. Right now I'm at 5.6 hours of sleep on average (and that's with a few nights of 8 hours in there too) for the last 14 days, which is nearing an all time low. Now I'm paranoid about the lack of sleep and being unable to get back on track... which makes me more paranoid that I won't be able to fall asleep, and therefore I can't fall asleep easily due to the anxiety. 

I think the worst thing someone can do for sleep is to start to worry about the sleep. It's what always sets it off for me. If I don't have to wake up at a specific time for work or an appointment it's a lot easier for me to fall asleep, but the moment I have an upcoming responsibility that's dependent on getting a good night of sleep, everything goes to hell in a handbasket.

If anyone has any tips for avoiding negative thoughts about sleep, that'd be awesome. 




 I'm on the team of a prominent software company that develops  prominent security software, and as such I have access to articles and the latest research in the security inner circles. Most of the news reports concerning this malicious firmware are inaccurate due to misunderstanding in both the general media and the general population.

This is a targeted attack, not an attack that affects everyone with a recent hard-drive. This is malicious firmware being flashed onto the devices AFTER manufacturing and packaging. Not during. This isn't the first time we've seen such malware, the difference this time is that the targets are so clear. What's happening here is that there is a middle-man between shipments from the hard-drive manufacturers and/or the retailers selling to the governments in question.

It takes a lot of resources to intercept drives, flash them, re-package them, and send them on their way. It's also possible a 'fake' seller/retailer has been granted sale contracts to these governments. The common user has no reason to worry, unless they work for the Russian government in a high profile position.  




 In the absence of war crimes and if the citizen is not aiding an enemy of the United States (which would be considered treason) it is legal. 

http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/959 




 Found the wet blanket. 




 You could say he really... schooled her...


^I'll ^show ^myself ^out. 




 At least they don't have to worry about the nightmarish itchiness. Seriously I wouldn't want to enter a house like a grain bin just because of all the horrible memories of suffering... No thanks! 









 Maybe it was a red cell operation, or just a citizen concerned with how vulnerable transmission lines are...

We cannot switch to a decentralized grid fast enough. I really really hope energy storage and solar takes off on a per-home basis, because our current power grid is a pending disaster. 




 I love the fear you can hear in their voices and the overall ominous feel as they know they can do nothing to stop the punishment they so deserve.  









 The title is Fubar. I work at a prominent software company on a team that develops prominent security software and systems. Whatever the system is, they are not going to be able to use it to pull password DBs and protected pages out of thin air or encrypted communications. 

What I suspect this is, is simply a monitoring system on an existing surveillance network, where the new tool crawls sites that are revealed through non-tunneled or encrypted requests. It's definitely not going to kill the 'dark web'. It'll just make it easier to discover criminal sites where the addresses were previously not revealed outside of the user base. 




 They may have been despised because they were so successful. People thought they were pushing non-Jews into poverty. The current extremist Muslim situation is much different, people despise them because they are killing and terrorizing citizens of their countries... not because they believe they are pushing others into poverty. 




 I have over a dozen speeding tickets (most minor speeding and never in a truly dangerous area) in the US and get pulled over a lot because my license plate will often become unreadable after driving on dusty roads. All but one officer has been extremely polite to me, and that includes city officers in addition to sheriffs and State Patrol. 

Most of the US videos I see where the officer is being an 'asshole' the person with the camera is not being polite either. Saying "am I being detained" over and over is not going to result in a polite conversation. I think with cops in pretty much any developed country, if you treat them with respect, they will treat you with respect. 




 Pretty soon these terrorists will get what they want, more conflict, but god I hope they are crushed without mercy when the masses of people begin to rise up and exterminate them. 









 "Arrrgh then me wakes up in a cold sweat." 




 Do Keurig cups provide the same type of benefits? Or would this be only something you'd get from freshly brewed coffee from whole beans? 




 I think OP's Mom would probably prefer chocolate.

Heyooooo. 









 One. A man named Owen who leaves behind his wife and seven children. 

There is more information about the family here: http://www.gofundme.com/OwenMurnion 









 How awkward would it be if it were 4 Yays and 1 Nay. 




 Terrifying in duration no doubt. This is over in seconds, bombings in WWII would last much longer with more intensity. It'd probably sound like freight trains crashing all around you, with smoke, choking dust, and fire thrown into the nightmare.

Even being underground would be horrendous. Hearing debris from the ceiling fall all around with a constant rumble and shaking, unaware of whether the next shell would land on top of you and bring the entire structure down. 




