 Ok. 

 The fearless hunter snatched her rifle, took aim at the deadly beast which was just 10 feet away, and gunned it down  saving her sibling's life 

Tanner White reportedly went outside to feed the family's dogs but, as he walked back to the house, the cougar jumped out from under one of their cars.With the young boy seemingly unaware he was being followed, he let himself back inside the house and shut the door.
His father then looked out the window and was stunned to see the cougar just feet away.
Cal Treser, enforcement officer for Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife, revealed that little Shelby White  who has a permit to kill cougars  acted immediately.
She grabbed her rifle and shot the cougar dead, before posing for pictures alongside her kill, he added.

The reason my granddaughter shot the cougar was because she was only one in our family that had a tag, William White says. Were trying to follow the law as best we can.


My point being, if you have the time to decide who should shoot the animal due to permits, then youre most likely not in a life or death situation. Or youre making bullshit up. 
 




 this is reddit, its what we do 




 Here's the jist of it. Tags are given by the state to control the taking of wild game, as to account for numbers and how many can be taken without endangering the species/family in the area. Its legal to kill these animals if you have the proper tags.

The problem is this. When you have 700 acres of land in the northwest, poaching is easy. The story that the family is going with absolutely makes no sense at all. They paint a picture of this 11 year old girl being a bad ass traccker, shes not. There is no way her and little brother are hanging out and she runs in the house, after making the ethical decision with her family that she should kill the cougar sense she was the only one with a tag, grabs a rifle and quick scopes a 3ft cougar "stalking" her brother. Especially with their prior engagements with endangered animals.

Favorite line is by the grandpa saying were just trying to follow the law as best as we can or what not. No, no, no my friend, your last issue wasnt a little mistake, it was you consciously killing an endangered animal then trying to mail it over the border under false labeling. You are not a law abiding sportsman, youre a piece of shit. The equivelent of Fred Phelps to the sportsman community. 




 can confirm. am cougar. would have mauled kid. 




 not for me 




 hmmm, i feel like there is so much more to this story... what happened at the country club... wheres tiger woods? 




 Its great man 









 You should have just freaking blew all of it at Pechanga Hotel 




 your correct 




 your wrong
 




 Maurice Henry Pappworth (9 January 1910  12 October 1994) was a pioneering British medical ethicist and tutor, best known for his 1967 book Human Guinea Pigs, which exposed the unethical dimensions of medical research. Born and educated in Liverpool, Pappworth graduated as a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery in 1932 from Liverpool University. After working in a series of junior medical positions, his applications for more senior posts were rejected because of his Jewish parentage. In the Second World War he served in the Royal Army Medical Corps. Having been unsuccessful in achieving a post in any well known London hospital after the war, he set up in London as an independent medical consultant and tutor.

Pappworth's teaching of postgraduate students had a profound effect on the Membership of the Royal College of Physicians (MRCP) examination pass rate, and his contact with junior doctors led him to investigate the ethics of medical research on humans. The publication of Human Guinea Pigs, which examined unethical medical research practices, exposed the subject to a wider audience and led to Pappworth's becoming persona non grata within the medical establishment for much of his career, but ultimately helped lead to stricter codes of practice for human experimentation. 









 if youre curious about the topic look up "Human Guinea Pig" By Maurice Henry Pappworth. Book covers the stories of service members affected by nuclear research / test that the government denies benefits for. 

Really interesting, there a chapter about the guys who went aboard the ships after the testing at Bikini Atoll. Sailors, living on nuclear tainted ships, for weeks at a time cleaning the. Also talks about the guys who watched the testings out in arizona. 




 hmm... 




 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins, does that count? 




