 well i would still love to hear about your time hangin out with those bands. maybe you could do an AMA sometime or something like that 




 do you still live in seattle? i linked you to a Mad Season song before i saw that you hung out with alice in chains. i did my college essay on Spoonman. if you're still in seattle lets grab a few drinks sometime 




 hey op - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fm72DPJCX58

mad season - river of deceit 




 I do to but only when I camp. But I did steal someone's hub cap one time to use as a base so I didnt start a forest fire. I put it on the roof of their car in the morning burnt and charred. Feel bad about that 




 damn, thanks i had no idea that was possible. i was thinking about making them out of skateboard wheels 




 "Mexican officials late Saturday said he was apprehended with a man identified as Carlos Manuel Hoo Ramirez, contradicting earlier reports that he was arrested with a woman."

#REKT 




 he posted it to a different subreddit each time 




 i like your other video too. any damage to the motorcycle? i wonder if i should put sliders on my supermoto after i get it 




 school security guard put a boot on my car so i took off the tire, took the boot off, put tire back on and was driving away when he came out. he pulled me out of my car and searched my car without permission (later he said i gave him permission) and found a bb gun i forgot about. when i went to jail i spilt some hot ham juice on my foot and got a huge blister bubble (hot ham juice is the most dangerous weapon in jail, that shit was over 100 degrees) but aside from that jail was pretty cool. just watched family guy and played cards and read all day, got 3 meals a day and could take a shower whenever i wanted. i kinda want to go back to jail 




 they chose that job so they could abuse their authority and go on power trips, that's what appealed to them and made them go after those jobs. nobody wants to look closely at people's assholes but i guess domination over other people outweighed the downside for them. i hope none of the reddit mods decide to be prison guards, that's a scary thought 




 if i ever cried i would die of dehydration. i'm like the people in Dune  




 my piss tastes like Rainier or Rainier tastes like my piss 




 
"yeah me and my playstation are gonna have a wild night." i might also try to finish that movie i have watched every night this week but only remember a few more minutes of it everytime 




 i've lived in seattle my whole life and never done any of the cool stuff on that site. never even been to the spaceneedle  




 jpepe is a poop name. unless your last name is pepe then i'm sorry 




 light has energy, when it encounters an object it pushes it a little bit so you weigh more when the lights are on NASA has to account for light when it goes on long missions. chicago weighs 300 pounds more when its sunny, faggot 




 i'm have to remember that line. 




 not for OP's friend now 




 starring that one black girl in that movie where she overcomes adversity and hardship, while being oppressed into having to attend school 




 i guess i shouldn't of pissed on my laptop. but maybe the fucker deserved it, i don't remember 




 what is Grain belt? i'm a washingtonian and love my craft beers too, especially when i go down to oregon. 




 i keep a beer koozie in my shower so i can hawaiin hotbox and drink cold beers 




 Look on the bright side, you might just have parkinsons 




 Widespread panic 




 I sleep good. When I used to sleep sober I'd hum the cat-dog cartoon song to sleep 




 Something just downloaded onto my phone when I clicked that link. Better not have a fucking penis on my phone now 




 You're shoes will be fine. You don't want to know what my wallets been throu 




 That's disgusting I would smell like piss for weeks 




 Can you please shoot a video of like a dozen guys titty fucking an obese woman with different parts of fat on her body? Please. And then link to me after?
 




 I really want to watch a video of like a dozen guys titty fucking an obese woman with different parts of fat on her body. Sadly no such video exists 




 No I had the shower running so nobody would hear the lotion and to get the water hot. But I came too fast the water was cold 




 Anyone know if a video exists of like a dozen guys titty fucking an obese woman at the same time but with different parts of fat on her body? I need this.  




 We accept him! We accept him! One of us! One of us! Gooble gobble! Gooble gobble! 




 I just tasted my cum too! Parents wanted to Skype with relatives so I took a shower and unrolled the hose. I was on my back and meant to cum on my shirt but came too hard. Fuckin Jenni lee... 




 i asked my dad for a zip (an ounce of weed) when i meant to ask my friend dave. i then told him a zip meant a full tank of gas because i panicked.  




 "if marriage didn't exist would you invent it? would you say to your girlfriend, 'hey baby. this shit's so good let's get the government in on it. i love you so much let's get lawyers and judges involved'" - doug stanhope (paraphrased) 




 $10,000 bail = $1,000 bond. his family left him in there because they didn't want to lose $1,000? 




 i would rather have someone who does drugs in congress than someone who never has or sucked at using drugs 




 pterodactyl   




 i'm sure you can find the whole thing on reddit in 5 minute clips 




 men can't be raped you faggot 




 i didn't ask to be circumcised  




 so since it doesn't go through my stomach would i still piss myself? or would i piss out my asshole? 




 wasn't expecting that. have some of [this](http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lryu9iTeb31r3bm2co1_500.jpg) and some of [this!](http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ls3scfgKRT1qjcf0do1_500.jpg) 




 that's what i've been doing for awhile but doesn't seem to work. i tried swishing hydrogen peroxide around in my mouth but that always gets me close to puking 




 wow thank you. thanks a lot. how much toothpaste should i put in though? 




 i usually only smoke when i drink. and average 1.5 cups of coffee a day 




 "In this moment, I am euphoric. Not because of any phony god's blessing. But because, I am enlightened by my intelligence."  




 fighting ninjas in the backyard and using pine cones as grenades. no wonder they gave me special education 









 i would dress as a hobo and hold a sign that says "single mother, please help. god bless" 




 i drank my piss when i thought it was beer. it tasted kinda like oxygenated beer so i took another sip, then i realized. i also drank chewing tobacco spit  




 [Joe Camel](http://eppy7890.files.wordpress.com/2009/06/joe_camel.jpg) 




 these fucking assholes call them munchies and they put pretzels in them. what kind of sick bastard would do that? 




 fuck munchies. who the fuck thought it would be a good idea to put pretzels in them? i give the pretzels to my dog so he'll drink beer 




 my mom stole my weed 




 i was forced to go to NA awhile ago. i think that if you want to stop drinking then you should go. why wouldn't you go if there's a small chance it will help you reach your goal? yes it's extremely religious but that only takes up a few minutes of it, the rest is about hearing other talk openly 




 i want to, i just don't know where or how to start 




 how do i go about learning more about a PC? the audio on my laptop stopped working so i learned how to uninstall the audio driver and then restore my laptop to how it is when you first buy it. but that's all i know how to do know.  




 do you have the one of the dog with the smile? 




 i understand why the US gives so many billions of dollars to Israel, but at some point it's like we're financing terrorism... again 




 i hope he gets compensation for this happening to him and i really hope those officers lose their jobs, but any money he receives comes from tax payers.  




 you're old enough to shoot people and get shot at for your country but not old enough to smoke a cigarette? 




 remember to stay hydrated buddy 




 i guess there's a benefit that all japanese teenagers never leave their room 




 how did he only shoot 3 people? does he have parkinson's disease? 




 i just watched Person of Interest and thought that guy would make the perfect batman 




 i don't know. i'd rather not have a job and still get paid 




 well i guess it's ok as long as it's on purpose.  














 i think so too because i've heard dogs try to run when they sleep. can dogs talk to other dogs like humans talk?  




