


































 Thank you for the correction in spelling and the funny pun. 









 McConnell is married to the daughter of a Chinese shipping magnet. I believe McConnell is playing both China and the US for personal gain. He has a foot in each country, and his Chinese father-in-law has financed McConnell's past elections. I don't trust the putz one bit. 
































































 A golden retriever is artificial selection; a tiger is natural selection. 




 Believing one book holds all of life's answers is like shutting your mind to the entire universe. 




 Ecstasy is the romance novel. Take it with acid and you're now "candy tripping", at least that's what we called in the past.  




 The answers to this have a truthiness quality that reflect the cuteness of a polar bear while ignoring it will gladly eat you. 












































 Dire Straights - *Love Over Gold* 




 I completely agree that most people don't understand a god that asked Abraham to kill his kids just for kicks. You know, the religion that says it's okay for their followers to consider themselves morally superior to unbelievers. If Islam takes over the US, we'll be ready for sharia law because it's been forced on us by "christians." 




 Watching morbidly obese people try to act dainty while eating a really fattening desert. You just know that at home the person vacuums that desert right up. 





























 How is this different from the sharia law that conservatives are always screaming in fear about? 




































































































































































 It's hard to argue against willful ignorance so I won't make any further attempts on that part. 





























 Here's one from the [General Accounting Office](http://www.gao.gov/assets/670/665966.pdf) that provides the relevant numbers. Again, conservative ideology runs away from empirical evidence, so put on your running shoes. 









 The number is literally in the millions, but conservative ideology largely ignores evidence based arguments. Faced with empirical evidence, conservative ideology falls apart in relation to voter fraud so they fight back by making disingenuous arguments that appeal to fear mongers. 














 Over the US's political lifetime the numbers are in the millions. The reports from the justice department on the number of illegal voters, however, said their numbers are minute. For a democracy to work, it requires the participation of the entire population. It still pains me that people believe the US is a democracy when for most of its existence it kept African Americans from voting. 
























 Driven by conservative ideology that relies on nonexistent fears, in this case over voter fraud, to mask the true goal of limiting voter turnout. 









 As long as the SC is dominated by conservative ideology American voters will continue to lose access to voting rights. 














 I'd watch the "masturbators", "balls", and "backdoor" movies. I could just see bilbo stabbing an enemy. 




 *Intergalactic Knitting*  
  
*Knitting Guardians of the Galaxy*  
  
*Taken 3: Knitting*  
  
See what I did there? Add knitting to any movie title and it's instantly boring. 





























 Wow...I didn't know the bible was so explicit describing the rape of j. 









 I agree...religion has no place in politics. J freaks need to keep their ignorance in relation to science and morality to themselves. Where does the religious interference end? Do we allow islam and jewish law the right to formulate policy? 














 Let's see how many religious nuts I can offend by providing evidenced based proof about J's marital status:  
  
When the Romans crucified an individual, it was usually done by the book. However, since J's crucifixion was politically motivated, the Roman soldiers tasked with overseeing his execution would be far more attentive to the rules. A major rule the Romans wouldn't have bent for anyone was that only family was allowed to view the body while it remained in their custody. One of those allowed to see j's body was Mary Magdalene. This means that she was either related to j or she was his wife. 
  
Looking at the whole ordeal from the contemporary Roman POV, j was just another jewish idiot claiming to be important, and there were a lot of those during the period. A good example is j. the bapt., who claimed to be a prophet and healer sanctioned by g to dunk people in water. It is only time that has provided the event with any importance, especially for the Romans. 



























































 Most of the people I know who dislike Bibi say it's because he doesn't keep his word, and is very sneaky. They point to a television show that visited Bibi's home to highlight that the PM lived in a modest home, but were shown instead the servants' quarters. I believe that if he were assassinated, the peace process would make greater progress. 
























 In the course of my day I visit a number of Star Bucks and in some areas of Seattle people routinely refuse to flush the toilet in the coffee shops. It seems like a cultural thing. 







































 Japan refused to surrender in WWII, forcing the U.S. to drop the bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Declassified records revealed that Japan repeatedly attempted to surrender eight days prior to bombs being dropped. 




















































































 Abraham from the bible. That prick tried to kill his kid and blamed it on the voices. He also kept slaves and probably raped one. Noah was a pretty big asshole, too, as his daughters were killed by bears because he fucked them.  
  
Edit: Bring it on god-squad. 




 When I watched Katie Holmes in *The Giver* I wondered if she drew on her times with Tom Cruise. 




 If you worked for Edison, he got to keep all your research. This included any experimental processes the worker did during the home hours. 




 For the kids, an upside-down christ on a cross. 




 Why stop at dead bodies when zombies are so much more fun? 









 I can just imagine her spitting out some folksy "double-speak" that defends Iran's right to "drill-baby-drill" while demanding it be wiped off the earth's face for its nuclear policy. 









 Just think, McCain could have been our president and this is the level of intelligence he would have brought to our foreign affairs. 





























 Justice in the U.S. is distributed unfairly. 



















 What's that sound you hear? It's the door to the presidency slamming loudly shut in Christie's face. 

















































 Bankers, politicians, executive management, police, movie stars, Kanye, are good examples of this phenomenon.  




 I immediately signed the petition because I consider these 47 senators cowards whose irrational dislike of the president lead them to sabotage the negotiation process. Republicans literally fear just about everything: gun control, the FCC, banking regulations, the minimum wage, non-existent voter fraud, immigrants, unions, taxes, paucity of religion in government, the EPA, American history, birth control, abortion, health care, and....well, you get the idea. 





































































 I know and understand the long history of the united states, but I don't believe a past political party has shown such contempt for a president. It's sad. 





























