



















 because the fighters quickly descended into irrelevancy 




 I remember I had to pull a ton of strings so that I could check out Rampage v. Jardine a few years back.  Funny how important it seemed at the time 









 It's a brand new imac that had OS X yosemite 10.10.1.. I updated to 10.1.2.

I ran the diagnostics test (said everything was okay), repaired disk permissions.. and its still happening 




 iMovie, Pages, Safari..Chrome...Preview... every app will intermittently crash. Is this common? Any fixes? Should I take it in? 














 You are correct sir. That was well worth my time! Well done. if you decide to do anymore, adding in some footage from all of the UFC embedded videos would be awesome!  Great stuff. 




 Hellz yeah, keep these bad boys coming...

July can't come fast enough 



















 I could watch one of these videos every day up until the fight 







































 "Can we sharpen our pencil?" Classic statement from THE DON 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKjr3S6NxPo 




 Not really. unless you're doing lots of video editing/rendering. Extra $ is better spent on more RAM or an SSD drive 














 Based on some of Jose's answers, I wonder if the translator was keeping some of McGregors quips to herself 




 Man, it's like Dana is just trying bait them into an on-air altercation at some point 




 Trigger's what? What's the outcome of clapping? 




 Who are the fools downvoting this? UFC has a golden opportunity with mcgregor/aldo and they're going to push this bad boy for months on end. 




 That's some Chael Sonnel level disrespect right there.. surprised this hasn't been discussed more widely 









 Not sure why this is being downvoted.. one of the better Also/Mcgregor articles out there?! 



















 Unintentional "feature" I'd imagine.. just giving folks time to do Touch ID, no? 
































































 40% of iPhone users interested in Apple Watch? Seems encouraging for an entirely new product 






















































 Hahah great premise 









 Wasn't this a collaborative effort with many other companies?
 










































































 15 hours?? 





























 iPhone 5s might very well be the best electronic device I've ever owned 
























 Rousey looking gaunt... Zingano looking good!! 




 Bellator , putting on the fights FANS WANT TO SEE! 









 In other words, for just browsing the web and watching Netflix, does a Retina display provide a noticeable advantage? 




 I suppose technically, but they just added a low-end model with a slower processor.. the 21.5 imac with the core i5 2.7ghz has remained unchanged for 18months now! 









 I suppose if Apple is waiting for Broadwell processors, we'll be waiting a while, right? 




 What about an imac refresh? 









 Last update was late 2013 














 With Broadwell seemingly about power efficiency (ie more benefits for laptop users than desktop), what type of benefits will Intel Skylake bring to the table? 
























 yeah, that's been my main question.. are there noticeable improvements jumping from the i5 to i7 




 Did you think going with the i7 over the i5 was more beneficial than going with more RAM? 




 Seems like the iMac hasn't been updated since late 2013. Is getting a new iMac today essentially getting a machine that's 1.5 years old? 
























  I took a picture with him last year at Comic Con, same price, definitely worth it! He even held a box cutter to my neck.

Sold!  









 So he's an elite offensive player who can put up points.. if that doesn't help translate into wins, what's the appeal?  




 Ticket sales? To have a star on the team at any cost? Deluding themselves into thinking he could be a leader that makes other players around him better? 







































 What's frustrating is that the UFC has all the pieces in place to be AMAZING.. but they're dropping the ball.

To wit, Anderson Silva -- steroids aside -- back a few years ago was THE best fighter anyone had ever seen. And yet, from 2009 to 2013, he fought just twice a year. We can't even get the champ fighting 3 times a year just once?  




 Disagree. There can be a happy medium. 45 fight cards in 2014.. It's not outlandish to argue that it's a smidge too much and ultimately leads to watered down fight cards. 









 Everyone getting popped for steroids, champions fighting just twice a year at the most, over saturation, weak cards are the rule and not the exception, not many new emerging stars.. Seems like UFC was so laser focused on "Expanding" into markets like China and Phillipines that they neglected the core product.   
























 That's kinda bogus. 









 I wonder if every 5 years is average or not 
























 I believe the mid 2014 iMacs are not user upgradeable 









 And if so, for what? 




 I remember watching this live and wishing the fight would keep on going just to witness more brilliance and matrix like maneuvers from Silva 





























