 We've been together for two weeks, dating since the beginning of March.  




 I haven't cheated on her. I want to tell her that because it sounds far better than 'I'm constantly afraid and need your attention.'  




 My God, I've been sitting here for an hour. Summarizing my four-year story into a few long-sentenced passages is... challenging. 

I've never been good with beginnings, and I suppose there're several ways to being this. Option #1, five years ago. A thirteen-year-old fella falling in love with the most beautiful brown-headed girl in Tel Aviv. Some luck has made their paths cross and spend a few weeks together. Best fucking weeks of his youth. Worst fucking breakup. 

He's been dreaming about her ever since. Four years of a growing depression, memories, anxiety, burning his goddamn throat, and producing more tears than sperm cells. Life sucks.

This fella is almost a soldier now, and he even has a little beard that reminds everyone of a Spanish pornstar but generally, he's pretty. 

Last month he began talking with another girl. That's the second beginning. It wasn't the first time he tried to restore a relationship that would be as the one he had, but this time it developed into something expectational. They talk every day. She laughs, she hears all about his talents, his passions, and eventually they meet. 

God, this 3rd person thing is ridiculous.

So we meet. And I probably burned about a thousand calories the night beforehand. I wrote everything I feel about her. Every little thought of my mind, that's abnormally imaginative when I'm on the verge of tears.   I had my doubts, obviously. I just didn't want to fuck this up, goddamn it - I didn't want to be alone again. 

We met, she thought it was great, I thought I was pathetic. I thought I fucked up. I sent her what I wrote about her, and stopped talking with her for a week. Eventually, I couldn't be alone anymore. I texted her. She says she loves me. I say I love her. We're together, and goddamn I burn a thousand calories every hour ever since. 

I can't sleep. I can't study. I can't speak properly because I'm always anxious. At some point, I can't write anymore. Everything I text her is briefly examined, and the verdict is already obvious: It's the worst thing I could possibly text. 

Nonetheless, I continue to be funny. Sometimes I'm still sad, and she knows that. She knows I'm fucking anxious and that I feel pathetic about myself. She knows, and she still fucking loves me. She does, the problem is - I don't trust it. I know I'm pathetic, I know everything I say is wrong and I'm always scared. 

THE PROBLEM: I'm always scared. I wanna cry beneath the sheets and never wake up again. I wanna be alone, but in the long-term I know I don't. Actually, I don't know what I want. I know whatever I'm gonna do I'm gonna be anxious. We planned on meeting tomorrow, and I wanna say I can't. I wanna say I cheated on her and be fucking alone. Alone is safer, it's familiar. But It's wrong, isn't it?
   
**tl;dr**: I'm anxious screwing up, and wanna avoid my GF because of that. 

Edit: To make things clear, I haven't cheated on her.  




 I was feeling the same way. Try observing yourself from a 3rd person view. "If this guy asked me for advice now, considering these circumstances- what would I suggest?" 




 This is truly inspiring. Well done, pal!  









 Telling her in person is certainly the better option of the two. 

I was surprised to read you wanted to confess her about your depression- which you don't. I must've misunderstood you there.

I used to pretend everything was OK as well while everything was actually fucked up. I can promise you that telling someone about your depression feels SO GOOD, and I think that you're heading towards that. Good luck! 




  If you decide to her the whole thing, I'd say don't be so bold. Prepare a short text of what you're going to say, but not an entire speech. Work on how you're going to begin this text because she's probably gonna ask you a whole bunch of questions. How much do you really wanna tell her?  




 Suck it up, goddamn it. 

Finish the damn shift and go home. Don't go to your bed, but think. Think outside of your irrational emotions, mute the fucking voices and think. What do you wanna do? Say the first thing that comes to your mind, just an on-the-spot answer. Write it down. No, seriously, WRITE IT DOWN.

Wrote it? No, for God's sake. That's a short-term answer. Think larger. What do you wanna do? 

Think about the times you were younger. When you were hoping to become a firefighter, or a painter. Why would you choose something so fucking financially-unrewarding? What kind of things were you hoping to get? To change?

Now, if you don't think this answer is the stupidest fucking thing anyone has ever said to a suicidal man, then I want you to do me a favor. I want you to write things you're gonna do today that involve you getting a step closer towards that long-term goal. If you wanna be a software designer, download Visual Studio. If you wanna be a fucking writer, write the first sentence of your best-seller to be. Tomorrow, I want you to write another sentence. As a matter of fact, write two and trust me, man, you're gonna get so fucking ecstatic you did. 

Btw, what's your favorite color? 




 Writing.

"Collecting inspiration" for writing.  




 Different numbers, literally the exact same story. Long relationship, breakup, comparing girls to the previous relationship, feeling depressed, feeling anxious, feeling pathetic. 

I was lost in the same maze you are, because I always considered myself a sad person but I was afraid of appearing as one. However, I discovered an interesting thing. Women like variety. While you still posses the benefits of a young bond, if you could present your funny charachter, she'd have no problem with your sad charachter. Moreover, she'd probably fucking love it. Meeting a man who's both funny and depressed, and can manage both, is amazingly rare. 

About the anxiety of messing up, I'd say do some breathing techniques. Remember she probably feels the same way you do at this stage, even if sometimes she seems less emotionally attached. Women have their damn tactics. 

If you do feel anxious, take some time off. Despite its benefits of making her wonder why you took the time off, it really let's you relax. Think. Make decision while your mind isn't fueled by irrational emotions.

I might've gone too far in this reply, but those are some things I used in a smiliar situation and I'm currently comitted. 

And, of course, sorry for any silly mistakes in grammer. I live outside the US. 




 How many of you have once made progress regarding depression, and for a while might've been a bit thrilled with life, and woke up one morning to find yourself depressed again - yet in a different way?

You have these thoughts again, you hear this particular song, or scroll through Facebook seeing something that triggers the monsters- and even thought you already know how to deal with them, you read about it, despite all that, there's something blocking you from being happy again.

Almost as if you need a variety from all the happiness you've been having all week, and perhaps you wanna be yourself once again now. Depressed. It feels familiar, and honestly being this long without depression feels unnatural, and the more you think about it, the greater the fall for depression, and being thrilled and happy with life seems fake.

Nonetheless, you've achieved your variety. In some way, you think, you like this change of mood. I know I do. 

Just sharing my thoughts.  




 Watch Tony Robbins. 




 I'm 17, and I'm ashamed to admit I read a single book last year.

I've ADD, and I hate using it as an excuse for not enjoying the great world of literature. I listened to The Great Gatsby's audiobook, mostly because I've seen Fitzgerlad's quotes around the web and it was so beautifully written. 

Anyways, I would like to start reading. And I'm gonna continue reading the book even if it hurts, but I would like something interesting. Something inspiring, something great that I probably have never read. Nonetheless, something that isn't written in Fitzgerlad's English because that's still rather difficult for me.

Please help! 
 




 It's a shame such a thing has been left untreated, however, anxiety is such a major issue these days that fortunately enough there are several treatments for it that don't even require anyone else to know of your condition. I assume you've been searching for such treatments by now, so I'd like to hear what's your experience and what have you already tried. 




 I've been dealing with the same feelings for the past months, but I'm currently doing better.

The best breathing technique that worked for me was the 4-7-8. It is originally designed to make you fall asleep quickly, but I found it to be reducing anxiety during the day as well. 

You simply breathe in through your nose for four seconds, hold your breath for seven seconds, and exhale through your mouth for eight seconds. When you feel stressed or anxious, adrenaline courses through your veins, your heart beats at a rapid rate, and your breathing becomes quick and shallow. [The] effect of the breathing technique feels almost like a sedative drug, because in order to hold your breath for seven seconds and then to exhale for eightwhen your breath is so shallow and shortyour body is forced to slow your heart rate. It has no choice. Holding your breath, and then slowly, deliberately exhaling for eight seconds, causes a chain reaction. It feels like going from a mad-dash sprint to a finish line to a slow, leisurely, calming stroll through the park.

Watch relaxing videos several minutes before bedtime. Just google 'relax', and let YouTube take you through endless cat videos and the sounds of the ocean. 

Whenever you feel like you're getting into these thoughts again, take a breath. Use the same 4-7-8 technique, and try to evaluate the situation in 3rd person. Say, "Is whatever's bothering him REALLY that dangerous, or is his mind just not thinking clearly right now?"

I hope you'll be doing better. Keep me updated.  




 It's known that marijuana may cause anxiety for some people, luckily it's really easy to stop using. I would suggest avoiding 'irregular' treatments and start approaching anxiety through the old-fashioned way. There is a countless amount of articles regarding anxiety, but you may begin with the top posts in this subreddit. 

I've recently began a program called 'The Human Approach', you could google that even if you're unsure of your condition at the moment. 




 1. When I change the skin, the app restarts in an ugly way.
2. I'd like to see the regular iPhone passcode, rather than a complicated one (with a string of text). 

Other than that, everything seems to be nice. iPhone 5 - iOS 8.3 




 I haven't told anyone about my writing. It's one of the few things that keep me passionate in life, that gives purpose to my depression. I like it. Anxiety makes me imagining things turning out wrong, but for some reason it's not like that with writing. I imagine myself turning out as a good author, even though I'm only seventeen and English isn't my native language.

Anyways, I feel better now. Thanks. (: 




 Assuming you're using Chrome:

1. Right click on the button.

2. Should present something as: "thebutton-container pressed"

3. Change it to: "thebutton-container unpressed"

4. Press the button. 




 I mean, without losing sensation there by morning. 




 I've been writing for two years, but honestly I don't have the energy anymore. I'm stuck. I'm anxious. .I'm worried about failure because I never myself anymore. I'm a miserable fucking teenager trying to hide his depression from people because no one likes these 'depressed people'. Instead, I try to act carelessly, as if I don't give a fuck while I'm actually a prostitute of feelings, and it's not going well for me, too. I've no control, so I figured that if I'm already destroying myself I might as well do it intentionally. 

Nonetheless, self-destruction doesn't feel good, too.  




 Everything I do makes me anxious. Trying to improve my relationships gets me obsessively anxious and ultimately depressed. 
I just lost hope things will get better. It's a fucking lie.   




 When you don't believe you could get better anymore, when there's no reason to thrive for better things anymore. I believe this has more to do with r/suicidewatch.  




 While I believe ADHD has a direct connection with creativity, having many ideas bursting simultaneously means nothing if you can't manage them. I usually try to perfect all of them altogether and, therefore, leave them unfinished. 




 28 on PC. 




 I'm scared of changes. I'd rather be sad, and lonely, and live with pain because honestly that's what I've been doing for the last couple of years. No, I'm not ready for adulthood. 

How should I tell them? Explain the whole thing, or just say I need treatment?  




 You're gonna be okay. I'd kill to be consulted right now.  




 The main reason is I would be emberassed. They would treat me differently, and perhaps I'm gonna end up as the fucked up kid in the family. Moreover, I'm generally affraid of changes. I don't know.  




 My parents are just very old-fashioned. I'm sitting by the computer most of the day and we don't have such a great connection. I would feel very emberassed telling them I've anxiety, and I fear I would be treated diferently as if I'm just crazy.  




 I live in Israel. I will be drafted in 7 months and I believe I could see a psychologist there even thought it may get me dismissed from the army. 




 I'm 17 and I've been dealing with serious anxiety for the last couple of months. I wanna get help, but I don't wanna tell my parents that I've anxiety (or anyone else I know, for that matter). 

Are there any possibilities for me to get treated without them knowing? I live outside the US. 




 My name would appear somewhere on the news and my friends would go 'omg but he was so happy', and watching their temporary surprise is probably the only thing worth living for. I'd love to see what they have to say, if any one them would blame themselves and if she would ever know. Perhaps at some point some of my journals and fantasies would be found and she would remember me. That's the other thing worth living for.  




