










































































 The data was downloaded from OECD Stat Extract.

In Excel, I plotted the percentage by gender achieving the highest proficiency level in mathematics in Japan, the USA, UK, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. 


















































































































































































































































































 The data is from OECD StatExtract.

In Excel, I plotted the reading scores by gender of the top performers in Japan, USA, UK, Canada and Australia. 


























































































































































































































































































































 The data was downloaded from the World Bank doing business survey portal.

In Excel, I plotted the respective sub rankings by various categories of doing business for Russia and Greece 














 The data is downloaded from In It Together - Why Less Inequality Benefits All -  OECD 2015.
In Excel, I plotted the child poverty rates for the UK, USA and Canada from 1988.
 













































































































 The data was downloaded from the OECD family database.

In Excel, I calculated the average income tax by family type on the average wage after cash transfers for USA, UK, Australia and New Zealand. 



























































 Data from OECD StatExtract. In excel, I plotted tertiary attainment of adults aged 25-34 in Australia, New Zealand, USA, UK and Canada, in 2000 and 2011. 








































































































 The data is downloaded from the world top incomes database..

In Excel, I plotted the shares of gross income of the top 0.1% in Australia, Canada, the USA and UK 
























