 I work for a gas station and I get coffee or fountain soda for 30 while at work. 









 Figure out what product or service you're going to be offering/selling. 




 It is a pretty retarded reason to downvote someone, but I do think Americans don't have so much of an issue with soccer being referred to as football everywhere else, but rather another completely different sport in America already being named football. 




 Username checks out. 




 A significant amount of racial tension is caused by minorities segregating themselves and constantly playing the victim card and crying racism because they dislike something someone's said or done regardless of the situation. 

Not saying there's no such thing as real racism, and not saying all minorities are like this, but (in America at least) this is a significant cause to the perpetuation of racial tension. This can also apply to other "discriminated against" demographics, not just minority races. 




 I've had 1-3 cats pretty much my entire life. 

First of all, the kid is barely even touching the cat, and that's one way cats play with each other, by slapping each other, only harder than that kid was doing it and with claws that sometimes aren't completely tucked away. 

Second of all, the cat is showing zero signs of anger, irritation or aggression. He's showing signs of a cat in "play feral mode" waiting for the opportune moment to playfully strike back, which he did. This is likely why the person filming did nothing, this is probably a common occurrence between this boy and his cat. 

TLDR; Nothing went wrong. 




 I got this on [a shirt for my birthday from my girlfriend.]( http://imgur.com/kYs61D4 )

I even tweeted it to Bill Nye and Neil Degrasse Tyson but to no avail 

Edit: image and grammar 




 Obviously he's guilty, but I don't understand how they conclude that a sane person would ever do something like this... no matter what the reason he's given or circumstances, *no sane person would ever shoot up a movie theater full of innocent people.* 




 Then please explain to me how in 30 thousand years we've managed to go from wolves to poodles and pugs? 

Wait, I'll do it for you. It's called evolution by *artificial selection,* and we do it with animals *all the time.* We take our understanding of how evolution by *natural selection* and speed things up in the direction we want it to go by *selective breeding.* 

You're welcome. I've helped you make use of the internet so you could LEARN something. 




 Negative. We have a machine that scans the information and pulls it the same way a card reader does and declines accounts without proper funds. 

As I said, *exactly the same as a debit card.* Only longer. 




 Not boring no, but I've personally found women with no real interest or hobby that they can kill some time with to be quite clingy... like wanting to occupy the same space as me 99% of the time, which is alarming and serves really to push me away. 

Not sure if that's an answer to your question or not but yeah. 




 This is similar to every conversation I have about anything technology related with anyone in my family older than 50. 




 I linked this once a year or two ago in an askreddit thread and got accused of writing this myself for attention by a couple people so it turned into a huge downvote fest lol.

Edit: I linked the entire blog or whatever. 




 The first picture of the Olympic Archer was awesome. 




 I'm a big fan of stopping to stretch my legs frequently. It pisses off people I'm traveling with but I think safety and sanity comes before getting there 20 minutes sooner.. 




 Gas station cashier here.

They're not super common, no. On average I do about 400-500 transactions in an 8 hour shift (big city, busy area, and a drive thru) and I see probably 3 checks a day on average. It royally irritates me because it's **literally** the same thing as using your debit card, only it takes 2 minutes instead of 2 seconds. 




 Yup I've had that happen before. People get really butthurt on reddit and when you don't feed them with replies they do whatever they think will get under your skin. 




 I seriously thought this was satire... Wow. Just wow. This is beyond dumb. 




