 Me personally?  I like to use the search feature to see the 300 other times someone asked those question. 




 That's basically my line of thinking 




 No idea it's probably something custom. 




 Nope hood was closed otherwise I would have. 




 None, the guy can't have passion projects? 




 I am thinking a lot about this in my current job as well as how I want to run my startup that I am working on launching and when I think about what if it becomes successful and I employ 10, 50 500 people and will the business thrive based on certain ideas I want to implement.  A lot of the ideas I have gotten come from 37 Signals which puts out a blog with some very interesting work practices.  Some of the things I would like to implement are:

* Unlimited vacation

* Unlimited sick days
* 32 hour weeks
* Remote working, where I would encourage employees to move not just to different places in the country but live in different countries.
Team and single person projects where people could pursue different ideas that interest them.  

The last thing I would want to implement and probably the most difficult is a sliding job description is the best way I can describe it.  Basically I am bored and sick of doing the same job for the past three years with no promotion and hardly any raises.  What i would want is the job to evolve with the person as they learn and grow.  I see this being difficult because I think finding managers who not only can stay on top of employees and how they are improving but also seeing their skills and where they fit in the company will be really difficult to find.  But if you can keep a job fresh and give a person the feeling of moving forward both monetarily and career wise will help keep them invested in the company.

The other issue too is if you offer too many perks like the above, will they be abused?  Will anything get accomplished or am I overdoing it too much?  It definitely would be a balancing act. 




 That is not true for every industry, such as programmers coders and software engineers. 




 Negative  




 Agreed, and the best way to incentive employees to want to share your company in social media, is to create an awesome work environment that makes them want to share.   




 He isn't wrong but the success of the movie greatly benefits him and his brand for future roles and comedy specials etc.  But hey do what you want.  I don't think a company should make it mandatory, but depending on what you are asking and how it could benefit you in the long term should also be taken into consideration. 









 I'm not convinced yet that Kane's the real deal.  He had a great season but really struggled toward the end of the season.  He doesn't look like he should be good but he defies expectations and keeps scoring.  I'm really curious to see if he'll keep developing. 




