 NewSwiss is right - the energy density from insolation (solar energy hitting the surface of the earth) is not sufficiently high, although there is lots of it.  Some concentrated storage will be needed, like batteries, H2, or maybe even hydrocarbon fuels that were produced via CO2+solar+H2O (another hot but challenging area of research that is akin to reproducing photosynthesis, but chemically).   




 Thanks for the description but send me an email.  Was like a small town - I am sure your name will ring a bell.  Ian, by any chance? 




 So much interesting work going on with respect to sodium batteries, flow batteries (liquid reagents = liquid batteries that you can refill), and other variants, as well as hydrogen fuels and related storage, etc.  Toshiba was pushing methanol-based fuel cells for portable electronics a few years ago, but that has become dormant, but not dead, in my opinion.  If the energy storage is stationary, heavy is not hugely problematic, but expensive and hard to maintain, that's not good, and needs improvement.  Companies like Tesla have re-energized the field of battery research, and we see many hundreds of manuscripts on batteries of all different flavors.  Hard to say what is going to come out a winner in this busy area. 




 I must have spaced out and not pressed "save" because I answered this earlier.  If this answer is redundant, I apologize.  What I wrote earlier was that (corny alert) being an editor is really interesting, thanks to all the diverse science I get to read every single day, and due to the incredibly energetic people I am lucky enough to work with, either directly or indirectly, such as my fabulous students, our editors, authors, and editors of other journals who are awe-inspiring, such as Prashant Kamat, Paul Weiss, Laura Kiessling, Kirk Schanze, and others.  I feel obliged to not let people down, and so while it happens that while juggling balls I misjudge and let some fall, you pick them up and keep going.  If I have 2 minutes, 5 minutes, 10 minutes 'free', I try to use it for something (see what new papers have come in, work on a figure for a paper, scan Twitter, etc).  At the end of the day when my brain is like scrambled eggs, I go running 4-5 times/week and that helps.  Family says I am much nicer after the run, which is probably true.  I try to get in about 1-2 hours of work in the evening, which helps a lot - doesn't feel so much like work if it's fun.   




