 240Z with race cams and exhaust with all handling upgrades. You won't be disappointed.  




 Funny enough the first and only time I saw one was at the Oldsmobile nationals 3 or 4 years ago.  




 I've been looking into importing a Cappuccino, but it's so hard to find websites that are super sketchy. I guess I'll just have to wait until I can afford to fly to Japan and buy one.  




 I did, I was feeling pretty lazy. 









 I am almost positive that is an LM spoiler, and not aftermarket 




 Is that the Gas Monkey F40? 




 Will you marry old gregg I like you I want to marry you  




 I'm a huge fan of RWB, but their 964s just don't really speak to me as much as their 930s and 993s 




 Is there any way to change rim models on a car? I'm currently working on a Rauh Welt skin for the Yellowbird, and it just does not look right with the base rims. If I made a model for a new rim, is there any way that I can swap it out? More specifically, it really needs 3 piece rims. 




 I'm having that same exact problem as well, no matter what gear or rpm 




 Yeah, and I don't think that was a factory color either, but the owner could have changed it.  




 It doesn't look like it. The fenders don't look flared enough, but still a great looking car either way.
Edit: just noticed there's a rear window wiper, I'm almost positive no GT2s had them  




 Should be in your inbox now, enjoy! 




 Well that just ruined my day, German shepards are my favorite breed  




 Hey everyone, I just got an email from Fanatec with the invite code. I'm not going to use it, so if any of you want it just let me know. It's US only.  




 Yaaaaaaaaaaas, I absolutely love these videos. I've been waiting for the 2014 one for a while. 




 3.1 was probably already wreaking havoc on itself with head gaskets  




 Really digging the color  




 Yes 




 That's really weird, I used to have that problem too but all I had to do was reinstall drivers and firmware and it worked fine. Best of luck though. 




 993 GT2 




 I just bought it and it's working fine. I don't know why there would be a problem in the first place. 




 I recently started playing Forza 4 again, and I was going to buy the Porsche DLC, but I was told by a friend that the DLC doesn't work anymore. I'm not exactly sure what he means, but I was curious to if any of guys have bought DLC lately and have had any problems. 




 'Straya ya bogan 









 I would love to see some chase footage, but I have no idea I'd any club would allow it  




 Love the winch on the front  




 Aren't you guys in eastern MA sitting at like 50" total right now? And I thought we got it hard here in western MA 




 My god  




 What kind of crack are you smoking? I replaced the timing belt, balance belt, all the pulleys, and water pump in mine for around $400.  




 But 600HP is still pretty impressive considering that its a 3.5 V6. I'm assuming that it will be mostly carbon fiber, so I can imagine that it will be pretty light which will help with power to weight. 




