 Literally every video on the internet has someone saying this word and I've never known what it means 




 I mean, it *does* look like a controlled demolition though. It's obviously not. But it looks like one. It just so happens that a controlled demolition and a collapse from an impact and burning fuel look very very similar because, duh Joe, that's what buildings look like when they fall down.

I think Joe is just used to saying whatever the hell he wants on his show with no repercussions, since it's a very casual non-formal podcast where anyone can talk about anything they want like friends hanging out.

Dunning on the other hand, is from a podcast where he is claiming to be scientifically accurate and constructive and influencing people's ideas and behaviour.

They're two completely different guys with completely different goals with completely different beliefs about what their responsibilities as a host of a podcast show are, and so their styles just clash horrendously and they can never really find any common ground.  




 That's especially annoying because during the full podcast every single point Dunning wanted to argue about, and all the negative things he said about Joe's show, were all based on him taking everything Joe said completely literally and then picking it apart to prove him wrong and make him seem like a dangerous liar. 




 I listened to this podcast when it first came out, and man, I love both these guy's shows, so this was pretty painful to listen to. 

I really hate how Dunning said "you're taking my words too literally" whereas absolutely  every single complaint Dunning had against Joe's podcast was based on taking all his words totally literally and then trying to pick them apart to prove Rogan to be wrong.

Dunning clearly wasn't expecting Rogan to fight back as much as he was, probably because whenever he debunks things on his Skeptoid podcast it's just him by himself talking to no one. But then Rogan also clearly doesn't give a shit about logical fallacies and scientific arguments and cares more about just chatting casually person to person, and the two styles do not mix at all. 

Dunning seemed to just keep trying to pick apart everything and anything he could to try to seem smarter, and Rogan was just so non-specific and all over the place. It made Dunning seem like a total petty douche bag, and made Rogan seem like he doesn't get a lot of points Dunning is making, or doesn't really care to.

I still enjoy both their podcasts, and they both seem like really nice dudes, but this podcast just went on and on and on in increasingly argumentative and petty circles that it was too infuriating to listen to.  




 what fer? 




 Yeah I'm pretty sure he is powered entirely by his nuclear reactor heart, that's why he can live at the bottom of the ocean for decades without needing to eat or breathe. 




 In Godzilla vs Mechagodzilla 2 they explicitly explain that he does infact have two hearts. 




 None of my non-Godzilla fan friends really liked it. They all thought it was 'okay' dumb fun but kinda boring. I liked it the most out of everyone. 

The Godzilla stuff all felt perfect, it just wasn't quite enough. The marketing made it seem like such a huge epic apocalyptic blockbuster, but the movie felt kinda 'small' 

Plus no one really seemed very surprised or horrified at learning of the existence of giant monsters. 




 I'm pretty excited. I'll be seeing it about 2 hours. I haven't been this pumped for a movie in years. I've convinced like 8 of my friends to come with me.

EDIT: just saw it. It was good. Not great. The entire second act just felt worthless, and for a movie with so little monster action, it didn't at all make use of the human characters. But when it got good, it was an incredible experience. Really well shot, all the bits with Godzilla were great, the first act felt really strong and like it was building to something great. But then it was just okay. 




 This sounds kind of ridiculous and not true. I seriously doubt any movie shoot would have the animatronics out on location all the way in Hawaii, and I'm having trouble picturing this movie having a scene where Bryce Dallas Howard gets graphically chewed on by a big animatronic dinosaur.

EDIT: [Frank Marshall](https://twitter.com/LeDoctor/status/466375292840574976) says this story is BS. 




 Absolutely perfect choice. 

One of my favourite composers around, everything he does is so fun and lively and interesting and full of energy. The only complaint I ever hear about him is that he's clearly very derivative of John Williams' style, and that's definitely an intentional thing.

So who better than to score the fresh new reboot of a classic film than the fresh new reboot of that film's composer 




 who? 




 Wow, this is probably the most accurate size chart to ever be posted here so far. Simple, easy to read, and the scale seems pretty close to perfect.

So [here's](http://i.imgur.com/ac2FO4v.jpg) a version with just the Godzilla's from the films
 




 I expect it to drop into the 60s during release week, but I'd expect it to even out to around 75-80% 




 Can we get a 'out of ten' rating, or at least a 'positive' or 'negative' or 'good' or 'bad' score next to each of the review links? 




 Yikes, this one's pretty negative 




 TLDR; 9/10

"Few recent films have had as much pre-release hype as Gareth Edwards Godzilla, as legions of devoted fans have hungrily devoured each new detail, tease, and marketing release. So, does it deliver? In a word: Yes.

Legendary Pictures' Godzilla origin story carries the weight of unwieldy expectations, but rather than buckle, it is ultimately a fantastic - though imperfect - example of the genre. Gareth Edwards both depicts what is beloved about this magnificent creature and creates a film that is distinctly its own entity, one that brings Godzilla to gorgeous new life. The Easter Eggs and nods to previous versions and additional suitmation favorites will likely be appreciated by sharp-eyed aficionados. If Edwards installment serves as your introduction to the King of the Monsters, though, theres plenty for you to enjoy as well."
 




 Where is this image from? 




 Edited my comment to explain the reasoning behind my preferences :)  




 I disagree but it is pretty dang fantastic .

The final fight in a The Raid 2 is incredible. It's so intricately and amazingly well choreographed, and is certainly an unmatched show of skill and technique. But the final fight in the first Raid just felt way more brutal and exciting, all three men were completely destroyed and battling to survive and you could feel the desperation and brutality, coupled with the emotional aspect of Rama trying to save his brother. 
Plus the Assassin wasn't nearly as well built up as an unstoppable killing machine as Mad Dog.

I never once felt that Rama was in any way close to losing the fights in the second movie. And while they were much more varied and better choreographed on a technical skill level, the first film had an insane sense of urgency and brutality and it constantly felt like Rama was only just barely surviving each encounter. Plus The Raid 2 had tonnes of fights that didn't even involve the main characters so the outcome didn't even really matter. 

Fucking amazing film though.  




 Is that Bluray one disc or two 




 I don't think it was that bad of a comment to make at all. Maybe not the *best* thing to say, but I truly think people were making a big deal out of it just to stir up controversy. 

So I guess that makes it even cringier that he couldn't think of a simple way of explaining himself. 




 Wow that's crazy. GMK is my all time favorite (so far)

Awesome fun fact  




 Oh wow that's awesome!  




 You'll have to put your experience playing Cut the Rope to the test to get that turd into the toilet  




 THERE ARE HOLES IN MY BELTS WHO PUT THESE HOLES IN MY BELTS
 




 They've been pretty good about it up until the last two weeks  




 That's some incredible animatronic work for something that's so hard to even see in the finished product. Practical animatronics have always been so interesting and amazing to me 




 I wonder what those real horses were thinking 




 No original ***3*** actors returning 




 Kind of? 




 Underwater battles would probably be way too expensive and difficult for a Toho Godzilla film, so the best we get is usually battles in the middle of the ocean where the water is inexplicably knee deep.  




 *I smell a sitcom!* 




 Jurassic Park movies have always had very very normal every day looking characters. They were always believable and real and were perfect for the 'ordinary person in an extraordinary situation' theme that Spielberg has always been great at.
I mean don't get me wrong, Neill and Goldblum and Dern are all good looking people, but they were realistically good looking, and were just ordinary realistically-aged unexceptional scientists who were out of their element.

This whole cast looks super young and fit and Hollywood-attractive, and people have even been saying Pratt is playing an ex-marine dinosaur wrangler.

Doesn't exactly seem like the same realistic relatable ordinary regular cast of characters we're used to from this franchise.

But hey, I'm sure it's no big deal and I'm still super excited for this movie in a big big way. 




 Do we know if there are any more of these Blurays coming? 




 He sure is pretty  




 I would love to see the comments on this  




 Because this isn't how evolution works. Humans did not evolve from chimps. This explains it pretty well! 
http://sufuns.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/infographic.png 




 I got really excited when I saw that Toho was releasing every single Godzilla movie on Blu-ray this year, only to find out that none of them will apparently have English subtitles. 

I've been trying to collect Godzilla DVDs for quite some time now, but it's so hard tracking them all down and figuring out which ones were released in which region. I have a couple that have dubs and subtitles, some with just subtitles, some with both the American and Japanese versions on one disc, and other films I simply can't find on DVD at all. And of course there's a handful of Godzilla movies on Blu-ray already but no where near a full collection.

I was super excited to just get all these new Blu-rays, but without subtitles they're pretty much useless to me, so I just don't know what to do about building the perfect collection.

Any help or advice from any other Godzilla collectors would be greatly appreciated. Anyone know if these new Toho Bluray releases might find themselves getting an international version with subtitles or am I just going to have to be happy with my hodge podge of mismatched Blurays and DVDs forever 




 Ugh she's even the first one to bring up her own tits in the comments  




 I don't think Jurassic park totally covers 100% of the entire island, and the guided tour wouldn't go around the entire property either  




 I would go for the original 1954 Godzilla, then the 1984 Godzilla, and then maybe Godzilla 2000. 
There are 3 distinct 'eras' of Godzilla, "Showa" starting with the 1954 original, "Hesei" starting with the 1984 Godzilla, and 'Millenium" starting with Godzilla 2000. Each era the timeline is 'rebooted' and starts fresh to be accessible for new viewers.

Godzilla vs Biollante, Godzilla vs Mothra (1992) Giant Monsters All Out Attack (my personal favorite) Tokyo S.O.S, and Godzilla vs Desotroyah are pretty highly regarded and very accessible and would probably be the best to watch before you start really getting deep into the weirdness that is the Godzilla franchise

Obviously this is leaving out a lot of the classics, (like Godzilla vs King Kong, Destroy All Monsters, Smog Monster, etc.) but I think starting on the older campier crazier Showa movies might be kinda jarring to modern viewers unfamiliar with Godzilla since they are pretty weird and cheap and out there, and aren't always easy to watch, and might need to be eased into after some more 'normal' Godzilla films.

You shouldn't really need to worry about any exact order or anything since most of the films are fairly stand alone so you can pretty much jump around as you wish. 

James Rolfe (AVGN) has a fantastic little series that briefly sums up each Godzilla film and explains the different eras and styles [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Avc4AS3AvcA list=PLAAD30B9523D89FAA), and I highly reccommend watching this first and then choosing your own order based on what appeals to you. 




 Does Godzilla kill all those kids in school buses on the bridge? 




 If your film club publishes it's reviews online in any way you should link it here 




 Awesome! Thanks for answering all our questions buddy. You're really getting us all super hyped and excited... and kinda filled with seething jealously as well. 




 First off, boo I am so jealous. Secondly, some spoiler free questions. 

How was it tonally? Was it as dark and apocalyptic as the trailers or was it a bit more summer blockbuster?

The trailers seem to be showing off a lot of Bryan Cranston and Ken Watanabe, how was Aaron Taylor Johnson as the lead?

Do we get the atomic breath?

Do we get decent story and character stuff outside of a typical big monster/disaster blockbuster movie?

We've heard a lot about not seeing a whole bunch of Godzilla until the final showdown in San Francisco. Mostly just glimpses and short sequences and a whole lot of build up. Is this accurate? If so, how does the first half handle not having much monster action? 

And most importantly, once we get to the big San Francisco sequence, how long is it and how much action do we get? Do we get some big extended city destruction like a lot of big action films have had recently?

It's so hard to avoid ruining this movie for myself. I'm trying not to read too much or even watch those new clips but the hype is so strong. Only 2 more weeks... 




 Yeah it's weird. Kev Smith really truly passionately *gets* Batman in a very emotional and powerful way. It's a shame he isn't really able to transfer that into his writing. But I could listen to him talk about Batman all day. His podcast is fantastic. 




 https://twitter.com/brian_tee/status/461951229371768832

Here's a picture suggesting that he will most probably be playing 'Hamada.' The bad ass Japanese game warden in the tradition of Muldoon from the leaked screen play excerpts.  









 Nope not at all. This movie takes place in Tokyo, Hawaii, Vegas and San Francisco  




 No more Colbert Report and no more Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson. This is indeed a disturbing universe.  




 But then you wouldn't get to hear such entertaining hilarious phrases like *"baller"* over and over again 




 I don't have a source but I seem to remember someone saying that if this sells well they were hoping to reignite the Oddworld franchise in a small indie way  




 Octodad just came out on PS4 last week and it still has a more annoying camera than this game 




 Looks like it ends with the astronaut husband dying in space at the same time his wife gives birth  




 My favorite terrible sound effect is [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7Dfi-b-qns) fence getting knocked down sound from Rollerball 




 The environment looks a little *too* barren. Like it's just sand and rocks. No towns or mountains or anything. 

I still think this game could be really fun. Stupid, and totally not in the spirit of Mad Max, but still fun. 




 I feel like if you tried to play it by yourself you'd just end up getting your arms all tangled in a knot pretty soon 




 The fight choreography in the second one, in terms of technical skill and variety, was absolutely incredible. But in terms of emotional impact and tension, the first was better. The first had a constant feeling of brutal desperation and intensity that the second didn't match. In the first it seemed like Rama was always constantly in the verge of death and just managed to claw his way to safety. Rama in the second never really seemed like he was ever close to losing a fight.  




 I had heard that Ethan Hawke is very much against children becoming actors. I assume due to his own experience, he once said something about children shouldn't be used as actors as it's ultimately unhealthy for the kid and can damage their childhood experience or something. So I'd be interested on heating him talk about the production of this film.    




 2 and 3 definitely had roughly as much animatronics as 1.

Phil Tippet said Jurassic World would not have very much animatronics at all and would be a very CGI heavy film. 




 Kualoa Ranch  




 Or a nurse  




 "It's going... chillfully... thus far.. I'm not.. uh"

"Elvis Presley.. the uh... famous... 50s... 60s and 70s... uhhmm... person. The, the, the, the, singer.. songwriter... that kind of thing"

Jesus Christ how can someone so pretentious and so obsessed with being interesting and intelligent and quirky be so utterly titanically unable to string a basic fucking sentence together. 




 It's intentionally unrealistic. It's 4chan.  




 That looked incredible!

I'm assuming it's slightly trimmed down for WonderCon though since it seemed a little rushed.

But holy cats everything about that was so awesome and scary and atmospheric and well directed and just everything you could want in a badass Godzilla movie! 




 That looked incredible! 

I'm assuming it's slightly trimmed down for WonderCon though since it seemed a little rushed. 

But holy cats everything about that was so awesome and scary and atmospheric and well directed and just everything you could want in a badass Godzilla movie! 




 Wow. I feel very un-Australian at the moment. I've lived here all my life, and I've heard this song countless times growing up, but I've *never* ever heard that chant before. 




 Oh man that sounds awesome! I'd love to be able to see it 




 How the hell is that story about smiles and cries?  




 I can't find him on that list 




 IMDb tells me he was the costume designer for Man of Steel, Watchmen, 300, Noah, TRON Legacy, Sucker Punch, Terminator Salvation, Sky High, and was nominated for an Oscar for his costume work on American Hustle. 




 I don't know about 'properly'

This isn't even slightly similar to the Jurassic Park look. 




 This is the greatest and best thing in the world 




 I think the CGI looks incredible, with the exception of that one shot of the wave hitting the beach with the dog barking in the foreground. It just doesn't seem real at all. Everything else in all the other shots looks perfect. 




 The CGI in Pacific Rim was handled by ILM, the CGI in Godzilla is by Weta. I tend to think ILM usually crafts the most incredible and realistic CGI in the film industry, but ever since King Kong Weta is definitely a close second. 

ILM is responsible for Jurassic Park, Pirates of the Carribbean and Transformers, Weta does the LOTR films, Avatar and the new Planet of the Apes movies 




 It's a lion it's huge 




 Topical  




 That is so insanely accurate 




 cis scum  




 What the fuck is happening here  




 Pretty sure this scene was shown at SXSW and the girl did in fact make it 




 I appreciate the feet being stocky and thick, it makes sense that they'd be huge and stable for such an impossibly massive beast, but I think they might be a little *too* stocky. 

It's a great idea, and I certainly don't want skinny dinosaur legs or anything, but it's a little too elephant like and seems like it might be veering more towards cartoony over realistic. Everything else about the design is perfect. 




  and Chris Pratt plays a dino wrangler with "a cowboy attitude".

Huh. First people were saying he was playing an ex-marine, now this. I don't know if either of those things have been confirmed officially, but an ex-marine dino wrangler seems kinda ridiculous and cheesy and cliche, even for a Jurassic Park movie. 




 Oh man I love Judy Greer 




 slappadyslappadapabadadap little kick  




 Man it feels so weird that this is all actually happening 




 I think Vinny has been doing a fantastic job of keeping everything positive and fun. He was always my favorite, but he has really stepped up as the heart and soul, and most of the laughs, ever since Ryan passed. Brad is still Brad. Drew has been doing a lot more, which is great. But Jeff seems even more grumpy and jaded than ever, which is totally understandable.  




 He died about a year ago 




 [Poor Nic always gets so much hate](http://img.pandawhale.com/post-30267-what-do-you-say-you-cut-me-som-E1On.gif) 




 But that's why he's so disappointed  




 I wish Brett Ratner would give up 




 Jesus this is horrible 




 Yeah watching this edit actually made me look up the show to see how terrible it was, and I ended up watching both full seasons. I actually enjoyed it a fair bit.

It's stupid and cheesy and can be horribly lame and cringy sometimes, but somehow less offensive than most reality shows around. A lot of the personalities were actually pretty fun to watch. There are always a few narcissistic delusional assholes on shows like this, but despite being quite awkward a lot of the time, some of them really seem like genuinely good people. 

Episodes are way too long and over-dramatized, but I was surprised at how much I got into it. And I usually really hate geexploitation shit like this. 




 This joke works on so many levels  




 Holy shit Ants in my Eyes Johnson was hilarious

I loved how like 90% of this episode was improv. This show just gets crazier and stranger and more brilliantly funny every episode. 




 I love Scarface as a fun over the top cheesy cartoon. It's so ridiculous and goofy and entertaining. It's a great movie, and I always enjoy watching it, but I have never really considered it to be a classic 'serious' gangster film. 




 I think Michael Fassbender is a spot on perfect young Ian McKellan, but James McAvoy is not a believable young Patrick Stewart at all. He's still a really great actor, and it worked in First Class since it seemed like a very different reboot-verse, but it might be weird seeing them together like this.  




 I'm pretty sure neither of those guys were actually in any scenes with JGL in the movie, so maybe that's why  




 How do you get different jackets  




 Go get your own dinner  




 He has denied it outright several times  




 Bullock looks great, Gordon looks terrible.
A gritty noir detective show set in Gotham styled after Gotham Central could be an amazing show. But this just looks lame.  




 I was hoping for a Hammond cameo more than anyone else, but I hope we at least get to hear about what's happened to him 




 He also spends the whole movie erasing things from his notepad and checking the time 




 Read Gotham Central 




 I hate Alien 3 and 4, but that boxset is still worth it for all the amazing special features that comes with it 




 I thought Justin Lin was supposed to be directing this  




 It looks like all the future timeline characters from the original trilogy, aside from Wolverine, Magneto and Prof X, don't have as big important parts as I once hoped 




