




















































































 I think you're on to something.  But with that in mind, I don't want to see the newly discovered Miss Piggy. 







































 It took only 3:30 to encode a 4:45 video (shot in 1080p) to 720p. Used to take about 16 min to encode the same video on the same Mac using the previous version of Compressor.  Apple, I am impressed.  [iMac12,2, 3.4 GHz Core i7 w/ 4 cores, 16 GB RAM] 




























































































































 I hope he's right.  Apple TV seems like a logical platform in which to base a home automation system. 












































































































































































































 Most of my favorites are listed here, but a sleeper space movie that I thought is worth a mention is Silent Running with Bruce Dern. It presents a strong ecological message and has decent effects for its time (1972).  Loved the personification of and interaction between the drones Huey, Dewey and Louie. 



















 I would say more complex and richer with additional tones. 









 Samsung produced both chips. 


















































































































 Wow, really taking this April 1st thing all the way.
 









 Good on ya /u/nty!
 









 Ah, I see April fools day is coming early this year.  I guess it's April 1st somewhere in this world.  




 Well this is interesting.  Going to /r/apple takes me to the Android subreddit.  Apple subreddit hacked? 



































































































 From JPL's Dawn website: 
 The three principal scientific drivers for the mission are first that it captures the earliest moments in the origin of the solar system enabling us to understand the conditions under which these objects [minor planets] formed. Second, Dawn determines the nature of the building blocks from which the terrestrial planets formed, improving our understanding of this formation. Finally, it contrasts the formation and evolution of two small planets that followed very different evolutionary paths so that we understand what controls that evolution. 

Source: http://dawn.jpl.nasa.gov/mission/goal_index.asp 




 A very good bet that will happen, as a minimum. 
































































