 Ok awesome thanks for the good info and quick response! Would you see any interaction between the 'done and this?  Based on what I told you, you would recommend the Bali?  Also how many mg's should I dose at first time I try?  Sorry for all the questions- i've known of kratom for about a year but I am still a bit hesitant to try it mainly because I read to many things on the net comparing it to bath salts and the like so I kinda scared myself haha. thanks again bud!!
 




 Where can you get kratom in the states? At a headshop type place or  you think they would just call me a junkie and say F off haha. What kinds/brands are good? I have heard that the capsules are crappy.  How much should I try for never having tried it before?  Also I am on Methadone so I don't even know if I should try it since I am on it. 




 That would be called a trigger 




 picture? 




 Not at all. For some reason it makes me super upset that most of these people never use gloves!!! 




 well for what it's worth, the past few years in the states its been harder and harder to get a legit script for any kinda narcotic pain reliever.  I even had my own script for 120 Norco a month for about 2 years then I was cut off because my doctor was all worried and scared about DEA, me getting addicted to them, etc.  Now I am on methadone thanks to that situation.   




 damn won't ship to the U.S.  I heard that the laws against opiates in the UK were a lot stricter in general than in the U.S.  Is that true?  Pertaining to prescription opiates. 




 dude i've dealt with several people that read the big number on the pill (500, 325,etc) and use that as the amount of good stuff in the pill.  I am not positive if these people were trying to get over on me but I would lean towards them just being dumbass stoners who never sold pills and therefore know really nothing about them. 




 yeah dude it's over. sorry to break it to ya. haha i don't know just go and pee. i would say use fake pee but the methadone clinic i go to tests the fucking temperature of it so you have to get the pee right within the correct range it should be when leaving your body. 




 I don't think she tried to jack you I think she was honestly that stupid.  




 ahh the good ole motrin 800 deal. most doctors go to when they won't give you opiates.  been down that road many times-that shit sucks.
 




 so what did they give you?  i actually had down on my file for about 7 years I was allergic to codiene but recently had them change that. 




 ha i was asking myself wtf pubrenorphin is too.  some kinda drug i'm not hip too? haha
 




 probably because pharms require a script and heroin doesn't. 




 how'd you find this site?!?! no script!?! 




 oh ok yeah i've seen pics of them. 




 pink? were they shaped liked norcos? never seen those. 




 I have been down both of those paths.  I never really thought of it though.  I can tell you though that i enjoy opiates way much more than alcohol any day.  I used to not be able to go 1 day without booze and likewise for opiates.  I just got sick of drinking so I gave it up cold turkey and luckily felt a lot better with out any kind of withdrawls.  I drank everyday for about 4 years straight.  Now with opiates I was doing some form of them for about 5 years straight too.  I was scripted norcos for a long time but thanks to doctor's getting scared now about scripting anything I got cut off. I now am on methadone.  To answer your question is a bit hard actually now that i think of it.  I don't think I could give you a solid answer other than repeating that opiates are always #1 to me over any other substance.
 




 lol i've been in that situation before where they read the amount of tylenol in it and believe that the more apap in the pill the better!! fucking idiots.  just play stupid too and try to get the best deal if they don't know what they have. 




 I am on both methadone and paxil 




 75 is a good ass deal but depends on the potency of it.  If its been cut to all hell then its not that great of a price although i have been paying 60 for .5 g lately.  I've been getting really good stuff lately tho.  




 depends. that is actually what made me move to bth is because of the sparse pill scene and the cost of pills.  I'm sure places like SF where I used to live its easy to score either pills or H.  When I lived near SF I didn't really do opiates so I never bothered.  Now that i live kind of middle of nowhere so not many pills and i have to drive almost an hour for bth. 




 i believe its bth mixed with a powdered cut.  put both in an empty plastic bottle and shake away. 




 I haven't done anything to sleazy or immoral at least in my eyes haha.  I've done a bit of pawning which I kind of regret since pawn shops always give you the lowest lowball shit price for whatever you are pawning.  Scrapping metal.  I have a small truck- Ford Ranger so I can only put so much in but I usually am able to get around $40 each haul.  I have a couple older neighbors that have a bunch of stuff and they just tell me what to take and I get the whole profit since I am getting it off their property.  




 i actually had less of an appetite on most opiatesi used recreationally but now that I am on methadone I crave sweets. 




 Could be. I really don't know that much about how the cartels operate as far as where the dope ends up.  I do know that you should never get involved with any Mexican cartels.  After seeing numerous photos and videos of what they do to people who cross them even in the slightest way makes me believe that they are probably the most ruthless organized crime association ever. 




 i'd say 98% or more of the dope in California is coming from Mexico. 




 agreed 




 I seriously contemplated this especially after seeing the pic of the foil and straw!!  




 in california i've only encountered bth and gunpowder but I haven't been messing with H that long.  just maybe 6 months after making the jump from pharms.   




 I have to disagree at least partially because 95% of the people that I see everyday at the methadone clinic look fucking haggard. 




 lucky man seems like everyone including myself these days is getting cut off.
 




 ok i was just wondering if there was any other advantage to shooting it.  so you are shooting your liquid take homes? 




 I'm not surprised since that's what most of us here would love to be able to master/attain.  It's tough, at least for me to balance it out.  Well not really anymore since I have been on mmt for about 3 weeks. 




 how come you shot methadone?   




 ok seems to make sense.   




 i smoked some bth once since being on mmt and it wasn't as much of a rush or high as usual but it was there for sure- the high but it was weaker than normal.  also could be a bit of placebo effect know that methadone is supposed to block other opiates.  I am on 50mg currently only on mmt for 3 weeks.  I slipped up because it's just the ritual of smoking bth that I love.  I have norcos at my house and I haven't touched them since starting mmt. 




 so you are saying that if one 1 day of the week you double your dosage and it gets you pretty high?  How is that been working for you i'm not at the point of take homes yet and i'm only taking 50mg right now but I have a feeling the dr is going to up it. 




 why does everyone say that? is it because cravings for food- sugary types specifically are a lot higher when on mmt?  I have been on only 3 weeks and I am doing good with it but getting large cravings for sweets is what I have noticed. 




 yeah see that's where I am kind of not knowing what I should really do since I do have actual pain and xrays and my in my medical file it lists that I have "chronic pain syndrome".  Has said that for the last 5 years.  At the same time though my body is physically addicted to opiates and probably a bit mentally too.   




 i have been on opiates legally prescribed to me for about 5 years.  I recently moved so i have a new pain doc who was giving me norcos.  in the recent last few months my using was getting a bit out of control- buying on the street, even smoking a bit of tar and I thought to myself i should do something about this.  I have done suboxone in the past but they just didn't work for me.  I researched methadone for a couple weeks then I went down and started on the program.  I made an appoinment with my pain doc about a week in and told him what I was doing (in my state the law states that if you are in a clinic you do not have to tell your doctor.  But i went ahead an was honest to him and he was actually really proud of me and encouraging.  I was pretty nervous and the appoinment went by so fast that I forgot to even ask him if he would prescribe me it.  Probably not now that he know's I was in a clinic but I am trying to really be "clean"  now instead of spending all my money on pills or H since my script was not making it even close to the end of the month.   




 Ok thanks i'll maybe look in my area for doc's that prescribe methodone.  my pain mgmt doc I have now might even be able to do it for me. 




 yeah I agree with docs not wanting to write a script for opiates as I have been playing that game with docs for about 8 years.   




 I've been on done for about 2 weeks now.  It's a clinic deal and I have to drive there 7 days a week to get my stuff and I live about 30 mins away.  I was wondering if it would be possible to get a doctor to script me done instead of doing what I have to do everyday.  It's a bit expensive on gas with the drive everyday.  I did some research and I think that it is possible to get it from a doctor instead of going to a clinic everday and dosing.  Just wanting any feedback if anyone has tried to get scripted thru a doc.  I have a history of chronic pain that is documented and have a current pain mgmt doctor.   




 I just started it last week but i'm doing it to get "clean" so I am in a program and go everyday to get my dose.  I am on a fairly low dose (50mg)  and i have yet to really feel a high from it. more just like it keeps most of my withdrawls and cravings at bay so I can get on with my life and not worry about how i'm gonna hustle up $100 a day for H.  If you were to have no tolerance to opiates I could see it as being ok but never understood why people would ever do it recreationally. 




 same exact thing happened to me basically last fall.  we are living in an era now that we will be seeing a huge decline in prescribing pain meds and it's going to fuck shit up worse because people who would never had before will now be trying heroin.  my doctor just gave me the go to answers: DEA cracking down, Obama Care and the fact that a small amount of dumbasses had to go and OD and fuck it up for the rest of us responsible people.  As for advice, fuck it just go to the street and find some H, that is what I did when I got cut off my pills. 




 what i would do is at least quarter the op 80- the more pieces the better and put it in a shot glass of cola. the longer the better. i would usually do it overnight.   




 i'd say it depends on who you are talking to but yes alcohol seems to be a lot more tolerated than heroin or any opiate in general.   




 are you talking about putting oc's in it overnight??  if so yes I have done it.  I think basically anything with carbonation and citric acid help but I always do prefer coke. 




 i just found these for instance.  good deal?!?!   http://www.webstaurantstore.com/regal-bulk-poppy-seeds-25-lbs-case/102708404.html?utm_source=Google utm_medium=cpc utm_campaign=GoogleShopping gclid=CNjqv5qNib0CFa5DMgodoUsAag 




 ok i'll check it out.  i have tried to make PST in the past and have failed but I think mainly because i got regular poppy seeds.  Any more input on this!?!?   Just wondering why more people don't do this. 




 i just checked looks like they won't ship to the US though hah. is there any morphine still in the plant? i am a noob when it comes to poppys. 




 wait so you can just order these and they are legal?   




 Well then i'd like to see that!! haha. but yeah maybe if you at least stopped shooting it?  did you build up to that from smoking/snorting? 




 This is the 1st time i have commented on a girls pics on this sub so you caught my attention.  Amazing you have been able to keep it up that long and still look that good! 




 you look too healthy to be a shooter. how often do you indulge? 




 seriously man F that!!  




 i think that is all of our major concerns lol.  I mean i'd rather get burned or beat up by someone than have any law issues.   




 How is a rainbow made?? how exacty does a posi traction on the rear end of a plymouth work?? It just does!!!  




 yeah i did and it feels good like a smoked a blue.   




 i'm in california where powder is hard to come by
 




 ok i broke down and just did.  feel a little light headed and high but good. 




 it's black tar. you would smoke it off foil. that's at least what i would do first.
 




 Looks like it's time for a lot of us to move to the UK!
 




 OK this was on wiki:   Under the chemical names diamorphine and diacetylmorphine, heroin is a legally prescribed controlled drug in the United Kingdom, and is supplied in tablet or injectable form for the same indications as morphine is, often being preferred over morphine due to its lower side-effect profile.[citation needed] It is also available for prescription to long-term users as a form of opioid replacement therapy in the Netherlands, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Germany, and Denmark, alongside psycho-social carein the same manner that methadone or Suboxone (buprenorphine) are used in the United States and Canada[10][11]and a similar programme is being campaigned for by liberal political parties in Norway. 




 It smells like vinegar.  My friend gave it to me and I really want to try it.  I have had it since last night and havent touched it since I have not broken my H cherry yet.  should be no big deal?!?!  He smoked some last night and said its really good stuff.  its a tiny amount, smaller than a dime. 









 yeah i was thinking they would mainly be used for maintaining/not being sick more so than recreation.
 




 ah ok 8 mg codeine? what amounts can you buy them in like is there a limit? 




 i have heard that it is sold in certain counties in prescription dose supposedly.  This is not from my experience. 




 This has been discussed some I think before but does anyone know exactly what is legal and where?   For instance I have heard that codeine for the most part be it cough syrup or T3's I hear is legal in Canada.  I have also talked to people that tell me pharmacutical opiates such as norco and oxy and more or less legal in Mexico at most pharmacies.  I have even heard as far as some counties in the US will sell products with codeine OTC!?!?  




 norco. but i do oxy when available. 




 OK cool.  do you know how that would relate to a 120mg hydrohabit?  mine is not quite that but has been upwards of.  i am just trying to figure that out. i will start small of course.
 




 lol almost did that swallowing technique
 




 that seems like a good price. how long would that last you.  250 would get me like 9 blues. smh. 




 so you were shooting it then? i am trying to see how it would convert as well but its hard since heroin is cut with god nows what whereas pills are always a sure thing. 




 and i think it costs about 4cents a piece to make them or less. 




 true! 




 i think you would loose way too much smoke that way.  i'm not sure though as I have only smoked blues a handful of times and it was thru a pen tube. 




 yeah i would think so as well but i dunno. 




 OK thanks. i've been around the stuff i can get ahold of and I hear that it's pretty decent stuff i have just not tried yet cause I was still wasting $$ on pills.   




 yeah i'm in california so i can only get tar i believe. i think there is powder but harder to come by
 




 OK i was thinking a large tooter like a pen.  i know at the beginning i might loose a bit.  I never did get down smoking blues that well either haha.   




 This is the epitome of pill porn.  Finally a good example!
 




 I've been doing pills for about 5 years now.  Everything from 5's to OP 80s.  I'm getting sick of paying out the ass for pills. $200 for like 8 blues is not my piece of cake.  I know where I can get tar heroin.  I assume that the H would go a lot farther than buying pills financially speaking?  I also would plan on smoking it and I assume you would foil it?  I have never done H before and want to know how much to try at first.  I would think like a pin head size?   Getting on subs and getting clean is my long term goal but before I am done with opiates I would like to just try this once.  Please don't criticize me, I just want some honest advice here!!! thanks guys. and oh my tolerance is decent.  lets say 120mg oxy daily but could handle more without completely nodding. 




