 Not wanting to date a woman with hairy legs isn't on the same level as, say, refusing to date black women, but the thought process probably stems from (and certainly contributes to) our patriarchal society. That's not your fault, but it is something you need to be aware of and try to correct.

So, if your preference is for shaven legs, you're wrong and should change. 




 o/ 









 WHATCHA GONNA DO WHEN DISFUNCTION RUNS WILD ON YOUUUUUUUUUU??? 




 Why not wait until people are old enough to make the choice for themselves?

Parents make medical decisions for their children all the time. 




 Do you bite your thumb at me sir!? 




 can anyone see 16 being legally unacceptable in the United States?

In no way shape or form would I allow minors to engage in a "cuddle comfort" website.  18 and up only. 




 Except in the prosecution of the crime, which is what the OP's questions are limited to.

Even in the prosecution of a crime the prosecutor owes no duty to the victim.  Only to the state and the court.

The prosecutor is NOT her attorney.  He does not owe her any of the duties that normally arise from an attorney client relationship. 




  You have a lawyer - the prosecutor. 

This is a common misconception. The prosecutor is NOT her attorney. He represents the state. There is no attorney client relationship between the prosecutor and the victim and the prosecutor owes her no duty.  




 I've had it when eating out at restaurants. Still like my way.  




  plain pasta with sauce on top.

That's how I like it. Come at me bro.  




 Everyone who hates to be "that guy" fucking loves to be "that guy." 




 It takes all kinds. As long as you don't judge someone for not being into the things you're into its no big deal.  




 i would normally agree with the statement about 93 being excessive but i was definitely not out of line with the traffic on the road. i was just pacing everyone else around me and got singled out. 

This does not matter one iota in court. 




 Fallout 3 was wildly popular and critically acclaimed. You can say you didn't like it but you can't say it wasn't any good.  




 Food seems more about indulgence than than taste and the possibilities of new experiences and good company.

My only issue with foodies is they seem unable to understand how someone could be uninterested in "new experiences" with food.  I think being into food is a hobby like anything else, and if you're just not into something new and different and are happier with some grilled chicken and rice for dinner then you shouldn't be judged as somehow ignorant or missing out. 




 Normally what's said in mediation is confidential and cannot be used in later litigation.  




 Your first link refers to conduct. Saying something is a statement. Conduct is an action. Even if saying something is a threat they are words, and words are statements.  




 LETS GO METS!! 




 I honestly don't understand what you're talking about. Shouting fire is a statement like any other statement that is subject to hearsay rules.  




 If you're in an emergency situation where life and limb is at risk you don't call any of those other people though. You call police and fire.  




 Any statement by a party to litigation is exempted from the hearsay rule. That's just the rules of evidence. There's no rule that says an out of court statement has to alledge a fact to be hearsay. It only must be an out of court statement by one other than the declaration used to prove the truth of the matter asserted.  The truth of the matter asserted is not the overall proofs of the case but whatever the question asker is seeking to prove at the time.  




 Q: Why do you think the defendant wanted to kill the victim?

A: he said "I'm going to kill you!" To him

That's hearsay, except it's an admission of a party opponent so it would be admitted.  




 Mailmen protect the life and property of the public? 




 I don't think any of these positions are comparable to a firefighter. A firefighter responds to an emergency and must make split second decisions to save life and property. Those other jobs are certainly admirable but not to the extent of a firefighter.  




 Like what? 




  Plenty of people do jobs that are as dangerous for much less.

Are those jobs devoted to protecting the life and property of the public? 




 Yeah, I missed that.  Hearsay within hearsay.  You're right. 




  I love the way this sub is turning into a circle jerk of starred users mocking OP. 

You're certainly free to make your own legal advice sub where everything is super serious business and every word a poster makes is the gospel truth.  

Check the other posts made today.  All useful advice, no mockery.  Sometimes mockery is deserved. 




  how often do you leave the house (especially if you are not getting in the car) without your id

Literally almost never.  If I'm walking out the door I have my wallet with me with my license in it. 




 It's a party admission and is specifically not hearsay. 




 M'officer *tips fedora* 




 YOU ARE THE MAN.  SOLVED. 




 It seems to come up often when discussing the actions of political figures.  Someone will criticize the action of an elected representative in a big picture, general sort of way, and then another person will explain the details of the issue and why the person may have made that particular decision.  Sometimes you'll then see a third person make a sarcastic comment like, "Wait, you're telling me there are "blank" here??"  Thanks! 




  So what attracts you to the suburbs?

You understand my town is a suburb and has all these things.  The suburb I live in has a walkable downtown with all those things I mentioned.  I don't need to live in a city for them. 




 Less traffic.  More nature.  Less crime.  Better schools. Lower cost of living.  Small town feel. 




  Maybe the town you live near is total crap, but I couldn't give up the live of having anything I could want being a healthy walk away.

Do you mean isn't?  We have a great downtown in my town with restaurants, comic books shops, a newstand, and different unique gift stores that's all walkable. 




  but not until people move out of the shitty suburbs

I love living in the suburbs.  I would never want to live in a city. 




 I would imagine for most people in the U.S. the advice is more inapplicable than it is applicable. On average people live 25 miles from work. That's a long bike ride in all kids of weather.  




  from people who call creepers clown shoes

They look like clown shoes though. They were the most ridiculous part of those outfits. I feel like the vast majority of people would think they look silly.  




  But like, do you really think things are that different today on that front then they were in 1965? Really?

Yes. I think things are much much better. 

That's a ridiculous interpretation of that interview.

No I think it's a pretty valid interpretation. 
 




  So you supported the jailing of MLK Jr? 

Nope. Blacks under Jim Crow had little to no voting rights. 

You were fine with the internment of Japanese-Americans during WWII? 

Nope for the same reason. Little to no voting rights. 

Do you think civil disobedience is legitimate, or that the only thing that matters is following the law in a nominally "democratic republic"? 

Civil disobedience can be useful, but if you don't think the United States is a democratic republic then there's not much else we can discuss here. 

I mentioned David Betrayus (Petraus), he got fucking PROBATION for something that in 1965 could have led to a

Yeah I got your brilliant pun

Petraeus didn't commit the same crime at the same level that Snowden did. He revealed things to impress his girlfriend. Snowden released information to enemies that threatened our country. He didn't read what he turned over. He admitted to John Oliver that this was a mistake.  




 If someone lived in a democratic republic where they have the opportunity to vote freely to choose their legislators and executives, and then decided to break the law, yes I support their jailing.  




  He says he would be happy to come home to a fair trial.

He has no other defense. He DID do it. The law does not permit you to break it even if you personally decide its for the greater good except in very limited circumstances. This isn't one of them. He won't come home because he knows he could get the best attorney and all the due process in the world and he'd still be convicted because he broke the law.  




  The patriots of history you like, the ones of today you hate.

No, we like lots of patriots of today.  Snowden just isn't one of them. 




  Washington dragged everyone into a literal war where tons of people died, though.

No he didn't.

Who decided Washington could start a massive conflict? Just him and his buddies, but apparently that doesn't matter for reasons.

He had little to do with starting a massive conflict.

But since Snowden leaked some documents with a minimum of harm to all except the egos of politicians in order to further a goal as noble ("people should have a degree of self-rule over their own lives"), it's the complete opposite and he's a total traitor for taking initiative like that?

I consider Snowden a traitor.  He released classified information of legal activities on the part of the NSA.  I'm happy John Oliver finally called him on the carpet regarding the consequences of his actions since reddit seems to treat him as a saint.

Snowden got trapped in Russia. Wasn't his fault. 

Yes it was.  He could have stood trial like anyone else that breaks the law.

because some American pols are being vindictive as fuck. 

That's not why he would stand trial.  He would stand trial because he broke the law. 




 This is from 2 years ago.  If you check that user he's still active and still arguing that smoking isn't that bad for you. 




  Do minors have different rights in this situation?

No 




  You're joking, right?

Nope.  Totally serious. 




  I am an asshole. An asshole who doesn't like being shaken down for money or passive agressive bullied (that's essentially what the fence removal was...a way to make me spend money)

Sure.  And you were perfectly within your rights to put up your own fence.  But you were an asshole about it.  Adults don't (or at least shouldn't) act like that. 




  I STILL have clean hands. Florida has no spite fence laws.

But you seem like an asshole.  You don't have to break any laws to seem like an asshole.  You've lowered your standing in the eyes of any judge or jury who would look at your case. 




  One or two stories today. 

Out of the millions of residents and hundreds of thousands of police interactions.   




  Same question I asked jcar128, how can simply telling an officer I know my rights are being violated hurt more than help?

Officers have wide discretion on how to handle a traffic stop.  You could have committed three infractions but a cop might only ticket you for one since you were polite and respectful.

If you go through with your plan, the cops won't cut you any breaks.  When you go to court, the cop will communicate with the prosecutor regarding your behavior meaning the prosecutor won't cut you any breaks.

Also keep in mind you can be arrested and taken to a police station for something as small as speeding.  If you're annoying enough, a cop can do that, and it would not be illegal in the slightest. 




 Isn't this a double standard?

Maybe.  Who cares?

How, in the eyes of the law, can an animal be treated at property for civil purposes, but as something more than just property in other circumstances?

They are treated as property that you have restrictions as to how you can treat it.  There's nothing wrong with this.  Legislators are allowed to to create laws that have specific categories.  There's nothing in the constitution that says "if something is property you cannot restrict how a person treats it!"  




 Yeah, that's a spite fence.  You were probably in the right regarding the initial dog bite issue but you've decided to act like a child and up the drama level (while also posting all over reddit for the attention). 




 People with attorneys go first.  Then you line up with other pro se individuals.  If you are offered a plea deal you will go in front of a judge.  The process can take anywhere from an hour to several hours. 




 Again, if you try to fight it, you'll likely lose and won't be offered any plea deals by the prosecutor.  Go to the prosecutor and ask if he can offer a deal.  Don't try to offer a defense or excuses. 




  is there a downside to contest it when the day comes?

Show up at your court date, dress nicely, be polite and reasonable, and speak with the prosecutor.  Ask if there is a plea deal he can offer you. 




  Is there a reason why the state police did not catch me previously?

I have no idea.

could i use this to reduce my fine?

No.  That's like saying, "I speed on that road all the time your honor!" 




 You do, in fact, have a right to effective counsel.  However, if your counsel was ineffective, you do not automatically get a new trial.  A court engages in a two step analysis-first, was your counsel ineffective?  Second, was there enough competent evidence introduced at trial that even if your counsel was brilliant, you would have been convicted anyway?  So, even if your attorney sleeps through trial, if the state had you dead to rights and F. Lee Bailey would have had no chance, you don't get a new trial. 




 It doesn't matter if you've done it before, or if other people do it.  Closed means closed. 




 Yes. Whoever took that photo owns the copyright on it. You cannot use it on a shirt.  




  As a male in a domestic assault situation, it's scary to call the police.

It shouldn't be.  Call the police.  You have a recording. 




 If the introductory consult discussed the situation at hand, he may already be conflicted out. 




 Yeah that's not how it works. Like at all.  




 There is no issue with the ticket. You can be issued a ticket at any time up to the statute of limitations which is measured in years.  




  Hundreds of people who criticize TV professionally happen to support that opinion.

Do the people that downvoted you mean that you're wrong? 




 I'm a lawyer. I love it. Small firm, reasonable hours, decent pay.  




  There is no sound reasoning to just sit here and admit guilt when i could fight it and potentially get it dropped. 

You are highly unlikely to succeed in fighting the ticket.

Instead, show up on your court date, dress nicely, be polite, and try to work out a deal with the prosecutor. 




 How did you try to get the car unstuck? 




 It's likely that your employers believe that you just want to have long hair and are saying you're totally a Germanic pagan in an effort to avoid cutting your hair.

In order for your religious beliefs to be accommodated they would have to be bona fide religious beliefs.  These beliefs do not have to be reasonable, only sincerely religiously held.  A judge would likely look to the totality of your circumstances to determine if this is bona fide.   




 TIn the United States, is it illegal to to through someone's phone without permission?

It depends very much on the circumstances.

Also, do the police only have rights that US citizens have when it comes to searching? If it would be illegal for a citizen, would it also be illegal for them?

No, of course not.  A citizen cannot walk into someone's house and start looking through their stuff.  A law enforcement officer can obtain a warrant and do just that. 




 You should ensure the judge is aware of your age and that you are a minor. 




 It is very unlikely that a minor will be permitted to represent themselves in court.  




  We want to see the questions answered, not a bunch of people competing for comedy upvotes.

Can you provide some other examples where people did not get any advice whatsoever? I read almost every thread and I can tell you that's a small small minority.  




