 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/john-skylar/new-yorkers-rude_b_3870699.html 




 BISON CORAL 




 They don't have the manners of Canadians, that's why.  




 I hiked kokohead crater in flip-flops earlier this summer. My mom refused to tell me what it was. She just said "some people can do it in under 20 minutes" when I asked her how long it was. Little did I know she was referring to Olympic athletes and triathletes trying to get in shape. It didn't go over too well 




 I went on a cruise to Alaska one summer. One of the other passengers, a girl in her early 20's, packed only bikinis, short shorts, and tank tops. One of the landing party tour guides asked her why she didn't pack more warmly. She said it was because the weather channel always shows Hawaii and Alaska right next to each other. I gave up on the human race right then.  




 You sure it wasn't jesus?  




 I would assume only bots, mods, and admins. If other users could it would be anarchy.  




 I didn't mark it. Someone else did.  




 *golden-haired 




 More balls than nutsack I'd say  









 See, but we've already established it's a tortoise not a turtle. He's toast.  




 http://www.ncaquariums.com/ask-the-aquarium/what-is-the-difference-between-turtles-terrapins-and-tortoises  




 See, I appreciated the first person telling me this. Because I honestly had no idea who made it. But you are now the 8th person to say it and give the link. There are 47 *other* people here who have mentioned it's a repost. Yes. I get it. It is a repost. Thank you for telling me 55 times.  









 I feel like I'd prefer that.  




 I'll give you rice if you find the link  




 Woah I didn't know that. Thanks! This discovery will probably cut down comments on my pictures by about 85% 









 I feel like the entirety of comments on this page are either about people complaining it's a repost, or saying they don't mind the fact that it's a repost.  




 I don't get the title. But it's metal as fuck.  




