 You'd definitely be living in the moment if you were hanging on a cliff. Much like the hand being offered, it would feel far sweeter than any hand I had felt before except maybe my kids hands for the first time. 




 This seemed fitting: A man traveling across a field encountered a tiger. He fled, the tiger after him. Coming to a precipice, he caught hold of the root of a wild vine and swung himself down over the edge. The tiger sniffed at him from above. Trembling, the man looked down to where, far below, another tiger was waiting to eat him. Only the vine sustained him.  
Two mice, one white and one black, little by little started to gnaw away the vine. The man saw a luscious strawberry near him. Grasping the vine with one hand, he plucked the strawberry with the other. How sweet it tasted!  
Any hand would be sweet when I am ready to fall to my death. 




 I am a very impatient person, especially on the road. I used to get smoking mad on my drives into work.  I finally redirected my thoughts and said to myself, the traffic you hate so much is actually an excellent opportunity for me to practice patience.  Now when I get frustrated in traffic, I redefine it as an opportunity to practice something I am lacking in.  
One of my favorite Zen sayings is "It is useless to show the gold piece to the cat." One of the meanings I get from this quote is how futile it is to try to get others to see things they do not want to see or understand.  
Also, there are some people who get their kicks from disturbing, hurting, frustrating, others. They are just not ready for their spiritual journey yet.  Your behavior and actions may give them a point of reference if they hit their spiritual maturity. 




 I recently read something about religions and Zen.  The article stated that people who follow religions like Christianity, Islam, Judaism need the regimented absolutist view of religion. Everything is fairly well defined and mapped out if you want to reach heaven. It's only as our concept of spirituality and self develop that we can see beyond them and start to appreciate, and even need, growth outside the God-Follower concept.  
In other words God is sort of like Santa. While you believe, it all seems so simple. When you dive in though, the act if giving and sharing is about far more than Santa and as long it is framed that way, their ability to see beyond Santa's gifts is difficult. 




 Regarding this Zen Doctrine of ours, since it was first transmitted, it has never been taught that men should seek for learning or form concepts. "Studying the Way" is just a figure of speech. It is a method of arousing people's interest in the early stages of their development. In fact, the Way is not something which can be studied. Study leads to the retention of concepts and so the Way is entirely misunderstood.  
Huang Po 




 I think our kit bag of sorrows and frustrations allows us to continue to be mired in the past and provides us an excuse for why we are stuck where we are. As long as I can pull something out of my kit bag I carry around to explain my inaction, I have an excuse to maintain the status quo and not push my growth. 




 It is useless to show the gold piece to a cat. 




 I use an electric teapot. I put my hot water in a 20oz travel mug and put a strainer on top with my tea. When my tea is ready, I pour some in a ceramic cup to drink. That way my tea in the travel mug stays hot longer. When I travel for work, I fill a thermos with hot water and make my tea before I go on the job site. A good thermos will keep your water hot enough to make tea for many hours. I've gone over 16 hours if I don't open it. Once I remove some water and let cooler air in, it gets cooler much faster. For the most part, I can make tea twice from hot water in a thermos before it gets too cool to make good tea. 




 If only one side works, you probably have a short in a wire going to that side. See if you can feel a break in the wire. 




 I got a DBX3 for Christmas one year and I thought it made all my music sound like it was running through a wah wah machine. I returned it and got a TEAC reel to reel and a pair of AKG headphones. They were the best headphones I've ever tried.  
And imo Bose makes speakers that mold the sound more than I like. No one would ever confuse them with studio monitors. 




 Yes, I have a sound card with speaker plugs. I think you need powered speakers or you'll need a powered amp for your computer, as others have said. Your computer does not have an amp to drive speakers. 




 The best analogy I have heard is comparing it to old .32 dot pitch monitors. Our eyes would blend the pixels to see the image. We do the same thing with digital music. Instead of a curved line, we have a series of steps. Our ears blend those steps into a somewhat smooth wave. But here is where digital loses, the effort required to translate the steps to a wave diminishes the pleasure of the music. They hooked monitors up to people's brains and had them listen to both digital and analog music. The pleasure receptors in the brain were more active with analog music. Like the .32 dot matrix monitors, the image is recognizable, but it is not the same as seeing the original. 




 Listening to a Marantz tube amp driving Klipschhorn speakers. And for lossless, it was trading concerts through the web. Maintaining the exact copy for the next person in the chain was critical. 




 Ann Arbor: Teahaus. They have a nice variety of tea, are all fairly knowledgeable and they have a nice tea time. I like their single estate Darjeelings. They used to sell an organic Yunnan gold but since I've started ordering from Yunnan Sourcing, I haven't bought their Chinese teas.  
Royal Oak: Goldfish Tea. It's a nice little tea shop off the main street. They have a decent selection of Oolongs and green teas. I get my Jasmine green from them as well as a relatively inexpensive TGY. I actually like their mid grade TGY more than their high grade.  




 compost 




 1-Avoid the monsoon season. Google and wiki both have information about seasonal weather around the world. Compare temps, humidity and rain with flight costs by different times and find a match that works best.  
2-Fly, ferries have spotty safety records in East Asia. Ha Long Bay is about 2 hours from Hanoi. Book an overnight excursion with a good company. The overnight boat tours are supposed to be excellent. 




 I've read a lot more now. What you've told me throughout this thread allowed me to know what information I needed to examine in more detail. As well as possibly saving my next receiver or amplifier by not running 4 speakers and overtaxing the system. Now I have to do a cost-benefit comparison for 2 channel vs 5.1 or 7.1. I don't have a use for the other 2 speakers knowing what I know now unless I try to integrate them into a 5.1 or 7.1.
Thanks again for all your time and information 




 btw, I am looking on Amazon because of gift cards, credits through travel cards, etc. 




 Apparently I was confused about impedance as well. I thought you'd want more efficient speakers if you are running 2 sets.  
The additional advantage beyond the problem with the A/B use of going to a 5:1 would be DVD's on TV. I didn't realize the issues I was causing and the lack of benefit I was getting from using the A/B switch with 4 speakers. At least going to a 5:1 system, I would remove the A/B problem. At least now I know what direction to look.  
Does Yamaha still make good mid range receivers?  
http://www.amazon.com/Yamaha-RX-V477-5-1-Channel-Network-Receiver/dp/B00ILCS11E/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8 qid=1433179705 sr=8-3 keywords=yamaha+5%3A1 is $249 and looks decent. The next levels up appear to add options but not clarity to the sound itself.  
There is a Marantz 5:1 http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0081N916M/ref=psdc_14269301_t3_B00ILCS11E for $399 that I may be able to squeeze in budget.  Does Marantz still sound like they did 10+ years ago? It looks very intriguing. 




 I travel the world by myself for business, and I'm always too worried about getting a doctored drink and end up in just my socks in some alley. I almost did it to myself in Amsterdam but not with a drink. Passing out in a coffeeshop as a tourist, alone, is a bad idea. Oh here, let my get my friend out of here... same end result 




 Like the blue haired ladies when the Red Cross shows up at work for blood donations. The joy when they actually hit your vein for both you and them. 




 We're all 18-20 at some time. It's just a matter of having the right partner to keep your incentive up. Come to think of it, that is about the same time I became interested in Zen readings.  




 I was even more idiotic than that. They have brass connectors between the low and high. If you intend to use both, you are supposed to remove them. As long as the connectors are in place, it didn't matter which set I used. It's amazing what you can make yourself see/hear/taste if you are looking for and expecting a difference. I thought I could hear a difference when I switched them.  
So is it a problem to use both A B together on a system with the connections for 2 sets of speakers? Would a 5:1 A/V system add different equalization or tone to the 2 sets of speakers or does a 5:1 work different than I am thinking when playing music from a cd? I guess like a movie, it would need to be mastered for 5:1, 7:1 or something. Does the receiver itself modify the equalization between speakers on a 5:1 A/V system so even on a cd it would equalize the speakers different?  
You've really helped me understand a lot of things I was confused about. I've read a lot online but finding that middle ground useful for an avid, but well out of the loop, audiophile of sorts was challenging. We were 4th generation piano players on my Mom's side, so I grew up with live music. I never became much of a player, but I still look for the clarity you get from a live piano, horn, stringed instrument or percussion in stereo's.  
I had Nak equipment because I was a collector of concerts and they were traded through the mail on cassettes. I ran a Nak DR-1 and DR-2 for tape to tape recording. Since I wanted the Nak decks, I got the RE-2 as well. It was a marked improvement over this JVC I'm back to using. When we switched to trading concerts in cd's I got an NAD dual cd burner. After about 10 years it quit working and it was 100 bucks to have our local shop open it up and then the cost of repair. I sold it for 50 bucks on craigslist to someone who had confidence it was an easy fix. So then I was back to my 25 year old JVC cd player. It just happens to have the same DAC as their higher end models, so it's a decent player.  
Hope that wasn't too long. Just more information for a better idea of both my cluelessness and the sound I grew up with, and try to reproduce.  
Edit: for clarity 




 I just read more detail about the high-low settings and I guess there is a jumper that makes it so I am using both regardless of which ones I have my speakers connected to. I guess I was using them wrong and misunderstood what I read when I got them. 




 Thank you for your response.  
All of my previous integrated amps or receivers had A/B switches for the speakers. It allowed you to run just A, B or A B. I assumed since it had the option of running 4 speakers, it was built to handle 4. I guess I am really confused now about the 4 speaker connectors I've had.  
On the back of the B W's there are 2 sets of terminals to connect the speakers. They are labeled Hi Freq and Low Freq. In the owners manual it said something about how it adjusted the frequency setting. I assumed it was more balance to one or the other. Treble/bass. Am I also confused about this?  
If I switch to an A/V 5:1 receiver will that make use of the additional speakers without putting them "in parallel"? I have no interest in a sub but I would be open to getting a center channel to bring the 5:1 to use.
Thanks again for your advice and information. 




 I have a narrow room about 16' x 10'. The couch and my computer table is on one long wall and my tv and stereo is on the other long wall. It leaves about 7' between my computer chair or couch and speakers and tv.  
The B W's have a high freq and low freq setting. I have the low freq set between waist and chest level next to the tv and the high freq in the corners, pointed towards the center between shoulder and head height. There is about 1' of clearance above the corner speakers. I'm sort of limited in locations and heights.  
I ran them in the corners of the room when I was set up using the length, but the furniture layout just didn't work when my wife added her computer table to the room.  
The room is fairly bright with wood paneling, tile over concrete, and a drop ceiling. I've added carpets and cloth wall hangings to soften the brightness a little.  
Regarding integrated amp vs receiver. It was not money I was hoping to save but getting more bang for the buck. NAD has a couple integrated amps in my price range, but they are set up for only 2 speakers. I have an AB Switch box I could use, but prefer not to.  I've noticed some receivers have DAC's built in so you can run a hard drive to them. I would love to be able to integrate my tb drive to my stereo.  
I guess in order of priority is:  
1-Ability to work well with existing speakers.  
2-Clarity. It's my understanding speakers are usually the weak link in a system. It's a lot easier to get 20-20k and sub 0.01 distortion from from a cd player and receiver than speakers.  
3-Price to cost benefit. With bookshelf speakers I don't need a lot of power, but I do want to be able to rattle the picture frames on occasion. I'd much rather have a warm natural sounding system than something like Bose which does more modeling or molding of the sound.  
Thanks 




 Just to start, you recommendation of those JBL's is excellent. Their Studio Monitors are incredibly clean and precise speakers.  
My problem/question: My Nakamichi RE-2 died. I'm temporarily forced to use my old JVC POS and I get better sound from my PC now.  
I haven't searched for stereo equipment in probably a generation and I'm worried about considering brands that were once high-mid quality, that are now Chinese POS.  
I run 4 B W DM-602's and I'm currently using an old JVC CD player with a nice warm DAC that I am satisfied with. It's not a weak link in the system like the receiver is. I do not need a receiver, unless wanting to connect to my TV/DVD player requires one. I don't know if the AM/FM receiver is also used by TV and/or DVD's. I ran an old Nikko integrated amp until I blew a few transistors in it.  
Since the added components of a receiver have to cost something, is there any price savings by going straight to an integrated amp?  
Are there companies that are worth looking at that I would not have looked at 10 years ago.  
I've had decent luck with NAD, Nakamichi, Nikko, Denon and Marantz products in the past. I think NAD and Marantz are out of my budget this time. Any recommendations anyone has will be appreciated.  
I'd like to stay under 500US and closer to 300 is even better. My main interest is clarity and the ability to adequately drive my 4 speakers.  
I listen to jazz, rock and some folk/bluegrass.  
Thanks for your time 




 He's the Michael Jordan of soccer/futbol. His skills are so amazing, it brings fans to the game. We don't get La Liga games on our cable system but I'll watch any match he plays in when it's available.  
I'd like to see him join the Premier League so I can watch him more as they do show those on our cable provider. 




 I was comparing it to the Enquirer. And I don't really consider tabloids like the Enquirer and Mail as journalism. Just low brow entertainment. Sort of like the sports pages. 




 Have you seen the National Enquirer? 




 Irish Breakfast, English Breakfast, something like Twinings Darjeeling (I only say something like Twining because single estate and high end Darjeelings can be pretty mellow), Orange Pekoe, Ceylon are all very tannic and astringent teas like coffee is. They will make a dark, strong tea.  
My wife and kids are all coffee drinkers. Most of my friends are too. The Breakfast teas are strong enough and give them the kick they are looking for and can stand up to milk or whatever.   
From there my son grew into the more subtle teas. I even have a friend that switched to Yunnan black tea. Like oolongs, their diversity and complexity is amazing. Puerh's are still too earthy for me. I think some tea's are like fine wine or something. It takes an appreciation of the baseline before you can develop an appreciation for the subtleties. 




 Since it's France, I'm surprised it's not someone's full time government pensioned job to remove tourist locks from bridges.  
;-p 




 One is the British version of the National Enquirer in the US the other is for news.  




 I have the Mail linked under entertainment along with reddit and imgur. It's not news, but it is humorous. It's like our National Enquirer. My wife likes it for the stories about actors and fools. 




 I was expecting something to get shot, broken, imbedded, etc. Turned out a bit more messy than that. 




 How much pressure was there to avoid pointing fingers in your work? Or if not pressure for where not to look, but where to focus your energy?  Like the oil companies, there is a lot of money riding on the line with these bans, limits, etc and companies like Bayer have huge budgets to create reports, propaganda for the media, testing that gives the results they want, etc. It was almost insulting when BP was making all those commercials, after they poisoned the gulf and destroyed the businesses all up and down the coast, talking about how much they care about the environment and the local communities.  
An example; the neonicotinoid's themselves are not necessarily killing the bees. It just affects their ability to orient themselves and to fight parasites and disease. Place the bees in a sterile environment where they are not forced to forage as far for food. Where there are no parasites and no diseases. In that environment, there would be little difference between the baseline hives and sprayed hives. Therefore Bayer proves their chemical does not kill or harm the bees. 




 There are a lot of distortions about what is causing this because the blame falls on a very powerful industry.  Mites, parasites, illnesses, etc have always been part of caring for beehives.  Now it's like they all have AIDS and cannot fight anything off. Things that may have killed some of the bees are now killing the entire colony.  There are literally hundreds and hundreds of articles about this and like Climate change, some of the information is paid for by the people responsible to whitewash the issue. Neonicotinoid's are the smoking gun. The EU has banned use for 2 years to do comparison studies and the US is considering it. 




 You are right. I didn't realize it was from Thailand. Oriental Beauty is specific to Taiwan I believe. 




 Our large Portuguese clay dish that we used for all casseroles that was a Wedding present 30+ years ago. Cheesy potatoes are not the same in the metal dishes and our Corning dishes are not big enough. 




 It looks like Oriental Beauty Oolong. Bugs munch on the edges of the leaves and it makes the tea have a very rough edge to the leaf. It also discolors it a bit.  
https://teacology.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/oriental-beauty-oolong-tea.jpg 




 Itty bitty strainer. No oolongs for users of this imo. 




 That yellow tin is Oolong?  The Chinese restaurant we had near work sold a tin that looked like that and it was a very nice oolong for the price.  
I grab a different black tea from my cabinet at home every couple of weeks to have as my main drink at work. I always keep a good Darjeeling and a decent oolong there too, just in case. Like today I have a sore throat so I broke out my oolong instead of the black Lin Shan or the Wu Liang Mao Feng Yunnan 




 We went there the first time to get spices. We stayed for lunch at their little lunch counter. I forgot about it again until you brought it up. I need to make a trip there again soon.  
I usually only buy bottled tea or water when I am on the road so I do not drink these teas very often, but there is no comparison to any US brands. As others have said, this is tea. Not a tea beverage like what we get with Arizona, Lipton, etc. 




 The one that comes up was a writer for the Thieves World collection. Some of those books were written by several authors. They all had male names, but some of them were female. I believe I found the same thing with the Annual Science Fiction short stories book. Not the title of the book, but it was a collection that came out each year with excellent SF short stories. 




 India was eye opening for me as to how cheap human life is. People all over on the verge of starving. Kids being sold. I wonder how many of these kids have been sold to the recruiters? Kids being 18 - 20 year old's. 




 Any water soluble drug can be absorbed through the skin, Acid is extra effective because of how little you need to penetrate. A mixture with coke would have something but not enough to work through a squirt gun.  
 




 I was ignoring a glaring variable you point out. These people are really being conned by recruiters. I was blind by thinking there was  
A) Access to information and the ability to read for these workers.  
B) An inability for the recruiters to hit enough different villages and areas in the cities for them to keep the business going when word comes back to their community about the con.  
C) Following B, I thought enough people came back to the community successful that others joined willingly. Even knowing the dangers and hardships.  
D) Through ignorance thinking there are some general international labor laws all countries had to follow, which is why China was pressured to quit using child and jail labor. I'd think what Qatar is doing is comparable.  
E) Assuming it was just some shady recruiters, working with some shady sub contractors, and more the exception to the rule than the standard.  
F) And finally, forgetting how little groups like FIFA or even Coke and the other advertisers care about human life when there is huge profit involved.  
Can I down vote myself for earlier ignorance or upvote you twice? Thanks for raising my awareness and connecting dots I was not considering and removing some of my misconceptions.
  




 ehh, cheap for the right people. Probably not you or I, but it's cheap to make. And it gets absorbed through the skin. No need to get in mouth or anything. 




 If my neighbor was given part of my back yard by a 3rd party to build buildings and tear out my garden, the cops already chose to do nothing. 




 Someone needs to drive by with LSD in a squirt gun and spray the WBC protesters. That would change their viewpoint real quick. 




 With the caste system India used for so long, nothing really changed then. Blame the group, not the individuals. The group itself is bad, as are all members of the group. You know, like FOX news does with Muslims. 




 Suggesting it is good enough? You must have special glasses that allow you to read between the lines or something. Please explain where I say this should be good enough for them. What I said, is what they are coming from, is not much, if any, worse than what they are living in in Qatar.  I also said, this may be their best opportunity to make money so they can get married, raise a family, buy a little land, etc.  They certainly do not have the opportunity for work in India to achieve those things. Yes, it's terrible that people are dying on the job in Qatar. Do you really think people are not dying on the jobs in India too?  Do you think India is like Europe or the US where labor laws protect people from harm in the workforce?  
"the International Labour Organisation (ILO) estimates that at least 40,000 workers lose their lives at work each year in India." 




 I travel there. I am not speaking from what I've read. I'm speaking of what I've experienced. How about you, have you been to India? Have you seen how close to the edge they live?  Do you have any concept about how many people die of malnourishment every day in India? Do you have any idea how hard it is to get a job in India if you are on the bottom rung of the ladder?  
Once again, I am not excusing Qatar. I am just saying framing this in Western standards is a distortion. Qatar is not the US as far as labor laws and India is not the US as far as how close death is there for a significant portion of the population. 




 And just to be sure you know; I am not excusing it. I think Qatar should have the World Cup taken from them and have it moved to a country with the infrastructure to handle the reduced time; like Germany, the US, France or even the Benelux countries. (Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg. It was given to them because of bribes, they cannot have the games during the right time because of the weather, they have to switch up league play to handle the change in dates to accommodate Qatar. They treat their workers like slave laborers with little safety protections and causing many people to die. 




 Every time a tribe conquered another tribe in Africa, they sold them to slavers. But tribal living in Africa was much like native Americans so it was a pretty decent life. In the modern age, you have people living in cities with no running water, toilets, places to sleep, no food to eat.  It's incredibly depressing walking around India and seeing how low some people live. Garbage trucks don't go to dumps, they dump them along the side of the road, and people separate the plastic, paper, etc and eat the food.  People are crapping along the side of the main roads. Something like 50% of people in India have no access to a sewage system and use the ground.  
The people that recruit these people may be feeding them a bunch of BS, but some of them are going back home with maybe enough money to buy a little land or a little business. If you're at the bottom in India, there is not a lot under you. And unlike the western nations, heat is not something that you can use as a reason for not working. When I visit Ahmadabad, the temps are usually in the high 90's or low 100's. Everyone who does outside work in the industrial sites, are all working in any weather. I just got back from Vietnam with the 100 degree temp and near 100% humidity. I could barely walk around the city because it was so miserable. Yet all over, there were street vendors, sweepers, cleaners, etc all doing their thing. Putting a western frame around the behaviors and living of the 3rd world is like comparing apples and wrist watches. 




 Shibumi by Trevanian is excellent but more about an assassin and attempting to find perfection. But Travanian is an incredible author and highly enjoable to read.
Von Lustbader: The China Maroc Series and The Nicholas Linnear/Ninja Cycle are all quite good and may be a little more of what you are looking for. 




 Maya Angelou; I know why the caged bird sings is excellent.  
I think you may be surprised that some of the authors you think are men, are actually women. I can't remember the author now, but the books were written under a male name, but I found it was a female author who published under several names, like many successful authors. 




