 Knew I wasn't the only one to think of this. 




 This picture made me an emotional wreck. :,( 




 That's Extremely impressive, you look like a model now. Do you wax or shave?  




 What is that like? Sounds extremely interesting. I've never eating anything alive before. 




 It looks like Eustice from Courage the Cowardly Dog. 




 In the southeast US we drink a lot of sweet iced tea. And sun tea is the best. 




 Thanks for the info! We are heading to a village outside of Chiang Mai. Only a couple weeks left! 




 Thank you so much! Yes I do some lifting and I have also done some yoga. Nothing major, just a 45 minute routine that I switch up from day to day. Burpees are your friend! 




 I personally used tretinoin cream (prescription) and red light therapy to reduce the appearance of mine. It helped A TON. My results are in my post history. 




 Yay! Mine are almost non-existent too! It's such a great feeling! 




 How in the...? 




 Damn...I got chills man.... 




 Is that a type of food? I plan on mostly eating local food while I'm there, but I'm going for Muay Thai fighting with my husband. We will be just outside of Chiang Mai, in a village called San Kam Phang. We hope to stay for a year or two. My husband wants to become a legit Muay Thai fighter, I'm just going to train at the gym. I also want to get into the gem trade over there. I'm a big mineral collector. 




 I'm trying to take a bunch of fingering and worsted weight yarn. Probably about 40-50 skeins and I would like to check it into my luggage. 




 I'm getting ready to move from the US to Thailand in about a month and I was wondering what would be the best way to bring some of my yarn stash with me. Could I use space bags to store the yarn or would that mess it up? Should I just have it shipped over? Anyone have any tales of moving to a different country and how they took their stuff with them? Thank you so much! 




 This has nothing to do with luck. It's hard work. And I plan on continuing to work hard. I want to keep building muscle and eventually become a fitness role model. Thanks for helping to keep me motivated! You're awesome! 




 No lower than this. I want to start gaining and building more muscle now.  




 Working the toning. Just look at the different in my legs from pic 9 to pic 10. Thanks a bunch though! I really want to be a fitness role model.  




 I run five miles twice a week and four miles five times a week. I run twice a day two days a week. And I take one day off a week. On my 5 mile day runs, I only run once.  




 I think it's a tad tight, but you know what I would do? I would keep it tight, and use that as motivation to make it looser by becoming more fit! (unless you are already fit, in that case I would just loosen it.):D 




