




 If we are talking about opening scenes, I gotta say Inglorious Basterds. I was holding my breath with anticipation for those 15 minutes and what was on the screen was a guy drinking milk. 




 Yeah, Pratt would basically be Andy Dwyer looking for artifacts. 




 That's also one of the reasons you can't have Chris Pratt. He is Chris Pratt in every role. I agree with you on Bradley to a degree though, I just think he looks a lot like young Harrison Ford.  




 JUST DO IT! MAKE YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE! 




 Bradley Cooper looks the part. Chris Pratt has got the charisma but he's basically one big goof and I wouldn't want to see him as Indiana.  This Matthew Davis guy looks acceptable, but I don't know if he has the charisma or the star power or the acting chops. 




 Deckard being a replicant undermined the film a little as well.
 




 I just pray we don't have a complete copy of the OT with Kylo Ren being Darth Vader and Snoke being the Emperor pulling the strings from behind the scenes. It would be lazy writing. Hopefully the story is significantly different. 




 This is bullshit - you're oversimplifying a complex situation to the point of no longer adding anything useful to the discussion. 




 MAD MAX: FURY ROAD!!! 




 Making a full planet of Boba Fetts was definitely a terrible decision on George Lucas's part.  




 I just watched that film two days ago for the first time as well. Thought the bar scene and the opening scene were fantastic pieces of cinema. I couldn't really tell if the film wanted to be taken seriously or not though. 




 Just watched Ex Machina. Thought it was absolutely fantastic. Isaac and Gleeson are some of the best actors working right now, for sure.  




 I watch 500 Days of Summer at least twice a year. 




 Can anyone give me some resources to get started on how to create images like this in Photoshop? I have a basic understanding of the program but would really love to learn how to make something like this.  




 The infamous hacker 4chan 




 What I loved was the opening when Starlord finds the orb and dances to Redbone. It makes the whole movie for me. 




 Except a ten year old would have no idea who Jackson Pollock was... 




 Who would win in a dance-off, you or Chris Evans? 




 Hey Chris, what's your favorite dinosaur? 




 Chris, sell me a ticket to Jurassic World in one sentence or less. 




 Chris, you are quite obviously one of the biggest guys in Hollywood now due to your charm and charisma. How do you stay humble despite all of the attention? 




 Hey Chris, big fan. Who are your inspirations? 




 Thanks for doing this AMA Chris. I was inspired to get myself in shape after I saw your transformation and I am making progress but having a bit of trouble. I was wondering how you get the motivation every day to work your hardest, and what I can do to reach my goal? 




 Hey Chris, I'm a big fan, as you can probably tell from my username. I was wondering what advice you had for an aspiring young person trying to break into the acting industry? 




 It's dialogue from RotJ recut. 




 Hey guys, big fan. What advice would you give to a young person aspiring to break into the acting industry? 









 My wrists are skinny as heck, but I am still a teenager. Should I worry or just wait it out? 









 That was so beautiful I almost cried. 




 Johto! 




 Well most of the posts in this subreddit are wacky news stories, but rarely is there one that actually sounds like an Onion headline. 




 Better than we usually get 




 This seems like it is straight out of Clickhole 




 What about the disabled or people in wheelchairs? 




 [Someone's gotta do it](http://i.imgur.com/l68dwjD.jpg) 




 You could live in an igloo mansion 




 Copy that 




 Really cool, thanks so much! 




 This made me wet
 




 ["I have the high ground, Anakin!"](http://i.imgur.com/jz1S3hl.jpg) 









