 All I see is [this](http://i.imgur.com/WHCexX0.jpg) 




 This horrible joke again huh? 




 Care to give us a reason? 




 Tony Chimmel... [The Rated Rrrrrr Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuperstarrrrrr!!!!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4b4QL0tDQk) 




 "Every other black man on the roster" - Vince McMahon 




 You got it dude! 




 The Authority because if I suck up to them I get anything I want 




 nope...try again 




 Somewhere Luke Harper is blushing 




 Mask salesman with shit eating grin 




 He is saying "FUCK FIN BALOOOOOOORRRRRR!!!!!"  

He is angry there is another Irishman in the WWE 




 I still don't get the hype over these guys. 




 And if you're not down with that.... we got two words for ya....!!! 




 so I take it you edited his page 2 hours ago like the change log says? 




 Some form of this:

"The jabroni-beating, la-la-la-la pie eating, trailblazing, eyebrow raising step off the break, put your foot on the gas, always ready to whoop some ass, People's Champ, The Rock!"  




 I honestly talk about him as a person and a wrestler separately.  There's Chris Benoit the wrestler and Chris Benoit the person  




 I remember how he was a great wrestler which in my opinion should not be tarnished by what he did.  He was a bad person for what he did and for that he should not be remembered.  But to outright dismiss what he accomplished in the ring is dumb. 




 Money 




 It was on here long before Cole was using it.   So if you want to complain about it blame this sub 




 Fucking regular negative Nancy aren't you? 




 They don't become gay.  They are already gay.  They just come out as gay 




 "Lie"Ception 




 Cena vs Orton.  I feel like it would be a fresh match between guys we have rarely seen go at it in the ring. 




 I swear to god this post has been made half a dozen times today and then gets deleted again. 




 Either Kid Chameleon or [Gunstar Heroes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gunstar_Heroes) 




 The same things they have been doing, with a few more moves from each. 




 Fighting on the streets of NYC in Here Comes the Pain, especially throwing people off the building and through the limo 




 Kizarny 




 Maybe they work less days a year and injuries wont happen, Vince?!?!?  hmmmmmm.... 




 You're mama's so dumb she thought a quarterback was a refund 




 still gotta pay for that one time 




 I would be fine with this if I knew for a fact that it didn't lead to a stupid arm wrestling contest. 




 Gotta pay for the young talent in Jarrett and Vader somehow 




 If they are consistently booked well like they should be they will do good.  I just have a hard time seeing how TNA will keep them booked well.  I get this feeling like they just brought them back in to get a boost and to make people ooh and aah for a bit.  Once that wears off I feel they will fall hard, and be gone again. 




 Morgan and Hernandez started as mid card giants but then toward the ends of their respective times in TNA were rarely on TV because TNA was too busy with other things.  And TNA's track record with giving older guys way too much money to do way too little is horrible so there's no doubt they paid him a ton. 




 So they bring back two people who they completely fucked over in terms of giving them solid booking (Morgan and Hernandez), some guy that is so old and washed up that always just booked himself to win and people hate (Jarrett) and another old guy that they are probably paying way too much to do too little (Vader) and this show is somehow fucking great again? 




 One win in NH... the Jeff Hardy ladder match.  One of my absolute favorite matches 




 Honestly it was cool the first time it was said.  Then Reddit ruined it for me with all the suplex city shirts and artwork. 




 Two nuns, Sister Mary and Sister Elizabeth are walking through the park when they are jumped by two thugs. Their habits are ripped from them and the men begin to sexually assault them. 

Sister Elizabeth casts her eyes heavenward and cries, "Forgive him Lord, for he knows not what he is doing!" 

Sister Mary turns and moans, "Oh God, mine does!!!"

 




 That joke was heavy, man 




 Swagger 




 It was that greasy mustard tiger Phil Collins selling the fish 




 Teddy Long would bring him back 




 The Diary of Paul Heyman 




 Ryback - England.  He just needs to Skip Sheffield 




 There was a Bull Dempsey that swallowed all the food in the world.  The End 




 Oh my god... that's, that's Zolph Dig....*cuts to black* 




 Free hotel accommodations in Suplex City 




 A House divided amongst itself cannot stand, because the house is lying to you man 




 If you whine about everything and think you know so much better than WWE Creative... you might be a r/squaredcircle wredditor 




 Perry Saturn and Moppy 




 Jimmy John 




 It feels great to be back in the Silverdome brother 




 What Ownens really said in French to Cena 




 Other people besides Reigns' daughter that Wyatt likes to have tea with 




 Other things Roman could have found in Wyatt's room backstage 




 Gotta love how people still think that this is the idea of the commentators.  Like Cole is just doing this on his own.  Every time they do this it is because they are being told to from the back. 




 I'd like to see [Ayako Hamada](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ayako_Hamada) but with the TNA past who knows.  WWE does seem to be lessening the blocking of ex-TNA talent so this could happen. 




 I'm surprised it took so long to see this post again 




 The Young Guys That are Having Fun 




 Miz? 




 playful Cole noogies = face 




 [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWh1z4KBY4E) 




 Because it gets people invested and it tells a better more believable story.  You have good guys to cheer for when they struggle and triumph.  You have bad guys to boo when they do bad things and go against the good guys.   




 Damien Wyattdow 




 Bewp Bewp! 




 JR and Regal 




 He is a tweener...used where he is needed 




 Well that was dumb on their part.  The F-5 is far more devastating than Rollins' Pedigree and HHH's too 




 Oh agreed 100%.  Enough injuries already lol 




 Same reason Cena did 




 I'd love to see him use the [Samoan/Rikishi Driver](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view3/1319227/rikishi-driver-o.gif) but that is even more dangerous than the Muscle Buster. 




 I constantly use Kramer's  [Giddyup!](http://i.imgur.com/VZgZHeY.gif) 




 But Reigns isn't black? 




 Wyatt 




 [Ha ha ha](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/looneytunesfanon/images/9/95/27842L.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110704131521) 




 Juanita Cena -- Juan Cena's sister 




 It was good.   Fuck the whiners who feel the need to complain every week. 




 Team Oversell and then Lose 




 And the ultimate betrayal to Brock.... the new J J J J team is managed by Jimmy John 




 Because he is a good guy now and good guys don't attack announcers.  Plain and simple. 




 Kofi  "the king" Kingston 




 "The world's strongest man" brie bella 




 No prob Bob.  It's all good in the hood. 




 Nope... I just commented on the post 




 I'm sure plenty of people here would love to lol.

PS I hope your username is a Seinfeld reference 




 I didn't delete any comment?? 




 so did u/M4TTHUN about 6 minutes ago 




 That's what happens when there is very little time off during the year and between shows 




 "This is MY House!" --- annoys the shit out of me 




 [Yup she started out as one](http://i.imgur.com/eTChDIG.jpg) 




 Deacon Bautista to "The Animal" Batista

The Brood to Edge and Christian

Godfather's Ho #whatever to Lita 




 When Million Dollar man had the kid do a dribbling contest and kicked the ball away before he won.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwoQ2b3k8Uo 




 That was quite ribbeting 




 Baby that's all we need 




 That was ribbeting 




 Ah there it is lol.. Very nice 




 That explains why Manu and Rosey and Sam Snuka are still with the company as top guys... fucking moron 




 Ziggler because he oversells 




 The Omegle thing? 




 Did I miss how this relates to wrestling? 




 When sid broke his leg jumping off the turnbuckle 




