 I'm surprised there is any fondant on it. Certainly doesn't need to be. 




 Well, on that note, it's your own damn show. Invite whomever you want.  This week wasn't for me, but next week will be better. 




 I had one crash the first time I played it (launch day), triggered while playing the Gwent card game. Otherwise, I have experienced no technical issues. I think what you're seeing is a developer who is unusually responsive to community feedback, rather than a game that is unusually buggy. 




 I'd be very sad if Tabletop Time got the boot.  




 Do you see a lot of stories about broken indie titles on PSN? I buy a slew of them and have never had any issues, so I'm curious. 




 Haha, this is fun. :)

If that foil is edible, though, I will be astounded. Aside from the way it's reflecting the light, the texture looks impossible to achieve with edible material. But I think a foil wrapper is fine--no different than a cupcake. 




 If by "wrapper" you mean tortilla, I think it actually looks more like marzipan (but is probably fondant). The foil wrapper must be actual foil.

To me, the beef looks like chocolate rocks. 




 All evidence to the contrary... 




 I would be very surprised. 




 Tastes vary, obviously, but I disagree. I'm not very concerned about whether the show outpaces the books (since it's such a different beast now), but the show is definitely the second-stage act for me. The showrunners have all the subtlety of a dirty brick, and I doubt they can bring this thing to a satisfying close without a detailed roadmap of how to get there. When they have completed books to reference, they make some nice choices (generally), but when they're forced to move the narrative along on their own they suffer.

They're fine with hitting the high notes, but they get lost and muddled for the remainder of the season. "Hardhome" made me more optimistic, but it doesn't fix the big misses for the rest of this season. 




 Tastes vary, but I agree.  




 Frankly, if you want to play one of the older games, you're probably better off playing Fallout 1 or 2. That way you get a flavor for the series, but you don't get burned out on the Fallout 3 style. Fallout 3 is fine, but I expect Fallout 4 will just be more of the same. 




 Yeah. If I were looking for a smooth, 60fps bet, I would not put my money on Bethesda. Great games, but they are far from slick. 




 It probably has a lot to do with the way that the trailers are structured. The Battlefront trailer is a bombastic action set piece that looks very far removed from how actual gameplay is structured (in any game). The Fallout trailer has a lot of slow 'camera-walking-down-the-street' shots that look a lot like how these games actually play. 

I personally think the Battlefront visuals are going to be incredible, but the 'slow pan' style of the Fallout trailer is more convincing. It certainly gives the impression they're just showing off the environment, in-engine, rather than using the engine to create a heavy-action cinematic. 




