 apparently 3 of the 4 are in custody, their seeking the 4th (who beat the thing with for 30 seconds with a baseball bat, evidently).

I hope they all get locked up and spend some time thinking about their actions.  




 I hope it fixes the lightning issues! 














 A tour in iraq is safer than many things - we're very good at combat life-saving these days.  









 Shit, why not make all drugs legal? Why not sell nerve gas on street corners? After all, any reasonable regulation is the "slippery slope to fascism", we should just live like anarchists forever.

Smokers litter all over parks (i have never been in a park anywhere that didn't have butts in it), they ruin the smell of the place, and they can take their nasty habit somewhere else instead of a place meant for people to enjoy. 




 No one knows when their numbers up, to be sure. Fucking depressing to think about, though - one minute it's fine, the next you're gone. 




 that's why i rarely read the comments even on shit i post in /r/news - everyone tries to out 4chan each other being stupid over tragedies. It's pretty sickening.  




 that would be my guess - the guy rolled and accused jared of some level of involvement. If it's true or not, who can guess - not find out anything until more info's dumped. 




 Maybe, maybe not. Only time will tell.

I can guarantee these things will be so expensive that if they do work, they could only be used for very high value targets - would probably limit their effectiveness, somewhat.  




 I don't do anything shady, but if i did, i wouldn't do it on tor. It's a giant honeypot, one way or the other. 




 i'd consider it extremely cutting edge, high-risk research. If it'll pan out or not is anyone's guess - but i'm guessing it'll never be reliable enough for weaponization, unless we make some kind of serious break through.  




 Lol, law enforcement officer's stolen gun? Guess we need tighter gun control laws, right? 




 It'd look less like the revolutionary war and more like the iraq insurgency. Probably be lots of sabotage and sniping and IED's rather than outright "battles" in the traditional sense. 

Would just come down to how much it cost to give in to the insurgency's demands vs. continuing to resist.

America's a vast area with extremely varied terrain. Would be almost impossible to keep an eye and ready firepower on even most of it, let alone all of it. 




 Probably fell down a hole or into a ravine or something, and just got stuck down there. Can happen to anyone. 




 I think i've found a junkie who covers up their acknowledgement of their addiction to cigarettes by lashing out at people who want to help them.  




 Good. The fewer places people can smoke, the better. Shit is a menace.  




 There's a tremendous amount of space in the sky, but everyone in the sky is going to a few set points, across a few set routes, so it's much smaller than it would otherwise seem.

That said - mid-air collisions are pretty uncommon.  




 Fucking tragic. My sympathy to the families of the people in the cessna, and i hope the F-16 pilot makes a swift and full recovery. 

the best we can hope is that a lesson's learned from this and future accidents of this type can be avoided.  




 Was a really weird case, i remember when it was fresh. Definitely racially motivated.  




 My favorite Frederick Douglass quote:

"To suppress free speech is a double wrong. It violates the rights of the hearer as well as those of the speaker." 




 I think the main problem with Clinton is that she's just not exciting as a candidate. She'll win - of course - but she's not someone people get enthusiastic about. Kind of a safe bet, in a way, like buying a toyota. 




 I wonder if they'll ever get it working. 




 Am i the only one concerned the chick on top is gonna fall down and hurt herself? :/ it doesn't look very safe.  














 Yeah, i strongly suspect the truth is a lot more "i got high and shot someone" and a lot less "i found a gun that magically went off" 









 Qualia, yo. You're expressing that your qualia is different than other people's (which it certainly is).  




 that's kind of what made the story interesting to me. It seems pretty open and shut; why bother to even figure out why beyond "he was crazy"? But there they are, trying their hardest to figure out what happened and the why's of it. Very odd.  




 Got that right. I consider the confederacy to be nothing more than traitors, and shameful ones at that. Hell - the confederacy killed more americans than the nazis did. 









 First time i fought a shoggoth in CDDA, i was taken totally by surprise. Those things are nasty. 




 me to!!! 




 indeed so. I mean not only is it a total non-sequitur for where he lives (minnesota has as much to do with the confederacy as mars does) but he should have known that being a volunteer fireman is an honorable and prestigious position, not a platform to do political activism from.  




 It is indeed a racist shithole. A few days ago i posted a story about some multi-felon who shot someone in san fran, and i legit barely noticed the guy was an illegal immigrant. An *enormous* number of people in that thread were squealing about "trump being right" and how this is somehow standard behavior for illegal immigrants.

I was honestly a little taken aback.  









 I gotta say, of all the things that are bizarre about this case (and there's more than a few oddities) this guy sitting down to do an interview with a news crew before he's even gone to trial has to be the strangest.

it's not even a dumb move: it's a *catastrophic move*. It's like playing chess and you decide to dump battery acid all over your self in lieu of moving a piece.  




 damn peculiar, makes me wonder if the people involved were a little nuts or if the area is rough or what. 



















 Indeed so. 









 can't say as i blame them. situation like that the advice is "get out if you can get out" 




 George Zimmerman

here was a guy who could have been *something*. He could have leveraged a tragedy into helping people. He could have used the cameras pointed at him to accomplish some good. Hell, he could have done some advocacy for some cause.

Instead, no, he just turned his own life into a giant shitshow and continued to make terrible choices.  




 Fireworks are pretty astoundingly dangerous if you're at all careless with them. Used properly their not to awful (if from a legitimate source) but the minute someone improperly uses them, it's bad news.  




 Having been in a similar situation, that's some shit you never really get past. Images will haunt that dude for the rest of his life. 




 thanks to the great god Alcohol, i can see it happening just like that, actually.  









 I'm not some carebear who thinks we should coddle criminals, but it's abundantly clear to me this is a sick kid, not some kind of vile criminal. That she's not getting the help she so desperately needs is a complete and total failure of the justice system and our society. 














 Like any medication, there's good and bad to it. Overall, their beneficial - they certainly save more lives than they cost - but their not a purely benign substance. 




 The heart of irrational behavior is to do the same thing over and over and hope for a different outcome. It's clear that negotiation and conventional military intervention is ineffective. Something new must be tried.  




 translation: If you're rich, white, and have a good excuse, you can own all the guns you like. Anyone else? Tough shit, guns are for people better than you!  




 If you're a citizen of america, you got as much right to say what you think america should do about ISIS as i do, being a citizen. The idea that you have to be an expert to contribute what you think we should do is false. We're a republic, that means we get a voice, even if it's just what our gut tells us. 

Me? My gut tells me all this violence and barbarism is a sort of boat-burning: their saying they won't negotiate nor surrender, that we either have to fight them until they cease to exist, or accept them existing. Given the two choices, i'd prefer we wipe them out. 




 With more communism, yes. 




 What do you recommend, sternly worded letters and negotiations?  




 "We can get a tech guy from disney to shove some animatronics into the corpse, make it move, nod, sign bills that give us whatever free ponies we think we deserve. Simple!"  




 Well spoken. People forget that having kids isn't some mandatory thing, and that it's a choice people make rather than something that *has* to happen.

And yeah, we do need more vacation time in the US to be sure. 




 That's exactly why i'm not running a business right now: the regulatory and legal hurdles make it just not worth my effort to put everything in and risk getting nothing out. 




 Wonder how many people take the leave and then just never go back to work. be a nice surprise for the employer expecting someone to come back only to find out - Psych! - they'd rather wipe asses instead, thanks for the paid vacation before quitting. 




 I can kind of see the logic in it - the juvenile justice system is just not geared to deal with schizophrenic murderers (nor, i think, should it be).  




 Wait until electric vehicles are the norm, and this shit's mandatory everywhere.  




 I fucking love that song. 




 You'll never find out how on reddit.  



















 I wonder if the lawyer being named Roger Jones is a coincidence or a family member. 




 Life isn't about need, but that said i've often needed a machete-type implement when doing yard work.  




 Yep, and sobbing now that the gravy train has come to an end. 




 Also it's stupid as fuck, looks absolutely moronic, and is impractical to boot.  




 The challenge here is less turning it into a worker's paradise, and moreso keeping it that way for any length of time given the vagaries of human nature. 




 Indeed so. I mean looking at the current crop, "My parents are mormon doomsday preppers" is a hell of a lot more interesting than the Elio motors "ama" (really more like "ask us softball questions so we can get some free marketing") that's further down the page. 


 




 I dunno what the story is with this kid (I mean, typically speaking a 4 year old does not just go missing one day and no one report it!), but i want whatever software they used to generate the image of her. That thing is very nearly flawless!  




 I considered most AMA's just giant marketing ploys, so i don't even consider a decrease in quality of them a hit to the site, overall. 




 I'm a (reasonably frequent) content poster, and i could give a rat's ass about any of this bullshit. So long as i'm still getting upvotes and generating conversation, i'll still be posting to reddit. 




 It continually baffles me how much people over-estimate their privacy online.  




 nah, sounds like garden-variety bad luck, really.  




 indeed so! Just like many countries have no serial killers. 




 lemme tell you, this shit is a microcosm of modern life. People get all worked up over absolutely trivial shit, and then are shocked when real problems keep going unsolved.  




 Well earned!  




 I gotta think that's the case almost everywhere. By nature, homeless people are difficult to get a solid number on, and tend to move around a lot. There's just big parts of any given society that don't show up in official facts and figures.  




 that's actually my first thought when i see something like this - was it a design fault, a maintenance fault, or user error? It seems like it'd be safest to just assume as many people as can fit on the deck will be on the deck, and to build accordingly.  









 They desperately wish they were.  




 I kind of disagree with packing weapons in with the toys, but some of those honestly don't look *too* awful.  




 That's most certainly a crime. Hell, that's probably like *5 or 6* crimes. 




 I view it as a sort of inevitable evolution; people'll get tired of it soon enough and then find some new thing. 




 Just goes to show how far you can get not understanding the underlying principals!  














 They might not have understood germ theory, they might have had no clue how the disease actually spread - but they certainly knew how to stop it getting into port (or at least put forth a good effort).  




 Never, ever, trust the state. Constantly watch it, constantly call it to task, perpetually challenge it, but never, ever trust any state nor any part of any state.

That said, part of the state's job is to maintain order, to enforce laws, and to bring what measure of safety it can to the citizens. And part of that is a well managed, monitored, and questioned capital punishment system. 

I certainly would not approve of a capital punishment system that denied due process or that operated in secret, or something like that. Not at all. 














 I meant more the police, but if no one in the house is talking then maybe they genuinely don't know who did it, either.  




 if financial cost is the primary consideration of justice, then i weep for this country.

We accept numerous - infact, almost *innumerable* - trade offs every day concerning safety. More people have died because of bee stings than wrongful executions. 









 Gotta be one of the strangest shootings i have ever heard of - a 2 year old and a 9 year old shot in the torso (but alive), taken to the hospital in a car (rather than an ambulance), four adults and 3 other kids in the house and they got no clue who shot them?

Absolutely strange. 









 So now the tune changes from "we need tougher gun laws (that criminals will ignore)!" to "we need to start confiscating guns off law abiding citizens, for their own good!" 

Nice way to move the goal posts, there. 




 I almost have to assume it's something to do with my video card, or my OS or something. I'm sure they'll hotfix it soon as they figure out what's going on. 




 with me it's dark 24/7 more or less, with night being *really* dark. Sometimes restarting the program helps, sometimes it does not. 




 "damnit marie i told you to throw the fucking things, not hold onto them!"  




 I've always been a staunch supporter of captiol punishment, for a number of reasons. Foremost among them, there are some people who are - at a word - irredeemable. They commit crimes so awful that they cannot ever be trusted to return to society, they show no ability to ever be rehabilitated. 

Keeping such a person locked up removes them from threatening society, but it does nothing to prevent them harming other prisoners (who may have committed quite minor offenses), it does nothing to prevent them influencing people on the outside (this woman could seek to contact her living children, for example), it does nothing to stop them escaping (as those two killers in new york did recently). 

If a person cannot be redeemed and cannot rejoin society, then the best thing for everyone is an execution; it limits their suffering and it protects everyone from further harm.

I think this is probably the most i've ever written about my thoughts on the matter at one time, hah.  




 Incompetence to stand trial is (perhaps ironically) not really about mental health: it's about mental *state*. Someone can be totally batshit crazy, and so long as they realize what they are doing is wrong and a crime at the time they do it, they are mentally competent to stand trial.

One advantage of the competency system is that when we find someone to be incompetent to stand trial, it's pretty non-controversial - [Just check out this guy, for example](http://www.nj.com/morris/index.ssf/2015/01/immigrant_from_mexico_who_speaks_aztec_language_declared_mentally_incompetent_to_stand_trial_in_2011.html)  




 Shipped off to a mental hospital until the doctors find she's safe to release into society or she dies. 

[John Hinckley Jr.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Hinckley,_Jr.) would be an example of  someone who was found mentally incompetent. Because it's a notorious case, and is quite long-lasting, we know more about the treatment and outcome than most such cases.  




 the bar for being found incompetent is *exceedingly high*. Almost no one is legally incompetent.  




 It's really weird. On the one hand, she acknowledges she doesn't feel bad about what happened. On the other, she takes full responsibility for it, and expresses no desire for leniency. .

My natural inclination is to say she should be put to death (it isn't like she can be rehabilitated!), but since that's not possible in her state, being removed from society forever will have to do.  




 There's apparently two convictions that they don't say what they are - a quick google doesn't turn up what they are, either.  




 I thought this was just me, they need to seriously fix the brightness levels to be usable.  




 I gotta say, having the mod system set up like that is a ....crappy design choice. 

puts on sunglasses and walks away 




 The gun laws that made it illegal for a felon to purchase a weapon? Because he couldn't legally buy or own a gun in any state, due to being a felon. 




 haha one can only imagine the discussion that must have taken place in that car.  




 san francisco (and california) have extremely strict gun control laws. This guy wasn't a citizen *and* was a felon, so he could not legally buy guns in any state. Any weapon he used was illegally acquired. 




 Sorry for your loss.  




 I was a little surprised /r/news stayed up honestly. 




 [there are actually bullet proof backpacks you can get for kids.](http://www.thedenverchannel.com/money/consumer/bulletproofing-your-kids-at-school-bulletproof-backpack-put-to-the-test)

Companies like [AR500 Armor](http://www.ar500armor.com/) sell relatively cheap body armor (and it's back ordered in many cases because it sells so well!) Something like a concealment plate carrier would work well for every-day wear.  




 To me, san francisco is actually most mentally connected to the Zodiac Killer. 

edit: and Full House.  




 Actually, Mega City One only [rarely uses the death penalty](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mega-City_One#Law ) - typically for mass murder or what we might call treason. 

Of course, a great many perpetrators get gunned down, but only in self-defense by the judges. 
 




 Tumblr's just like reddit: follow shitty subscriptions, hate it. Follow good ones, it's awesome. 




 that's fucking horrible, i can only imagine how awful that'd be to see.  




 And if he had attacked a plane, you'd be saying "they should be taking these concerns seriously!"

Security people can't win: If they take concerns seriously, they "go to far". If they don't take them seriously they "aren't doing their jobs". It's a no-win situation, but i'd prefer they err on the side of safety than on the side of being incautious.  




 sounds like a reasonable outcome. People had concerns, reported the concerns, and the concerns were dealt with in an efficient and through manner. it sucks this guy was inconvenienced, but it's not like they beat him with a rubber hose or something. 




 yeah, this has "dumb kid" written all over it; i definitely don't think he was malicious in what he was doing, just thoughtless.  




 these could probably be grown with zero herbicide and zero pesticide, interestingly enough. 




 Honestly, i'm a little surprised too - i barely noticed that detail when i read the article. 




 It's amazing what a company can do when it has huge revenue and a desire to have the best people for the job.  




 that's pretty crazy and TIL! 




 guy definitely made a poor choice. 




 The thief driving a BMW is pretty strange, to be sure. And targeting a news crew is pretty uncommon, especially in daylight and considering the difficulty of fencing the cameras. 

I dunno, maybe more'll come out of it, but at this point anything seems possible. 
 














 I've heard conflicting things - some say it's bad, some say it's alright in moderation, etc. I generally only do it if i have no choice and it's for a very small span of time. 









 there were long, dark periods where i was just grinding and grinding and grinding for cpu, and it sucked. This might well fix that. 




 Thank christ, there's nothing worse than styrofoam for actually keeping food in. The containers break to easy, they sweat horribly, and they sometimes half-melt in the microwave. Whatever replaces them's gotta be better than that. 




 I actually usually point to Karla as proof that the justice system ain't just.  




 It's definitely a strange crime. 




 hopefully if he gets it, someone blows his brains out. The man's an animal, plain and simple, and it's an injustice to humanity itself that he's allowed to still be alive. 




 right? It'd probably make it to frontpage if i couched the title as something about worker's rights... 









 Since this post has no business even *existing* i figure i'll go a little off script. 

Actually true story: yesterday i went to wendies, and they were (evidently) training a new girl at how to be a Wendies worker. So my g/f gets a Frosty. The new girl kind of heaped it up a bit (so it looked like an ice cream cone). No shit, the manager told her that was to much to put in there and that it should be level with the cup and to remember for next time. Right in front of us, no less. 

I almost thought about bitching to corporate about it, but decided not to.  



















