 I want to see more dialogue from other characters. I really liked that MTV special of Pratt and Howard. I don't really want to be spoiled with more dinosaur footage. I want to see more humans. The cast in this film is so ace. 









 I would hope that he did that. All Day goes hard and all, but it feels stiff. Didn't I read somewhere that Kanye recorded a lot of versions of that song and eventually picked the most safe one to use as a single? 




 that's awesome! good work 




 The tequila banter was awesome. Gave me a sensible chuckle. Really excited to see some playfulness in the dialogue! 




 got that same vibe 




 I get what you're saying. But I feel like JP3 is just a monster movie. There's something missing.

 Haven't read TLW yet. 




 Exactly. 

Spielberg: "You know what would make this dinosaur movie kick even more ass? Bring the T-rex to San Diego, motherfucker$" 




 I gotta go with The Lost World, man. People are hard on it, but I loved it so much when I was a kid. The Lost World is an absolutely badass movie. To me, it's like the *Aliens* of the Alien franchise. 

I remember going to the theaters to see JP3 when I was 7 and thinking it just wasn't as good as the first and second. I was really young, but I knew. I felt it in my heart. It didn't have the magic that Spielberg brought to the table. 




 Dang!! Are copies of Operation Genesis that rare? Do you think my copy is worth a lot of money or something? Not that I'm trying to sell it, too fond of memories. 




 You need to get JP on bluray! 




 Came here to post this. :) 




 It could be what that ACU guy is holding in his hand when the blood drips on his arm.... Dr. Wu's severed stump of a foot 




 Shoutout to Derrick Rose, Yeah dat nigga nice! 




 It's like you doodled my imagination. Thank you.  




 MBDTF

Yeezus

College Dropout

Watch the Throne

Late Registration

Cruel Summer

808's

Graduation 




 leave NATO out of this. 




 That's pretty dank of Leo 




 What a douche. 




 The trainer being further out above the water is my favorite change. 




 +1 for Jaws 3 comparison.  




 He's someone who takes himself very seriously. He is a very talented artist. I think his overconfidence has caused him to say a lot of things that have gotten him into trouble. But it also causes him to create a product and a message that he truly believes is God-like. The loyal consumer appreciates how seriously he takes himself because it means he ALWAYS presents a good product. I think he feels like he has something to prove because he is one of the most hated men in the world, while simultaneously being one of the most admired and influential artists. He's kind of a weirdo. He's always saying stupid shit(you know it's true...) But it's a hell of an interesting story to see this eccentric family (Kanye   the Kardashians) trying to live normal lives in a a world where they a preyed on by the media. I personally think Kanye is so awesome and I admire his story.  I love how Kanye has had such a tough time with the media.  It's like he's in a constant war with the media over the status of his reputation. He's a fighter. I like that. And his music is fucking awesome and genre-defining. And I think he has good taste. I think some of the Adidas line is awesome. He's a real artist. And he has a crippling ego. But I don't blame him; I bet it's way more fun to live that way. I'd choose to live like a God, too. Wouldn't you? 




 The T-Rex paddock scene and where that 100-foot drop off came from. 




 Ha, right? He's just a kid!! Leave him alone and let him be. Want to see a *real* douche? Join a fraternity. The only difference is the media doesn't profit off of frat boys' douchey-ness.  




 Also, it's been circulating in the news that Bieber is the fifth most hated person in the world right now. They just filmed his roast and I heard he took it as constructive criticism. Now don't tell me that doesn't sound a little bit like Kanye after the Swift VMA's.

I can imagine that Kanye and Justin are actually pretty similar.  




 Haaa I snorted out my water. 




 http://four-pins.com/style/adidas-kane-west-adidas-yeezy-season-1-lookbook/ 




