 I was the same way. I saw a lot of builds before I pulled the trigger. I was worried about skill level and available tools. No need to be. I've got a jigsaw, a drill, and a circular saw, all bought from Home Depot on sale as a kit, some t-squares and rulers from Harbor Freight, and a lot of patience. If you do decide to do it, just remember, go slow, measure lots, and stop if something doesn't make sense until it does. 




 What kind of rice is that? 




 Don't listen to the haters man. When my daughter is old enough I'll be doing everything I can to spend time with her and make sure she know's that I'm there, and if that means a few spa days, you can damn well be sure I'll be down to get the princess package myself if need be. 




 That sounds awesome, I'll try that. 




 It is frozen, yes. This is the third time I've prepped. The last two times I made some veggies with spices and sauces and good stuff. This week I had no veggies except for this frozen broccoli. I saw last week someone just put frozen in and cooked it that way. They're not even really frozen anymore, they were already fridge temperature this morning. My hope is that they're at least partially steamed when I warm it up, but, we'll see. I'll let you know how it goes. 




 Check out /r/mealprepsunday 




 1/2 cup of oats, 1/2 cup of vanilla lowfat greek yogurt, 1/2 cup of milk, splash of honey or agave or whatever sweetener you like, than whatever "toppings" you like. Shake it all up, leave it in the fridge. I also put a half a scoop of protein in it. This weeks toppings are chopped frozen cherries and blackberries. Last week it was banana, PB2, and chocolate chips. Next week I'm gonna try brown sugar, walnuts, and bananas. 

I'm so glad I tried this a few weeks ago. This is the best breakfast I've ever had pre-made and it takes about ten minutes to put it together. I eat it cold, some put it in the microwave to warm it up, you can also throw toppings in right before you eat it, like some granola.  




 Good point. Added details above.  




 The pulled pork was made following this [recipe](http://www.100daysofrealfood.com/2013/12/03/recipe-best-pulled-pork-crock-pot/) (mostly). Brown rice and barley mix was cooked in chicken stock with a tablespoon of coconut oil in it. BBQ sauce recipe is 3 parts kethcup, 1 part dark brown sugar, half a part of water, vinegar, tomato paste. Some seasonings, mustard, chili powder, garlic, salt, pepper, onion powder, pinch of ginger. Cook everything down about 30 minutes or so and add some blackstrap molasses at the end. 




 In case anyone wants to keep up on my progress. I'm not a blogger, so it'll just be an imgur album with a few comments. 









 Downvoted? Did I do something wrong? 




 Cook all at once, refrigerate in fancy new Pyrex with lid containers, reheat in the oven like a frozen dinner. Don't freeze them though, you will lose any sense of fresh. 









 I can't tell if you're actually the bigger troll by calling out the obvious troll. 




 Oh god, thank you so much. Seriously, I've found lots of cool things on Reddit, buut this may be the best time-waster ever.

/p sandstorm all day long... 




 ha haaaaaaa 




 Yeah, as /u/shiftthedevil said. It's not a case of it's guaranteed to be poison, but why risk it? 




 I've asked this question to multiple individuals that have used them or are in the shipping container industry and unfortunately I have always received the same answer. A resounding "Yes."  




 Thanks 




 I don't know if it was Brooks' direction, or if Moranis just decided to do it, but using the loudspeaker to talk to the guy next to him and then yelling without it to talk to the guys over on the other sand dune made me titter like a school girl. 




 I know you said the reason this response is unknown as a response for blood, but what, if any, good could come from having this response to anything. What sort of protection does this provide the human body? 

Also, as an additional question, is this the same thing that happens to those goats that faint?  




 For your second actual request you should share the awesomeness of D D: Tower of Doom. 




 I'm going to try to to make my own sausage someday. I don't have a meat grinder or a sausage stuffer, but I've been told you don't "need" those things, they just make it a little easier. I'll let oyu know how it goes. 




 The sausage came from a package, but it is delicious. [Here's the brand, Al Fresco](http://www.alfrescoallnatural.com/products). I've tried most of their flavors and they're all great. 




 In an unrelated note, San Francisco attacked by Godzilla. 




 I always thought that sound was supposed to be the elevator. I just re-watched when I bought the digital collection and had the same question in my mind this time around. Admittedly my speakers are better this time around.  




 Like warm bags of sand... 




 The monitor shelf and speaker board (below the marquee area) have 2x2 supports. Since this picture was taken I also added full width 2x2's under the monitor shelf and behind the monitor back panel which stiffened everything up considerably. I'd highly recommend that. Also, the base was originally a 2x2 frame, I upped it to 2x4's with cross braces. It used to flex quite a bit at the top, now there's almost no motion in the cabinet when I shake it, the whole thing moves as one. 




 I actually used [LuSiDs](http://lusid.net/arcade/) plans initially, but made a few modifications. After standing in front of it for a bit and making 'pew pew' noises I'm thinking I might lay the screen back just a little more. I've got enough buddies who are interested in doing some 4-player stuff like Gauntlet and TMNT that I think it's gonna be a little too upright. I may go back another 10 degrees or so. 




 Awkward to pick up myself, but not too heavy to do it. It's pretty light actually. I'm going to fit some couch sliders on the bottom to make it easier to slide around since I've decided against casters. 




 This may be the most awesome thing I've read today. The utter non-commitment in your tone is just spot on.  




 This is before I pulled all the screws out and countersunk them. Up next is some putty and lots of sanding. I'm planning on doing a 48" four player control panel with a trackball. Graphics for the side, control panel, and the marquee, are going to be an Aladdin's Castle theme, since that was the only arcade my parents would take me to when I was a kid. 









 Also check out Nick Ienatsch [Sport Riding Techiniques](http://www.amazon.com/Sport-Riding-Techniques-Develop-Confidence/dp/1893618072') and his similar article from Motorcyclist in 1991 [The Pace](http://www.motorcyclistonline.com/pace). 




 Blurred Lines ruling will effectively turn this into a profit for Gallagher. 




 I thought stickers go the on the lowers? 




 Cool, thanks. I'm going 48" on the control panel and a 36" LCD. Sounds like I should be okay. Can't wait till I can get some Gauntlet going. 




 12 in North Carolina I think. /s 




 Can you make it so I see it more? 




 Nail on the head. It's okay to see people naked, but society has made us think it's wrong. 




 Never lose that. Ever. The best is that one day it goes from you holding them to them holding you. My daughter just hit that point. Getting an actual hug from her feels like the best thing in the world. 




 At work and no sound, but visually, the Prism looks so much better. What's the TL;DR on his review? 




 Whenever you want, you can come hit up my swing in Cali.  




 Nice bike, I'm sure it's fun to ride, but I hate manufacturer stickers on lowers unless the lower has a belly pan incorporated and it's on a track. 




 Unfortunately, outside of his native blog he can only utter these syllables.  




 How wide is your MAME cabinet? What about the control panel (at the back)? How comfortable is it for 4 players, really? Size and resolution of the screen?

Thanks in advance. I'm just starting my MAME build and this would help a ton. 




 A bad batch of Kinects you say? When I suggested that in my thread asking if anyone else experienced the same symptoms of mine that had their XBox about as long as I had, I was declared a raving lunatic. 




 Some other families in our baby group have dealt with this exact issue. Despite the pain involved they stood strong, no you cannot hold him, you cannot come see him. They skyped, and talked on the phone. Finally the parents found the light and got vaccinated. 

You are the guardian of that child. You are responsible for the safety, health, and well being of your baby.

Edit: We also had a mother in the playgroup that didn't get her daughter vaccinated. My wife and some of the other mother's politely informed her that she was no longer welcome in the group until she made the right decision. She also finally relented and got her daughter vaccinated. There is only one girl in our group who isn't and it's because she actually medically cannot get them. She's got some other issues that prevent it. Part of the reason to the other mom was that as a group, we're also trying to protect those that can't get vaccinated. 




 But the MMO Mode wasn't really MMO, right? It was still all offline, just super awesome at being offline? 




 I was planning on getting Goat Simulator because it's just awesome, but you have made me realize how awesome it is with your awesome background. Thank you. Thank you so much. 




 Is it bad that I want to poach your view? 




 This guy is right. I've done all four routes (101, 1, 5, and 395) 395 is by far the prettiest and most fun to ride as long as all the snow is melted, which you don't have to worry about this year since there was no snow, but the trade-off is you really should take two or three days to appreciate it. 5 sucks, it's hot even when the rest of the state is cold and rainy. There's nothing to look at except fruits, vegetables, and migrant workers. 1 is nice, but not really worth it for the extra time. If you're looking for fun, curvy roads, you won't really get it there because you'll be stuck behind cars the whole way. 101 is a nice compromise of all of them. Shorter than most, can do the trip in a day. Once you get down towards SLO it gets really pretty and the curves pick up.  




 Good job. One thing to remember. If you miss a day of step one, step two is don't beat yourself up over it, just get up tomorrow and try again. Until it's a habit, it's easy to give up. Just keep taking it one new day at a time. 




 Do you rent or own? 




 Here's [breakfast](http://i.imgur.com/gbt7B9u.jpg). It's overnight oats, this week I went with Peanut Butter, Chocolate Chocolate Chip and Banana. 









 I'm actually starting a build on my first MAME cabinet. How wide is your controller? Is it really comfortable for four people? 




 Where'd you see this. I'm in the Bay Area, I'd love to tell that guy where I'm going to parked at and invite him to come bump my bike over. 




 Yesterday my wife and I went to the Dr's to get her 12 week check-up and the OB couldn't find a heartbeat. She said by the size on the ultrasound it looks like the sac is the right size, but everything inside stopped growing two weeks ago. She's scheduled to go back in next week and if everything is the same they'll give her some drugs to induce a miscarriage.

My wife is 37 (two years past the magical age when things start being problematic with pregnancies) so we had discussed this up front before we started trying. We have two other great children so it's not a huge deal. She seemed to be in good spirits yesterday, but our one-year old was at day-care all day. She's a stay at home mom, so I'm hoping things still go well today with my daughter home with her. 

I know we're not the first ones to go through this, I just felt like I needed to put it out somewhere semi-anonymously. 

Edit: I can't say thank you to everyone individually, but thank you everyone for your condolences and advice. It felt good to be able to say it out loud, and it feels good to know that you're all here to get my back.

Edit 2: Wow, thanks guys. I'm glad to see such support here. I mainly just posted this to get it off my chest and to see that I'm not alone is good. It's also nice to see some of the other guys who were unsure about posting having a spot to get some of their own angst out. You guys are awesome.  




 So I downloaded MAMEUI 32 and everything works good now, thanks. Still kind of weird that it didn't run using MAME. 




 It doesn't tell me what's missing. Just a generic, you're missing one or more ROM or CHD files. Is there a tool I can use that will tell me? 




 So I've downloaded MAME 0.160 on a Windows 7 machine. I've sought a few ROMs from some places that say they are definitely for 0.160. Any of the games I try to run say "The selected game is missing one or more ROM or CHD images." I searched google for that error and most people say that it means that those games are not compatible with the version of MAME I have. So I went and tried a different site that again specifically said the ROMs were 0.160. Same thing. I'm feeling a little stupid here since I'm normally pretty good at figuring this kind of stuff out. 

Any ideas what I'm doing wrong, or is there a beginner's tutorial anywhere? 




 When my wife and I moved here that's what she called it the first time she saw it on a sign on the highway. Her brain works in marvelous ways. I thought it sounded good so it stuck, because I won't let it go. 




 Talk to a doctor if you are at all concerned. My wife's OB was very open with us about PPD and told us if either of us ever thought there was an issue to contact her. PPD can go from symptomatic to tragedy in a heart beat. 




 Yeah, you get an upvote for that. I mean, you could've went with Pentax K1000 or pinhole camera, but you decided to get real old-timey.  




 I knew it went to one of the ferries.  




 It seems like it's gotten better. I don't go that far, I get off at DeLong, but I used to sit in traffic at Rowland, or sometimes even 37 before they opened up that extra lane. 




 At those speeds it'll take forever to get from Sausagealito to Santa Rosa. 




 Goal: Drop 60 lbs

Progress this week: Meal-prepped breakfasts and lunches this week, been keeping to my 1500 rule, just need to keep it up through the weekend. Weighed in this morning after 6 weeks of ignoring the scale. Down 8 lbs.  




 Not to come off like a dick, but do you think stopping the weed for a bit might help? I'm not anti-weed, but there's definitely some ties between smoking it and having the ability to get shit together. 




 Look into the 100 push-ups site. It's just push-ups, almost no time at all out of your day and after a few weeks you feel ready for more. Than you can look into the 200 sit-ups, 150 dips, 200 lunges, 200 squats, etc... It's all bodyweight, no equipment needed. 




 Thanks for the info. Price isn't too much of a concern. Long ago my wife and I decided that prioritizing health over things like Starbucks was a pretty no-brainer decision so we can always scrounge up some spare scratch if need be. 




 Yeah, my job allows me to work from home pretty easily if need be so it seems likely that I could easily fall into the staying home to work and help out with the kids, skipping workout mode since my gym is close to work and I go to the gym before I go to work. Luckily I workout with another guy there and I'm hoping we can get to a point of him holding me accountable. 

I've also considered getting something like this [weight rack](http://www.amazon.com/Cap-Barbell-Deluxe-Power-Cage/dp/B00I04Z52G/ref=sr_1_3?s=exercise-and-fitness ie=UTF8 qid=1428509242 sr=1-3 keywords=squat+rack) so I can still do my 5x5's at home. Luckily I have room in the garage/office for it. 




 You non-Californian water wasters, you're so lucky.  




 Monday, Wednesday, Friday - Stronglift 5x5's. 

Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday - Run 30 minutes (almost 3 miles now), lots of core BS (crunches, side crunches, planks, push-ups, blah blah blah), and a 10 minute cool down on the stair machine thingy. 

Once a week, usually on Sunday's we also do a hike in the Marin headlands, I carry the 18 month old in the backpack, and now my wife is carrying a 10 week fetus around, so there's that reason to stay healthy too. 




 Sorry, I forgot my /justkidding tag. Yeah, I know there's absolutely no way that MS would give away a hololens. I know some people working on the Band dev team and I couldn't even scam a free one of those from them and they're only $200. 




 All preview members receive free Hololens(es???) 

 




 If it wasn't for the idiots using password as their password, we wouldn't be in this mess, now would we? 




 Do you want to get your house firebombed, because this is how you get your house firebombed. 




 Sorry man, I totally thought everyone knew about BARF. 




 Woah, thanks for that. That is what I'm going to do. 




 I don't have sound at work, so I played Ecstasy of Gold in my head over this video. Worked out well. 




 Looks like we'll be seeing an update on [http://isdmxinjail.com/](isdmxinjail.com) pretty soon

FTFY 




 Someone told me these weren't jellyfish, but for the life of me I can't remember what they said it was.

Edit: It's called the Velella velella. Not jelly fish, they're hydrozoans, like a man-of-war. [Article](http://www.livescience.com/47159-sailing-sea-creatures-wash-ashore.html) 




 You should consider adding coconut oil to your rice while cooking it. Reduces the calories that your body absorbs from the rice. Check out [this article](http://www.latinpost.com/articles/46005/20150403/coconut-oil-and-new-heating-process-could-lower-calories-by-half.htm), read the research, seems solid. I've been told by some people that it should work with all carb (noodles, etc...)  




 This exactly. I grew up about 12 blocks in the wrong direction from where this occurred. Just north of 47th and Paseo (which I guess doesn't exist anymore, they put a crazy bridge there or something) and were these kids to do this kind of shit down there, the 'karma' they received would've come from a source other than the police. 




 Netflix has no friends. Classic. 




 Forget excuses to go to the garage, try finding an excuse to go to the other side of the country. 




 I can completely understand this sentiment from gamers that have more time or are just better at gaming than others (typically referred to as hardcore gamers, I guess.) This game is not for them. But taken from another point of view, as a gamer who only gets two or three hours a day (if that) to put towards playing, I don't want a game that I have to invest six months (or more) in, like the bigger, longer RPGs (Final Fantasy, for instance). Something like this is just perfect. I'll get a week or two out of it. I'll likely pick it up again sometime later and replay it for the story. It's perfect for me. 




 It took me a bit to find a system that worked. In fact, I got really good with a team of two characters just in time for that to be forcibly changed and had to re-adapt. In the end, I had most of my people pretty well leveled up and for the big fights I would mostly rotate through my support players who would stack bonuses on one of the other characters that had the big-money attacks. 




 Uninstall and try again maybe? Dunno, haven't seen anything like that before. 




 I haven't played Ori yet, but I think Ori is a platformer, right? This is not much of a platformer. In fact, it becomes almost completely non-platform oriented about a half an hour into the game. Other than that though I couldn't compare or contrast the two.  




 I saw the trailers for Child of Light when it first came out and I thought, wow, looks different, but I don't know if it's going to be fun. Well, fast forward however many months it's been since then to now when it's shown up on GWG for free. On Thursday I set it to download while at work and picked it up to start playing it that midnight. A really interesting coincidence that the timeline of the game also starts on a Good Friday. 

From moment one, I was hooked. As a dad, I don't get a lot of time to play so I normally try to spread it around to different genres of games to keep me entertained. Not this. If I had time to play over the last three days, I was playing it. Just finished it up now, on Easter day, which is funny but I won't give away any spoilers. 

What a great game. An interesting take on art direction, but definitely one I could stand behind. I honestly had no idea it was an RPG (it's never really mentioned or shown in the trailers) and was pleasantly surprised when the first fight started. The fighting was enjoyable and the animations, while not as over-the-top as the latest FF games, are cool enough to keep you entertained. Using the Oculi to enhance (or possibly completely screw up) your strategy is a nice addition, as well. 

The story is great, along with how they weave it all together. Yes, you will probably have the end of the story figured out long before it rolls around, but it's still fun to watch it come together. The writing is also well done and had me chuckling a few times.

The music is spot on and the sound effects aren't over the top. I could easily play this as the rest of the house slept without waking anyone and still hear the low volume level noises easily. 

Overall, if I had gotten a demo of this game a year ago, I likely would've spent the money on it up front. As it was, there was none, and instead I just got it free and knock it out in about as fast as I've ever finished any game. Four and a half talking fireflies out of five.

Edit: Also, I'm not a big fan of grinding out those last few levels if you don't need to, but I've beat the last boss and will now be going back to finish my skill trees and collect the last few things I missed. 




 Step one, stop playing XBox for a week.

Step two, take that time you would've been playing and instead do something really horrible; smoking crack, banging hookers, etc...

Step three, after a week of that she'll be begging you to just play XBox. Then you can sell your leftover crack or pimp the hookers.

Step four, profit. 




 I was with you all the way through it. 




 I couldn't watch more than 30 seconds of that guy without wanting to punch him. Can someone give me the break down on what his complaints were? That it was a waste of money for them all to be at the store together? 




 Check this [page](http://android.serverbox.ch/?p=549) out. Seems like it could be what you need. 




 Okay guys, we're expecting our third kid (we already have an 18 year old and a 19 month old,) in November of this year and the Toyota Yaris just ain't gonna cut it. So, give me your auto recommendations. We've decided that we're okay with something that's just big enough for my wife and I and the two car seats, but it needs to have good cargo room for packing all the crap. We've been thinking about wagons like the VW Sportswagon and the Volvo V70. Not that into SUV's, unless they're really not-SUV-like. And no mini-vans. We're not going there. 




 Do you mean something like [this?](http://i.imgur.com/Kb43Hh5.png)

On error, your case goes true, and than you send an error? 




 Shook a few things in Novato even. Nothing major, actually came here to see if I really felt something. 




 Impossibru 




 Up Next: Darude - Sandstorm by Darude 




 I use grey water for my vegetable garden. 




 ~~drive~~ ride into the Navy Yard...

FTFY 




 Thanks for the reply. I'll stick with it. I think that's the biggest thing is just keep getting up every morning and going. 




