 I like single lane roundabouts. Once you add more lanes, the idiocy of the population kicks in. Most people just ignore the lanes in those.  




 What should I use to clean it?  




 /r/wtf has actually been making me say wtf. Thank you, reddit, for finally putting out weird shit again.  




 Suspensions have interested me since I first saw them, and I'm interested in doing one (or more if I like it), but I'm wondering if there's an age requirement (or an age you'd suggest) for it.  




 [These are probably what you're looking for.](http://www.sickplugs.co.uk/product/blue-snowglobe-plug) 




 I think 15-16 is the minimum. At that age, you have an okay scope of a job, college, and the rest of your life. At 10, you're hardly out of elementary school (if that). I also think that piercings should be fully the decision of the one being pierced. Pierced babies always frustrate me. I understand that the school and parents are okay with it, but I hope she was given a talk about how future employers might not be okay with it. I've wanted stretched ears when I was younger, but I didn't even know how people wanted to do it; I thought you needed some type of surgery, which my parents would never allow. Once I got a bit older and a bit more educated on it, along with showing responsibility, my mom allowed it. I definitely think 10 is too young to start stretching, but I don't think there should be any laws or regulations on it.  




 With my first piercings, the 18-14 jump wasn't happening at all. My second piercings, however, went from 18-14 seamlessly. It ultimately depends on your ears/piercings. If it feels like you have to force it through, it's too big of a jump for your ears.  




 I keep my stuff in a transparent blue lock box (from Walmart, so it's not far from pickable; just enough to keep it from popping open) and I have each pair in a labelled 'drug dealer' baggie. I would do the tackle box system (which I really like) but I don't quite have enough plugs to have a system for that, and I find the labels a bit easier.  




 I think I'll be doing that. I'm diligent about keeping only steel in fresh stretches, and I'm planning on getting mostly glass, steel, wood, or other non-acrylic plugs and tunnels in my goal size. I have one acrylic pair, but I'd only be wearing them for a day at most. The spirals I would wear over night and such, so sleeping on them probably didn't help.  




 Morgan Joyce/ilymorgannn is pretty reputable when it comes to piercings and the advice that comes with them. I would give that link as advice myself.  




 BAF has fossilized mammoth tusks for over $1000. 




 From my experience, Wal-Mart does better piercings than Claire's. My first holes were done by Claires, and I needed a taper to go to 16g, but my second holes could go up to 14 right away. My first holes have also been extremely sensitive. This is also problematic for me because I want to stretch to 2g, but I don't want my ears funny looking with the outside being the larger hole.  




 bodyartforms.com all the way. I've had completely good experience with them, and you get free o rings and a sticker along with a gauge card with every order, and who doesn't like free things? They also have a huge selection (with decent prices) and excellent service. Their shipping rates are also decent, and it's only $1 to add insurance to the order.  




 I read on BAF that Kaos is discontinuing their o rings. Is there anywhere else that sells clear silicone? With my recent BAF orders, I've been choosing the clear o rings as the freebies since they're not like the standard black ones that come with everything, but since they're being discontinued, I might need a new source.  




 So I started wearing some 14g acrylic spirals in a healed stretch, and I noticed that a really small area around/in the piercing was a reddish pink. I didn't know if this was just dye coming off of the spirals, or a reaction to them. My ears don't feel irritated while wearing them. I clean the spirals with rubbing alcohol and a q tip and they usually turn the q tip pink which is why I thought it was maybe the dye.  




 In what way does the stretching speed effect the shrinking? Does faster stretching mean faster shrinking? I'm kinda in the same boat as OP with stretching, and I'm only at a 12 so not too worried yet.  




 I pictured the entire scene when I saw that. Bomb jacket and everything.  




 [Accept my selfie.](http://i.imgur.com/3ObI9oY.jpg) 




 Build underground. 




 klol 




 Doesn't the period stuff get taught in 5th-6th grade? Or at least health classes? 




 I'm trying to download the game and it's stuck at 0%. I don't know how to get it to download or if it's just a really big download, but it's been stuck for an hour or so.  




 This is why mannequins exist.  




 After looks amazing!! 




 Have you ever heard of camera phones? They're these awesome new things that are phone, but they have a camera on them too. It's really neat.  




 Thanks! 




 I have some programs for my TI 84 Silver that I want to convert to my TI 84 SilverC. I want to know if this is possible. If I can't convert it, can I just write the program straight into the 84C? I'd also like to know if there's a pc program that can read calculator programs to display the code and allow editing.  




 Legal pads. Although it's understandable why most people aren't exactly passionate about them, I just love them.  




 I'm not alone! 




 I spent $10 on a roll of toilet paper with Mitt Romney's face printed on it. It was funny for about three seconds.  




 I want to use Meeko as a follower so bad but I'm afraid of losing him :/ I'm hoping one of my kids will want to adopt him so I can keep him and he won't die. I wish I was on PC so I could console him immortal or something.  




 Mine was a battle axe with a pretty good enchantment too. I have a feeling it was frost or shock. I always want to destroy every other holds' special weapon out of spite. I wouldn't be able to just let Lydia go. I always make sure she's at home with my kids so she's out of danger. I refuse to have them live at homes away from Breezehome, because the walls of Whiterun are rather safe. Losing Lydia would crush me.  




 When I found out I sold the axe of Whiterun. I'm attached to Whiterun, so when I found out I sold that axe because level 8 me was scraping for money, I was pretty sad.  




 There's no getting out of these downvotes.  




 Janessa in Whiterun. I hardly enter the Drunken Huntsman or hire followers, so it didn't affect me in the slightest. 
 




 It's just kind of his thing. In pretty much all of his videos, he's shirtless. Davey just embraces his nudity. He always wears pants in videos, though.  









 I feel like it would be smarter to carry around a cheap smartphone (or at least not shitty looking phone) to avoid OP's classmate's situation.  




 [Dawnguard Spoiler](#dg "If you haven't been to (or found) Ancestor Glade yet, I definitely recommend it. It is by far, one of the most beautiful and mysterious places in the game. It's just south east of Peak's Shade Tower in a mountain near Falkreath. There's a few spriggans, but after getting past those, is a large cavern similar to the Gildergreen Sanctuary. There's odd trees with unharvestable bark (unless you have the proper tool) so bring the nettlebane if you have it in case that will work. This is one of those locations that I probably wouldn't have found if I didn't climb mountains a lot, so it's easy to miss but worth the travel. If anyone knows any more about it, sharing is great!") 




 Alright. Thanks! 




 Does Dawnguard make you a vampire regardless? 




 Which should I get first? Does it matter? I want the best experience, and I don't know if having both at once will be good, or if it will even be noticeable. Any help is appreciated.  




 How do you react to the more extreme fans/fan art? 




 Should only take 3 sheets with 2 ply.  









 I always thought that if I had a blanket covering my body, I would be safe from the world's horrors.  




 Nope. Just typed them in the wrong order. The rest of the letters I can only justify by the cat walking across the keyboard. 




 I think it's just a universal tradition thing now and one of those pointless etiquette rules. I went to a summer camp that made you run around the mess hall as everyone chanted if you had your elbows on the table. When I got home I slammed my elbows on the table and embraced the freedom.   




 I'd stay off the subreddit if you're worried about spoilers... 




 I don't have porn on my computer and I'm still too paranoid to put my laptop on the tv. You get some bravery points.  




 I don't hate Justin Bieber. I'm not a fan, but there's no reason to hate him. He probably makes more in ten minutes than I will in a lifetime, and it's just immature to hate him for songs he released years ago.  




 The only time I will cosplay or get even the slightest bit weird with my interest in anime, is at an anime con. It's a designated place and time for people that like anime to be a bit more open about it and it's a bit more accepted to let loose. I still refuse the weird noises.  









 I do my best not to post unless it's in a subreddit for teens.  




 I played that once. It destroyed my processor.  




 [My gloriously fangirl drenched, possibly triggering, and quite unoriginal blog.] (http://mikovargas.tumblr.com/)  




 Why the actual fuck is that purple _ ? 




 I remember finding the lyric book for my band in 4th grade. Even made a dvd of one of the songs. Snapped the cd and disposed of the lyrics. Never again. 




 The third and fourth ones kind of look like the models on packaged Halloween costumes.  




 I'm afraid there would be many crusty sleeves without tissues.  




 No, I haven't. Only a few other ones a while back.  




 Any shaders kill my computer. It's not worth the FPS drop for me. I use a regular laptop, so that might be the problem. But I'm not getting a gaming pc just for shaders.  




 They *are* a thing with the new snapshots and upcoming 1.7. 




 That link is purple _ 









 I made the decision that if I purchase any over priced clothing, it had better have the brand name emblazoned on it for justification.  




 The only confirmed gay character is Sweden. The rest is just speculation (based off of consistent hints).  




 [It could be worse I guess.](http://www.deviantart.com/art/Commission-Erica-rose-the-hedgehog-318004653) 




 I was wondering why the picture of America was included until I remembered most redditors aren't Hetalia fans.  




 That one makes much more sense than the other pictures, since the character represents America. The Sonic ones are agreeably where it gets weird.  




 Philosopher was changed to sorcerer so that American children would know it was about wizards and be more likely to read the book.  




 You might want to tag that.  




 This is a repost from the list of top posts.  




 Is there any way to get her armor besides killing her? 




 [It always feels good.](https://gs1.wac.edgecastcdn.net/8019B6/data.tumblr.com/c21cd83ea070204a95e981d633063e86/tumblr_mig1e8Okmz1s51zjyo1_250.gif) 




 Well fuck. I guess that time I looked up pork recipes really screwed me over.  




 He posts tweets like this regularly. That's a pretty dedicated 'hacker'.  




 OP might not be drinking age but still on their own.  




 In Breezehome, I would organize my potions and such on shelves and get everything nice and neat down to the last cup. Save and go off to do a quest. Come home to a disaster. I always blamed Lydia for having a party while I was gone even though it's just an annoying glitch.  









 Another reddit legend dug up at least once a day. 




 Thomas isn't that bad. Not everyone will pick up on the train reference.  




 It's not teal. It's *marine*.  




 I shouldn't have clicked that. I should *not* have clicked that. [Eyewash time -very SFW](http://kittiesntitties.tumblr.com/) 




 /r/popping Would love to have a go at that.  




 I saw this on facebook too, but I can never really tell if TF4 is a thing or its just heavily rumored. There hasn't been much official word that I've seen. 




 ...wrong subreddit? 




 .....I'm damn adorable.  




 It's in the depths of the sidebar. http://www.stickermule.com/products/snowboarding-sticker
There you go! 




