 Dane DeHaan 




 Another method actor. 

["Jakey G ain't got nothin' on me." -Christian Bale](https://04jjhawkins.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/christian-bale-transformation.jpg) 




 The Place Beyond the Pines 




 I think I'm a Jason. 




 Sometimes if I'm feeling frisky I pop in Blue Valentine. 




 This is my order:

1. Act one

2. Act three

3. Act two 




 [Take that back!](http://i.imgur.com/LRaJMTD.jpg?1) 









 but Billy uses his trademark Sexy Voice in that song no homo 




 17 




 haha you're gonna need to post the link, dude 




 Sega Genesis  




 uhhhh... ebay?

but unless if you're seriously strapped for cash, keep it  




 why do you say this? 




 1. Tear

2. Behold! The Night Mare

3. The Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete

4. Crestfallen

5. Annie-Dog

6. For Martha

7. Blank Page

8. Once Upon A Time

9. To Sheila 

10. Ava Adore

11. Pug

12. Daphne Descends 

13. Shame

14. Perfect

15. Appels + Oranjes 

16. 17

 




 20 hours of ~~work~~ play 




 The lack of Adore (Smashing Pumpkins) disturbs The Father Magoo. 




 fook. looks like I wasted $40 









 The Smashing Pumpkins 




 No, it sucks. Hardly any content. Go play a real game, like Superman 64. 




 They're both great games, but The Witcher 3 is much better. 




 pretty fucking violent 




 I believe three times. Do you know of any other Billy C interviews like this on other shows?  




 I would call one Dad, the other Daddy. 




 Every day. Do you have a washing machine? Sell it. Don't wear the same outfit twice, honey. Rookie mistake.  




 no I stay away from that garbage. I might relapse and become a Chunky Monkey again 




 you should probs get laid 




 when she sucked my dick while sober 




 Huh... I was just wondering whether this was considered feminine by popular culture. I did not make a judgment myself; I was inquiring what the judgment of others is. 









 Witcher 3... 

sexy women...

mmm... 









 I have always had morning wood. I call it the bat signal.  




 hey someone just posted that 




 I mean, if you want to play them, go ahead, but you don't have to play them to understand The Witcher 3. The novels are a good read if you want more story. 









 [well...](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/25/d4/d7/25d4d7d302ec8e5c684d1aee74b76bf0.jpg) 




 watch some chick flicks and study their behavior at the park while eating lemon tarts 




 His name is Billy Corgan. 




 [yeah, they're really cute](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/7b/2f/62/7b2f62839af28c9b7ba7adb4e0ffbc17.jpg) 




 maybe lift weights and get some hobbies other than gaming?

also try not being nine years old? 




 I don't kill. 




 You simply need to understand how those of the female gender operate. It is actually rather simple to do.  




 well this is a real stumper. I don't have any buddies. you really got me here. 




 I'm sorry, but you have to do something sexual. ass, mouth, vag, in that order. this will show how much you care. 




 well I do it by fucking her brains out, but that's just me 




 fuck bitches snort coke  




 shorties 




 she likes it, so I like it 




 wait who passes up sex? 




 whatever side my girl wants me. she likes to sleep on top of me. 




 no, I just jerk myself to hot chicks 




 morning bjs 




 on back, so girlfriend has access to dick if she's bored  




 girlfriend wakes me up with bj

take shower

brush teeth

return the favor

do lifting routine

get dressed

take pugs for walk

talk to girlfriend about stuff

take selfie 

 




 if a woman isn't hitting on me, she's taken #sexyandiknowit  




 half life 3. can't get enough of it 




 Rise of the Tomb Raider

Gears of War Ultimate Edition

Halo 5

The Phantom Pain

Fallout 4

Yeah, I know that everyone is going to say to not pre-order, but I highly doubt those will be bad games (well Gears is a remaster, so I know it's a good game). 









 I've never owned a Playstation console, so I'm just shooting in the dark, but I'm going to go ahead and say The Last of Us. 




 Barbara's suicide? I didn't really notice anything overtly violent/sexual or excessive use of swear words, so I am wondering if the game is rated Mature because it includes such a dark theme. 




 He shouldn't let his girl boss him around like that. 




 whoa dude, you're going to get soooooo much karma 




 well I've never been diagnosed with bulimia, just anorexia 




 killing joke 




 Can you give me a link? 




 I'm 5'10" and I got down to 106 lbs. last year but then got hospitalized for anorexia. Was that too much? I take cosplaying seriously. 




 1. By Starlight

2. Disarm

3. The Beginning is the End is the Beginning

4. Ugly

5. Behold! The Night Mare

6. Jellybelly

7. For Martha

8. The Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete

9. X.Y.U.

10. Annie-Dog

 




 haha just buy it dude 




 I know that, but a tattoo is a bit too much. 




 I want to see the Smashing Pumpkins, but I don't want to go to it if it's all going to be about Marilyn Manson. 

EDIT: I'm listening to Marilyn Manson for the first time now, and he's actually pretty good, so the concert will probably be a good time either way. 




 I really like the witcher, but a tattoo? 

http://s29.postimg.org/j1q10zygn/wtf.gif 




 I don't understand what the point of a few seconds of piano is. Why did they put it at the end of Adore? 









 wait I though "fap" was synonymous with jerking off.  




 I watched some interviews with him on the Alex Jones talkshow, and he seems like a really cool guy. 




 haha I got to that part just now 




 yeah get the fuck out of here, cunt 




 not at all 




 fuck off 




 Ok, so I call you a numbcunt, and that automatically makes me immature... got it 




 I'm 18 




 I played the original Gears first, numbcunt. 




 and don't say that there are actually three others, as Judgment is not a real Gears game 




 honestly not trying to be mean, but you guys really need to drop some weight before you cosplay these characters... 




 Uhhhhh, I meant if his music is any good. I don't care about what kind of person he is... 




 I would never forget The Phantom Pain, brah. The Phantom Pain doesn't forget me. 




 You forgot Halo 5, brah 




 You forgot Halo 5, brah 




 You forgot Fallout 4, brah 




 He's actually a really good actor. Have you seen The Place Beyond the Pines? 




 I'm 18, and I just haven't listened to him, but I've heard of him. Are there any albums you recommend? 




 Does it mean "smashing pumpkins" as in destroying pumpkins, or "smashing pumpkins" as in good-looking pumpkins? 




 I noticed the Smashing Pumpkins are touring with him. Is he any good? I haven't heard any of his songs. 




 Oh nice, it looks like I can just play mgs3 and peace walker to understand what's going on 




 He's black, so he doesn't fit the role.  




 Mads Mikkelsen won't lose his acting skills by working out... 




 Is Metal Gear Rising Revengeance any good? 




 how can he do that if he's dead? 




 eh, kind of looks like he just started lifting weights. he doesn't need to look like a pro bodybuilder, but c'mon 




 I always imagined him as pretty muscular in the books. I mean, he spends his time chopping monsters to death with his sword. He should have some muscle. 




 NOT THE CROSSDRESSING ELVES!!!!!!!!!!! 




 YES. But he would really need to bulk up. 




 Yeah, I thought that, too. Maybe in like 15 years or so. 




 what if I read/watched a story synopsis? 




 The HD collection doesn't have all of the previous games. 




 I think Ryan Gosling could pull it off if he bulked up a bit.

I'm comparing my covers of The Place Beyond the Pines and The Witcher 3 right now. They have very similar facial features.  




 No, the question asks whether someone can enjoy The Phantom Pain without playing the previous games 




 You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah
 




 You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah
 




 You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah
 




 You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah
 




 You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah
 




 You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah
 




 Besides Ground Zeroes, I haven't played any Metal Gear Solid games. Will I still enjoy The Phantom Pain? 




 You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah 




 you forgot The Phantom Pain, brah 




 do you have a link? 




 I hope star wars battlefront is like the originals 




 time to get an Elite controller 




 1. Rise of the Tomb Raider (because hotness)

2. Gears of War Ultimate Edition

3. Halo 5

4. The Phantom Pain

5. Fallout 4 




 jesus christ, it's just 17 bucks... 




 She does not have much access to food, so she wouldn't be able to take a big shit. 




 I am a minister of the Church of Magoo. I myself am repulsed at the idea that one of my Sons would force one of my Daughters to accommodate Him against Her will. Again, I'm being realistic. 




 sorry I am sort of intoxicated right now 




 No, I'm not saying, "She deserves to be raped." I'm saying that it's laughable that a bunch of horny men starved for sex wouldn't try to rape her. 









 fucking casual!  




 Sunset Overdrive 




 wait can you send me a link? 




 well I like pretty girls too 




