 Donate plasma, sell any extra stuff on eBay, try making money online.   




 27/F. Long story, but I never got my license. I've been relying on my boyfriend and public transportation for the last 11 years. It's been really inexpensive, since I work three miles away from where I live, but I think it's time I ~grow up~ and drive. 

Another reason other than the stigma and overall feeling like a loser waiting for the bus: I got my BA in social work three years ago, and most jobs require a drivers license and a car. My job right now isn't bad, but I don't see myself there in the next year. Getting a car would open up my opportunities like 50x because I could also look at different cities to work in.

I have $4K saved, my boyfriend has around the same. We've been together 10 years, and he has said he'd help me buy a car when I'm ready to. I take home a little more than $2K a month, he takes home around $3K. We have the typical expenses. Our rent is $1350/month which is high, but other than that nothing crazy. Our combined credit card debt is around $2K and I have a student loan that's down to $900. I try to pay $75/month on it.

I want to start looking at cars, but I don't really know what to look at or when. I definitely don't want to pay a shitload each month on a car payment, but I don't want a piece of crap 1992 Ford either. My boyfriend says I should match what I have now and save up another $4K, but saving up that money was kind of a fluke. I was able to get as much overtime as I wanted for five months so I ended up working a bunch of 50-60 hour work weeks which gave me no time to spend money, but a lot to save. It probably COULD happen, but it would take me a long time and I don't know if I want to wait that long. 

What would be the best way to go about this? Wait until my loan and credit card is paid off? Start looking seriously right now and keep saving? Should I just pay cash, or should I get a loan so I could put my cash towards something else? 

Other things: My credit is decent, Credit Karma lists it as a 719. I don't want a truck or an SUV, and I don't see myself driving more than an average of 20 miles a day. The less I have to spend on gas/maintenance/insurance, the better. 




 I just turned 27 a week ago and am in the same boat. I got my BA in social work in 2012, needed a job straight out of college because I needed to move out of my mom's house, and started working retail. I've moved up pretty quick, to where now I earn about $30K/year (before taxes) but I still feel like... this is retail, what the fuck am I doing. People my age or younger come in to my work to buy stuff for their businesses, and they seem to be doing well, when I live in an apartment and have no car.

Things aren't all bad, my boyfriend is also in retail management and earns upwards of $40K a year, we have almost $10K in combined savings, minimal credit card debt, no loans, and two dogs that we love. But I still feel like a total loser sometimes.

The way I cope... the grass isn't always greener. We have no idea what goes on behind closed doors. The average debt in this country is $20K, and I know people with really nice cars and houses that have way more debt than that. So I think I'm doing pretty well for myself. Could I be doing better? Of course, but I should have majored in something in the medical field or business related if I wanted to be rich. 




 This is my issue, and why I usually never do.

But after this whole ordeal, I might start on technology items. I mean... lose $50 on a projector if we opened the box and it actually was intact and fine, or lose the entire $500 because we didn't check in the first place. 




 It took me like six months to watch the whole first season, but I finally did when it was put on Netflix. 

Great show, really excited for the new season.  




 Your AM and GM have 50 every month to give out "just because" and then 50 for associate of the month and Safety Bingo points, which can get up to like 175 or something.

So they're obviously not keeping up with it. 

I don't really earn them anymore because I really have no way to, but as a cashier I built up to around 350 and got a bunch of movie tickets, and they were all from my GM.

Start randomly recognizing people for doing a good job. Peer to peer recognitions automatically enter you and the person you recognize into a contest (I won 30 points from one once), and it's kinda fun and might get the ball rolling for your GM and AM to get their shit together with Stars. 

Yeah, it's kind of a stupid program, but it's better than nothing. 




 This old man was just BITCHING about Brother ink and the price of it one day. And I was like "yeah I'm sorry sir, I can check our competitors and see what kind of price match we can do for you". He got all uppity and said "where's the manager? I want to speak to him". I said "I am the manager sir"

His demeanor did like a 180. He got all calm and collected. Like what's the difference, I'm a fellow human, therefore you shouldn't treat me like shit. It doesn't matter what title I have.  









 I still really like Save the Last Dance.  




 19 year old brother - Blow,
22 year old brother - Scarface 




 Identity 




 Two Staples in my district are closing next month. 




 Old people bring in emails to be printed a lot, like "send a money order for $100,000 for the Nigerian Prince, he needs you".

Also had a guy super recently print a 17x23 photo of this young Asian girl. I clicked on one of the other pictures on his flash drive and I guess it was like her cover photo or something because in the bottom right hand corner it said "AsianPrincess.com" or something. He kept saying "all I need to see is her pretty face, you can crop everything else out." And then he came in with a frame for the photo. Super creepy.

And a prostitute made business cards once. Her naked ass was basically the whole card. Classy. 




