 What a joke. Anything not in the US best interest is an act of terrorism. Ignore the covert ops like Bay of Pigs that the US has attempted.  




 This article is nothing but an assumption. You could argue either side... 




 Yes you do.... it contradicts your beliefs. 




 Yup, unfortunately he was just a tad late--Stalin managed to kill over 10 Milian people 




 How would the server know they walked through an object? 




 There she lusted after her lovers, whose genitals were like those of donkeys and whose emission was like that of horses.

Ezekiel 23:20 




 It better learn how to run reds once it is in NYC 




 Ventilation walls. Would be built in place of other walls, and would allow for temperature "leak."

We all know how annoying it is to place a heater in every colonist's room. What this new wall type would do is allow for the heat of one heater to fill all the rooms that have a vent in between them. 




 Nothing.... you just waste 60 mins you could have spent playing a real game 




 Thanks 




 Majority. ... duh 




 Song? 




 Yup... I can agree with that. 




 IMO cut until you are happy with how you look, then bulk until around 15%BF and repeat. 




 No... no it shouldn't.... why would it ask the other team?  




 I think that just giving 10 mins to reconnect would be a life saver....

Computer takes 30 secs to boot up, steam takes 2 minutes to update and stop being a bitch, and the game takes a few seconds to launch.... 3 mins isn't enough time by a long shot. 









 I should have worded that differently. It changes the way that the college will react. 




 It isn't something you should count on.  Cops are paid for court time, so there is really no reason he wouldn't mind showing up. 




 The fact you will be selling them changes everything. IANAL but I am sure it's a copyright infringement. 




 Not entirely legal advice, but I would recommend purchasing a dashcam... would give you solid evidence you weren't in the wrong.
Edit:typos 




 Who's side are you on? Now when the government is making an attempt to stop them from screwing us ovee, we blame the government?  




 A crazy high population.... not exactly wealthy, and an anti meat religion.... yeah I can believe it. 




 It's a strategy and tactic for winning..... why are you complaining? Any player can do it, therefore it is fair... 




 You could drop it down to around .8g per pound. 




 You won't be overtraining. Don't even worry about overtraining tbh. 

As long as you are training different muscle groups each day, there shouldn't be an issue. 




 It's not an issue at all... People should have the right to chose to end their life of they wish to no longer live it.... 
 




 Look around on Craigslist. I'm sure new years resolutioners are selling them right about now. 
 




 Of all the actual problems that exist in the United states, we focus on these nonissue issues... 




 Finally rich enough to wipe my ass with gold. 




 Countries doing something right 




 I like this policy :) 




 If the building didn't implode... It's a lie. 911 is what happens when a plane crashes into a building. 




 Is it actual noticeable fat? It could be water, muscle, or it could be inaccurate calorie counting 




 http://forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php?t=115459391 




 See a doctor? 




 Carbs feed your body energy... 




