 Do you need more sources of people severely injuring themselves in police custody?  




 I see a dark nose.  




 http://fox8.com/2015/03/25/dash-cam-video-intoxicated-mom-screams-kicks-window-after-red-lobster-arrest/

http://www.offendersfamilieshelpline.org/index.php/worries-about-self-harm/ 




 Only if they ram their neck against the van hard enough.  









 Prisoners do this all the time.  Either as a tantrum or to try to pin brutality charges on the cops. 




 http://www.mediaite.com/online/prisoner-in-police-document-freddie-gray-was-banging-against-the-walls/ 









 I don't think people detonating nukes are too worried about the international community. 




 He got pretty cocky! 




 What type of technology would be detrimental to our industry? 




 Hamburger Pimp @ 2:47. 




 With a buttplug?  




 Voice of an angel and moves like Jagermeister.  




 You'll have more strange granny poon than you can shake a dough roller at.  




 Full-on rapist.  




 Cultivating mass. 

http://i.imgur.com/GNyR1.gif 




 UNCLE_TOUCHYS_NAKED_PUZZLE_BASEMENT 




 The curfew applies to them as well as the media.  




 Democrat party  




 What the fuck? 




 Yeah, but it just came out on Amazon instant and not everyone has always had HBO. 




 *It did not go well.* 




 You are not supposed to say that! 




 You sound like a realist! 




 How'd that work out? 




 If you're really serious about your ab workout you'll develop a callus on your forehead.

Allahu Akbar! 




 https://youtu.be/si4fyB3YbDo 




 https://youtu.be/fjkl_2sLBvs 




 What, exactly is a white Hispanic?  




 What a shit pile. I'm ashamed people just go along with whatever the media dictates.  




 Some other news you might find helpful, cats and dogs, while both animals, are different species from each other.

We can continue this learning process together. It doesn't look like you really learned too much in school. 




 Oh, were there peaceful Rodney King protests in South Central I missed that you'll be happy to direct me to?  




 Aaaaaand you're a fucking idiot.  




 Sounds like you really have a thing for all religions (/s) , which I applaud you for(/s) . I disagree. 

I don't see how that relates to race but maybe you can inform me. 




 Man, I can only imagine how fanatical you must get when an atheist criticizes Christianity! Actually, you probably just say "why do you hate black people so much" ? 

Dummy.  




 Probably because you don't realize that Islam is a religion, not a race.  




 Here are some resources I've compiled for you. 

http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Religion+vs+race

Until Islam completes its reformation, which we are currently in the middle of, it will not be a beneficial part of society in general.  




 I hate to rain on your little PC parade but you do realize that religion is something different than race, right?  




 Show me how I'm wrong.  




 Relax and learn not to take yourself so seriously. No one is oppressing you.  




 Joke about hipsters and must be a racist. 

That is about the most hipstery thing you could say.  




 Me thinks he doth protest too much. With weed and drums and face painting. Lots of protesting. 




 We've located the hipster.  




 Nsuchlak 




 Oklahoma shirt in the first pic.  Second pic is not LA.  I should have specified peaceful LA protests.  How do I know that these Oklahomans and non-LA people were protesting the Rodney King verdict anyway? 




 That's why it's better to let them enrich their own neighborhoods.  




 I'd love to see pictures of those "peaceful" Rodney King protests.  




 Islam is a plague on society.  




 Holy shit.  [Apparently not.](http://www.latino-review.com/news/exclusive-sonys-now-working-on-an-aunt-may-movie) 




 I hear they make anti-perspirants these days. 




 Not only that.  I can't name a single one. 




 "she's very sweet she loves to give kisses just stick your tongue in your mouth if you let her"

"it's not her fault for the family situation for the sickness and health problem"

Wut? 




 My mistake.  When I think of relevant celebrity I think of Bruce Jenner. 




 Ask him if you can borrow the stick when he's done. 




 He wants you to join his cult. 




 No complaints here. 




 Keep at it!  




 So what happened when you reported him? 




 She's interested. 




 You should ask him out! 




 Also, there are no women to look at while they work out there. 




 Uh, keep up the loses actually. 




 News, yes.  3-hour special... fuck no.  And is he REALLY still a major public figure?  Really?  Not since the 70's has he really been a MAJOR public figure.  Appearing on the E network because of who your daughter fucked doesn't count. 




 Because he hasn't had to. 














 Also very rapey!  




 Sheep shimulator.  




 Pretty old-fashioned, huh?  




 Irish American here. Only 328 days until St. Pat's Day!  




 This guy gets it.  




 It's not a rooma.  




 That would be a great name for an app that enabled hunky bears to track down and rape resistant twinks. 




 Yes.  I see  no hint of sarcasm here.

Your own party leader made up lies about Romney's taxes and justified it by saying that he didn't win the election.  These 4 claims can actually be proven through research.
 









 [This guy.](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/apr/22/luis-gutierrez-proposes-law-to-replace-jackson-on-/) 




 Woundr  









  Also, predicting the future is hard.

Not to worry.  Giving more money to your political heroes will fix global warming.  Or else we KNOW we'll all die.
 



















 I just rooted using this method.  I'm with Sprint.  Do you know of a wifi tether app that actually works for rooted LG G3s? 




 Lubbock, TX.  Rains mud. 




 I posted this for liberals to read.  









 Ya gotta stop the fucking in the halls somehow.  




 Recommendations?  




 Gimme mah trenta frappucino with extry butter!! And I'll have a coke zero.  




 But all that sweet masturbation time...  




 There is no greater heart quickening rush then opening the door just a slit and spraying that 30 yard shot of wasp killer at the nest and then quickly closing that door. 




 Petroleum landman here. No jobs means plenty of masturbation time.  




 He's a pimp.  




 You think a pimp would do that?  Just make something up about a white teenager?... I dooooooo.  




 Aaaaaand that's why I didn't go into the medical field.  




 Drugs are really exciting! 




 Wasn 't that what Obama was supposed to be? 




 So, Iran is the dinosaurs?  




 Listen all a y'all, it's a sabotage!  




 That's it. I'm ordering the shittiest DJ possible for when I kick it.  




 http://bit.ly/1FXhrDa 




 Ariana's 20.. 




 Well, I'm off to the gym this morning to go get insecure.  




 Or inject into your dick!  




 You seem less than enthusiastic about your choices.  









 Evil sexy? 




 I just upgraded to lollipop on Sprint.  How do I get wifi tethering to work? 




 Why would anyone want to do that? 




 This is sufficiently disturbing. 









 If the most you know about the contents of the Constitution is that it was written by Herbie Hancock 4 scores and 7 years ago and you'd rather be at home watching the latest Kardashian episode, then I would rather you weren't forced at gunpoint to your local polling station. PLEASE, by all means stay home and enjoy your chicken bucket. 




 Why?  That's a counter-productive lost cause. 




 Actually, no corporations pay taxes.  They wrap up the cost of the tax into their product or service and pass it along to the consumer.  When we tax those who sell us stuff the consumer pays it on the back end. 




 What about the teachers?  









 That's far enough with the tampon, Bob!  Are you trying to hammer it through my pancreas? 









 Enough to click AND comment!  









 They're GRRRRREEEAT!  




