 Turn off the gas!


 




 Probably for the greater good anyways... 




 Is shitloris more appetizing? 




 Tbh liking lady gaga is pretty gay


 . 




 You can get in my bussy in the meantime 




 http://i.imgur.com/SNKZALo.jpg


Follow the numbers.  




 \hurt the economy


What? 




 I'd still hit it 




 GO TO THE DR 




 6ft 3 master race reporting in 




 It is Pierce Brosnan 




 Bernie's campaign will do more for the poor than any fundametalist run food banks or homeless shelters would.  




 Not a classic at all. Piece of crap movie  




 Repost:  https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/27l999/til_gaslighting_is_a_form_of_emotional_abuse/?ref=search_posts 




 Is it game of thrones? 




 \The geomorphology of the Gambia is dominated by the Gambia River. The River Gambia divides the country into two strips of land no wider than 30 km. 














 Get a small set of solar panels and electric backup.  




 But things are different this time and ruissia's small economy and shrinking populace are super dangerous!  /s 




 Cloudy with a chance of meatballs.  














 FUCK RHETT 




 Elves are racist assholes who think they own everything 




 I kept the faith!  I don't know how people can't belive or see the truth.  









 \this is my country


\my grandparents immigrated here 




 Cats are disgusting. You have no right to kill native wildlife so your cats can kill songbirds with impunity.  









 Some libraries have tapes that you could copy with relative ease.  




 200 million if you include L2 



















 The protein power probably still has a good ampunt of carbs.... 









 The insert or closeup in the northeast of the map is sitting on top of it. 

It sort of covers up most of the body of water north of Baku.  









 Dat intelligent Costa Rica policy 




 In America? 




 EV is a joke and is far from a consistant or formidable force on the battlefield 









 Because literally everything is comperable and Putin=Hitler. 

Right... 




 Nothing says EU candidate country either like trying to kill a democratically elected President just because you don't like election results.  




 I know he used to be popular last round of the conflict with Gaza, but since when did he become a journalist for RT?

 




 As a customer, don't gouge plain iced coffee. I don't see why a large black coffee is like 3 dollars at a coffee shop and iced is like 5.  

















































 \implying they have internet 









 Monentizing debt to pay for it is very dangerous  









 It has been an abusive relationship.  




 If Senator Sanders is giving the speech you know it will be good.  


































 A.S. lmao 









 Chile/Uruguay/Argentina/Thailand/Costa Rica are all awesome options. Even Indonesia is quite relaxed and inexpensive. Or hell, even Portugal/Spain are cheap and have easy languages plus they are affordable 




 Yup. It is your benefit. Even if you are in mexico/costa rica 




 Please make sure you have a diet for your birth other than sunflower seeds. You should be feeding your bird a store bought mix or something. 


Millet should only be like a once a week thing. Or like 10 percent of their diet max 














 Typical 









 Where was he putting his money?  In theory drawing nearly 200k/yr he should be quite wealthy saving anything at all.   




 No offense but just find a loose girl  









 And was the best president in history! 




 You should be able to see it on youtube 
























 Bernie is speaking!  Senator Bernie Sanders! 




 Kendrick lamar!  Bernie! 




 Socialism is fucking awesome. Just look at sweden, denmark, and France.  




 I cried the whole time watching the speech 




 Yglesias is a neoliberal. Watch out.  









 What is best for the campaign is what is best for vermont, the United States, and for the globe. 


#feelthebern 





























 Maybe Jody Foster? 




 A small minority.  


America's presence in europe is a net negative 




 The jobs in the dod are destructive.  




 I hate that we aren't more sweden like

America kinda sucks these days... 




 Iraq. We will criticise her where she is wrong. 

She is a subpar choice in comparison to the good Senator from the State of Vermont 




 Agreed. We need to do what bernie wants and what is best for the campaign 




 Why? 




 My body my choice 




 HOW BOUT THEM GAY PEOPLE! 




 Dui 




 Wearing diapers, increasingly confused 




 The AP 1000 is very earthquake safe. Hurricanes have relatively little impact, and if it was like at an elevation 100 feet above sea level a tsunami would be of very little risk. Florida has lots of nuclear plants that have hurricanes taken into account. A single nuclear reactor would be a great long term solution to the island's energy costs.  




 This is income discrimination 




 Louisiana republican here, fuck jindal 




 Gov Long 2.0 




 Do you know anything about croatian citizenship law? 




 Sohr is a propagandist outfit of Jahbat al nusra 




 Hezbollah aint ghandi, but I'll sleep easier knowing JAN is losing. 

Best of luck and stay safe.  




 Le gusta mucho? 




 I would give you my phD 




 Putting the in back in interning 




 Soy de miami ese 









 Insidehighered is a sjw circlejerk 














 That is good. Agreed 




 I know greedy gen X ers who didn't save and had the gall to say the economy was bad when they lived through those times of good wages and high employment.  




 I would buy a beater and continue to invest/save for a selt driving car if that is what he really wants.  




 http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-aeSd7vb5Jj4/Uwvxd5jVnZI/AAAAAAAACMA/zmIslYy1YU4/s1600/civilians_225.gif 




 I am 1 twelve and what is this 




 Will they in october though? 




 This map excludes a lot of areas as well. Not kidding/trolling, but there are many other non contiguous pockets of kurdish inhabited land 




 Yeah the war and all is something they really lack the money for. People don't understand how bad the poverty/hiv is over there 




 And what about south sudan? 




 That statement is tautological. "x is good as long as it is good". 

Many states have recessions or slowdowns and then the payments can grow relative to the economy, or other problems. Carrying a large debt load as a nation is far from an always beneficial policy 




 People just circlejerk the debt is a good thing narrative. 


People take Krugman to an extreme and then suggest that interest rates are low and that it is foolish not to outbuild a lot of infrastructure now. It just seems historically that state debt is something to take seriously, and that it isn't sort of assured long term gain.  




 Someone overlay this with the french/german populated regions of Switzerland. It seems like a direct match 




 Pls trade semen for euros. 

Pls.  




 Maybe PR will learn to make payments on time then. 


The minimum wage should be lower in PR than the US, the jones act should be repealed or exempted for PR and Hawaii, but the federap benefits should probably be tied to price levels in your region. I donct see how that is inhumane.  




 Wind/solar/nukes. I think a few of the smaller islands in the Caribbean got some sort of monies to convert to more cost competitive sources of energy. 

Maybe in St Kitts, somewhere around there 




 Puerto Rico is more poor and more dependant on social benefits than Mississippi.  




 The jones act is stupid and protectionist, but it is even more impacting on Hawaii, so it is kind of fallacious to say it is a colonial law 




 Deflation would be awesome.  




 The beef! 




 Even things like mcds have grown massively. Almost all of the stuff at mcdonalds was dollar menu sized when it came out, people moved more, and they ate out less as well 




 \NSV:arrested for traveling under a passport suspected of being counterfeit 




 Patana rafiki. 

You donct speak a language if you have survival skills enough to ask how are you and the my name is stuff. You can't speak in a language at that rate, but you only know the basics of it. 

Memorizing a dialog or two off of a pimsleur tape isn't a giant feat worthy of ted talks. I don't get the hype. 


In some ways this dabbling hyperglottism is less impressive than someone actually learning one or two languages to a high level.  




 Maybe your forehead is just underdeveloped brah? 




 That boy aint right 




 If you compare to forward thinking countries like sweden, he is totally a centrist.  









 \I have mastered the Cairns dialect, the NSW Dialect, the language of Sydney, and the regional language of Cannaberra 




 I am just keeping cash till they have a financial crisis and I put my money in.  




 Bernie Sanders is an independent centrist anyways 




 Disagree.  




 No I mean I don't see people as black or white. 

We're all human.  




 I would say read the books in the sidebar, don't get a bunch of dumb debts during school, and don't dabble in the stockmarket in an unwise way (ie I read a book or two on the market, I'm goinng to put every paycheck towards tesla). 

Even just saying afloat and saving a little during college are huge successes.  




 You gotta buy low sell high. Eventually all of california will be gentrified and Oakland will be filled with loft apartments and gluten free cupcake factories.  




 No dont... 


...-bisexual -random- my -names 




 FFS we had a glut of physics phd students after the space race. 

People like to talk shit on the humanities, but pharmacists and biochemistry phd students are not at all dissimilar 




 I hope some get burned badly and lose a bunch of trade secrets. 


Cutting corners is awesome till you lose the company.  




 Facebook.  Facebook. Facebook.  




 Demographically europe is a mess too. Eventually having less and less people can't be compensated for by productivity gains.  




 Nothing says credibility among middle class consumers like stuffing a bunch of gourmand San Francisco dwellers with chacuterie on top of a building only for rich people.  




 My friends and family say the same of hattiesburg 




 Bring the kids too! 




 SEAT-GATE 




 Agreed. It wouldn't surprise me to see 10-15k with the way the movement is growing so quicky.  




 Please don't excuse the wealth gap and the massive hierarchies in our society 




 Why would investment from latin america be bad?  I know more broad investment would be good, just wondering 




 Where are any african languages?  Ffs they don't even have swahili on here from what I can see.  




 That jewish kid from nyc speaks really bad swahili. The one who did the ted talk?


I know everyone has different goals, but staying in one tense and a script in 10 languages is an oddity, but nowhere speaking "x languages".  




 Gay rights, locally produced food, no large corporations, mostly small business, tight family structures, almost everything they eat is organic 

Women and men have similar job outcomes, not like the wage gap in the US or europe. 


Face it, the DRC is basically as progressive as any city in the globe. I would say it is more forward leaning than San Francisco, which voted as a state to ban gay marriage less than a decade ago.  




 We did it reddit! 




 Mandarin (Chinese) 


































 Give me a hippaa release and I'll take you up in it.  




 \He is just some eastern european prince going on a parade. Who wants to see that old geezer?


\Who cares if some populists get elected to the reichstag?  The two party system is destroying germany




You never know bro 




 \people selling god. 


What a profound typo 




 Be sure to rsvp! 




 Land Management did nothing wrong! 




 If someone tried that on me while I was in a car it wouldn't be pretty. This shit is terrible. 


People don't realize the seriousness of how bad these events are.  




 Remember how fat makes you fat?

.... 




 /r/thathappened 




 Imagine the butthurt if this gets overturned.  




 It sounds like you need another vaccinatiom 




 He has a nice coat too 




 These days there are less sort of flophouses and unspecialized work. 

Like, these days you can't easily sublet a room by the week and work at a cafe.  




 I mean any situation has risk. I would just rather find a grad student or professional and double up and have more cashflow and less expenses. Obviously renting with strangers has more potential for clashing with them.  




 Even a lot of the formerly good second tier cities are appreciating too much to make them a good value. Chattanooga used to be awesome price wise but now the downtown has risen in price dramatically. The rust belt is still a good choice if you are in certain industries where you can have the best of both worlds.  




 Do what you have to do to survive. How many beds/baths is your place?  

I plan on either buying one of the few "entry" level homes for 130k and living in one bedroom while I rent the other. 

I am realizing more and more that people in general have to roll with the economic times and hustle to get by, and I am totally willing to do that. 
If you and your wife life in a relatively large home/condo, getting a roomie may be a wise move. Even in a year or two you will have saved a bunch of cash without more hours at work.  




 Exactly. Even if you get one and it appreciates, unless you get a bunch of roomies and charge through the nose in rent, the taxes/HOA will eat you alive. Unless you sell, in which case you no longer have somewhere to live. 

But you might make a handsome profit.  




 One word. 

Bernie Sanders for President.  




 And consider that they may never be able to buy into the market like boomers did. People in nyc/sf/portland where the prices may grow 3/4 percent yearly mean that their income, even high ranking nationally, may not keep pace with prices.  A lot of people in these cities bought decades ago when homes were relatively inexpensive in comparison to income.  




 It is like any big industry. Buy up all the market and make the rules so nobody can enter the market and raise barriers to entry. 

Blackrock did the same on a national scale, buying up massses of rental properties. 


Zoning is what makes people have to buy and rent subpar units. Otherwise there would be more stock available.  




