 Was there ever any consequences for them shooting that plane down? It kinda just disappeared from the news over time 




 Oh got it. I'll keep that in mind for next time! 




 I like my sauce! Haha to each their own though 




 I'm going to give this a shot tonight 




 It was my first time cooking duck, wasn't aware I was supposed to score the skin. Does scoring provide any benefits other than aesthetics?  




 We first baked two potatoes, then cut one in half and scraped out all but 1/4" of it. We completely scraped out the other potato. The potatoes were then blended with cream cheese, butter, brown sugar, salt, pepper, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and cayenne. This mixture was then pipetted back into the first potato skin that we cut in half and then baked for 15 mins. Turned out great! 




 100% recommend 




 Mmm sounds delicious  




 What else could I use it for?  




 We first baked two potatoes, then cut one in half and scraped out all but 1/4" of it. We completely scraped out the other potato. The potatoes were then blended with cream cheese, butter, brown sugar, salt, pepper, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and cayenne. This mixture was then pipetted back into the first potato skin that we cut in half and then baked for 15 mins. Turned out great! 




 It was actually my first time making duck! But for steak the sous vide provides an even medium rare with no overcooked exterior. The meat comes out super tender all the way through when on the skillet it sometimes comes out a little tough  




 It turned out great! So juicy and tender throughout. Thanks! 




 I posted the step-by-step album in /r/food if anyone is interested.

http://imgur.com/a/GTe1C  



















 Except you can still get a DUI on a bicycle... 




 What about its paws though? I can barely hold ice in my hands for more than a few seconds  




 Brushing my teeth in the shower! 




 So your wife just took your kid and left while you in the hospital?  




 I used to work at a car museum that housed many F1 cars. The curator told me they could drive upside down at 100mph 




 What warnings were they given? 




 "Crouching tiger hidden bastard"  




 I couldn't believe that house was only listed at $2.5 million...  




 That was the worst story I ever read 




 Does the bill grow back? 




 I currently work for the State of California. Although I am eligible for loan forgiveness if I keep working here for 10 years, I would have to choose an income-based repayment plan. The problem here is that with the income-based repayment plan I will have my $40,000 loan paid off in 7 years... Meaning that I never get to take advantage of the loan forgiveness at all :( 




 You're not alone 




