 The hardest I've cried since I was a child was two weeks ago when I learned my best friend, the first person I met in college, took his own life. He went back to his hometown one night to go to a dentist appointment the next morning and never came back. When I texted him the next day his brother called me and said he saw I texted Anthony's phone and that I deserved to know what happened. Turns out his mom came home that morning to find him crying in the shed with a gun in his mouth. After she tried to pull the gun away, he put the gun in his mouth and pulled the trigger. I don't even want to be at this college anymore, the only person I spent time with is gone. 




 Threw a kitchen knife modern warfare 2 style and it bounced back off the wall, hitting me in the eyeball with the plastic handle end.  




 How could Dexter spend 8 seasons becoming more human, connecting to his son only to leave him with a different murderer? And do you think Deb shooting you at the end of season 7 would have been a more bittersweet ending?  




 Hey Michael! 

I've read that many of the scenes from Dexter had little improvisations you put into them, were there any memorable instances where the directors told you you went too far with yourself and crossed the line between Dexter and you? 

Also are John Lithgow's eyes less creepy in person? 




 That's the earth's thruster, it'll push us off course if you light it too early! 




 I've had bad whiskey before, should I call someone? 




 But if you mess up once it breaks! 




 Hey man don't knock it 




 Am from iowa, can claim 









 Tan Ashley Tisdale 




 But this post is indeed about ferguson 




 Dem layers  




 Those are indeed spoilerS 




 I've always imagined closed-off hollow mushrooms like this would hold some type of hallucigenic air inside  




 Trale Lewous, or trailer louse  




 My best friend shot himself in the head in front of his own mother this morning 









 Acura Ebola sounds like an Italian person saying I cure Ebola  




 My hypothesis was that they all lived in the dorm's basement, but the temperate drop caused the humidity to disappear. Then they crawled up through the pipes to get to warmer territory. 




 I actually know the answer to this! Their wings are the shape of a human ear when fully extended. 




 During high school I took them every night for a couple of years to counter the ADHD meds I was on. They work because they make you want to be tired, they feel like natural sleep is on its way if you lay down and relax. When I got to uni I stopped taking adderall except for special occasions so I stopped taking melatonin every night, and I can still sleep and I can nap like a fuckin' champ too. No insomnia my friend. 




 Hehehe there's a dick on your dog's forehead  









 Read curry 3  




 Way ahead of you 









 If something like this did wash up to natives hundreds of years ago, white people wouldn't believe the stories anyway 









 Who? 




 Take to the seas! 









 Literally  




 Exit Through the Gift Shop- A film edited and directed by Banksy about street artists. We watched this in our journalism class to prove how much a director's opinion can change the sense of a movie.  




 Princess mononoke ninetails 




 But just remember if you ever wanted store bought weed, the furthest possible state from you now legalized it.  




 3 




 My sister is the baby in the ultra sound, 19 year difference in ages 




 No,,,,, my sister is in the womb. My dad married a 25 year old. 









 I meant to mention in my post that whether it's true that fapping has anything to do with testosterone, I've placebo'ed myself into the position I'm in now. And I love it and hate it.  




 Absolutely, the benefits are fantastic. Usually. I don't want to sound like one of "those people" but working out, even at all, will help you let that energy out and sleep much better, I promise :) 




 Why didn't Helen Keller scream when she fell off the cliff? She was wearing mittens. 




 I've been on easy mode for a about 2 months now, and I'm going to have to switch to hard mode. The super powers are real, and I've known for a few years but I seem to forget until after going over a week without an orgasm. I don't know about you guys, but I've known about the super powers for about 4 years now, ever since I saw one picture that said not orgasming for a week can double your testosterone levels. It's as if reading that picture made that a real fact. I've tried telling people about how horrible and weak I feel the days after fapping, and they've told me they fap with no such feelings. So whether this feeling we get after fapping is real or just made in our heads, one thing is for sure. The super powers are more than real. Orgasming in general has begun to make me feel weak, and casual sex with girls I'm not into is beginning to lose its thrill because I know how weak it'll make me feel. I'd rather go a week without an orgasm and lose my social anxiety altogether rather than have one night flings every week. Right now, right now is the first time I've hit the week mark without an orgasm, even if I haven't fapped in 2 months. And this is the first time I've felt the powers of testosterone. I hope this helps you fapstronauts who aren't feeling the super powers yet but haven't switched to hard mode, it's worth it. 




 All I had to do for karma was take a picture of my zune.  




 Fuckin hate yahoos  




 Then who was phone? 




 I'm going to need that back 




 Hey I think you might want to turn your belt upside down 




 If someone could link me to the iTunes version of this app that would be grand 









