 I remember that the lady you give those things to also says something like "will you give me cancer?" when you talk to her.

I will finish you someday, FF9! 




 Yep, [the guy whom the TC didn't even credit.](http://capybarasthatlooklikerafaelnadal.tumblr.com/) 




  is usually enough to make people re-evaluate and jump down the rabbit hole

Exactly what happened to me, I had only ever listed to The Piano Has Been Drinking and didn't really care for it. Now I'm listening to Closing Time and it's pretty great. It's free on Amazon Prime Music, for anyone who wants to listen. 




 Paul McCartney was swarmed by these things when he was in Brazil.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68T_XeFS_08

He's a braver man than I am.
 




 Firefox also gives me the "This Connection is Untrusted" message. Weird.  




 The user you just linked to is a different one, the one in this thread has an uppercase i as his L, which makes it less impressive. 




  since even with his newest system it's relatively slow compared to speaking

That's an understatement, he can type one word per minute with his current system ([source](http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn21323-the-man-who-saves-stephen-hawkings-voice.html#.U586J7GJR5Y)) 




  if he had no texting in middle school then he's probably at least 30.

25 here, can't remember anyone who even had a cellphone in middle school.  




 I got my private pilot's license after years of playing flight sim. It definitely helped me feel comfortable in the cockpit, as I was already familiar with most of the instruments, knew a good deal of the terminology used by pilots, and even knew the basics of traffic patterns and such. Actually flying the plane was more of a learning experience, you just don't have the same feedback from the controls in the sim. The yoke doesn't get yanked to the side in a gust of wind or get really heavy during landing in sims. But still, I can say that even in that aspect the sims definitely helped me prepare. 




 Euros *per kilogram*. So you can safely be damn sure. 




 I read it as "not cican" so I put that into Google to see if it was a reference to something and it said "Did you mean: not clean?" Google is getting too smart.
 




