 Video made me cringe too hard. Did he actually say that?  




 You shut your whore mouth. /u/da_fuhje is an artist.   




 You're pretty talented at photoshop, so was really hoping this was OC. So... slightly disappointing. Do you ever post your own stuff? I have no issue with what you do, but on a personal note there's no better feeling than having your own original content make the front page. Maybe give it a try? 




 Got all excited to see what he did for my country of Bermuda.

Nope. Fucker forgot us. 









 [Every time I see one of your comments.](http://i.imgur.com/NQHKSVE.gif) 




 "The more I know about people, the better I like my dog." 




  "Please don't kill butts. In the US, the overwhelming majority of species are non-thundering and completely harmless. Even the ones that do thunder usually aren't aggressive..."

Cloud to butt extension changes this massively... 




 YOU ARE A BLINKING, SENSELESS CALF, LOVED BY NO ONE EXCEPT THE DROOLING BEAST THAT BROUGHT YOU INTO THIS WORLD. COME AT ME, BRO 




 This is the founder of Black Jaguar White Tiger, a big cat rescue foundation. He just fucks around with awesome beasties all day. (I'm sure there's other less glamorous work he does, but that's what I'm telling myself.) 




 Appears so.  




 All I know about Filipinos is that they fuck up every time one replaces my toilet paper. THE END FACES FORWARD, MARTA 




 [Source](https://www.reddit.com/r/Portland/comments/3bckcf/at_a_church_on_se_92nd_when_i_inquired_i_was_told/) 














 This right here is why I fucking love this site. 




 ellipseseses* 




 DOOT DOOT 









 "Those who say a thing can't be done are quite apt to be interrupted by some idiot doing it." 




 You were dead serious about that corgi puppy eh? 




 I actually posted a while in the Bernie Sanders sub asking why more Americans don't just fund candidates online like kickstarter campaigns. Got downvoted to hell and told a million different ways it wouldn't work.

And now I see that's exactly what's gone and been done.

I like Bernie, but some of his supporters are goddamn morons. 




  Some people have life goals, I just want a god damned puppy.

Well I just found the quote that's going on my tombstone.  




 Sorry I couldn't provide more detail. I have a book by the photographer who tells that story, just cant be bothered to go find the proper quote. 




 What IS the goal? Or are you one of those "it's not the destination, it's the adventure" guys... 




 Is your goal to get the most karma on reddit or something? 




 You forgot to mention that they're all on fire 




 The Station fire shook me to my core. It's so hard not to imagine yourself being in that position... 




 WOW that's dumb. I've been using corn starch to "breath fire" since I was 12. How do people not know that it's flammable as fuck???? 




 From what I can tell this is basically just rugby, soccer, and MMA all rolled into one.

Booking my trip NOW 




 See the guy between Ali's legs? He was Sports Illustrated's top photographer at the time. The man who took this picture was new on the job, and would have been in the same spot, which was considered the best angle. He was told to go find his own spot on the ring. He did, and he got this picture. 




 No, it was totally because of his weight. Sleep apnea I think? 




 Not sure if there's a word for it, but my family does this all the time. My mom has started telling some of my stories like she was actually there. 




 Not in the slightest. There are far more extreme wings of the conservative party. That's not bias, that's a simple observation.  




 Compare it to the NYT, America's paper of record and a proven government mouthpiece... At least their bias is obvious. 




 Deadly groove: check.

Soulful white guy: check.

Hand spasms: check.

Joe Cocker 2 confirmed.  




 Except their morons are conservative morons, which are just like liberal morons but with an added dash of insanity.  




 I'm well aware of what they do and how they do it. I've been a journalist for ten years and have worked with them and CNN affiliates. My point is that their "news" is no different to other tv news channels in America. They're all inherently biased because they are all privately owned.  




 Exactly what I was thinking. What I hate about racing sims is not being able to quickly glance around. Oculus would do that perfectly  




 Did... did you ask him to read you a bedtime story? Because I would've asked for a bedtime story. 




 That's precisely what I mean. 




 Which is why I said they're no different to any other TV news station in America. MSNBC and CNN are just as guilty of that as Fox is. 




 Al Jazeera is one of the most respected news organizations in the world 




 That's exactly what I was saying. They give airtime to morons. Their actual reporters are sound. 




 Every time this comes up I defend Fox News and get downvoted to oblivion. It's their TALKING HEADS that are fucking retarded. Their news coverage is no different from any other TV news station in America. 




 TBH he probably stole it from another writer (I want to say Stephen King?) who used it as an example on how to create interesting short stories. The only difference to the short story example and the Purge is that in the short story idea, people were allowed to commit any crime as long as they compensated those who they committed the crime against. 




 Real life Cooper reporting in. My mom's friends called me Cooper Cooper, because her maiden name was Cooper, which then became my middle name. 




 I had a character with the exact same name in one of my AP English short stories. C'mon Nolan. 




 I think it might just come down to driver preference.  




 *oooooooo - eeeeeeeeeeeee  - hehehehehehehehe - oooo^O^^O^^^O^^^^oooooooooooooooooooo* 




 I literally just slapped my knee. 




 Doot doot 




 what's this from? 




 Went to school with his nephew actually. He got HEATED whenever you brought that video up hahaha 




 I work with one other full time employee publishing a magazine I can barely get out four times a year, and running a website. So not exactly six figures, although our office IS air conditioned. We run sponsored stories on that website because our audience demands they have free access to our content and advertisers have gotten wise to the fact that slapping a banner ad on a website isn't good business. And yet we get criticized for "duping" the customer.

I certainly don't like Bungie's model either, but I'm not going to criticize it just because they're making money in different ways to their competitors. If the market is willing to purchase those kinds of games, more power to Bungie. Consumers are morons. But I won't be buying it. Nor will you. Hopefully that sentiment is shared across the market and we can disincentivise game dev's from this brand of business. And if it all goes tits up, you can sit calmly on your high horse and say "I told you so." 




  The best product on the lowest possible budget. This is basic business.

You're not including deadlines, which play probably the most critical role. An indie dev team with a small budget and no deadline can spend as long as they want on a game. But if something goes wrong for a team working on a deadline, you have to sink more money into fixing that problem in order to meet the mark, putting you over budget.

 ...the rest of the industry has been able to finance their games without selling missions bundled with soft drinks, Bungie should be no exception.

Sounds pretty communist to me. A company finding an alternate source of revenue untapped by their competitors is unfair????

The bottom line of Bungie is not at hand here, the budget allocated to the game is. You don't know what that budget was, nor whether they were able to deliver the product within that given budget. If shit hit the fan, as I mentioned above, that could force the budget to skyrocket in order for them to meet their deadline. Bungie creates value for itself by creating video games, but they can't do that at a loss.

 This is not advertising.

You're definition of advertising is incredibly narrow. Perhaps the best word is "marketing". This is Red Bull. The way they go about marketing is radically different to everyone else. Other energy drinks would slap a COD logo on the can, certainly, but that is not and has never been Red Bull's strategy. Instead of slapping their logo on an F1 car, they created an F1 team. Instead of slapping Destiny's logo on their cans, they have exclusive content. It's pretty genius IMO.

 That's greedy

Is this communist Russia? This isn't communist Russia, is it?  




 So because other developers have done really cool stuff with a tiny budget, other developers should do that too? That doesn't make much sense, but ok. And how do you know it's not about funding the game? Can you provide a source for that, or are you just guessing because it looks like they're money grubbing whores?

If it wasn't for advertising, my industry would be dead because the money we make selling our product is JUST enough for us to make a new product every four months. That pain is shared by a LOT of others. 




 yeah, fuck those guys for finding additional funding for their game 




 You're a champ 




 Bada-buh-ba-bah.... 




 Take your filthy upvote and get out 




 You should try pronouncing Southwark, or Gloucester correctly. The British pronounce things different to Americans, strange as it might seem  




 I'm sure more clever people than I have already figured this out. But it was satisfying as hell when I put two and two together.  




 Inb4 people get their knickers in a twist. I have nothing against karmawhoring, reposting, x-posting, etc. Just thought I should say... 














 Have you sought counseling? My ex was a rape victim and had the opposite reaction to you, she felt disgusting during sex, like she was debasing herself. We went to therapy together and that helped her discuss and synthesize her feelings, which lead to a much more fulfilling sex life. More than anything the therapy just allowed her to talk about what she was feeling, and hear herself saying it, rather than bottling it all up in her head.  




 Thank you for your service  




 The small sail at the front of a sailboat  




 Best one yet. 




 It is. You can judge age pretty well by the dorsal and this one is very small 




  Still got dick

I like the cut of your jib 




 Come on down to Bermuda. Our wood is fantastic 




 I've tried this at least a dozen times. Never worked. You're like an anal loving unicorn...  




 So... how much damage was there? 




 Recently learned my ex first slept with me because I had the balls to tell her I didn't think child support should be mandatory. The thing is, I don't even really believe that. Neither does she. I think I just said it to be cool and contradictory, and it totally worked. 









 Jolly good, old horse.

***blows***

I say! This could knock out a caribou! CARIBOUUUUUU. Lovely woody word, wouldn't you say old beast? 




 So, is the headline being intentionally dumb by calling rioters "peaceful protesters"? Literally the first line of the story calls them violent protesters. Aka rioters. 




 Youuuuu lucky ducks you 




 Come visit Bermuda. Luscious man-calf abound! 




 One of my best friends is Christian. I can never argue about the negatives of religion with him because he's grown up in a house that embodies every positive aspect. His mother is a goddamn saint. Church every Sunday, constant community outreach, food drives etc. Grew up with him and his mom my entire life and she's never once mentioned God besides when they have grace at dinner. 

Point being, for many, religion is just a vessel in which valuable, noble traits can be delivered and instilled. If living a life like my friend's mom has lived is done in order to get into heaven, why worry? 




 Wow this sub is such a circle jerk. 




 I think Zouma is a captain in waiting. He's been referred to as France's future captain, so I see no reason why he can't eventually be ours. I fucking love the kid.

On another note, I'll be sad to see Mikel go but he could really lock down another team's midfield, and his talents are wasted on the bench. If Schneiderlin leaves Soton, I think he'd make for a great replacement. Obviously not in terms of playmaking, but I've always rated him for his ability to shut down a midfield. He's a beast, and I'd love to see him do well on another team with regular starts. 




 It goes to show you how fickle Hollywood can be though. Here's a girl that has been stunning in every film she's been in since Leon, and yet three shitty but high grossing films nearly derailed her career. 




 Yeah, I misremembered the article I read. It was Cold Mountain that gave her career new life. Linked to the article in my original comment. 









 The films nearly ruined Portman's career, lest we forget. She had faded into obscurity until ~~Black Swan~~ Cold Mountain, and the only reason she got that role was through a lot of connections going to bat for her. Everyone in Hollywood had written her off directly because of Star Wars.

EDIT: Cold Mountain, not Black Swan.

Source: http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/films/news/natalie-portman-blames-star-wars-prequels-for-almost-ruining-her-career-everyone-thought-i-was-a-horrible-actress-9933636.html 




 Asking the important questions 




 50 Shades of Shit did it first

"Aro laughed. 'Hahaha', he giggled." 




 No, that's correct. I was 16 when I first started smoking. *High* school. 




 Being a journalist is basically just having good Google-fu and knowing how proper sentence structure works... and interviews... and the stomach to transcribe hour long interviews. But mostly Google-fu. 




 DING DING ^^^shame 




 Let's play Spot The Reason OP Is An Idiot!

Fuck my life. 









 You'd have to be a pretty shitty seamstress not to account for movement...  




 As a journalist, this interviewer is fucking slobbering all over Pao and it's making me sick. Don't hide your bias or anything... 




 You have to agree to share, first off. I live in Bermuda and have a dock. There's a couple that lives on a houseboat in the bay and they use it without permission all the time. I was actually on it flying my friend's drone around and they just walked past me and loaded up their dinghy like it was nothing. I told them it was a private dock, and that they could use it this one time. They've since teared the ass out of it and are using it all the time, disrupting the guests that pay $600 per night for our vacation rental cottage. I've spoken to them at least a dozen times about it and yet they continue to use it, leaving bags of doritos, beer bottles, etc floating in the mangroves by my slip. I've since called the police, had them charged for mooring without a license and trespassing.

In other words, don't use people's shit without their permission. And if you give a moose a muffin, he'll ask you for some milk. Far better to lay down the law and not let people use your shit. 




 This could pretty much apply to everything I do in life. 




 Bro. I'm so fucking altitudinous right now. 




 I KNEW THAT! One of the few things I remember from science class. No idea why the name Bernoulli stuck, but it did. 




 I... I dont remember installing the cloud to butt extension... 




 I think Dos Equis has its new spokesman.  




 *midly 




 My thoughts exactly 




