 This, with the video in the background of every webpage.

http://postarchives.entensity.net/040805/flash.php?flash=banana.swf 




 Almost crashed my car several times with others in it, not through my own fault luckily, but close calls nonetheless.

Once accidentally smashed a lightbulb over my friends head.

And almost killed myself three times, once touching a live wire attached to a TV set, once by pulling a full paint can down onto my head from on top of a tall book case, and lastly by falling out of the top of a tree. Believe it or not, it was hitting the branches on the way down that saved me, and stopped me from actually getting any more serious injury than a few bruises! 




 - Slenderman is a great fun game to muck about with with a friend or friends.
- You could try some of the resident evil games (even if only one can control, it's fun to work as a team and try to work through the puzzles, just take turns with the controller) 




 With money, obviously. What led you to do so? 




 If you're flying, the engines are meant to make that noise, the whole thing is meant to tremble a little, some shaking from turbulence is perfectly normal, and if your ears feel funny, you can pop them by yawning or sucking sweets. 




 Eragon; I'd SO want to be a dragon rider, especially with a partner dragon as awesome and badass as Saphira 




 I try to get it published!

I've got two short stories already out and published in anthologies, got another one coming out in an anthology sometime this year (date not confirmed yet).

I'm always writing new stories and submitting them to anthologies. I've written two novels, but nothing I'd show to the world yet. Both of those were to prove to myself that I COULD write to that length, and still maintain relationships/arcs/general story interest. 




 What do you use them all for? 




 England originally, I'm a writer. 




 Slender-Man. Kept turning around to see how close behind me he was. No-where to be seen. Turn back to keep running, he's only in my bloody face isn't he.

I hit the ceiling.


ALSO, the first time I ever played Dino Crisis, there's a particular hallway where you go through like five/six times before you go through it and Raptors jump through the windows at you. TOTALLY did not see that one coming either. Screamed like a bitch (I was like 13/14). 




 Eskimos, man. They bring the elk like no-one else can. 




 Italian? 




 We were the biggest empire in history. Pretty influential I'd say, given that most of the world has at least some understanding of our language, or at least derivatives of it. 




 Not at all...but YOU are looking particularly fine today ;) 




 Exactly this. Funnel the money into the healthcare and education systems, give teachers, doctors, nurses and soldiers decent pay!

Vote me in the upcoming election, the Phoenix Party! ;) 




 He's a fantastic guy, and totally deserves all the good karma in the world. 




 From as early as I can remember in my first house (until I was 12 years old), I NEVER slept facing my bedroom doorway (It had no door), because I KNEW if I looked that way, I would see what was standing there and it would be able to come into the room and get me.

It's like you KNOW that if you throw a ball, gravity will bring it down.

I KNEW, without needing proof or confirmation, that there WAS something, and I don't know what, standing in my doorway every night. Occasionally I'd hear it walk along the landing from the lower end of our house until it stood outside my bedroom door, and I KNEW if I looked at it, it could come in and it WOULD kill me. 




 UK, Either;

Taking the high salary away from people who don't deserve it (like Football players, bankers etc)

OR

Taking the power away from corrupt politicians 




 This. 




 Queen (with a resurrected Freddie) and Muse opening for Def Leppard. 




 I don't believe in "God", but I do enjoy looking at the architecture, the well-made stained glass, the ornaments. Also the ambiance of other people's holy places always humbles me a little. Despite not believing myself, I can respect that many other people do, and it makes me think. I like the way my mind wanders in these sort of places. 




 Big Gay Al's song from South Park: Bigger. Longer. And More Uncut. 




 On the 9th of January 2011, I decided to apply to university. The deadline for applications was the 10th.

I got into university, left home to move to the other side of the country, met an old friend there with whom I am now in a deeply committed, loving relationship, and am currently living in Australia, half a world and four years away from when I made said decision. 




 Acknowledging that we need to do something about global warming and actually doing something about it, otherwise we'll extinct ourselves OR run out of resources. 




 A tiny freckle on the ass of the solar system...we're not all that big when you compare us to the sun. 




 I have no preconceptions about after death spirit wise, but I do believe if there is anything, it's not connected to our bodies once we go.

Therefore, I would like to be cremated. I like to think of the stuff that made me up returning to the world/universe, and to this end I'd like to be scattered over the sea at my favourite place. 




 The Cold Moon, by Jeffery Deaver. 




 Either; 

- Having to stuff it back into my shorts before cleaning off because whoever was just about to come into the room,

OR

- Getting it in your belly button. That stuff's just annoying. 




 Genuinely, Hitch-Hikers Guide to the Galaxy; the series, so it kinda breaks the rules. But man, did Douglas Adams hide some pearls of wisdom in them among the strange. 




 Ah, I have the understands now. Thanks. 




 C'mon tell me who are you, you, you, aaaah youuuu... 




 Goddamn it, my cover is blown!

*leaps out of window* 




 Who, who, who, who.
Whooooooo are you. 




 Hang off it? Could you elaborate and/or give us a picture example? Because I'm confused. 




 Floating.

Everyone else seems to be able to do it, and I can only do it when I hold my breath (so that the oxygen in my torso keeps me afloat). If I let my breath out my legs drag me down into the water.

I tend to float about two feet below the water line (helpful). 




 I went through (I say through, I didn't ever complete it) it vanilla, and never modded at all. Still extremely enjoyable both as a story, sandbox and to muck about in. 




 Cook, read, go outside and wonder at what this thing called outside is, generally live. 




 - Realised what I wanted from a relationship

- Never cheated again (because now I'm happy)

- Learnt to pursue what I want in life, not dilly dally around

- Learnt who my friends are. 




 Honourable mention goes out to my best friend; when I broke up with my almost seven years girlfriend, I had spent the entire day walking around the nearby lakes, crying and listening to music.

He came out after he finished work (earlier than he had to, I might add), picked me up, took me back to his, supplied me with alcohol, fish and chips, played some online games with me, watched a film with me, chatted to me, and finally gave me a big hug and told me I did the right thing.

If he was on Reddit, he'd deserve to win this thread. 




 Can you elaborate? I didn't become a writer until after school ended, though one English teacher did say she loved a short fiction I wrote for a coursework piece one time...it was pretty straightforward so there was no interpretation involved... 




 24,000 words per hour! 




 There were many...to name but a few...

- Frisbee-throwing a slice of cheese across the playground at one another, it hit a girl we knew in the face. Result = my friend got slapped

- Car Surfing (I'll let you imagine that one)

- Farting VERY loudly in the middle of a drama class (it was at EXACTLY the right point in someone else's piece) (childish I know, but we were kids)

- Skipping school several times for various reasons (to play trading card games, to play the playstation, to just hang out at a park we knew)

And so many, many injuries that I can barely remember them all. 




