









 Also, 1900 x 1200 




 For example, I don't think I could ever pickup a hitchhiker without the fear of being brutally murdered and left for dead on the side of the road. Also, zombies.  




 Arcade Fire. I've played through Neon Bible and The Suburbs multiple times, and there is only about 4-5 songs I can actually listen through to the end.  




 Cleveland is not lame.  




 Defendor. Say what you want about Woody Harrelson, but that movie was really good.  




 Yes. This movie came out of nowhere. Everyone should watch. 




 Yes it is.  




 Good times were had.  




 Same 




 /r/darksouls would like this 




 He broke the #1 rule. **Never** like your own status.  




 Another IT guy. 27 years old. On my own. I like to think of my self as pretty sociable, but instead of driving back to my hometown to go out this the weekend (which I normally do) I decided to get drunk and play Rockband tonight. That usually turns into playing more and more depressing music as the night wears on and waking up with a hangover tomorrow morning.  




 Upvote for Enslaved.  




 I actually thought "The Island" was pretty damn good. Haven't seen it mentioned on here yet.  




 North Dakota? 




 As a new subscriber, I think it's hilarious how I read the first two comments joking about this huge debate over the final act, only to then spend the next 30 minutes reading comments from a bunch of people arguing over the final act. 




 Every time I go to Walmart I always check to see if they put any blu-ray movies on sale.  









 This. Especially the free drinks. It was weird when I walked into a bar I've been going to for a few weeks and the bartender greeted me by my first name.  




 I was in the passenger seat of a truck that crashed into a tree going about 60 MPH. I did not have a seat belt on. Face smashed off the windshield, but I survived relatively unharmed with no lasting effects (aside from back pain). 
[Picture of Truck](http://i.imgur.com/FsfLe.jpg)
 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/htw48/mass_effect_3_on_wii/

just sayin 




 I usually take St Route 8-77 without too many issues, but I am leaving around 7-7:30 AM. 




 I also live in the Valley. Hampton Knoll and Pheasant Run are both pretty good apartment complexes that are prices reasonably. 




 What the hell. One of my favorite games would be Grandia 2. I thought it had a great story and battle mechanics. I would probably buy (in part) Trials 2 with the MS points.  




 Also, The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly 




 Correct me if I'm wrong, but if what S_W does is spam, isn't every response that isn't a question (or related to one) spam? 




 C-C-C-Comment. 




 I'd pay $15, and let them add more advertisements. Just give me some more 1vs100 action!  









 It's always good to meet a fellow adopter of HD DVD. Such a shame.  




 She looks like an average college girl that had a picture taken with a really shitty camera.  




 First pic kinda looks like a horse with purple wings.  




 I came to ask about PC specs. 




 As someone who recently got into a fight 3 three assholes at the Valley for not letting one of them cut me at the pisser, I agree wholeheartedly.  




 Is it just me or does it look like the first two come from Sherlock? They would be Sherlock Holmes and Professor Moriarty. 









 I am curious as to how this meeting occurred. Any backstory here? 




 You must have had the Ice and Fire condoms 




 I guess I am probably one of the only people on here that doesn't find the Pledge of Allegiance creepy at all, and I think it's kind of ridiculous that it's being compared to Fascism and the Nazis.  




 More specifically, Youngstown.  




 Quick question before I try this. What about the glass breaking from being on that light for so long? It's probably going to get pretty hot after a while.  




 Came in looking for 1920x1200 wallpaper. Leave disappointed. :( 




 Depending on the day/time, sounds like a good idea.  




