 Its a sad result of hunting,  I admire Macro meats for only shooting the males. At least then the joeys can have a life too. They are excellent names. Are they your photos?  They're such cuties.  




 I've never been but I've heard that police in Thailand are pretty bad 




 Same. I thought it would be a fun kids movie,  I was so very wrong  




 I'm vegetarian and I'm particularly fond of kangaroos, they're beautiful animals, the thought of them being hunted often upsets me. But this company actually seems really good,  if kangaroos must be hunted I'd support them. I've seen and heard too many stories about shooters wounding and not killing and the killing of joeys is awful. 

I'm glad there are good ethical hunters out there.  




 I got a Samsung flip phone 8 years ago, i gave it to my dad when i upgraded, he ran it over twice with a forklift... still works 




 I put  the pro in procrastination.   




 I'm 100% satisfied with cups.  




 ...how? 




 [Yes]( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cereal) 




 I did,  i didn't even contact the manager or anyone.  

I was incredibly depressed, the job was soul crushing retail and i was starting to seriously consider seriously injuring myself so i could have a legitimate reason to not go into work.  

So i drove 6 hours back to my parents house instead of going to work one morning.  I regret nothing. It all ended ok 




 I've been terrified of tsunamis for as long as i can remember. But in my entire life I've only spent about 1 hour in a place where a tsunami could occur.  




 Ive been to a few events that won't allow you to bring in your own water then charge $8 per 600ml. Its completely stupid. But you have to pay or pass out from dehydration.  




 A framed photo of me and my family's old dog having a nap together when I was about 8.   




 Geez, tough day 




 The whole octomum saga. Ridiculous.  




 My thoughts exactly  




 Well i have seen about 20 spiders, 1 snake and a few kangaroos today. .. so... 




 I say feb-ree 




 Yep, the worst. It just makes every aspect of their personality so dreary, everything they say is dull.  




 Its sad in a way.  But amazing, mind blowing.   




 Its not all bad,  but stuff like [this]( http://www.mamamia.com.au/news/adelaide-house-of-horrors/) and [this]( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snowtown_murders) and the occasional shootings, stabbings, arson, drug abuse etc. 
 




 What's spi? 




 Eyre peninsula, Australia  




 http://imgur.com/i8Oy1m5

 




 Poison jam  




 Haha perfect  




 Git here! 




 Gross drunk teenagers 




 Many 




 Weird haircuts?  




 I wouldn't worry about what she said. I love my boyfriend, to me is he perfect and I wouldn't change him for anything, but my best friend and I vent to each other about our boyfriends. if they overheard, they might be upset, hurt, offended etc., thats why we dont say it to their faces. 

It sounds kind of harsh, but it's what friends are for, for venting to and joking with, nothing malicious is meant by what we say. 
 




 They are treated with respect/ displayed respectfully in museums, plus the educational value outweighs any reason for keeping them buried/ entombed. 

But realistically, there is no valid reason to respect the dead, they're dead.  




 once I saw a guy selling slicer things, he was missing a whole arm, those things are dangerous.  




 you're wife might be crazy. sorry.  




 Symetry in the mall doesn't usually require bookings 




 But.... they do... 




 KI kangaroos are such cuties. great photo! 




 Plural, like 500 of them 




 *lady 




 a stalk. babies for everyone! 




 My aunt hit her head on a rock (after being tripped over by a pig), she had recurring dizziness and nausea for a year or so after, it wasn't weird, but it wasn't anything to worry about either. 

head injuries can cause all kinds of lasting affects, sleep walking is one of them. not sure about the peeing though... maybe you're just lucky.  




 I counted sheep once and did not fall asleep.  




 Kind of weird, mostly insanely dull.  




 do as Australians do. We survived a decade long drought. 

"The average Australian household uses 227 liters (60 gallons) per person per day, while the average California household consumes twice that amount."
 [source](http://www.circleofblue.org/waternews/2014/world/transformational-water-reforms-though-wrenching-helped-australia-endure-historic-drought-experts-say/#California%20Drought%20Lessons%20from%20Australia)

 




 you can buy pretty cheap stethoscopes online 




 
Yes of course,  protein for them! Yay!  




 Aqua, Hanson,  5ive, top 40, Rancid, Green Day, Jimmy Eat world, Keane, and now nothing at all.  

It went through some mild changes I guess.  




 I don't buy them for kids,  but as a non-religious 26 year old, i will be pretty darn disappointed if my mum doesn't give me any eggs tomorrow. 

Because, dammit,  I like chocolate.  




 Once when i was about 2 I was hugging the legs of my dad,  but then he spoke and I realised it wasn't my dad at all, it was a total stranger. Worst day of my life to that point.  




 My sister asked me to keep her kids easter eggs at my place so they didn't find them.  I didn't give all of them back...

But i did replace them,  so I'm not an awful aunt.  




 To go to sleep at will.  




 You're probably not mutant, its more likely that you're wearing polarised sunglasses which cause the spotty window effect. I'm not sure why though,  so someone smarter can answer that part of your question.  




 I admire you for sticking with it.  I would run, I would run far away.   




 Seconded 




 Yeah, it doesn't sound like excellent advice, but it works for me.  

I have 2 or 3 drinks and all my social anxiety is drowned.  




 'Blood pouring from my vagina'  




 Everything about humans is incredibly unnatural, milk is the least of our worries.  




 A bindle 




 Mrs. Doubtfire 




 The brain messes up its filing system temporarily, filing memories under 'old' instead of 'new'.
 




 Its always been cool.
Grain* farmer 




 Nope, they were just traveling. 
 




 I suggest you check the date, that may answer your question  









 Ive always thought of it as 

In love- romantic feelings

Loving- non romantic, like for family and friends 




 The Dim Dull Life of train_subject7377 




 Chews with his mouth open.  




 This.

Oh, plus lack of chocolate  




 I just take some pain killers, wear a good padded bra and avoid having anything touch them,  this works fine for me.   




 You've convinced me.  I'm going to hunt them all down and punch them,  one by one.   




 I wish I could enjoy the simple things,  sometimes i hate that i panic of i misplace my phone for a few moments.  Its stupid, but start can ya do 




 We're you amish? 




 I told my best friend that i had IBS, now her whole family makes jokes about it.  I'm too nice to punch them all in the face.   




 Green wiggly lines coming off it 




 That adults feared nothing.   




 You can do whatever you want,  but don't always expect people to care 




 My best friend didn't know what a clitoris was until she was in her late teens and asked her family "what's a cly-taurus?"  




 Keane 




 In my expert Australian opinion: bad people, corrupt governments/ politicians, global warming, uh... death, pain, a lifetime of suffering. .. dunno.  




 I'll stay here and hope that a lot of other people move elsewhere  




 One toe has two nails  




 Stealing.  




 My friend has invented "clock bracelets" and "water cars" 




 I grew up in rural Australia, we got our petrol and other basic goods from road houses. I moved to a city where you get it from servos (service station). I had no idea what a servo was and people didn't understand when i asked where the nearest road house was.  




 Some Australians do this or the variation "wheres the shop to?" 




 I often say 'not today zurg' and sadly, quite a few people don't know what I'm talking about.   




 Instant death,  so no pain or discomfort.  




 If they're hunting for food,  why are they leaving so many behind?   




 Not being able to fit my mouth around an easter egg on my first easter a few weeks before my first birthday.  




 Fitzgerald 

Like if Jane Austen wrote porn.  




 Hermione made purple and gold streamers erupt from the end of herPenis anddrape themselves artistically over the trees and bushes. 'Nice,' said Ron, 




 Douglas Adams 




 ABC (Australia)  




 Yep, grosss! 




 Have you been able to get him help yet?  




 Do it now.   




 I have also been stung by a stingray. Haven't been in the ocean since  (its been 10 ish years ) 




 I want to,  therefore i should 




 Emus are terrifying beasts.  




 And the skeleton showed signs of scoliosis which King Richard III was known to have suffered from, and also showed signs of a violent death,  which is known to have happened to him.  




 Unless you're a female 




 It depends on what legal system you're dealing with and the severity of the crime.  But generally murderers are given more severe sentences.  




 Pretend that you're alone- keane 




