




 Every river in America was a bounty of aquatic life until agriculture slited up the rivers. At Mount Vernon they wrote one could almost walk across the Potomac to Maryland on the backs of fish. Colonial agriculture was so bad Washington and Jefferson tried to innovate ways to free the nation from cash crops, but the economics didn't pan out and people continued cutting down forest and plowing the topsoil into erosive gushes. Before the civil war, even, there where 40 foot deep gullies in the middle of farmland in the Carolinas and northern Georgia. You could drive a carriage through them. 




 Do you need to meet in person? What continent are you on?

Check out the list of flaired users on /r/askhistorians and message one or two. [HERE IS THE LIST](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/wiki/flairedusers) 




 Fish are very different from humans. The chemicals simply will not work like that on our relatively more developed systems. 




 Any chance that might find its way to reddit? /r/Anarcho_Capitalism might like a talk about externalities. Maybe /r/austrian_economics, but the posting guidlines are tight 




 One more reason for smaller government, I suppose. :P

Complaining about the cost of government doesn't make sense whether the resistor even cares about large government or not. If people want smaller government, the cost to make a new center is a convenience cost which also improves representation. Two small centers have more overhead costs but are easier to keep everything else small through activism and involvement. If people don't care about size and spending, then wtf. They probably want to keep the people who want to leave tied up under their elective power to get benefits. Shame!

Not saying you are complaining. Thank you for introducing me to that. It is very interesting.

I've never heard any of that before and haven't ever thought about splitting counties, before. Legislative and councilmatic districts, yes. 




 Carroll County, just north of blue Baltimore County in Maryland, has a great hospital.

But in general, yes. :) 




 What booking companies are these?The market for information is where some people make their money and I'd love a stab at it. 




 I want to be able to separate my controls (units, minimap, commands) and snap my controls to the table, hover them in air, and snap them to other surfaces... like the armchair of my seat. Literally an armchair general.

Just imagine being able to share a static view of the battle map but each player only able to see the units their units' viewpoint allows. 




 Next to a blue one. 




 Rt 30 is dense as heck. For as abandoned Harrisburg looks, it really isn't. 




 Should be re-organized, then. 




 My wife wants to see the ducky and we're only 3 hrs away in Baltimore Co, MD. Anything to get on the Olympia again. 




 Will you get to go to Philly for the sail extravaganza? La Hermione and the giant rubber ducky are coming. 




 Land, friend. And the three years to establish anything more than hugelkulture or grazing meadows.

Like Joel says, farming is expensive. So expensive the young can't get in which means the old can't get out.

It is a challenge that only needs deeper opportunity, which comes around sometimes. One has to be able to jump on it! 




 Not descriptions, but dialogue or actions. 




 I'll take a look.

You gave me them so let's trade. Take a look at Strong Towns. 




 It may seem like impeding water, but only storm surges. The rest of the time the new organic matter and surface reservoirs would let more water into the tributary. - just like untouched healthy terrain does naturally. 




 I shouldn't! 




 What if someone bought all the land of a watershed above a tributary stream in an American desert or other currently non-arable land?

Mildly re-shape the land to hold the water and plant the native species back (not a statement against non-native species). Check dams, swales, stream calming, berms, planting mounds... maybe even groundwater-recharge wells like in India.

First of all, I can think of few better ways to improve the value of land making this a very exciting investment.

Second, the people downstream will be affected positively and negatively (although the argument might be made that not taking the optimal flow for a watershed into account is not something you could sue for).

Third, would the government have something to say about that? 









 It hopefully would shine. We're in a lot of trouble right now and the only thing I see holding us back from making things better is politicians - and we should never let idiots like them stop us from living well while they make money off our pain. There are a lot of investment and lifestyle change opportunities but not enough people have the funds they need to take advantage and the people who do have a little money are usually scared to take a risk. 




 This seems hipsterish. 




 But, seriously. I escaped the Star Wars rock, but have been living under a rock about torrenting.

I've downloaded bittorrent, now what do I do? 




 Between him and permaculturists like Geoff Lawton and Allan Savory, I have hope for the world. 




 [Here is an article](https://www.gapyear.com/news/256256/potholes-in-panama-city-tweet-to-be-fixed) posted in /r/Futurism. 









 [This video series hasn't *ruined* Elon for me...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKFjWR7X5dU) but almost. Maybe in a way that makes me like him even more. 









 How long have you been in the CBL and are you sure you are in a ketogenic state? 




 * Breakfast: 2-3 eggs + 4-6oz of bacon/sausage + at least cup of veggies

* Snack: 1-2 oz nuts and/or 3 oz veggies

* Lunch: Huge salad w/ protein and a potato

* Snack: 1-2 oz nuts and/or 3 oz veggies Pre-Workout: 4 oz chicken + 1 fruit

* Post-Workout: Immediate Creatine and 2part mass gainer/1part protein shake.

* Dinner: Six oz protein + 1 cup Rice/Couscous/Quinoa + 1 Cup veggie

* Hour before bed: I fill out my macros with whatever I want. This is often a 900 cal shake that has ice cream, peanut butter, good oats, coco milk and another scoop protein powder. So definitely a mix of paleo/non-paleo.

Had to re-format to read, figured I'd share. 




 A union is not necessarily looking out for the worker in every sense and instance.

http://fee.org/freeman/detail/labor-unions-create-unemployment-its-a-feature-not-a-bug 




 It happens on my Win 8 Laptop. Haven't figured it out yet, but I'm not putting in much effort bc all I have to do is switch the wifi off and on again. 




 Sounds good!

To mix it up, maybe try a slow cooker meal 




  simple

eh 




 Vote for Paul or vote for nobody is a pretty good endorsement of voting for Paul. 




 #rekt paul 




  MMMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP

 ^M-Meep... Meep meep-meep meep. 




 Wow. 




 If you cook with that stove, I suggest getting a washable curtain to hang between your bed area and the kitchen area. Make sure you wash it and I suggest using TriSodium Phosphate in the wash. 1/8 - 14 cup per load. The TSP may harm colors, so simple solids or white is best. Make sure you get the real stuff, in the paint aisle of a hardware store. This will make sure the soap releases from the cloth once it has attached to the grease and smoke particles. Better than getting grease on all the walls in your apartment. The hood fan won't collect everything. 




 [Read an article](http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/06/thank-you-chinese/395660/?single_page=true) on /r/travel, today.

 And then another will announce Gei wo yan!, literally Give me salt!, with no sign of a please or thank you involved... A Chinese linguist, Kaidi Zhan, says that using a please, as in Please pass the salt, actually has the opposite effect of politeness here in China. The Chinese way of being polite to each other with words is to shorten the social distance between you. And saying please serves to insert a kind of buffer or space that says, in effect, that we need some formality between us here.

Reading and seeing scenes like this has always reinforced the idea of closeness. A family huddled around a small fire sharing a sparse meal; a pack of soldiers or workers performing a task with few commands; some friends gesturing to pass the drink along.

Does Social Distance have another name?

What is the most poignant example you can recall? 




  During development a person develops a female or male brain in gestation but then develops the opposite body.

That is a theory, not necessarily the case. 




  You can have surgery/hormone treatments to make yourself one sex or the other

A person born one gender can only stay that gender or be neutered. Assuming the appearance of another sex is not the same thing as having the body and soul of another sex. There is heated debate over whether the "reassignment" surgery is even beneficial for *anybody*. 




 And the Church has historically not advised leaving anything to a government, right? 




 When is the soil in your field not soil?

When it is sediment hundreds of miles away being dredged out of a shipping lane or sitting behind a dam.

Wait... did the joke have to be ha-ha funny? 




 And its name is enter presidential hopeful here 




 Slow monkey takes sixteen hours to type five letters. Truly, a fine example of a relevant username :) 




 Oh, the pain is coming.

Any group of people can get in front of it. Doesn't have to be politicians. It won't be, in fact. The nature of politics dictates that either more human developments will bring the money and votes, or voters will have to drag politicians kicking and screaming away from detrimental developers. 




 This thing is five months old but I just have to add how crappy the article is. The fat isn't converted into energy? ... Maybe the guy's biochemist friend could kindly introduce the physicist to the concept of molecular bonds. 




 http://i.imgur.com/2XDRBqN.png 









 My point is I'm not exaggerating in my opinion. Regulations like the ones these states have seem benevolent and benign but effectively cripple he freedoms they address.

I figured you aren't for mandating no children be homeschooled. 




 https://mises.org/library/misess-non-trivial-insight

We're disagreeing about the *exactness* with which one can regard an experiment. 




  The fact that this thread is now filled with 1 and 2 day old accounts and all of Marohn's comments got a universal ~15 point bump overnight (after the article no longer sat at the top of r/engineering ) definitely isn't helping your case.

See if they stick around. Maybe this is just the community growing in to share this forum with those who are already here.

 Grumbling about that group of people for not responding positively to this attitude and not automatically agreeing with you is pissy.

Seems to me he's really just accepting it. Does it make sense to let all the downvotes he got drop if you won't drop all the upvotes he is getting? 




 So any public education, no matter how sub-par, is better than a functioning homeschool experience because of "so many lessons."

What is more important: street smarts, or a real education?

If you can't imagine how you might go about teaching a child, then nobody else should be allowed to try? 




 I think it *looks* great (because pretty renderings) but where are these businesses going to put their dumpsters and why would it be a good idea to mix pedestrian traffic and cargo/ trash truck traffic? This is a terrible idea. 




 Sometimes things just have to be said. 




 ITT: No examples of lenses with exactly no openings to spite the article. 









 lma-fuck. Just fuck. Fuck you people that have made me see this after every "ayyy" and fuck you people that type "ayyy."

I will patiently wait until I never see this again, but fuck I will be happy when I have no recollection of this fucking idiotic and purile dribble of a comment chain. 




  When you're done self-fellating with your disparaging remarks, let me know.

What a perfectly ironic sentence. 




 You are missing the re-evaluation residents would make about their personal transportation and the economy of scale which would ensue from having more queit, dense streets. People would walk more because what they need is closer and have more mass transit options because the cross section of demand for transportation and ineffectiveness of highways forces/invites a different mode of transport than the personal vehicle. 




 And if the curent planning scheme is naturally insolvent, like he says?

Don't say "oh, he hasn't proved it to me" - I'm asking you a hypothetical. 




 *You* should stay *out* of politics if you think he wouldn't have to do the exact thing he is doing now to gain position to take any politial power, anywhere. 




 If it is the first you heard of it then you are right to be skeptical, but /u/clmarohn has been going to conferences and giving presentations and meetings in towns and cities for a few years now. Not everyone runs to Reddit first to tout their big idea.

Would you, if you thought the community might be pissy like it has been, here?

Charles started grassroots, face-to-face because that is what he knew and what got results. 




 The solution to that is to make businesses hunt for customers on two feet, not on four wheels. Make roads roads and streets streets. 




 The Central Florida approach doesn't work because the tax returns on that spread out development scheme are too small for maintenance. The worst part is, this isn't just a Central Florida approach - it is the way the entire nation has been building for half a century. 




 The people who criminalize it. 




 Found in /r/TheWayWeWere 

[Article about the picture](http://www.unvisiteddallas.com/archives/1914) 









 Your math makes no sense. Are you trying to put a price on people's time per this exchange and then convert it to dollars per hour? 




 The author, Charles Mahron, came to reddit to comment on the [story](http://www.reddit.com/r/engineering/comments/398dbk/nonprofit_claims_engineers_show_conscious/?sort=top utm_content=buffer1af48 utm_medium=social utm_source=facebook.com utm_campaign=buffer). 




 http://www.reddit.com/r/engineering/comments/398dbk/nonprofit_claims_engineers_show_conscious/?sort=top utm_content=buffer1af48 utm_medium=social utm_source=facebook.com utm_campaign=buffer

With comments from author 




 You eat ice cream sandwiches 3 times a day? 




 Did anyone here make it like I did? 




 So many lost skills rediscovered! Who knew urine was so useful... 









 Are you watching the BBC Tudor Monastery Farm documentary with Peter Ginn and Ruth Goodman? 




  Who decides that?

The nature of humanity has an objective morality. 




 Are controlled experiments in economics possible?

I think you are not referring to studies which controlled groups and factors but, rather, experiments resembling labs where one chemical is mixed with another or an enzyme is added to a substance and observations are made. 














 There aren't many fjords on the continent, so Canuck-speak makes sense, almost. 




 I wonder at what speed the travel time will become even. 




 I didn't know this is something I had always wanted to see until I saw it. 




 yup. I tried to name the paper "The Morning Internets" but it cut off. 




 Image 9

Please note that the structure in the foreground is a cistern with [Windcatcher](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windcatcher) towers and the [Towers of Silence](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tower_of_Silence) are on the hilltops. Fascinating. 




 http://i.imgur.com/ywNzHNj.jpg 




 So to prevent that from happening there could be a peer to peer reputation overlay on the market which would let players who were at tournaments stake reputation to agree that the tournament happened as advertised. Seems like a lot of work to set up and a lot of work to keep going - and even then there enters a new layer which people can try to spoof or scam. 




 I'm really surprised there were no adults present at either location. 




 Sure, but shouldn't the author know what a MAGLEV is. He says it glides on a cushion of air. No, that is the Hyperloop. 




 Come see the upvotes inherent in the system! 




 Just re-tied my shoelaces with an over-under. With my nunn busch it is way more comfortable. I'm convinced and can't wait to send secret messages with CIA shoelacing. 




 Not so ridiculous. I think a bite would be reported. 




 damn. 




 So is the government going to open the borders or raise minimum wage? Neither. That was a joke.

Your wage garnishment point is good and scary. 




 Doesn't mean they will get jobs any time soon. :/ 




 Because Hitler has two syllables, you should have stuck with Uwe Boll, IMO. 




  The federal government can take its money by force.

By doing what? These kids don't have the money. 




 Huh, We called them the "Dear Jesus" handle.

Mom is a stressful passenger. 




 Masks are very comfortable. I think everyone will wear them in the future. 




 cue ass trumpets 




 Nah, reactionary is what I would call progressive feminists who see a thriving community and waylay it in secrecy. Misogynistic is what I call people who deny the theology of the body and how each gender complements the other - instead moving for total equality of outcomes through force and deception. 









 I'm a gamergater and that isn't cool. Creepy and uncool as hell. 




 Did you downvote your own comment or is there someone else in a month old thread? 




 Probably no mushrooms for the first fifteen years. More like field crops. And don't forget the opportunity for acorn-finished hogs. Those are more probably, considering it is Ohio and I don't know if peans would grow there. 




 I'd rather see them back where they came from in many regards, but we can't fix Mexico and friends. 




 Well, I wasn't saying it. Did you reply to the one who was debating you? I was only clarifying. 




 Not every human acts with full rationality, and many operate in a way which defies civil reasoning - especially when there is less civility to learn from. 




 [Very good.](http://www.ontheissues.org/2016/Rand_Paul_Immigration.htm)

Here's the plan. Secure the border. Make congress enact a detailed plan instead of just ordering a department to do so with little forcing them to. Once the border is secure, find a way for those who are not citizens yet to become legal - but not citizens directly. Eviction is not an option and citizenship is not fair. Bringing them into the legal workforce satisfies all parties... because in that process we can root out the criminals.

The process will not be immediate, and will hopefully coincide with economic growth that will make sure they do not get blamed for taking the jobs from American citizens.

I don't know why some Catholics want open borders; it certainly isn't for the economic reasons that Rand Paul understands the benefits. There can be no open borders right now between us and the dire situations in South America. 




 And it isn't like we are going to rid the House and Senate of the established old boys club. There isn't going to be a socialist revolution that gets campaign finance reform through in any meaningful way. The only hope is for some champions in the legislature to take what they are given by a president to reduce the size and scope of government. We aren't going to fix this through the courts, either.

*And* no constituitional amendement process is going to happen, much less go well for us. 




 Thanks for the answer :) 




 [Funny you should ask.](http://www.nationalpost.com/m/wp/blog.html?b=news.nationalpost.com%2F%2Fnews%2Fcanada%2Fbecoming-disabled-by-choice-not-chance-transabled-people-feel-like-impostors-in-their-fully-working-bodies) 




 /s ?

Honest question, since you only wrote three words.

 




 In the primary elections every vote matters. 




 And the half-truths are outstanding. Excellent. Top-notch. Cutting...

Anything positive to say about Hillary there? Nope. 









 I will say that he was a good mayor, but nothing that he did in that position will work as president.

We also disagree on how to remove corporations from power over the government, but we do not disagree that corporations should have much reduced influence. 




 google for ascii code, then just copy out of Yahoo answer where the author supplied both code and example. Or, if you know the code, hold ALT and then enter the code. U+2731 is  









 ugh. Runescape at 39kbps 




 I think he is purely remarking on message and self-marketing skill. Electability. 




 I'm standing with [Rand Paul.](https://www.randpaul.com/issues)

Sanctity of life 

Immigration 

Civil Liberties 

Our County Republican Central Committee has him coming to Maryland for a dinner this Tuesday (and then two weeks after that, Don Trump...) and we're still selling tickets.

You think Poland? We've been thinking about North Carolina. 




 I am sorry this is on such short notice, but if you haven't noticed, Senator Rand Paul is very busy running for president and helping to stop the ongoing crisis against civil liberties in America!

Dan Bongino, Dr. Alveda King, and Derek Hunter are attending and I expect are giving short talks. The BCRCC has a silent auction and wagon of cheer (booze) raffle.

There is a special rate for students and dinner is absolutely included in all tickets. VIP ticket purchasers should bring a camera(phone) for a quick pic with Rand as he signs your copy of his new book. [The information is available on this printable PDF.](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2fMf8VPLmNZNUYtZ2d2UFBIaWc/view?usp=sharing) If you see the $75 option for regular tickets, it is still available!

Hi, I'm youngest member of the BCRCC! *Please* make a comment in the comment box when you purchase online saying *Patron Vectras* sent you and that doesn't mean you have to sit with me, but it will be nice to say hello. The only benefit I will possibly get is an uprage to VIP ticket if enough credit me. If that happens I will hand it off if you ask nicely since I should really be helping seat people and set up.

[Ticket purchase link.](https://causes.anedot.com/dinner-with-senator-paul) 




 I am sorry this is on such short notice, but if you haven't noticed, Senator Rand Paul is very busy running for president and helping to stop the ongoing crisis against civil liberties in America!

Dan Bongino, Dr. Alveda King, and Derek Hunter are attending and I expect are giving short talks. The BCRCC has a silent auction and wagon of cheer (booze) raffle.

There is a special rate for students and dinner is absolutely included in all tickets. VIP ticket purchasers should bring a camera(phone) for a quick pic with Rand as he signs your copy of his new book. [The information is available on this printable PDF.](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2fMf8VPLmNZNUYtZ2d2UFBIaWc/view?usp=sharing) If you see the $75 option for regular tickets, it is still available!

Hi, I'm youngest member of the BCRCC! *Please* make a comment in the comment box when you purchase online saying *Patron Vectras* sent you and that doesn't mean you have to sit with me, but it will be nice to say hello. The only benefit I will possibly get is an uprage to VIP ticket if enough credit me. If that happens I will hand it off if you ask nicely since I should really be helping seat people and set up.

[Ticket purchase link.](https://causes.anedot.com/dinner-with-senator-paul) 




 Well, they'd show up and watch it burn while protecting nearby clients. The cost to have it saved on the spot is more than if protection was paid for but many services did and still do offer it.

It actually makes a lot of sense, IMO. People also start to build much safer homes and make more responsible decisions when fire protection isn't paid for by the local government. 




 Having both an area of protection and a subscription payment method doesn't make sense - just like Comcast of Verizon having regional monopolies doesn't today. 




 Simply this is happening: The NPS owns farmland in or around a historically significant area which it desires to lease as any other farmland would be - except with added covenants to protect the integrity of the site.

People lease farmland all the time - even the government does this in some places. The people who take th elease obviously intend to make money.

The NPS has a resource - arable land. It is going to let a farmer borrow the land for a fee. The farmer will pay the fee in hopes of making profit off the land. 




 Depends what the park is for. Is it for conserving nature or history?

If history, then farming it helps people connect with and understand the past. Even more important it is a great opportunity for kids and adults to get excited about history and farming at the same time. 




 To be honest, SW combat makes zero sense given the technology and force sensitivity in canon vs the gameplay and portrayals.

There would be absolute frustration with the rules when you can't do something logical, manage the sheer numbers of troops, or deal with Jedi secret missions.

It is a space opera, not a military history novel. The mechanics of the universe sound good, look good, but are hard to work with in practice.

It would be cool, however, to see the force sensitivity of your generals and agents in the character screen. 




 National Parks is asking for RFPs on two farms in historical Ohio with 60-year terms.

They'd probably go for something innovative like contour alleycropping with mob grazing, but not wild food forest. 









 National Parks is asking for RFPs on two farms in historical Ohio with 60-year terms. 









 Dr. McHughs perfectly captures the Catholic position, though without much of the dogmatic context and philosophy it may not make sense as a merciful and righteous position - and even then you may disagree. A person who does not agree and live this position is not, by self-definition, a Catholic. That is how our Church works, much simplified.

If you want to know more, there is a video called [The Third Way](http://www.blackstonefilms.org/thethirdway/) that may fill in some gaps. 




 If you don;t already know about [Strong Towns,](http://www.strongtowns.org/) take a look. There are events happening in Texas right now, I think. 




  to maintain stability.

a civil society

 accept the legitimacy of government

Do you mean by saying government is not evil at any/ some level? 




 The punchline is that the Hussar is a maverick/rogue/uncouth knave and is solving the problem in a scandalous way at a fancy party. 




