 Funny coming from him considering what he did to Louisiana. 









 They will continue coming. We have to learn how to address them. 





























 If by week you mean for months now and unto the primary and possibly general election, yes you're right.  




 Warriors and Heat. 

Spurs and Cavs can watch from home like the rest of us.  




 Then add All-Star game MVP to that list for Porzingis. 














 there have been a lot of positive tests over the years and if they got caught, imagine who many didn't

i'm curious about the georges line though 




 where in the blue hell did all of those threes come from? 




 ROTY no doubt. He wont' get MVP simply because the Knicks will still sink. He will surely be a 25-10 double double machine.  




 Can a rookie play on the all-star team? Is that within the rules?  




 You're right. He's not nearly as athletic as Thompson.  




 good link 




 You know any good places to train UFC in Dublin?  




 Who's Mauricio Rua anyway? Only in there because of his brother Shogun.

He's too much.  




 Ronda is looking out for herself, not fellow fighters.  




 Forget him. He's always hating on the Suns. 




 Nothing a cycle of steroids and hard work can't do.  














 He played. He's not a rookie.  




 He's very athletic but he could improve his shooting.  




 Conor looks like he has not eaten in a week. 




 Jewish check. Carpenter check. Looks to help the poor and disadvantaged check.  









 Think of T like an energy/turbo bar in a video game. Throughout the day you use it up and it gets lower. Or it could be from masking agents.  




 Isn't his Andro on the high side of normal with his T/E ratio too small? Could that be a sign of a masking agent? 









 He isnt going to win his partys nomination, but his popularity still matters. 

I hope the author Jamelle Bouie is willing to share his time machine with me.  




 He isnt going to win his partys nomination, but his popularity still matters. 

I hope the author Jamelle Bouie is willing to share his time machine with me.  
























 I believe you that he is a great guy. He comes off as a class guy. Nice guys dope too though. I understand/respect your loyalty.  




 Cain Velasquez. Nick or Nate Diaz (not including marijuana). Benson Henderson. Roy Nelson unless we're counting whoppers. Khabib Nurmagomedov. Rose Namajunas. 

Wouldn't surprise me: anyone at jackson's like Jon Jones or Holly Holm or Andrei Arlovski. Also Jacare Souza or RDA.  




 hahaha 




 Ok. But what's up with his response? Why doesn't he just admit it instead of half assing it?  









 yeah 




 Yes. 




 He was juicing then though so not really.  




 Haha! I think he's ever worse than Jon. But Jon could still end up there if the prosecutor isn't a total loser.  




 I've been a Vitor fan from his first UFC fight on and I am to this day. But I'm also honest.  




 Weed stays in your system a long time especially if you use a lot. It really depends on how sensitive a test is. I read they are making less sensitive? Yeah, it's not professional but I guess they just  had to light up. 




 Weed is not a PED so I don't think it's fair to group those fighters with the cheaters.  









 There's sloppy, and there's Thiago Silva. The guy is scum. He's lucky to not be in prison.  




 You don't think UFC fighters can be? lol 




 As he should  be. Gilbert robbed him of his paycheck. Any chance the UFC still gives him his show money if they can't find a replacement opponent?  




 It was known back in SF Gilbert was using.  




 Vitor is a mental midget. You can't fix cowardice. That's why he's been a chronic steroids user his entire career. It helps him physically, but it also makes him confident mentally. I'm also a huge Vitor fan. 




 He's talking about the story in the link he provided and also the pictures of of a broken rib that have been everywhere.  




 It will lower prices. More users = more buying power. Look at every other country. When a country has more buying power, they say what the price will be and make companies compete.  




 I think more will get caught. A lot of them will just be more careful by taking larger windows when they cycle. And the fighters who can afford the good stuff will use freely because tests are years behind new synthetic testosterone they come up with every year. What they should do is store their blood for testing in 5/10 years.  




 You realize that a majority of  UFC fighters use PEDs, right?  




 It's his fault for being sloppy with his cycling. You don't see fighters at Jackson's or Blackzilians pissing hot.  




 medicare for everyone would cut prices significantly  




 yeah that counts 




 there are other forms of resistance training than just lifting weighs bruh 




 face is a wreck but that booty  




 she can't fight cris cyborg though 




 It has historically been a wedge issue but Sanders is trying to make it something we can come together. 




 It is obvious, but it is still important because it shows you that he is different. Everyone else on the left doesn't say this because they are afraid of losing votes. Sanders tells it like it is. For that reason, it is something we can appreciate.  




 Why do you want him to get destroyed in the primaries? Do you love the establishment? Do  you hate Sanders's ideas of every American having a livable wage and health insurance? 














 Let's get a couple of more goals!  




 I'm right on point.  




 Prison lobby gives money to politicians, mostly republicans, they in turn create laws to put more people in prison. They also privatize the prisons system. In my home state, Arizona, the newly elected Republican governor gave 500 million dollars to build a new private prison that has a contract to stay at 100% full capacity while cutting education across the board.  




 If we spent money on mental health and drug rehab instead of prisons, we'd save billions every year and be better off as a society.  




 I just want to remind you all that we had a player hurt his hand picking up the phone.  




 do they have a plaxico stupidity clause in his contract? they should 




 it's CNN, what do you expect? 

it's why I rephrased it, because CNN's title his dishonest and they're scrum 




 If you don't speed you're probably holding up traffic and creating more danger than anything. I don't see why having background checks and keeping guns away from criminals and other dangerous people should be controversial. 




 it could 




 It's not just rhetoric. These would be policies he would attempt to implement. He's not delusional. He knows he can't do everything he's saying without the help of the establishment down the line, but he's going to work to do as much as he can. He's going to fight for the middle class. America needs him. 




 What you have to understand about Bernie is he doesn't speak that way. He doesn't do damage control. He tells it like it is. Bernie Sanders has been consistent on guns. I don't  expect either extreme to side with Sanders on gun rights, but I do think a vast majority of Americans is in line with Bernie on guns, including gun owners.  




 Obviously the UFC wants to have their cake and eat it too.

They are a monopoly with a tapped out market. Now that they have squeezed out every single penny of their fanbase with every possible revenue stream, its' their fighters who are the target of their greed.  







































 That is your evaluation. He's put in the work and beat top fighters. You didn't make a valid argument to why he should't get a shot. 




 Prices always climb. That is not relevant. The question you should be asking is, what would prices have been without the ACA? The answer is without a doubt higher than without the ACA.  




 Haters gonna hate and ainters gonna aint. 

People said the same thing about a black junior senator too. 

I believe in Bernie. He represents me. I'm going to vote for him and do what else I can to help him get every last vote possible no matter what the detractors or anyone else says.  




 Green would be considered a big? lol 














 how u know?
 




 We need catchy lines for him like we had riggin for wiggins.  




 yup 




 Dana hates Ryan for some reason. Only people who beat him can get title shots. Ryan Bader isn't allowed.  




 You simplify it. You don't need that many combinations. Or computerize it and do as many combinations as you want.  




 that's true, but I bet at least one or two more players will have their stocks rise a lot from now until then 




 1 on 5 though bruh 




 Ben Simmons is Anthony Davis level though!  




 I mean, what other options do they have?  




 you need to read a political ideologies book lol 




 they make it complicated to not televise it 

they can make it a lot more simple if they want  




 it happens a lot! lol 




 .500 basketball forever 









 the NBA has had fixed games before, this is fact

it's not that outrageous for me to suspect they are fixing the draft lottery by doing it in secrecy  




 Elections have many checks. Sometimes, they're even recounted by people counting ballots. As far as oscars or nickelodean, what? Who cares about that BS.  




 "in a way"

what way is that? 

it has 0 proof it's legit 

I'm still waiting for anyone to tell me what is a good reason to do it in secret and not live. 




 auditors? lol, horse and pony show man 

why not do it live in public and get crazy ratings for it? WHY?  




 We are if we play all of our young guys a lot. I'm sick and tired of 500 ball. We have to get bad to get good.  




 np 




 you'd rather have another great season of competing for the 8th seed and a first and done?  




 let's throw the season! trade Bledose for the sixers first round picks, go all in on getting Ben Simmons!  




 [every suns fan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31g0YE61PLQ) right now 




 Occam's Razor bruh. What is a legitimate reason for them to have the draft lottery in secret instead of broadcasting it live for everyone to witness? They hate the ratings?  




 Tucker is solid but he is already at his ceiling. I'm hoping Warren realizes his potential.  




 The Knicks got hooked up. The Cavs  got hooked up. Many teams have gotten hooked up. 




 I think it's realistic to expect things like universal healthcare and free university education. Western European countries does it. Why can't we? Are they better than we are?  




 So everyone doesn't contact the people who contacted Chad.  




 In the episode Chad goes to get a new number and in the process shows the people who contacted him on his phone...displaying their  numbers. This is why the episode was taken down. 




 NBA always does stuff like this. There is a reason why the draft lottery is done in secret. It's for fixin'. 




 has he ever predicted anything correctly before?  




 I think the NBA will make amends for screwing LA with the CP3 trade by having them win the lottery next year and getting **Ben Simmons**. 




 100% biased but TJ Warren 




 Love has a better chance. 




 they should call him dj ilek 




 [Vince Carter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNy8dQNcf2w). 




 NBA Street yo 




 [mirror](https://vid.me/9397)

It's private because Chad showed the numbers of many people who contacted him after his phone number was leaked.  




 A lot of fighters do/will probably have CTE. I love fighting and american football, but you have to be incredibly stupid to go taking concussions for a living, regardless of how many millions you make. And for many, pennies.  




 the only thing worse than michael was his bandwagon fans in every city across the country  




 I see.  




