




 For instance, my geology course clashes with my reshapping environments class so, I need to make changes? 




 *GHOOOSTT CALLLOORRRIIEESSSS~~~ OOOO* 









 Should I be using a laptop or my pen and paper? What are the pros and cons of each?  









 Haha, my college has around 40-50k students which I find baffling! I was in a school with around ~150 students prior and to be thrown into a school with 50,000 students just boggles my mind. I'll definitely be joining cubs but if i'm entering mid-year, will I be at a disadvantage? Will social clicks be formed already?  














 I've been playing for a month and have 100... 




 Really want to take Mapping but i've heard only negative things about the lecturer so far :( 









 Hey! Ex-Foundie here! Don't worry about the first maths exam, it only counts for like what, 25% of the overall grade? You should definitely focus on getting a better score on the other test which is going to count for ~70% so it can definitely pull your grades up.

Also, try to focus on other subjects! Economics especially starts to get significantly more difficult later on when you are introduced to SAQS/LAQS which makes the first MCQ exam seem like a joke. Other subjects like HOI and Lit/Drama are really easy to score in if you follow the guidelines and ask teachers for help and participate (very important, it accounts for grades) in your classes. All in all, just relax and work harder! Good luck. PM me if you have any other questions. 

Finally, while it's awesome to respect your parents wishes and dreams (and I totally respect that and can relate) you should also come to realise that College is a time when you realize that at the end of the day it's YOUR life. Not your dad's, mum's or whatever but YOURS. So think carefully about what you want to really do. It may feel nice to honor your parents wishes in the short run, but after you've graduated it would really suck to be filled with regrets.  









 Let's just hope that in the future the professor - who's probably backed by the dept.- doesn't start going against you and intentionally gives you unfair treatment in tests and assignments that would mess up your grade. 




 How about constructing environments? 









 Pretty sure it'd dead already 









 If it's the building next to a church then yes! :) 




 Melbourne Central sorry! 









 I for one really want to study architecture! Advice would be appreciated. :)  














