 Haters gonna hate and anus gonna ain't. 




 "So I was sitting in my cubicle today, and I realized, ever since I started working, every single day of my life has been worse than the day before it. So that means that every single day that you see me, that's on the worst day of my life."


Edit: [Gold?](http://imgur.com/Ous4MVl)


Edit: Source-[Office Space](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0151804/) 




 With Marvel, the comic relief is now the main hero.  




 o_o' 




 What does it say about you when she begins fapping furiously? 




 It was definitely ahead of it's time but it has no relevant uses in modern society.  




 Monkey see. Monkey do. 




 With himself 




 2015 will be LA-centric. 




 Write your flick. Just go through the initial first draft. Once you're done,Then you defy and critisize every word. Comb through the pages, don't just look for cliches, look for plot holes, hanging story lines, out of character actions or words, etc.  




 Well, done. You know how to make a story. 




 It could be a love story of a slow car that can never quite catch up to the car it loves. 




 Why do you think that way? 




 I didn't say "to despite".  




 Why? 









 I try to understand, I do. Whenever, your point is lost because you are trying to pick a fight with me. I am only and just trying to connect with people over social media and you stand in the way like a deer in a stream. Please, I cannot even pronounce your username.  




 If you were rooting for the mountain, that was a nail biter of a fight. 









 That doesn't despite the fact that I never said "to win". 




 I didn't say "to win". 




 Looking for anecdotes or personal experiences.

EDIT: I am not a troll. 




 A single man


Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels


Three Kings


Four Brothers


Fast Five


The Sixth Sense 


Seven Samurai


Eight Crazy Nights


9



The Ten Commandments 



 




 "What's the most you ever lost in a coin toss?" 




 That last Rocky movie was awesome. 









 Seriously? 




 Elevator scene in The Departed.


"Just fucking kill me."


"I am killing you." 




 () 









 o7 Major Asshole. 




 As evidenced by the doodles on the fridge. 




 Whichever restaurant sells the most burger in a year is crowned Burger King. 









 That turtle reveal was very nice. 


Video was good, would improve by editing the cuts with the music more. Just my opinion. 




 Ahh!....Was not disappointed. 




 The simple act of teaching your kids to understand how broke you are prevents being embarrassed in front of multiple people. 




 Something something Jet Li. 




 Noob here :) : Points? 




 that's an inhumane way to kill someone. 




 Cue the 2001 music. 




 I would love to see an office space type comedy with Edward Norton and Alan Ruck where they are cubicle best friends... with Kevin Spacey as their boss. 









 I'm waiting for the story to kick in, then the characters notice the camera and I'm like, "no, I'm supposed to be invisible." 




 The Kiefer 




 I have a predisposition for 1 word titles, It's  up to you what type of writer you'll be. If you find yourself truly lost You can name it after the protagonist. Or scan through for a conversation or object of interest, i.E. The music box.                                                                               




 The little girl is just a grown midget murderer. 




 Whereabouts are ya? 




 Scripts, especially award nominated scripts. I always refer to scripts for reference on formatting or I'll wonder how a writer visualized a particular scene. What's fun to do is reading a scene and watching the finished product. Very inspiring to watch.  




 Yeah, I couldn't wait for the pig sex. 




 Citizen Kane is my go-to. 









 It's actually, "I am a leaf on the wind. Watch.. "-*Thunk* 




 why? 




 Indy Mogul: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFzIP_TN75A 




 I'm on mobile but look up indie mogul on YouTube they have DIY lighting tutorials.  




 Hey...network. :)


Am I doing it right? 




 




 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ghost_towns_in_the_United_States 




 That's $850+. 




 Check with your university to see if they've got equipment they can loan out. 




 Scheduled, I love that I trust science to predict the Apocalypse more than religions. 




 It always comes back to him? 




 (Just my opinion.)


I like the idea. The execution faltered a bit. If you wanna take comedy serious, from what I can tell, you have to be consistent. Always be funny and everyone treats the situation seriously. The main character did well to keep a straight face but the secondary didn't. (Just my opinion.)


I wasn't laughing. The whole time I was waiting for the other shoe to drop but it never did. By the end I was like, oh he's just a dick. That's the joke? (Just my opinion.)

I would've had some comic relief to bring balance to his brashness. Like a fat mentor who can't keep up with perps and tells the intern not to run faster. (Just my opinion.)



I'm not trying to discourage you at all. I would never do that. You frame your shots well and you clearly have a drive to entertain and that's wonderful. Also keep in mind that comedy is the hardest challenge to tackle because it's so subjective. 




 Hey, Miami!....oh, right. :( 




 [So many unpaid extras!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FG0fTKAqZ5g) 




 :o
 




 There's a shot of the sniper character, in the background a person walks from left to right, that was accidental, no? 




 From what I've gathered in this sub so far, the general consensus to beginners is: find a camera and start filming. 




 What you could do is engineer a memory for yourself. Take a very slow walk around your block, don't create any distractions for yourself and absorb as much as possible. Go back home and write down what you remember, focus on what stuck out to you and ask yourself why that specifically. 

Now remember, films only access sight and sound. It is up to you as a filmmaker to recreate the emotions of memories using only those two senses. Be creative, I challenge you to experiment and come up with something no one else has. 

P.S. don't try to crowbar in other senses with dialogue such as "oh this is delicious" or "it smells wonderful in this park."

P.P.S. Smell-o-vision was a thing, did not catch on. 




 In the behind the scenes footage the crew explain that this trap is very simple to get out of by pushing up the "cuff" of the trap hand, but when both hands are in you need to wait for someone to do it for you or you're fucked. 




 2 birds with 1 TB. 




 The Toynbee Tiles.  




 Watched the whole thing. Having never seen it before, thank you. 




 Nice, really enjoyed it. 




 This [one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7d_jQycdQGo)? 




 What's wrong with your current viewfinder? Just curious. 




 Working on it! 




 My phone records low def and runs out of memory about 10 seconds in. 




 Well, what's to your liking? 




 oh man, that sounds cringe worthy. I'm sorry but, hey, live and learn. 




 Boy meets girl, they bring out the rebel in each other? 




 In other words, don't write your character into a hole where they can find a shovel. 




 I'm curious if there's a general ratio of 1st drafts and rewrites. How much more time should be taken into perfecting a story? 




 It looks like Martin luther king Jr. is reluctantly teaming up with Kim Jong Un to take down space racists...plus 50 shades.  




 Do you have other films? 




 Writing question: For shorts 1-5 minutes in length do you guys tend to make scripts for it? I was wondering how much pre-production goes into these. 


Also, is there a recommended time for writing? 

For example: 1st draft (1-4 months) 




 That was nice, I bet it would've looked funny to the neighborhood when you were filming. 



"Kids these days." 




 I wouldve link if i was on PC. 




 Goes by Ponysmasher 




 I didn't even think about that! 




 Where's the trailer? 




 Just saw it. The plot could have been a little tighter, the "dad" person James would go into didn't lead anywhere, whereas the "homeless" and "business" persons were not only congruent but also simultaneous. That and the punching sound effect at the beginning.was a bit jarring and took me out for a second. 


Aside from that I was entertained throughout, and I was eager to see how it would end. Fortunately, you guys didn't make the common mistake other filmmakers make where the concept is drawn out and makes you lose interest. In this case, you took a good amount of time to set up your characters and tell your story. Kudos. 




 do you remember a particular moment or you just eased into what you're doing now? was it what you wanted to do before? 




 Wanna go traveling? 




 Thank you, I really didn't know. Have an upvote. 




 1) All I ever read about are festivals, where can I look up markets in my area? Which of the two are better for networking?


2) I've never made a film before, how should I go about funding my first flick?


3) What's a one sheet?


4) For each level of funding, what type of film qualifies? For example, a tiny 20 minute film about jogging. Would that qualify for pre sales?

5) I know I'll sound like a 1800's era gentleman but on the funding side, who do I see about these things?


 




 What's this meme? 




 I'm trying to pool together the cash, was looking for a workable timeframe. Thanks, I hope I beat the clock. 




 Could you be a bit specific about funding? Then a general overview of marketing? Also don't know the difference between festivals and markets. 




 Where? 




 Can you elaborate  on funding and  marketing ? 




 How much longer will the G6 be on sale? 




 That's the point isn't it? The show is written to be incredibly plausible, in my opinion. Except for the last two episodes. 




 Black Mirror 




 "In the arms of an angel..." *must adopt every dog.* 




 Donate to the European Union, it'd help stabilize the Euro. Additionally, Europe would be confident in pursuing more sanctions against Russia if necessary. 




 The "Cops" series should be a game. 




 [Why](http://youtu.be/oulbBdmGH8o). 




 No. 




