 Shows the kind of man he was. Understood what he was up against and made the right calls to get it done. That's what we call a leader, here in the States. Now look at Britain.. Couldn't protect themselves from a paper cut without the US military.

"Checkmate" - George Washington 









 [MRW I watch that video.](http://i.imgur.com/GhzjoRT.jpg) 




 George Washington showed you what we think of your kind. 

One of the leaders of the American Revolution visited England after the war. His host entertained him comfortably, but was the sort of fellow who constantly disparaged America and Americans generally and never could get over the fact we had beaten them in the war.

To amuse himself and to twit his American guest, the host hung a print of George Washington in his outhouse. It had been there for a few days, and the host knew the American must have seen it, but he had said nothing. Finally overcome by curiosity, the host asked his guest what he thought of the picture of Washington.

"It is most appropriately hung," the American replied. "Nothing ever made the British shit like the sight of George Washington." 




 "Washington was the only Southern slaveholding Founding Father among the top seven to emancipate his slaves after the American Revolution." 




 TIL that /r/TIL is anti-America and hates the founding fathers.  




 We do not care what Englishman think about us. We are Americans. You can keep your anti-American shit-stained mouth on that side of the pond. And, please, Churchill does not compare to George Washington. 




 Well said! 




 Hell, most sober drivers I see should have never been allowed behind the wheel.  




 Says the guy that voted for Obama. 




 I ripped the page out and hid it in my closet for safe keeping.  




 k 




 lol thats funny 




 Ask yourselves...Why would anyone want to give more money to the government? Are they spending your money wisely now? Do they have a tight budget that they adhere to? Would it matter if we had this extra revenue? How do you know it would help? The US Government does not use your money wisely now, what makes you think they will somehow become budget pros if they had this extra money? Where would the money go? Where would it be spent? How is your money being spent now?  




 Liar! Liberals tell me all the time that if you ban something unicorns appear.  




 "Give us more of your money. We are great cutting waste. We will give you the most bang for your buck. We spend your money wisely on stuff like $436 hammers and such. We need more!" - US Government 




 I just asked a poor person for a job and they said to let them know when I found one.  




 Top Gun is one of my favorite movies of all time but that doesn't mean Tom Cruise is *not* batshit crazy.  




 Racists are bigots but that does not mean bigots are racist. A racist is someone who believes in the superiority of one race over another, or who acts differently (usually negatively) towards a person or a group of people because of their race. A bigot is a blinkered, narrow-minded person, usually also very intolerant and unable to see anyone else's point of view. People can be bigoted about things that have nothing to do with race. 




 Kanye is one of those people that just needs a good ass-whoopin. Talk shit their entire lives until someone actually puts them in their place. No one has put Kanye in his place yet. With an ego like his, its bound to happen.  




 Kanye West is a racist bigot. 




 Kanye is a worthless pile of worm shit. 




 There were 17 producers credited on Beyonce's self-titled album.
You know who produced Beck's "Morning Phase"? Just Beck. A well-deserved award for an incredibly talented artist. Fuck you, Kanye! 




 And they blew it on housing dope smokers at the county jail and whores. 




 Sounds like your animal shelter employs a bunch of damn commies.  




 Once you hit 34 or 35 you start to get the, "You are a little older than I was looking for" or the "I can't get passed the age difference" responses. The first time I got one of these (I was 35) was the first time I said to myself, "I am officially getting old." Now I am in my 50s and still hoping I find the one. Wish me luck, guys! 




 [Tool - No Quarter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZKIfCJZvZo) (Cover)

[Led Zeppelin - No Quarter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJm8fZ6WS5Y) (Original)

Best cover ever! 




 k 




 A citation that will never come... /r/worldnews is partly an Obama fan club. Snowden could have been admired by /r/worldnews but the moment someone made Snowden more admired than Obama was the day /r/worldnews turned their backs on an American hero because how dare you admire someone more than our dear leader. 




 People who use the passing lane as the slow lane. 




 Vaccinations should be "voluntary". Giving the government the power to strap you down and put a needle in your arm is not something I could ever foresee me being supportive of. People should be vaccinated, but it should be up to the parents and not the government. More education on the subject? Sure. Forcing needles in peoples arm by government agencies? No, thank you. 




 ummmm, yes, I am here for the gilding..... I have cheeseburgers, if you are interested.  









 Did you forget the comment I was responding to? So are you saying that selling a 20oz water and some lottery tickets is not harmless? 




 Why does a gas station clerk keep a pistol under the counter? 




 I, for one, do not want a government that can force a needle in your arm. 




 [MRW I watch that video.](http://i.imgur.com/GhzjoRT.jpg) 














 That I did, accidentally. Thank you, fellow patriot.  




 It was an accidental mix up. My apologies, fellow patriot. Could you ask the patriot above you to come down from his horse and join us for a cold beer and slice of pie? 




 *First they came for the 5th amendment,*    
*and I didnt speak out because I had no reason to be arrested.*    
    
*Then they came for the 4th amendment,*    
*and I didnt speak out because I had not been searched.*    
    
*Then they came for the 2nd amendment,*    
*and I didnt speak out because I owned no guns.*    
    
*Then they came for the 1st amendment,...*        

Edit: Mixed up my freedom list. 




 I have been using Avast Endpoint Protection Plus on my servers -Per server license comes in 5pack. It has an Exchange feature. It can be pushed to clients. Its cheap and gets the job done. It's not the greatest solution on the market but if you need cheap it works. It is not as robust as Groupshield but has been great at capturing any type of infected file trying to get through and has a decent spam filter. 




 Instead they guaranteed the sell of a product for an entire industry. Damn those 1%'ers!! *wink* *wink* 




 Considering they were able to pass the Affordable Care Act without Republican votes would make me assume that Democrats are the reason that Democrats could not get single-payer health care through Congress. 




 ["Roll'n with the homies..."](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLC5voGUp0I) 




 Former linebacker, guaranteed! 




 Does Venezuela have a 2nd Amendment? 




 Changed my views on the man. Really enjoyed that doc. Also, another good one to watch is, [The World Without US](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLUQgIsJMPc). Its not pro-Republican but a great middle of the road look at what the world would be like without the US. A great foreign policy doc.  




 I was wondering. The top comment has the same GUID procedure as my link. I just thought that maybe OP didn't read my comment. Thanks! 




 And the DWORD entry is Decimal?

Edit: Also, if nothing else has worked, try making the size limit something like 3 times the size of current DB size instead of 8000. How much storage do you have where this DB is located? You can also try recreating the registry entry by following the [walk-through](http://tinyurl.com/qzarslk) on technet.  




 Make sure you are running the latest updates. Are you running low on storage? Did you make this registry change? If so, did you restart Information Store? Still having issues? 




 So glad I live in a country where citizens have the means to protect themselves.  




 ....and wind up ~~in ditches~~ as Engineers with some other company.  




 I could have possibly worded my post a little different to keep from confusion. No apologies needed, but thanks! 




 I was not trashing your post. I am trashing our elected officials. I am very happy to see this still in discussion. I am just pointing out that we need to do more. We need to guarantee the passage and enforcement of this legislation. We are the voters. We are the only ones who can enforce it. The fact that all we ever have is discussion and nothing actually happens is not where we want to be. I appreciate your post and your continued efforts to keep the word out. 




 God gave us free will. He does not pick and choose our battles. 




 [...i don't know what we're yelling about?!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCVHpnixj88) 




 There is a reason it is no longer a default sub. /r/politics is nothing more than the left nut of the Democrats sack.  




 Warren is too left leaning to win the general. Anyone that believes otherwise is lying to themselves...same for Bernie Sanders. 









 When one of these States actually passes said legislation and enforces it, I will believe something is actually being done about it. I see lots of *make us feel good* legislation being proposed but nothing actually being done.  




 ###"Roger, go at throttle up"


*While the storm clouds gather far across the sea,*    
*Let us swear allegiance to a land that's free,*    
*Let us all be grateful for a land so fair,*    
*As we raise our voices in a solemn prayer.*    
*God bless America,*    
*Land that I love,*    
*Stand beside her, and guide her*    
*Through the night with a light from above.*    
*From the mountains, to the prairies,*    
*To the oceans, white with foam*    
*God bless America, My home sweet home*    
*God bless America, My home sweet home.*     




 "go at throttle up"

"Roger, go at throttle up,"

 




 agreed! I deal with perpetual burnout because of things like this.  




 [Album](http://imgur.com/a/rDFCA#0) 









 This is a prime example of why we need bigger governments.  ^^^/s 




 That is a beautiful bird. 




 Just because a key works does not mean it is legitimately legal for you to use that key. I would guess those keys being sold are violating Microsoft's licensing terms. 









 Millions of people would die if we attacked North Korea. South Korea is a densely populated area. North Korea has nuclear capability and the rockets to carry it with....at-least rockets that can reach South Korea. It's not a B W scenario. Waiting is the best option, at this point, unless China changes their policy.  




 haha... Good luck finding a legitimate copy of Windows 7 for $20. 




 Don't forget [ActBlue](https://secure.actblue.com/). You can *bank on them*. 




 Fuck you, Jenny! ^^...and ^^you ^^too, ^^Carly! 




 Black people perpetuate black stereotypes. 




 You are not the first person I have seen/heard say that about Wilson. I did not get to watch the game. Can you elaborate? 




 This cant be true. Republicans are the party of the rich. ^^^^^/s 









 Getting divorced ain't cheap.  




 Could have used that the other night at 2 a.m., on site, after a 19 hour day. Became a 22 hour day instead. 




 Great find! 




 All French should keep their weapons on them. French citizens should be able to defend themselves, not just cops and military. 




 I know many Evangelicals that voted for Romney and would do it again. 




 Does this mean we can call them "French Fries", again? 




 [But is it a purty mouth?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVDN8yR3ig0) 




 Remi...Remind...RemindMe! 7 days 

*waves stick around like a wand*

Mine seems broken, guys.  









 I do not have the palate some of you more experienced drinkers may have. I may just not know how to understand my palate. Scotch is my favorite to drink. I am a sipper. 1-2 ounces is usually as much as I will drink in one setting. What I do know is that Oban 14 is my favorite Scotch. I love the taste. I cannot explain it the way some of you do. All I can say is I love the taste and it has been my fav Scotch for some time. I do try different types of Scotch any chance I get. I just had the Glenmorangie Nectar Dor 12 and enjoyed that very much. 




 Masons do much good for their local communities. They have earned their respect. 




 I personally have watched multiple illegal immigrants get employed using false documents. We actually uncovered a document scheme at a company I used to consult for. A legal immigrant was providing stolen documents for illegal workers. Had been doing it for 10+ years. Had provided documents to 1000s of illegals. The documents being provided got them through eVerify with no problems. This is just one company I consulted for in the past. eVerify is only as strong as the border and enforcement. The point is, if you are breaking the law you should be held accountable. Whether its knowingly hiring illegal workers or being in this country illegally. If you are here illegally then you are breaking the law. Those that are breaking the law should be punished. Secure the border, fund and push enforcement, verify legal status and deport those that are here illegally.  




 We shouldn't have protected classes at all. All classes should be equally protected under the law. 




 I am all for giving more funding to ICE and enforcement. I would like to see more deportations and raids. I do however disagree with the article that "The border security issue is, at this point, 90 to 95 percent solved," If this is so then how are millions of immigrants (almost 12 million - 800k annually) still crossing our borders? 




 All expenses paid including airfare, free jumpsuit, and all the Britney Spears music you can handle. 




 You failed to answer my question. How do you punish businesses, which majority are following all rules, when the illegal immigrants are using legitimate SS numbers that are stolen? All I got from your comment was blah blah blah blame Reagan blah blah blah Amnesty.  




 How do you punish a business when illegal immigrants are using stolen SS numbers that pass eVerify checks? You must punish the people doing the crime...the ILLEGAL immigrant. 









 Thank god! 









 Hi, Elon! 

What is your favorite cartoon?

Thanks for the AMA! 




 You can view the twitter account of the girl in the video from the link provided by /u/nickeynickey123. She is clearly responding to the video and saying that no story has been right about this. She is trying to get on the Ellen Show to set the record straight.  




 I wouldn't have called Chris Berman, *stiff*.  




 I'm here for the gangbang....of OP's mom. 




 I'm here for the rustl'n. 




 Anti-American circle jerk up in here. 




 Raging psychopaths with a hard-on for destruction and power? 




 Marco Polo 




 George Washington is the only correct answer. 




 Gulf War (90-91). *Desert Storm* 




 Be careful. Intellectual Property (IP) lawyers are not fun to deal with. Disney has the best there is. 




 [As do I, fellow patriot.](http://imgur.com/r/MURICA/X9DLci9) 









 Only about 8% of the total US population owned slaves and only about 20% of southern whites owned slaves. There were also slave owners that were black.  




 And what is the legal definition of torture in this context? 




 Funny that you left the Democrats out. Partisan, eh? 




 How much did that blessing cost? 




 Both sides were formal Military and could be distinguished on the battlefield per Geneva Conventions. Al-Qaeda terrorists do not follow the rules of the GC. Completely different scenarios...legally. 




 Hillary cannot win the general. 




 So, you fail to understand that anywhere you go, in a first world country, you will be living under American rule or Communist rule. Enjoy! 









 Just trying to understand where you think you can move that is *not* under the protection of the US Military, has a better human rights record, and was not involved in the secret rendition program. Enjoy your pick of many 3rd world countries. Just do us a favor... after you reach your new destination, and realize how great you had it in the States, do not come crawling back to the US. We don't take too kindly to traitors like you. 




 So, you will move to China? Such a beacon of democracy and human rights. 




 lol you mean your new country that is protected by the US military and also took part in the secret rendition program? Ok, then. 




 Don't let the door hit you on the way out. 



















 You do realize that Obama and Pelosi are the sole reason they can never be tried, correct? [Example](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2012/aug/31/obama-justice-department-immunity-bush-cia-torturer) 




 Not completely. Every elderly person I know has some form of private insurance on top of Medicare. If Medicare is so great, why do they need a second form of insurance? 




 [You can change which wireless network takes priority.](http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2526067) Scroll down this page until you see *Steps to change wireless network connection priority in Windows 7*.

Of course, this is all assuming you are running Windows OS. 

Edit: Link 




 They show ads for most things..that doesn't make me jump off my couch and go buy it. Why? Because I can think for myself and make my own choices in life.  




 But its reality. 




 Why do you need luck? Pay it back!  




 He did not kill himself because of money. Guaranteed.  




 You mean like losing your home, cars, life savings, and children in a divorce? I see what you are saying. Paying back a loan you signed for is much worse than losing everything you have because you married a pussy with an attitude.  




 People make mistakes. There are repercussions for mistakes. I have made mistakes in my life. You have made mistakes in your life. But those are mistakes we made. Those mistakes were based on choices we made. We must deal with the repercussions of those mistakes. Either we learn from it or we dont. Its not someone elses fault that we made the choice. We made it with our own free will. Someone else did not make that choice for us. We must own up to our own mistakes in life and learn from them. Blaming others will do nothing for us.  




 Then do not get one if you cannot afford the interest on it. 




 You should never sign anything unless you KNOW, not think, know what you are signing.  




 I am saying that if you sign a contract then be prepared to deal with the repercussions. The entire argument of the cat or knees is irrelevant as it would be illegal to write that into the contract. You are grasping at straws. People should be able to enter into any contract they want as long as it does not affect someone else directly. If I sign a contract saying that I am being loaned $100 and that contract says that the interest will be 75% if I do not pay it back on time, who is the idiot? I would never sign anything like that. There are millions of poor people. Do you know why those millions of poor people do not rob the grocery stores on a daily basis? Because there are repercussions to robbing that store. You will go to jail. Repercussions for actions. Is it cool that poor people that cannot feed their families will go to jail if they steal a loaf of bread? not cool, no. but its reality. If you make a choice there are repercussions for that choice.  




 Physical violence is illegal. Charging interest on a loan is not.  




 Again, why sign something if you do not understand what you are signing? He physically signed his name to that piece of paper. He had every opportunity to turn around and walk out. He had every opportunity to read the contract. I have no problem with people taking loans if they need the money. I do have a problem with people taking other peoples money, signing a contract to pay it back, proceed to not pay it back, and then blame the lender. The lender offers a service. If you do not want their service, do not use it. There are millions of poor people. Do you know why those millions ofpoor people do not rob the grocery stores on a daily basis? Because there are repercussions to robbing that store. You will go to jail.  




 This is just a liberal website using the death of a kid to further their anti-capitalist agenda. Sorry for your loss.  




 It says right there in the contract what the interest will be when you fail to pay the loan on time. It says right there. And this was not this kids only option.. give me a break. If he was so down on his luck and could not afford to live then he should have sold his ipad, iphone, shut off his internet, his cable tv, and just got the basics in life. He chose to use payday loans because getting rid of the other "needs", they are wants not needs, was too unbearable to think of.  




 Maybe I am... but how does that change the fact that this kid made a choice. He signed a contract know what the repercussions were of failing to follow through with his end of the contract. He made his choices. And there were repercussions for those choices. On top of that he made a selfish choice to leave his family here to deal with his death.  




 No, I grew up very poor. I was also very poor while I was in college. I lived on bologna, water, and kept my electric and water on. That was it. I did not go sign contracts I could not pay back. I scrimped by. I went without. I lived in the bottom of the barrel for most of my life. What I didnt do was take someone elses money without paying it back and then blame them for it.  




 How is it a trap if its spelled out in the contract that you sign? If you cannot afford to pay back the loan or cannot follow through with your contractual agreement, then do not sign a contract.  




 Exactly. Maybe he did not see an ad at all? Or maybe he wasnt as broke as its made out to be. Maybe he was spending his money on cable tv, internet, ipads, etc. Maybe he saw the ad on the internet. If he was so broke, he should not have had anyway to post on Facebook before his death. When I was broke I had electricity, bologna, bread, and water. That was it.  




 Who took out the loan? When you sign the loan that says they will kill your cat if you its not paid back, do not be surprised when they kill your cat. Do not sign something if you are not prepared to deal with the repercussions. 




 If you have a job there is no excuse for not feeding your kids. Turn off the cable and put down the $500 cell phone.  




 An advertisement does not force you to do anything. You still have to make the choice to purchase the product they are selling. Its not the advertisers fault you made the choice you did. They sell a product. It is your choice to buy that product or not. If you cannot afford something, do not buy it. Its very simple, actually.  




  Some borrow even when they know they wont be able to pay it back.

And that is their choice. There are repercussions to choices we make.  




 Or, you know, get a job and feed your kids. 




 Guess he should have paid it back to the terms of his contract. He knew it would do that. Its in the contract.  




 You mean you took responsibility for your own actions? How dare you! 




 Who cares what the advert says. How are they watching adverts if they cant afford to live? He made a choice. He was not forced to take that loan out. Stop blaming others for peoples personal choices in life. Nothing made him do anything. He chose to do it. I do not care what the advert said... he made the choice.  




 Have to place the blame somewhere. Personal responsibility no longer exists to these people.  




 Do you know how stressful it is using an iPhone 5s when the 6 is out? 




 How could he afford those tablets? 




 So you paid it back, learned a lesson, and didn't kill yourself over it? Glad you took responsibility for you own choice and paid it back. You kept good on your word.  




 I have been without. I would not take someone elses money on contract if I was not going to pay it back. If I needed to feed my family I would work  and earn a paycheck to feed them. How could he afford those pills he OD'd on if he could not afford food? He had Facebook... how did he have Facebook if he could not feed his family?  




 He killed himself. No one else did it for him. He did this to himself. He is responsible for his death. He made the choice to end his life.  




 iPhone 6 




 Or, you know, don't take a loan out you cannot pay back. It's very simple. Personal choices have repercussions.  




 Everyone is given the terms of the contract before they sign it. If you cannot handle the possible repercussions of the contract, do not sign it. Take responsibility for your life. Stop blaming someone else for peoples own personal mistakes. 




 Yahoo, AOL, and IRC chatrooms.... A/S/L ? *train_subject1917 has joined the room* 




 I understand. Glad this will work for you. Enjoy your day. 









 Update to 8.1. [Enable boot to desktop](http://www.pcworld.com/article/2043243/how-to-boot-to-desktop-mode-in-windows-8-1.html). Install [Classic Shell](http://www.classicshell.net/). Enjoy! 




 Hope and Change 




