 See above. :)  




 I am an author. I don't hide it, and I don't lie about it. 

Sometimes I have free giveaways. And in all honesty, they are for self promotion. Why else would an author give up his/her work for free?

Readers. Authors need readers. 

I understand the strong feelings Reddit has against advertisers, so I do my best to keep my promo's to the correct subreddits. 

Regardless, on one of my promo's a few months back I used Reddit as well as other forms of promotion (Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and pretty much any place I could post a link) and a certain Redditer didn't care for the use of a forum they seemed to take as their own personal playground. I have been following this persons comments for the last while looking for some kind of shred of decency, a glimmer of hope for the spark of humanity, but I haven't seen it. I had hoped they were having a bad day and I just happened to be the recipient of that. However, in light of their comments since my turn in their spotlight, I just don't see it.

So, they downloaded my free work, created a profile on Amazon, and promptly tried to give all my books a 1 star rating.

They got away with one. At which point a few of my readers decided they didn't want this person to get away scott free and sent out letters to Amazon asking for it to be removed.

In the end it wasn't taken down, but it was downvoted enough to no longer matter as much. But the stir created by my readers was enough to spike my book up into some higher rankings for a while, and that got me a little more notice.

So, their attempt at a personal strike, even though it hurt, (Authors do care about how people take their work. We all want to please everyone, even if it isn't possible.) turned out to be a good thing for a little while. 

My reader list spiked. I sold a few dozen more works than I normally do, and I gained a small amount of money in my bank account. Perhaps the trend will continue, even though I see the ripples fading even now. 




 You. Yes you, the redditer who claims to be "Helping". You used the information I provided for free. You struck out at me in real life and tried to sabotage my work. 

You are a prick.

But because of your actions, I have had the best two months in book sales in a long time. No, I'm not going to be famous any time soon. No I am not going to be rich. But for the next two months I have little more disposable cash in my wallet and it's partly due to your attempt at petty revenge. All because I don't agree with what you say. 

Your hipster wanna be, pot smoking, old before your time, old people watching self can try to hide in the darkness of the internet if it makes you happy.

I see you.

I know that you tried writing, and failed. I can see it in your typing, I can see it in your responses. You have an education and it shows. 

Shame you never grew up.

So again. Thanks. Your little attack had a good outcome. I hope one day you can realize how you actually did help, even though your intent was to harm. 
 




 Already is.

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compressed_air_car 




 Your camera focused on the ground really well. 




 This is Reddit. They want to hear about you but if you self promote you get down votes. Damned if you do, damned if you don't. 




 Past Jumper.

Time travel is hot right now. 




 Or Home World? 




 Perhaps Space Rogue? By Origin? 




 One of the Wing Commander series? It sounds familiar... 




 Remove outside distractions and try a change of pace to a more active read. Of course, a lot of people have this problem when reading. Frame of mind makes a big impact on how you read. 




 Why you gotta be this way? 









 I can think of a couple redditors that have a seat warming up.  




 That is an error code that your on-board computer can use to report the status of the car to you. 

It's saying that hell has frozen over. 




 This is very logical. 




 Next level funny right there! 




 Has more to do with the lighting and the camera itself.  




 Trolls and negative comments get down voted. Under normal settings with 10 down votes most comments get blocked for you. 

You can take my word the trolls are always out and if you leave them an opening , they will attack. 

If you want a sample change your settings. 




 I don't have time to go into depth, but I see you are getting few comments. So here is a quick thought after reading a short bit. 

Right of the bat, look how many words start with "f" try reading that fast...I had to untie my tounge. 

Be sure to read what you write out loud. If you are like me, and know the words by heart, read the sentences normally, but backwards. Last sentence first and so on.

You will soon find some of our errors and sentences that don't flow.

Hope this helps some. 




 Pm me...with your skills I might have something to send your way... 




 I got a WiFi keyboard for my Samsung, but I use it only when I am stuck with nothing else. Maybe it's just my big hands but I work much better on a fell size keyboard. 




 I choose to work today so I can spend more time with my kids later.


You will too. 




 Would help to know a bit more about her tastes? 

Sci-fi
Fantasy
Either of those in tastes I can help, other tastes? Let us know. 




 You can use a PC, cell phone, tablet...pretty much anything electronic these days will let you read an e-book. 




 The Event, by J. Heppner. It's a dark mash up of fantasy with a post apocalyptic twist. Definitely not for the young readers. 




 I think you should be a lot less concerned about the job of security, and more concerned about the major buildup on your cables. 

Discusting.  




 Keep reading. If writing is for you, it will happen down the road. 




 Mirror Thief, by Jamie Heppner

What happens in the world inside of a mirror? 




 I am sharing free stories on Amazon...does that count? 




 Because they are both genres that I write, and I just can't seem to get a break lately? 














 You can't make someone do something like this. Either she will, or she won't. The decision is up to her and her alone. 




 If it doesn't come back up...we will always have our memories to fall back on. 

Who am I kidding. I have the memory of a gnat! 




 Show me where to sign up! 




 http://www.amazon.com/Past-Jumper-Future-Series-ebook/dp/B005AHQQMY


Here you go.  

 




 Getting enough income from my writing to work from home and enjoy my kids childhood before they grow up. 




 Was going to down vote cause...enough already...but, can't do it. You win. 




 Future Jumper Series by Jamie Heppner. 




 Okay that does make some sense, still a very expensive way to edit. 

I am going to take it you don't have any beta readers yet. You might want to look into finding a few it will save you some time and money in the long run.

What kind of story is it? 

Did you do cover art as well?

By chance did you think of just printing it out on basic paper and handing those out?

Congrats all the same though! At least you have something in print! 




 You might want to look into Createspace...

That is very expensive for just 10 books, and you are saying it's your proof? You should have just done one book. No point in having 10 books with glaring errors in them. 

Createspace also gives a discount on proof orders so you don't have to spend so much.

Of course, there could be no errors at all, but do you really want to take the chance? 




 So, what part of this is funny? 




 Are you using an e-reader? (Assume yes on my part) send me a PM with your email address. I will send you all 3 of my works. 

Thank you for serving. No matter whos wall you choose to stand and defend. 




 And if you don't want to be naked but are still super hot, feel free to have clothes present, just put them on the floor beside you. 




 I have found that the majority of the buy-return on Amazon is due to theft. 

Of course I can't prove it. Amazon refuses to assist me in searching out the culprits, they just send back letters that say "we actively monitor all returns" aka we know, we don't care. Sadly, not much you can do about it.  




 I have found, so far, every dollar spent for advertising is a wasted dollar. Unless! It is on personal advertising. And by that I mean heading out and printing posters, setting up book signings, the things along those lines are your best bets.

After almost 4 years in self publishing I am just starting to see a monthly income of about 100 dollars. And that is with 3 full titles under my belt and a couple collections of short stories. 

In short, the more you put into your work, the more you will get out. For me, my family and personal life come before my writing, so it is taking a much longer time to build a reader base. 




 Getting it available is easy.
Getting it read is hard.

I have been on the top 100 lists a dozen times and I am an unknown name. I can create spikes in sales with a good stint of advertising, but they always fade after a couple of days. If you think of your writing as a business, that will help. 

But whatever you do, don't quit your day job. 




 Notalwaysright.com The customer is not always right... 




 You might want to look up Russell Blake. We both started writing at about the same time and he really dove into it. His model for success would work for anyone dedicated to the craft. 




 I'll get back to you on this later... 




 Upper left...don't mess with her.  




 Reposting yourself? Fail. 




 So far I have found every dollar spent on advertising my work has been a waste. I truly hope yours aren't and would love for you to update this with some numbers.

I already see you have long list of people marking it as -to read- hopefully it pays off. 




 Welcome to reddit. Where self promotion is frowned at and pictures of kittens and puppys hit the front page. 

If only I could find a kitten to fall asleep on one of my books...be right back! 




 Best to look into an e-reader. Physical books are great but you can't beat an e-reader for travel and large books. (word count) 




 Jumper series.. 

http://www.amazon.com/Worlds-Unbound-Future-Jumper-books-ebook/dp/B00HUHM2WK/ref=la_B006N2IJU2_1_9?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1395279069 sr=1-9


First book is free if you want to read a sample.
 




 Very well said. 

As it sits my numbers are so low a single theft stands out. Of course my loss of .25c isn't going to break the bank any time soon, nor will it send me into the depths of dispair. (Pit of Dispair?) 

It's more of the stance of a simple theft. Not many other areas of life allow others to simply take something and people shrug and say, ah well, perhaps others might pay me. 

Sadly the more authors that simply shrug it off and move on, will only make it harder for others to stand and say, "I'm not okay with it."

If perhaps one day if I am big enough in the literary world that I know longer notice a single theft my stance might chance. I will have to wait and see. 




 Oh, I don't go yelling and guns blazing, but every book stolen is money taken from me. And I can honestly say I have never heard, "So I stole this great book yesterday..." Or if they did tell someone and they asked "Where did you get that book from? Oh, I pirated it from..." 

Not trying to be mean, just in all honesty, I feel most people that steal work aren't likely to go tell all their friends about it. 




 Yes. And many friends have as well. Heck, Amazon practically invites it with a seven day return policy. 




 Until you have had your work stolen. It is not flattering in the least. 




 If you do happen to grab this free E-book, and feel like leaving a review, I wouldn't complain. Of course, that is only a request and by no means necessary.

Thanks for the read, and I hope you enjoy another of my giveaways.
 









 Looks like a late night of DS2 for me! I will just repost after midnight. #Noharmdone 




 And lose 8 hours and entire continent. I don't mind giving my work away now and again, but the exposure is nice. Even the negative feedback.  




 Yeah. So not funny.  




 Free promo starts at midnight, no way I will be awake at that time. How might you suggest I reach people that are. Can I set a timer on my post?  




 Is it just me or is giving away something for free getting a lot harder. ^Maybe I should start doing door to door sales...^Oh wait, it's free...can't sell...^Damnit 




 Done. Thanks ;)  




 If you do happen to grab this free E-book, and feel like leaving a review, I wouldn't complain. Of course, that is only a request and by no means necessary.

Thanks for the read, and I hope you enjoy another of my giveaways.
 









 And since I just noticed that, I will leave the CORRECT link in the comments. #Sigh 
 




 If you do happen to grab this free E-book, and feel like leaving a review, I wouldn't complain. Of course, that is only a request and by no means necessary. 


Thanks for the read, and I hope you enjoy another of my giveaways.  




 I will do everything he asks, because it's easy to see, he was a great man. 




 Or do they just want you to think it was abandoned... 




 Mirror Thief. It's an easy read with a great story line. What would you do if you could enter the world inside of a reflection? 




 Since you asked, of course!

http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_ss_c_0_13?url=search-alias%3Dstripbooks field-keywords=jamie+heppner sprefix=jamie+heppner%2Caps%2C455 




 With luck it might be around summer time. Till then, I have other works available now ;) 
(Shameless plug inserted)^Sorry  




 That might have been implied... 




 Sadly, they are multiple files for the complete collection. So...unless I made more than one post, confusing more people, and getting even more down-votes, I am stuck with linking to the main list. When I have a single book available for free, I am sure to post it directly.

Thanks!  




 Fire Jumper...cept it's a girl. 




 Nasa used it and left it in the depths of space, but it's coming back and it's still alive. 




 Having to promote myself for almost no return. My books get great reviews, I have new ones every year but I just can't break the ice and get to the point where I can write more than I promote. 




 Sure, just give me a few minutes... 




 Because you have self published, your work must be crap and full of mistyped words? 

I resemble that remark! 




 I love the .ca being a Canadian myself. What is your stance on previously e-pubbed works?  









 It's a glitch on amazons side. They told me they will look at it on monday...helpfull...so if you wait til tomorrow the collection should be available. Sorry. 




 Some readers are reporting the don't see the first four collection coming up as free, if you don't please look again tomorrow as the promo continues then. 




 Thanks! I understand reader taste all to well, I am a reader to after all. They are my earliest works so I hope you enjoy them. 




 Is she interested in a gig in translations? Mit dansk er rusten... 




 Also...the promo was split between Sat and Sunday on Amazons side, so it might be a glitch in the program. If you wait until Sunday the next promo kicks in and it should work that way.  




 They are saying....grab my free books! O_o  




 Please refresh your browser, it's up as free on my end and people are downloading it as a promo. If you still can't get it to work let ke know in a PM and I will email you a PDF. 




 Yep, we are going for another rip off. Thank you to everyone that grabbed my work last time, you helped me reach #1 and #2 spots on Amazons free sections last time.

If you already grabbed any of my work, thank you again, and nice to see you back! Perhaps you could take a minute to share this link with another site or two. Maybe a cross post? Or a FB share?


Asking too much? Probably...but sometimes it doesn't hurt to ask! 

Either way. Thank you again for the downloads and I hope you enjoy my story!  









 I haven't read the last one yet, the first were so dark, but good...how is it without too many spoilers please? 




 Bitch... 




 You are very welcome. Glad to be here for you. Just remember, a 40+ year olds advice. The shit that seems so terrible today won't even be a memory 20 years from now. Get out and try something new.

You say hi to someone and they blow you off? You are already better off because they aren't worth it if they don't even know how to be nice to a stranger.

Life is short enough, no point wasting it on the small stuff.

You need me, let me know, usually on reddit at least once a day. 




 Don't have to be in a band to be a drummer!

I don't know how many people I have known that just play an instrument to play it. If you have the equipment, slap on some headphones, crank up a tune you like and start drumming.

If you aren't happy with the 'you' that you are, it might be time for something new. Step out of your comfort zone once in a while, and don't be afraid to fail. Actually, some of the best times I have had are when I was epically failing at something.

In the end the sun will come up in the east and go down in the west and you will have another chance to try something else. Even if you aren't any good at it. 




 Depends on your hobbies? What do you do that makes you happy? 
Confidence? Well, that comes with time. I am almost 41 and some days I still don't have it. Other days I do. 
It has a lot to do with your own perception of yourself.

I have had people tell me that they are terrified of me, only because of how I look. I don't think of myself as terrifying but that's just a perception others have. People that really know me know how kind hearted I can be. 




 You are working for money now to improve your life. I don't know how old you are but I am guessing still under 20. You are just starting out. When you get into that new job you will meet new people, make new friends and form new relationships.
Life is just starting to get interesting, and you are in control of your future. Make it a good one and I would be happy to live vicariously through you.  




 The floor is so clean you can eat off of it!  




 English would be a touch more helpful, but I got the idea. 




 The Event by Jamie Heppner, scifi fantasy with a post apocalyptic twist on the norm. It will evoke some emotions for sure. 




 The Event - by Jamie Heppner. Entire book written with that as the underlying theme. 




 I have something for you to read. You should be able to read it without word. Need that email address when you are ready.  




 You need a home copy of word...seriously. Set it up to save to dropbox if you are worried. But things will go better for you with word.  




 Okay I am starting with word for now. You might not see anything until you get back to work, but I will leave comments inside the file. If you wish, you can hit me with your email addy. I should have something for you to look at in the first couple pages.  




 Do you write with Word? If I send you a file that has track changes enabled would you be able to see it?  




