




 9.87 McChickens. 




 ITT: BritianUS 




 Budapest by George Ezra 




 Avengers just for Scarlett Johansson 




 It looks like he was planking you.
 




 Watch the time go right out the window 




 Pretty much the same thing as endless knowledge :D 









 You're right! This is the only comment on this thread. 




 I thought of that Naruto Opening song 




 That game is impossible. Cr1TiKaL (penguinz0) did a video on it a while back. I'm not sure if you have seen it but if you haven't you should definitely watch it. It's one of the most hilarious videos I've ever seen on youtube. 




 Congratulations! I'm sure your relationship will be longlasting! :) 




 Family included. Sorry buddy :( 









 I AGREE WITH YOU SO MUCH!! I'm thinking.. why doesn't anyone at least attempt to help Dyrus? Obviously the "leaving Dyrus to die" strategy that somehow worked for them back in the NA LCS isn't working anymore. Santorin should at least go top once early on or try to set up a countergank, knowing that the enemy junglers will take advantage of Dyrus and try to gank him early on. Bjergsen can roam more as well. 




 4 five me 




 That DBQ was god awful. Out of all topics why did they have to give us that one!!! 




 AHQ actually beat Fnatic!! 




 definitely. I don't even know how many times I've spelt it wrong. 




 Yeah but blue balls are no joke dude :( 




 AP Testing. Seriously, it's the only thing worse than SATs during your Junior year in high school. 




 America would be able to put up a good fight but there is no way they can win. Lets say it's just Russia and China against the U.S, the U.S would probably still lose. Even though we have one of the most advanced military, that won't mean shit when you have the rest of the world against you. 




 That's horrible! It's surprising how much kids can change. I used to know a few kids back in elementary school who were the sweetest kids I've ever met, I'm not sure what happened but they became major douchebags and constantly got into trouble. However, the opposite is also true. I knew some kids who I considered "bullies" in elementary school who actually became some of my closest friends! 




 Whoops that went over my head. I loved Ef but the last time I saw it was close to 3 years ago so I forgot a lot of stuff. All I remember was that I loved it at the time. The drama was pretty nice too. 




 In ef: Tale of Memories, I think someone was staying in Australia. I forgot the character's name, it's been a while since I've last seen it. 




 I'm planning on studying for the AP Psychology Test that I'll have to take tomorrow but I'll probably be spending most of my time on Hearthstone or League of Legends. 




 Or you could become a super villain and try to take over the world... Just sayin 




 Despite how much schools stress the importance of reporting bullying, a lot of people still don't act on it. There was a kid in my gym class in high school, he was a little weird and he acted like a 5th grader even though we were in high school. Of course, everyone picked on him and even though I felt sorry for him, I didn't do anything to help him out. Obviously as a result of this, he became isolated from the rest of the kids. He was constantly writing in his notepad during gym class. Apparently one day another student read his notepad and it was filled with death threats and comments about how he wants to shoot up to school. The kid reported it to the teacher and he got expelled. It's a really unfortunate situation but I still feel bad for the kid. If everyone wasn't so mean to him, maybe he wouldn't have felt that way. 




 Semi-Charmed Life by Third Eye Blind 




 Occassionally when I'm bored I like to read up on profiles of serial killers. I, for some strange reason, find psychopaths or sociopaths fascinating. 




 Nice try OP 




 What a waste of a watermelon :( 




 RIP your inbox 




 Stuff like this doesn't happen where I live :( 




 **GOOD GUYS, BAD GUYS AND EXPLOSIONS** 




 I don't think so. I never made any moves on her and we got along like any normal friend would. Just the other day we were laughing, making jokes, playing video games with each other and within 12 hours she just completely ignores me. I still don't know what I did wrong and I don't want to cause a scene by asking her. 




 I don't understand how woman can be so kind to you and within a day they do a 180 and start flipping out over everything. I used to have a female friend that I kinda had a crush on. She was nice to me and we shared a lot of common interests until one day she randomly, out of the blue, stopped talking to me. She would ignore me everytime I try to talk to her and I still don't know what I exactly did to her. Women are confusing... 




 Gay Marriage is a totally different issue. Incest you might be able to argue for but Polygamy is just plain wrong. Why would you want to have multiple wives or husbands? That's just being unfaithful and it goes against societal standards. 




 No. Polygamy and Incest are just immoral and I'm sure that it's not going to be legalized in the U.S. 




 I think you mean Euthanasia or Physician Assisted Suicide. 




 This wasn't really an embarrassing moment but I still cringe at the thought of it. I was biking to work a few summers ago and while going downhill I crashed into a wall and fractured my shoulder. I still remember the excruciating pain today even after the injury is gone. I think that could be said for a lot of painful injuries though. 




 Hearthstone 




 Thanks for posting this! As someone who has been in deep depression (and still in the midst of it), everything that you mentioned is true. There are times when I just feel worthless, guilty, and lonely. There are times when I want to just break down and cry. There are times when I just wanted to end it all, slowly vanish and disappear away from this world. However, despite all these challenges, it is posts like these that makes me feel better, knowing someone out there is there for me at the end of the day :) 









 New Jersey


Good: Nothing ever happens here


Bad: Nothing ever happens here 




 "lol you're bronze 5" 




 tastes like 




 A second season of Btoooom!  




 whose head 




 I love mussels!! How can you hate them? 




 ITT: *deleted* 









 I've learned to ignore those who don't understand about my depression or anxiety. It was tough at first but you get used to it for a while.  














