 -Ramsay Snow 




 you should hear some of the jokes med students make in cadaver lab 




 Best episode (well, 2 part episode) in the series. STAYIN ALIVE! STAYIN ALIVE! AH. AH. AH. AH. 









 Wait wait wait. What kind of hat because if its the "foxy grandpa" then sign me up. 




 If I were you I would sell my house before selling that beautiful car. Please do not sell the car. I want to cry just thinking about it. 




 The fact that popcorn kernel husks fit perfectly between your tooth and gum is almost undeniable proof that Satan exists. 




 My dog is the same. Shell pretend to be looking at something in the distance and then out of fucking nowhere shell go in for the ninja face lick that sneaky bitch. 




 This is awesome and gross at the same time. I cringed so hard but part of me liked it. 




 I'm glad one person on here can appreciate the Germans without whining about the check engine light. 




 That's hilarious and all but don't go making jokes like that in the real world you sick fuck. 




 We got a holiday from school because of it 




 That snail though. So majestic. So triumphant. 




 Storytime. Some douche in an admittedly awesome supercharged mustang was driving around Chicago revving his engine and cutting people off and stuff so our cab driver in his Sorrento revved his engine at the stop light and then when it turned green floored it into the parking lane and overtook the mustang. The mustang guy was so pissed he parked outside the bar we were at and waited for at least 20 minutes. It was awesome. 




 We had a gas mask bong that we used to smoke in the dorms. We were not the smartest. 




 That's for space pirates dude use your common sense. 




 But wouldn't it be badass to be a lone ranger doomed to wander the moon forever? Wed sit around campfires telling stories about him and wed tell our children "don't you dare masturbate because the moon ranger is watching." 




 I had to medicate my reef tank for flatworms so I know this feel. Fucking nightmare. 




 I'm impressed that you found a way to weasel a pun in here. 




 In America, your comment would probably get downvotes because we like to compare things to ourselves and we don't like being called out on stuff. 




 Fuck your stereotypes. I happen to be an Asian Indian AND an alcoholic. 




 Why would you shoot at your own M3? 




 Except I can't help but look at the lower grill and see a scumbag goatee 




 It was a joke man 




 Wait what? I was agreeing with you. 




 Leave them how they are, let it cycle, go buy a bunch of corals, and then arrange the rocks once you have the corals in there. No way to tell what the best scape is unless you know how the corals will fit in. 




 The Stang's hood alone qualifies it as a muscle car. 




 This guy is a repost bot. Please don't upvote this. 




 This guy is a repost bot. Please don't upvote this. 




 Um no. They say "A POP POP POP POP POP PAPOW" 




 Yeah man their overalls look like bearded mouths. I clicked the link, promptly forgot the title, and was thinking "who the fuck are these supposed to look like" until I noticed the label. 




 [Me too](http://i.imgur.com/YUkTqE6.jpg) 




 I don't think I've ever painted anything with fewer than 2 drinks in me. 




 this is genius. 




 I've never even seen an Aventador. Need to go to more car events. 




 Must be awesome to have skills like that although maybe choose a different phrasing than "blew a tranny" :p 




 That carbon fiber is mesmerizing 




 Pullout game weak 




 Or if she can't tell when its in 




 A man comes and kicks you in the head until the lens falls out and is destroyed. You got lucky that time 




 Seeing as he's driving a front engine, front wheel drive v6 thats modded to look like a rear engine rear wheel drive v12, I think you're right. 




 Also I hope your username is referencing glasses jack shirt man 




 Fuck you youre not even my real mom. 




 So that's how he got those scars. 




 His expression says "Fuck this. Fuck you. Fuck everything." 




 Don't lie man. We all know you actually snapped your finger in half for that sweet sweet karma. Its ok 




 People who hate fun probably 




 Haha I will have to write this down so that I can remember it, as I am a man. 




 There's only one cure a for a bad party: beer bongs. 




 I heard he once killed a man for just LOOKIN at him. But he's right  




 If you're gonna use filters with cartridges, its better to get two small ones instead of one big one. That way you can change the media in one of them and the other one will still have all the beneficial bacteria and algae in it to support the tank until the changed one populates. At least, that's my logic 




 They said I could be whatever I wanted 




 Well this is actually an area of controversy among scientists at the moment but according to a pretty reputable study done by the new england journal of medicine, it's only gay if your balls touch. 




 That curb is too small for a goldfish. People please educate yourself before committing like this. 




 That sounds like a subreddit for butt stuff and whipped cream 




 Sorry to be that guy but is it because lawyers are dicks? 




 That was my point. Knock those bad boys out all at once. Now you're playing smart instead of playing hard. 




 At the same time 




 That house's qi is off the fucking charts bro. Off the fucking charts. 




 a slick purple Lamborghini

:| 




 It would be a lot cooler if it had a v12 in the back and was a Lamborghini murcielago 




 I dunno man i think she hit her peak on the cover of "let go"  




 Stift 




 Is this supposed to be a gif? I don't understand this at all. 




 I think you mean ski resorts in general. 




 Showin off those hairy legs 




 Is your home the street by any chance? 




 topless too? Better mark this NSFW 




 I once did an experiment keeping hippo tangs both in and out of water. All the ones out of the water died. All the ones in the water died too. Results were inconclusive. 




 Well if you wanted honesty thats all you had to saaaay 




 Gallowboob is pretty active in his psbattle posts. Definitely a real person. 




 The only reason they are unsafe as far as i know is because they bulldoze frags and knock everything over. He's probably small enough to keep for now 




 Its a default sub and its gallowboob karmawhoring. It never had a chance. 




 you really need a sump on that bucket 




 Classic Hunter Beckham 




 I personally wouldnt keep a percula in anything less than 30 and an ocellaris in anything less than 20. Not sure about the other species. 




 Yeah but another advantage of the fine tip is they last forever 




 Did you at least eat it? 




 Pilot G2 0.38s are my shit. The ink is opaque and really dark but it is 100% predictable and with the fine tip you can get really fine cross hatches 




 Oh my god this CD. There was also that one about misty being in love with ash 




 My undergrad is apparently building a car vending machine where an elevator takes your car and parks it for you. Shits already a reality man. 




 Your comment makes me want to go play arid heights and jus tturn the entire park into one giant tangled rollercoaster. I wonder if there was a length limit in that game. 




 Classic Oprah 




 OP your link is busted. Its taking me to a black and white image of a girl that my mind has refused to believe is not a photograph. 




 Good lord. She is probably older than my sister. I bet other dogs travel for miles to seek her wisdom. 




 The way you present your opinions makes people dislike you even if they would have originally agreed with you. 




 Don't you dare touch Blair Witch. 




 Your dick 




 I'd grind on those hips. I'd grind on em so hard.

Wish the girl would get out of the way so I could see them. 




 I want to blast a bunch of fire through it 




 Its creepy in a different way because the owl was making aggressive sexual remarks to OP while he was trying to wash his hands. 




 I personally like to huddle by the outlet with my phone and make audible growling noises at people who get too close. 




 Ah... 




 I actually like it a lot but Id never get one unless they upped the hp 




 If you don't like it you can GIT OUT 




 So people with low IQs should not be allowed to have sex because a couple of "normal" people have deemed them "unable to consent." Got it. 




 They'll all be smashed. I see 21 dog beers on that table 




 On your marks, get set, science! 




 Make sure you bring moisturizer. Hell is hell on your complexion. 




 I don't understand why the other one reacted that way. How did she know what happened? 




 Turns out OP had a stroke not too long ago and his bladder problems are actually from brain damage unrelated to the urchin butt. 




 You will either love it or hate it. Imagine soft cream cheese that tastes like the ocean. I think its good in a weird way. 




 Dennis really ties that show together 




 Dennis really ties that show together 




 What if you found [rotten wood](http://i.imgur.com/l5OIL3C.jpg) and used that? You could saw it into discs and then pry apart the layers by hand, pour in the opal resin, and dip the whole thing in resin 









 He's just a shitty kid. I don't think i know a single person who would be that whiney about it. 




 An apple is a type of cucumber 




 If you use RODI and run a skimmer and some chaeto in your sump, your gonis and acros will be fraggable in no time. 




 I disagree actually. It goes with his orderly disordered style.  




 Keep your eyes peeled next time youre at target or *shudder* Urban Outfitters 




 Can I blatantly repost this in 2 months and tell everyone that I made it? Awesome work man the black and white mountain goats are chilling on my lock screen right now. 




