




 As a criminal defense attorney I think this goes both ways. Whenever there is any type of forensic evidence the jurors think, because of these shows, that it is unquestionably accurate and impossible to overcome. I then have the responsibility to try to climb that mountain by poking holes in the prosecution's experts and/or providing my own experts. What ends up happening is I have to convince a bored jury, with preconceived notions, of the flaws in the methods, etc. No matter how many times a judge instructs the jury that I have no burden whenever forensic evidence is presented it is as if the burden automatically shifted. I also really hate these shows for perpetuating the myth of "legal technicalities" and for other things like if you aren't read your Miranda rights that your case is automatically dismissed. It is infuriating. 



















 I strongly disagree with you. There is a significant difference. The video is a duplication of the original. The prosecutor and police had the same ability to get a copy but did not do their due diligence. The defense attorney is not required to provide evidence to convict his client to the prosecutor. In fact, it would be malpractice to do so. Even in the murder weapon example you use the attorney would have to turn over the weapon but could not say how he came into possession of it. To not turn it over would be to hide the evidence since it is the original and only version. Here, the defense attorney never had the original, did not destroy the original, and is entitled to refuse to turn over a copy of his copy. 









 Just for future reference there is a closer prison and it is not a federal prison. The Manhattan Detention Complex, commonly referred to as [The Tombs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Tombs), is located at 125 White Street which is right next to the criminal court. 


































 While I feel your post is insulting by inferring that I am not a good lawyer, I have decided to answer you because, besides the presentation of your questions, your questions are valid. I do not at any time during my representation of client, no matter the client, want them to get any less than the best possible outcome. If at any time that I continue to represent them and I change that outlook I cannot possibly give them the best available defense because I would have to actively work against my own personal view. How can I possibly give my defense of client all I can if at the same time I want them to be convicted? I anticipate that you will claim that this is my inability to make "mental distinctions" but I think you are kidding yourself if you think anyone can under those circumstances.

You said "This does not mean that in my capacity as a defense attorney I should let my suspicion of the client's wrongdoing lead me to botch his or her defense, but were I a lawyer, my existence could be justified only on the basis that I am firmly and fully committed to the idea that justice should prevail" I strongly believe, as do most defense attorneys that I have discussed these issues with, that justice can only prevail if I fight my hardest within the boundaries of the law regardless of the circumstances. It is the role of the jury and/or judge (depending on the case and jurisdiction) to determine guilt or innocence (not guilt). To want anyone to be convicted would distort my role and usurp their roles.

You seem to be under the impression that I do not think anyone deserves prison or to be convicted. I am well aware that some of my clients got the exact punishment they deserve but that is not something I contemplate until I no longer represent them. The only judgments I make of my client while I represent them are the ones that are necessary to provide the best defense. Examples include judging the chances of a successful trial or how he/she may appear if he/she testifies or does not testify.

I would also like to point out, as you have admitted, you are not a lawyer. You cannot fully understand what it is actually like in these situations without having the personal experience. It is easy to tell me what I should or should not do without having to do it yourself. I'd love to see you look a client in the eye, someone who you were assigned to represent, someone who does not know you, does not trust you, and the public and a giant government system have already found guilty pretrial, and tell him/her that you will do everything that is within your capacity to defend them while in the back of your head you hope the justice system convicts him/her. 




 I am a criminal defense attorney. I have never wanted any of my clients to be committed no matter how guilty he/she may be and no matter how serious the crime alleged. Any attorneys that want their clients convicted should not being representing those clients. It is my job to represent my client to the best of my ability regardless of the crime alleged. Once you forget that it is time for you to retire or change practices. We are an essential part of the justice system and it is important that we uphold our clients' constitutional rights. We have incredible weights on our shoulders; the system would be an even bigger failure if we acted in any other fashion. 









