 Who watches the watchers? 




 I'm intrigued. What is this from? 




 I agree with your diagnosis of the problem, but when you make a post like this, can you please spend at least as much time proposing solution as you do illustrating the problem?  I realize this is a big departure from the the current culture of this subreddit, but without solutions and proposed actions there is absolutely no point to even illustrating the problem.  In fact, psychologically, we were better off before we knew, or when we weren't thinking about it.

I'll start: How can we stop war?  We can make war-mongering politically unfeasible by recalling/no longer electing anyone who supports war.  We can stop paying the portion of our taxes that goes to fund wars.  We can protest.  We can engage in anti-recruitment to ensure there aren't enough soldiers to engage in war. 




 You don't have to drink it.  There are great alternatives to milk and cheese that don't involved forcible-impregnation, a life of servitude, and early death. Just saying. 




 It took me a long time as a vegetarian to reluctantly accept that conclusion.  Then I discovered Daiya cheese and nutritional yeast! 




 Just go vegan. Problem solved. 




 How dare you post a comment. Downvoted. 









 No. Because robots. 




 Does the site require cookies to register? I'm blocking cookies and when I hit Create Account, nothing happens. :-/ 




 Where is the anti-semetic graffiti? 




 I call bullshit. No one has sex ever.
EDIT: lolz 




 Can someone explain in general terms how scientists track the movements of galaxies?  It really boggles the mind. 




 So the Illuminatti staffs animators on children's shows?  Or could it just be the animators having some fun? Hmmm. 




 No, no, no.  If the owner of the property is not charged with any crime, there is no justification for seizure of property whatsoever.  Moreover, we need to end the failed war on drugs and start treating drug abuse like a health issue rather than a criminal one. 




 It specifically says they must be supervised by a "trained PE teacher". 




 All children should sit still at their desks all day.  No one should be allowed to walk to school because it is too dangerous.  The only safe thing to do is completely immobilized children to avoid the risk of injury.  Nevermind childhood obesity, less exercise is what kids need! 




 Good. Please don't go. =) 




 I hope you Left No Trace. 




 Be proud of the American people and the spirit of innovation and self-sufficiency and self-determination that is the ideal of America.  Then fight like hell to save it from the plutocrats who have systemically destroyed our ideals in Orwellian fashion. 




 I'd say government has much more.  Religion has virtually no influence over my life.  One can chose to ignore it.  I can't simply ignore the governments demand that I pay taxes or abide by its myriad other laws. 




 Again, I didn't say you NEEDED religion to do that.  I already agreed with you on that point.  I just said, it can do that.

 meanwhile, everything bad you can do in the name of religion you actually need religion to do that

See my reply to your comment for my response to this argument.

It's been nice chatting. I'm going to bed now. 




 The same can be said of government. 




 I never said that.  It sometimes is. I also don't think it's universally a negative force in the world.  At it's worst it is brainwashing and violence-inducing.  At it's best, it brings people together with a knowledge that they can work together to improve the world.

Look, I'm not really a fan of organized religion.  I prefer a more fluid and personal path to spirituality.  I just don't think we should throw the baby out with the bathwater. 




 The first statement, I absolutely agree with.  Religion does not have a monopoly on morality.

#2, depends on how you parse it.  For instance, would something like the Spanish Inquisition happen without religion? Not exactly like that, no.  But people can still be zealots without being religious.  Political zealots can engage is mass murder and persecution as well, like stalinists or anti-communists for example.

It's really not possible to distill all the world's problems down to a single thing.  Or if it is, it's something more fundamental than religion, maybe like ego, or fear. 




 People don't only identify on the basis of religion.  Other example of groups people identify with: ethnicity, nationality, class, idealogy. Come on man, use your head. 




 If people don't have religious beliefs, you're right, it's impossible to manipulate them on the basis of THOSE beliefs.  But my point is that religious beliefs are not the only way that capitalists manipulate people (particularly into war.)  They also use economic imperatives, non-religious ideology, and and just plain scaremongering.  I'll give you an example of each.

Economic imperative: "We need to go in and open up those trade routes!" or "Fight this war and you get money for college."

Non-religious ideology: "We've got to stop those commies or they'll destroy freedom everywhere!"

Fear: "Saddam Hussein. WMDs. 911. Saddam Hussein. WMDs. 911. Saddam Hussein. WMDs. 911." 




 That's not true.  There are tons of ways for capatalists to manipulate people.  They mostly do it through economic circumstances. They do it through debt, they do it though media manipulation, they do it through advertisement. I think you have a single track mind. 




 So if a Jew doesn't criticize Israel, they're a Zionist, but if they do, it's an example of "Jewish Privelage".  What would a jewish person have to do to avoid your criticism?

 




 You're right fundamentalism is a huge problem, but your last statement is hyperbole.  I think you're underestimating the influence that capitalists have over when and how often we go to war.  They often use religion as a tool to manipulate people however. 




 It doesn't matter which happens more.  They are both problems that feed off of each other. 




 There are many jews who don't support the oppressive policies of the state of Israel, and many who don't even think a "Jewish State" is a good idea.  A lot of jews are frankly pissed of that Zionist assume the right to speak for them.  This why you have to make this distinction. 




 Yes it would.  Judaism can be construed as a race or a religion.  If you are anti-any-race, you are a racist.  If you are criticizing the religion itself however, that is not racist. 




 Anne Frankly, i DID NOT UNIDAN THAT COMING
 




 I bet your wife is cheating on you bro. 




 Great video series, thanks! 




 Finally I live somewhere where it's dark enough to actually see the Milky Way!  Between that and [this cool app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.stardroid hl=en) I'm learning the geography of our sky and it's exciting!  I'm looking for a telescope for under $200, either a good recommendation of one to buy or instructions on how to construct one (I know people do this.)  What are factors to consider when choosing a telescope beside magnification?  Thank you very much and I'm really looking forward to learning more and sharing with everyone here on /r/Astronomy 




 i was sitting thinking  
while the sky was sinking  
a cup of water by my side  
is this the water drinking me?  
(this is the water's cup)  
and is this rising water  
filling up with room?  
(this is the water's room)  
  

the sky still higher  
than the water's edge; i did not worry  
or hurry, took my time  
a rising tide, but time to [dredge](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dredging)  
(this is the water's sky)  
i'm just floating bye  
or is this water breathing me?  
(these are the water's lungs) 




 Isn't this basically what shamans do? Focus on image of rain, the sound of rain, the feel of rain.  And here is rain! 




 I'm shocked. *shocked!* 




 You got me. 




 You are an American Hero! I don't think you are a traitor, but someone who cares deeply about his country!  Or should I say, "her country", however you want to identify is cool with me.  My question is, what needs to be done to safeguard whistle blowers from slander and prosecution? 




 You are an American Hero! What you did was brave.  You are not a traitor but someone who really cares about his country.  Or her country. However you want to identify. 




 I managed to fix my problem.  I had to recreate my Live USB and then I reinstalled.  I did two things wrong on my first attempt to install.  I didn't make a separate /home partition (I'm not sure if this is actually necessary but folks on the irc channel said I should.)  I think the main problem was that I selected sda1 as the boot disc instead of just sda.  After I reinstalled it booted directly into Mint.  After running "sudo os-prober" and "sudo update-grub" it now gives me GRUB on boot with both Mint and Windows present. Hurray! 




 This is long, but I'm trying to give all the necessarily details to get help.  Currently I can't boot either Windows or Linux.

I had a system with Windows 8 on one partition and Linux Mint on another and GRUB booting.  At some point Linux Mint became corrupt and I decided to wipe the partition and reinstall it. I chose to install Linux Mint KDE 64 bit edition.

So I created a Live USB and boot from that and did a manual disk partition.  I deleted the partition with Linux and created two new partitions in that space.  The first 3GB as a swap partition.  The remaining space became the a partition of type ext4 and mount point "/".  I think it's device id was /dev/sda5.  I selected sda1 to be the boot partition because I think this is where GRUB was location previously (it had a size of 500MB). sda2 is the Windows partition.  The installation went ahead and now when I boot I get this:

 Grub Loading. Welcome to Grub!
error: no such partition.
Entering rescue mode...
grub rescue

My first thought was to try to repair GRUB from linux so I put the bootable usb back and.  But now when i try to boot from the usb it gives this:

 MDM could not write a new authorization entry to disk. Possibly out of diskspace.   Error: no space left no device.

I press OK and it says:

 Could not start the X server (your graphical environment) due to some internal error...

It then goes to a black screen.  Next I will try making another bootable USB on my other computer since it apparently got messed up somehow.

I also tried messing around in the grub rescue prompt but I don't really know what I'm doing there.  How should I proceed? Any help will be greatly appreciated. Thanks! 




 In that case, we need to also focus on changing that law, which is fundamentally anti-democratic. 




 Let's start a campaign to recall her and every other senator that co-sponsored this bill.  If we threw them out of office every time they proposed some shit like this, eventually it would stop.  It would also be the beginning of citizens taking power back into their own hands.  

Democracy is government FOR the people BY the people, not the self-appointed elete. We DO NOT have to take it. 




 I love you guys. 




 We can get non-corrupt people in *positions of leadership* however.  Power corrupts, but leadership inspires. 




 We need to get our activism on, like now. 




 I will campaign for this. 




 I'm just getting this eternally:

 Checking your browser before accessing popularresistance.org.
This process is automatic. Your browser will redirect to your requested content shortly.
Please allow up to 5 seconds
DDoS protection by CloudFlare 




 I would have replied:
Scientific proof is the word of God.  In my mind, these are synonymous. 




 RoboRally

Cosmic Encounters

10 Days in Africa

Diplomacy

Carcassonne

Dominion

Edit: fixed stupid spacing 




 Of course it's speculation.  Since a causal link cannot be established by a correlation study we cannot rule out either explanation. 




 *yawn* 




 Has anyone read, I Know Why the Caged Jackdaw is Not a Crow? 




 How many Californians does it take to screw in a light bulb?

We don't screw in light bulbs. We screw in hot tubs. ;-) 




 How long will it take to produce subsequent fruit? 




 Am I right to assume that it takes 3 years to START fruiting? But now that it has, it will produce new fruit much quicker than that? 




 paywall 




 [May help](http://www.apartmenttherapy.com/20-diy-green-cleaning-recipes-141129) 




 That or people who like to smoke are less likely to be violent.  Probably both. 




 It's funny how the ocean's ecosystem managed to thrive for millions of years without human intervention, but now it needs humans to step in and "protect it" in a way which is incidentally highly profitable. 




 Here's the thing. You said a "jackdaw is a crow."
Is it in the same family? Yes. No one's arguing that.
As someone who is a scientist who studies crows, I am telling you, specifically, in science, no one calls jackdaws crows. If you want to be "specific" like you said, then you shouldn't either. They're not the same thing.
If you're saying "crow family" you're referring to the taxonomic grouping of Corvidae, which includes things from nutcrackers to blue jays to ravens.
So your reasoning for calling a jackdaw a crow is because random people "call the black ones crows?" Let's get grackles and blackbirds in there, then, too.
Also, calling someone a human or an ape? It's not one or the other, that's not how taxonomy works. They're both. A jackdaw is a jackdaw and a member of the crow family. But that's not what you said. You said a jackdaw is a crow, which is not true unless you're okay with calling all members of the crow family crows, which means you'd call blue jays, ravens, and other birds crows, too. Which you said you don't.
It's okay to just admit you're wrong, you know? 









 This is bullshit - you're oversimplifying a complex situation to the point of no longer adding anything to the discussion. 




 That's interesting.  I didn't consider the object bumping into air molecules in front of it and that it would bump into less with the wind blowing in the same direction.

Is there a formula for how much force is applied to the object by the wind based on the object's current velocity, mass, and the wind speed? 




 tie em to my belt loop.  oh well, it woulda been nice. 




 Found the vegan! 




 Somebody give this man gold! 




 I like what you wrote and I welcome you to the pantheist camp!  I just don't understand what Tyson said in the video that sounded pantheistic to you.  He said the universe is trying to kill us, which is a pretty silly idea to me. 




 Are saying that if I fire a cannonball at 50mph and there is a wind speed of 10mph in the same direction, it wouldn't travel any further than it would without wind? 




 That was a good read and I agree with him mostly.  I take issue with the idea that theories which are not falsifiable don't deserve to taken seriously.  Non-falsifiable theories are simply outside the realm of science, but this doesn't make them ridiculous. 




 This one has in between options:
http://www.16personalities.com/free-personality-test 




 Wow, same also.  A trend emerges... 




 Exactly how was that talking like a pantheist? 









 RIP in peace your inbox! lol 




 All aboard the Karma Train! CHOO CHOO! 




 I'm on the verge of ordering an Extreme Q and I just had the idea to fill up some balloons and take them hiking. Has anyone tried this? How long can the vapor stay active in there? Thanks budddiees. 




 Drugs, drugs are bad, mmmmk? 




 All he'll get there is name calling and willful ignorance. 




 A lot of why marijuana is illegal in the first place is because of the risk industrial hemp posed to the oil industry. So they had to demonize/criminalize the whole thing.  Time to change things. 




 Bonding over weed is great.  I remember when I discovered my Dad toked.  It totally improved our relationship. 




 Everything does.  Milk is actually gnarly.  Try hemp milk! Goooood. 




  The majority of adoptable dogs are never brought through our doors (we refer them to local adoption groups and walk-in animal shelters). Most of the animals we house, rescue, find homes for, or put out of their misery come from miserable conditions, which often lead to successful prosecution and the banning of animal abusers from ever owning or abusing animals again. 




 As a two year old child, can confirm. 




 Why do I have you tagged as "Begin Karma Train here"?

EDIT: relavant username?

Eddit: What downunidans really?

EDIT: GOLD REALLY? What a wild ride it's been

Edddit: THat's enough internet for day.  Going to go fap to Robin Willaims the great aethiest

Edit: jackdaw? 




  I identify as both egalitarian and MRA. They are not exclusive.

Neither is feminists and egalitarian! Double standard much?  

 Yeah it does and I'll tell you why. Tell a feminist you're pro-male and they will assume you're anti-female and a woman hater/beater/rapist.

Do you not see the irony in this?  You are assuming that anyone is who feminist is anti-male.  I just can't even.. 




 Thanks! They actually wrap around the edges. 









 Can someone explain what's wrong here? I'm really new to archery. 




 I never said it was.  But it's important to remember the situational forces at work here.  Yes, at the end of the day, everyone is personally accountable for their own actions. 




 Pro-feminist does not mean anti-male. And both assertions are far from the reality. 




 [Interesting Read](http://www.john-lennon.com/whokilled.htm) 




 This is probably true.  And that's because colonialists made it impossible for them to live the tribal lifestyle they've lived for thousands of years through taking of land by force and exploiting the natural resources.  Now the animals suffer. 




  something that a certain race does.

This the the problem.  **A certain race does not collectively do anything.**  Individuals do things.  When you make collective judgements about people, this is prejudice. 




 You'll never be "right" in absolution.  Isn't it great how science always seems to reveal more questions, just when we think we're on the verge of answers? 




 Firstly, I'm glad you experience the magic of the universe. 

 How would my world be any more magical if I believed a talking bush told me to commit war crimes?

This is a total strawman.

 But I think what really sets us apart is the red pill/blue pill question: could it be that you prefer to hold wrong beliefs that are comforting rather than true beliefs that are not.

What really sets us apart is that you believe in an objective reality and I believe it is more subjective.  That ultimately comes down to a philosophical debate, because it is impossible to prove the nature of the universe to be either way.  But take a look at special relativity for an example of how reality might be different for different observers. 




