
























 Gangs of New York 




 Falling asleep at a decent time.  




 Before you orgasm. She just received two facials.  




 The days of the muckrackers.  




 South America seems to be the place for every losing party of racist regimes    




 Go on a run.  




 Every sane person would though.  




 As Good As it Gets.  




 Isn't the coast guard picked on enough? 














 Charlie don't surf 




 Sounds like a great spot for urban exploration.  




 The elections of popularity instead of the issues.  




 I moved here about 3 months ago. I've met a lot of new friends in the age group of 20-30.  I feel very welcome in El Paso compared to other cities I've visited or lived in. Trust me people who live here are a lot more friendly than your average city. I'd say go out and find a hobby. I like running so I found some running groups online. You get a hobby, there will be a community out there that shares the same interests.  





























 No ragrets, not even one letter.  














 You just get drunk enough to not feel the pain.  



















 That's what the people want  




 Drinking 




 Deep fryer 




 The weekend 









 I wouldn't consider him the most forgotten member. That's The Arabian Prince.  




 Pepsi 




 Sounds terrifying 




 They can't find an alternate word to slams in the media? 
























 Definitely, I was holding off.....not anymore.  




 Anyone notice the bobble head in the garage? 



















 Gossip Girl 




 Rodger and Jessica rabbit.  




 Awesome, thanks for the answer. Definitely helped out because I had still never found an answer besides Keogh's Lamb of God necklace.  




 Illuminate 




 They did an add on too bad company 2. A full game though would be awesome.  









 South or central America 




 The beginnings of the TSA.  




 Sloth arms so I could hang around work and sleep all day.  




 A deer ran out, I slammed on the breaks and the full cup of dip spit went all over my vehicle.  




 Floyd's dad was the chaperone 




 I need a cigarette 









 Female nudity 




 The root of why they went bankrupt 




 Ireland wouldn't have had the potato famine. Then they wouldn't have immigrated to America in large numbers. The civil war would be lost without all the volunteers. The United States would be split. It just continues.  




 Doesn't really matter if you smoke or not in Beijing, everybody's getting lung cancer with that air.  
























 Victory for the people.  




 They shouldn't be driving them if they aren't dispatched.  




 Would you fuck me? I'd fuck me.  




 See what happens when you don't PMCS.  









 Working 




 It's just frowned upon 




 Alcohol 




 Islamic law worked in favor of women one time and one time only.  
























 Shann called in napalm.  




 My friend kept asking me to try it. I stayed because unlike Facebook, Twitter ect, I can choose what what I can see on the feed. Also each subreddit is usually helpful and the subreddit itself dedicated to whatever it may be about.  
























 Leave it to GOP to take something like the Lego movie and ruin it.   




 Helper, Utah. Butch Cassidy once robbed a bank there. That's about it.  




 That would be a game to watch.  


































 Sell them something glass.  




 A car.  




 "You fell asleep between grandma's thighs again" 




 The best thing since sliced bread.  




 We can't afford free college because we're paying for more tanks the military has enough of.  


































 District of Columbia has more than Vermont and Wyoming. I'm surprised since Wyoming is always a wonderful place to visit.  




 "Could have had worse" 




 I broke my back. 
A vertebrae. 
No, spinal.  




 I remember this painting from Age of Empires 3 


































 "My mouth is still sticky from the Bachelorette party" 
"You may now kiss the bride" 




 Laughter is this best medicine for my hangover.  This cured it.  
























 Unclear if it was ever captured bothers me. Do they mean they're not sure if they captured it themselves or they don't know if someone else did? The article says they kept seeing the wolf so clearly they know what disgusted it from other wolf's. So many questions unanswered.  
























 I wish it was in seconds instead of minutes.  









 An explosion of flavor 









 "You may now kiss the bride" POOF "time to leave" 









 All the cool people get expelled from west point.  




 The snuggy, you couldn't just turn a bath robe around.  




 "As we lower the casket John has something he'd like to ask his fiancee....." 



















 How everyone complains about the government yet they don't vote, sign petitions, do protests, ect...... 




 The 




 They have people in Guinness book of world records for the stupidest shit but not this? Shame on Guinness.  




 Squid jerky 




 Justin Bieber makes terrible music.  




 Stop doing things.  









 I also am a good secret keeper. Not because I don't want to tell, but because I usually forgot what they told me.  









 I didn't except the ending to be that sad.  




 Now that's some youtube 









 Someone's going to try and dive into that just like the cartoon. At least he'll be able to pay off the hospital bill.  




 They've been doing it for years, the successful people are the first generation.  














 Seems like this is actually the key to success.  




 Mr Goodbar 




 Pepsi 




 Donnie Darko when Tears for Fears plays in the high school scene.  




 Double parking 




 An Alex Grey painting 




 Watching the boxing match.  




 Fancy sex tools 




 Sounds like a comedy sketch 




 /r/DeepIntoYoutube 



















