 http://imgur.com/bkByl9J 




 I think you just solved the homeless shelter crisis 




 3. Prize description isnt that vague if you check out our contest rules. Well be flying 5 winners to join us in celebrating National Reddit Meet-Up day in San Francisco at the top of the pyramid for what were calling a Meat-Up hence all the meat puns. Music, food, fun and free t-shirts. Seems simple.

If it wasn't vague you wouldn't have a bunch of people asking what the details were.


 If you think the cost of this is $5,075.00 then youre simply adorable and we wish you ran the big networks.

I was referring to the total cost of all the prizes listed in your contest page.

A comment is not a lead. A lead would be someone giving us their personal information and raising their hand saying that they want more info or to be contacted by us.

Good point. Looks like your cost per actual lead then is a lot higher. 

1. This isnt a PR contest. 

I know I'm right when people start arguing with me on semantics. As you've stated you sunk a lot of money into this... a lot more than the $5075... so either you're hoping to generate leads from this contest (which seems pretty expensive now based on your definition of a lead) or it's a goodwill gesture to get your company's name known.

 




 Meat apparently  




 If you're a large corporation and want to cheaply and effectively run a contest, simply purchase a low CPM Reddit ad asking for entries, and then declare that the winners will be determined by the comments with the highest upvotes.

This ensures quality entries reach the top and saves you thousands of dollars on labor as the hivemind is doing your job for you.

You effectively can crowdsource your own PR contest. 

Also, ensure that the description of the prize is as vague as possible. Make it sound exciting without promising anything specific.... This avoids you commiting to expensive prizes and allows you to get away with cramming everyone into a rented ball pit at an Oakland Best Western and calling it a grand prize party.

TLDR: You can get a few thousand underemployed college grads (that have no money to invest with you) to know your company name for roughly [$5,075.00](http://blog.transamerica.com/transamerica-san-francisco-meat-up-contest-contest-official-rules)

If 3000 Redditors take the time to comment and/or read the thread that's $1.69 a lead plus whatever you paid for the advertising. 

This isn't too bad as if just one of these neckbeards moves out of their parents basement and gets a decent STEM job you could earn all of that money back off them over a decade or so.

 




 Use whatever sli bridge came with your mobo 




 Yes but this doesn't change the odds. 









 Every grad program I've looked at all schools only required you to have taken certain classes they didn't care what your actual undergrad degree was in. yes I'm in america  




 I can't just take piecemeal math and science classes? Even med school was going to take me as long as I took their science pre reqs 




 *highest 

I've only ever lived in the midwest.

Lets say I make 50k and my cost of living is whatever. 

Now let's say I want to move somewhere that the cost of living is doubled... i.e. California.

Isn't it a far better option to live there vs a low cost of living area if my salary would also double? It seems that while all my local expenses (mortgage, gas, food) would go up... my other expenses (fancy car, big tv) would be a smaller portion of my income now since they cost the same everywhere.

Edit: if it's not a 1:1 scale from Ohio to NYC or California... is it for say Ann Arbor MI (expensive tech hub in Michigan) to Rural Kentucky? 




 I guess I'm overwhelmed as to what language to choose.

What language/school do then guys gentrifying Silicon Valley have? 




 Intj yes  




 U of Mich? 




 Why would it be looked down on? What if I accomplished impressive feats at my job? What if I worked for a well known large company? 




 I was already leaning toward this. I'm very analytical and logic based. What languages should I learn, what schools are suggested i.e. get recruited from for cushy gigs and what else should I be doing? 




 If I make 50k a year working 40 hrs a week I make more per hour of work than if I made 60k working 80 hrs a week.

So I wanted a job with the highest adjusted hourly rate 




 Actually I probably can Get into a top tier mba program based on my UGPA  but are mbas Worth anything unless you're already higher in mgmt? I have 2 years experience as a salaried office drone. 




 So if I had an mba from a top tier school along with my 2 years of salaried office experience what salary would I be looking at? 




 I was told MBA is useless without tons of experience and even then I have had many executives tell me "lol I dont have an mba" 
 




 48k. I just got a raise. My actual income is in the low 60s Because I have other sources of income that would follow me even if I want back to school but my day job is salaried at 48k.

I have room for advancement at the company I'm at but I'm trapped in a stress full position I can't stand. Also there is no clear path here to success. The job doesn't utilize my analytical talents and our dept is set up for failure. 




 The only work I enjoy is not working. Therefore I want the maximum return per time spent being bored.

I promise that even if my job was to get blowjobs while playing skyrim all day I'd get bored of it and want to play GTA V instead while getting a handjob. But if leadership insists on draugrs and deepthroat then I'm going to be unhappy at some point.

Due to my personality I will never enjoy working so I want as much as I can make Even if the job sucks... as long as it isn't downright miserable.... but even that has a price. 




 I already looked into law school. I have a decent shot at a top school but the lawyers told me I'd end up making what I do now with a lot more debt and a lot less time unless I was really lucky  




