 A lot more boring than a kinetic burglary. 




 Towards the ground yes 




 Purifying selection and genetic drift. 




 Shia Labeof 




 Recall that a sinusoid is the locus of a point on a circle as it rotates across the ground. 




 Seriously. They should pontificate about philosophy or something actually interesting. 




 Except Steven! 




 Reddit. 




 It depends. Which is to say, you should ask someone who knows your program. 




 1) Less difficult than... what? Probably not.

2) No, because decisions would be made by Feb-March for most programs. 




  Are you sure that she isn't white and gold?

Dress. 




 Okay. Well, genetically speaking, that simply isn't true. Phenotypically, it's just superficially a consequence of the fact that humans have a huge global range so we've adapted to many different environments from the hottest to coldest climates on earth, so we've quickly evolved a wide variety of phenotypes. Also, because we're humans, our brains are in part designed to recognize differences between humans especially well (people with face blindness lack this ability). We're a lot more sensitive to differences among human beings. 




 To make my statement more precise, the level of differentiation between human populations (as measured by Fst) is only around .1-.15, while certain species of deer and great apes have much higher population differentiation.

I don't know what you mean by "more variety in more factors". Edit: Another reference, http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.397.4618 rep=rep1 type=pdf
By analysis of molecular variance, almost all of the variation in humans is *within* races, with only about 4.3% between "races"--in contrast, chimpanzee races account for over 30% of molecular variation. 




 Yes, biologists and anthropologists commonly agree that race is a social construct. I would base on this on a few main observations: While genetically speaking there is actual subpopulations within genetic data, they do not necessarily map well to racial groupings. For example, African-Americans can range anywhere between very little actual African ancestry to almost entirely African ancestry, yet we don't consider African-Americans with less than 50% African ancestry and more than 50% European ancestry to be European. Instead, the social construct of the African-American race is based on superficial phenotypic observations that overrule the genetic evidence, despite the biological reality that most of these phenotypes exist as gradients, and despite the association of a dark skin phenotype with Africans even though Africans actually exhibit a wide-range of skin colors while non-Africans such as Indians and Australian Aborigines also exhibit dark skin phenotypes. Hispanics are similarly socially constructed. Admixed individuals are almost invariably associated with their minority or marginalized ancestry. Also, from a genetic standpoint, the amount of genetic variation within "races" is much more than between races; since Africa is the birth place of humanity, almost all the genetic variation that exists in human beings is a subset of African genetic variation. Human beings are actually a very homogenous species; deer and chimpanzees, for example, are more genetically distinct from each other than any random two human beings. Lastly, conceptions of race differ from place to place, and depends not only on phenotype (which are only superficial representations of biological differences) but also language, culture, religion, ethnicity, politics, and nationality, which are not biological-based at all. For example, Taiwanese may consider themselves racially differently from Mainland Chinese, despite being genetically very similar, while Ainu Japanese may want to for political reasons construe themselves as not a separate race from other Japanese peoples; while in America, we just say they're all Asian. None of these distinctions are motivated by biology. 




 Every one of your ancestors had at least one child who grew up to have their own children. Think about that for a sec, every single one of your countless ancestors was reproductively successful. Your question is equivalent to asking why your ancestors were so reproductively successful despite the fact that a lot of individuals don't have children who survive to have their own children. The organisms we see today are good at surviving (i.e. existing) because if they weren't, they wouldn't survive (i.e. exist), by definition. 




 Well, she does have future vision. 




 Garnet even says as much: "It worked." 




 ...To be fair, Ruby's voice actor also kinda looks like a boy. "Sri Lankans Keep Mistaking Charlyne Yi For A Man - CONAN on TBS": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFfKvP4vSL0 




 Hmm, at least this bow I spent two weeks on looks nice. 




 Are we still doing phrasing? 




 Either you meant you pee your bed, or you're referring to the fact that your significant other is 70% water. 




 I am that guy that likes to derail threads. 




 Sports sports sports gragh. 




 ...Burj Khalifa is taller than that... 




 Sitcoms are cheaper than cartoons. 




 Whichever fandom collects the most tears and other bodily fluids on July 13th wins. 




 Globnar Citchen Kalamity. 




 She's just really into bondage. 




 Insert sardonic response. 




 What is Star vs The Forces of Evil? As in, is it worth watching?

Also, no Bravest Warriors? 




 ...I like this interpretation. 




 Half the Cylons. 









 IIRC it ended with their sexual awakening. 




 Not to mention, mac's have much better resale value, so upgrading mac to mac is probably comparable to pc to pc in net cost. 




 Connie becomes the new salt. 




 To quote Connie from the episode Open Book: 

"So, what did you think of the ending? I thought it was a disaster. All the books leading up to this seemed to be taking on and subverting these 'witch' tropes, really self-aware about being a pastiche, you know. But in the end, none of that even mattered. Lisa and her talking falcon, rebels challenging the stifling traditions of the magical bureaucracy, I loved that. Then her falcon turns into a human and they get married? It completely dropped all the anti-authoritarian stuff and described a wedding cake for 50 pages."

Steven Universe ends in wedding cake. 




 Stevenbomb 3: Mall Cop 




 But everyone getting new costumes is indicative of a metaphorical transition to a new phase with Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl Jam album that is the best album of the 1960s era of post-modern rock-jazz afterbirth. 




 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24686939 is a good starting point, and has some good references, and also this review by Marcus Feldman and Kevin Laland on gene-culture coevolutionary theory: http://lalandlab.st-andrews.ac.uk/niche/pdf/Publication24.pdf. Look into the work of Robert Boyd and Peter Richerson on cultural evolution and their dual inheritance theory, and also Cavalli-Sforza and Marcus Feldman on gene-culture coevolutionary theory and the evolution of language. Also, the book "The Story of the Human Body" by Daniel Lieberman has some comments on how culture has affected our evolution (e.g. lactose tolerance) and our modern heath. 




 But actually, both shows can be viewed as deconstructions of the magical girl genre, so yes they have some similarities. 









 Pearl projecting her insecurities about being needed onto Garnet again. 




 Pearl projecting her insecurities about being needed onto Garnet again. 




 That was a great line. 




 That was a great line. 




 ...so I can drive it into your love's heart. 




 Pearl literally compared her self to a sheath. That's pretty flipping Freudian. 




 Meh, don't lose your head over this. 




 6/24/15: Steven Universe cancelled. 




 It was Amethyst's favorite before Greg came along. 




 Yes, that's why Toph fell off. 




 Like a pachyderm. 




 But who's the sheath? Pearl again? 




 She's... she's got a big pointy bird nose. 




 Yes, she's acutely aware. 




 Damn it Lapis, did she take all the water into the sky again? 




 I just like giant hands with hands as fingers. 




 Welp, now there's no context. 




 Don't mess with their funky flow. 




 I felt the same about the last episode. I have a hand and feet fetish. 




 I disagree that it takes itself seriously, but I agree that it isn't groundbreaking--in fact, the reason I like it is because I feel like it *recaptures* a lot of what of older cartoons did well. To me it *feels* like a 90s cartoon updated for the 2010s; it could have easily existed 15 years ago. It's humor existed in Nick and CN of the 90s, while it's serialized nature existed in more teen-oriented action cartoons of the same era. In contrast, I feel Steven Universe is a show that could only exist today; it *is* groundbreakingly modern in many respects with its themes and how it advances characters and structures plot eschewing common cartoon storytelling tropes while parodying others, (while also being a homage to 80s and 90s magical girl anime, which may be why it feels *different* from the western cartoon tradition*). Gravity Falls feels like a reboot of the best of the 90s; Steven Universe is the exemplar of the post-Adventure Time and ATLA/Korra era of cartoons.

Edit: *Now that I think about it, Steven Universe does have some (in my opinion anyways) similarities to shows like Power Puff Girls, Danny Phantom, As Told by Ginger, My Life as a Teenage Robot, Foster's Home era of cartoons. 




 90s were way better little man. 




 Same, episode 1 did nothing for me until I revisited it later. Episode 2 was when we really got an idea of the *heart* of the show and the feeling that this show is gonna be different from other shows: we get Greg's relationship with Steven, the first hints of Rose Quartz in terms of her relationship to the characters on the show, a fight that was (unlike Cookie Cat) really showed that the show isn't another monster-of-the-week show, and it does so by the juxtaposition with one of the better songs which happens to a *love* song. The moment that got me was the wonderful animation of the oscillating telephone lines under the influence of the Red Eye's gravity as Let Me Drive My Van is playing and that *lighting and color pallette*. Sucker for smooth animation. 




 The most recent *genetics* paper I could find on this question suggests that we have been monogamous with mild polygynous tendencies for a long time and so most likely HG's were also. From Labuda et al. 2010:

 Was polygyny1 (excess of breeding women) present among hominid lineages? If both women and men equally contribute to subsequent generations, then the breeding ratio, , is 1. Under skewed breeding ratio or polygamy, female-to-male meiotic contributions differ and lead to differences in the effective (breeding) population sizes, Nef and Nem, such that Nef/Nem =   1. Such differences can be inferred by studying the uniparentally transmitted markers that are independently affected by Nef and Nem. For example, a study of Y chromosome diversity 2 proposed a shift from polygyny to monogamy in the recent history of modern humans. Differences in Nef and Nem also affect effective population sizes of the X chromosome and of the autosomes, NeX and NeA, respectively. Because men carry only one X chromosome and women carry two, the ratio NeX/NeA changes as a function of  ( Figure 1). In turn, changes in NeX/NeA affect the extent of genetic drift and the relative genetic diversities of these two chromosomal systems. Therefore, comparative analyses of genetic diversity and of the extent of genetic drift between the autosomes and the X chromosome can be used to reveal differences in demographic histories, migration, and breeding patterns of females and males. Two recent analyses yielded equivocal estimates of the breeding ratio in human populations. One study suggested that polygyny (  1) was common in Africa and was further increased in non-African populations; 3 whereas another claimed the oppositethat there were more breeding men than women during the out-of-Africa migration, leading to greater than expected differentiation of the X chromosome genetic diversity among continental populations. 4 These conflicting results were attributed to the confounding effects of natural selection and demography differently affecting DNA segments and/or samples examined by the two studies or to a bias in the choice of the data set analyzed or the choice of outgroup species for calibration of evolutionary rates. 5 As we show here, there is an inherent difficulty in evaluating the breeding ratio from the genetic (mutational) diversity of the autosomes and the X chromosome, because these diversities are a complex function of both the breeding ratio and the difference in the male and female meiotic mutation rate. 6, 7 and 8 Using, toward this end, uniparentally transmitted markers can circumvent this difficulty, but it requires assumption of neutrality, and this is questionable. 9 We propose a different approach, which evaluates  on the basis of the observed differences in the population recombination rate, , of the autosomes and the X chromosome. This approach appears robust to different confounding factors. We avoid potential biases due to the choice of DNA segments, 5 because entire chromosomes are used to estimate . Because there is no need to consider different rates of mutation in male and female meioses, 7 our method does not require the choice of an outgroup species to correct for differences in these mutation rates. 3 and 4 This is important, because over long evolutionary periods separating primate lineages, both  and the male-to-female mutation rate ratio are expected to vary. Finally, we also rewrite Miyata's 7 equations to include the effect of . *Our study of HapMap populations reveals that in the history of the modern human, the average  was greater than 1 and less than 2, in agreement with conclusions of social anthropologists and paleontologists describing our species as monogamous with polygynous tendencies.* 




 Pretty basic knowledge there. 




 Reminds me of myspace. 




 Amerigay. 




 Alien space rock band silhouette. 




 No, we've seen Centipeedle's "form" in the light when she reformed. It's clear that the forced fused gem shards had 4 separate beings when it was forming. 




 1) Peridot was no where near Malachite, she should have no knowledge of what happened.

2) It's simple to de-fuse. Pearl and Amethyst have spontaneously de-fused more than once. Last time we saw Malachite, she was de-syncing. They're not "stuck" in any sense.

3) Peridot has no reason to care about Malachite. It doesn't fit any of her objectives.

4) It's been clear from the beginning that Peridot's objective is to "continue where they left off". It's also clear that "fusion experiments" makes the most sense in context with Garnet's reaction. 




  and that networks like Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon base their criteria for shows based on educational content. That's the premise of any good cartoon. 

That's a ridiculous premise. CN and Nick exist to make money, which they do by making shows that are popular to watch. No where in that suggests that these shows need to educate kids in anyway. Sure, educational shows can be used as a selling point to parents (Nick Jr., or shows like Wild Thornberries) and sure the above doesn't apply to publicaly funded PBSKids. In no way is education the primary reason for creating shows like Invader Zim or Cat Dog or Ed Edd and Eddy. You're right that these shows are marketed by networks for children, and thus are bound by restrictions of what seem appropriate for children. However both networks and show creators, because they are in fact adults, have always tried to push the envelope on what they can do on their shows, resulting in shows with adult inneundos, socially progressive themes, and subtly complex plots and character development. Restrictions motivate creative exploration. IMO, shows like Steven Universe deal with portrayals of non-traditional families, sexual exploration, and LGBT with far more maturity than standard adult fare like Game of Thrones. 




 Conversely, Steven Universe (like every cartoon) is made by adults. 




 But why. Why would you shampoo mangos Steven? 




 Especially to your sister. 




 Fair enough. 




 Was being facetious. 




 Fair enough, kinda, except that's a really low bar to not be called filler. At that point, "filler" basically only applies to non-cannon eps. 




 What you're saying doesn't disprove my point either, since I'm addressing what I quoted you said, not what you said you meant to say in your comment posted after my post. 




  And this Steven Bomb isn't special. No episodes were moved around so that these could air in order, they're simply the five episodes that would have aired had the hiatus not happened.

My objection to this is the new intro, which was timed right after Amethyst's form change, and the release of the book. 




 Er, did we not already know how they feel? It was pretty much exactly what we expected of them at this point. 




 Exactly. This episode was *just* fine. 




 Don't panic. Bring a towel. 




 Hakarl. 




 No, because Aang has already come of age. 




 ...la kill? 




 It's a reference to the real-world book "How to Win Friends and Influence People", a best-seller by Dale Carnegie. You can compare the design here: https://p.gr-assets.com/200x200/scale/books/1179108396/875983.jpg 




 "If all porkchops were perfect, we wouldn't have hotdogs." 




 Better than when Toph grew that sixth finger. 




 It's kinda like sucking on a pacifier. 




 Really only 13 hours and 15 minutes after rewatching the previous episodes from the week. 




 Really only 23 hours and 45 minutes. 




 This. This is why you don't take Steven's gem out of his belly button. 




 I can't believe Connie was Amon *this whole time*. 




 Ensmallment surgery, you mean. 




 mediocre. 




  I ignored the example because the Hymenoptera are haplo-diplo, and I buy that as a good reason for eusociality.

Hamilton's haplodiploidy hypothesis for eusociality is not widely believed by evolutionary and sociobiologists, and has been since the 70s and 80s. See papers mentioned in review by Queller and Strassmann 1998, quoted here:

 However, many now think that despite its early promise, the haplo- diploid hypothesis has not aged particularly well (Evans 1977, Anders- son 1984, Strassmann and Queller 1989, Alexander et al. 1991, Seger 1991). The haplodiploid advantage turns out not to be so simple. Be- cause the high relatedness to sisters (r = 0.75) is balanced by low related- ness to brothers (r = 0.25), workers gain by rearing siblings instead of offspring only if workers lay the male eggs or if workers can concentrate on raising sisters while males are produced by solitary females (Trivers and Hare 1976, Seger 1983, Grafen 1986, Godfray and Grafen 1988). These conditions often do not apply, at least in contemporary species. Moreover, relatedness among fe- males is often well below the full- sister value of 0.75, due to multiple egg layers or multiple mates (Crozier and Pamilo 1996).

Alternative explanations based on monogamy, inbreeding (both inclusive fitness explanations), and fortress defense have proved more promising. It also doesn't explain why sweat bees exhibit both solitary and eusocial populations.

 but I don't think we see the gradient of sociality in termites

Sure, but that's in extant termite species, which says nothing about extinct related lineages.

 And even if we do, we still have to somehow explain thousands to hundreds of thousands of reproductively dead individuals in the eusocial termites who for some reason naver cheat. I don't think even inclusive fitness can save that one.

Relatedness is high due to monogamy in termites (Boomsma 2009). Lowered relatedness correlates with higher mortality in termites (Hartke and Rosengaus 2013). 




 ...which has evolved more than once. There's also a gradient of social forms, from solitary, to communal, to quasisocial, to eusocial. And you've ignored my example, where there are species of sweat bees where different populations within the same species can be either solitary or eusocial. That is, variation from solitary to eusociality can be exhibited at *sub-species* levels. 




 Kind of? Long-term evolution only happens through genotype. But the way genotype evolve due to natural selection is due to fitness, which is fundamentally an interaction between phenotype and environment. Epigenetics changes the relationship between genotype and phenotype. Epigenetic changes are also known to hereditary, albeit only for a few generations. So epigenetic changes are evolutionary changes only in the indirect sense that affects how genotypes evolve. 




 Microevolution (i.e. population genetics) deals with processes and patterns of evolution at the population level, i.e. sub-species level. Macroevolution deals with processes and patterns of evolution at the level of species and higher. For the most part, the only difference is a matter of scale. The fundamental processes of microevolution (i.e. selection, drift, migration, and mutations/recombination) also affect macroevolution, though macroevolution also deals with many processes that aren't usually within the purview of microevolution, including polyploidy, gene duplication, retroviruses, mechanisms of reproductive isolation, species-species interactions, niche construction, ontogeny, allopatry, hybridization, etc., though there is a lot of overlap. 




 Eusociality is not *that* giant of a thing. There are species of sweat bees where populations can be either solitary or eusocial depending on their location *within the same species*. Also, your use of "macroevolution" is not the way evo biologists use it, which is simply to describe any evolutionary changes at the level of species and higher. 




 Except that microevolution and macroevolution are terms used by evolutionary biologists to distinguish between two different scale of phenomena. Look at almost any evolutionary biologist's lab page who works primarily on speciation mechanisms vs any evolutionary biologist who works primarily on population genetics, and you'll likely see the terms "macroevolution" and "microevolution". The distinction wasn't created by religious nuts, it was appropriated from the scientific community and twisted to promote an agenda contrary to what it was originally intended. 




 Natural selection is the process by which populations gain information about their environment, that is, it transfer information about the environment into stored information in the form of population genetic data. Citations: Adami et al. 2000, Frank 2008. 




 Well, for example, when the sky is cloudy, you can't use telescopes to study the stars, for the obvious reason that clouds are blocking them. However, the stars in the water are not blocked, so even when it's cloudy, we can study them with our high powered telescopes. The other reason is that telescopes on land tend to rust due to the rain. 




 You should go to bed. Good night sweet prince. 




  However, for a trait to become common among a species it has to have some kind of advantage in terms of reproduction and survival.

This is false. Drift (stochastic effects) can, with some small but nonzero probability, increase the frequency of neutral and even deleterious variants to fixation in the population. As the other poster mentioned, modern medicine removes the selective effects of what would otherwise be deleterious or beneficial variants, and there are a lot more ways to be deleterious than beneficial. 




 It's really exciting cutting edge research. Few have ever studied the stars underneath the ocean before. 




 Well none of them die between now and then.

Yes. 




 You know how when the water is very clear and you can see the stars in the water? We study those with high powered telescopes placed under the water. 




