 Netflix wasn't built on winners.  




 Yea man...  This is kind of weird..  Not trying to be rude but in a time where it's virtually impossible not to be found unless you don't want to be...  Gives me the sense that she doesn't want to be found.. 

Edit: the more I think of this...  You are really being creepy man.  You just posted a women's personal info all over the Web. You are naming two aliases of hers which shows she has tired to hide her identity. Your account history doesn't ease my stress either being an account that's new and has questionable post history. You have admitted to wrong doings you wish to amend which gives us a reason to believe that there is reason to her not talking to you.  




 Reggae concert in Tahoe...  Lots of weed. Sick music and good vibes.  Cheap only $45. 




 No just this one.  




 Sure but degrees of intolerance doesn't take away that any amount t of intolerance will cause a rift. Just risky to an unstable team 




 But Karl doesn't put up with bs and Rondo is alot of that.  I believe that's where half of this Cousins drama is coming from.  




 Karl and Rondo aren't?  




 Definitely can't take the GOAT number...  Just think all that Hollins has done for us 




 Dragic is an overpriced whiny bitch...  Sorry but I have so much dislike after the phoenix fiasco.  




 It's outside I'm sure just like harveys. No access to casino during festival but I'd pregame to save money.  Nevada is just a different beast as in different rules and shit. Idk how tolerate the cops are on weed.  Cali roots...  The cops were damn near smoking ha  




 I'm typing this from Tahoe.  I just got my tickets.  Should be fucking sick.. 

I've been to harveys event center so probably the same.  Nevada is a different beast than cali Bro.  Come her around 10am. If your smoking (your choice)  blaze up.  Doubt you can smuggle in. Worst case stuff a bad and pipe in your shoe. Play penny slots for free drinks til iration blows your top off man.  Matisyahu never comes around so I'm stoked Bro.   




 Rondo is a "me"  first player who has turned out two teams...  One better situated than us...  In less than two years.  He is gonna be costly and has no loyalty to the team. Cousins + Rondo techs are way more than we need and I doubt we will be able to keep Rondo contract down.  I don't want him here. I'd rather Lawson and that is saying alot because I'd rather neither right now... 


I really hope Rondo stays away...  If I'm crazy please help me see why you want him...  




 Trippin...  He's not starting caliber. Lawson is if we land him.  Collison is ball smart tho so will suffice for now.  




 Fuck yea man...  Danny off the bench.  Draymond  will be to much 




 Yea...  He's a fucking comedian.  




 Got em!  




 Fuck your cake day bluhd 




 You son of a bitch...  Upvote 




 This guy...  I got down voted for it but here is your upvote 




 Fuck dragic drama ass 




 WCS and trade down..  Get rid of DWILL and JT for kaminsky or dekker for shooters.  




 Chick is dumb bad ha 




 With you on this 




 U need to git da spellcheck 




 WCS is our guy for a defensive presence I  post to also draw from Cousins..  7' monster who looks nba ready.  If only we can be so lucky.  




 Again? 

Edit: I'm asking again because Vlade hasn't been responsible for messing up a draft pick...  









 This is the weirdest double vaginal penetration I have ever heard about.  




 NBA, Where it happens  









 GET YOU NUTS OUT OF OUR LADDER!  




 Keep Stauskas. Sign WCS or Mudiay.  




 Paging /u/sacup delete squadddd 




 For a speeding ticket?  I never went to any hearing.  I paid my 125 or whatever and did traffic school online to erase it for 20$... 




 Dude..  Your lamp is a naked bitch riding a centaur....  




 Well fuck...  




 TIL how to Karma where.  Thx 




 Wrong thread..  We don't care.  This shit was still funny.  




 Sac is a unique place.  Lots of stuff to do for sure.  I am a huge music lover and have been to 3 festivals last month and have 3 more in the coming up two months.  Sac gets an awesome variety of music. And relatively cheap. 

Nice parks all over.  The bike trail is a must. Old folsom, old town sacramento, old roseville and old fair oaks are just cool places to be.  Lots of craft Mico brewers with open mic nights. Alot to do if you do it with the right people. 

My girlfriend and I were in old folsom the other day.  She was shooting photography while I skated. We then caught an open mic night and spent $10. Living the dream?  Haha 




 Good points. Maybe Cousins just lost confidence in the team.  Understandable.   




 Idk about Miller.  Possibly with his relation to Karl.  We also need to be careful about setting  the bar to high for Vlade. He also is new in his position and has basically made it so all falls on him. Bad decisions happen and I don't want us getting to upset when Vlade makes a bad decision.


We have a huge upside this year and I would be surprised if we didn't make alot of moves tomorrow.  




 Personally I go out of my way to avoid Grant. So I would have to say no on having to caught his opinion of boogie. Is boogie a bad locker mate?  Maybe.  I'd be pissed off as well if I was scoring 25+ pts and grabbing 12+ rebounds.  I have voiced in here how often Cousins and Gay fight. We have a young talented squad with a young new FO. It takes sometime to settle down and get it right.  Malone was a shitty thing to do and I'm sure that perturbed Cousins but he has to be strict on a team of people who look up to him. Andre miller seemed to help calm Cousins down towards the end of the year.  




 http://www.reddit.com/r/kings/comments/3awhzz/representing_the_kings_on_the_rnba_mock_draft/

They suggested 6th pick and Landry for 12th pick and Alec burks 




 No..  No we wont 




 Now your turning me on 




 This.  How do you feel about the Milwaukee Burks trade we had for mock draft on /r/nba?  




 It's been 2 solid days of spamming/circlejerking about a Cousins trade.  /r/kings has great people who have great insight into things like the draft coming up tomorrow.  Let's be constructive rather than doing trade machines for Cousins.  




 I'm not saying we wouldn't trade him.  I'm saying we are not trading him. Karls statement was taken out of context in April.  He was merely saying we are always looking for opportunities to get better. That is how I took it.  No man above the law.  If a deal was to good to pass up...  It's business.  But it makes no sense trading him right now. Especially what's been reported as trade offers.  




 First of all... Fuck /r/nba which is a circlejerk to stir up drama/entertainment. Take them for what they are and don't buy into bs. 

/r/Kings know our FO better.  I truthfully believe that Vlade won't trade Cousins for multiple reasons. 

- you don't trade young superstars to risk landing young superstars. 

- you don't trade the best center in the league for pork and beans. 

- Cousins resigned because he wants to play here. 

- Shit... WE RESIGNED HIM BECAUSE WE WANT HIM! 

Karl got 3 months of play with Cousins... [We all know Demarcus is an emotional lesbian](https://youtu.be/m9zdn6E3KbE) and he may have overreacted to rumors.  He's 24. Shit happens. He wants to win and he's frustrated. 

Pete is probably leaking shit to tear apart an organization that he despises. Malone may be feeding it too.  Fagan can only capitalize off the drama. Fans are showing true colors by Making claims of "jumping ship". We went from hopes of  a playoff birth to hating the Coach all from Twitter. 


Rudy Gay and Stauskas are real pieces on the table yet no one is acknowledging this. Let's regroup.  Calm down.  Prep for the draft tomorrow.  Fuck this Lawson BS.  Fuck this Celtics Cousins circle jerk
Fuck you Isaiah. 

New arena.  New Coach.  Top pick.  All star Center. Let's get back to real basketball talk.  




 I was just being illiterate  




 Lol sorry didn't notice 




 Passenger -  scare away the dark

Bob Dylan -  times are a changin

Brett Dennen -  ain't no reason

John Lennon -  imagine

The Beatles -  Let it be

 




 Since it's in the trade machine...  It has to happen right?  




 Sign him for 5 mil 2 years 




 ... Is your wife fucking the yoga instructor?  




 W3 need dat dank Kush. Jah feelz?  It depends on dat real shit doe?  Kno Wut I'm talkin bout?  




 Wut da fuq? Y wood I post if I didn take u s3riously 




 What is thug.  Heard you waz peeping some shit to run...  Squad!  We running shit down in the H.  If you in da area lemme kno. Real tak. Find me on dat WORLDSTAR. 

NY TAKE DIS L 




 God: Freeman, Morgan.  Satan: Dafoe,  Willem 




 Because I have no understanding of why violence exists.  Why would an  omnipotent God create suffering and pain in the world? Any reason would render him not omnipotent.  A God constrained by what he *has* to do?  He could have done it any way he wanted.  




 Pretty sure that guy just shit himself.  




 Hate perpetuates hate.  




 12th pick Sam dekker or Kaminsky if available 




 As a top rebounding team in the league... We have one of the best 3 position rebounders. I believe that is huge especially since most rank him a top 7 SF.  




 In all seriousness..  Rondo can ball.  Better than Rubio and other players but he is as much as a megastar as Dwill or Josh Smith.  


Personally I don't want his bad attitude, egotistical,  fuck any team I'm on ass.  He made comments about the Kings organizations and showed how he treats team like Boston and Dallas.  That said if he signed one year 5-7 mil I'd consider it. I wouldn't give up anybody of value for him.  




 Confirmed.  Bad bitch.  




 Rondo is worth a grilled cheese and a 12 pack of Hanes socks.   




 I'm with you 




 Neighborhood confirms.  Bad bitch 




 Sources confirm...  Taylor Anderson is a bad bitch.  




 Reports are possibility is for trading for Lawson (which I think is dumb). What do you guys think about him?  




 Aight haha 









 I am just as upset. They are people too.  Just to ship them away is ridiculous.  




 [Woj] "Cousins not actually George Karls cousin.  Turmoil over family relations.  Viveks a bottom. Vlade wants out. Rudy Gay actually gay. Not that that is a bad thing"  




 You my friend...  Are a true warrior 




 Because last year was the same way...  So I wouldn't say years like you did....  




 Strongest draft in years...?  Da fuq?  




 Sam Amick had a strong point

http://www.sportsgrid.com/nba/are-the-kings-and-george-karl-getting-played-by-demarcus-cousins-agent-dan-fegan/ 




 Could it be Pete?  Trying to stir up turmoil in spite?  Could it be DMC agent in spite of Karl trying to get Cousins out? Could it be someone close to Vivek? Shit...  Could it be Cousins himself??  

I renewed another year for season tix but had I known this bs was gonna go on...  I woulda paid 60 a month for daytime cable. Where do you guys think the leaks are coming from?  




 8=====D      O:  




 I'll...  I'll take Bron...  




 I'm fucking weak 




 Gtfo 




 Hate to be that guy but I guess there's 29 other teams.  




 Fuck the Lakers...  Thanks tho...  Fuck off lakers 




 Does this mean we get MJ?  




 Yea...  I deleted bleacher report,  ESPN,  sports center app,  gametime.  Only kept reputable sources like TMZ and The Onion.  









 I honestly believe he is nba ready and will shock everybody.  




 Fucking wee man 




 Lol no.  I honestly don't k of why I was gilded but hey fuck it
 




 Glad YouTube did this.  Now I listen to music in a 3D setting 









 I'd be all over this 




 Another creative way is to give it to a family who could now get a job with  it. 

Edit:Thnx for gold 




 I was just reasoning to why I started.  You can take JT out of starting rotation after the first couple games once WCS gets acquainted.  But who knows...  Maybe the off season will be enough for WCS to jump right in.  




 I agree with JT being bench.  I just don't wanna assume that we put our rookie out immediatley and JT has had more time with boogie than Young.  




 That's fine.  Adds depth to our bench and allows Rudy and Cousins more ball. Young and Williams would for sure cost less than Lawson.  




 Williams can start over Ben easily.  But you could keep him on the bench if you please. Do you want Mclemore starting?  




 How would you guys feel about FA signs gs of these two and drafting WCS.  I still like McCallum and feel he isn't a horrible 1 and with us keeping Nik in the mix and developing maybe having a deep 1 isn't  a good idea.  


Instead we don't resign Evans and we dump Landry.  Pick up these players. 

Starting lineup

- Cousins (WCS) 

- Thompson (Cousins) 

- Gay

- Williams

- Collison

2nd string

- depends on who officially starts

- Young

- Casspi

- Mclemore

- McCallum (Stauskas) 

Bench: Dwill,  TBD. 

 




 Mudiay didn't even wanna work out for the Kings if I am not mistaken. 

Edit: https://mobile.twitter.com/News10Sean/status/612035460874043392 









 Into your eyes..  




 He can count by twos and tie his shoes...  But still doesn't get full VA benefits.  




 "who?"  




 Fuck both your fucking cake days 




 Do what this man says!  




 The hipsters will praise you if it is a women's...   




 Fuck your cake day 




 Good advice!  




 Yay I'm a dumb fuck yay 




 Introducing my patented moose skinning schematic free of charge only one time only!  Get it now while it's hot before the government takes it down. PETA doesn't want you to know this simple 3 stepped process on how to skin a moose but I have brought it just for you!!! 


Step 1: kill it

Step 2:

Step 3: skin it 









 You will upvote it if you try hard enough to laugh 









 I honestly feel that Niks potential is completely in his hands.  It all depends on Niks attitude this off season.  If he goes at it hard...  We may see a whole new Nik.  If he sags under the pressure,  he will probably be traded. I believe in Nik and I believe we will see a better improvement than Ben. 


IIt's gonna be a more important season for Ben...  Make or break.  




 That shit right here my dude.  Buy us some blow 




 Why did you post this 




 Dude has a fat fucking face.  




 Did you..?  Thanks for telling us 




 Eh..  Pepsi guy 




 Helps weed out the competition.. 




 Fasho  




 Fuck your cake day 




 Someone grab the mop 









 Yea...  It's skip tho..  We assume he doesn't know WTF he is talking about 




 You should be upvoted more  




 How cool 




 Yea...  I'm gonna guess Charles...  That this video isn't you 




 I just slapped my noodle into a sock..  Winning  




 Lower comment. 




 You're fucking trippin...  That was damn near 4 McChicken you fucking wasted on me.  




 Yes 




 Fuck gold and karma..  I seriously was taking a shit when I typed this.  




 Idk why you can't down vote without sounding like a whiny bitch 




 By posting this?  




 Shark costume perhaps... 


Edit: seriously...  WTF.. I'm so confused.  




 STFU dick Jokes! Who erected you president of proof?  




 Deliver or it never happened.  




 "Has doth not seen thy penis yet?"

" No sire,  I have yet to be acquainted with thy penis.  Is it as they speak?"

"ah...  But even better Galehaut. Thy proclaim Lancelot to have a penis the size of a whales...  Good sire,  I tell you, Lancelot has a penis the size of the whale itself."

 




 This.  Good advice.  If you eventually look into wrestling they have tons of lotions so no chafing..  This is where I go for my gear like handcuffs and gags for those pesty crooks. 

Source: SacPD 




 Fuck small fish too...  Nemo's dumb ass put everyone's life in jeopardy! 




 Yea but where's all the big chested girls?  Swim suits?  And uncoordinated sharks?  Not buying this album... 

Edit: you guys upvote the stupidest shit

~~Edit2: obligatory insult for gilding me dumb fuck~~. 

Edit3: Was referencing a lower comment.  




 You aight ho 









