 It's Canada right? Looks like mississauga 




 It took me a year to convince my boyfriend to let me do this! Something about it is just tons of fun :) it's something we don't have so I think it just becomes curiosity mostly. 




 no i live in Canada! 




 i'm not sure, but i'm not even mad. 




 I don't drink pop but i love my morning coffee haha 




 But,  it's me :( 




 i'm half german half asian. Compared to other mixed girls i've seen on here i can barely see it in myself! 









 I've always wanted to tell this story,  because I feel like it's a way I can kind of thank him. My boyfriend and went to Niagara Falls for a weekend last summer, as a small vacation while we were out of school. We're both in university and don't have all the money in the world, and since Niagara Falls was close for us it was a quick and cheap getaway we could enjoy together. Anyways both him and I love fine dining but don't get the chance to enjoy it very often. There was a beautiful high class gourmet restaurant in town that we decided to try and we were quite excited. 

We got all dressed up and walked to the restaurant and it was beautiful. Stunning decor and lighting, and the environment was very classy and comfortable. The menu prices were in the 40's-50's for entres. Since eating out was something that we loved to do but didn't get a chance to do very often, we decided to enjoy it and splurge some money because we deserved it, but still go for the cheaper end of things. The waitress came up and asked what we would like to drink and we both decided on a beer. While we were waiting we noticed a man sitting a few tables down with us, eating dinner with a woman and a young girl that didn't appear to be his. He smiled at us and we smiled back thinking nothing of it, just a friendly gesture! 

We then each ordered an appetizer and waited for them to arrive. After the man and his date had left the waitress walked up to us very surprised looking. She told us that the man had put a 200 dollar credit on our bill and payed for our entire meal. I was shocked, we hadn't even spent that much because we couldn't have afforded it. My boyfriend and I looked at each other and I started to cry. He hadn't even know our situation and I'm not even sure why he did it, but with that trip being all we could afford that summer it meant the world to me and all I wanted was to be able to say thank you. We decided to pay it forward by leaving about 50 dollars as a tip from what he had given us. It was the least we could do in the situation. That act of kindness still means the world to me, because eating there wasn't extremely affordable to us and he made the trip so much better.

TL; DR: random stranger pays for our bill at a very expensive restaurant after he leaves, put me in tears because my boyfriend and I had to save to go to this restaurant and he payed our bill 




 thanks! :) 




 same as my boyfriend haha, his creativity goes as far as tie dying some stuff, but i don't think it's as common for guys to have costumes anyways! 









 Awhh that is such a sweet story, love to see a husband and wife post here :) what a great way to get into electronic music, it's really life changing! If you're looking for a truly life changing festival you should look into going to Electric Forest in Michigan. It's a 4-8 day camping festival and gen. admission is pretty cheap for the length of it. But its SO much dofferent than any other festival. Just some friendly advice, id suggest you take a peek :) 




 Hey no worries, I raarely get a good quality picture with anyone at raves, pics are honestly my last worry. I like the story more than anything, I always love seeing two people adopt shows and festivals together :) keep it going, there are tons more left to experience! 




 She looks like quite the blast to party with, so I dont blame you. Whatever is going on there I hope you giys always stay in touch and keep it going :) dont lose your fave rave partner! 




