
























 That is why I prefer to vote for Bernie Sanders over him any day of the week. 




 Yeah. Right now, we need not to improve relations with Israel until Isreali voters get frustrated with Bibi and run him out of office.  We did not need an Isreali neocon in that country running the show.   




 This guys needs visit the county jail for putting animals in a cruel living environment. 




 Whistleblowers are important to call abuses by both parties.  Just because one party is a liberal and agrees with your political views does not mean it has fair share or corruption and graft.  

I like Harry Reid, but this is a one comment that I disagree with him on.  







































 It is sad to see ISIS using child fighters to their dirty work.  Use of child soldiers can be in itself considered to be a war crime.  








































































































 Reminds me of the music that I danced to at the junior high dance. 










































































 Somebody has to deal justice to those guys.  They are like the Nazi; absolute scum of humanity. 




 The answer is why is somebody life worth killing over a $300 dollars pair of headphones.  I guess the real reason is envy and this shows how envy destroys a soul. 
























 Please hope the supreme court dumps these laws.  









 I hope that they spend the rest of their lives and prison and never get out. 
















































































































































 Life sentence is better.
 




 No, because I got two drunk drivings in 2012 and lost my job, I cannot go. I will be lucky to have full-time employment by then. 

Going to Burning Man again is a dream, but I just do not see it happen.  Plus the progressive in me does not like the change in Burning Man because of the plug and play camps. 



















 It is a mess believe me. 









 Americans are too strongly individualistic and competitive in nature.  For socialism to work in the US, you need to have a market-based system, but one based on spirit of cooperation and egalitarianism that rewards workers for individual efforts and teamwork efforts.  However, it has to be competive as well because that in the American DNA. 




 I prefer a market-based capitalistic system.  However, I have a very high distrust of corporations and wealthy because they do not act in the best interest of the country.  Therefore, I prefer the government to heavily regulate industry, have the power to break monopolies, and allow for unions as internal control against management abuse of the worker.  I also believe that workers should have the ability to form their collective businesses and find  a way to share a profit from it.

However, I do not prefer top-down command economy because we have many, many examples  of thosein world-history and most of them result in an authoritarian governments and inequitable distribution of resources. (which include the USSR, Cuba, Venezuela, and other countries)  The proper system is to have a market-based system where the government acts a referee to prevent industrial abuses, massive inequality, and allows workers to control the resources on their own.  However, the government should not have the ability to bail out inefficient firms or pick winners/losers in industry.  It should be a competitive, workers-based market socialism. 



























































































































































































































 He was good guy.  Remember listening to him on sports radio for years on ESPN 710 and other networks. 

























































































































































































































































 But maybe there will be no history books remaining because humans will go extinct due to climate change. 




 Edward Snowden leaks about the invasion of privacy. 









