 have you paid your dues? 




 come on man! I'll admit High Life isn't the best song, but beneath Night Vision? 




 Nothin' or double 




 May I ask what fanfic? it sounds familiar to one of my favorites. 




 OP should quit being a wussy! 




 yeah but have to realize those remakes were 2D. I can see turning [this](http://ps3maven.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/final-fantasy-iv-super-nintendo-snes-064.jpg) into [this](http://i.imgur.com/vdCcz.jpg?1), but [this](http://snackedup.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/final-fantasy-7-cloud-model-up-close.png)? With something like  FF7 which is in 3D they would have to create new character models, create all-new non-prerendered backgrounds, and new animations to match. 




 I think they should bring back the battle system from 10; It was so good I can't believe they took it out of 10-2. But make the battle party 4 people instead of 3 and set the game in a setting like IX. That's how i think Square can make a comeback. 




 My bad, I meant 15 not 14 




 why its take on the "rag-tag group of rebels fights evil empire" cliche is so special

I think it's because at the time that type story wasn't cliche yet. Besides Star Wars i can't really think of another example like it. Also at the time, and I emphasis time, this was still a new idea. It's like Citizen Kane. If you compare it to modern day movies most would say it's average. But you need to realize when it came out no one told stories in a flashback/interview way like it did, no one did make-up like it did, and no one used that style of cinematography (with it's use of deep focus lens and low-angle shots). 

In FF6 we had a large group of at least 14 main characters with their own personalities and we would switch to different parties at certain parts of the game. No one did that, at the time. 

So I'm saying If you compare it to the later entires like FF7 it's not going to like look a masterpiece. But if you dial back the clock and look at what came out before it and around it, the game is great. 




 It was goin' good in the beginning... but they had to do the drop. 




  "annoying FF7 fans" that never actually appear...

Yes they do appear and I think that's whats making people mad. Don't get me wrong I love FF7, but ever since the PS3 tech demo came out people have begging for a remake. I want a remake too, especially for the rest of the PS1 Final Fantasy's. But it's not gonna happen. Square is no longer Square Soft, it's Square Enix. And since the merger things haven't been looking up for the series. They can barely develop the games they're already working on, aka Versus 13/XV.

So yes those fans do appear. And it's not that people think the game is overrated, it's just that people are tired of hearing people beg for a remake.

*edit 1

I meant to say 'XV' not 'XIV'
 




 Thanks for the vid :). At first I wasn't too fond of Oliver but he's grown on me, especially when he took over the Daily Show over the summer. I heard he might get his own show so that's good. 




 I was hoping XV would go back to roots like IX did. IX is my favorite game in the series and that's because, like you said, final fantasy works best in a setting without ultra-futuristic technology. It can work with that setting, but not at it's best. 




 You're right there was nothing memorable. For example in most of the other Final Fantasy's we were given a, I don't know how else to say this, memorable villain. In 13 we were given fal'Cie and even after playing the game I still don't know if they're good guys, bad guys, or just guys. 









 original DragonBall or Z?  




 What did you think of the new remake? 




 Happy Cake-day! 




 Happy Birthday! 




 [Big Trouble in Little China](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HEitZ06oRY), an awesome 80's movie that's nonstop fun (seriously there's like no boring parts) 




 Growing up. I know I'm 16 and that's considered an adult in some places, but I just like being and want to stay a kid. That's why I need to become Peter Pan, so I can stay young forever :) 




 A jumped-up pantry boy, Who never knew his place :) 




 I would go out tonight, but I haven't got a stitch to wear 
 




 http://i.imgur.com/AmPUHgu.jpg?1

found this a while ago and really liked it 




 Same here :) 




 When I first read it I really liked it and I still do. But after rereading over the past couple of years I just feel really sorry for Holden. That's because if you really get down to it he's lazy and cynical to the world around him, and it's saddening knowing he lives with that mindset. That's while I don't understand why he's such an ideal. I'm not saying he's a bad character, I'm saying he shouldn't be looked at as someone you inspire to be or put on a pedestal. 




 Don't give up on skateboarding. I just started doing it the past couple of weeks and it's hella fun. 




 Holy shit! AP calc! What did you take in middle school? 




 In 7th grade during my third day of woodshop my teacher pulled me infront the class to try out one of the machines. I actually cut the line he drew pretty straight and felt pretty good. My friend said I was shaking the entire time until i sat back down.
 




 I would go out tonight, But I haven't got a stitch to wear  




 It makes you feel really good. I've always thought people exaggerated the effects but the first time I got high it was really fun. I don't get high regularly though. So if you still want to know why it's 'celebrated' so much, I don't know what else to say but try it. 




 I visited my sister in Shanghai last year and went to an Elton John concert. It wasn't that bad. 




 Well if it helps i woke up at about 4 in the afternoon, so i don't need *that* much sleep 




 Im about to go to bed. Gotta wake up in 3 hours :) 




 Lol thanks, that give my night a little boost. Now I must buzz off and do some PreCal homework :p 




