 Don't forget Paris, 1861: Tannhuser received boos and catcalls at its Paris premier because the ballet was in Act l instead of its traditional Act ll spot.    




 Das Lied von der Erde, conducted by Bruno Walter, with Charles Kullman and Kerstin Thorborg, with the Wiener Phil in 1936. I believe this was the first recording of this beautiful work: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLuXK0WDiaE 




 Yes!  Good point.  So were Musorgsky and Borodin, according to Russian music specialist Richard Taruskin. 









 I wonder if those notes that are considered mistakes aren't intentional edits from Horowitz, designed to twist the music in his own inimitable way. 




 I'm not convinced.  Comparing the photo to paintings isn't a compelling argument. Just look at all the paintings of WAM and you'll see great diversity in the way his features are represented (nose, eyes, etc.) 

Also, she would have been 78 at the time of the photo. Where is her gray hair?   









 Wasn't the Mercury recording released with faulty engineering?  I believe my copy (stored at the moment so I can't check) is entirely in the wrong keys (not Starker's fault but the engineers'.) 









 Leonore is unique among opera heroines.  How many female leads can you think of who are strong, powerful and rescue the man?  I always suspected that Fidelio was criticized because the world wasn't ready for a powerful, heroic woman like Leonore.  LvB was ahead of his time.
Among the great recordings of Fidelio: Toscanini (no dialogue but the singing is superb); Haitink with Jessye Norman.  There is a stupendous opera film of Fidelio from Hamburg with a magnificent cast: Anja Silja, Richard Cassilly, Lucia Popp, Theo Adam, Hans Sotin, Erwin Wohlfahrt, Ernst Wiemann, Leopold Ludwig (conductor), Rolf Liebermann (director). 




 ... and emphasizes his age, which doesn't occur with Biden, who is almost exactly the same age (Bernie 1941, Biden 1942).  He's in better condition than most Americans in their 50s.  He was a marathon runner, and I'd say this campaign itself is quite a marathon.  Go Bernie! 




 Did anyone see this on the front page of the news anywhere? 




