




 Have you tried Workshop? Cause I'm sure there's at least 5 remakes of Westwood for CSGO.  









 I broke ot by !songrequesting Sanic 




 Ohh the salty tears... 




 BOT Frasier has none of your shit 




 Phased

phteven 




 In higher ranks its pretty easy to take out p90 opponents with just aim, how about you fix your flair? 




 The name is too long. Also, make the color a little bit brighter and you'll have a perfect skin! :) 




 Not new.
WarOwl had this posted in the Exploit Hunters :P
Basically, it's called wallbang inconsistency as the bullet only registers going through that basket and not the other side of the wall.
 




 There's a lot of LoL players moving in to CS:GO in general.
Mainly because of big organizations and events.

 




 Will put up a video personally for you tommorow. 




 We rushed mid the first round and he missed a nade dealing 66 dmg to me.
He got banned for his goofyness, rather than griefing, so he's still kind of unlucky. 




 Pros make a decent amount of money for their living. Ranging from prize money to marketing money.
 




 He means that these two videos are not related to the one on this thread.

The one in this thread was a teamkill and it was on Nuke. 














 StatChicken 




 That's true.
The smokes in CS:GO are very bad, also including the frame drops when near them. 




 "crybabies"
Are you like, one of the pros? Do you attend in tournaments with your team and experience the pressure both from the crowd, enemy team and managers? I don't think so.
Also, I think that you don't really understand the term professional.

They get money by playing. 




 I actually wanted to look up if it's an image from Google.
Knew it wasn't original. :/  




 It's a wooden plank to make it possible to wallbang with a nice graphical touch on it.

I didn't think of any other way to make it wallbangable at the time. 




 Yes you could. Remember this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYR3b7-SThc

And this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qP80WyoTqM0 




 It would make it even better for those who like it.
I'm not fanboying De_Dust2, but it's one of the most balanced CS maps out there.  




 Oh boy, let's remove the tagging, add some aimpunch and maybe add a gun called CZ and make it overpowered, just because it's a new game, right?

You could wallbang it in every CS version. You could even wallbang it in CS:GO before the wallbanging update.
 




 8ft is enough to have a room in-between.

EDIT - It's a real picture and I recompiled the map, how do you think I made it work? 




 In 1.6 you could literally wallbang everything. I'm talking about B site only.

IIRC this was possible before the wallbang update.

EDIT: Bringing a good feature from 1.6 doesn't make it 1.6, it just makes it a better game in general.
Just like tagging. 




 It is in favor of CT side. First of all, if CT is shooting from B he has more open space to shoot from. T's are usually crowded up in tunnel, making it easier for a CT shooting through wall to get a kill.
Second of all, when the T's are guarding the bomb on B after it's planted, this spot has no weakness. You can literally watch tunnel, window and doors at the same time without too much exposure. With this feature the T's would have to rethink about camping in that spot, as it's weakness would be being sprayed down through a wall. And it's a common spot by Terrorists.

I don't see what would make it more T sided?

P.s - That spot is probably one of the most obvious ones, I'm sure everyone peeks it when entering the site as Terrorists. It wouldn't make it more T sided, it would make it harder for T's to hide after the bomb plant. 









 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=es_qzifA5e8

0:40

Uploaded at May 18.
I'm sure there are even older videos of it. 




 Sorry to tell you, but it's old.  









 I never bothered to count how long until they pass the doors. Guess I'll know now! :P 




 There have been like... 5000 topics like this?
I'm sorry. I prefer P2000, I don't know why, but I feel more comfortable spraying with it. (Fast clicking or whatever you wan't to call it.)

It has bigger magazine overall too. 




 I can already imagine dicks being drawn every time, it's sad but it's true. 




 It's not big, but it's money.
Having saved that 2.50 I could have also bought him a skin as a starter pack. :D 




 Looks like it's glitch week... The Hogwarts glitch on Mirage, now this.
I might as well as go glitch hunt too! :D 




 Why have two if you can have best of both. 




 Great, exactly one day after I purchased CS:GO gift for my friend. :| 




 Unfortunately, knowing Valve it won't :( 




 SOMEONE HOST A SERVER PLEASE! 




 I tried very hard. :-; 




 15 
"Nah, not really good"


SURE I'LL TAKE IT. I'm a lonely scrub with shitty skins here :D 




 Knifes aren't that bad though, they are priced high unlike normal weapons.
 




 This one clip looks way sketchier than Flusha's clips, at least to me.  




 Problem is, there's no manual admins. :/ 




 Reddit doesn't mind criticism/skepticism as long as your statement is constructive, backed up and you have evidence/proof whatever it may be. 




 Here, we can see a specimen of species called "idiots". He, to survive in this wild nature environment, had to resort to cheating tools... Not for long, as the glorious GabeN came from the sky to rain terror upon him. He ran, mercilessly, trying to save his inventory.. But then.. It was gone. In a blink of a second he disappeared into oblivion. He was only heard once, but only his salty tears could be heard. Justice was served, and the world was ever and happy again. 




 I can tell he's pretty good at prefiring and having those "do it but do it good" shots, he might be the right one. 
Waiting to see some new matches with him! :) 




 I've read somewhere that first signs of "anti-matter" where discovered by scientists, however, we are tad too far away from manipulating with it.
 




 Shit. I had this once.

The moment when you stare at some sort of creature you have never seen, that somehow happened to be at your doorstep. The moment where your brain is so overwhelmed that you don't know if you should scream or keep staring.
 




 It looks like a gun that my grandma would gift me ( ~  ) 




 Oh well, gotta remake the video then. 









 It's interesting to see on what design choices Valve went for remaking Train.
I usually improve at mapping by studying what makes other maps so good. 




 The next videos are going to be serious, just messing with the idea.
Unfortunately I'm getting dislike bombed, so I might as well as just stop making videos all-together.
 
























 I love the body armor they have though. 









 It would be ass to recompile all the maps though. 




 I mean, considering the graphics.

It reuses a lot of old Source props and it looks low-quality compared to other maps in general.
I mean, If they remade it with new assets but kept the scale and stuff I would love it even more. 









 I wish they would actually remake Nuke honestly. It looks very similar to Source version. 




 I'm Lithuanian too, can confirm. :P

There is an external program to block out certain regions, it's legit and it works. The only problem is that even if the region thingy would be added it still wouldn't stop Russians from playing on American servers or anywhere else.
There would still be some people who would do it for trolling. 




 You can't say it's "better". I know I will get downvoted for this, but I'd say it's a preference. I definitely enjoy CS:GO's inferno over this one, also after the slight "graphical" update Valve did. 




 http://steamcommunity.com/id/theguma
I'm a mapper,  I appreciate any gifts.

Here's my gift (WIP!!!) -
http://cloud-2.steampowered.com/ugc/32979935917407325/54B00240E6B115F2CCBA9E3BF148B274148679A9/

Try and guess. 




 But it doesn't work on 64 tick matchmaking. I also don't find myself using this technique for any kind of situation. 




