 It was more of a joke than anything, It's completely harmless. I just found it funny that the same tiny bug has been in the game for ages. 




 that little muzzle break glitch :P 
it isn't a major deal, but it'd be nice lol 









 I'm impressed you didn't fall over dead from one of the many random things that can kill you! 




 I know this trick/tactic, yet sometimes i get too excited to wait. Last winter sale banished went up for 50% off, so i bought a copy for a buddy and me, 20$. Then two days later it goes up for 75% off and i felt this strange *robbed but not robbed* emotion inside of me.  




 Here is what I noticed, so the map is about 64km^2, and there are 1500 zombies possible. So that means for every 1km area, there is ~23 zombies (1500/64). If you divide 23 by 10(10x100m=1km), that means there are ~2.3 zombies per 100m area. Therefore if you subtract 2 from 2.3, you get .3 of a zombie, which confirms BI is adding crawlers. :D





All kidding aside, if there is a possibility of 2 zombies per 100m area, and you move them to denser/more urban area rather than random nondescript woods, It's a pretty decent size in towns. 




 A good tip is to open your inventory, and then hit the desired key, works the first time everytime. 




 Playing on servers with at least 15 people. Found the AUG's in a 30+ population server, please tell me more about how I'm on low pops. 




 *mobile loot* took me a while. 




 It's like only a few months into the apocalypse. Pretty sure the stuff would look normal. 




 Heres my problem. I am ultra friendly and will ALWAYS give someone the benefit of the doubt. However my group, not so much. So when we meet someone, It's 4 of my buddies wanting to kill the guy we met, and me being the voice of reason. Normally I win because I tell my friends I WILL shoot them if they shoot somebody in cold blood. But for the most part my group is friendly, mostly due to me carrying the peace.
In any survival game, I try to be as friendly as possible. Hell, I met friendly people in that PvP fest WarZ, while I had full gear and the other people didn't.  




