 There is a big difference between liking a girl and liking her boobs 




 My dad was a stay-at-home dad, and my husband and I have decided that since I earn over double what he does, that he will be one too.

I have nothing but respect for men who make that sacrifice for their family; challenging gender roles and all that 




 OoooooOooooOoOoooOooOooOooOOOoOooOOOOOoOoOoOOoOO. Fuck yeah.

Bitch, at least try to make it believable 




 Phew! Just in time to miss the GOT season! 




 They really do! I thought my friend's tree had herpes or something when I saw them. Turns out, they are really good and totally don't taste like STD 




 Hi neighbour! 




 Dude, read the damn post then post criticism! You're playing with fire here! 




 Telling girls that the only reason boys pick on them is because they like them.

Wrong.

Boys pick on girls because they like their *reactions*. 




 Make an elephant head (or other cute animal) and sew it in the middle. Snugglers don't need to be flat! 




 That one did come up in my searches. That sounds so tasty! Is it like a custard apple? 




 They are. I had one the other day. They are waxy on the outside which leaves an odd feeling in the mouth, but the crunchiness and juiciness makes up for it. I would liken them to a Nash pear in texture and flavour.  









 I laughed it off, he laughed it off. We avoided eachother for the rest of the evening... 














 I just booked my American holiday! We plan to cram as much as we can in 3 weeks, but we organised internal flights everywhere, so hopefully we don't have tok much trouble 




 http://imgur.com/R8EMU5Z 









 This makes me wonder...you know when you see those parents chasing a laughing toddler all over the place desperately trying to catch them? I wonder if you would be able to train your child to freeze on command by constantly playing that game where you yell FREEZE! and everyone has to stop in their tracks? They would eventually get used to freezing when you yell and would do it when you are trying to catch them.  




 For flowers, I would suggest finding someone crafty to make you some if you are into that sort of thing, or even just looking into store-bought bouquets. Some quite pretty little bunches can be bought for under $10 each 




 "This one has purple in it. Purple's a fruit." 




 I would just ask for someone to bop me on the head, then wake me up when the morphine kicks in 




 Well...good for you, I guess 




 Me too. Also married with a healthy social life. 

Gotta keep up appearances though! 




 Are you sure? You aren't a murderer or anything? 




 I mean, I've *heard* of them. 




 Jokes aside, I wish Unidan was here to tell me fun biology facts about what this little guy is doin 




 Hopefully not to the one of Wendy and Tink... 




 Sorry :( 




 Did we expect a fabulous, expensive log cabin to look fabulous and expensive on the inside? Yep 




 Because human interaction confuses and frightens us 




 ["Dad? Dad wake up!"](https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-IeHhr1mq064/VSqJuKTbyCI/AAAAAAAAH68/ooj6znB9lZ8/s1600/Simba%2Bcuddling%2BMustafa.png) 




 I'm lying in bed right now with my two. They are really confused as to why I just pulled them in for a big bear hug. 




 My husband was at the Dept of Transport (aka DMV) one day when a car pulled into the carpark, swung into a spot and just kept going. The car hit the concrete barrier, went over it and got jammed up on it. The wheels were off the ground, but the driver still chucked it in reverse and floored it. Funnily enough, nothing happened. The guy got out of his car and husband said he was the tiniest, most feeble old man he had ever seen. He stood there scratching his head for a moment then went inside for help.

It turns out he was there for a renewal.

My husband didn't stick around long enough to see if the guy got it. He valued his life too much. 




 At the time she probably couldn't tell the difference. Fuck broken ankles 




 Touche. 

But then, if by commenting, someone stops commenting "shitpost" then maybe I will have made a difference and maybe it is worthwhile.

Edit: Also, looking at the votes right now, I would humbly like to point out that people do seem to agree with me 




 Looking at your history OP, you seem to make a habit of reposting, then complaining that you didn't know it was a repost.

Well, either you are new to this game and have much to learn, or you are a dirty rotten liar.

I am going to go with liar, as you just tried to claim that Reese Lightening was just adopted by you. A lie.

So! I will just pick up my pitchfork here ---E and go stand with the gathering mob 




 I don't understand why people feel the need to comment "shitpost" on stuff they don't like. 

Don't like it? Downvote it. 

Just coz you call it a shitpost doesn't make it one, and doesn't mean other people agree with you. In fact, given the amount of upvotes, I would say your opinion is in the minority. 




 My sister has copped a lot of criticism for piercing her daughters' ears but honestly, if pierced ears are the worst thing she has done to her children, then they will still have had a pretty great childhood.

It bothers me how much people object to it in our society when there are larger issues to deal with. My nieces are happy, healthy and loved; people need to quit telling her she is a bad mother. 




 Somehow mine managed to come together...even after the celebrant had a heart attack 2 days out, my husband crashed his car a week out and my bmaid of honour forgot the ring in the limo.

Mind you, I was drunk for most of it, so not much could phase me 




 Well, being both married and a woman...not really the issue :/ 




 Seeing as I am a lady and all my tackle is always in the box.....no, it doesn't 




 Fair game 




 I got that constantly this weekend. Most of them hadn't seen me since I was a baby and yet they expected me to cry out with joy at the very sight of them.

"Lady, you could have easily walked in off the street for all I know!" 




 Now he ded 




 Example: We were staying at my cousins house who I thought I knew pretty well. Turned out he had a son from a previous relationship that I never knew about and people were pissed he wasn't there.

Also, I met my Uncle's first child fr another marriage...who I never knew existed. He knew me though... 




 Lol, no...Australia. But hey, our family breeds like rabbits, so.I might have family in Maine I don't know about 




 Ugh, I always have the same job-related questions. I am one of the few to go to uni so I seem to be some kind of mythical unicorn to them that must be studied 




 Shame 




 She wanted to be a merman 









 I like how it says "Australians" as if we all did it as a collective.

We did it Australia! 




 I sorta see what you want to get across but wanting to maintain a lifestyle because you enjoy it is not the "definition" of childish. 

On the flipside, having children and changing your lifestyle does not make you an adult 




 I understand that the need to fly with children may arise, but for the love of everyone's sanity, be prepared! 

These parents had no toys, no snacks, no medicine, nothing. They spent the whole trip just shushing the kid and trying to reason with him. He looked no older than 2 




 Yeah, but I got to immediately enjoy the wine in the Airport bar during my stopover, while I watched all the parents sit in the McDonald's chairs getting fries thrown at them. 

One day I might want kids, but it is not this day! 




 What is it based on then? 




 ...nope 




 I did tell him to open the box, just not what inside. He knew 




 ...nope 




 Mmm maybe, but not on-hand. School was 9years ago now 














 Nice. I love that song/episode. 

This was my art, inspired by it:

http://i.imgur.com/6IiBHFD.jpg 




 He was my normal teacher. He was really weird though. Several times he would gush over my worst work and then completely miss the point of my best. It wasn't until a year with him that I realised I could argue my case for a better grade and he would usually change his mind. Got mostly A's after that.

But thanks. I did work hard and I was really proud of the subtle (and more obvious) symbolism I had put into it. Ohh well...luckily I never wanted to be an artist 




 I got Elsa. Blue-eyed, white haired Elsa. I have dark hair and green eyes.

So close. 




 I have just met you and I love you 




 *You're* not! 




 You heartless monster! Pick her up and snuggle her at once! 




 I am a fence-sitter also...but right now, after sitting through a 2 hour flight with someone's screaming child beside me the whole time, I am definitely on the childfree side of the fence.

It's nice here, we get wine. 




 I did an art project a lot like this in high school. The topic was Power, so I made a male torso out of metal, wood and clay, a female torso made of tissue paper and lace, and a cross. I made a box with a padlock and put it in the male's chest and hung the key around the cross. Inside the box was a bunch of stuff meant to symbolise the strength of women (pictures, quotes, etc).

It was meant to symbolise that men seemed to have power over women, but only through the power of the church.

I was so proud of my sculpture but my art teacher claimed he didn't "get it" and never even bothered opening the box or trying to understand. I got a C+.

He was Catholic. 




 My sister has 3 kids and 3 step kids, aged 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 9 so visits to her house are....noisy. Everyone either hates eachother and won't shut up or love eachother and won't calm down. I was lucky to just be on holiday with the youngest this week. I don't think I would have survived the hoarde.

But she was pretty vocal alone. Any question you asked her was answered with "No" until she realised what you were asking...and then it was a little whinge for not getting the thing she just said No to 




 But you *like* apple juice 




 Thank you. I'm glad not everyone has filth on their minds 









 He is definitely behind the 8 ball when it comes to IT. Dad often says the only thing he knows about computers is how to pay for them. You should have seen his face when we explained MP3s to him

"You mean I can get all my music on this tiny stick."

"Yes Dad."

"*All* of it?!" 









 You'd be like a walking philosophy lesson 




 Getting a tatt, huh? 




 I also posted a pic of a hermit crab...did you see that? I thought it was pretty cool... 




 Dad is just the same. He gets so excited when he finds a thing that he searches for...as if is surprises him that the internet would have it. 

"But it is a really rare bike!"

"The Internet has everything, Dad." 




 In his words "Why look at tits on a screen when I can't touch them?!" 









 I prefer it to be preceeded by "U wan sum..." 




 I'm on holiday right now and not in reception all the time, so when I finally get some and come on to find all this going down...I was confused to say the least 




 As a Transplant Scientist, I know all too well the kind of desperation that leads to stuff like this. Unfortunately, I also know all too well that it is very unlikely to work 




 Somehow he looks real pleased with himself 




 Sorry for potato 














 I'm so confused. I am on holiday and just checked in for a minute, as much as my limited reception will allow, only to find WW3 going on on the front page. Might just put my phone down and go snorkelling 




 I work in a lab that does genetic testing for coeliac. It is now the *most* requested pathology test.
 I get so mad every time I see the clinical notes and all they say are: Diarrhea, ?coeliac 




 Best part of my day! 100% recommend it to every couple. We aren't a super romantic couple but we do have that  




 My husband and I often fall asleep holding hands. I love it 




 It was very lovely. It was sugarcane country too, so as the sun was setting we got some nice views of the [cane fires](http://imgur.com/mbERXQF) 









 I have been married 4 years and with my partner for 3 more before that...always used a condom.

Babies are *not* part of our plans right now. I am on the pill too, but it isn't 100% foolproof 









 They had an empty cage from another parrot, which came in handy 









 You are all wrong.

It is a pencil with wheels 




 K 




 I know! I just imagine this adorable shamozzle of a line up where everyone is playing chasey and sniffing eachothers' butts 




 K 









 Thus making them the only two animals in the Monotreme group 




 There is one character who sounds like Barry Weiss...that douchecanoe from Storage Fisticuffs or whatever show. I can't unhear it  









 You need a better bouncy-ball related memory 




 I really don't think it is misleading. I am saying it is uncommon to hear about female vs female domestic violence.

I guess if people are feeling misled, they coild just read all these comments and know the facts 




 Geniuses, duh 




 No, I don't think I will. It is still uncommon in my society to hear about a case like this. Like I said, this was the first I had heard of a case like it...in recent news at least.

These are the kind of stats often quoted:

http://www.aic.gov.au/publications/current%20series/rip/1-10/07.html

There seems to be disagreement with numbers tho. Some say it is mostly male vs female, but others say it is about even 




 I feel it would be less subtle if they had a guy out front who punches you in the face then gives you a flyer 




 Sorry, I was not aware of those stats. In our news lately, there has been massive coverage of particularly violent domestic abuse cases (a handful of women have died recently). New measures, task groups, charities and workplace allowances seem to be springing up every day to help. To help *women* escaping their abusive *male* partners. I have not once heard mention of a female being an abuser until this article, which is why it struck me as uncommon. 




 Aand now you are on a list 




 I need to get a niece

I sure hope you mean "you need your sibling to make you a niece".

You can't just pick up a kid from the street and call them your niece. There are laws 




 I wouldn't say genius. More like pure mischief 




 Maybe 




 Off the side, to go hurtling 2 storeys down and cause pandemondium as they bounced all over the place below.

He *loves* telling me this story. 




 Here in Australia recently there has been massive talk about domestic abuse, but when they talk about the offenders they always talk about men. It is definitely portrayed as a Men vs Women issue. 




 Yeah my bad, I forgot it didn't do it for titles. I just wanted to highlight that it was a woman and she was charged with rape. Not trying to cast aspersions or anything, just an interesting piece of information 




 I would say so, yes. A lot of anger needed for that 









 Am a wife, so can say that I think honking is crucial in the success of a marriage.

A honkless marriage is a doomed marriage 




 And I like you...in a totally creepy way

 (   ) 




 My husband's favourite memory of his teens (and one he always brings up when he sees a bouncy ball) is when he went to an arcade and got 100+ of em, went to the top of the carpark and let them loose.  




 Geez, my husband won't leave me alone! I can't get changed in the mornings or afternoons without him leaping out from behind a wall and honking them.

You need to up your honking game. Make your wife *afraid* to get changed. So much so that she has to look over her shoulder every time she takes off her bra.  




 He knew his time had come and walked into the afterlife with courage, leaving the ones he loved behind to spare them the heartbreak 




 Man, that cheerleader puts our school's cheerleaders to such utter shame. Our school didn't have a football team, so we didn't need cheerleaders, but that didn't stop all the chubby uncoordinated year 8 girls from grouping together and doing shitty dances to "Blow My Whistle" in front of the whole school.

Maybe if they had of pulled of these sick moves they wouldn't have been booed so loudly 




 Do you seriously not know the difference between a metaphor and an insult?! 




 Buddhism is huge in my hometown, Eudlo. It is a tiny speck of a town but it hosts a massive temple. The Dalai Llama has even visited

http://www.chenrezig.com.au/ 




 I don't understand what not talking about the issue would achieve, except maybe closing the door on any people who might *need* to talk about it. 




 No shit it's a repost. He is trying to find his friend by making the story as visible as possible in as many subs as possible.

You are an asshat 




 That depends..are you my husband? 




 Another Redditor posted [theirs]( https://www.reddit.com/r/crochet/comments/34ocwe/im_really_loving_this_sweet_little_ice_cream_coin/) and you will find the pattern in the comments 




 Get lost nigga, you din wiin! 




 Me too. I have seen them everywhere but I haven't seen the movie.  









