 Good job. That burlapp app is junk.  




 I'll contribute by starting tonight. How many other users we need for the lead? 




 ugh, thought it was too good to be true. it wasn't my primary residence either. oh well.

thanks for the info. 




 Checks out. 




 To make it quick and hopefully easy to understand (and I REALLY appreciate any help):

1) Sold real estate in August of 2013. The sale was a part of a divorce settlement.
2) The divorce is actually finalized in 2014.

My understanding is I won't be taxed on the profits of that sale since it was a settlement (the money is ultimately going to the ex wife).

Is this correct?

Thanks again for any help.  




 If you fall I will catch you - I'll be waiting  




 Nope. 




 "movie nights" 




 Along with our draft picks! 




 No it isn't. Population isn't growing as fast, but it is not declining: http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/50000.html

This isn't much different than overall U.S. population. Younger people aren't necessarily having children like previous generations, with more people choosing not to have children: http://articles.latimes.com/2013/dec/08/nation/la-na-childless-couples-20131208

 




 Substantiate your claims. Oh wait, you can't.  




 Blow jobs help.  




 Remember to save ~3 mill for injuries during the season 




 Nice try, Dawn.  




 In many states you don't have to be married to be awarded this as long as you were together for at least a certain number of years (typically 7 I believe).

Ironically, the same number of years to be considered dead if you haven't been heard from. 




 Because you need to know the exact right moment to say "that's the epitome of a team win right there". Too early and it's chaos. 




 I hear he's organized... 




 So much feels. 




 I was high on Philbin. Now, not so much.

Total team collapse at the end of the season, and seemingly uninterested in addressing a series scandal head-on.

A year from now we'll be coach shopping since this guy can't lead. 




 Easy, answer questions now that more information is available publicly. 




 Eventually they'd just pile up. At that point the worst that could happen would be a sprained ankle. 




 You can't steal happiness. There's a hole in your heart that cannot be filled with a beer, a wallet, table, or chairs. 

Try /r/aww That might help. 




 Now, pween, didn't we talk about your aggression? 




 I/we do not wish to annoy you at all. We are happy and wish to share that with you. You do not need to accept it, nor like it. 

Enjoy the beer. Friend. 




 1. We meet at the same time and place as the Hateful Drinker's Club.
2. We sit not far from the Hateful Drinker's Club, in the same room, in sight range.
3. We smile, laugh, be jovial.
4. We raise our glasses to the Hateful.
5. We occasionally purchase a round for the Hateful Drinker's Club. 




 Ok guys, how much?  How much would it take? 




 I did too. Hurts.  




 I destroyed my marriage to a beautiful and loving woman whom i loved very much through inaction.  




 A beautiful story. I hope one day i have a relationship that powerful.  




 No. 




 The Dolphin's O-line play in 2013 looked more like a tea party than the locker room will be in 2014. 




 And he comes back from it as Martin. :) I went there. 




 And really fucking weird. 




 Made me LOL. He's probably like "WTF I do?" 




 They should have tracked down his sister to verify if she's a squirter. Because if so...then science. 




 Who the hell downvoted you! I'll restore balance.  




 Go back to your hole, pween! 




 Well enjoy your dinner! 




 Long trail? Where you from? Im in burlington.  




 I'm glad he isn't lowering his standards and commend him for it. It's his pride, and he should only deliver what is acceptable to him. 




 The way I see it, what Incognito did was stupid, what Martin did was downright devious and manipulative.

If he wanted to leave, fine. Leave but support your friend, who was trying to support you. Come out and say "Incognito is not the reason why I am leaving, he is my friend." 









 Made me actually lol. 

Off to Google! 




 She should go on a diet. 




 Some people just get it in their head that something bothers them, they just allow it to bother them, then they can't let go.
 




 The first amendment doesn't allow you to say what you want on a privately owned website. The owner of the site, tumblr, has rules and they can remove you. Removing you from tumblr does not impact your right to free speech. 




 Yes. 




 It's clear these people are so unhappy with themselves that they perceive any attempt at helping them recognize their unhappiness as a threat, and so they resort to knocking down the individual as a way of propping themselves up. 

They feel so low that they hold refuge with the idea that they are "good people", singularly attaching that to themselves as their value, but then don't see their own behavior through a realistic lens for what it is...being very rude.

I feel for them on many levels...but wake the fuck up. 




 Why does it seem like there can't be a real discussion without it quickly deteriorating with insults?

I'd really like to have a thoughtful conversation because I am legitimately interested in their philosophy and its foundations, but it's like every question to probe their thoughts is taken as an insult and so is followed by an actual insult. 




 That actually explains a bit what's going on here. 




 Happy to help. 




 Well my tweet would be "@J_Martin71 choke on a dick you fucking Jets fan."

Who's mature now, eh? WHO'S MATURE NOW? 




 Should I go darker with the paint here? Any specific color recommendations are helpful!

[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/CgcRqPE.jpg)

*Edit, more info: The kitchen opens up to the living area (where I took the photo from) which is all the same color. I'm thinking of making the kitchen a different color to help separate the space. 









 Dolphins logo is oddly appropriate. 




 Have we really gotten to the point where being fat is now a "culture"?

Silly me applies things like the arts, history, values, even economics as defining a culture. 

Can I start a "thin" culture and tell fat people not to walk in public as that's my culture?  They might like that rule. 

And does this culture lining mean as a white man I can't play basketball in public? 




 If you were married to Lauren, you wouldn't want to be upright. 




 I hear there are subliminal audiotapes he could listen to to help with that. 




 Jesus Christ. 




 2 stars. Felt that the character development was lacking and the situation wasn't very believable. 

For flash fiction the writer shows some promise and grammar aptitude, though the occasional caps lock wasn't really necessary. 

I'll give the movie version a chance. I hear Tom Hanks will play the doctor, I like him.  




 I say a waste of cap space. Move him on and let's improve the o-line. 




 Everything is just sensationalized in the media. Stories are either made up, or twisted to look far worse than the truth to get people to read and react. 




 Absolutely! 




 I call top! 




 Thanks for those tips, you gave me some things to think about.  




 Hi Reddit DIY,

I'm not that handy...so help with this is appreciated.

I want a speed bag (you know, boxing...) but I don't want to drill into my wall or buy a more expensive free standing one. I do, however, already own a Bowflex Body Tower (http://www.amazon.com/Bowflex-BodyTower/dp/B006353HCE) so I thought it could be possible to add one to it.

Note that I am 6'2" and the Body Tower is just taller than I by about 2 inches, so I need to account for that when adding the bag. 

Another requirement is that I want to be able to remove the speed bag appendage when I want to use the tower.

Ideas? Probably a weird request, I know, but I really appreciate any help. 




 You know, that WOULD work.  




 I don't give a crap about the comments that he's "flat" or "unemotional", agree with you that there are successful coaches who aren't the "ra - ra" type.

What concerns me is if this is true  Theres not a lot of great teaching there." No excuse for that if true. I think one of the reasons Belichick is routinely successful is all the teaching that happens. 




 Yep. 




 There's not enough tequila in Mexico... 




 Please this. 




 I guessed Gore Verbinski. 




 Shouldn't players for the Browns just be given a free pass? 




 Now for that offensive line coach. 




 That does look like it was a good move. 




 Worth the trip.  









 you just can't speak of it 




 I have a spare bedroom.  




