 But it you stop people from with mental illness from flying no one with mental illness who flies will come forward. Same thing applies to guns "crazy people can't own guns" so if you have mental illness and own guns, you won't seek help. On the other hand, should mentally ill people be able to own guns or fly? People just need to accept that there is not such thing as 100% security and there is a 0.00001% chance they will die at the hands of some random nutjob. On the other hand, the'll probably die cause of all the fucking junk food they eat, or the drugs they do, or the people they have sex with, or that one little asshole epithelial cell that had a bad day. Everyone of the people reading this thread will die one day. A significant portion will die well before they expect to. Most of them will die painfully. 




 But what if they don't find out they were wrong, isn't life in prison for an innocent person a pretty high cost? If you believe in a justice system you accept that a tiny percentage of innocent people will suffer. Why is this OK if you merely jail them for life, but not OK if you kill them. Besides if you're on death row you have expanded rights to appeal that those with life do not have so if there IS an incorrect verdict there is a greater chance of it coming to light. Thats why most death row inmates in California oppose ending the death penalty in that state. 




 this is why I don't believe in prison 




 fuck, why did we even buy that dude an eotech 




 No one wants to be the guy that says "yeah ok, don't worry about it" and then dumbass blows themselves up 




 http://www.foxnews.com/story/2008/05/02/virginia-man-killed-in-civil-war-cannonball-blast/ still potentially lethal 




 DOWN THE WELL! DOWN THE WELL! 




 all depends on who is on the plane, 300 people four hours from the target...fuck yea. A late night commuter flight on a tuesday with 10 people on board 5 minutes from the target....good luck. Keep in mind that it may be very possible to barricade the door. Counting on the passengers to take back the plane is highly speculative. Just following the 2 in the cockpit rule seems a lot easier. 




 If the USA went "all in, no rules" against ISIS, even with just conventional weapons it would be over in under a week. The problem would be that hundreds of thousands of Iraqis would be killed. In 1991 the USA went up against 650,000 iraqis much better armed than ISIS and killed 30,000 of them while losing under 200 of their own. 




 ITT: people that can't accept that they will never be totally safe  




 until the terrorist tells the person who knows the code to open the door or he gets fed his own balls 




 Would this precipitate a greater middle class in China and India? 




 Would the increased demand for labor be outweighed by the decrease in consumption in a highly automated economy? 




 Have fun in Ukraine this spring! 









 Most of government would be gone, leaving the remaining democratic president with incredible power. US military wouldn't like this, coup ensues, liberals don't like it but won't actually fight to stop it. Some kind of very limited democracy ensues. 




 Hell and Back Again 




 I find it strange that we are supposed to accept models of all body weights (something you can control and is related to your health) because it might give people an unrealistic impression of beauty. However, there is no movement to accept models who are not attractive in other ways (poor bone structure, asymmetry), features which we cannot control. Do models that fit these conventional measures of attractiveness not also create an unrealistic standard of beauty? Where is the movement for models with ugly faces? There also doesn't seem to be much of a movement for male models who are "plus size." 




 Arab Spring wins again! 




 You guys need some freedom, imma crank up the Abrams 




 Isn't less uninformed retards voting good? 




 then how do you support prison? 




 hahahahahahahahahahahaha 




 What about Wormtown? 




 It's not closed off, it is just a strange angle. That is a A2 birdcage flash suppressor so there are no slits on the bottom (to reduce dust signature when firing and decrease muzzle rise) 




 why does it look fake? 




 It would be funny watching the bikers make him eat it while the police walk by laughing 




 shit...we're just in the summer now 




 Remember when everyone was all excited about the Arab Spring? 




 this, peacetime military is like constant jacking off and never getting to fuck 




 Is this movie about how much it sucks being rich and fucking models all the time? 




 they should apologize for their racial stereotyping and sign up for a reeducation camp. 




 Yea, they should have gone with Corporate Bros and Finance Hoes.  




 American Pride has nothing to do with an ethnic heritage. If someone lives in America and they are offended by "American Pride" I suggest they leave. I hear there are some openings in northern Iraq. 




 my point being they shouldn't want us to have to come back 




 last time we took Okinawa it didn't work out too well for the locals 




 or we could do it by parental political affiliation! 




 Isn't this what we always knew....shit parents equal shit kids. There isn't a solution for this other than the forced redistribution of children and widespread sterilization. Good luck getting support for that. 




 Next do one with rate of HIV infection, felony conviction, and rate of gun violence and associated political party!! Oh, add rates of child abuse and mental illness as well. 




 what are you, like french or something?
 




 because they hate america.... 




 Well they could accidentally torpedo a russian warship. Oops. Totally deserved but won't happen because Europe trembles before Russia. 




 how far can a drone fly in an hour with how much weight and how much does it cost, honest question 




 or you could use rocket and mortars with far more effect and cheaper 




 a good one, I'd acquitt 




 Well he did get to live for about 35 years after killing a woman over 101 bucks. Regardless the cause he got what he deserved. 




 in a restaurant with an automatic weapon it is, esp if the people involved are white and part of "organized crime" as opposed to "street thugs" ie poor blacks 




 As do their demographics! 




 grunt life... 




 That Marine is a total boot 




 total frat move is the douchiest thing to ever douche 




 lots of biker gangs IIRC 




 USMC 0351 




 *except the vast, vast, vast, majority of people in combat units 




 Call me a sexist because maybe this makes me one but I 100% guarantee that this will lower combat readiness. - Male combat veteran that served in combat as part of an all male unit to which females were attached. 




 yup, they should make evictions EASIER if anything. If you don't pay your rent, fuck you, not only are you stealing from your landlord, you're inflating the prices for everyone else.  




 Not really true. You're trained to always shoot for a lethal area if you have a realistic chance of hitting it. For instance, people ARE trained to shoot at ankles under cars or for the pelvis if the target is distant and doesn't respond to torso shots (ie body armor). don't stick your leg out from the corner https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SKqQ_dkpQA 




 It's the whole "if it's stupid and it works, it isn't stupid" thing 




 If you have to commute to Boston it sucks but there are alternatives. I pay 650 for a HUGE 1b in a brownstone located in the nicest part of Worcester. I have a  5 min walk to the commuter rail, grocery store, and literally dozens of restaurants and bars. People just can't get past the "but it's Worcester" part. 




 This guy. GI Bill ftw. 




 ITT: people that haven't a clue what they are talking about. It is a perfectly legitimate tactic. Anyone here been in a gunfight before? I have. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_BxQSxnD1g 




 I wanna see Jane Swift fight holyfield.... 




 Yea, I was kinda joking and kinda not. Deval's got the age but Mitt has the size. Deval grew up in a bad neighborhood but left really young, while Mitt went to prep school in the early 60s. Neither is really a stand out athlete. I think it would be a good fight. 




 Are they going to have regular hours now? 




 Paul Revere's Ride- Events of Lexington and Concord and those leading up. Extraordinarily good, reads like a novel. You will have new found appreciation for the intelligence and courage of our forefathers. I couldn't get over the description of the Old North Bridge fight. Possibly the single most pivotal event in American History. A bunch of farmers stand against the greatest fighting force in the world. Somehow the English panic and flee and the world would never be the same. 




 should be Mitt vs Deval 




 When my mom and dad got married they agreed not to have any kids. Ten years later my mom changed her mind and here I am. Oops 




 thanks obama? 




 because it's a minority group...if they weren't jewish it would be "privilege" 




 Christ, I wasn't in school THAT long ago and none of those stupid rules were in place. Where did all that shit come from? 




 I bet he wouldn't egg the russians 




 I agree, we've lowered the bar. Doing your job and/or self preservation shouldn't meet the "hero" criteria. 




 yea, and if you buy it off ebay there is a high chance it "fell off a truck" hence "grey."  




 oh, that I'm sure he picked up in Iraq 




 just think, one sub can kill every population center in russia with a population over 50,000 




 uniforms yes, armor no, he probably bought it on the grey market. 




 So hating parts of a culture isn't racist, what about hating most of a culture? 




 what if you hate the culture not the people? 




 yup, vertical video 




 Hell and Back Again http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1748043/ is better and on Netflix 




 In all seriousness they should.  




 That white man's burden yo 




 you're right, see edit 




 This looks a lot more like US Marines in Helmand than US Army in Kunar. EDIT, I'm totally wrong, somehow watched wrong video. 




 and does their whining bring you over to their side or make your resentment grow? 




 You do realize the more whining people hear, the less they give a fuck about the whiner right? 




 time to buy land in Greenland 




 with that attitude I guess they better keep on oppressing you 




 Half ass jihadist. If ure gonna be a muj, you probably should skip the whole "my mean brother made me do it" defense. 




 christ, you need a sweater 




 It looks entertaining but I think this movie is going to take a lot of (possibly justified) criticism. It certainly has a "white people trapped among local savages" look to it. 




 bayonet them for having more money than you?  




 Hey, who cares when you make some money shitting all over some 78 year old lady for singing the lyrics to a song in private. 




 I'd rather watch "Shit-Faced NASCAR" 




 Did he push the olympic in any way? Serious question. 




 the problem is that politics in the US has become about sticking it to the other guy. The democrats would love to elect a clinton because they know the conservatives hate them. The republicans would like a bush for the same reason. 




 AND? Tourists will have to pay slightly more for whores and Thai exports will suffer. 




 Legalize, regulate, tax. Anything else is duck tarded. 




 Pro-gun? He is also a founding member of the Massachusetts Against Trafficking Handguns Coalition who issued the following statement: "With gun violence at a 10-year high in Boston and increasing in Springfield, New Bedford and other Massachusetts cities, we applaud leaders like Deval Patrick for advocating smart policies to deal with this growing crisis. Deval Patrick has shown himself to be a true champion for peace and public safety by recognizing the need to crack down on the flow of illegal guns coming into the Commonwealth. We thank Mr. Patrick for vowing to make our communities safer places to live, work and raise families and congratulate him on his victory in Tuesday's Democratic Party Primary."

Sounds like he was just an opportunist hustler.

http://www.19actionnews.com/story/5439861/massachusetts-against-trafficking-handguns-coalition-says-deval-patrick-will-win-the-peace 




 I guess by that rationale it is also aggressively pro-choice 




 Actually this isn't really true anymore. While obviously you shouldn't use a tourniquet for minor wounds, experience in Iraq and Afghanistan has shown that the risk of limb loss has been vastly overstated. Using a tourniquet is reasonable for any bleeding that can't be controlled with direct pressure or repositioning. Every soldier in on patrol in Afghanistan carries a minimum of 4 tourniquets, one for each limb.

edit from your link: In rare situations tourniquet application will be necessary and lifesaving in the civilian prehospital setting. Tourniquets are no longer only considered as a last resort device. Practitioners should familiarise themselves with this simple piece of equipment and be prepared to use it in appropriate cases without an irrational fear of complications

tl;dr- if you can't stop the bleeding with direct pressure or repositioning use a tourniquet because the benefits almost certainly outweigh the risks. 




 uh, I don't think we have a monopoly on that....but we do shit indoors 




 Because western society IS superior. Sorry. 




 Most of the "my gyno is an asshole" posts are overly dramatic, this is not, you should report it 




