 Where?? 




 Which is why the Bible verse is "I will remove your sin from you as far as the east is from the west" and not "as far as the north is from the south".  I'd like my sin further away than 7,918 miles, thanks. 




 Last part of Human After All 




 Doooo bow ba dowwww... doooo bow ba dowwww

By the way the fuzzy noise in the background always sounds like it is jumping up and down octaves but I can never tell. 




 Must have been capitalized on one of the lists.  My bad. 




 Top grossing all time adjusted for inflation, AFI top 100, Reddit 100 years of cinema, Rotten Tomatoes top 100, and Sight and Sound top 50 









 X-Iron Steel Hawk Dragon Force 




 Try sitting on the far sides of the car 




 Are the explicit parts of the voice acting really necessary? 




 "I once made a movie, rather tongue-in-cheek, called Psycho. The content was, I felt, rather amusing and it was a big joke. I was horrified to find some people took it seriously. It was intended to make people scream and yell and so forthbut no more than screaming and yelling on a switchback railway (rollercoaster). I'm possibly in some respects the man who says in constructing it, 'how steep can we make the first dip?' If you make the dip too deep, the screams will continue as the car goes over the edge and destroys everyone. Therefore you mustn't go too far because you do want them to get off the switchback railway, giggling with pleasure." - Alfred Hitchcock in a 1964 interview 




 They all set up environments through editing, better than many feature films out there.  Freiheit, 1:42.08 (A Boy and His Car), and 6-18-67 all have very unique environments thanks to attention to detail with vision and sound. 




 Call me crazy but I like Temple of Doom more than The Last Crusade and almost as much as Raiders 




 Temple of Doom raft fall is pretty ludicrous and happens very early on. 




 "What we're doing here, really, is just designing a ride at Disneyland."

Twenty years later it was a ride at Disneyland.  I'm not sure why Spielberg keeps talking about Disneyland because this plot seems far grittier than the other Disneyland rides. 




 He was a great director when he filmed THX 1138 and American Graffiti.  Also the USC shorts he directed are very well done. 




 The first movie had a scene with a spooky car "graveyard" but ultimately it got cut. https://youtu.be/Wzkq6UFsEV8?t=59s 









 A lot of people at my film school don't understand this 









 I think a lot of thoughts like that.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6y7YOlldek 














 Have you tried the back seat?  Pretty insane on that first drop. 




 Also, watch POV videos online and imagine you're riding it.  Maybe do other activities like biking or rollerblading that involve sudden direction changes.  Learn about the physics of inertia, acceleration, weightlessness, and then maybe the rides will be less threatening if you know what's happening to your body. 




 Start small and work your way up!  Also, keep your eyes open and relax.  If you want a less intense ride, sit in the middle of the train as the front will go faster into hills and the back will get pulled over the hills faster.

I've ridden every coaster at Cedar Point except for Jr. Gemini and they are all great.  Pretty sure everyone here can give you lots of information on the park if you need it.  Try the wooden roller coasters first; they are less sickening than Corkscrew or Gatekeeper or Mantis (rougarou) because the transitions are less intense.

I actually puked last time I went to cedar point because I rode the Skyhawk swing ride twice after breakfast.  Sudden acceleration and deceleration on a full stomach is dangerous... So take time to digest, haha.

What was the roller coaster you puked on? 









 I really want to experience that turnaround now.  I love specific breakdowns of rides, thanks. 




 Volume at full blast in my university's student union building.  Thanks 




 You wouldn't do that, would you? 




 3deep5me 




 How long can you survive in FNAF without dying?  Start with a new game file and work your way up from the beginning.  Continue to night 6 and 7 if you make it that far!

My personal record on mobile is Night 6, 2 AM.

If someone was able to complete all 7 levels in one go that would really be something.  If this catches on we should keep a High Score list on the side of the sub for FNAF 1, 2, and 3 on PC and mobile. 









 Thats actually pretty clever 




 Id like to think its molding a mini planet and no one can see it 




 Right, that's it 




 I was gonna say that haha 




 There's one scene where Dave plays chess with HAL 9000 and the computer makes a very slight error in its assessment of the game, hinting at the fact that HAL is malfunctioning. 




 2001 A Space Odyssey 




 Can't wait to hear the rest of Bluescovery 




 I was thinking about this today.  In the first game, the animatronics get directly in your face only when you die.  In the second game, the old ones are in front of your face almost every time you put down the monitor, and in the third one the hallucinations are always jumping right on you.  So the first one is the only one where there is the legitimate suspense of hoping to avoid that dreaded face to face encounter. 




 Absolutely, best moment in the series 




 Now we know how Scott feels when people ask for FNAF 4 




 A short comic?  This is pretty elaborate!  Awesome! 














 Haven't tried that.  I tried using the YouTube stabilization but I didn't like the way it looked.  Next time around I will try using a lower frame rate and I'll take more time positioning the camera. 




 I took still frames from a video of me slowly moving the camera along the track.  If I did it again I would use 15 fps not 30 and I would take the pictures on "set" instead of grabbing them in post 




