 Resigns on no reddit day? Does this mean the protesters won't know until tomorrow? Haha just kidding, they couldn't stay away  




 That's why we will lose  




 True, I was thinking performance. 1-11 of all blowouts  




 Commas are important here. Otherwise were talking about fisting.  




 2015 Colorado vs 2012 Colorado.  




 It got real awhile ago  




 I feel for FSU fans, a few kids with attitude don't reflect the team.  




 Maybe they'll go the way of Colorado following our accusations of the early 2000s 









 I used to fly Frontier a dozen times a year before the most recent buyout. I asked at the counter if there were "stretch" seats left before each flight. Roughly half the time I was upgraded for free 




 Wipes  




 Utah isn't much of a trap, they have good odds of besting Oregon 




 Nichols St  




 Colorado is hosting girls volleyball, soccer, lacrosse, and cheer camps this week. As a college senior, those girls make me feel old even though they are mostly high school  




 [front] (https://twitter.com/sportposterswag/status/619228252360581121)
[Back] (https://twitter.com/sportposterswag/status/619229425884876800) 
Were basically showing off the new uniforms  




 It helps when you don't have a pro team  




 Shares and views  




 People want to work less for more pay? Who would have thought?! 




 The millions of Facebook mom's that actually believe them  




 Milwaukee is one of the poorest cities with one of the worst education systems. This was true long before walker became governor. The twin cities were not at the level of Milwaukee.  









 Well, Minnesota doesn't have to deal with the poverty of Milwaukee  




 This will never get upvoted because the Sanders brigade makes sure bad press never surfaces  




 It would need to be a low fee otherwise traders will find ways around it  




 Or don't want a thousand page tax law  




 She's going to lose a lot of voters by fighting the NRA. Let's fight poverty, poor education, and bad home lives (the cause of violence) instead of people who want to responsibly handle guns.  




 I think it's because people associate silver with a shiny metallic finish  




 I'll call so you can work 




 Yes  




 And now we lose  




 I'd argue last year's game against Utah. We were so damn close and it would have been our only conference win 









 That's half useful, thanks  




 Depends how he plays post injury  




 Our rival picked GT? No way!  









 Results 
http://bsndenver.com/poll-results-what-uniforms-do-buffs-fans-want-to-see/ 




 Well it's OOC against a g5, you tell me 




 National champions but only by 1 vote in the poll and not even close in the other  









 What would you say it is you do here? 




 [Had it looked like this, I wouldn't argue] (https://cdn3.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/2895502/kickerblammo.0.gif) 




 I love it. Lots of BS but I'm not in a cubicle, I work with my hands, and get to see some crazy cool stuff  




 To be very general, I work in healthcare  




 Let's get you a promotion  




 Similar to you I'm 6 4 and gained 30 lbs to hit 180, I look nothing like your pictures though  




 Was 6 4 and 150. Up to 180 now, original goal was 190 but now I want to break 200 




 Worked 7am to 7am yesterday.  




 I work 48 hours straight with nothing saying I get to sleep.  




 I can't tell what happened on these potatoe cameras  




 In the words of Michael Scott, keep it simple stupid  




 [I don't see the issue] (http://bsndenver.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/CUvid016.jpg) 




 I think we've paid out debts. Also 2/5 recruits so far are from Georgia  




 And here we have the first person without GT or CU flair, however with UGA flair I can't say you're unbiased  




 There is no true help, this argument will go on FOR CENTURIES!!!! 




 I'd like to see how teams for both conferences voted  




 Adding another comment for [this interesting ranking] (http://www.tiptop25.com/fixing1990.html) 




 Ohio State lost to VT, beat Oregon and FSU pretty bad. This would all be solved if Colorado played GT in the bowl game.... 




 Do votes get casted one at a time? That seems like a horrible way of doing it  




 Playing in Nebraska is more than 3 points  




 Completely unbiased here. 
The Nebraska common opponent doesn't work here. CU played in Lincoln, GT played neutral field. 
I'll keep my overall argument simple, all voters knew about the 5th down and clipping call. That is the biggest arguments against Colorado but don't hold much ground when voters knew about it. Colorado only lost the coaches poll by 1 vote. They won the AP by very many votes. Colorado had a harder SOS as many other people here will discuss. If we emphasize conference play then Colorado wins at a perfect record where as GT tied North Carolina. 

Edit- for SOS Colorado played 7 rated opponents to GT's 3.  




 Neutral for GT 
At Nebraska for Colorado. 
Not a good comparison, going off that any team that beat VT last season is better than Ohio State  




 I knew this day was coming, it's been an honor off seasoning with you.  




 Sorry about the fireworks, side question for you though, have you been following the trial?  




 Issue is this isn't a good comparison. You comparing average wage to elite schools. Better comparison is average wage to average in state tuition. Numbers will still show a huge increase in tuition without increase in wage  









 Ironically, many people commenting on this are at work.  




 You act like dems don't fast track stuff too, that's politics 




 Many teams share, that's low on priorities  




 Some of the harassment could be considered boys will be boys type stuff  




 Lacrosse  




 Lacrosse will gain a lot of those players since it's not as much contact  




 Isn't that in New York?  




 Well it's part of my job to ask every female of fertile age if they could be pregnant...... 
It's always fun asking the 80 year old woman as  a joke  




 I know all about the allegations. Sex and alcohol got recruits during that time. Was it the right thing to do? No. I'm tracing it all back to the source which is her. No trial was ever held against any of the players, Barnett even requested names. No other females pressed charges. There's nothing saying that they were innocent or guilty. Either way, no Katie, no accusations.  




 [this article explains it pretty well] (http://www.denverpost.com/colleges/ci_27041416/cu-buffs-football-program-tries-dig-out-deep) 




 Georgia Tech didn't join the pac so now CU And GT can't have an annual rivalry game where the winter gets both the AP and Coaches poll trophies from 1990  




 It's a shitty situation that has screwed Colorado over for nearly two decades, that's why she's the biggest mistake they made  




 It's applies to them whenever they're around the team, it's not just the physicality that's fueled by hormones, it's how guys act.  




 Exactly, Barnett told her in the 2nd year that she would have to compete for a spot and she didn't even tryout again. No one respected her because she was a bad player and didn't even try hard  




 She wasn't even good, no clue why she was even on the team. She never played a game. 
Having a female in a sport fueled by testosterone is not going to work, especially back then.  




 No. Colorado is way better off in the pac. Have you heard how fucked the big 12 is? The pac south is the hardest division in college football. Put Colorado in the north and they go 500. Did you watch any games last season? We completely out gained ASU, multiple overtime against Cal, would have won against UCLA if sefo spiked the ball at the end of the first half but instead lost in over time. We have 4-5 games decided by one possession. 
Can't wait to visit the big house next season, we won't even need a miracle this time.  




 Having a female kicker.
She's not on the team, no accusations of harassment. No crackdown by the administration on recruiting rules. Colorado still relevant. 

Edit- anyone downvoting is lying if they think a female football player would benefit the team.  




 [Even when spending doesn't improve scores] (http://object.cato.org/images/testimony/coulson-2-9-11-2.jpg)
Howeve, [parental involvement does] (http://ideas.time.com/2012/10/24/the-single-largest-advantage-parents-can-give-their-kids/) 




 [someone leaving to avoid voting?] (http://www.npr.org/2011/02/17/133847336/wis-democratic-lawmakers-flee-to-prevent-vote) 




 Welcome to the PAC 




 Bikers should always be cautious regardless of who's in the right because getting hit by a car hurts. 
Most bikers I see at night have no lighting or reflective gear. Cops don't enforce the law of needing lights. 
I don't hate bikers although it's probably coming off that way, I just don't think this solution will work unless you get a huge amount of drivers to start biking.  




 I found it interesting the Bucks' worth doubled after going from worst team to NBA team, regardless of the conspiracy theory listed in the article. 
Milwaukee and Wisconsin have a choice, build a new stadium to keep the bucks, possibly get an NHL team, and modernize Milwaukee. Or let the bucks leave and NBA owners profit off the $1 billion deal and lose and Milwaukee Bucks related revenue. The revenue will increase greatly over the next few years. The bucks have a lot of young talent. They can sustain success and get the city excited about something.  









 [this shit] (http://youtu.be/JQmNYPOgx40) 




 Just sibling banter here  




 [depends, do you support the military?] (http://youtube.com/watch?v=wRRsXxE1KVY) 









 Meanwhile the bucks have playoff team with an average age in the mid 20s. 
NHL is considering Milwaukee for an NHL team. 
A new stadium would do nothing but good for Milwaukee. Everyone is way too focused on the bucks. It's ok to fund a baseball stadium for a shitty team but funding a facility for diverse entertainment is a no go. There's a reason Milwaukee and Wisconsin are behind, everyone is stuck in the past and resistant to any modernization  




 Voat  




 Blame the skyrocketing population  




 Follow sports writers/teams as they post score updates, article links, and short thoughts  




 Same reason you can't change other games to ref error, shit happens  




 Wisconsin paid $290 million for Miller Park, a place that only hosts baseball. New stadium for the bucks hosts way more events with less state funds. 
How are the brewers these days?  









 But a Miller Park tax is OK? How are the brewers now? Not near as good as the bucks.  




 Good for you. It's about more than the bucks. It opens the door for NHL to add a Milwaukee team, concert events, and overall entertainment. Milwaukee has nothing in the winter months and even summerfest is losing appeal. Milwaukee needs to modernize  




 And then goes any chance of Milwaukee getting an NHL team. You're stuck in  the past, Milwaukee needs new buildings in order to be appealing to anyone. It's a shit hole right now  




 Well that explains it 




 [you sure?] (https://pbs.twimg.com/media/B6SsDTuIEAEpL02.jpg:large) 




 What are those?  




 Must be an old review for Colorado, they brought back beer gardens last year. This year we have a brand new rooftop terrace on top of the new addition. 
[Tickets to the rooftop sold out in hours] (http://bsndenver.com/around-the-herd-7715-shouting-from-the-rooftop/) 

I was hoping the review would be something more along the lines of it being hard to breathe, and not because of excitement 

Edit- not a one star review but I enjoyed this one 
"If you judge a stadium by how good the football team is, then Folsom Field will not be the place for you."  




 Auburn is compensating for something  




 Let's see how welcoming you are at week 3 




 Stolen from Mizzou and GT, sounds familiar  




 Pearl and Valmont sure. Colorado to pearl needs all lanes. Why not add a multi use path like broadway has and make it wider?  




 That doesn't mean they made the connection right away 




 That's Friday morning to you 




 [how's this?] (http://extras.mnginteractive.com/live/media/site25/2010/0916/20100916__17cdemix1w_500.jpg) 




 US is a violent society to begin with  




 No need for government funds if a donor keeps stepping up. Essentially makes it a charity that actually works  




 I expect Ohio St fans to come fill seats as CU fans for those that can't make it  




 So I'll see you for the Colorado at Hawaii 10pm PT Start?  




 It already has a new year of funding by private donations  









 Because people exist outside of the reddit bubble  




 The only disability that causes weight gain like this is cantputdowntheforkitis. Thyroid gland disorder won't cause you to gain more than 20lbs, and that's being generous. Yeah there's psychological issues for eating too much but no physical condition shy of this weight bring a tumor will cause this.  




 Reaching record levels of smug  




 Maybe didn't want to show the world a somewhat intimate moment  




 Just weed 
- Colorado  




 Semen antics  




 One coach is the reason this is even a discussion. It was probably ND, Mizzou, or GT's coach  




 Seminole** 
FTFY  




 No you're supposed to hit *on* women, not hit them  




 *kill me* 




 Quick action, good for them. He should be able to get another school if she shows discipline  




 CSU has a great animal science department  









 Maybe I just shouldn't read it 




 Gotta go with Miami. We all know the AP poll is all that matters right? 
The next championship review should be fun... 














 Broncos fan? 20 minutes north is Folsom Field and the Colorado Buffaloes. Best part is that no one can call you a bandwagon Fan!  




 So that Cal schools, the SEC, and ACC. That would actually be a good schedule assuming it fits through the Panama Canal or goes all the way around south America. They'd probably end up keeping it on the east coast because no one wants to travel west  




 "Michigan has offered Highlands Ranch (Colo.) Valor Christian 2017 dual-threat quarterback Dylan McCaffrey. Here's a quick look at the player."

So it's simple, Colorado beats Michigan next season and he takes his talents to Boulder  




 The entire dome is a scoreboard. Suck it Auburn  




 I think you're being downvoted by how you're presenting info and also people who refuse to accept that more times than not, men are better athletes than women.  




