 Yup.  I first saw her on Supernatural, where she was a demon master thief.

She rocked a posh English accent.

She looked great all washed up, too.

Her Georgian accent is OK but wanting.

 




 It's an Italian thing done to make themselves sound like singing in an American production with nobody speaking any English.

I love.  My brain keeps searching for something but can't find a phrase.

The cheat is that they use "ooh-rah" exactly where "alright" would appear.

It's a catchy tune.  Very well done.

Anyhow.  I'm still scouring this thread for non-English speakers weighing in on American accents.  Few and far between. 




 https://www.reddit.com/r/HeyCarl/ 




 I lived in London briefly and with a natural SW Virginia accent -- I had a girlfriend at the time, but oh I could sense pheremones in the air. 




 "Ma!  Where's my Red Sox hat at" was actually pretty good. 




 SW Virginia checking in.  I always associated him with Alabama, but say a public official who is over the top officious. 




 Seriously -- they're obsessive about it. 

Australia's the same way too.

The UK used to make any animal imported go into quarantine.  Fluffy the cat from NYC who'd never been outside in her life?  3 month quarantine or she's not coming in.

This is why Jonny Depp got into trouble with the Aussie with his lap dogs. 




 Family law.  Divorce gone seriously bad, I'd bet.  

What a nightmare.

The good news is that whoever did it will likely be found very very quickly. 




 Cat showing dominance x infinity.

Control of food bowl = control of dog. 




 https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/4545327104/hDEEAB757/ 




 I'm in zone 2 and regularly leave my car in one spot for mulitiple weeks.  I don't drive very often.

OP it depends on your immediate neighborhood.

Street cleaning rarely happens unlike say NYC.  I don't think I've ever been affected by it.  DC lets Mother Nature clean the streets.  

How long it takes to find a spot is up to your immediate traffic patterns.  For me, Friday nights is the worst, but I know not to drive on Sunday mornings due to all of the churches in the vicinity.

The absolute worst is when a neighbor throws a party and hires parking attendants to valet park their guests' cars.  Every block within reasonable walking distance gets shut down.

I like having my own car.  You can easily live without one if need be though -- zipcar is quite the rage these days.  Do a cost/benefit calculation. 




 I... I... 

I don't know what to say.

http://www.themarysue.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/athan-fillion-gif-cap-300x172.png


Somehow I think the 420 break is on the other side of the communication. 




 I heard it was closed to tours, but could be wrong.  

There's a US Navy museum nearby that apparently is awesome.

This new bridge annoys me.  But London long ago closed off the Thames to large ships. 




 I just went digging for it and couldn't find it on WaPo -- share?

This btw sounds like something I would do.  That race was fixed. 




 There's a sad end to this story though.

Remember [Aldrich Ames](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aldrich_Ames#Some_CIA_sources_betrayed)?

The S.O.B. gave him up to the Soviets and he was executed. 




 England's rabies-free.  But I don't doubt they wanted to double check. 




 I get it that a debit card would get declined, but not a credit card.  Visa gives you a pre-set spending limit and you can charge up to that no matter what.

Do credit cards work differently in the EU? 




 I've always regarded Patton as being the finest biographical movie ever made.  

Ken Burns' Civil War would be the first documentary that I'd recommend. 




 I live in DC.  These polls are always crap -- we're a city of 600K crammed into a teensy space.  

It'd be like comparing Manhattan or maybe even just the Upper East Side to a state.  

Still, the city definitely runs on booze.  But also, I'd say only a third of the people in the federal government live here as opposed to the burbs of Northern Virginia and Maryland.   




 It's in the game thread under "Umpires confirm foul-ball call" -- that's exactly what I saw.   




 I didn't see it.  Perhaps an x-post? 




 There is nothing like a Harper at bat this deep in the game. 




 I'm so glad he got a curtain call.

He must be thrilled! 




 Yeah he needs to knock off the interpretive swan dance.   




 Fun fact on the thumbnail pic: a few hours later, DC got smacked by a rogue midnight T-storm, the worst since 2012, and the scouts had to flee for cover.

http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-politics/wp/2015/06/30/obama-to-girl-scouts-what-are-you-guys-doing-in-my-yard/?hpid=z3 




 What is that animal running around the car?  His doggie?  Wildlife? 




 That was some Harding administration level fixing. 




 I think they did it voluntarily. 




 I went to a wedding near Morristown in the Fall once.

I was staggered by how pretty it is.  And I grew up in the Blue Ridge -- I know something about pretty. 




 Oh is it chrome?  It looked iPod white to me on first glance.   




 Good looking torch.  It looks like they might've been influenced by Apple stylings.   




 I dunno about that.

I remember during the Vancouver Winter Olympics, Digg sent a reporter to interview alpine skier Julie Mancuso.  The format was no holds barred as there was no FCC involved, but the interview was announced 48 hours before it began so diggers could submit questions and she had to answer the top ten "digg'd" questions.  It was a wonderful interview -- she had dug in in a chalet, was wearing a cuter Russian fur hat for fun, and happily bit on the more salacious digg'd questions.  She was in her element.

I thought it was one of the single best athlete interviews I've ever seen.  

At the time, I thought that I was seeing for the first time what new media was truly capable of.  

Then Digg imploded.  

No NBC, no BBC, no whatever press operations wanting to get to her, and all they had to do was listen in for content.

IT WAS GREAT.  The single best Mancuso interview I've ever seen.

It wouldn't have been not that hard for reddit to adapt that format to LIVE AMA

Digg was ahead of its times.

Here's pic of Julie in that era:

http://juliamancuso.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/image-6.jpg 




 I never knew dogs could raise their eyebrows in all "what is this fresh hell?" 




 I ruthlessly cleared out my DVR last night.  The Buffy marathon is looking tempting. 









 I think they had a far worse fate planned than an ordinary redrum. 




 I love this skit!

The body of Pontiac with a door from an Olds 88.  

What great attention to detail! 




 I've got them on my DVR but not watched yet.  Glad to hear you like -- I've heard iffy things and frankly I thought season 1 was over-praised, Harrelson and McConnaughey's performances excepted.

I'm going to watch them and then make the decision.   




 That's the reference.

Except these cats look like they don't want to play so much a cut somebody. 




 I've seen the first two eps and while not sold on it, it's OK.

I'm toying with turning off HBO until Game of Thrones comes back though.  I wouldn't miss it.   




 Is it just me or do they look woefully underdressed for that kind of cold?  This winter was apparently one of the most brutal Europe had ever seen. 




 You can tell who's more adventurous (girl on the balcony) and who's the attention whore (girl out of pose with her knee over the windowsill), etc. 




 I think only if the /r/sports mods have had trouble with the reddit front office.  If so, absolutely.  




 Do you want to get shot by Florida Man?  This is how you get shot by Florida Man. 




 ELI5 decided not to join the protest in I think a very well-reasoned post:

https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/3by1v9/why_isnt_eli5_participating_in_the_default/

I'd think /r/dc would be wise to follow this line of thinking.

Unless of course there have been problems with the admins, but I can't see how they'd want to mess with a city subreddit.   




 It's metastasizing too -- /r/facepalm is about to go private, too.  

I hope /r/nationals doesn't.   




 I read an article about it -- nope, but they were able to splice and dice enough footage to make a usuable ad.

I always felt bad for the "sophisticated couple" extras across from him.  They had to be thrilled to be acting opposite Orson Welles... and this happens. 




 I don't know.  I bet they will.  I had a pair of 1K+ link karma links that are now in private r/'s and my total karma didn't take a hit.  This leads me to believe that they're still there, just hidden.   




 Yes.  I think once a sub goes private, comments disappear.  I'd been talking about the protest on r/videos, it went private while I was out, and they're gone now.   




 I had no idea the big /r/ mods were this alienated from the admins.  I hope this isn't our Digg 4.0 moment.  

Ohanion's not helping things, which makes me really nervous. 




 chooter got fired today and the mods of many of the default r/'s have set themselves to private in protest.  Lots of bad juju floating around right now.

Here's a pretty good summary:

https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3bxduw/why_was_riama_along_with_a_number_of_other_large/ 




 Great.  Reddit's imploding and now this.   




 I dunno.  He got the double and later scored.  That doens't totally suck. 




 I just took a 50 question test and missed only this:

3) Name one American Indian tribe in the United States.
A. Metis
B. Macedonian
C. Arawak
D. Maya

Metis never heard of, Macedonian obviously wrong, Arawak are Caribbean, so it must be Maya.

Wrong.  Arawak.  

That's not right.  

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arawak 




 Either that or this is the end of the road for Ellen Pao.  I hope Alex Ohanian awakes from his slumber.  

Until we know more, this could turn out to be a good thing. 




 Holy crap, this is the first I've heard of this.  What a mess:

https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3bw39q/why_has_riama_been_set_to_private/ 




 My thoughts exactly on the details.  I grew up in Roanoke and OP included the Star -- the huge neon Mill Mountain Star that overlooks the valley.  

http://cdn.meme.am/instances/48505750.jpg 




 This link was embedded in the description:

http://www.palestineherald.com/news/bushey-shooting-videos-released/article_34b8e3ec-1f82-11e5-9e3c-0bcf0658377a.html

The guy was an alcoholic and presumably drunk.   




 Whoa, my hometown of Roanoke in the news!  The man with a camper, wife and three teenage girls has courage.   




 That looks very Georgetown.  I feel like I've walked past it -- very familiar.  Dumbarton Street maybe?

Google dent place washington dc for Dent Place.  It's only two blocks.  I just streetviewed it but whiffed; you may have a better eye.

I'm surprised this address isn't on the web.  I hit IMDb and it turns out this building was also Diana Prince's house in Wonder Woman.   




 I swear to God that Chris Pratt is the most charming man on the planet right now. 




 They're re-doing Scream apparently.  

I don' want to watch because I know they'll never come close at all to Drew Barrymore's death sequence.

What a forgettable network.

In the 80's and 90's they were all that mattered on cable. 




 Here is the N W 611 upon being restored recently -- not too far off from this concept.

https://youtu.be/ByYlkrN97aM?t=3m 




 Patton.

http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x156uvg_patton-s-opening-speech-to-the-troops-george-c-scott_shortfilms 




 I live in Georgetown.  This sounds right.  Google streetview Wisconsin and Dent Place and walk yourself west.

I remember they had an ep about forming up a neighborhood watch just about the same time my neighborhood was thinking about setting up a watch.  I was annoyed.  

I remember the setting was in the West Village somehow.  The West Village is different from me.  Dent Place is way up there, too.  

Anyhow OP post a screenshot and I might recognize it.
 




 DC's a tough nut to crack.  Once it does, it's wonderful.  

The single thing worst thing you can do is hole up.  

I first moved here in '85 and apparently it's still the same.  I watched a lot of TV in my first few months, then things blossomed.   




 Blech.  Rain delays + Nationals = nothing good. 




 That is the scariest fucking thing I have ever seen in my life.

Who on earth would even take possession of such a thing?!

I truly hope I'm being trolled. 




 Buffarene giveaway?  What's that? 




 I know.  Giancarlo's injury perhaps giving him pause? 




 Of House Greybeard.   




 Upvote.  This thing ain't over. 




 I would've been torn myself.  Wahoo by birth and degree but I really like Tech.  I would've worn Nats red instead of U.Va. orange.

It seems like a false dichotomy.

Do Terps vs. Wahoos and I'll wear orange and be obnoxious. 




 OOOOH SO CLOSE! 




 Huggla!!!

I love how his salary is still being paid by Barves front office. 




 TIL

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Official_game 




 I thought another monsoon was going to strike down there at 11pm -- this game now is now official?   




 Actually, I'm American but a total Olympics geek.

I'm always mystified as to how the four sub-nations comprising the UK can't get its act together for the Olympics.  They have no problem with Scotsman Andy Murray winning the tennis gold for the UK. 




 Ooh.  You might be right.  I forgot that it's not England in the Olympics but the full United Kingdom.  

Wiki's unclear:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Football_at_the_2016_Summer_Olympics#Women.27s_qualification

Edited to add:

Nope the four home associations couldn't agree.  No U.K. in the Olympics

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_UEFA_Women%27s_Olympic_Qualifying_Tournament 




 That was my thinking too.  It would've been nice to see say Kawasumi interviewed via translator. 




 She's got Rio to look forward to next summer, too. 




 Yeah that's the problem with getting down there for me.  Too close to fly, too far to drive. 




 My family's got a place in Litchfield.  I love it down there.  Myrtle not so much though.  

How's the weather?  Did you all get clobbered by that storm system last night? 




 I see what you did there.

 




 England just Mets out of the tourney. 




 Jesus -- 120F on the field?!  That's life threatening. 




 Quick question: in the mens WC the trainers had that magic spray can that somehow helped the players when they went down.  

How come the women don't get it and WTF is it? 




 I'm sorry I can't hear you over the sound of my air-conditioners.

-- USA

(j/k I was in Paris for a heatwave once and it was hell.  Take a cold bath or if none, hop in the shower start it at lukewarm and lower it to cold.) 




 Or that freaky bald Emperor Palpatine lookalike.  That guy was great.  The Ed Hochuli of soccer. 




 I get the distinct impression FIFA's having problems finding WC-class refs who aren't American.   




 Crap call for Japan, then a make-up for England.

I have no problem with this. 




 I've both Metro'd and driven out of crowded Nats games.  Via car, once you're out of the vicinity of the stadium, it's fine.  

I'd imagine getting across the South Capitol Street bridge would be a snap.   




 Whoa.  Italy without pasta and tomato sauce.  Must've been a bummer to live there back then.

I wonder why the Italian cuisine went in that direction and the rest of Europe didn't.  Maybe it's easier to grow tomatoes in Italy? 




 Consider that the tomato is indigenous to South America.  

The great Italian recipes with tomato sauce?  They didn't exist until well after Columbus.   




 Excellent!  The airlines with all their consolidation over the past decade have become an old boys club.  I bet this is just the beginning of something bigger. 




 They replaced the entire grid in Georgetown in 2001-2002.  It was a massive pain -- the power was intentionally shut off for a night every month or so.

But, the power hasn't gone off since.  Derecho, hurricanes, snowpocalypse -- nothing.   









 It is SO cool seeing those highlights without the announcers play by play. 




 Junior High School, perhaps '74.  There was something amajigger that could compute.  It mystified me but I could see was cool.

I didn't have access to a mainframe until college, perhaps '81.

I thought they were cute diversions until I saw a spell check program work on a laptop in '85.  That's when I knew the world had changed. 




 Relax.  The same thing's been going on since the founding of the Republic.

The news cycle makes it worse and more pronounced, but don't forget that people can only vote every 2 years.  

Sometimes, the country gets together but that's not normal. 




 I was hoping to annoy inter-disciplinary redditors, but 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyfOh2za-po 




 Holy crap, is that really happening?!

They're in the East Room for the night, I'd bet. 




 Ah, then I might've slept through the 2012 midnight T-storm.  I just don't remember thunder   lightning like this post-midnight.

No question that this was nowhere close to the dercho.   




 Whoa.  autowkibot patrols /r/Nationals?  

This is something.  What this something is, I dunno. 




 I was.  Are you referring to the derecho?  That happened much earlier in the night.   




 Holy crap.  She was at 21 the youngest FLOTUS.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frances_Folsom_Cleveland_Preston

Somehow, I don't think we'll ever see that record beaten. 




 I've got an 18 pound short-haired orange tabby who is the largest cat I've ever encountered. 

Is this a domestic cat or a lynx or something?  Perhaps you are petite? 




 Well, in the Coolidge administration, yes.

Very odd choices by the Nats with their POTUS's.  

They seem to be stocking up on post-Teddy pre-FDR characters, and now we get the great Prohibitionist? Not good for beer sales on South Capitol. 




 Where the heck did this storm come from?  Normally we get clobbered like this in the hours immediately following sunset.

I don't remember a non-hurricane storm in the middle of the night like this. 









  thanks to Title IX 

That's all anybody needed to read. 




 A Brit nailing Valley Girl vocal fry?!  

Like, very impressive. 




 I don't think it's fair to tie the Packers to this guy.  It doesn't look like they had any warnings of his behavior.

 




 John Locke is overrated. 




 Oddly enough, just last week I saw the first sensible defense of that ending.

The reason he became a lumberjack was because as a child in that container, he saw his mother murdered via chainsaw.

So he picked up up a vocation that uses chainsaws to expunge the horror.

It still sucked, but maybe less so now. 




 Oh yeah, of course the tree canopy changes every decade or so.  But I know there are still trees in that spot on the Capitol grounds -- you'll notice they're slightly north of the Senate wing.  It's pretty green along the sides of the Mall.  


Dunno how well this link will work, but it appears the construction site is probably where that pic was taken from, but you'll notice trees just west of it:

https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=zl1XyXXdJ-Yw.kvVMosuox5jw hl=en_US
 




 Not a definitive answer, but I remember reading something maybe two years ago that kale supposedly has more nutrients than other leafy greens such as spinach.

I have hated kale since boyhood and still do.  I can't wait for this fad to die. 




 Hodor! 




 I might accept that challenge.  But it'd be a little underwhelming -- I too live in DC and all of the ones I recognized are the same.

That pic of the White House threw me a little bit though.  I think the portion that's got the trees on the roof is actually the East Wing, which is now the First Lady's base of operations and the main actual entrance to get into the White House.  They must've have a promenade on the roof back then.

The West Wing wasn't built until the 30's or so.

The Castle, the Capitol, Treasury, what was then the State   War Department and is now the Eisenhower Building -- they all look exactly the same.

I don't recognize the Printing   Engraving Building or the Pension Office.  They may have been razed since these were taken.   




 Before tuning out -- OP that was a TERRIFIC play by play up there! 




 Here is NBC's Leigh Diffey broadcasting F1 from Monaco:

https://i.imgur.com/o1gEC62.jpg 




 What is that buzzing noise that sounds like an aircraft engine? 




 That's been in the back of my mind since the soccer halftime. 




 Dagger for the USA!!! 




 I am.  This is almost certainly going to decide the championship -- Germany/USA are both considered stronger than England or Japan.  

It's not a bad game so far.  They're duelling each other.   




 Not entirely true.  Royal Navy operations had to be suspended in the North Atlantic, which is what the US was mostly angry about.

Yes the White House got burned, but that was it.  The Brits had to pull out of DC a day later.  Hardly the capital being razed.  

It was an unpopular war that resulted in a stalemate.  I've always viewed it as settling remaining contentions from the Revolution. 




 Give it a better wingspan and it looks very much like Lilienthaler's pioneering gliders.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:More_otho_flying.JPG 




 John C. Flood got me out of a serious heating problem a few years ago.  I really like that company.   




 ^^^
This is the OP here, folks.

I saw it a few nights ago in r/pics

https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/3beutv/this_is_what_a_320_bacon_and_egg_roll_from/ 




 Me too.  Nats fan here who has the game on in the kitchen whenever I'm home, half-paying attention to it.   




 I saw this photo pop up elsewhere.  Is this confirmed to be Gates?

He was born in '55, appears to be ten or so here, which makes this photo in '65.  This photo looks like it's from the 70's -- color, that style of bike, the way he's dressed.   




 Bingo.  As soon as I saw a trailer for The King's Speech, I thought blatant Oscar bait.

It was a perfectly charming movie though. 




 How could they possibly be smiling after a day like they'd had? 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyssa_sylvatica 




 DAE think this is kind of douchey? 




 I grew up in the 70's and those Schwinn banana seat bikes were a must for any boy of the era.  I get incredibly nostalgic anytime I see one.   




 You're the redditor running it?  It looks promising.  

I love tracking the bids. 




 I didn't know https://www.reddit.com/r/olympicgamesbids existed.  

Subscribed!

Interesting to see Switzerland interested in hosting even a youth games.  

 




 Here it is over Washington, DC:

https://i.imgur.com/OBBW4Y8.jpg 




 Lucky Bar.  It's the go-to soccer bar. 




 Love it! 




 I was in my garden and watching the radar loops on the Post so I knew full well it was coming.

When it hit, I dived back into the kitchen and kind of had caveman-level terror.  I have never heard the tree canopy make that kind of sound, not even in a hurricane.  

Anyhow, I never get tired of that Jefferson Memorial video linked in the article.   




 I dunno about that.  I walk past that house once or twice a month and only now noticed that it has a basement level.  Three story house on Olive Street and abutting Rose Park?  $1.1M actually sounds like a steal.

Good luck finding a parking spot nearby though. 




 50% idiot + 50% too much gin last night. 









 I've lived in Georgetown for 25 years and don't recognize them.  My bet is that it -- not surprisingly -- came from upstream on the Potomac. 














 It's more that that issue just now popped up as a leading article on washingtonpost.com.  

I wonder if somebody's trying to send a signal or just foster chaos.

It's weird.  I knew PR was having financial difficulties but they have been for years.

*edit: OK now I see that their bonds mature on July 1st every year.  My panties are no longer twisted.* 




 To my mind, the leading clubs are the Metropolitan and the University clubs.  Cosmos Club is more merit-based.  

I've never been attracted to the club culture though.  

The City Tavern Club is the only one I truly considered joining.

Don't join National Press unless you're a journalist.  I love that space though.  Many happy evenings spent there.  If you are a journalist, snap it up. 




 The timing of this makes me wonder if it's a real crisis or somebody trying to scramble the markets before Wall Street opens tomorrow morning. 




 I love it when the Millenials embrace historic local music.

This vid reminds me of this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbsQJBxICN0 




 Stalin + engineering + possibility of certain death?  Yikes.

Edit b/c I was warned by the bot: at what point do these people go "oh hell no!" and let these systems become obsolete.  

And at what point did the Soviets think this was a good idea?  Terrifying their comrades who are simply trying to commute? 




 "You're coming with me and if you forget the frisbee this time, I will cut you." 




 Have you ever ticketed somebody for chewing gum?

I spent a night at the Raffles once, pre-modernization.  Ever taken a call there?  

 














 You didn't watch it all the way through, did you?

Some of the creepiest stuff on YouTube starts with something innocuous to keep the censors away.  This is a classic example. 




 "rebuked in Dubuque" -- better than "Banned in Boston"!

Anyhow, this is like Florence Jenkins, a notoriously unaware horrible opera singer:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjURO9L5fdc 









 Why do weekdays?  Fun fact that nobody seems to know: parking is free on Sundays in Georgetown.  Come in, walk/bus to Foggy Bottom, and the Metro is yours.

I drive from SW Virginia to DC all the time, which means the full length of I-66.  It's not difficult. 




 That was the moment I realized Community had gone from smart to sublime. 




 My favorites were his musical cold openings.   




 I came to the show late an that took me forever to grasp.  The occasional references to the Soviets still existing threw me for a loop.   




 Some can, and well.  Max Scherzer of the Nats is doing very well.   




 FYI this was a joking reference to Nixon's possible return post-Watergate: "He's tanned, rested, and ready." 




 I live in DC and pretty much grew up without baseball.  When the Nats came to town, I started to really get into it.  I remember that just about the time I understood what an opposite field homerun was that I really began to enjoy it.

Now the Nats are awesome and watch or listen to pretty much every game.   




 I just finished the Mr. Robot pilot.  Financial market meltdown imminent.  So, basically I'd be living in Athens in real life. 




 Excellent choice!  Classic moment in TV history.  With all the hype around Survivor that summer, it was basically the show sticking the landing.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBSMBfoMVHk 




 Those of us in DC will never recover from the Nats' NLDS collapse against the Cardinals.

One strike away from winning the series, and...

http://washington.cbslocal.com/2012/10/13/epic-fail-washington-nationals-collapse-vs-st-louis-cardinals-in-game-5-nlds/ 




 I read that it had to do with wanting to avoid Apple's liabilities.  He didn't want to be held responsible for any debt or something. 




 Aqua 301 is really nice.  I bet they do brunch but look them up. 




 The poor boat was sunk in Singapore and raised.  Complete agreement with everybody that if she were still sea-worthy, we should be all in on preserving her.

But she already sank.  It's hard for a vessel to come back from that. 




 Patton.  

George C. Scott gets all the press for his rightly-earned accolades, but when you take a step back, it's the absolute best biographical film ever made.  There was some love and effort in getting the script right.

DDL's Lincoln and MLK in Selma should've done the same but screwed things up.

I also think Patton's one of the best war films ever made. 




 Yup.  They wouldn't let her do the full bikini thing -- her butt would've been much sleeker, like modern beauties.  

The corset thing sort of hid it, but when you see her move, it does look like she was wearing a diaper.

The ep I saw had something to do with the rescue of a scientist with a secret potion.  Diana loved kicking a Nazi's ass once as Wonder Woman.  She was actually in danger in this ep.

Roddy McDowall did Wonder Woman?!
 




 George King of Falafel.  28th   M.  They might let you eat al fresco if you ask nicely. 




 Yup.  She was mad about the padding throughout the filming.

I recently saw an ep on a OTA alternate channel for nostalgia sake where she rescued a crazy scientist or something.  She looked weird with the bikini bottom stuffed like that.  This was the same era of Charlie's Angels so I don't know why she was made to do this. 




 I do!  DirecTV with an over-the-air add-on and a woefully maxed-out DVR.  

Bonus: it's hooked up to a CRT television.

I can't stand watching TV over the internets.  Lower quality, horrible sound, etc.  

Mind you the only thing I watch live are sports or the occasional season finale.  Sometimes reality TV eps in order to bitch   moan live online.  

Edit: Plus live newscasts -- you can't beat live TV when a hurricane or blizzard is in the mix. 









 Breaking Bad, easily.  I watched the pilot as it first aired.  It had been getting favorable pre-reviews across the board.  I have DirecTV so it wasn't even in HD at the time, which might have made WW's tightie whities a little easier to take.  Had I seen them in HD I might've bailed.

2nd choice would be Buffy.  I fudge on the rules a little though: the first ep I saw is what turned out to be the S1 finale, however, S1 was a half-season.  They re-ran that half season in order over the summer, I watched or VCR'd each ep and then launched into S2 without missing a beat.

I plead forgiveness for fudging as this was the late 90's. 




 What is it with cute Korean girls and impossibly complicated first pitches?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVeo6QMcbW4 




 Who the heck gets booked for rolling through a stop sign + apparently expired license? 




 Pre-nups are fine for second marriages when there are children in the mix.  They're effectively a component of estate planning.

For first marriages they're a crock.   




 The LSE in London has one of these.  I never had the courage to go over the top. 




 I know.  

The last five minutes was the most fun I've had watching soccer since the mens WC.  

Gotta hand it to England.  They were getting shelled and defended beautifully.   




 Many thanks! 

I can't believe I was right in remember it was Jacoby.  

Great sleuthing.  




 As if anybody needs a new reason to hate the Phillies. 




 My first thought, too.  I loved how he wound up interviewing the construction crew and dedicating the broadcast to them.  He had absolutely nothing to do with his air time. 




 I know you can't have them in Nats Park, at least the last time I asked. 




 I give it 10 more minutes. 




 There was an ad for I think TV's with one of the Redskins original Hogs -- (Joe Jacoby?) -- who upon being introduced responds with an incredibly flat "and yes."  

My google-fu is weak.   




 Call ahead and let them know what you're doing.  I've never witnessed one myself, but the myth is that they flip over this happening.   




 I wuz just trying to say he wearing exactly what a white guy collegiate player would wear unless he didn't bite on the elaborate fashion-forward/fashion-disaster route.  If he'd come from a preppy school and been selected by the Jazz especially.  

He needed his persona to be credible, nailed it, and funzies began. 




 There was some sort of a governor on the turret that wouldn't let them fire when the gun was pointed at the tail.  

They had an onboard communication link with the pilot though, so they'd tell him to cut one way or another and square off of on the attacking aircraft.

These beasts could outdive anything though. 




 I know how to adjust volume levels.  I could've nailed it and handed the iPod off to the real musicians. 




 The Titanic pic made me laugh.

I normally hate this kind of thing, too. 




 These are all journalistic interns.  They're running to get the copy of the decision to their network's/magazine's/newspaper's legal analysts.  

It's a grand tradition.   




 Dayum whoever took that pic has got an AWESOME security clearance!

I like how the rainbow is over the Supreme Court building. 




 Cocktail, a Tom Cruise chickflick.

My gf made me go, I went, but spent the middle part of the movie patrolling the condiments stand. 




