 I think it's a bit unfair to call that list "The Ultimate List" or anything similar as the user behind the list did. And it's also strange and irrelevant to base it that heavily on awards on nominations. Also, there's pretty much only English language movies in the list. Of course, they don't only speak English in The Pianist (2002), but you probably get my point. It would be better to call it something else, maybe "Top 100 English language movies based on awards/nominations, popularity and a bit of critical acclaim". 




 Here's my list:   

1. Der siebente Kontinent (1989)       
2. Andrey Rublyov (1966)      
3. L'eclisse (1962)      
4. Jeanne Dielman, 23 Quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles (1975)     
5. Tanin no kao (1966)    
6. Erosu purasu Gyakusatsu (1969)      
7. Suna no onna (1964)     
8. Hiroshima mon amour (1959)    
9. Nattvardsgsterna (1963)    
10. Stntang (1994)     




 Probably this one:    

http://explore.bfi.org.uk/sightandsoundpolls/2012/directors/ 




 I didn't like it at all. The storytelling is very episodic, bombastic, clear and quite boring with no interesting finesse or nuances, but rather ends up being forced and obviously dramatic. I felt the characters were pretty thin too. Even if Russell Crowe does his role good, it doesn't help the film for me. It's hard to realize that the same director did the much, much better Picnic at Hanging Rock (1975), I suggest watching that instead if you want to see Weir when he actually is doing a good movie. 




 On of my favourites. So damn great. 









 The Room (2003). 




 Yeah, Claire Denis doing science fiction isn't the first thing you expected today. Interesting. 














 You don't know if you can go through Federico Fellini's career, but you had no problem with Ingmar Bergman and Woody Allen considering they've done even more films? Heh.   

Anyways, have you done Andrei Tarkovsky? If not, do it! 




 Well, you can always start with some of most important and critically acclaimed directors. Get to know directors like Jean Renoir, Claude Chabrol, Alain Resnais, Franois Truffaut, Jean-Luc Godard, Eric Rohmer, Robert Bresson, Louis Malle and the others, read about their films and explore a bit on your own. [This](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cinema_of_France) article on Wikipedia will give you a brief overview of the history, that is to say if you are interesting. It's not that much, but I think it really helps to know about the important names and just have a little backstory to everything.    



Anyways,  bout de souffle (1960) by Jean-Luc Godard and Les quatre cents coups (1959) by Franois Truffaut are two classic French films that one must watch when it comes to French cinema. They are quite easy to like and will offer you a good start. 




 The Limits of Control (2009) by Jim Jarmusch is in my opinion of the best films post-2000. Why? I think it's very misunderstood by many critics and a big majority of the public. But of course, there are those who just don't like it.     

I remember that Jarmusch said that it was an action movie without action, which I think is a fitting description. I simply love how Jarmusch is playing with the thriller/spy genre and at the same time pissing on the conventions. He takes away sex, weapons and cell phones, and there you have the three most used attributes of modern action movies removed. We also never come close to the threat we get hinted at. American agents are following the main protagonist, another character gets abducted, we see a helicopter in the sky, but Jarmusch never puts any importance to those things, which is great and liberating considering how they still are a part of the film. He moves within the thriller genre, but leaves out the parts that are loved by the mainstream movie viewers.      

Without spoiling too much, there's a certain scene in the film where there would be non-stop action in an ordinary action movie because of the circumstances, but Jarmusch even denounces action at that point too, he just puts imagination to use instead, which I feel is one of the main things the film is trying to say, that imagination is unstoppable. It's probably the best middle finger ever made to the viewers who always want everything explained to them. Brilliant. Also, Sunn O)))   Boris are part of the soundtrack, which just makes it better, as well as all the references to film and art in general. And the cinematography is just top-notch. 




 La Tour Montparnasse Infernale (2001). 




 You don't know about it? In my opinion, it's one of the best films ever made. It's directed by Andrei Tarkovsky and is loosely based on the life of the great 15th-century Russian icon painter that had the same name as the movie's title. While it's a biography, it's also a depiction of a very dark period in the Russian history marked by endless fighting between rival Princes and by Tatar invasions. 




 Andrey Rublyov (1966) would probably have been amazing. 









  How important is a movie-villain?       

Not at all. But that totally depends on what kind of movie it is and in which context you want to put the question in. There's plenty of movies that have a villain as an important part of the plot, and also plenty others that don't focus on that kind of classic plot at all. If a movie has a villain, I would say that it's usually always more appretiated with a villain that has nuances and depth than a villain that is just straight evil. Although it also depends on how the movie is handling it and how other parts work together with it.    


I'm not a fan of Gladiator (2000), but it was also many years ago I saw it, so I can't really say anything special about it. But different movies with villains handles them differently, I think that's the basic thing one has to acknowledge. And I guess it's good that you yourself can point out what you liked and not liked with the villains in those two movies. 




 * Il sorpasso (1962)      
* Im Lauf der Zeit (1976)      
* Pierrot le fou (1965)        




 Really? It's on lists like The 100 Greatest Sci-Fi Movies, 100 Science Fiction Films (BFI Screen Guide), AFI's 100 years...100 thrills, AFI's 100 years...100 cheers, Empire 500, Spike Lee's Essential Film List, The New York Times Guide to the Best 1,000 Movies Ever Made, The Guardian's 1000 Films to See Before You Die, They Shoot Pictures, Don't They?, Reddit top 250, FOK! top 250, The British Film Institute: 360 Classics, 501 Must See Movies (from the book with the same name), 1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die, both the directors and critics Sight and Sound 2012, David Thomson's Have You Seen? A Personal Introduction to 1,000 Films, and probably many, many more.     

The fact that it made the Reddit top 250 probably says that it's quite loved on a site like this. And many of the other lists are already proving that many critics like it as well, just to take some examples. 




 Great movie, but is it that unconventional to see in those kinds of list? You can see it on MovieSense 101, Reddit top 250, FilmTotaal top 250, Empire 500, The Guardian's 1000 Films to See Before You Die, FOK! top 250, They Shoot Pictures, Don't They?, Sight and Sound 2012 (both the Directors list and Critics list), 1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die, OFCS Top 100: 100 Best First Films, and Jonathan Rosenbaum's Essential Films to take some examples. 




 Here's my top ten list:        


1. Der siebente Kontinent (1989)     
2. Andrey Rublyov (1966)       
3. L'eclisse (1962)      
4. Jeanne Dielman, 23 Quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles (1975)     
5. Tanin no kao (1966)       
6. Erosu purasu Gyakusatsu (1969)      
7. Suna no onna (1964)    
8. Hiroshima mon amour (1959)     
9. Nattvardsgsterna (1963)      
10. Stntang (1994)       




 Well, there's several sites that you can use to keep track of the movies you have seen. IMDb, Letterboxd, ICheckMovies etc. Some have more functions than others. I can't see the weird thing in it. 




 How do you mean? It's quite simple. For example, you rate movies and keep track of that. Then you make a top 250 with the best ones every year, or whenever you want. 




 [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0stXu60iVE) one from Offret (1986). 




 If I have to choose one, I would go with They Shoot Pictures, Don't They?:    
http://www.theyshootpictures.com/gf1000_all1000films_table.php       

To say it quite simple:     
*"The They Shoot Pictures, Don't They? 1,000 greatest films list is primarily compiled by using 1,825 individual critics' and filmmakers' best-films-of-all-time lists/ballots. The resulting list is very diverse and spans virtually all movie-producing decades and countries."*      

I've seen almost every movie, and I can say myself that it's indeed a quite diverse list with tons of great and important movies. Many of my absolute favourites are on it. It'll give you a great overview of cinema in general. 




 Have you seen Andrei Tarkovsky's movies? He was great when it comes to using and putting dream sequences into his films. Stalker (1979), Zerkalo (1975) and Nostalgia (1983) all have them for example. Especially Zerkalo (1975) has a great flow when it combines dreams with contemporary scenes, memories and newsreel footage. 




 Because 90 critics gave it a positive ("fresh") rating and 11 gave it a negative ("rotten) one, so the percentage of positive reviews is calculated by that. You can read how the Tomatometer works on their website or on the Wikipedia page. Sometimes people seem to misunderstand how it works, I don't know if that's the case with you. Also, you could probably get some more insight when it comes to what some of the critics liked about it if you just read the reviews. You simply didn't like, and that's it. That's how it can be sometimes. 




 Fitzcarraldo (1982) by Werner Herzog. 




 Welt am Draht (1973) by Rainer Werner Fassbinder is my favourite. 




 It's a bit cryptic, but if you decontruct the film, there's a lot of political content to be found. Maybe [this](http://www.filmcomment.com/article/endgame-michael-hanekes-cache) article can help you understand everything a bit better. [Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-F6MJhwGLFQ) also an interesting video Dan North did that's about the film and the content that could help as well. 




 A splendid and great movie I hold very high. Filled with rain, loneliness and despair. The bar scene with the singer is amazing, one of my favourite movie scenes of all time. 




 Heh, I just posted a message about this some hours ago in the thread about the film. And as I already said, it probably means that the rights for showing it on television in the United States are cleared. So I guess we won't have to wait too long for a Criterion release. Too bad that I'm not in the US, so I don't think I can see it when it airs, but I'm glad that I have at least seen the movie once. It's a great one. Let's hope Qing mei zhu ma (1985) by Yang gets a nice restoration as well. 




 I don't necessarily see a slow pace being something bad or a disadvantage. Rather the opposite, it gives time to appretiate things like sound, the images, lightning, editing (especially if it's good and/or interesting) etc., it also gives me time to think and feel. I'm not in a hurry. The scenes are in the exact pace that Kubrick meant them to be. In real life, things move as they do, and a big part of cinema does mimic that. Sometimes movies could also invoke a feeling of immersion of time, something that Tarkovsky was good at for example, the feeling of being lost in time in the film. 




 When you say "have watched most things", it makes me wonder a bit. That's quite vague. Anyways, it's an entertaining, funny and good little flick, no more, no less. I wouldn't put it up as one of the best films ever made, quite very fram from it, and nothing I would put in my top 250 for example, but it's not a bad movie at all. Another thing, there's a newer TV series with the same name that's quite interesting too, it's inspired by the film, but has an anthology format. 




 All these things are very easy to find using Google. Yes, I know it's an easy answer, but you are demanding quite much. I don't think anyone here will have the time to spell out everything for you. It's very hard to know what you will be asked exactly. It's also even harder to give out certain moments, because there's really quite much information.    

Read some here:    
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_film      

Mark Cousins did an interesting documentary about the history of cinema, The Story of Film: An Odyssey (2011). It gives you a rough overview and goes through all of the decades with important movements, directors, key moments etc. It's a bit long, but as I said, it's very hard to cover so much if you have limitations. That's probably your best shot (plus the Wikipedia article) if you want to keep it simple. There's a ton of essays on what people think stands out with Kubrick, his importance and so on. Again, Google is great. 




 Lars von Trier's Melancholia (2011) had some great CGI that worked well. Examples:     
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOXNPovY6yE 




 Robert Bresson wasn't really a part of the French New Wave. He was a big influence though. And some directors hailed him as some sort of prototype or precursor to the movement, which I think is a better description. First of all, Bresson wasn't that outwardly experimental and not as politically extrovert as some of the New Wave directors. You also have his religious views (Catholicism and Jansenism) that didn't really fit in that much with the other filmmakers associated with the movement, especially not considering the youthful iconoclasm that New Wave films often had. And even though he wasn't outwardly experimental, his films were quite different from the typical New Wave films, but that's mostly because of his own rules he established to use in his movies. 




 I think I prefer Das weie Band - Eine deutsche Kindergeschichte (2009) more than Cach (2005). Do you mean that Cach (2005) didn't give you answers enough? Or anything else? I wouldn't really call it a lack, it's just the way Haneke works. He just doesn't provide you with simple answer, that's one of the best things with many of his films. 




 Well, it isn't necessarily that I don't like it, it's more that I'm deliberate when it comes to my grades. Also, I've only rated 367 movies from the 2010s, which isn't that much maybe. So there's a lot that I haven't seen yet too. Anyways, it doesn't change the fact that a 3/5 still is a good movie for me. 




 Not a big fan of him, but Se7en (1995) is decent. 




 Well it seems my top ten would look like this together with the ratings:    

1. Norte, hangganan ng kasaysayan (2013) (Lav Diaz) 4/5      
2. Book chon bang hyang (2011) (Hong Sang-soo) 4/5   
3. A torini l (2011) (Bla Tarr) 4/5      
4. Amour (2012) (Michael Haneke) 4/5     
5. Da-reun na-ra-e-seo (2012) (Hong Sang-soo) 4/5         
6. The Act of Killing (2012) (Joshua Oppenheimer) 4/5     
7. Dupa dealuri (2012) (Cristian Mungiu) 4/5     
8. Jodaeiye Nader az Simin (2011) (Asghar Farhadi) 4/5        
9. Le Havre (2011) (Aki Kaurismki) 4/5     
10. Like Someone in Love (2012) (Abbas Kiarostami) 3/5     




 Ten of the best ones:       

* A torini l (2011)     
* Book chon bang hyang (2011)     
* Cach (2005)       
* Das weie Band - Eine deutsche Kindergeschichte (2009)      
* Jodaeiye Nader az Simin (2011)      
* My Winnipeg (2007)        
* Norte, hangganan ng kasaysayan (2013)     
* The Act of Killing (2012)     
* The Limits of Control (2009)       
* White Material (2009)       




 The movie is scheduled to be shown on TCM in the beginning of September:    
http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title/511703/Brighter-Summer-Day-A/         

This probably means that the rights for showing it on television in the United States are cleared. So let's hope it won't be too long for a release. I just can't wait. It's a great movie that is begging for a Criterion treatment. 




 When it comes to horror, I would say that some of my absolute favourites are mandatory:       

* Eraserhead (1977)
* Hxan (1922)
* Les diaboliques (1955)
* Les yeux sans visage (1960)
* Nosferatu, eine Symphonie des Grauens (1922)
* Onibaba (1964)
* Possession (1981)
* Repulsion (1965)
* Spalovac mrtvol (1969)
* Yabu no naka no kuroneko (1968) 




 What do you mean exactly? It's a bit hard to tell. Of what I recall, the AMPAS started to nominate foreign language performances in 1960, with the first award given 1961. And from 1960 to 1966, Setsuko Hara did her last eight films. So she never had so much chance to get nominated and/or awarded for example. Then you also have the rule that films must have been commercially released in Los Angeles County and have English subtitles with the theatrical release etc., which can be a factor in cases like these. Anyways, I never measure the quality of a performance based on nominations/awards from the Academy Awards, I was just answering the question OP asked. 














 Your title basically says exactly the same thing about the ending as your post. If you want a discussion, you should probably point out why you thought the ending was shitty and what you were dissapointed with. 




 It is. But OP just asked where one can stream good quality movies for free, not pirated ones. There's a lot of stuff out there that is entirely free and legal to stream on various sites. 




 Actor: Chish Ry     
Actress: Setsuko Hara 




 My Winnipeg (2007) by Guy Maddin. 




 https://www.youtube.com/    
https://archive.org/index.php      
http://www.hulu.com/ also lets you stream some movies with a free account. 




 My single favourite one is L'eclisse (1962) by Michelangelo Antonioni. A great exploration of alienation, loneliness, doomed love, the inability to communicate, materialistic natures, and emptiness, all together with a poetic and hauntingly beautiful visual style and top-notch acting. 




 Sylvester Stallone himself has been a big collector of knives for a long time, it's quite known. So that explains the connection with knives in some of the movies he acted in. 




 A similar thread was created some hours ago, but it was only about gay and lesbian movies about relationships, but I have the same answer for this question, so I'll quote myself:     

*"Die bitteren Trnen der Petra von Kant (1972) by Rainer Werner Fassbinder. No doubt about it. I just love how the whole film takes place in one location and I love the long takes and how uncompromisingly shot it is. A film where only women take part in, drowned in decadence, power games and German angst. It's just so intense and amazing."* 




 I always find it so strange when people ask these kind of questions, why certain movies received so much bad criticism. Read the reviews, you'll probably found several ones where people point out why they didn't like it etc. It's as easy as that.     

Look here to find a lot of external reviews from all over the world:    
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1823672/externalreviews     

There's also sites like Metacritic, Rotten Tomatoes etc. If you want reviews from every Tom, Dick and Harry, just check out the user reviews on IMDb. And as I said in a similar thread, it doesn't always have to be you that's missing something because you like/dislike a movie and a big majority of people have another opinion, taste is subjective.    

I myself didn't like the movie at all. If you wonder why, I'll just copy a short summary of what I wrote in an older thread about it:        

*"I thought it was quite bad. For a narrative film of this kind and for it to be an allegory of interest, the story was too simple sided and superficial. In the end, I couldn't care less about anything. The whole movie felt something like a promotional commercial for Die Antwoord, which was silly. And quite everything actually felt silly, stupid, hollow and over the top in a bad way. From the pathetic dialogue to the action and to how it was shot. It's hard to take it seriously, because it doesn't work as a comedy or any kind of critique of something either. It makes me wonder if Blomkamp offered someone from junior high to write him the dialogue."* 




 Well, I would suggest this link for you:   
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110632/externalreviews        

It links a big amount of external reviews of the movie. Some people like it more than others, some people dislike it more than others. But going through some reviews might help you see exactly what other people like in the film. 




  I was never in to Noir films, then again, I've never seen one    

Well, you pretty much explained it yourself, heh. I myself would recommend looking into Touch of Evil (1958), Double Indemnity (1944) and The Third Man (1949), some of my own film noir favourites. All three are quite mandatory if you have the slightest interest in cinema at all. Sunset Blvd. (1950) is also a must see, even though it isn't one of my personal favourites, it's still important. If you are interested, film noir is well worth looking into, the 40s and 50s were two of the greatest decades for Hollywood in my opinion. 









 Art Theatre Guild. To start with, the connection with the Japanese New Wave is of course essential, a movement which I am really fond of. ATG's production system always put the art of moviemaking in the centre. All of the projects were selected solely on their artistic merits, nothing else. ATG was also totally free from the structures and conventions of the mainstream Japanese studio system, so the movies released by ATG often had focus on interesting, rich, nuanced, experimental and radical explorations of sex, violence, politics, and social revolution. And with films like Mujo (1970), Kshikei (1968) and Bara no sretsu (1969) to take some examples, the films usually had very high quality the them. Nagisa shima, Akio Jissoji, Shhei Imamura, Toshio Matsumoto, Yoshishige Yoshida, Kaneto Shind, Kji Wakamatsu, and Shji Terayama are just some of the directors that were affiliated with ATG. And that's some of the best ones from Japan. 




 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mortal_Instruments 




 My favourite movie is Der siebente Kontinent (1989) by Michael Haneke. For those who haven't seen it, it's about a middle-class couple that's living together with their daughter. They dream of escaping to Australia to start a new life. Their current life is monotonous and full of routines, but they decide to do something about it one day. First of all, I love the form and how uncompromising it is. There is no soundtrack, so the little music that exists in the film is diegetic. The color palette is very dry and bleak, just like the overall atmosphere. Haneke takes his time by telling the story with long and static takes instead of moving the camera, which I'm a big fan of, I think that just adds to the form and connects well with the monotonous life of the family. There's no clear answers, which I also admire Haneke for, he is great when it comes to asking important questions and making his audience think and feel.       
There's no other movie that made me feel as much as this one. It's just crushing. It's like a punch in the gut. Der siebente Kontinent (1989) also gives some interesting discussions about alienation, existentialism, society and materialism. One of my favourite scenes is the one with the family sitting and just staring while their TV is on with the song "The Power of Love" playing, a wonderful juxtaposition considering the nihilistic tone and depressing atmosphere the movie actually has.     
I can go on talking about it a bit more, but I'm not going to spoil out everything here, so this will do as for now. In my opinion, this movie is simply amazing and a true masterpiece. 









 I don't get why you are questioning if you are missing something or not, especially not when it comes to a movie like this. It doesn't have to be you that's missing something if you didn't like a film. It's a franchise that already has a big fan base and a big amount of the general public is probably going to love it, that's easy to figure out. Also, it's a big mainstream Hollywood movie draped in CGI that seemed rather problematic and flawed just by looking at the trailer, did you really expect a cinematic masterpiece? And of what I have seen, there's been some critique here on Reddit about it, so I wouldn't say that the movie is as loved as you seem to think. 




 Here's 15 great movies that have stunning visual styles:       

* 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968)       
* A Zed   Two Noughts (1985)       
* Den-en ni shisu (1974)        
* El topo (1970)        
* Erosu purasu Gyakusatsu (1969)      
* Himiko (1974)       
* Le mpris (1963)       
* Marketa Lazarov (1967)      
* Narayama bushik (1958)      
* Saraba natsu no hikari (1968)          
* Sayat Nova (1969)      
* Sho o suteyo machi e deyou (1971)    
* Shura (1971)    
* The Holy Mountain (1973)       
* Werckmeister harmnik (2000)        




 There was a similar thread in the Criterion subreddit, although it concerned their own releases only. But my number one favourite still remains the same outside of that collection, so I'll just qoute myself and repeat what I said about it:    

*"Die bitteren Trnen der Petra von Kant (1972) by Rainer Werner Fassbinder. No doubt about it. I just love how the whole film takes place in one location and I love the long takes and how uncompromisingly shot it is. A film where only women take part in, drowned in decadence, power games and German angst. It's just so intense and amazing."* 




 Film Art: An Introduction by David Bordwell and Kristin Thompson is a good start if you are new to film analysis. It goes through the basic stuff pretty much in a quite accessible way. It also has several other references which can help you go further in your quest. You can find it pretty much everywhere. If you don't have the money, check out your local library for example. 




 When you mention American Beauty (1999) and Eyes Wide Shut (1999), I think of The Ice Storm (1997), Mulholland Dr. (2001) and Happiness (1998). 




 Die bitteren Trnen der Petra von Kant (1972) by Rainer Werner Fassbinder. No doubt about it. I just love how the whole film takes place in one location and I love the long takes and how uncompromisingly shot it is. A film where only women take part in, drowned in decadence, power games and German angst. It's just so intense and amazing. 




 And I would like to take the opportunity to recommend one of my favourites, Die bitteren Trnen der Petra von Kant (1972) by Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fantastic movie. 









 Looks like a movie where the white men are supposed to be the heroes when they are saving the other white people from the foreigners. Hooray. And of course, the main point is probably that we should care the most for the priviliged white American nuclear family. While this could be a great chance to get some discussion going when it comes to politics, war and coups, it's probably not going to happen. Seems to be a very problematic movie. And the slow motion scene in the trailer was really silly. I'm almost already tired of this solely based on the trailer and premise. And that isn't a good sign. 




 Do you have some examples? Because I looked on their website and the cheapest Blu-ray titles from Criterion Collection were around $22.99 (exept for two that were $19.99 and $21.99). Some were also already on sale. If I go to Barnes   Noble and check out some of the same titles when they are having their sale, I'll still get a cheaper price. 




 I think this is the case of when they're trying to make a satire out of something, but only to become a part of it themselves, which doesn't really work well and becomes more of a problem. It's almost the same case with Showgirls (1995), I can appretiate what Verhoeven is trying to criticize, but the movie has a tendency to become a part of it itself. 




 A really cool and great Shinoda movie. It really looks splendid, very well shot. 




 I don't know what you were trying to say, because you just proved that you still save some bucks if you buy from the sale. Depending on where you live and the amount you are spending, there's free shipping available at Barnes   Noble too. Sure, Amazon sometimes have it as well, but it seems to be easier to get at Barnes   Noble. Also, Barnes   Noble can give members additional discounts plus coupons, which can get you even better prices. For example, I bought the Zatoichi: The Blind Swordsman box set from the Barnes   Noble sale last year for very little money, I don't think you'll ever be able to find it on Amazon brand new for the price I got it for. The main thing is to always look and compare the prices, but of what I have seen, you rarely find better prices on these titles than from the Barnes   Noble sale, so your argument doesn't really hold. 




 Everyone else? Do you have some examples of where you can find titles from Criterion Collection at the same price as the 50% off sale that Barnes   Noble have? 




 Yeah, I'm looking forward to it. This is the opportunity if you want to get some titles from Criterion Collection cheap. I have some titles written down that I want, we'll see how much it gets. Poor wallet. 




 Uzak (2002) by Nuri Bilge Ceylan maybe? 




 I think one of them was sarcastic. Or maybe you are too? 




 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) and Solyaris (1972). 









 Well, it's good that people are addressing how African-Americans are portrayed in film, but it seemed rather strange to make a whole article about how the writer is done with the film. It's been around since 1939, so this isn't really any news. It would have been more relevant if it was a review or if she talked about how it is today and making similarites and/or differences to put it in context, or just something else to give it some more discussion value. 




  His    

A little correction, it was written by Kristen Page-Kirby, a woman. 




  But some of them are just in English and neither are set in America (thematically or geographically) nor have any involvement of America.     

And OP asked for the movies to be either American or in the English language:     


*"What are some of the best American/ English language movies created by foreign directors?"* 




 The releases by Criterion Collection usually have nice looking menus. I like the simplicity that many of them have.   
Here are some examples:         

http://www.dvdtalk.com/reviews/images/reviews/76/full/1371834742_4.jpg     
http://www.dvdtalk.com/reviews/images/reviews/76/1184330045_4.jpg     
http://www.dvdtalk.com/reviews/images/reviews/76/full/1406554394_3.jpg 




 I don't really care about height, but since you are asking, I'll have to go with Gunnar Bjrnstrand who was 6' 3". 




 I never really considered this before you asked, but Nema-ye Nazdik (1990), Nun va Goldoon (1996) and Ayneh (1997) are three movies that came up in my head. They all came out in the 90s, they are all Iranian movies, they are all filmed in Tehran, and most importantly, all of them are metafilms, which I think connects them in a special way. Also, it should be noted that it's three different directors behind them. 




 1. C'era una volta il West (1968) (Sergio Leone)     
2. Paris, Texas (1984) (Wim Wenders)       
3. Il buono, il brutto, il cattivo (1966) (Sergio Leone)    
4. Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans (1927) (F.W. Murnau)     
5. City Girl (1930) (F.W. Murnau)     
6. Possession (1981) (Andrzej Zulawski)        
7. Providence (1977) (Alain Resnais)     
8. Repulsion (1965) (Roman Polanski)    
9. The Holy Mountain (1973) (Alejandro Jodorowsky)     
10. Blowup (1966) (Michelangelo Antonioni)        




 * A Zed   Two Noughts (1985): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sClBFDt4jSE
* Rengoku eroica (1970): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiOnETIFQCY
* Solyaris (1972): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qGI9E70Pe4 




 Modern Times (1936), that's how you do slapstick comedy. 




 I'm glad that people are talking about these things. While I don't fully agree with the writer about storytelling and characters and what every film needs, I can agree with him about a higher standard, that people should have that today. In a way, it does have to do much with taste of course.      

When I was looking at the list of the highest all-time worldwide box office films (about 600 films), I could probably count the ones that actually are good/decent (of those I have seen) on two hands, maybe even only one. I may be picky, but I think it says a lot when it comes to Hollywood and how big budgets doesn't at all equal great movies, at least for me. It's almost the opposite when it comes to my taste. The best movies I've ever seen are not even near that list.      

The one who wrote the Turn off Your Brain article actually said something very good:    

*"We should demand more from films. Instead of asking viewers to turn their brains off, how about we ask the people who make these things to turn their brains on?"* 




 Wake in Fright (1971). 




 It's not bad. Probably Malick's best one. Martin Sheen and Sissy Spacek are great in it. 




 Alex Garland said in March earlier this year that a sequel would likely not happen in the near future. And when he said that he meant at least not with the crew that was involved in the film he directed.

Source: http://screencrush.com/dredd-2-not-happening/ 




 I would say that the best ones are these:        

* Eclipse Series 3: Late Ozu   
* Eclipse Series 11: Larisa Shepitko    
* Eclipse Series 13: Kenji Mizoguchis Fallen Women     
* Eclipse Series 19: Chantal Akerman in the Seventies      
* Eclipse Series 21: Oshimas Outlaw Sixties      
* Eclipse Series 39: Early Fassbinder      
* Eclipse Series 40: Late Ray      

In terms of the best films, I would easily choose The Ozu set. But it all depends on what you like and what you are into. 




 Oldeuboi (2003) is one of the most popular and loved Korean movies, so that's a recommendation. It's good. I don't know if you have seen it already, if not, that's a good and easy way to go next. It's also a part of a trilogy.            

Otherwise, check out [100 Korean Films](https://www.icheckmovies.com/lists/100+korean+films) and [100 Korean Masterpieces by Film 2.0 (2008 Edition)](https://www.icheckmovies.com/lists/100+korean+masterpieces+by+film+2.0+2008+edition/) which are two list that provide you with some essential and important Korean cinema, you'll find both newer and older films there. [Korean Movie Database](http://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/) and [Korean Film Archive](http://www.koreafilm.org/) are two other useful sites that could come in handy too.      

Lately I've been into Hong Sang-soo, a great director from South Korea that makes good dramas. I can recommend Book chon bang hyang (2011), one of the best movies I've seen post-2000. 




 Great and beautifully shot film by Yoshida. 




 La plante sauvage (1973). 




 It's a great film. I like how simplistic it is in a way, but still big, beautiful and full of depth. Talk about a strong debut. A very interesting depiction on how rural life, poverty and dreams can be to human beings. Ray's direction is just lyrical and poetic, very pure and full of emotions. Ravi Shankar's music is amazing too. And when it comes to Ray in general, I have to say that he was a great director and very important for Indian cinema (and of course cinema in general). Jalsaghar (1958) is my favourite by him. I remember that it was the first Indian film I ever saw. It makes me happy that Criterion are releasing the Apu trilogy on Blu-ray and that we're going to see even more of his films restored. Speaking of Ray, I actually bought a little book about him written by Folke Isaksson and Stig T. Karlsson that I should start reading soon. 




 Pather Panchali (1955) is brilliant. 




 Aruitemo aruitemo (2008) is quite good, but I wouldn't say that it's as masterful as some of Ozu's best films. Koreeda's work doesn't really have the same framing and uncompromising form as many of Ozu's films have, even if we can see that he's a bit on his way in specifically Aruitemo aruitemo (2008) where the influences are very clear. Koreeda said himself that he feels that his own films are much closer to what Naruse did, and I would also agree a bit with that, especially with the bleaker worldview in social reality and a bit more sentimentality. The tranquil subtlety and unique stillness isn't really on par with Ozu for me. Some of Koreeda's work before Aruitemo aruitemo (2008) also had a more documentary feeling. And let's not forget that Ozu did comedies and gangster films in the beginning of his career. Anyways, the themes in Aruitemo aruitemo (2008) are of course very similar to the majority of films that Ozu made, that's easy to agree with. I'm just a bigger fan of Ozu than Koreeda, but I absolutely think Koreeda has done some good stuff. As I already said, Aruitemo aruitemo (2008) is good, although it's more of a homage that copies a lot from Ozu and Naruse than being something really, really unique. 




 It really seems to deserve it, the movie looks so absolutely terrible that it's sad. 




 I think it could help to read the novel of the same name by Thomas Pynchon. But if you want to do it before, after or not at all, that's up to you. I think the main thing is to not just try too hard understanding exactly everything. I feel that a lot of it is meant to be complicated and confusing to the viewer, just as it is for Sportello. In my opinion, I also think that it's more important to take in what you simply feel before understanding it all. There's probably several in-depth explanations online, which you could read afterwards too. Multiple viewings could help as well. 




 If short films count for you, then I believe Pool Sharks (1915) is the oldest one. 









 * Andrey Rublyov (1966)       
* Der siebente Kontinent (1989)     
* Erosu purasu Gyakusatsu (1969)        
* Hiroshima mon amour (1959)       
* Jeanne Dielman, 23 Quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles (1975)          
* L'eclisse (1962)      
* Nattvardsgsterna (1963)      
* Stntang (1994)     
* Suna no onna (1964)      
* Tanin no kao (1966)      




 I really liked Stntang (1994) much more than the novel. 




 The original release. In my opinion, the edited version has a jazzy soundtrack that doesn't go too well with the atmosphere of the movie. And the narration by Burroughs isn't at all necessary, the images speak better for themselves together with the already existing intertitles. Also, the edited version is heavily cut, which leaves out a lot. 




 I haven't seen that one, I just know that it wasn't really well-received, but it was clearly a financial success. And by the looks of this, I guess money is the big motivation. 




 Mon oncle (1958) by Jacques Tati. 




 It is! I would easily put on my top 10 list of both the best Swedish movies ever made and the best silents ever made. It has a great and dark atmosphere, an interesting narrative structure and top-notch use of double exposures. 




 Figrin D'an and the Modal Nodes from Star Wars (1977). 




  You have never seen a trailer and thought "I will probly pass on that one"? 

Of course, I don't think anyone watches every single movie they've seen a trailer for. There's thousands of movies I mostly ignore. But that doesn't mean that I convinced myself to never watch it in my whole life. I just prefer to have an open mode to the whole thing. 




 To be honest, none. I'd rather see more original, innovative and interesting ideas and movies revolving around anything other than tons of so called cinematic universes where the studios pump them out one after another, on and on. Of course, I realize that these kind of things make money and that's what Hollywood are going after as well as the big general public, but it would be great to see a big change. I can't say that the majority of these big movies getting pumped out with their own cinematic universes hold any real quality either. I know this change isn't likely going to happen though, but that's my two cents. 




 I can't think of a single movie where I said to myself or anybody else that I'll never watch it. I don't see any real need for myself to set any specific boundaries when it comes to things like these. If I don't want to watch a movie, the reason is more likely because there's other movies I rather watch or because I'm just not that interested in it, which doesn't have to be a case of putting it on a list of movies I'll never watch. I try to be pretty open-minded when it comes to what I watch, but what I like is another thing. 




 Gena Rowlands in A Woman Under the Influence (1974), she's simply just amazing in that one. 




 The Limits of Control (2009). 




 There's a lot. I suggest that you look up some of the stuff Criterion Collection and Eureka (Masters of Cinema) have released, they usually have great transfers. And well, it also depends on what you mean with "older".         

Here's three examples of some older films that I own that look amazing:     

* L'eclisse (1962) (Criterion Collection)       
* Pickpocket (1959) (Criterion Collection)       
* Seppuku (1962) (Masters of Cinema)       

http://www.blu-ray.com/ is also a good source if you want to know a bit more about certain releases, they have a big amount of reviews where they for example talk about the video quality etc.     




 Based on the films you mentioned and liked, I would really recommend looking into these:     

* Ascenseur pour l'chafaud (1958)      
* Hiroshima mon amour (1959)  
* L'immortelle (1963)        
* L'amour  mort (1984)       
* La peau douce (1964)         
* Le mpris (1963)      
* Pickpocket (1959)     
* Ma nuit chez Maud (1969)    

Maybe you already know some of them because you mentioned films by Resnais, Malle and Truffaut already, I don't know how much you have watched so far, but they're all great. 




