 Korean Jesus  




 I'm a democrat and I don't know how so many people think she's the savior of the Democratic Party.   She would never ever ever win a general election.   




 Jerry Springer  




 Trust me.  She's fat.  




 Omg.  I know that fat TSA agent.   




 http://youtu.be/i4EARItfoG4  This reminded me of The Office  














 cankle  









 Hmm  




 I mean what guy doesn't like "redhead" 









 Fuck.  That's what I was thinking.  Get the fuck outta my head!!!!  Chinese to go box.   




 Beyonc...because Beyonc.   









 Clinton/Poehler 2016!!!!!??? 




 Clinton/Poehler 2016!!!!!  




 PeeWee or Freddie Mercury?  Oh wait, is PeeWee dead?  




 Why the fuck would he do that to u?   He's ur bother for God sakes.  




 I'm not trying to print.  I'm trying to log into reddit.  









 Hate to say it but The Simpsons... 




 So what's a "voluntary quarantine" 




 This is SFW...FYI  




 IKEA  









 Yup  









 For what?  I seriously want to know what would be the purpose?  To prove a point?  I get it.  Someone like Sanders or Warren or whoever...but come on.  If we are being honest, we need someone who can actually win.  I believe in so many things Elizabeth Warren believes in but she would hand the election over to the republicans.  Same goes for sanders.   




 Not sure if anyone knows but Sen. Sanders would never ever ever ever win a GENERAL ELECTION!!!!  




 Yah...WalMart employees?  Have you seen them?  Its like a leper colony.   




 The power of Christ compels you.   




 Is this Oscar from The Office???? 




 Antonio Banderas has really let himself go... 




 Feed me Seymour  




 Awesome that someone gave him away for free and didn't just dump him in the street.  




 Disappointed about sales of your last album?  




 Lord Jesus it's a YouTube link.  I thought it was a gif.   




 "I think I have Ebola"  




 Wow.  Where is Pakistan anyway?  Is it in Iraq?  




 Duh  




 That dog is like, "Bitch I'm out this bitch." 




 Now?  you didn't know until now? 




 Brookline!!! 




 I thought the gif had stalled or something.  I opened and closed it 3 times before realizing... 




 I thought it was funny.   




 Nailed it  




 I don't have any sympathy for her.   




 What's he looking at?  




 This has to be fake.  




 This movie is amazing.   Saw this last week. 2 thumbs up!  




 A whole lotta stank going on I bet.   




 Clean the windshield  




 Jesus ain't got nothing on dem  




 Sarcasm  




 Oh god.  Give it up.  Ya lost.   









 Poundland?  Is that a sex shop? 




 lucky for me I live in Nevada now where nothing is tacky.  

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Excalibur_Hotel_and_Casino 




 http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homecoming 




 yup.  The purple ball Is a fucking xmas tree ornament.   




 thats for damn sure.   I went to al very small school in Texas.  300 total kids (grades 9 to 12) in the entire school.   20 girls were pregnant at one time when I was a junior.  20.  Wtf  









 She has a "Predator" head  




 Lol. Hey. I'm the most liberal democrat in the world.  Lol.  But funny is funny.   









 Oh god.  Mr. Magoo... 




 Actually...it looks like a bunny  




 Holy shit.  Amazing  




 First thing I saw was black hitler  




 It's an outhouse  














 I agree.  Two thumbs down.   



















 The Sopranos...Best TV series ever.  Even better than Breaking Bad.   




 Purposeful bitch.   









 No shit.  In the email, it doesn't have a price.  I wonder why.  









 "Foodstuffs". lol  




 It's nice but not sure about being the best and "tears"  




 His face though  




 Me too.  Think that grinds my gears is that I can't comprehend why celebrities would treat fans like this.  I don't get it.   









 Exactly.  At at that time. I actually watched Mad Men (before I went off the rails a bit).  




 Hamm was a dick.  Keith was drunk.   Lil was a Douche.   Colin whatever was a racist.   




 Jon fucking Hamm. Total douche. Saw him outside of a hotel in El Lay. He was smoking a cig with some twat. I asked to take a pic and he told me yes but only one pic because "one turns into two" to which I replied "and two turns into three". He was not amused.
Toby Keith-big fuvking douche. Refused to take a pic with me and he smelled like weed and whiskey. I took the pic anyway.
Lil Jon-douche and a half.  Was at a casino here in Vegas.  He was telling the girl that was with him that he was tired of taking pictures with people while he was taking a picture with me.  Wtf.  I said are you sure it's cool to take a picture and he smiled and said yah of course.  

49ers QB Colin Kaperehatever.  I went up to him here in Vegas and he said that he was too busy to take a pic.  But then he took a picture with an African American couple.  Yup.  I'm latino.  I guess he didn't think I was worthy.  

http://imgur.com/tLbEU82 http://imgur.com/30dBw9w http://imgur.com/1Dp1yRS 




 Jon fucking Hamm. Total douche. Saw him outside of a hotel in El Lay. He was smoking a cig with some twat. I asked to take a pic and he told me yes but only one pic because "one turns into two" to which I replied "and two turns into three". He was not amused.
Toby Keith-big fuvking douche. Refused to take a pic with me and he smelled like weed and whiskey. I took the pic anyway.
Lil Jon-douche and a half.  Was at a casino here in Vegas.  He was telling the girl that was with him that he was tired of taking pictures with people while he was taking a picture with me.  Wtf.  I said are you sure it's cool to take a picture and he smiled and said yah of course.  


http://imgur.com/tLbEU82 http://imgur.com/30dBw9w http://imgur.com/1Dp1yRS 




 Jon fucking Hamm. Total douche. Saw him outside of a hotel in El Lay. He was smoking a cig with some twat. I asked to take a pic and he told me yes but only one pic because "one turns into two" to which I replied "and two turns into three". He was not amused.
Toby Keith-big fuvking douche. Refused to take a pic with me and he smelled like weed and whiskey. I took the pic anyway.
Lil Jon-douche and a half.  Was at a casino here in Vegas.  He was telling the girl that was with him that he was tired of taking pictures with people while he was taking a picture with me.  Wtf.  


http://imgur.com/tLbEU82 http://imgur.com/30dBw9w http://imgur.com/1Dp1yRS 




 Jon fucking Hamm.  Total douche.  Saw him outside of a hotel in El Lay.  He was smoking a cig with some twat.  I asked to take a pic and he told me yes but only one pic because "one turns into two" to which I replied "and two turns into three".  He was not amused.  

Toby Keith-big fuvking douche.  Refused to take a pic with me and he smelled like weed and whiskey.  I took the pic anyway.  

Lil Jon-douche and a half. 

http://imgur.com/tLbEU82
http://imgur.com/30dBw9w
http://imgur.com/1Dp1yRS
 




 Good job BUT put down the fucking pizza.  Simple stuff 




 The lady picked up his cell phone  




 Lol. Who still wears Esprit? 









 Ha 









 He was funny.  Don't listen to the jerk off above u.  









 Drink it!!! 




 A...Fucking...Men  




 I saw them.  They were protesting in Ferguson.   




 I like the one with the cross.   




 Even the vending machine has too much CGI 




 March 14, 1999.  




 http://www.troll.me/2011/08/19/lil-jon/yeah-2/ 









 I thought it was some type of promotion but the guy paid for the cases and then gave the beer away after he left.   









 Kim and Kanye 




 Fugg 




 Die  




 I thought it was funny.  




 Big Conga line.  









 Ha.  And they have the ewok ones that are hilarious.   




