 Open city with lots of spaces to crawl around to discover secrets/world lore. I would actually like if ME focused on the exploratory element. 




 This reminds me that I have yet to finish EP2 




 [Visualisation](http://i.imgur.com/81OJBbr.png) 




 *proceeds to slap the fire and run upon realization that it's hot* 









 "Now eat the shit as you were told, bro. lol" 




  my front

FTFY

 




 No Skype?  




 I'll have you know that I'm like, you know, 22 or something 




 *unpatiently rapping finger* 




 I do. The degrees of change depend on how fast you scroll, it takes a little getting used to. 




 We need at least one new planet. 




 I have eaten zero pizzas today.  :[ 




  being new

 being this new 




 You casual, this is how you do it

http://i.imgur.com/Bo8uPUb.gif
 




 Cat. 




 thank mr. skeltal 




 That is the way memes work :D

A lot of things is stupid shit, but they are catchy or somehow entertaining, so they spread.

A similar example is /r/CatsStandingUp , I think you'll get what's up with that. 




 I find it sad that there is this hitlerish SJW cancer on Reddit... 




 I find calling these people neckbeards offensive, this is far below it. 




 Lol, these mini-hitlers are the worst. [I actually got banned from me_irl just because I dare to have a sense of humor](http://www.reddit.com/r/banned/comments/36ahdi/banned_from_rme_irl_because_i_dare_to_have/) 




  SJWs seem to think it is my job to make my preference for cis women clear and ask a person in advance if they are in fact biologically female

Define yourself, shitlord! 




  Fuck yeah

Fuck yeah!  




 Sick reference bro. 




 There is no reason to believe any person has ever rose from the dead after 3 days of being actually dead, so I am going with no. 




 Sweating. 




 Science is a tool, not a cause. 




 But that is the whole point. Why to believe it when you have no real grounds for it except faith? 




 Most libraries don't have the kind of money Best Buy does, though. 




 I work in a library as a shelver, and often I go pick up some book from the depository for someone - there are many tens of thousands of books and if some of my colleagues misshelved a book by just one shelf, it would practically be lost.

The visitors do that often and it is just by luck when I find out and shelve it correctly during my shift, and there is like one big audit a year for the public part of the library. Please, try to get books back to their place. 




 I don't see anything trashy here. Is it about the sitting on the flag? I smell flag fetishism. 









 360 kb/s

Makes me wonder why I'm not paying for my own internet connection yet... 




 For a while, it's worth it. 




 (   ) 




 But this wasn't on purpose, was it? They just didn't know how to make it realistic.  




 You make $100k a month? 




 So much to wrap one's head around in the last 3 episodes...

What are they?  




 It's funny that some people think that the second a person has passed AoC they somehow magically become suddenly attractive and they weren't before. 




 Hmm, they look younger than usual "teens" on porn sites... _ 




 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ephebophilia 




 Female Harry Potter 




 Whom have you killed? _ 




 There is a difference between a person who does Christian Science and a scientist who happens to be a Christian, I think you might want to clarify yourself. 




 We need men drinking, killing, and raping! It's their role! 




 That view has been with humans so long... I like seeing it shift, other animals may not have such a complex sentience as we do, but they are sentient and  notwithstanding. 




 A lot has been said about that, but I think it is just a knee jerk reaction to guys enjoying something they *supposedly* shouldn't...

 




 I actually liked how amateur-ish it was. 




 Derek, FiM, Adventure Time, Foster's 




 That I don't get any. 




 I've got two free, they're called hands. 




 You're already hurt. 




 It's a perfect mathc, I guess? 




 What if there will be a time in the future when this art style will be popular once again (and I don't mean after some war)? 




 Looks like a half PET bottle. O_o 




 Edgar Allan Hitler 




 Now the button is over, I say it once again. Say it with me:

We are proud purples! 




 Lol, and true filthy greys never got to experience The Pushing. I am glad it ended. 




 Nope, [that sword](http://fable.wikia.com/wiki/Solus_Greatsword) is even more powerful. Curiously enough, according to wiki it seems that Sword of Aeons has been [grossly nerfed](http://fable.wikia.com/wiki/Sword_of_Aeons) in TLC, otherwise it would indeed be the most powerful one.

I wonder why, it defeats the purpose of having to kill your sis to obtain it. Solus Greatsword should be less powerful. 




 Oh man. I killed my sister in Fable 1 for that sword - the fact I have a sister IRL made it quite hard for me (there were even some tears). Little did I know that in TLC edition there were one more powerful sword...

Since then I am dead inside. 




 Can't hold it back anymore. 




  Decorated the attic with a bunch of sad clown paintings and fish tanks with dead fish.

Haha, I laughed way too much. It's the little things that make it so messed up. 




  Especially in the stomach because they'd fall down and wiggle around for a while before they died.

10/10 would join IS again 




 Hello Hitler, my old friend... 




 I cannot recall Vegas crashing on my PC. Freezing when alt-tabbing yes, but crashes are rare for me. 




 Afaik even pigs and hogs do this, but by shooting an extremely big load. 









 Priceless. 




 I want that fucking painting. P_O 




  Dank government memes

FTFY

Dank government memes aren't your average everyday memes, they are advanced memes. 









 http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/38gutv/eli5_why_do_public_toilet_seats_have_a_gap_in_the/crv6g7u 




 So nice :) 




 Source? I'd like to see where they got it from, because it's unbelievable...

EDIT: [Nvm, found it](https://www.facebook.com/ParentsAgainstGunViolence/photos/pb.413407645397893.-2207520000.1433408251./855852971153356/?type=1) 




 Would you just grow it for colours or what? We had microscopes and we identified them. Also, why the fuck do people sniff unknown growth on petri dishes? In my class we would get likely berated for that. Geez, I miss my microbiology class... 




 We had a pretty good microbiology lab in high school and we tested stuff and sometimes pathogen appeared - of course, we were careful with that. It may have been against the regulations, but our teacher took it as an opportunity to encounter some real dangerous microorganisms. 









 Haha, I like it :D 




 Man can pretend, can't he? 




 I hope I'll live to see that. (which I should) 




 I think we'll be coming in dry. 




 What are your specs?  




 The first Moon landing. 




 More animals definitely helps. My first cat had been with us for a year before we got a second (and some time after that third) one. She hissed at the kitten the whole first night, but she is recovering from that shock and becoming more social, it seems. 




 No, it was just unstable. They already started working on porting it to Unity 5. 




 "Space is big. Really big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is." 




 Half-expected Lenny Face, I don't know why.

This is cuter, though. 




 They removed it, presumably until they convert the game to Unity 5. 




 Never thought Gilly had so much science.   




 Don't forget to oppress their udders, shitlord.  




 Whenever you see a cow remember that it is just a female bull. 




 Faith can fuck people up. 




 In the universal perspective, it doesn't make any impact, that is what I think OP says. 




 Dank of some memes is now limited to below 9000. 




 Still 50+ years after Jesus' death, and the events may have been exaggerated or even thought up in details.  




 What evidence? You mean alleged say so of some alleged people written down decades after the alleged events happened?  




 Due to how many lies, disinformation and so on has been spread through the whole history, I think that only convincing evidence would have to be a hard physical kind, measurable, repeatable, unambiguous and concrete. 




 Indoctrination, magical thinking, lack of understanding of scientific method, widespread disinformation, you name it. 




 At a time, almost all people pelieved that the Earth was stationary at the center of the universe and the planets were attached to crystalline spheres. Would you say that it was true then? 




 It loops just as the cam does the loop. 




 Wtf is wrong with dogs :D 




 The dog's like "this is for fucking my mom last night". 




 That dog sure knows how to assert dominance... O_O

And they just stand there, watching it. : 




 You can say the same about your own god. 




 It seems to me a special kind of mental gymnastics after supposing that the universe might have had a simple external cause to be able to somehow connect it with some very specific god like the Christian one and all the religious mythology. 




 Space travel 




 How to self-learn all that math that would scare me back in the high school? 




 It is quite heavy, though. 




 Neither I see here any crime. 




 Wow, that's a nice touch. 




 They can't meme properly, it seems. 




 [SED has a coool video on the shutters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSzuiqVjJg4) 




 At least he got plenty of sunlight. 









 Can he play a piano? If so, he could make a living out of it, somehow. 




 What about the internet? That would also surely mean certain social contact, wouldn't it? 




 This really should be a red flag for everyone, we might be comfortable now,  but these incidents are just the beginning - of we do not take it seriously, the death toll could rise to tens of millions.  









 Idk, once I was walking down the street and one dog just attacked my leg for no reason... 




 Stand back owlings, I've got this! 




 Soon(tm) 




 All grey will fall one day. 




 Haha, why do SJWs make issues out of non-issues?  




 That is interesting. Consciousness is a way for the brain to program itself, it seems. It is an incredibly complex organ, I hope we will eventually have mapped all the chemical and neurological pathways so we can understand if and how consciousness emerges.  




 I think some of the stages are actually pretty fun - bacterial stage and civilization stages stand out for me, others would need a major revamp. The space age has some things that are fantastic (amazing big galaxy with terraformable/colonable planets and stuff), but that is killed by other things like the Grox, having just one ship to defend all outposts and more.

I liked Spore, but it could be a lot better. So much potential, and it was actually quite fun at times. I also regret buying Galactic Adventures, because I only tried them once or twice and never played it again.

I th 




 Sorry, that is what I meant by arbitrary in this case, you wrote it better. 




 Afaik all we know points to consciousness being a physical phenomena within brains and that concepts cannot exist without brains they are a part of. 




 I think the problem is that social sciences and economics are largely arbitrary. 




 Bookbutt is me waifu, punk. 









 Yes. Yes. Marecum! Marecum! 




 "keep playing, sissies." 




 I think free fraps trial would suffice for a short video. 




 "Too... much... butter..." 




 But she's a Blackhawk on the inside. 




 Human banana trees. 




 It would miss itself, but I don't think there are any dependencies. 




 How do you do it? I played stealthy, but still killed people because I saw no other way, for instance in Daud's lair. 




 I tried to play as stealthy I could (but killed a few people each mission) and got the bad ending :/ 




 Oh boy, he just found a new hobby _ 




 You may not believe how hard it is to find a butt turned away when you're looking for it. All full buttholes, spreadeagles and other kinky explicit things, but you have to search a while for a classy butt.

The shit is surprisingly easy to find, though. 




 I dislike very much when people call those people "nice guys" - suddenly "nice" is not a good pleasant quality to find in a human, but a part of a mocking stereotype. I think I am a nice guy, I try to be, but I am not a stereotypical "nice guy". 




 I absolutely hate that stereotype, it stigmatizes us and many kind and friendly people who happen to have some of the characteristics of the stereotype. 




 What extension? 




 Basic and theoretical research can have unforeseen practical merits in the future.  




 I am not a biblical scholar, but from what I've read the gospels aren't really that reliable. 

 




 What basis do you have for your belief? 









 [Why I did this \(NSFW\)](http://i.imgur.com/EIAVKya.jpg) 




 /#justnorthernlionthings 




 No no, Jupiter is just stealthy. 




 I didn't know our farmers had T-72s. 




 Nothing in particular, just a phrase I came across and I thought it fitting. 




 *stomp stomp stomp* 




 I am happy he is happy. I just hope he maintains some sort of hygiene. 




 If the backstory is real, then it is pretty sad. "Many ways of being human" I guess... :( 




 He just wanted a little lemonade. 




  mfw I am not a nerdking 

:( 




 Unavailable in my country. Fuck. 




 I use Screen Filter, because my phone is like a fucking Little Boy and it burns out my eyes at night. Sweet night bed Reddit surfing. :) 




 Glorious. 









 Can confirm, you bloody bastard. 




 If I had GTA V I would intall this asap. 




 Neglect it. 




 I thought Mirror's Edge would be much better as a pure urban exploration game. The drive could be to steal some incriminating documents or whatever, police chases are ridiculous and the story is cheesy. 




 I haven't finished FNV yet, but I thought maybe there was something that would picture them in a better light than what NCRers told me. But no, they suck. I killed all in Ceasar's camp. 




 I have never played Morrowind, I have to fix that... 




 Imo videogames can be very enriching experiences. You can learn from them and try things you couldn't in real life, they provide catharsis from stress and much more.

 Sometimes I think that I waste my life with videogames, but other times I see that it is not necessarily bad. "Get a life" is a poor argument, because "getting a life" is not very well defined activity - I have a feeling that is mostly mean "be a complete square", because it is often used at gamers, anime fans and other such subcultures.

Of course it is not the real thing you, but you can draw insights and ideas from them, and it can change your view on certain subjects or even life itself. Experiences are not just physical activities, mental experience counts too - reading a book is similar, though not interactive, and most people consider this and that book to be an experience. Thus, I conclude that it can't be said that videogames are not experiences. 




 Kerbal Space Program:

- total lack of documentation of controls

- as of yet no 64-bit

- waste of educational potential; it is educational in itself, but if there was a in-game wiki friendly explaining the science and mathematics behind the orbital mechanics, it would have been enourmously advantageous - games are the most natural form of learning

- lack of some underlining story - afaik the easter eggs were planned to have been connected and to point to a faraway planet whence Kerbals come from

- I was actually kind of disappointed when I heard that the Kerbol system is actually unrealistically small. It might have been better with real-scaled planets

- lack of faster time warp - as RSS shows, it is doable, and waiting isn't much fun

- Lack of more structures on the planets and moons

I could find a lot more 




 I wish I would be able to follow the drama, but I am flegmatic and don't care. 




 sorry, i am going to bed 




 Fucking mods, man. Does it run 64-bit? 




 Don't tell me about life. 









 Beware! One day you have one kitty and suddenly you care about [3 cute thieven' varmints](http://i.imgur.com/IegRMRH.jpg).

 




 Downloading it, I hope I can run it properly. 




 At first I thought he had a hat and his head was in a really uncanny angle... O_O 




 I never played it, but heard a lot about it and would like to fill my gaps in gaming. 




 You masturbate too much. 




 Da real MVP. 




 Damn, new mods made Hit Run pretty. 




 HP is love, HP is life. 




 Source? 




 James Baxter! 




 It would be more economical just to use metal I think. 




