 Tomorrowland 




 Watching it now, just curious to hear other people's opinions of it.  




 The type of movies that are purely entertainment, you don't have to think it's just for enjoyment.  




 As a college graduate in art, all I want to do is make movies. I love them so much. How would I go about making it in the film industry? Becoming a director or producer of big budget films? How do people do this?  




 Noooo 




 Nooooo 




 Nooooo 




 Warcraft  




 Ex Machina because I feel like there was something everyone took away from it that I didn't quite get. What was it? Help.  




 Do you feel guilty about it? Is it not a big deal?  




 I thought it wasn't nearly as gross as the 1st or 2nd one, and was toned down a lot. Obviously still very disgusting. The main character was obnoxious, thoughts?  




 The village  




 She's a great actress.  




 I know there's no possible way to do that, but I'm curious what the texture is like of the rings. Anyone have an idea?  




 What are they?  




 Just watched it for the first time last night. All I could think was that it was a dark twisted fairytale with tons of effects. Enjoyed it though, thoughts?  




 I know John Wick is one of them...what are some others?  




 Just wondering.  




 The Relic, Lost in Space, The Devils Advocate 




 Rachel McAdams  




 Lord of the Rings 




 What are the best Stephen King movies or made for TV movies?  




 Peter Jackson and James Cameron  




 I think we should decide the rules first but is someone working on that? 

And yes promote the subreddit to gain more people and then eventually make someone famous. Idk where we would post it or what we would say but yeah link it to overnightcelebrity.  




 Why doesn't someone create a post talking about this subreddit detailing what we're planning to do. Then have the subscribers support the post by liking it/commenting it to get an ad out about the subreddit. Just an idea.  




 Never 




 Just wondering.  




