 Your head isn't the real world. I know what you mean by tower. compare a full size tower pc to a mac pro, you gotta admit they're different. I'm talking about aesthetics. Sure both are desktop computers. We're talking the same thing but we're not understanding each other. Go ahead with a MacPro, it can handle 3 4k displays, you won't regret it. 




 I understand your point of view, you say tower to a desktop it's fine. The MacPro is a desktop, so it's also a tower so to speak 




 AMD* And the MacPro isn't a tower. Why do you need a laptop hooked to 3 monitors ? Sure it's a main machine you can take with you wherever you go but that's tough. That's too many pixels to drive from a laptop 




 Because it's thin its rounded edges but it doesn't have a curved back like the HTC 




 The phone is definitely beautiful without a case but it's very slippery and I use a case just for security. And without scratches it's better to sell it 




 I guess he'll do 3 laps 




 It is cheap! And yes, they make a huge pile of money because people are forced to spend $100 more. I'm expecting 32GB with the 6s, fingers crossed 




 not currently, but I've seen them... The page is updated regurarly 




 the 2015 model is already in the refurbished page. You should check it out. The new model also has better graphics and 1 more hour of battery 




 Wikipedia is meant to be correct. However, it's common to find mistakes 




 Dat exhaust 




 He's reaction when he releases the dove says it all 




 4s iOS 7 ? That's probably the worse OS for the 4s... iOS8 is way better and the new betas of iOS9 shows a totally different phone. It's wayy smoother than iOS7 




 iPhones don't need as much RAM as android phones ... 1GB has been enough. The iPad has 2 now, so I guess the iPhone will follow, but it will have 2GB for a looooong time. 




 I don't like the protruding camera but it doess't bother me either... I use a case so the phone stands flat on a table...  




 they're just playing with us. They know the average number of apps per user is over 100, plus pics and music ... It's well over 16GB 




 I definitely agree the camera design is ridiculous but it's actually not a big deal after a while. Sure the phone isn't flat on a table and with a case it's normal... 




 I guess everyone is either angry because they won't have enough space or they'll have to pay the extra $100... Just put the base model at 32GB ! 




 0.2 mm thicker is the difference between the iPhone 6 and 6+... 6.9 and 7.1mm ... It's the same thing! 




 yeah, and it's not even the full 16GB which is worse ! 




 They know the average person has at least over 100 apps installed but they keep the base at 16GB ... 




 I never had such problem ... but I know it's a problem for a long time. 8.4 didn't fixed it ? 




 We will explain how it affects aerodynamics 




 no, when I jailbroke, in the end, when the phone was rebooting I got the blue screen for about 1 sec and never got it again 




 I find it very portable. Sure it's bigger and heavier than the 13'' but it's definitely portable for a 15'' machine. Carrying it in a backpack every single day. 




 "Are you asleep yet" ahah 




 I don't know ... After seeing the truck so close and James' face, I doubt  it. But I want to believe it escaped 




 I think this is a great feature because the app switcher is rubbish. It takes ages to double click the home button, choose an app and do something. I think it needs a refinement 




 It hides it but it's just temporarily.  




 Definitely, the S65 AMG absolutely flies ! It's an heavy car and it's super luxurious. I think it's the most expensive car Mercedes makes  




 There is. When you're forced to watch a movie you don't like ahah  




 The iTunes account isn't a problem, you can create it easily. I think your mom will like having  the iPad since it's not hard to use it  




 I guess many people don't use that feature because they don't even know it's there but it's very useful. Some mobile sites are completely useless  




 That'd be problematic but what kind of show are you expecting ? I'd love the new program to be exactly like Topgear like you described but the cenario, intro and many other things cannot be similar to the one they had at bbc. They're original and they'll come out with something the fans will definitely enjoy  




 "Speed and power solve many things" 




 i want the whole app back... Just enjoy the new album artwork 




 his face says it all "SPEEEEEED". He looks like an angry man Hrrrr 




 It's gonna be 7.99 




 I just want the new show to have the same "layout", with the news section, challenges, special episodes and do on. They might have to change something, I don't know 




 That'd be very nice. Netflix is expanding to Europe in the fall 




 what? 




 very tough choice indeed. I guess I'd choose the 918. Feels like it's smaller and more civilized but I don't know... I might prefer another one in a minute 




 Okay, the best version for the 4s is iOS 6 definitely. 7 is unusable... The betas of iOS 9 show s huge improvement though. Downgrade to anything newer than 6.1. 




 Just feel the speed. Classic Jeremy 




 Keep in mind how thin it is! It's a great battery life 




 I also started with an iPod touch, it was amazing, few months later got the iPhone 4s, then an iPad, then the 5s, then the 6. I'm gonna buy a rMBP shortly. True bastards ! hehe 




 "Oh look, there's a hippo's head! No, I think there's an entire hippo beneath the water" Who remembers this ? 




 who filmed the birds? As we know the TopGear camera crew struggle when they're not filming cars 




 never saw anyone fix an electric problem with a hammer  




 have you fixed an electric problem with a hammer ? 




