 but im on reddit where he cant get me 




 eraserhead 









 oh its ON NOW!! 




 because i get REALLY fucking tired of people bitching about it, i wish they were suffering for the rest of their days, especially doug walker, oh god do i hate doug walker, hes probably the leader of the avatar haters, they probably have big ralleys in some huge undeground or abandonned auditorium, with huge pictures of doug everywhere, with him up on a pedestal, giving huge anti avatar speeches, i also surely believe he has a conservative agenda which he uses with his nostalgia critic character, because not only avatar with a liberal message he bashed, he bashes OTHER movies with liberal agendas too, district 9 BASHED IT, a troll in central park BASHED IT, and he likes chuck norris whos another conservative jackass. now you may be thinking, "theres haters for star wars, for the godfather, for annie hall, for star wars, for robocop, theres a hater for EVERY movie" well youre right, but i liiked avatar and i will make sure no one will influece me otherwise, ill open a big can of whoopass! on the next person who says, "the story sucks", or "its only made to look pretty", or "theyre smurfs" or other bullshit like that, doug walker is probably gathering followers for his anti liberal cult as we speak! if im wrong about ANY of these please state why, thank you 




 i saw it today and it was ok, not a classic but funny at times, even hilarious 




 if you start one from the beginning you'll be like her:
https://i.imgflip.com/25w8.jpg
if you start one from the middle you'll be like him:
https://i.imgflip.com/grb00.jpg 




 they didn't wanna pay rick baker? i mean granted it was convincing, but i mean c'mon. 




 an age old fan question "are the pokemon movies (past movies 1 and 2) true canon to the anime?" i would say 'no', BUT they complement their respective seasons so well, they may as well be. 




 are the atmosphere and characters the same as you imagined from the books? id say 'close enough' 









 i dont want to live on this planet anymore 









 well its not so much that people are telling me i cant like them, its just that the haters are everywhere and they wont give up, making me feel like a jackass,  




 He needs to rethink his life 




 a la english muffins, french toast, german chocolate cake, etc. 




 now it's the 'whatever the hell we wanna show' channel 




 you know the rest
if so why?
if not why?
please dont hesitate
and look at my other posts to get an idea of my ordeal, also how can i help live with people who dont like them? and how can i get some to stop bullying those who like them? also will they ever come to terms with them? because generally i come to beleive some were huge jerks so, yeah 









 i mean i'm not entirely clear on whether they want to reboot the whole series or want to make a tangent of reboot movies, but whatever the case im not sure if i want them to make it or not, i mean on the one hand it could be an avengers quality superhero romp, but on the other hand it would suck if 20+ seasons were just thrown away, IDK im hoping itll stand on its own feet and not have to interfere with the tv show, but thats just me

EDIT: OR they can create another timeline like star trek 




 i was searching up 'doug jones mewtwo' because i thought doug jones could play mewtwo in a live action pokemon and somebody beat me to it, check it out:

http://www.comicbookmovie.com/fansites/KCatCreations/news/?a=36185

also keep in mind im typing this from my perspective 




 in that case keep up the good work, im sorry if i sounded upset 




 help me daniel abraham youre my only hope. why is no one concerned of the changes from the books? why didnt you put it on hbo? they wouldve kept the swearing, it wouldve broken new ground for hbo, instead its on syfy where itll just be another battlestar galactica, wont the expanse lose its edge if its on syfy? 




 Perfectly fine 









 that does not look like fun for the horse 




 more like SNUFFED his toe 




 its also like an urban legend 




 http://youtu.be/zExMcJ2aUO4 




 who the hell is chespirito? 




 really? 




 and heard a loud banging sound on the door, THAT WAS ME!!, how much cheese have you consumed within the last 24 hours?, or are you just naturally selfish? you took forever in the bathroom, i went to that starbucks to get some breakfast, and i wanted to use bathroom and i try to open the door and its locked so i go sit down and eat my breakfast, so then like 10 minutes goes by i go try again its still locked, and i go back to my seat and play with my phone, 10 more minutes go by i try again its still locked!! so then 5 minutes later i flat out start banging on the door! so the i go back to my seat to blend in and i see you walking out and you looked mad, GOOD! and you still dont know who i am!! youre probably one of those people who wakes up early in the morning to watch Power Rangers: super turbo mega space dino mystic dino space turbo mega force or whatever the hell its called this season, and goes right back to bed afterwards and sleeps in till 5pm. the point is dont stall in the bathroom at starbucks! thank you 









 you suck mcbain!!! 




 is that bad? 









 if a radio can be national and public, why isnt there any schools that are private and public? im pointing out an oxymoron 




 is there also 'private public schools'? 




 i dont get it 




 announcer: are you a size zero? would waldo have a hard time finding you? when you go to the park do the ducks feed YOU pieces of bread? then call the anorexia prevention hotline at 555-1701 




 I mean it's not like you see school librarians seeing a student use Wikipedia on one of the computers and puts them in detention for "attempted plagiarism" 




 You hit a lot of good points, especially the wishing death part 




 help me out then, enlighten me 




 and i discovered magic hat wilhelm scream pumpkin ale (or ANY pumpkin ale for that matter) and jack daniels honey whiskey are a NASTY combination!! but if you want a good buzz use regular ale and ANY whiskey, im amazed i can still spell. 




 jj abrams revives the franchise and there are people who complain about it not feeling like old star trek, NEWS FLASH THEY GOT 95% AND 87% ON ROTTEN TOMATOES!!!!! OBVIOUSLY PEOPLE THINK ITS GOOD LIKE ME!!! and i try to convince people and they see me like a 2-headed freak especially on the star trek subreddit, its like if they have the slightest criticism of jj abrams or anything or anyone else involved in the star trek reboots, i imediately wish they die of cancer someday, DO YOU PEOPLE THINK I LIKE WISHING PEOPLE TO DIE OF CANCER!?!?!?!?! DO CRITICS RAVE REVIEWS MEAN ANYTHING TO YOU !?!?! "but wait people have the right to opinions and stuff" yes but they need a good reason for those opinions! its like the world doesnt want me to like a movie. am i going in sane? are critics reviews relevant AT ALL? if you ask any film critic theyll have a thing called a 'college education' something that star trek reboot haters shouldve invested in. man i hate star trek reboot haters!! i wish theyd die and decent smart educated people like me can live in peace. its hard to enjoy a movie if theres haters in the world, i go through life hearing about critically acclaimed movies and agreeing that they deserve it, and for what? to get people like star trek reboot haters to lurk around and attack those who like them, i mean i thinki they should be considered dangerous. like the reboots and you should too!! now look at me! ive read enough comments sections and blogs to the point where i ask if its ok to like something like wtf! who else does that!? do trekkers even LIKE star trek anymore!? 




 jj abrams revives the franchise and there are people who complain about it not feeling like old star trek, NEWS FLASH THEY GOT 95% AND 87% ON ROTTEN TOMATOES!!!!! OBVIOUSLY PEOPLE THINK ITS GOOD LIKE ME!!! and i try to convince people and they see me like a 2-headed freak especially on the star trek subreddit, its like if they have the slightest criticism of jj abrams or anything or anyone else involved in the star trek reboots, i imediately wish they die of cancer someday, DO YOU PEOPLE THINK I LIKE WISHING PEOPLE TO DIE OF CANCER!?!?!?!?! DO CRITICS RAVE REVIEWS MEAN ANYTHING TO YOU !?!?! "but wait people have the right to opinions and stuff" yes but they need a good reason for those opinions! its like the world doesnt want me to like a movie. am i going in sane? are critics reviews relevant AT ALL? if you ask any film critic theyll have a thing called a 'college education' something that star trek reboot haters shouldve invested in. man i hate star trek reboot haters!! i wish theyd die and decent smart educated people like me can live in peace. its hard to enjoy a movie if theres haters in the world, i go through life hearing about critically acclaimed movies and agreeing that they deserve it, and for what? to get people like star trek reboot haters to lurk around and attack those who like them, i mean i thinki they should be considered dangerous. I like the reboots and you should too!! now look at me! ive read enough comments sections and blogs to the point where i ask if its ok to like something like wtf! who else does that!? 




 I promise I'm not a schizophrenic or a preteen im a normal person with normal emotions just like you, I'm just stressed out that the expanse tv show won't have the edge the books have. 




 I should've left out the 'must be educated' part 




 And why do people seem ok with it!?! I keep telling people on reddit "they will change stuff from the books" "they will neuter the characters and turn them into wimps" "they will rearrange the sequences of events" and people keep telling me that the writers of the books are gonna be involved in writing and are producers, as if that'll make the show any more faithful to the books, the syfy tv executives have a bigger hand in the show! I mean do people really wanna see characters they're attached to to lose their edge!?!?! and the story lose its edge? Like wtf?!?
you know what enjoy your watered down, neutered 'expanse' ill read the books, they contain the PROPER stories 




