 Also, you can't purchase much without a looooot of clams. The game is way too expensive. There isn't nearly enough land to put everything. There isn't much you can buy in the game with 'cash' as it is. The game crashes a lot, all the time, actually. The mechanics pretty much suck. I'm done with it. I was willing to bank my clams, build them up the right way, but seeing as how they take legally claimed clams, I'm fucking done. 




 It is Indian giving. Pure and simple. I think everyone learned at a young age that it's wrong and wins you no friends (read: loyalty) I for one am deleting my game. Going back to Tapped Out. 




 We are not talking about that. We are talking about in game given clams. If you can't just bank clams that are freely given (in game) then THAT is wrong and goes against how the game should be played. 




 But taking clams they give you freely in game, the way it is meant to be played is wrong. 




 Did your son take Risperidal and grow breasts? 




 Super fast! Thank you! 




 I love C2C, but before the show airs is a great show out of Portland, Oregon called Ground Zero. It's hosted by Clyde Lewis and I would go so far as to say he's a better host than Noory with more probing questions. I've been listening for some time now, and I just was wondering something. Why is there no subreddit for this show? He has done shows that remind me of old Art Bell from time to time and yet I see no love for him anywhere. I know he can't be that obscure, he is syndicated now. If there is a subreddit, let me know, please! I would love to discuss shows and ideas surrounding them. If there isn't, I believe one should be created. I can't imagine that everyone who listens to C2C regularly has just somehow missed this show entirely. 

I just want the discussion to start. Get the ideas flowing. Thoughts are welcome! Thank you! 




 I would like to get Sherry Bobbins. I played the crap out of the Easter event, spent loads of donuts trying to get her. Got a lot of gates and other things I didn't really need. I read about the algorithm they used and I guess I must have juuuust missed the mark for her, but I never did get her. If anyone would be so awesome as to help me our with this I would be so happy. She would complete my set! Message me or PM me if you can help. Thanks in advance!! 




 Oooops! My bad, I'm on kindle so seeing posting rules is not easy to find. Thank you! 




 It is stupid. He got it legit, the way the game is supposed to be played, and they took it. Such bs. 




 Did it? 




 My boyfriend and I did use hacks for this game. However, I think the 250clam count is a cap for all involved. Reason being: He got a free clam from gassing the kids. His count went to 251 clams, he went to sleep, woke up, and they had removed that clam, bringing him back down to 250. I do not think he is going to be alone in this issue. If they are giving away free clams during play, then removing them because of their issue with our hacking, I'm going to be done with this game. A big thank you to all the givers, we know this isn't your fault. 




 My boyfriend became an IBO just last night. And his sister is knee deep into it. And their mother is about to join in. Yay. /s 




 Walgreens does. I had to quit because I knew I couldn't pass. Not sure how common that is for Walgreens, but they were doing it almost monthly. I was a shift leader. My use had no reflection on my ability to perform my duties, never came to work high, either. Such bullshit.

 




 I think, after reading more posts that it is all Amway, just people create their own corps that try to hide that fact and thus sound more legit. They say they aren't with Amway, just that Amway is their distributor. Also, the one I am semi tied to is called Dougherty Marketing. Look it up if you are interested in seeing how it works. These guys claim to make bank but they have lots of legs. Lots. 




 No problem! I'm sure Wikipedia would be way more help but I am too lazy to check it out lol 




 I wasn't arguing against you LoL! I was voicing support =) 




 Thank you Alice. More people need to know this. They hold it in and cough violently, it doesn't need to be that way. Trees should never hurt! 




 No. They are both too new for this. They need to start off small. When they are experienced then they may want to try this, but it is too soon. Your first time doesn't need to be a blowout. =) 




 Actually, there are many studies about mushrooms and lsd helping immensely with ptsd. Don't discount it. Wait for more studies to be done but it really seems to be helping many sufferers. 




 It isn't a state. It is a district. I'm American and even I don't get the nuances of it all. 




 I'm in nc and have no hope. The bible thumpers will never allow it. 




 Nc needs to legalize it. So bad. 




 Also, my boyfriends sister sells it and it is actually one of very few skincare products that doesn't make my skin rash the hell up. But it definitely is a scam. They got my Boyfriend into it. He became an IBO last night. *cries*  




 I'm very vain. Anything to help my skin stay youthful I will want. It... it's a sickness lol 




 How long ago was that? They are calling it LTD. now. 




 The energy drink is called XL. It isn't bad, in truth. It was supposedly invented for a runner who ran across the country. Also, they claim it is number 1 in Japan. Don't know if that is true or not tho. 




 I want some of their skincare products but they are much too expensive to just buy. More than department store prices. 




 I have been wanting one for quite some time now. I hope they do it! 




 How do we begin? I'm pretty pissed off 




 If you're gonna cheat, just leave. The damage you will do to your spouse will be irreversible. It's morally wrong and just plain screwed up. I understand that the thought crosses minds, but trust me, it will create mountains of problems. 




 This is a joke, right? Right? 




 I'm gonna have to watch this, that guy looked genuinely spooked at the noise. Also, crazy footage! 




 Should have made Uter. Bonus points if they make it out of chocolate. 




 I had the same issue. All these guys acting like I was ready to sub for them just after one email. I stopped using it because I felt like it was a meat market. If I sub I gotta have a deep level of trust with that person otherwise it just isn't happening.  




 Nah... I like this place, think I'll stay. See you in r/trees! 




 What? I thought making terrible jokes was the point of this subreddit? Oh... did I hit a nerve? Go hit your wife. 




 Mod probably beats his girl so he thinks it is ok. 




 Let's start a petition at change.org! I want them tested just like everyone else! They are our public servants, nothing more. 




 Probably not if he is admittedly smoking openly. Maybe now tho... 




 Cars to drive or motorcycles... man that would be awesome 




 So... politicians don't get drug tested but minimum wage people do? This actually aggrevates me to no end. My tax dollars are paying these guys to do something I will be fired or denied a job for. Bullshit. This really needs to be changed. I'd like to smoke...lots of people would but this sort of ass-backwards crap stands in the way.  




 I was always taught God doesn't change his laws to fit man. This guy...so full of it. 




 I only have a kindle....sigh  




 In some cultures owls are seen as harbingers of death or an omen.  




 I have used it too, with good results. I turned friends onto it and it worked for them as well. You have to make a solid seal to ensure the suction is proper. Maybe they did it wrong? Maybe it doesn't work for some? I don't know. I am usually very skeptical of alternative medicines and therapies, but this one has worked for me.  




 Thanks. Maybe someone can put it on vodlocker? 









 Hiding history for future generations. I'd hold on to some of the "good" stuff, if you know what I mean. 




 Anyone have a link to the full first episode? I hear these Moms are nuttier than our Moms stateside. If anyone can find it, please post!! 




 The struggle is real. Keep trying! I'm curious to know if anyone responds. 




 I don't know why you got downvoted for that. Chevron is the correct term for the pattern. 




 Can you repost it? For inquiring minds of course. 




 I'm convinced you are a troll. I'm not feeding you anymore than I have already. 




 Your reasoning, as you call it, is not reasonable or logical. You need serious help. Get it. Come back when you can discuss this issue in a non-condescending manner and act like an adult.  




 Your mental gymnastics are insane. I believe you are trolling. If not, you have serious issues with reality and are delusional. Keep drinking that kool-aid, kid. That burning of the bosom feeling might just be indigestion. You should have it looked at! 




 Love it! 




 Damn, I just saw that scene on abc, coincidence? I think not! 




 Does that involve bonuses for conversions? Gotta have those legs! 




 I've thought about that. But it has been years, you'd think the fear would have subsided by now. 




 The copter didn't crash, so what's the real problem? 




 I think the event itself. Maybe me, but they didn't tell me. Still won't. I wish I could remember what happened. Not knowing really bothers me. 




 With Twin Peaks there are no coincidences. 




 She would be amazing. 




 I was absolutely awake that whole night, my friend said she broke into the apt around 7:30am, I blacked out before 2am. That's 5 and a half hours of lost time. The only time I black out is when drinking heavily. I was sober, at the time as I was a practicing Mormon. The fact I was sober and it happened and people are too scared to this day to say what I was doing tells me something really scary happened. I want to know, I've asked, but they say they'd just rather not discuss it. They get scared.  




 It really is. Dude wants his 100% rating to stay that way. Can't blame him =) Worked out for me tho! 




 If I had an actual computer and not this touch screen bs, I would do it. I'd be able to go in depth the way I wanted. Essentially, I was in college in an apt with one of my roommates. We were just talking when strange things, sounds, started happening. It was an all night event. We were scared due to furniture being moved and slamming into walls, heavy furniture. At some point either I got scared or something happened to me, but I completely blacked out. Apparently, things did happen while I was blacked out as a friend basically told me years later (with much prodding) that she had to break into the apt, climb over massive amounts of furniture, and found my roommate and I huddled in a bedroom corner holding a big butcher knife looking extremely terrified and wild. My memory of that is nil. I recall waking up by my roommate waking me up in her bed saying everything was the way it was the night before. I recall being alarmed that I was in her bed, that it was the next day, I asked her how I got there, she said I refused to leave her room, but that wasn't quite what I meant. She didn't realize I had experienced missing time/blacked out. She was there with me that night, but refused to tell me what happened after I blacked out. She was too scared.

This was years ago, but the event still bugs me. What happened? Why all the sudden burst of activity? We were talking about her fiance, not playing with Ouija boards. Part of me wants to go under hypnosis to find out, but part of me is scared to do so. There is more to the story, but this is all I have time to type out. You can reply to me and ask questions! I will be happy to answer. 




 I actually messaged the guy and he said he returned my money. I'm waiting to see it back in my acct. He also apologized for the mix-up. Being as prompt as he was I won't give a negative review, I just wanted a resolution to my issue! 




 Sweet. I went over there and didn't see it. Gotta link?

 




 I have experienced the weird bed shakes. So strange. Thought it was quakes but USGS said nothing and I do not live in an earthquake prone area. 
Have you looked into your missing time event, btw? There are resources to help you recall what happened. I've had one that to this day seriously scares me. If it weren't for the terror I felt before I blacked out, I would have looked into it by now. 




 I've had many. They range from non-scary to terrifying. Sometimes I wish I knew why they happen so often to me. Maybe they happen more to certain people because they are open to it, maybe it is just 'right place at the right time' scenario. Who really knows? One thing though, they sure add a special spice to life that not everyone gets. 




 They are just digging their own grave. 




 Someone should post the essay to r/mormon, might do some good over there. 




 Let us know how it turns out! 




 And EBay can't seem to find the item #, or my previous purchase. I called and fiddled with the 5digit numbers until I got a answering machine and left a message. Don't know if it will help, but it is worth a shot. 




 I will! I'd love to get my money back and get the right one. I was so excited when I got my games and guitar all in one day. Can't play til I get the right controller though. Thank you for your help, I feel a lot better now knowing ebay will do the right thing. 




 Now, how do I use buyer protection? 




 Yes. The seller definitely said Xbox 360, http://www.ebay.com/itm/Rock-Band-Fender-Stratocaster-Controller-Guitar-Hero-/221580823418? 




 http://www.ebay.com/itm/Rock-Band-Fender-Stratocaster-Controller-Guitar-Hero-/221580823418?

No dongle, but it does say for the 360, I feel so screwed. 




 In case ya were wondering, the seller said it was for the 360, check it out.
http://www.ebay.com/itm/Rock-Band-Fender-Stratocaster-Controller-Guitar-Hero-/221580823418? 




 Ok, I'll give it a shot. I'd like to know about the entity that is bound to me. 




 It is wireless. It came with the strap. Not sure about a dongle. 




 Adapter? Not sure, what do I look for? 




 No. It said Rock Band Stratocaster, I am a noob and didn't realize they made the strats for PlayStation as well as 360. 




 The owner says no refunds, and the guitar itself looks to be new. I do not own a PlayStation, so I cannot use this. If anyone knows what can be done please let me know. I just received a bunch of Rock Band games in the mail and was so excited to play. Everything arrived the same day! I am beyond bummed here. 




 At first I was all nooooo-not Lana, but then I thought again. She would be an amazing singer for The Roadhouse.  




 My boyfriends iPhone didn't even require an update for this. I'm deleting my game if it hasn't been updated by tonight. What a waste of my time. 




 I'm waiting too. This is some bs, making me not want to play anymore. 




 A freshly used and discarded condom thrown on the ground right by the camera. I don't believe I need to go into the 'why' aspect. 




 That's harsh. Good luck!! 




 Exactly. 




 Damn. I wish that link worked :( 




 Oh man, if you could find some I'd be so happy. I always wondered we get that one video. If that thing was as big and flying as low as people said it was, almost any camera should've been able to capture something. I know the pic on the newspaper that came out the next day was computer generated, I mean, c'mon! Not one person could have submitted a real photo of it? I really think they were confiscated. I bet people went to their film development store and the film was taken or exposed (on purpose) or something. With all those eyewitnesses there should be plenty of photos. 




 This kinda is my point. Children can go their whole little lives thinking and believing something. I mean, so many of us believed in St. Nick. I'm sure there were kids that wanted to be elves. I'm sure some would have put the idea that if they could just look like an elf, they'd BE an elf. Elves don't exist, but try telling that to a child who believes firmly. Now, when I was younger I thought I was a witch. With POWERS. I waited on my 16th birthday for my 'powers' to show. They didn't. If I could have had a doctor give me 'powers', I would have. Witches aren't real, either. My point is that children aren't capable of long term thinking. They aren't capable of comprehending their actions. When adults, who should have critical thinking skills, who should be able to think long term, forget all of this and solely listen to a child say "I wanna be a boy, even tho I am a girl", I think they should be listened to, but it shouldn't be played into. If a girl wants to be a boy, put her in boy scouts (or a similar program), hell buy her boy clothes. Don't reassign her gender. It could be a really big, life long mistake. I think it's really scary when adults start treating children as if they are 'little adults'. It's insanity. You become an adult not just by age, but by life experience. A child has no life experience to grasp onto, they can't put things into perspective the way an adult can.

I would also like to say, I am not against reassignment surgery on adults. Adults of sound mind can do as they wish as long as it doesn't harm anyone. But, children? Let them be children. Don't play into their little games. We're the adults. We need to remember that.  




 I wasn't talking about doing the procedure on adults. I am discussing adults entertaining the mere notion of changing the gender of a child. Even if 'money' isn't an issue, it is still a huge decision and definitely NOT one for a child to make. Even if that child becomes an adult and DOES go through with the surgery, I think it is better to wait. People change and children are not really ones to make knowledgeable, healthy LIFE LONG decisions. If Janie wants to become Jimmy at 10 or so, and then gets the OK to do it, Janie might realize later in life, "hey, I want children and I want to actually birth them." That person may miss out on things because they really thought and "believed" they were born the wrong gender. I also realize it is rare on non-adults, but I know it happens. Maybe I am naiive, but I do not believe this is something a child should decide. It's an adult decision. For an adult to make for themselves. 




 I have always wondered where the photos are. If so many people saw it, certainly more than 1 camera had to capture it. Where are they? Were they confiscated? Did people really NOT think to photo or video it? If anyone knows where there are photos or video (not just the one everyone saw over Phoenix itself), I'd be interested in seeing them. 




 So what if the boys wore skirts? The real issue here is children being allowed to choose their gender. I swear to God if they had a surgery to turn a child into an animal because the child really believed they were born a kitty, they'd do it. A decision like that is life-long, and shouldn't be done because of a child's wants. Very disturbing. Children have no real world knowledge about their gender, that comes with time, learning, and mature personal growth. Children really have no capacity to make the decision of gender switching on a permanent level. For adults to entertain the question is a huge issue, too. Seems to me docs just want to make money with no real forward thought of what they are really doing.

Edit: Not sure why this got downvoted. I sincerely don't think people grasp the issue with children deciding their own gender. Children (and teens) can barely decide anything, they think they know everything, and how many of them really know next to nothing? I'd say a vast majority. I don't mean in the terms of learning, I simply mean in the terms of who they are. Children go their whole little lives wanting to be a doctor, fireman, police officer, teacher, rock star, actor, etc etc. You know what most of them end up doing? None of those things. They might be a nameless hack on the net. They might be flipping burgers at McD's. Children can't decide shit for themselves, let alone their gender. If it's really that huge of an issue, maybe, just maybe they should see a doctor who can help understand why they feel that way and that doctor can decide if they would be a candidate as an adult for the surgery. (They should do follow ups as the child grows to see if they even still feel that way, the child might not. Or they might. Oh yes, they should also be loved. No matter their ADULT choice.) 




 How do I update it? Usually I restart my kindle and there's the update. This time nothing. What do I do? 




