 Your move, Sharpie 




 Cancer 




 Totes 




 Farts 




 Unfortunately you need to read the instructions to turn the machine on. 




 Sell dollar-bill origami swans for $2 a pop = profit? 




 Lies, all lies 




 They've got your username now 




 Get him a snack, he's fading away 




 Guy at school paid 100 quid for a 1GB SD card in 2006 




 That's why I can't eat corn on the cob. Too stressful 




 ... Max Repel wore off. 




 People washing their car 




 Trousers 




 Unbreakable 




 Scene from 'Chopper' when Chopper gets stabbed. He shrugs it off and keeps getting stabbed. The worst is his denial and then taking his shirt off.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34_C1P8STto 




 That's how I take off my suit after trading all day 




 Why was I waiting for him to fall off the edge 




 Australia, I'm a chip shop fiend and I've never found them 




 Blessings Makumba 




 Grainne, Niamh, Siobhan, Orlaith

Pronounced Gron-ya, Neev, Shiv-Orn, Orla 




 I overdid them in school and now can't eat them. Same with Time Out bars 




 I've been away for two years and I'm seriously missing chip shop chips.  




 Helping my mother with any computer problem 




 I encourage people to talk to the extent that I barely have anything to say anymore 




 UK 




 I love onions so much I get sad when I have to cut them up, the poor little darlings :'( 




 I used to hate mushrooms too, but looking back I think it was because my sister loved them so much.

So many wasted pizzas what was I thinking :( 




 Please attach cardboard tusks and repost 




 WHUT 




 This is standard finger-food at any party you go to from the ages of 6-16 




 Nothing worse than a "seedless" orange has seeds. Same with grapes. That's why I bought an x-ray machine for my kitchen. 




 Twist off the top, dollop of peanut butter, stick it back together, chomp on that bitch. 




 Save all the crusts, then dip into Nutella 




 Crush them up first 




 I think he means that Ramires should've stayed at the edge of the box instead of getting sucked into the scuffle. He left the Bradford player open for the shot.  




 Pronounced Brentree 




 Hehe, you say funny thing.  




