 I just looked at the measurements and I was shocked to see that Indochino added a few inches to what I measured for my chest, I'm guessing thats why the suit is fitting the best. I really don't understand though I had someone else measure my chest, I actually measured my chest multiple times and it was always around 42" but Indochino changed it to 45.5"

* Side note, this is really important to me and I thank everyone for the informative feedback. 




 Strange thing is I got my third suit today from Indochino and it surprisingly fits well compared to the other 2. I'll post photos as well this evening. 

I read the problem in the back could be a collar problem?  




 I'm so conflicted with colors on my business cards but wouldn't a high end market want purple or gold? Or a blue for calming/trust?  




 Does reading memes on Reddit count?  




 http://imgur.com/a/poUf7

Ok so first I apologize for the photo quality and while the photos look blurred, it's a shadow. Should I take a photo in anymore stances to better help gauge the fit?

The Black Lapel suit is the black suit. I'm overall satisfied with it but it feels just a little too tight. The back is clearly not fitting right but I also think it's from my horrible posture.

The grey suit is from suit supply. I was really impressed with the material. Similar to the black lapel, I think my posture is screwing it up. I was trying to stand straight and I didn't have many opportunities to redo the photograph because I basically had to bed my roommate to take photographs of me in the corner of my room anyway. The Suit Supply pants need to be hemmed but I felt like the Black Lapel pants may need to be hemmed as well, whats your thoughts?

Thank you! 




 I feel like the opening scene is the beginning of Cersei going full Joffrey and fucking people up. 




 I'm waiting until 4k can run on an individual graphics card at 60 fps. Been waiting for about a year now but I'm thinking I only have another year to wait.  




 Yeah and honestly I put about $2400 into a gaming PC (this including all accessories) but looking at AnAndTech 'for sale' forums and Reddits HardwareSwap subreddits, I think the next PC I build (hopefully another year from now) will be comprised mostly of used parts. I can't believe how cheap you can get a 780 etc. 




 I sold my gaming PC so I don't really have any dog in this fight but why release another graphics card when you're already the fastest?  




 Little Person - Jon Brion 




 I've decided to split between you and /u/jsnen and go with a 40L, time will tell. I don't know a lot about fashion/suits but when I receive all 3 suits I'll do a lot of photos and give a brief review of what I think as well as getting your opinions.

Went with this:
http://us.suitsupply.com/en_US/suits/washington-light-grey-plain/P3829I.html?vpid=P3829I16 




 http://us.suitsupply.com/en_US/suits/washington-blue-plain/P4240I.html?start=3 cgid=Suits prefn1=styleFit prefv1=Contemporary-Washington

EXAMPLE:

I think I would go with this suit but my arms are too long for the 38R, which is requests but the chest seems to be way too big in the 40R.

Edit: And just checked trousers.. would be completed f *!ed with the 38 pants.  




 Well I meant more along the lines of how to measure. I have my measurements but what measurements should I make sure are the most accurate, and what areas are easier to tailor. 




 Couple measurements I forgot to include:

Jacket Length: 31.25" 
Pant Length: 41.25"

 




 So long story short, business has been good. I've always wanted to wear a suit daily and I'm near that point now. If you look at my previous posts, I purchased an Indochino suit (scheduled April 19th) and a Black Lapel suit (scheduled April 19th) Well I was able to put a couple more big closings together and I was already planning to do somewhat of an amateur review for you guys, so I decided I would look at purchasing a suit from Suit Supply. Unfortunately I'm not near a Suit Supply, is it possible to to still purchase a suit from them? I have my measurements from Black Lapel/Indochino to reference, but I don't know how well they would translate to Suit Supply. 

Height: 6'1" 
Weight: 195 pounds
Jacket Length: 31.25"
Chest Size: 41.75"
Lower Waist: 37.5"
Upper Waist: 36"
Shoulder Size: 18.75"
Sleeve Length: 25.25"
Hips: 42.50"
Waist: 37.50"
Thigh: 25.50"
Knee: 16"

Any suggestions or what should I look for? Thank you.
 




 Interesting. My foot wouldn't actually come out of the shoe but I just didn't want my heal to continually rub the back of these shoes and I end up destroying $400 shoes. But thank you for the response, I think I'll continue to wear them then!  




 I went to Brooks Brothers today and purchased two pairs of Peal   Co. Shoes. I tried on an 11 wide and they were extremely tight. I have very high arches. I tried on the 11 1/2 wide and they seemed to fit perfectly. Like a moron, I didn't really walk around too much with them on. I get home and decide to put on one of the pairs before running back up to the office.

That's backstory, so I've noticed when walking my heel moves up just a little bit. Not enough to come out of the shoe but my heel is moving a bit up and down when I step. Is this minimum amount of movement normal or should I take them back? What would be another solution, considering the 11's seemed so tight? 

Thank you! 




 (FIX)

Well I was on here a few minutes ago bitching and then I got on live chat and was bitching but they actually helped me. It's the wifi being stupid. I took my phone off wifi mode then clicked verify and it immediately verified.  




 Did they have it fixed because I bought a PS4 today and the same exact fucking thing is happen. I was a PC gamer. Decided I don't game as much sold it, purchased a PS4: regrets are happening! 




 I just bought a PS4 and I'm trying to verify my account. I receive the email but when I click on the verification or try to log into PSN from the website and either way it just sits loading and then times out. 




 I bought a PS4 today and I get home send the e-mail, receive the e-mail to verify my PSN account, and what do you know, the website won't load to verify jack shit. 




 Well I'll do a mini review as well. I ordered a suit off Black Lapel as well, so time will tell. 




 Great job!! 




 I was debating going for the Premium Navy Pinstripe on sale. Currently I only have an older black suit and I plan to have enough suits to have options weekly, but I wanted to purchase essential colors first; navy, grey, charcoal, black. Was there a notable difference between the premium and essential?

Just had a great run of closings and my budget has increased a bit. I purchased the essential navy blue today and I'll probably purchase one off of black lapel today as well for comparative purposes. Then I think I'll just purchase 3 or 4 from whoever I'm most satisfied with.  




 I really appreciate the fact that you responded almost immediately after I posted. To be completely honest with you, I like the appearance of some of the Black Lapel suits more then Indochino. I recently received a $100 gift card to Joseph A. Bank and went to purchase some dress shirts, the service was terrible. I'm in sales and customer service is huge to me. So even though I think my next purchase may be at Black Lapel just for comparative purposes, I took advantage of the 'HAVEITALL' sale today and purchased the essential blue sharkskin suit, a white dress shirt, and blue tie + a tie clip (unrelated to the sale). I probably would have went with a lighter blue off of Black Lapel first so tell your boss he needs to buy you lunch. Thank you again. 




 Just look up Brian Buffini. It basically is a referral driven system where you keep in contact with your previous clients with what I consider informative information. I would go into the whole sales pitch but I'm still in the office and I really want to finish work for the day. If you have any questions after looking into it, I would love to answer them for you. Once again there may be better services out there but I personally love the referral maker CRM. 




 If you have the money to spend, I love the Referral Maker CRM. It's rather pricey but I've received quite a lot of business as a direct result from it, and I feel like it's one of the best layouts, extremely user friendly.  




 If I could have a dollar for every post I made about a rumor or leak for the 390 from AMD, I would post so *hard* 




 I know there's quite a few posts about this but I have a few questions beyond the typical. I've already purchased the Indochino Tailor Kit and received my 16 fabric swatches and tape measurer. 

1) I've received my tailoring kit. I've been checking the site occasionally. What is considered a great sale for them? When I see this sale when should I know it's time? 

2) I've seen Indochino vs. Black Lapel reviews and it seems like Black Lapel was always slightly ahead. But I've also recently seen posts that have mentioned that Indochino has gotten their act together. Is this much closer or would I be foolish to purchase an Indochino premium suit? 
* Bonus question, I believe I know this answer but Indochino's measuring tape should work fine with Black Lapel's suits right? I know it's almost definitely a yes, but I have to ask. 

3) I don't have a suit supply near me. I do have a Brooks Brothers and a Joseph A. Bank. I really would rather go the custom suit direction. I feel like I've never had a suit that fit me "perfectly" and I'm not in a rush so sending suits back would not be an issue. 

- Budget should be noted. I could spend up to $1,500 but realistically I need a few suits. I would like to catch a sale similar to JoS A. Bank where I could buy one "nice" suit for $1,000-1,500 range and get a few free. But I would much rather start my collection with a very nice suit and just continually build suits around that then spend $1,500 for a 3-4 so/so suits that I will want to replace in a short time.  




 I didn't realize until I was in my 20's that it's easier to wipe your ass sitting down. 




 I didn't realize until I was in my 20's that it's easier to wipe your ass sitting down. 




