 Ha I'm a victim of that I'm afraid. I was at a job making 40k but I was capped at 40 hours a week, no nights, no weekends. Then I got job for 50k which I jumped at...but which also had nights/weekends/and 50+ hour weeks. 

Overall quality of life outranks salary by far. 




 The Benny Hill theme should be playing in the background... 




 Like look at Liv Tyler and then Steven Tyler...she's hot and he's a goblin.  




 Man that was a whole other level of war.  




 As a fan of cyberpunk and cats, I'm loving this picture.  




 I don't have to sleep much...like 4-5 hours and I'm good to go. I'd say a good chunk of my success in life has been because I'm always up at the crack of dawn.

Coins: I'm shorter...face nothing to write home about. 




 Any idea if this affects the reserve opportunities at all?  




 Those guys will come in handy when you have to go through the Mines of Moria.  




 That's the best thing I've read on here in a while.  




 "...and lower your upper body *down*"

Best part 




 The Atlantic just had a really good article on images of the tank casualties in Desert Storm. 

[The War Photo No One Would Publish](http://www.theatlantic.com/features/archive/2014/08/the-war-photo-no-one-would-publish/375762/) 




 As a Cold War vet, what are your thoughts on the current situation with Russia?  




 Totally agree. I work for a consulting firm and we see this problem a lot in the private sector too. Companies take their best computer programmer, who loves what he does, and say "Hey this guy needs to be a manager!" Then they promote him to a job he hates and force him to deal with paperwork and HR issues instead of programming. 

If you have great technicians, reward them for being great technicians, don't try to wedge them into a role they don't want or aren't good at.  




 That explains why their insignia goes back to being gold like a 2LT... 




 That is actually pretty helpful, thanks.  




 Most of the places I've been to don't have a min, unless it's a really small independent store. Even then I can just use a debit card.  




 I was about to say the same thing. Here in the US the only time I ever have actual cash is if I'm going to a farmer's market. Other than that, everything I buy is on plastic.  




 100% agree. 




 100% agree 




 I'll admit it, I'm kind of jealous...  




 Not exactly the same, but there was a Time article a while back (that I can't seem to find now) about therapists specifically hired by the CIA for their staff, since they would rather have them working with cleared staff employed by the Agency than private providers. 

It was pretty interesting, a lot of issues unique to that community like constantly obsessing over security details, like a guy who would drive all the way home and then worry "Did I lock my safe? Did I log out of my computer?"  and then drive all the way back just to make sure he did.  




 Ha I was thinking the same thing about Sudan and the DBDU. 




 Well Moldova is fucked if that happens. 




 It might be cool to get him a marlinspike pocketknife engraved with his name. That would be something he could carry throughout his career. 

Or video games. All guys love video games.  




 The only Coastie to win the Medal of Honor, Douglas Munro, did so helping to evacuate Marines during Guadalcanal. One of the men who was evacuated was Chesty Puller, one of the most decorated Marines in history.  




 Wow that was really interesting, thanks for posting.  




 100% agree. Can you imagine playing through that world like it was Skyrim?  




 Ha I'm having the same dilemma...I really just want it for P5. I guess it's a bonus that I can play some other awesome games too...I plan on trolling ebay/Craigslist/Garage sales to pick up as PS3 right before P5 comes out.  




 wow, awesome 




 Wow, so pretty 




 Really in-depth relationships. Not just "oh I maxed out this social link, time to ignore this girl and find another" 




 Congrats fellow American!  




 Reminds me of Quint from Jaws.  




 Crazy that videos from these events are now released in almost real-time.  




 I lived in Chongqing for about 6 months and then in Beijing for a short while a few years later. I think there are definitely a lot of cool elements that you can find around the country, with as big as it is. My biggest impression was that growth and change are so fast that you'll see brand new buildings built right in the midst of old hutongs and a mix of old and new everywhere.

So it ends up being pretty cool to eat noodles from a street vendor cooked over a little charcoal stove, and then walk across the street to a neon-lit club blasting techno and k-pop. 

I'd definitely recommend it, but you may want to visit first or study there before taking the plunge and actually moving there for work.  




 Woo, Tifa FTW! 









 Looks like a heavy metal concert...I was half-expecting Ozzy to be riding the missile up. 




 How funny, I just signed up with Coursera last night. Has anyone had a good/bad experience with them? 




 This is really cool, thanks for posting! 




 That was pretty cool, thanks for posting. The logistics involved for any kind of overseas expedition must be staggering.  




 Ha that's awesome.  




 Franklin Roosevelt? 




 Shovel some more coal into it 




 That's really awesome looking...the white snow against the colorful sign really sets the scene. 




 Is that a PS1 emulator on a phone? Does it run pretty well? I feel like my phone would melt if I tried that... 




 So that's where the Black Sea is...to the north! Thanks bot! 




 That pilot must be pretty badass to stick a landing like that. 




 Wow, cute! 




 Totally agree. France was quick to "officially" chide Russia for the Crimea invasion, but "oh, they still want to buy warships from us? No problem!" 




 Very true. It happened before with Korean Air Lines 007 which was shot down by a Soviet MiG. The pilot even said he could tell it was a Boeing 747 but just said 'fuck it' and shot it down anyway. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korean_Air_Lines_Flight_007  




 jesus, that shock wave... 




 SHORYUKEN!! 




 I think the Asian guy melted... 




 Congrats man! 




 Jeez, they might as well tape a sign to it that just says "Haha gotcha fucker!" 




 Ice Cap Zone from Sonic 3 is one of the best:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYxlqTpZ-24](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYxlqTpZ-24)

And there are some really great OC Remixes that play up the icy feeling: 

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fUvvxqChBs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fUvvxqChBs)

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64bBCd8MVp8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64bBCd8MVp8)

 









 I'm on my way to Georgia for business for a few days and wanted to pick up some things for my family back home. What would be some good souvenirs to buy in Tbilisi? Also, what is a good amount of money to spend on them? I've heard I should be prepared to haggle...

Thanks! 




 I had a friend who liked the book "Hornets Over Kuwait" but I never read it, so I can't really comment. I think it's more about the author's experiences rather than a larger overview of the war though.   




 Dude that's really awesome. 




 Wow that's really great to see. Thanks for posting! 




 Well they're already up 1-0 on Cote d'Ivoire...I hope they pull through the group!  




 Those are some pretty boss uniforms. 




 NYT put together a nice page with some decent maps and a timeline:

[New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/06/12/world/middleeast/the-iraq-isis-conflict-in-maps-photos-and-video.html?smid=tw-nytimes _r=2)  




 I'm all about mesh basketball shorts; that's pretty much all I wear. Cheap, lightweight, and comfy. I don't really recommend one brand over another, I usually just look for whats on sale and have gotten some great Nike or Adidas on clearance.  

One thing I would recommend is getting a pair that's reversible. I've got an awesome black/white pair that looks totally different when I flip them, so its essentially 2 shorts in one. 




 Ha, maybe it wasn't as dire as initial media reports led me to believe...I can't even remember the last time I played badminton :) 




 100% agree. I actually kind of liked the idea of assuming I was just playing as the main character, and having to work with my allies in battle. It made a seem a bit more "real" if that makes sense.   




