




 Where do you buy them? 




 Wipes that you bring or the gym provides? 



















 Type A, go-getters vs. Antisocial geeks living with parents 




 I've tried this brand and wasn't too impressed.  




 For me, it's Mama Rosa's Garlic Salsa.  



















 This post. 




 "What would you say...ya DO here?" 









 Laser Reproductions - used them for a small project over a year ago. 




 I may not be the sharpest tool in the shed, but I see what you did there. 









 Moved my phone to another room last night and i think it actually helped. 









 ...and minus 1 




 New study suggests this has been an issue for a long time.  




 Considering Netflix is the equivalent of 100 semi trucks driving over the bridge, not sure if this is a valid argument. 




 Aka "small talk" 




 Giving Reddit Gold 




 What did you really think of Alex Trebek (really)? 




 Can't stand when people do this. 




 Could be a less subtle symptom, like diarrhea. 




 Better or worse? 




 and Star Trek? 




 Fill the time previously spent playing or watching (or both)? 









 Maybe some market research is in order to determine your competitors?

http://www.jacootielight.com/

http://www.amazon.com/Stroller-Safety-Lights-dual-LEDs-Money-back/dp/B00APABIF6 




 Good point. 




 Saved by the Bell 









 This isn't true, since Subway sandwiches are never actually "foot long" 









 Eventually you'll have to tell someone and an NDA is your "protection", unfortunately. 




 Without going into detail, is your idea a tangible product or technology/app related? 




 First step: Create an NDA (nondisclosure agreement) and ensure it is signed by anyone with whom you intend to discuss the idea. 




 "If they could?" Please. TV isn't a necessity. Read a book or do something productive instead. 




 Depends. Is it a tangible product? 




 "Old" is a relative term. 




 Did you know Reddit existed while in prison? 




 Do your homework. 




 Going to work each and every day 




 Ultimate Farting, Jack Vale Farting in Elevators 




 I've collected a lot of this over the years 




 Slashdot 




 Fart on command 




 I read "get food" as leaving the house, procuring food and returning. If OP can't answer the door, then that's a sad story. 




 Not sure--It hasn't been invented yet. 




 Do your homework. Drink a lot. 




 Kind of an oxymoron -- If someone is in a bunch of tourist photos, doesn't it make them "famous"? 




 Don't buy anything 




 In the time you spent making a meme and Reddit post, you could've ordered food online and had it delivered 




 Cliff Notes 




 Reddit 




 Get a WiFi repeater 




 Don't buy any of the add-ons except GAP (if buying new) 




