 Dollar sign goes before the number.  Also, dollar sign and USD are redundant. Just use USD.  Which also should go before the number. 




 Been doing this to me since October.  What's worse is even with no balance carried forward I get a late fee assessed.  Started after I changed plans while I was on a trip because I ran out of data (was on 1GB single line w/Edge and they moved me to 2GB single line at the same price).  This past month I got a bill credit for the inconvenience and a further assurance it's fixed.  Guess I'll see next week when my billing period resets. 




 Yeah, no kidding, but oil tends to move around inside an engine while it's operating...

Wikipedia on "Motor oil":

"In gasoline engines, the top piston ring can expose the motor oil to temperatures of 160C (320F)."

I do believe that's much hotter than 212F... 




 The diary would suggest there were plenty or right times and places that were never/haven't yet been shown to viewers. 




 "The burning smell means it's working!" 




 So what you're telling me is, Toyota/Subaru designed the FA20 to leak right above the overpipe in order to allow owners such as myself to verify I don't have a bad head gasket?  Ingenious. 




 Sounds like you might've forgot to set the permissions on the new animation. 




 Whatever tiny bit of water is in your oil boils off when the engine is running...If there's a lot of water in your oil, you're gonna have a bad time. 




 No company cares about you (specifically) as a customer.  You are not a precious snowflake.  I don't know where people get this idea...

That said, sorry for the screw up you endured. 




 That may will be so.  Doesn't change the fact that there was a lot out fun to be had.  Most of the people in this sub were probably still chilling in their parent's panties when 1942 came out.  That's ok. 




 He's only 75.  But yes, I dread the day.  Such a role model...Ugh I shudder just thinking of it. 




 Son, wouldn't be no future if not for my time in 'Nam.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcCR4wft3uk

Man seriously I loved nothing more than to Hop in a Huey and throw on Fortunate Son.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DM-GZGtqmEw 




 Yeah, I actually saw that one when I was searching.

I love this guy:

Battlefield Meets Metal: http://youtu.be/6oHmFeIubD0 




 Ahh, memories. 




 Not a big reader are we...

 "Is the UIDH still present if a customer has opted-out of the advertising programs? Currently, when a customer opts out of the RMA program and is not a participant in Verizon Selects, the UIDH is present. In these circumstances the UIDH is used for the authentication purposes described above, but it cannot be used for advertising purposes because there is no information associated with the UIDH available to our ad partners. Verizon is working to automatically disable the UIDH for customers who are opted out of the RMA program or who opt out in the future. Verizon will also disable the UIDH for any customers who are ineligible to participate in these advertising programs, such as government and enterprise lines. We are in the process of making the systems changes needed to deliver these solutions, and will begin implementing modifications in locations across the country once testing is complete. Customers may opt-out of the RMA program from MyVerizon." 




 They used music from Batman Begins previously as well. 




 That is not MY Battlefield theme...

http://youtu.be/vg0Tmydj29M 




 OP...Best advice is maybe not to obsess about passing and just do your best.  You seem to be posting about this quite a bit this week.  Maybe take a break from it?  Maybe wait to take the test until it's a less stressful time?  I dunno.  That was almost 20 years ago now for me.  All I remember is that I made a right on red that I shouldn't have but they gave me a pass because the sign was really high up on the pole and hard to see in the vehicle I was testing in. 




 Going slow might be OK for a test situation but in the real world there are lots of places with minimum speed limits...Also, driving below the speed at which the rest of traffic is flowing can be dangerous. 




 Doesn't seem likely given there's an LG executive interviewed in this article saying they aren't ready to replace the G3 already; they also aren't announcing at MWC...

http://www.androidpit.com/lg-g4-release-date-price-specs-features

Also, I have read a lot about a 3K screen.  3K at 5.3" would be pretty silly given the success of the G3 and Note 4 at 5.5"+... 




 LG released the G3 on 17 July last year...Given it has been a phenomenal seller I don't see them replacing it this quickly.  They've only just announced the G Flex 2 afterall.

The others of course will introduce new phones at MWC in March as is pretty typical.

The M9 will very likely be the first available given it's already been out in the wild in concept form and teased online.  The M7 was announced in Feb and the M8 in March, so that's pretty in line with history.

The Z3 though was in September.  And this was hardly confirmation:  http://www.techradar.com/us/news/phone-and-communications/mobile-phones/early-images-of-sony-xperia-z4-leak-with-a-little-help-from-007-1277841

The Galaxy S5 and S4 were both April releases after announcements at MWC in their respective years' February; since MWC is later this year than is typical it's likely the phones announced there will release later as well. 




 Thanks!  I try ;) 




 My co-workers, degrees and salary would tend to disagree but as ever, I value your insight. 




 No need to resort to name calling.  I already conceded that you know more about how my cat, who's lived with me his whole life, behaves than I do. 




 They'll be announced, but very unlikely they'll be available for purchase before summer. 




 This car doesn't have fogs.  Those are the marker lights/turn signals.  If fogs were installed they'd be in that black vent area.  Like this:

[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/aup9E7N.jpg) 




 Don't be the jerk who can't be bothered to dust all the snow off their car, allowing chunks to fly off and hit other vehicles.  (your trunk...)  It's not like the 86 platform is hard to reach the top off. 




 Pub we went to in Fleet a few visits ago had a free range Mastiff.  It was glorious. 




 He's been my little buddy almost six years, and was a kitten when he joined me.  Think I know my own cat's mannerisms.

But anyway, I digress, as clearly all cats act the exact same way and have no personalities to speak of independent of instinct.  Whatever... 




 No, that's sitting at the window trying to figure out how to get at the birds eating the bird seed day just put down. 




 That isn't remotely what my cat looks like when he's about to go get something.  He gets puffed up, ears forward, shows his teeth and chits.  Sometimes he doesn't do the mouth gape bit though. 




 If you want better performance using the OEM OS isn't the way to do it.  Use CyanogenMod or another variation thereof.  The OEM will never squeeze all the performance there is out of a device because they're hamstrung by having to load their and carrier's crapware. 




 Yes, I do upgrade my PC.  I bought my last rather than do a homebuild, but since then I've upgraded storage twice (small SSD and then a larger SSD, swapping the small SSD into my bedroom HTPC), and graphics card to a newer single then an SLI configuration.  Processor, I still haven't needed as I'm just at 1080P on my living room TV and I've gotten tired of FPSs.

I certainly understand the parallels - I think though it's probably a case of a phone being much more important to some folks than they are to me, since I can't really do anything with it for work like a lot of folks seem to.

Thanks all for the explainers :)  




 But how much do these modules cost?  That's what makes the case.  It seems like a solution without a problem. 




 For those features, never.  I buy new phones for better and bigger screens typically.  If I'm listening to music it's via headphones - people who listen to devices in public over their device speakers...I find that incredibly rude. 




 FYI Cyandelta is not a Cyanogen product and is not officially supported.  The safest way to update is to use the real nightlies and make backups via recovery periodically... 




 Man, lots of water spots on the back window at 1:15...thought this was supposed to be a detailing shop? 




 Ok so...I really need for someone to explain to me the hoopla around this modular phone concept.  I seriously don't get it.  I feel like as a male age 18-49 electrical engineer I'd be the target demo but it does nothing at all for me. 




 Drier is better.  Hate hate hate goopy m c.  Also, initially undertook the noodles. 




 That was sort of exactly my point.  For one or two or a handful of beings in all the history of the universe it'd be amazing.  For everyone else, they'd never know the difference. 




 Here's the thing about that though...for 99.99999999999999999999999...% of living beings it'd be no different than our universe as it exists today. 




 Erosion due to glaciation, or so the ranger station would have one believe... 




 Shouldn't have replied to me directly then... 




 Incomplete information is just as bad as incorrect. 




 Um, I was disagreeing with you on your statement that better materials, a dubious distinction in itself, are the biggest reason why a Porsche is more expensive than a Mustang.  I said nothing about a Mustang being better.  What costs more is the Porsche workforce in my opinion.  That and the logos on the fascia, wheels and tail.

The 911 GT3 is my dream car and I hope to get the next revision once my 2017 plan is complete.

I do production engineering for a living so I do know what I'm talking about... 




 You can search within any site using Google...just do this - "search term" site:website.tld (you only need quotes if your search term is multiple words).  I do this all the time; works great. 




 I hate to be that guy but I really don't like this new boot animation.  First, the blinding white background (not to mention hugely inefficient for AMOLED folks); second, it makes the phone feel laggy as it slides off at the end (this is even apparent in the gif version you linked).

I replaced it after the first boot and I never want to see it again. 




 Ford managed to keep the new GT a secret up to their reveal; dunno why a phone manufacturer couldn't do the same if they tried. 




 You realize he was talking about buying both of those right, not one or the other? 




 Problem is the 2015 STs aren't out yet so it's not really a fair comparison (neither is the GTI Performance Pack). 




 220 is with perf pack; 210/258 otherwise.

For the GTI, have little feet.  It was uncomfortable working the clutch with my size 12s.  Not a lot of room between the floor and the bottom of the dash.  And the pedals were really low. 




 There were 5 different potential engines for the 67 Vette rated between 300 and 430 HP.  It wasn't like today where there's only a single choice.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chevrolet_Corvette_(C2) 




 As an production engineer I can tell you that is often not the case.  Touch labor drives cost, not material.  And labor has far more to do with quality than material. 




 And what's really weird is that I found this while looking for Han Solo memes (specifically, "Boring conversation anyway") which is the name of this particular Tumblr. 




 [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/B4u5KoD.gifv) 









 I clearly was not the only person coming into this thread thinking "Skypunch?  Pfft. TIGER UPPERCUT!" 




 Liz has really let herself go. 




 Mr. Heat Miser. 




 But not the one they deserve. 




 Nightmare's a bit dramatic don't you think?  If you've got directional tires, you don't rotate.  If you've got asymmetric, you swap side to side.  Not that big a deal, m8... ;) 




 Looks like we're going to need another Timmy! 




 http://m.quickmeme.com/img/56/56c7f0ed2a8e46a866ce3eb20f1a239001a670d20f1dce121cf0696b1511413b.jpg 




 ...which was? 




 Pee-khans, pray-leans.  Grew up in California with parents from the Midwest. 




 Do you plan on swapping the buttons on the transmission to their black versions?

http://www.ft86club.com/forums/showpost.php?p=1890543 postcount=1 




 I think satin tends to look "fancier" than gloss in my experience.   




 Low production vehicle my friend... 




 Thank you for your (or your ancestor's) service. 




 Yeah so I tried watching that on my tablet and apparently wasn't capable of displaying the 60 fps so I brought it up on my desktop and it brought my system crashing down.

One quick reboot though and holy crap, it's like watching real life through a window. 




 Don't know a good way to extract from iCloud but for Android use I recommend Google Keep - it's accessible from web and phone just like iCloud notes are. 




 For the US Gov, yes; but not typically for individuals filing taxes... 




 The US Government fiscal year is 01 October to 30 September.  The TAX YEAR, however, is usually the same as the calendar year for individuals (it can vary for organizations)...

http://www.irs.gov/publications/p509/ar02.html 




 It's just a word.  They're all just words.  There's nothing inherently good or bad about them.  Society needs to move past this kind of infantile nonsense.  




 I loved math growing up.  I have an MS in Engineering.  I was just being silly.  It's reddit, not a Congressional subcommittee. 




 I was being incredibly sarcastic/condescending simply to be contrary.  My job doesn't tend to involve basic arithmetic.  What math I do, it's usually via Excel.  Or someone who works for me.  ;) 




 Here's how I'd do it: I'd pick up my phone, open Droid48, type 3 7 6 ENTER 4 7 9 +.  Because I don't waste time doing math problems in my head at 34 the way I was forced to when I was 12.  :D 




 This isn't combinatorics; it'd basic whole number addition.  "Thinking in math", right. 




 Why wouldn't you break the 8 down into 5 and 3?  Most people have 5 digits on each hand.

Honestly though, I don't see what problem this technique solves.  Monkey fuckin' a football.  They didn't teach crap this way back in the eighties.  We did math uphill, both ways in the snow, barefoot, and by FSM, we liked it. 




 Check this article out for some advice

http://jalopnik.com/5928491/2013-scion-frs-will-it-baby 




 Factory/dealer installed options, particularly with the FR-S.  Not these special models.  Let folks configure them how they want.  More color options.  Wheel options.  Stereo options.  Better quality interior like a stitched leather/alcantara dash.  A multiclutch transmission would be good but neither Toyota nor Subaru have one in production and so they'll never develop one for such a niche vehicle. 




 Realistically, that'll be years down the road.  Neither Toyota nor Subaru are exactly forward thinking when it comes to powertrains. 




 The headlights have nothing to do with the backup cam.  Both the BRZ and FR-S have near plug and play camera options.  The link below is one example (which will work with most any backup cam on the market).

http://www.beatsonicusa.com/bcus3-536.html 




 The seats in the RS 1.0 are fabric but different than stock FR-S fabric seats.  The Monogram had heated leather seats. 




 You don't need an app to do a backup...your recovery will do it.  I've always heard folks say you can install backups from CWM on TWRP....I'm thinking the app you used didn't make a backup in accordance with real CWM specs.

Do you use the Google features of Android like photo backup, contacts backup?  If so you might not have lost anything. 




 What "all your data" did you lose?  You should know CWM is no longer supported by the devs - only TWRP is a current project. 




 http://www.leastof.org/worldwealthcalculator

I'm in the top 0.3%.  Nice.  Or...not nice?  Hrm... 




 If you're trying to Obey Your Thirst, you should really sign up for Sprite Special Ops. 




 Insulate!  Insulate! 




 Swype has nothing to do with your device.  Post up in /r/Android or if there's a /r/swype maybe? 




 Flashing a .tot or .kdz will wipe everything other than your external microSD card.  You don't want to go that route except in an emergency. 




 No, I don't think that's what he meant.  I'm thinking it meant district courts (the article stated federal courts).  Once it's the law of the land there will be nothing they can do as it'll no longer be an issue for the states.

I think part of the idea that will make Texas go away once the Supreme rules bans are unconstitutional is the Supremacy Clause.  Lots of good articles in this search I did:

https://www.google.com/search?newwindow=1 q=supremacy+clause+gay+marriage 




 You can't force another human being to do something they themselves don't want to do.  I mean, you can, but they'll eventually figure out it wasn't their idea, be miserable, blame you, etc.  They have to choose their own path. 




 There's a big place in San Souci in Lexington Park (High Tide Games) that's always packed.  More CCG/board games than comics though.  There's also a good comic shop at Old Wash Rd and 5 in Waldorf (Comics MD). 




 Gave you a bump.  Hope you find somebody.  If we lived up there we'd be down but we're in St. Mary's so it's a bit of a drive. 




 Have you tried the Radio.com app?  It doesn't do anything in the background when it's not being used.

I used to use TIR for Area 95.5 HD 2 but they switched to Radio.com.  If used with an adblocker - you'll get a blank screen when it tries to play an ad before starting a station's feed, but you just hit back and it'll work fine. 




 Let this douchebag do what he wants.  In five months it'll be completely irrelevant anyway.  The Supreme Court will never overturn 36 states and DC on something like this. 




 Go reddit, this is amazing.  Let's pick another winner and make their dreams a reality. 




 Good luck!  It will be tough but you can do it.  Don't worry about being perfect - just keep the goal in mind. 




 FYI, the diffuser in this reddit post is not the same diffuser you linked.  It is not the T2 variant of the one you linked as you guessed - you'll notice it is not straight across, but gets higher in the middle.  The Wonderbar / Driveway Garage diffusers are flat in both (T1/T2) versions. 




 Ok, that's not something I've encountered or heard of yet.  I'm sorry :( 




 Should be.  SettingsApps All  




