 Thanks for this info. :) 




 So talent agents look for people who are singing and dancing at public places such as restaurants? 





























 Great to hear! :) Frankly, we should hear about these kinds of stories more often. :) Seriously. :) 




 Yes, you are even more important than coal. :) 




 Good! :) After all, doesn't coal help contribute to climate change? 




  1/4000 x 18/100=0.0045%. Those are your odds of knocking a girl up with both forms of contraception in place.

I don't think that you are calculating this correctly. However, even if so, since these odds aren't good enough for at least some pro-choicers in the hypothetical event of an abortion ban, these odds likewise aren't good enough for me.

Plus, I have heard that condoms reduce sexual pleasure and intimacy. Thus, I certainly don't intend to wear a condom all of the time (though sometimes condoms might be necessary to wear for STD protection).

Outside of user error you're looking at even lower odds.

Yes, but I always take user error into consideration.

Honestly this is a really poor reason to make a decision like this and any licensed professional specializing in gender identity issues will be very very disinclined to provide you with what you want if you mention this as one of your reasons. Remember that it's part of a gender therapist's job to weed out the transgender's from the mere fetishists.

You might very well have a point here; however, I nevertheless need to do a test run on female hormones and anti-androgens just to see their impact on me. After all, I certainly can't keep this metaphorical box locked forever.

Plus, transitioning for fetishistic reasons is a bad remove since female hormones might very well reduce one's sex drive.

 Alright look. After talking with you a little bit I honestly think you should do you, whatever you decide that is. It's just... what you were asking was a little concerning is all.

That's all. Just a little concerned about you.

Understood, and thanks for caring. :) Seriously. :) Also, though, for the record, I will certainly discuss all of these issues with a therapist at my university and then decide how exactly I should proceed from there. :) That sounds like a good plan--correct? 




  It's not quite a language disconnect. You can usually tell from a person's writing voice that english isn't their first language. Generally they make bizarre syntax choices or use phrases/words in a manner that isn't necessarily incorrect but isn't quite right either. But the writing is still filled with emotional context.

OK.

 That's not what I detected here. Rather there's a weird level of emotional detachment to your writing. You come across as a fleshy computer making a logistical decision, not a trans person attempting to alleviate an emotional condition.

Well, the thing is that I am not a transgender person in the conventional/binary sense (I mean, I wish that I was a binary trans-woman, but I'm not). However, I could very well identify as gender-fluid/genderqueer/neutrois. Basically, I don't have much problems with living as an extremely feminine man for the rest of my life. However, I also often daydream about the idea of me being a woman, including having a female brain/mind and everything. Indeed, the concept of autogynephilia (in a broad sense--rather than only in a sexual sense) appears to describe me pretty well. (Yes, I am aware of the BS conclusions that transphobes have made form the autogynephilia concept, and I certainly don't agree with those BS conclusions.) Frankly, if I will live long enough and we will develop successful technology to change one's gender identity without significantly changing one's sexuality in the process, then I would probably seek to utilize this technology myself sooner or later. Seriously. After all, if I could become the (trans-)woman of my daydreams in every way, then why not do this at some point in my lifetime?

Also, for what it's worth, I previously discussed my history of cross-gender feelings here: http://www.crossdreamlife.com/viewtopic.php?f=1 t=2519

I also made some other posts on that forum which might interest you (under the username "Futurist"). Thus, please feel free to check out what exactly I wrote on that forum. :)

Given that, I'm not saying that this is actually the case, merely that your writing voice is so devoid of emotional context that it appears to be the case. I have no idea what is actually lurking under the surface of your mind.

Well, maybe now you have a somewhat better picture of what exactly is actually lurking under the surface of my mind. :)

 The last person I got to know pretty well who was asperger's was also trans (FtM for the record). He didn't describe gender dysphoria (though that doesn't mean it wasn't there, I don't know his life like that) but seemed to think men get more respect in society and thus wanted to be identified as a man. It was less about who he innately saw himself as and more about his place in the herd and I can't help but wonder if you're not coming from a similar place. You seem to be under the impression that this choice your making will allow you to fill some role you see for yourself.

Actually, I think that my own case is different from the case of the trans-man whom you are describing here.

 People on the autism spectrum in general don't seem to be strongly gendered in the classical sense and I'm personally inclined to think it comes with the territory of autism.

For all I know, you could be correct in regards to this.

Your dysphoria over your hairiness could also be a byproduct of ASD, less related to any ideas you have about gender and more just something your autistic brain cooked up as being unappealing.

Actually, it's not just that; after all, my excessive hairiness is also preventing me from cross-dressing, which I strongly want to do sometimes. :(

 I'm not saying you shouldn't try to be whatever flavor of gender you want, cause buddy I'm the last person to try and talk you down from that. But I'm I personally believe that you're autistic and that your condition as such is coloring your choices.

OK.

You really need to speak to a professional before making any sort of permanent decisions about your body.

OK, and will do! :) 




  How certain are you that this is actually bullet-proof?

Castration? More certain than I am for anything else. (Of course, there can be a possibility of some testicle cells accidentally not being removed or the possibility of 1+ extra testicles existing somewhere else in one's body.) Of course, I could get my vas deferens snipped, cauterized, and tied in addition to getting castrated. After all, one is not incompatible with the other.

 1 in 4000 is an incredibly low number.

And yet it is not good enough either for pro-choicers in the hypothetical event of an abortion ban or for me.

After all, these types of odds mean that out of every 10,000 male-bodied people who get this done, there is a whopping 92% chance that at least one of these male-bodied people's vasectomies will fail.

Combined with condoms and you're as close to bulletbabyproof as you can get on this earth.

I hate to break it to you, but condoms by themselves have about an 18% annual failure rate if one takes use error into account (as I always do). Also, that's just for one year--imagine what the data would look like for 10, 20, 30, et cetera years!

As I said before--my views on the risk are based on those of pro-choice people in the hypothetical event of an abortion ban. After all, I have hard pro-choicers complain many, many times to politically anti-abortion people about the risk of contraception failure and sterilization failure.

No no no. Hormones can have dangerous side-effects and it's not something you take for funsies. Seriously.

Yes, I agree that one always needs to be on the look-out for negative side-effects of hormone replacement therapy. However, it is also worth pointing out that, as far as I know, trans-men live about as long as cis-men do. Likewise, I would think that trans-women wouldn't live much less than cis-women do if one takes transphobia out of the picture.

Furthermore you could end up growing tits which kind of runs counter to your goal of a more androgynous look.

So do you have a way of taking female hormones and not growing tits?

Also, it is worth noting that tits can be hidden and that I can get surgery to remove my tits later on if I will get desperate. Also, for the record, some cis-men also have female-like breasts and even female-like nipples.

If the hair bothers you get it lasered off.

Yes, that's what I intend to do for the rest of my body, along with electrolysis for my face.

 Go see a real doctor not some idiot you talked to on a message board.

Agreed. Of course, it is worth noting that I could also try out anti-androgens and female hormones (preferably with the help of a doctor) and see if I will like them. It other words, it would be a test run of sorts. :)

 Someone with credentials needs to talk you down from this ledge.

We'll see about that.

 I have no idea what you even mean by this or what kind of expectations you've placed on blocking testosterone production in your body. I sense that things will not work out the way you hope, however.

What I mean is that I would like to reduce my sex drive and also to give sexual arousal more meaning by making orgasms longer. After all, I currently orgasm too quickly, which in turn reduces the meaning and value of orgasms for me.

Also, again, there is always the possibility of doing a test run with anti-androgens and with female hormones before I will decide whether or not to proceed with surgical castration. :) In addition, though, I have to try out anti-androgens and female hormones in any case in order to get a clearer picture of my own gender identity. While I obviously have some cross-gender feelings, I'd like to see if these feelings are even deeper than I realize. Frankly, doing this previously helped some other cross-dreamers get a clearer picture of their own gender identity; thus, perhaps doing this will likewise do the same for me. :) 




 Actually, becoming a eunuch by cutting off my testicles with scissors is way worse than injecting alcohol into my testicles. After all, I have heard that the scissors route can result in me being dead in several minutes as a result of massive blood loss. :( 




  I don't intend any insult with this question, but have you ever been diagnosed on the autism spectrum?

No, but I suspect that I might have Asperger's and/or some amount of OCD.

Also, though, for what it's worth, English is not my first language. Thus, maybe this helps make my writing voice off-putting (which, for the record, I sincerely apologize for). 




 Don't worry--after all, I certainly intend to discuss all of this with a therapist at my university once my summer vacation is over and then take it from there. :) 




 He was still an anti-Semite when he discovered this news, though. This is why I didn't write "former" in my thread title here. 









 Out of curiosity--won't all of the British intelligence files in regards to Rudolf Hess's death likewise come out in 2017? 




 Hopefully this question is okay to ask here.

Anyway, who exactly are your favorite androgynous fictional characters?

As for me, Dio Eraclea from Last Exile would definitely be either at or near the top of my list in regards to this. :) 




  I DO hope you get through this in a safe, medical setting. Good luck with your aspirations!

Thank you very much! :)

 Just don't do something based on something some moron on the interwebs said.

Believe me--I would strongly prefer to get this done in a safe, medical setting. Let us just seriously hope that gate-keeping among doctors won't prevent me from getting this done in a safe, medical setting, though. 




  I feel like you are having a bit of dysmorphia about your sack.

Maybe, but if so, at least I have practical reasons for this dysmorphia.

 You can't couch your issues in different flavors to solve your goals man, thats not logical. You should understand that the lack of testosterone from a full castration will make you not care about that stuff nearly as much as you do now.

Oh sure, but I will still have a romantic attraction to some women, now wouldn't I?

 You could find yourself alone and confused from lack of drive to pursue others. These are things you might not learn by asking one sided questions.

While I might have less drive to pursue others sexually, I will still have a lot of drive to pursue others romantically. Plus, it's not like women have zero sex drive.

 I have balls but no sex drive, enough that I worry about taking testosterone supplements.

Exactly how old are you, though?

 I ruined several relationships because neither of us understood how to talk about the problem.

I am sorry to hear that. :(

 I hope you can find someone to talk to about your sexual needs and help you to find an answer that is beneficial to you before you do something drastic.

How about a therapist at my university, though?

I'm glad to pm in further if you like.

OK; thus, go ahead and do this! :) Seriously. :) 




 OK; good. :) 




 The worst way to do what, exactly? 




 Also, for the record, I will also allow you to read this explanation of mine in regards to this (I previously typed it up for another poster here):

I have three goals with an orchiectomy:

1. To achieve "bullet-proof" sterilization. Since all non-drastic methods of contraception and sterilization (including vasectomies) can and sometimes do fail, they are just not good enough for me.

2. If my expectations in regards to female hormones will turn out to be accurate, then I would want to use female hormones on a regular or at least on a semi-regular basis. After all, I have heard good things about female hormones from both trans-women and trans-men. However, I must find some way to still be able to get erections using my penis, as well as to still be able to have penis-in-vagina sex, while I am taking female hormones, since otherwise female hormones might not work for me.

3. To better regulate my sex drive and to give my ejaculations and sexual arousal more meaning.

In addition to this, though, independently of that, I also want to permanently get rid of as much of my body hair and facial hair as possible due to the fact that this hair makes me dysphoric (and I unfortunately have a lot of it, so yeah). Likewise, I want to feminize my face to some extent as well, though I still want to live as a man (albeit as a very feminine eunuch) most (but not all) of the time after I will get all of this done. 




 No problem! :) 




 Hopefully this question is okay to ask here.

Anyway, who exactly are your favorite androgynous fictional characters?

As for me, Dio Eraclea from Last Exile would definitely be either at or near the top of my list in regards to this. :) 




 Haha! 




 Actually, I *am* extremely paranoid in regards to unplanned pregnancy. You can thank pro-choicers for instilling a zero tolerance of risk in me in regards to this. Seriously. After all, I heard pro-choicers complain many, many times about contraception and sterilization failure. However, unlike these pro-choicers, I simply don't have the option of abortion in the event of an unplanned pregnancy, which in turn means that I absolutely cannot risk an unplanned pregnancy in the first place. Also, abstaining from sex with all fertile and potentially fertile women for the rest of my life is both completely unrealistic and completely unacceptable for me.

However, in addition to this, I did say that I am interested in using female hormones and reducing my sex drive, both of which is accurate. After all, I have heard (from both trans-women and trans-men) that female hormones make one more emotional, which is certainly something that I want. Plus, having a lower sex drive would be a good thing since it will allow me to focus more on other things but also allow me to have sex when I will want to. Plus, I have heard that female hormones increase the length of one's orgasm and make one body sexually aroused in a different way, both of which I would certainly like to try out. Also, I would like to have a more feminine face so that I would develop a more androgynous appearance.

In addition to this, though, I absolutely hate all of my body hair and facial hair and thus want to permanently get rid of as much of it as possible. This hair makes me feel dysphoric and I would prefer that all of it simply disappeared and never grew back. After all, I would like to have a more feminine and "clean" appearance as well as to cross-dress at times. 




 Well, I would strongly prefer to become a eunuch in a safe, medical setting. Thus, let us seriously hope that I will succeed in doing this. 




 A 0.07% chance of an unplanned pregnancy isn't good enough for some/many pro-choice females in the hypothetical event of an abortion ban. Thus, these odds likewise aren't good enough for me either.

As for injecting 190 proof alcohol into my testicles, I would only do it as a last resort if I could not become a eunuch in a safe, medical setting (which is my strong preference in regards to this). 




 You said it, cowboy (or cowgirl)! ;) 




 Oh, sure, the Iran fear-mongers have been wrong numerous times before! 




 But I will get to the emergency room in time to prevent it from killing me. 




 It's a different photo, though. 




 Yes, you can phrase it that way 









  That would SUCK!! I'm glad you made a solid recovery from that...

Thank you very much! :) Also, for the record, I had surgery done to eliminate my huge (1.3 cm) underbite a year ago. The recovery process from that surgery was extremely brutal (but I did fully recover in the end).

but injecting almost straight alcohol into your scrote?!? That may fucking kill you! There is blood flow there and it will go to your brain. I would not do this, what so ever!

Believe me--I will try extremely hard to get this done in a safe, medical setting before I will try doing this. Also, though, as far as I know, some people did previously succeed in using alcohol injections to destroy the function of their testicles. 




 Because even it isn't bulletproof; plus, remember--women have the option of abortion, whereas I certainly don't have this option (and I never rely on any woman's word that she will get an abortion in the event of an unplanned pregnancy, so yeah). 




 Actually, as far as I know, eunuchs still have some testosterone left in their bodies--just much less than before.

Also, as far as I know, Viagra and/or some amount of additional testosterone can help with the erections. Of course, interestingly enough, I did talk to some trans-women on Reddit who still have their penises (but not their testicles) and who are still able to get erections using their penises as well as to still have penis-in-vagina sex. 




 Thank you very much! :) 




 Here's what I have found in regards to late failures:

https://www.vasweb.com/vasectomy_faqs.html

"From these four cases and reports in the literature, late failure resulting in pregnancy is possible but rare, odds being about one in 4000, a rate of failure much lower than with any other form of contraception."

Also, re-canalization can occur in between tests. 









 Also, take a look at the info here:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vasectomy#Efficacy_as_contraception

"A 2005 systematic review of twenty-eight studies including both early failures and late failures described a total of 183 failures or recanalizations from approximately 43,642 vasectomy patients (0.4%), and twenty studies in the same review described sixty pregnancies after 92,184 vasectomies (0.07%).[29]" 




 Done! :) Also, thank you very much for this advice! :) 




 Many people. 









 Yes, many Republicans are warmongers; what exactly did you expect? 









 You're banging some Persian chick? ;) 




  Good luck.

Thank you very much! :)

Also, what about rubbing alcohol. Aren't those often sold at 90% abv

I am honestly unsure; please let me ask the people at the Transgender reddits what exactly their own thoughts on this are, though. 




 It might be less painful than accidentally almost completely tearing off one of my pinky toes, though. Yes, I had to endure that as a result of an accident nine years ago; thankfully I was able to get stitches afterwards in order to successfully reattach my toe to the rest of my body, though. :) Seriously. 




 And why exactly would you read about me on the news? 




 Thanks! :) 




 Well, I have three goals with an orchiectomy:

1. To achieve "bullet-proof" sterilization. Since all non-drastic methods of contraception and sterilization (including vasectomies) can and sometimes do fail, they are just not good enough for me.

2. If my expectations in regards to female hormones will turn out to be accurate, then I would want to use female hormones on a regular or at least on a semi-regular basis. After all, I have heard good things about female hormones from both trans-women and trans-men. However, I must find some way to still be able to get erections using my penis, as well as to still be able to have penis-in-vagina sex, while I am taking female hormones, since otherwise female hormones might not work for me.

3. To better regulate my sex drive and to give my ejaculations and sexual arousal more meaning.

In addition to this, though, independently of that, I also want to permanently get rid of as much of my body hair and facial hair as possible due to the fact that this hair makes me dysphoric (and I unfortunately have a lot of it, so yeah). Likewise, I want to feminize my face to some extent as well, though I still want to live as a man (albeit as a very feminine eunuch) most (but not all) of the time after I will get all of this done. 




 Also, an ER trip is very likely going to be much cheaper than child support payments. 




 OK; let me say this, though--you win some, and you lose some. 




 Vasectomies aren't 100% effective, though. 




 OK; fair enough, I suppose.

Thus, should I delete this TIL? 














 Says you. ;) 




 Yes, that might be at least a part of the reason for this. 




 For one, my desire for sterilization which is incapable of *ever* failing. 




 Actually, we *do* currently have tools which allow women to pee standing up. :) 
























 That's OK. In any case, I was primarily curious about the legality of this.

For the record, I still hope to become a eunuch in a safe, medical setting. However, if this will not be possible, then I might very well travel to a U.S. state where 190 proof is legal and then damage my testicles there to the point where they no longer work. 




 By injecting this alcohol into their testicles using a syringe, no? 




 A male-bodied person without testicles, of course. 




  In any case please do try to exhaust all of your options before resorting to this.

Completely agreed. :) 




 To put it bluntly, I want to use 190 proof in order to severely damage my testicles in the event that I will be unable to become a eunuch in a safe, medical setting. Yes, I am completely serious about this; after all, apparently some other aspiring eunuchs previously did this and successfully achieved their desired result. 




  As far as consumption goes, you're not going to find a big difference between the 151 proof everclear that you can buy in california and the 190 proof you can buy in other states.

Thanks for this info. That said, though, what about for other uses of this? 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 Also, out of curiosity, would a series of Everclear alcohol injections to the testicles work for this? 




 Yeah, as far as I know, unlike the Iranian government, ordinary Iranians (especially the younger generation) are actually quite pro-American. :) 









  That's a tough one. If being 'transgender' means having a female brain in a male body (and vice versa), then what does simply being gay mean? You feel like a man but you desire men. Seems like a grey area.

Being gay means that you have sexual desires similar to those of heterosexual people of the opposite gender.

I don't think that's fair. "You're a man who likes women but all women are gay, so let's chop your dick off."

If this comes with a change in one's gender identity, then let's go for it! :) After all, I myself would certainly volunteer for this! :) Seriously.

But honestly, yes, it's very troubling. The best case scenario for pedophiles is to watch child pornography and try to stop thinking about ever having real sex. Can you imagine that being the BEST life you can have?

Or they could simply have sex with adults (perhaps with adults who are dressed like children if they are *that* desperate).

Also, Yes, this would certainly be tragic (plus, it is worth noting that actual child porn, as opposed to cartoon child porn, is obviously illegal). However, it's not like we have any better options at this point in time (well, other than surgical castration--seriously). 




 Yeah, that's where I got the idea from this post from. :) Deal with it! ;) 




  Gender identity isn't the same as sexual attraction,

No, it isn't, but this will easily solve the problem in regards to this. (Heck, as a side note, I want to become a lesbian trans-woman even in this current world. Seriously.)

Also, though, as a side note, I wouldn't be surprised if the process by which one becomes transgender in the womb is similar to the process by which one becomes gay in the womb. Seriously. After all, I have previously read that both gay people and transgender people have feminized/masculinized brains relative to the sex that they were assigned at birth.

but I see what you're saying.

Yes--if you can't deal with the status quo, then there should ideally be some way to change the status quo without harming anyone.

Yes, I highly doubt any pedophile would rather stay a pedophile.

Yes; correct! In turn, this is why I strongly hope that a cure for pedophilia (probably by altering one's brain in some way) will eventually be found.

However, for the time being, pedophiles should be offered treatment and counselling. Likewise, any pedophile (and any other adult, for that matter) who genuinely wants to become a eunuch should be able to do so in a safe, medical setting. Seriously. 




 Out of curiosity--have you ever seriously considered becoming a eunuch? After all, becoming a eunuch (as in, getting rid of your testicles) will probably permanently get rid of most of your sex drive. Also, Yes, I am completely serious about all of this.

 




  Being a pedophile is just like being a straight male in a world where all females are lesbians. The obvious result is that you'd have sexual desires that cannot be met without hurting someone.

I really hope that technology to change one's gender identity exists in such a scenario; after all, I'd certainly like to turn myself into a lesbian trans-woman. :) 









 As every *currently living* person on Earth, that is. 




 OK; thanks for this info, and good luck with your future plans in regards to this! :) 




  No, no I didn't. I was referring to HRT.

Oh; OK. That said, though, did you get an orchiectomy yet?

 Abortion is not exactly a walk in the park.

No, but it *is* a piece of cake in comparison to an orchiectomy.

In any case, what I meant is that, if it is difficult even getting a vasectomy, getting an orchiectomy will be even more difficult.

Agreed, unfortunately. :( 




  I really have no idea. I am in Europe, and am DIY for the moment, so my info is limited to wild guesses.

Wait--you actually performed your orchiectomy yourself?

I think you may be facing more than a bit of opposition, though. I remember reading of people who had a lot of difficulties for a simple vasectomy/tubal, so there's that.

In regards to a tubal litigation, though, a woman who could not get a tubal litigation done could simply get an abortion afterwards (and a second abortion if the first abortion fails, and so forth); thus, it is less pressing (in other words, less urgent) than me becoming a eunuch. 




 Also, out of curiosity--exactly how difficult do you think it will be for me to find a doctor who will be willing to perform an elective orchiectomy on me? 




  A more fair comparison would be getting kicked in the crotch by the Hulk. There is a world of difference between a sudden impact and cutting in.

OK; understood.

 Of course, going off cyproterone would lead to a (slow) reversal of most of its effect. It might just leave you permanently sterile.

The key word here is "might." "Might" isn't good enough for me, considering that I want something which is guaranteed to leave me permanently sterile.

 Regarding 2), after removal of the testes erections will be more difficult and you will likely experience shrinkage. You could always take T and/or viagra to avoid this.

Yes, I am well-aware of this. Thus, I should discuss this with a gender therapist before I will actually become a eunuch.

 If you take estrogens (even anti-androgens/orchiectomy cause this, to an extent) you will feminize. Breasts included.

As long as I can still pass as a man (even an extremely feminine man), though, then this shouldn't be a problem. After all, even some cis-men have large breasts and even female nipples. (Plus, there is the option of breast removal and/or breast reduction surgery later on if necessary; frankly, I appear to be largely indifferent in regards to breasts.)

And you need either estrogen or testosterone to avoid osteoporosis, so this might be a problem.

Yes, I am certainly well-aware of that, which is why I intend to always take at least one of these two hormones. 




  The crotch has way more nerves than your pinky. I really doubt you would be able to deal with the pain, especially if you are trying to do an orchiectomy at the same time.

OK, though for the record, I did previously get kicked in the crotch by some idiot (back in middle school) nine or ten years ago and managed to survive it.

And, while I don't know exactly how much blood flows to the testicular artery, I know that you can bleed out in seconds if you cut the wrong artery/vein. Thus, even being near or inside an hospital might not be enough.

OK; thank you very much for this information.

I'm not suggesting cyproterone acetate as a long-term solution. I was under the impression that you wanted to attempt a DIY orchiectomy now, and while it may not be good on the long-term it would certainly be effective in shutting them down and making them shrink.

OK, but what about if one goes off of cyproterone acetate? Would the testicles then go back to normal?

Regarding gatekeeping - tell your doctors that you are going to do it, with or without your help. It might help or it might not, but if you really are determined in going through with it they should - least harm - help you do so safely.

Completely agreed. In fact, this is what I am going to tell the therapist at my university at the start of the Fall 2015 quarter (I am currently on summer vacation, so yeah). I haven't talked with him or her at all yet; thus, I will need to discuss everything, including this, with him or her.

As always, IANAD.

Thanks for this disclaimer. :)

Also, for the record, I have three goals with an orchiectomy:

1. To achieve "bullet-proof" sterilization. Since all non-drastic methods of contraception and sterilization (including vasectomies) can and sometimes do fail, they are just not good enough for me.

2. If my expectations in regards to female hormones will turn out to be accurate, then I would want to use female hormones on a regular or at least on a semi-regular basis. After all, I have heard good things about female hormones from both trans-women and trans-men. However, I must find some way to still be able to get erections using my penis, as well as to still be able to have penis-in-vagina sex, while I am taking female hormones, since otherwise female hormones might not work for me.

3. To better regulate my sex drive and to give my ejaculations and sexual arousal more meaning.

In addition to this, though, independently of that, I also want to permanently get rid of as much of my body hair and facial hair as possible due to the fact that this hair makes me dysphoric (and I unfortunately have a lot of it, so yeah). Likewise, I want to feminize my face to some extent as well, though I still want to live as a man (albeit as a very feminine eunuch) most (but not all) of the time after I will get all of this done. 




  I answered you in another thread, but I'll answer you here, too. Always remember that IANAD.

OK.

DIY surgery is, as a rule, a very bad idea. Even quite simple field surgery (extracting bullets and shrapnel) is dangerous if you are not trained. And even if you have training infection is a pretty big risk.

OK.

And a DIY orchiectomy seems to me like a doubly bad idea, because:
The area is highly innervated - this means that the surgery will be quite painful.

I think that I can deal with this pain, though. After all, I previously (nine years ago) accidentally almost completely ripped one of my pinky toes from the rest of my body; it hurt like Hell and I had to get stitches afterwards to reattach this toe (Yes, this stitching was thankfully successful).

The testicles are fed by the testicular artery, and if you clip/cut/damage it you will likely bleed out.

What about doing this in the private stall of a restroom right outside of a hospital emergency room, though?

Now, if you:

...

 There would be no problems. But that would not be DIY surgery anymore, would it?

No, it would not. Thus, would even seeking a "cutter" to do this be a better move than doing it oneself?

 You aren't trained as a surgeon. You won't know how deep you have to go or how deep you can go or how you have to cut or what you have to cut. It's likely that you won't have the precision needed to operate safely, even if you knew exactly what you need to do.
You don't have access to sterile equipment. This means infection and possibly gangrene.
You don't have access to local anesthetic. This means that you will have to bear through the pain - and there will be a lot of pain, risking that a spasm will kill you or something - or take painkillers/alcohol and thus impairing your concentration/precision.
You are operating on yourself. That means a difficult angle, that means having to suffer through the pain of the operation and having to do it.

Yes, you appear to be correct in regards to this.

Other than cutting into your scrotum and removing your testicles, there are other methods to kill them. But safely? They are likely relatively more safe than DIY an orchiectomy, but they are not safe.
Clamping them with an elastic band would work. You will need to keep the band firmly in place until your testicles fall off (I think they autoamputate - any doctors here?). But this will be extremely painful and not without risks. Your testicles will basically rot, and if you remove the band you will likely die from shock.

OK; thus, if I will get really desperate, then I might do this. However, where exactly do I get an elastic band?

 TL;DR: don't DIY an orchiectomy. Might I suggest cyproterone acetate instead?

No, cyproterone acetate is certainly *not* going to be an acceptable long(er)-term replacement for an orchiectomy. Rather, my testicles *have* to come off, and I absolutely cannot compromise in regards to this.

Also, for the record, I still seek to become a eunuch in safe, medical setting (well, once I will raise the money for this and for HRT, that is). However, I am asking about a DIY orchiectomy here in the event that the tragic worst-case scenario comes to pass in regards to this. After all, I know that there is an awful lot of excessive gate-keeping in regards to aspiring eunuchs who want to get elective orchiectomies, which in turn results in some of these aspiring eunuchs attempting DIY orchiectomies and/or "back-alley" orchiectomies instead. :(

 Edit: I cannot words at 04:21. I should really be sleeping.

OK. 




 OK; I will make sure to read what they have to say in regards to this. 




 Didn't the Muslim League (running on a pro-secession and pro-Pakistan platform) overwhelmingly win in the Muslim-majority areas in the 1946 election, though? 
























 Yes; this article got that part wrong. 




  Exactly how is it better?

Well, it's no longer in the Middle Ages.

The US invasion has failed to eliminate the Taliban,

Yes, but I am unsure that fully eliminating the Taliban is necessary.

who happen to be still strong as ever,

Eh ... I'm not so sure about that; after all, isn't Pakistan cracking down on some of the sanctuary areas in Pakistan which the Taliban have previously used?

the Afghan government does not control large swathes of the country

Give them time, though.

and their security services are in no way prepared to handle the whole country by themselves.

Not yet; however, as long as Western money keeps on flowing, they will have additional time to improve their skills.

As soon as the US leaves Afghanistan will enter another civil war. Afghanistan will be back where it started.

Maybe ... maybe. However, it is also worth noting that Afghanistan didn't collapse or come close to collapsing when the U.S. decreased its troop presence there from about 100,000 to about 10,000 over the last 4 or 5 years. 














 Completely agreed. 




  genderfluid

Gender-fluid: Someone who alternates between genders.

 crossdreaming

Imagining oneself as another gender/sex. 









 Thank you. :) 




 Congratulations to him! :) I am certainly glad that he is now cancer-free! :) 




 Understood; also, though, for the record, I still want to get this done in a safe, medical setting. I am simply preparing for the tragic worst-case scenario just in case. :( 









 However, I can ask this question here again in one or two years, correct? 




 Thanks for this info. :) 









  it has the lowest chance of complications and the fewest risks as long as you are going to a reputable surgeon.

That's the crucial part, though; after all, unfortunately gate-keeping has not allowed all aspiring eunuchs to successfully find such a surgeon. :( 




 In the big picture, Yes. However, I am not talking about 1979 Afghanistan here--rather I'm talking about 2001 Afghanistan here. 




 Eh ... I'd say that Afghanistan is better off now than it was back in 2001. 




  On second thought don't actually do that.

Too late. ;) 




 That's because he was the first U.S. President who was born after the U.S. actually became independent (in 1776). 









 Yes, but wrong in the sense of being too *pessimistic*. 









 Any thoughts on this? 




 Why not? 




  What a fascinating man.

Completely agreed. :) 




 I don't want GRS, though. 




 You already got a part of Kashmir, though. 




 Or only have gay sex while one is in college. ;) 




 What exactly does RIT stand for? 




 What exactly is a Monroebot, though? 




 Then don't have a kid in the first place. Problem solved. 




 You are forgetting the fact that after sufficiently intelligent and sentient artificial intelligence (AI) is developed, even robots would be able to claim that the sex that they had with you was non-consensual. 




 Unless I am missing something, it appears that the left of guilty of hypocrisy in regards to this (and I say this as a liberal-leaning person myself). After all, if the left wants the government and authorities out of people's bedrooms, then why the heck it is supporting a law as drastic as this one?

I certainly think that people who are guilty of sexual assault should be punished, but laws such as this one appear to reduce the importance and meaning of *actual* sexual assault. :( 




 Ah; OK. Got it! :) 




 You're freaked out by vaginas? 




 So 9 out of 10 Chinese people would be willing to support the proposal which I stated here? 














 Other than more warfare, fighting, and deaths, obviously (and unfortunately)? 









 Yep. :) 




 Yes, while I like things such as hijabs. ;) Seriously. 




 Any thoughts on this? 




 Yep. :) It's a bit disappointing that none of them became supercentenarians, though. :( 














  Let's be honest China's claim is most likely right.

Do you mean in both the east and in the west?

  Mcmahaon line was drawn up the British.

Yes, but China was already willing to agree to it back under Mao (as in, before the 1962 Sino-Indian War).

 Some of that land if theirs , not all , but some.

So what exactly do you propose should be done in regards to this?

 In reality we lost a lot of land in the west with Sindh and Punjab due to that idiot Gandhi.

Can you please elaborate on this part? 




 I'm sorry ... what? 




  I'd prefer you didn't do it at all;

So do I, actually. 




  China will keep the issue boiling until it reaches a position of maximum strength where it can leverage a deal highly skewed in its favour.

How exactly will such a deal look like, though? Also, will India even accept such a deal? 




  I think that the majority of Palestinians in general would vastly prefer to live in Israel rather than Palestine, Israel has a prosperous economy, low corruption, no occupation, no restrictions on airspace or resource use, no significant conflicts, and a very good political system. However Israel has consistently forbid any Palestinian in the Palestinian territories, as well as the 700,000 Arab Israelis displaced in 1948 from having Israeli citizenship or from having any sort of representation in the Knesset. Now Israel wants to annex and have permanent exclusive Jewish control over Arab East Jerusalem, the universally recognized rightful capital of Palestine, without taking any of the Palestinians elsewhere else in the occupied territories. This is completely unacceptable. You can't just take the capital of a state which you find valuable, and leave the rest to languish. You either have to let the Palestinians have a real viable state (give them east jerusalem) or you have to annex the whole of Palestine. A partial measure is unacceptable.

OK.

I don't know enough about it to say my opinion about that.

OK.

It will be Israeli.

So Syria (if it will even survive its current civil war intact) will never get the Golan Heights back?

Exactly the same as Obama and Bush. She will vocally condemn the expansion of settlements, she will call for east jerusalem to be the capital of Palestine, but she will do nothing practical other than support Israel with aid and weapons, and defend it from UNSC resolutions at the UN.

What about if a new Israeli leader wants to make peace with the Palestinians, though? Will she agree to mediate between the two of them?

She will be more hawkish on Iran than Obama, if Obama has not locked in a very comprehensive deal by the time he leaves office.

If so, then one should be happy that Obama will probably have such a deal locked in by the point that he will leave office.

Clinton is very eager to display her hawkish side, she has made that exceedingly clear.

This might be in order to silence sexist critics who challenge her toughness due to the fact that she is a woman, though.

Also, one more thing: If terrorist groups such as Hamas and Islamic Jihad refuse to fully and veritable disarm in the event of a final Israeli-Palestinian peace deal (even if/as they agree to recognize Israel), then who exactly is going to forcibly disarm these terrorist groups? Israel? 




 Any thoughts on this? 




