 I'm fine with this posting. Extreme weather anomalies are part of the climate story. And frankly, my guess is that the vast majority of users on this particular subreddit have no questions at all about the science in support human-induced climate change. Most of what's posted here is about the latest science and about how rapidly it is occuring. Extreme weather -- the continual blow-out of records, whether drought, floods or heat, over a relatively short period -- is certainly interesting and relevant.  




 You can contest it, but you may have to attend an administrative hearing.  They may cut fine in half, and you will lose a half day at least in the process. Been there, done that. Not worth it. 

The emergency parking signs ticket complaint is a common issue. The city feels it's your responsibility to check on your vehicle periodically. 

 
 














 I wouldn't include social media prowess as a tech skill. It's more of a multi-tasking skill, IMHO.  




 Bravo for carrying a double major. If by art, you mean art history, I think that's great for all it brings with it: analytic skills, research, problem solving and critical thinking. Being able to draw on art and history may enrich your writing. If it's art as in visual design, graphic arts, or anything else, that's great as well, since much of journalism is visual presentation. 









 I always assumed it was at the discretion of the conductor because there's no logic to it. I've seen some metro cars close their doors while people were still lined up and boarding, prompting actions by passengers to attempt to hold the doors open. I've seen this happen on the green line more than any other line.  














 It is, but what is interesting is that this no-advertising blog -- which is very popular in DC -- has thought hard about this issue, sets standards and even has its own style guide. Aside from presenting often compelling topics, most of the pieces are readable. That may be the more important takeaway.  




 Maybe she was just trying to strike up a conversation. You know meet you, and didn't realize you are just another crazed biker with a 24x7 camera looking for drama. 

Here is what she said (from your transcript) "Her: (Shouting from behind me) "We're going to a red light. What's the point man."

This is what you said: NOTHING. 

She speaks up again: "Why pass me to a red light?"

You give the most dorky possible response: "Why not?" (Why not -- WHY NOT a disarming smile and some kind words in response?) 

What you should have tried, perhaps, was a little self-depreciation: "Sorry, I was just trying to impress you." And you smile warmly, don't give her a maximum dork look with your stupid camera, and ask instead  "How come I haven't passed you before" ... 

And she called you a jerk, how sad.  
 














 It is odd that a state which has much to loose is resisting taking a leadership role on this issue. You have to believe that as the shoreline damage mounts, mitigation cost increase, and the realization that large parts of Florida will be uninhabitable, that Florida's residents will elect leaders who become advocates for national action on climate change.   




 I clicked on the above link several times and keep getting a dead link. The NYT may have changed the link, because I've never seen this syntax before: http://op-talk.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/07/15/when-climate-change-floods-your-heart/ 




 It's a real plus that you have a job freelancing with a local pub. The pay versus time/effort probably is hard to deal with, but having clips and working is great. Some of this is newspaper work, but some of it is the economy. The unemployment/underemployment rate for new college grads is not good. 

http://www.slate.com/blogs/moneybox/2014/05/08/unemployment_and_the_class_of_2014_how_bad_is_the_job_market_for_new_college.html

Be persistent. When I was stringing, I would gather clips every now and then and just show up at the daily and drop them off in person. I would bug the TV station as well. Friendly persistence can pay-off, especially if they begin to recognize you. This isn't much help, I'm sure, but good luck.  
 









 The place was packed, wall to wall. Two photos here: http://dcblogs.com/?p=10278 














 I bang my head on my desk. I imagine life unemployed, desperate, and sleeping under a bridge. That can work. But more often chit-chatting with sources sparks, more often than not, ideas. I also scour newspapers far and wide using search terms of various topic areas.  




 You can write for the college paper, take some journalism courses, and major in what you have heart set on. Majoring in journalism is like taking on apprenticeship; it won't challenge you the way philosophy, history, economics, science, etc. The secret of success in journalism is passion and creativity.   









 You can bring folding bikes aboard Amtrak. You can't put them in the overheads, but there luggage racks in some of the cars large enough to handle them. And there's plenty of storage room at the ends of cars.  




 there are no legitimate opposing opinions.  









 This isn't reflecting the state of journalism; it's reflecting the state of the nation, and the conservative embrace of anti-intellectualism.   














 In the 1970s, Enfield centralized all its retail development. The idea, one supposes, was to keep the residential areas residential, quiet, and free of stores. The end result is a community that was designed for cars and not for people. It is not friendly to cyclists and walkers. The problem is apparent in the mall area. There are major intersections with no walk lights or crosswalks. It is difficult to cross in some spots and hazardous. The concept of bike lanes hasn't even registered. This needs to change. I see more adults cycling, or at least trying to. Some may not have cars. Others just want the alternative, but Enfield is utterly blind to the needs of pedestrians and cyclists in the retail areas. I think this would be a good campaign issue, because discussion is needed.  Enfield's approach to planning hasn't changed since the 1970s. (EHS grad 1972), It's time for the town to change.  




 This list makes sense, actually. Journalists are clumped around professions and occupations that can make people uncomfortable and suspicious about motives: lawyers, charity collectors, clergy, taxi drivers, ceos, real estate agents. Based on how the occupations are ranked, it would be just about impossible for journalist to be ranked among the top 20.   









 Let's see what happens with Keystone. Stopping fracking strikes me as a lost cause, but the pipeline is another issue.  




 Metro is great. It's far cheaper to use than a car. But the never-ending weekend track work is grinding. The single tracking, long waits, really discourage you from using the system on the weekends.  




 You can submit a query to http://www.prnewswire.com/profnet/ which will send it to members. Make your query specific. You are looking for someone in the tape, adhesive industry; then add that you interested in hearing from manufacturers, distributors, re-sellers, and academics who may be researching adhesives. 

You can also try ssrn.com and do a search on academic papers to see if anyone has published researched. Email/phone contact is usually included with the papers. 

If your deadline is in a few hours profnet won't help, unless you are trying to get help on a high-profile topic, such as legal help on a SCOTUS decision.  But if you get a query -in before 9 a.m.., generally you'll may get what you need for an afternoon filing. The quality of the responses vary, but over the years I've gathered some gems for contacts.  









 There is nothing that prevents a company from replacing U.S. workers. 

There is no requirement that a qualified U.S. worker be hired first.

See: http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/FactSheet62/whdfs62O.pdf

Now, if an H-1B employer is classified as dependent it has to make an effort to first try to fill the job with a U.S. worker. But it can bypass that requirement by paying a salary to the H-1B worker that's 60K and above, or filling the job with somone with an advanced degree.

See: 

http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/FactSheet62/whdfs62Q.pdf 




  The company is required to post an advertisement for the skill, to make sure there aren't any natives available.

That's not the law. There is nothing that prevents a company from replacing U.S. workers. That's an urban legend. 

There is no requirement that a qualified U.S. worker be hired first. 

See: http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/FactSheet62/whdfs62O.pdf

Now, if an H-1B employer is classified as dependent it has to make an effort to first try to fill the job with a U.S. worker. But it can bypass that requirement by paying a salary to the H-1B worker that's 60K and above, or filling the job with somone with an advanced degree. 

See: http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/FactSheet62/whdfs62Q.pdf

 




 I'm a big fan of the NYTimes, and they got this story right and many others about climate change. Politicians who embrace denial are on the wrong side of history. Unfortunately, it will probably take another generation before the leadership changes with members in Congress -- in both parties -- with the conviction to take this issue on.  




 I think Hartford hit a home-run with the UConn expansion. That's bringing in 2,000 plus people in Hartford daily, and it may do more to encourage supporting economic development -- restaurants, cafes and the like -- than a stadium. It may also work as a catalyst for more housing. People want to live in downtown areas; close to amenities, mass transportation, and entertainment. Hartford is heading in that direction. 

There's also the real possibility that UConn students may use Hartford as an incubator site for new business start-ups, jobs that have real potential unlike hot dog vending. 

The stadium is weak by comparison. There's no guarantee it's going to hit attendance levels (attendance projections have yet to be made public from what I can tell), or generate significant economic development. But it will be a drag on Hartford's budget. 

The public turnout at this council meeting was an early indication that the stadium project is a very hard sell, something I don't think Hartford officials (or the Courant) realized initially. 

I'm glad the public hearing on this project isn't happening until July 21. That gives the news media (assuming they care) enough time to FOIA out all the documents that need to be delivered. 

By the way, I'm really impressed with Real Hartford's report on the public comments. It gives a full airing of what was said. Hartford needs alternatives to the Courant. 



 




 love that google thingy 




 Was this classified?  














