 Like some sort of Anime Instrumentality Project?

Also, OP, don't give Gawker sites ad money. They're a dreadful, awful company. 




 Is that what that is? 




  Life is never neat. Life is always bad.

That's poetic. 




 I'll have to watch this when I get home.

That was weird and not very on message. Why appeal to Soviet patriotism if you're going to ban Soviet symbols? Kiev have no idea what they're doing, do they? 









 Poroshenko using Soviet stuff? Got any direct links to that? 




 Oh, most definitely. If nothing else, his views on labor dynamics and class relations will form the basis of any worthwhile populist movement in this century. 




 Not for long. Not unless you liquidate the proletariat. 

What the 21st century needs is some sort of transhumanist techno-communism. That would be the best fit for humanity, I think.  




 As an actually disabled person, I think you're a disgusting sack of pig shit. What a lowlife. 




 No, thank you for bringing it to my attention. I just print screened. 




 Let's see. I haven't got a really long list, as I've only lived here for about half a month, but I really enjoy the Lunchbox. Their coffee is great. Gemelli has some pretty good coffee, too. Neither of these places is about coffee, however. I still need to try Fennarios. Perhaps that will be my next stop. 

As for what becomes of the old court annex, a park would be great. I'd also like to see it become another store - perhaps offering antiques or men's clothing.  




 It really isn't. One of the first things I noticed when I moved here is that there are so few chains in the pedestrian downtown. It's quite refreshing! The Starbucks stands as a big, ugly defiance of this and its prominence really adds to the insult. I'd be all for a campaign to ignore the West Chester Starbucks. There really are so many better places to have a cup of coffee that doesn't taste like burnt, leathery tar.  




 Oh, that's disappointing. 




 Maybe the dueling Starbucks could close each other down and we'll get more local coffee shops, instead. 




 That was awesome. Just in case anyone wants to use it, anywhere, [here's a high def grab of the ghouls part.](http://i.imgur.com/Zs62Lkq.jpg) 




 Plastic guns in general for me. 




 You're right! I meant the Dnepr. 




 Well, it would be a loose boundary. I was sort of vague about this, but of course much of the coast is staunchly Russian and they'd be left out of West Ukraine. Geologic boundaries are imperfect predictors of geopolitical loyalties, it's true. 




 That's ludicrous. The Ukraine should split - mostly along the course of the Dnepr - with the Eastern bank staying in the Russian sphere and the Western bank (minus, maybe, Odessa) pursuing a course for European integration. This seems like it would make everyone happy, minus imperialistic nationalists in Kiev. 




 I'd back that. 




 Star Wars: The Last Forcebender? 




 Thanks! Yeah, I know the Iron Cross doesn't quite belong but I don't really have a nice place to put it yet, so until I can organize a display for it with my other World War stuff, it's in the commie case. 

Principally, the case is filled with Soviet Union materials from the VMF. However, I put a few Red Army pins and Lenin pins in there because it's my only shadow box and I really liked them. Additionally, I've got an East German Red Banner of Labor 2nd Class in there that was much too gorgeous to leave in a dark drawer.  




 Lyrics from the comments section:

Chorus:

Wide is my Motherland,

Of her many forests, fields, and rivers!

I know of no other such country

Where a man can breathe so freely.



From Moscow to the borders,

From the southern mountains to the northern sea

A man stands as a master

Over his vast Motherland.



Throughout life, and freely and widely,

Just like the Volga flows.

The youth are always dear to us,

The old are always honoured by us.



Chorus



Our fields are too wide for the eyes,

Our cities are too many to remember,

Our proud word - comrade -

To us is higher than all fine words.



With this word everywhere we feel at home.

For us there are no blacks or coloureds.

This word is familiar to everyone,

With it we always find friends.



Chorus



Over the country, the spring breeze is blowing.

Every day life becomes more joyful,

And no one on earth could know

Our great ways of laughter and love.



But our brows shall frown sternly

If an enemy attempts to break us.

As a bride, we love our Motherland,

We protect her, as a gentle mother.


Chorus
 




 Ham fisted propaganda operating from a flawed premise. Not a fan. 




 And yes, I'm aware this isn't the best shadowboxing job ever. Still, let me know if you have any questions! 









 Sorry my voice isn't deep enough for you. I guess you aren't a fan of Billy West then, are you? Thanks for taking your precious time to let everybody know of your displeasure, kind sir. You're a saint and a tastemaker. 




 She really was the least likeable character. She worked well with Dale, though, so I tolerate her episodes  




 All the more reason to stay the fuck out of Mississippi. 




 Glad you enjoyed it. 




 [So I'm not Ron Perlman, but I felt like narrating this.](http://vocaroo.com/i/s1ZmdCoYSiqr) If anyone has a slideshow of derpy Fallout Scrolls pics to set this to, feel free to make an intro video because that's the collaborative power of the interbutts. 




 We just lost the counterbalance that we had in the Soviets. Without the narrative of us vs. the Communists, our dickery becomes much more evident. 




 You can use it without being spiteful. Not only is it just as grammatically correct, but to many aesthetic tastes it sounds better. It's just as valid, so if it's his preference let him use it. I use the article for much the same reason: the Ukraine just sounds better. 




 OP is half from the Ukraine. Did you not read his reasoning? It has to do with his distaste for nationalist nitpickers who first dropped the article from the name. Christ. Calling it 'the' Ukraine doesn't make it any less of a country in anybody's eyes. 




 The way the US wages war is counter to conventional military thought. The United States and its allies wage war not for victory or the elimination of threats but for the enforcement of global hegemony, the protection of business interests, and the collection of resources. Peace will not arrive because we intentionally drop just enough bombs to enforce our will while still leaving enough room to produce more bombs and keep the military-industrial complex chugging along. 




 I'm glad to see that song getting some much deserved love. It really is one of the best pieces of music in Star Wars. 




 I'd love to read that! Link me if you do! 




 How is this dark? We're going to get healthy, smarter human beings out of this tech. As a disabled person who was born with a congenital birth defect, I strongly encourage everybody reading this to consider the great gains our society and our species will make by shaping its own genetic destiny.

The only hazard is that we must ensure that this technology is widespread. Concentrating it in corporate or government hands will inevitably warp our species into something that is morally unwholesome. Allowing everybody access to these tools will force a level of oversight and fairness that will drive us into a new age of biological prosperity.  




 You're quite welcome! It was great practice for me, and I'm happy to do so. 




 Maybe "Republic of Abkhazia" was next to "Republic of China" in a menu somewhere and whoever was in charge of the graphics was terminally bored and careless? I dunno. 




 Never censor yourself. You're an American! Censorship doesn't apply in the land of the free! 




 Yep. They also used that song during the scene where the dictator is dancing with the globe. However, they cut it out mid way through during that scene as the globe bursts in his hands, just before the music swells to its climax. It is only allowed to finish during the Jewish peasant's speech at the end, providing a subtle thematic contrast that I missed the first few times I watched the movie. 

Given the Nazis' fondness for Richard Wagner, I found everything about the way they used Lohengrin in the film to be absolutely perfect. When evil men co-opt beautiful things, the artistic community has a duty to take such things back from them. This, I think, was done exceptionally in that film. 




 I didn't think you were. I was just offering my (admittedly unasked for) opinion on the scene and the music used in it.  




 [I like to narrate things. Your story had me enthralled, so I simply had to take a crack at it.](http://vocaroo.com/i/s1cESuWHJHRr) 




 Hans Zimmer is okay, but no composer can match the emotional resonance of Wagner. The usage of the prelude for Lohengrin there was absolutely perfect, especially given how the Nazis were co-opting so much of the composer's music for their own purposes at the time. Everything about that scene is utterly perfect. 




 This is an idiotic comparison. Bombing for peace will, ultimately, eliminate your adversaries and establish peace. The means are ugly, but the end result is the same. Fucking for virginity will ensure that there are no virgins left. This is an awful analogy and the person who half baked it should feel bad. 




 I challenge you to find spare parts for slavshit anywhere but the internet outside of a gun show. 




 Gun shows, in my experience, are extremely reputable and everyone there is really nice - if a bit right of center politically. You can certainly find better prices, though. 




 Since Stolichnaya is now made in Latvia, Russian Standard is the best Russian vodka you can get in the states, in my experience. Since Russian vodka is the best vodka, it tends to be my preference. Scary or no, it's quite a cool looking label.  




 Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the war room! 




 I don't get what's so funny. The Transnistrians are, if anything, the aggrieved party. They've got nothing in common with the Nazis. 




 The highlight? He was good, but Ian McDiarmid would like a word with you. 




 Semi-related, but speaking of ripoffs, ever hear about how TAPPY ripped off the Metal Gear Solid theme music? 




 Your move, ecologists. 




 What, how he ripped off Mars for the Imperial March? 




 Well if we're talking "reals" then the Americans would have evaporated any British forts on American soil during the Revolutionary War. How is American secession from Britain more justified than Southern secession from the US? 




 Not sure why you're being downvoted. Lincoln recontextualized the war to be about ending slavery after it proved unpopular at home. Llincoln was perfectly content to let the South keep its slaves, he just didn't want the dread institution to spread beyond where it already was. It didn't hurt that he was also eager to keep a solid market for Northern agricultural equipment under his thumb and had a keen, overarching sense of patriotism that made the notion of Southern sovereignty unthinkable to him. 




 Seeing as how Sumter was on South Carolina's soil, they probably felt they had the right. They probably felt the Union troops were there unjustly. 




 Well, I'm eager to read it. 




 No, they have to blow it down. 




 Poignant and desolate. A bit short, but it certainly made for an intriguing read. 




 The hell is Trigger Warning? MI6 vs Tumblr? 




 This place is obnoxiously pro Kiev. I hardly even comment here anymore. They've made up their minds and won't listen to any reasoning from the separatist camp. You're spinning your wheels, mate. 




 And it was brilliant. Thanks aplenty!  




 This is quite entertaining. Can't wait for the next part! 




 I really like this a lot. I'm sure you'll have an audience if you feel inclined to keep writing it. 




 I rather liked that. Good work. 




 Provided the place hasn't succombed to structural collapse by now, what's going on? Maybe the place did implode and passing ships are affected by savagely evolved former humans? I have a hankering to hear people's wildest, most outlandish stories about what Rapture would possibly be like, given enough time. 




 Remarkable? Sadly, I suppose there isn't. But such things are certainly anti populist. 




 He's in favor of magazine capacity limits, increased waiting periods, and has been rated F on gun rights by the NRA. As an armed proletariat is essential to safeguarding civil liberty, I can't say his views are entirely populist. 




 His stance on guns is remarkably anti populist. Beyond that, he seems fine to me.  




 The American people just aren't buying gun control. Good on us, but I really wish we'd hold to income equality and campaign finance reform as fervently as we do gun freedoms. 




 I don't know. Any movement that holds Andrea Dworkin as a reputable academic has got to be sort of fishy. 




 You're my hero.

Also, what the hell? Mandalore System? Super Commandos? When did this come out and how in the royal fuck did they guess that much? 




 I was thinking that Sidious would be the Lord of Manipulation, seeing as how he's the king of all puppet masters. 

In a way, a special and twisted way, one could imagine that Vader has assumed the mantle of Darth Traya. There must *always* be a Darth Traya, one that holds the knowledge of betrayal. Who has been betrayed in their heart, and will betray in turn.


Other suggestions:

Darth Krayt: Lord of Fury

Darth Bane: Lord of Shadows

Darth Plagueis: Lord of Ambition

Darth(?) Lumiya: Lady of Vengeance 

Darth Malak: Lord of Destruction

Darth Revan: Lord of Change

Tulak Hord: Lord of Combat

Darth Andeddu: Lord of Decay

Darth Bandon: Lord of Envy 




 And yet there's still no Russian course. 




 I have *got* to find those. 




 Aldi is where it's at. 




 Handicapped person, here. Also, minor teir germophobe. I pretty much always wear gloves. 




 Are you a fan of pickled cucumbers? Or law enforcement? 




 At Dragoncon every year, the Mandalorian Mercs cosplay group figures quite prominently in the cosplay community. I've got to tell you, those are some of the fittest people I've ever seen. A few of them even lug around metal armor. Metal! On a parade route! Nerds can into fitness, for sure. 




 I'm pretty sure imbecile is in children's shows. I have a theory that slurs lose their bite if you don't set them aside from other words and act like a scared little shit about them. The best way to let cripple, nigger, fag, and other choice words lose their effectiveness is to use the hell out of them, I think. I mean, ever hear what scumbag used to mean? 




 Just golf club them in the the knees, then see how they feel about ramps. 




 C-c-crip for l-life. (I haven't seen that episode in forever.) 




 Never knew that. I always just listened to his music and knew he was Russian.  




 We have to keep going, though. Retarded is the new imbecile. Handicapped is the new crippled. Keep the euphemism treadmill going, this is not a sisyphean exercise in futility. 




 I was unaware of it, but it sounds like the most idiotic thing to come out of social justice since the fiftieth anime inspired gender they pulled out of their collective ass. 




 Dragunov? Uses just regular old 7.62x54R.  




 A 9mm will kill too, bud. Pretty much any caliber will kill. Many police departments use 9mms. I'm pretty sure a 9mm started all this bullshit. 




 Wait, I thought they called that "cis white hetero males existing literally anywhere doing literally anything." 




 Can't use Tchaikovsky, though. Guy was white and therefore privileged. Why not just use the soothing sounds of mother earth as your triumphal explosion soundtrack? 




 I'm in a fucking wheelchair and I cringe whenever people start in with this "disabled is not PC" shit. Bitch, you're not the cripple - I'm the cripple. Stop falling all over yourselves to outwhine each other and look more PC so we can actually fix things that matter for disabled folks. You're all idiots.

Also, what the fuck even is kyriarchy? 




 Well done, man. Well done. 




 As a guy in a wheelchair, I can never help but roll my eyes when fat people say *they* aren't being accommodated. It's quite annoying. 




 Reconstruction couldn't even fully fix the damage he wrought. Yet here are all these people in this thread calling him a badass and celebrating his legacy. It bewilders me. 




 What do you like about him? 




 That's the war, not the action in the context of the war. Not even going into the vast differences between the Nazis and the Confederacy, I'm pretty sure few would defend the firebombing of Dresden and Tokyo or any other large scale campaigns against civilian centers in World War II. Why do people seem so quick to glorify Sherman, then?

 




 Killed and plundered from civilians? Burned down cities? Pretty sure that makes a terrorist in any context. Part of his doctrine in the March to the Sea was warfare by terror, breaking Georgia's will to fight. 




 Speaking as a Georgian, that man was a terrorist. If the Union had lost, Sherman would be spoken of as the monster he was. He burned down a city full of civilians, my hometown. 150 years ago or no, he's still a rat bastard. That he's remembered as a hero and tactician infuriates me to no end. 




 You're not wrong, I just felt that the CGI toylike art style they went with was a bad stylistic choice for capturing the Star Wars story and what it, to me, is all about. Art being subjective as it is, though, your opinion is just as right as mine. I hear they do a lot of cool stuff with the Mandalorian Death Watch and Darth Maul, later, so I do really wish I could enjoy it but the art style just keeps sucking me out of it. Maybe I'll just read scripts. 




 Maybe I'm the outlier, but I could never get past the art style. I hear the writing gets better, but it just hurts to look at. 




 Wasn't that Event Horizon, too? 




 Sure, but it's not on wikipedia. What people do and what the law says are totally different things. 




 It was used in the West for quite some time as a good luck symbol, rather similarly to four leaf clovers. It makes perfect sense as a symbol a political party would want to claim.  




 It's not by itself an unpleasant symbol. I wish we could take it, and many of the other things the Nazis ruined with their evil deeds, back for use by normal, upstanding people. 

Sincerely, a guy who likes Richard Wagner music, neoclassical architecture, closed collar military uniforms and the aesthetic of the swastika. 

Oh, PS, if we could have Hindus in the west use it without getting odd looks, that would be a nice start. 




 Good on them. I can never stand to see a foolish law being obeyed. 









 Isn't that thing subject to some bizarre rule governing photographs of it? 




 Because the Ukraine are supposed to be the "good guys." Nevermind that Poroshenko is the same shit as Yanukovych. He's pro West, so he's a good guy. 




 I seem to see a preponderance of sites from the Ukraine, but that could be because I go to /r/UkrainianConflict and they've got a rather pro-Kiev bent.  




 Limits? I wasn't aware this was Oceania. Hail BB, hail Ingsoc. *Fascist.* 




 Huh. Well that's uncomfortable. 




 Wait, where was that poem hidden? 




 Here's hoping we can quickly silence the harmful little diarrhea chugger. 




 This isn't free speech anymore than shouting fire in a crowded theater is free speech. Free speech is never a bad thing, and Australia's rather repressive system is not one I'd be keen to emulate. 




 My micronation (the Soviet Socialist Republic of Lindengau) declares war over this grievous human rights disaster. 

What? Micronations can go to war. Molossia has been at war with East Germany for years. Years! Hell, I'm pretty sure Sealand is still pissy at non East German Germany after that coup they had. 




 Societies and civilizations tend to fall apart under such conditions. 




 Not 40k? Not interested. 




 I first heard this after it was used to amazing effect in [The Hidden People](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tt5lB-RoAi4). Great animation, high recommend.  




 Lots of white people in that protest against white people. 




 Hopefully the DPR will put a stop to the looting. 




 Super Cliff-racers. 




 Yeah. You're supposed to, though. Also, as a disabled guy, I found the handyman particularly resonant. I wish more games would explore such themes, as I found any information on the handyman to be quite fascinating. 




 Columbian biotech augmentations are certainly much less advanced. Granted, I feel like Suchong didn't do much better than Fink at making his abhuman creations, but he at least masked or sublimated their pain more effectively.

Then again, Fink being the ruthless, plagiarizing capitalist that he is, he probably just didn't care to copy anything but the essentials. There's the possibility that he couldn't get it working with Columbia's slightly less advanced laboratories and much more rigidly religious approach to the sciences, however. Maybe it's even a combination of these reasons. 




 It seems to me that if you want someone to go away, writing SJ baiting outrage pieces only gives your target more noteriety. I and a lot of other people here hadn't even heard of Beer Wench until now. Sex sells, and if she wants to use the old bar wench trope to promote herself, it flies in the face of equality to tell her she can't. 




 Two cities? More like Rapture and Columbia. Your move, lerminerty. 




 Thanks for the recommendation. I'm moving out soon, but I'll do what I can. 




 Well, I have been taking them food and I know many neighbors have. In the long term, the colony needs to be fixed. In the short term, however, I think these kittens will be alright. 




 Every relocation and neutering program I've found wants me to take them there, seeing as how this is rural Georgia and our animal control is poorly funded at best. I would take them all myself, but I'm in a wheelchair and don't drive. 









 Sad and true 




 Perhaps I should say sapient? They don't ponder or wonder or imagine. They're clever, but they aren't sapient. Speaking of pain, you do know that plants can feel pain, right? They react to the stimulus of pain in some really interesting and shocking ways, it turns out. If we're using pain as a benchmark, we're going to have to learn to live off of solar energy or something.

Nice appeals to emotion, by the way. Emotion has no place in debate. 




 They're not people and not sentient, so it's irrelevant. They're livestock. 




 Sure, but they desired meat. 




 Maybe more fit for /r/Headcanon. 




 Such democracy. 




 Politicizing children. Classy. 




 It's 2015. How do regimes as backwards and repressive as the Saudis still exist? 




 Tell me your wisdom, butterfly.

"Fuck Chechnya"

And then we went to war. 




 It looks so perfectly like a dopey, happy go lucky guy with a pompadour.  




 I typically give children bottles of vodka and a razor. It'll toughen you up and get you ready for the real world, you sheltered little shit. 




 Reply:

"That's okay. I won't get him anything."  




 Damn. Sucks if they're immortal. 




 21 days ago

Talk about a blast from the past. On a fairly large subreddit. Why'd you dig this up?

Anyway, I'm not talking about blood sport. I'm talking about the public seeing a function of the state. We open court trials, after all. This is a similar principal. 

Anyway, I'm on my phone and can't type my full thoughts on the matter. 









 Wait, then what the hell happened to Pubertus? 




 LIAR. YOU ARE A LIAR. IT LIES. 




 This is the same fucking shit. The Ukraine will never get better. 




 And does OP care to share with us? 




 Holy shit that one was good. I think it could be expanded upon. 




 For real. Can't stand the heat? Get out of horror. Trigger warnings absolutely kill suspense. Goddamn. 




 Kind of ruined any surprise that might have come of it, though. 




 That's a BDRM(?) varient I've never seen. Some oddball version specific to the Ukraine? 




