 the google algorithm keeps recommending me jihadi shit... when my autoplay is on on youtube, it will automatically take me to some death to America or terrorist video... i turned that shit off...  *puts on a tinfoil hat as well...* ...i know they are just trying to brand me a terrorist... wondering when my door will get kicked down... 




 making the state more efficient is not the goal... 









 ive never met a climate change denier.... perhaps its because everyone knows climate changes all the time... ice caps on mars are melting.... obviously that didnt result from our hairspray cans and suvs... climate change is part of a much bigger phenomena... we are actually seeing drastic changes to EVERY planet in the solar system... in fact what were once ice moons are now liquid seas... anyone that thinks man is somehow to blame for global warming on mars is a serious true believer... the western/UN climate agenda is nothing more than a power grab... and all the big environmentalists outright admit it... its no secret that the communists piled right out of soviet union/ east berlin and into the climate movement...

The literature about climate change published by all the powerful America/Global think tanks decades ago all go something like this:

From the David Rockefeller founded Club of Rome 1991 - The First Global Revolution:

"In searching for a new enemy to unite us, we came up with the idea that pollution, the threat of global warming, water shortages, famine and the like would fit the bill....All these dangers are caused by human intervention....and thus the real enemy, then, is humanity itself.... humanity requires a common motivation, namely a common adversary in order to realize world government. It does not matter if this common enemy is a real one or.one invented for the purpose.... Now is the time to draw up a master plan for sustainable growth and world development based on global allocation of all resources and a new global economic system... The Earth has cancer and the cancer is Man..."

Quote by Paul Watson, a founder of Greenpeace:

"It doesn't matter what is true, it only matters what people believe is true."

... and illl just leave this H.L. Mencken quote here:

"The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed  and hence clamorous to be led to safety  by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary." And, "The urge to save humanity is almost always only a false face for the urge to rule it."

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0rLfkvl8BI
 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0rLfkvl8BI 









  I understand all of this. It just has zero real world application. Almost no property, in the real world, is owned as a result of this process or line of thinking. This concept of the origination of property rights has no relationship to the actual ownership of property in the actual world.

EXACTLY! THATS WHAT WE ARE TRYING TO CHANGE! :) Property has been expropriated by mere decree, force and, violence. This is exactly what libertarians are fighting. Equating what has happened in the past via state actors, and violent criminals with what libertarians propose is just inaccurate. Private property rights are actually a limit on state power - And actually propertarian theory DOES have many real world applications... how do you think property was accumulated in the first place? This continued to occur until 100 years ago and is actually still occurring in a bastardized version. You can still actually homestead in places out west and in alaska. Yes, you must pay tirubte to government first but the same principle applies. State and local governments will 'give you' (and again its not thiers to give in the first place) very cheap or in alaskas case even free land if you put it to good use and ad to the local economy. Many agreements stipulate that you build a home or start a business within the first 2 years or something. This is still the homestead principle at work. And its a natural principle. Even animals mark their claim... 




