 My Graduation Hostel Life... 









 Plan your travel soon otherwise you will be in trouble.... 




 Affiliate marketing 




 Picking at pimples and earwax as a way to pass the time 




 Counseling and therapy. There's now widespread recognition that mental health is as important as physical health, which is likely to increase demand for professionals in this field. 




 It's a joke:
What did Zero say to number Eight?
sigh
"Nice belt." 









 This is so awesome... 




 All your smiles has belong to me now 




 Get good at that and people will pay. 




 I want to have intercourse with her. 




 New World... 









 "Run, Luke, Run!! 




 Red Bull: Stratos Jump 




 I loved the one where someone asked what 2 teenage boys could do to entertain themselves for free on an afternoon and the whole thing was just 1000 people telling them to try gay sex. I can never find it tho 




 I took the blame for breaking a textbook for a guy who bullied me because my school at the time had a three strikes and you got kicked out rule. I took pity on him 




 Don't Dream It, Be It. 









 Fantastic Leadership and Ideology 




 A summer homework list assigned by Cesare Cat of Don Bosco High School in Fermo, a small town on the Adriatic Sea in northeastern Italy, is currently going viral across that country. 









 The Voynich Manuscript. This 15th century codex is written in an unknown language, which has yet to be translated. 




 I found a former junior high school friend I'd lost touch with, when we both posted about a mutual friend who's passed away. I discovered more about their health issues and hobbies than I had known back then. 




 He need to go through gastic bypass surgery and I have never seen him again. 









 Drink Coffee or Another Caffeinated Beverage 




 Devious Dungeon (RPG) 




 Efficient Electrolysis (Saltwater Splitting) 




 World War G instead of World War Z 




 yo mama so fat, when she goes camping the bears have to hide THEIR food. 









 I find some posts on 9Gag so repulsive, I can't believe that it would make it to the homepage. 




 I wonder what I ate that made my poop smell so bad. 




 Business Promotion through various channels... 




 Facetious. It has all the vowels in alphabetical order. Facetiously if you must include y 




 I have the ability to create a smile 









