 Monaco is very fun.  It's also something like $12 for a 4 pack right now on steam. 




 I think I'm old enough where I can say "sorry guys, I had no idea what I was getting into."  But some of the younger kids might just be to brazen or daft to realize they are way out of their league.

It would be nice if there was a place for lesser skilled players who are serious and want to improve.  But I guess that would just get ruined anyhow. 




 I went on cevo once,  I'm a silver and I hold my own in regular pugs.  I get sick of being queued with the one guy who's afk, one guy who's playing music, and one guy who is yelling in Russian.  I don't really care if I win or lose, but I like a good game.  Although winning is better.


I joined a cevo round because I figured maybe there would be more teamwork, people making calls, people who understand eco vs buy round, etc.  Long story short,  I got put in my place.  No one really treated me poorly, and I apologized for my 5 and 20.


I think lesser skilled players, especially ones with no friends that play cs like myself feel stuck pugging with brand new players, Russians, and general assholes.  Some people just want the full experience of what cs has to offer, experience the comradery team players and pros experience.


Sorry if we ruin your day. 




 Oh my blades 




 Almost any other game I use a standard placement.  CS stresses me out so I decided to play 100% of the time like that, rather than switching back and forth. 




 All about the unorthodox finger placement

http://imgur.com/rPzsVNO

 




 Sunshine didn't sell GameCubes I doubt sunshine 2 would sell the Wii u. 




 blam blam 




 It's just remaining holiday balance that will be payed off next month.  90% of the time I don't have any balance.  The APR isn't a huge deal to me, just wondering how its all calculated.  I figure I'm getting a new card for X features, but having a lower apr would be a nice bonus for the few "oh crap, next month" moments.

 




 I carry a balance once a year, during the holiday season.  Generally I have that balance payed off by Jan, and pay it in large chunks rather than minimum payments.  Wasn't aware that keeping a relatively small balance once a year would hinder me that much.  Thanks
 




 I got a form from Discover today, and was thinking about getting an it card anyhow (at the moment I only have my cap plat with no rewards and a high apr)
after a 14 month intro APR of 0% my APR will be 10.99% to 22.99% based on my creditworthiness.  Would that be determined based on my discover account, or numerous things including my discover account?  Is there any calculations I could do to estimate what my apr would actually be?  I have a mortgage with only about a 25k balance, roughly $200 balance on my cap card, and my credit score is ~725
Im just sick of my cap apr being about 24% and them refusing to drop it, despite being a customer for about 2 years, and never missing a payment. 10.99% sounds real good about now.
thanks if you can shine any light, or if you have any other cards I should consider getting other than the it card. 




 I mean I do agree it isn't a true mmo,  But in a true mmo you are grinding gear for hours a night months on end.  The Destiny grind isn't that bad, but I can see it being perceived as bad to someone with no experience in the genre. 




 People have never played an mmo I guess.. 




 I think the whole idea is not to inform so players don't have currency saved up to be level cap the second it releases..  don't see a problem. 




 3sixteens are a solid choice, love mine.  Those n f deals that pop up from time to time are hard to pass up on though. 




 If you're worried about that she's not worth keeping around. 




 Fit is great, facial hair is rough though... 




 At arena shows there's always good food backstage.  Generally lobster, steak, cereal, cake, and drinks. 




 If I got free backstage passes I'd go for the food and drinks then leave.  If I got free tickets I'd give them to my girlfriend and tell her to have fun. 




 Elijah could make a second set of pants out of his hem trim.  Gotta be a 15" inseam. 




 They are all great but if you aren't to familiar with strategy based rpgs maybe start with mass effect.  Not too hard to get through. 




 Mans seen some stuff.   




 My first case was an awp asiimov.  Since then I've gotten a few $2-3 skins and a whole LOT of nothing.  The house got me hooked.  




 See if the arcade sticks work on pc?  Depending on the games specifications it could save money if your group goes that route rather than buying ps4's, sticks, and games. 




 Law and Order whatever subtitle.. 




 Depending on the specific skin.  Less desirable stay about even or raise by a few cents.  The more desirable they are the more potential they have in raising.  Ie if you got a 20 cent skin it's not going to make you rich in the future. 




 Sports games via there respective apps, or the are a few games designed for the chromecast like pirate dice..  you wouldn't want to send an actual game to the chromecast even if you could, the lag would be unbearable. 




 It depends on your opinion of Microsoft exclusives.  The majority of games will come out on both.  I love my vita, but unless you really want remote play or have a long commute it might not be worth it.

Assuming you have psplus you are already involved in the sony ecosystem.  So an extra 2 games a month, plus remote play is a pretty good deal. 




 Yeah that plan sounds scary... To save $5 a month... 




 2-3 months isn't too young.  I soak my pants once a month just to keep the denim healthy and avoid blow outs.  Either way they will air out after a few wears anyhow if you're really against soaking.

If you do decide to soak, make sure the water is cold and your jeans are inside-out 




 Give em a soak and use some detergent.  Or just wash em. 




 I wouldn't doubt it.  Japan in general plays more fighting games, while the us plays more fps's 




 2hood 




 No pc gamer is going to buy a bioware rpg on console, and no console gamer reading a review on ign is going to run out and buy a high end pc because Dragon age looks good.  Clearly it was some sort of mistake, or it's how the game looked a week before the day one patch.   




 Maybe the early build ign received was missing certain video settings? 




 Gradually.  If they are selvedge jeans make sure they taper the inseam.  If they are regular trousers then it shouldn't be a big deal however they normally taper.  Find a pair of jeans you really like and measure the foot hole, it will help to tell them how much you want the pants tapered. 




 The GameCube version is the only version 




 Probably going to get into some SG5109's after the jolly season. 




 Ah sorry,  stuck at work on my phone so haven't got a chance to see the clip.  Just figured I'd throw in my 2 cents on twitch donations. 




 There's a lot of scam artists on twitch that will make large donations, then contact their bank and cancel the payment.  It also takes the bank quite a while to notify the recipient that they are liable for the money+ fees.  So if they took the money out of PayPal and spent it it leaves them between a rock and a hard place.  I've heard it's actually quite common, which is why a lot of streamers won't accept donations or at least not abnormally large donations.

It's pretty sad and messed up especially leaving the streamer to take the blame.

Edit: source /r/twitch 




 Illegal drugs 




 Your home wifi doesn't have a cap unless you set it.  Ie. Transferring data from one computer to another computer on your network wouldn't effect the data set by your isp. 

 If you are streaming on your phone from your wireless provider. The only way to send that to the chromecast would be to set up you're phone as a wireless access point and connect the chromecast to it that way.  The data used wouldn't be much different whether watching content on your phone or on the chromecast.  The easier way to do things would be to use wifi on your phone and you'd only be using data from your home data cap. Sending the data to your chromecast that way wouldn't effect your isp set data Cap at all, but if you have a really low cap then I'm not sure it's your best option.  

What is your home data Cap of you don't mind me asking,  it's really strange to see a lower cap on your home internet than on your cell.  Although I guess it depends on what country you live in. 




 Wait. Your in home wifi has a data Cap, you're home internet has a data Cap, or your phone has a data cap? 




 The article is actually pretty interesting, and it seems to shine light on both sides of the argument.  That headline is rotten though. 




 I'm assuming the fcc is going to throw Obama's statement in with the rest of the general public.  The only real difference is I'm assuming they will actually hear Obama's statement.  The fcc is a private organization, and in the end they can just do what's in their own best interests. 




 You can sure as hell pay for a good one though.  Education fast lanes.. 




 One pair of wide leg jnco pants.  I sure as hell don't wear them ever. Just to remind me how much and how fast things change. 




 Weird, I'm assuming a patch will clear up my problems.  Or maybe the hours I'm playing I'm getting put on west coast servers that are more populated, which could account for some lag on my end.  Glad to hear it's working well for most people though. On consoles at least haha. 




 Game runs bad but playable for me on ps4.  Freezes every few hours or so, random lag spikes.  I also think the ping reading is fake it jumps all over the place for no reason.  100/10MB internet and a wired ps4.  Not the best internet in the world but solid by us standards.  

No other ps4 multiplayer game has run this bad for me yet.  Again it is playable, just not great.  (Normally I play 12am-5am est so network congestion shouldn't be a problem) 




 Dunno about that.. The nes version doesn't exactly hold up. 




 Jeans and a t-shirt. 




 Idle thumbs, player one podcast, no crisis yet. 




 I can post the actual link, but I doubt it's a real game.  It has to be up to no good. 









 Doubt we'll see the price cut within the next few years.  Should/hopefully be a bundle at least 




 Fuck the world baby we love furl. 




 Short money for unsanf denim.  Anyone here try red cloud out before? 




 Hahaha yah my thoughts exactly.  I think the watergate reference is so people from the outside will think it bares some sort of worldly importance.  I Guess we were all youths at one point.  Some of us just didn't have the luxury of growing up with the internet..heh. 




 Spark notes: game gate edition.

Some bullshit angsty youths came up with to make themselves feel better about threatening every woman in the games press. 




 True statement! 




 *Activision won't listen.  I'm sure the devs at bungie would have loved another 5 years to work on the game, and make it perfect. Again it is all about the Benjamin's.  I like the game personally with 70 hours on I got my money's worth, and am anticipating the dlc/expansion.

I also hated halo.all of them.  And what I liked of halo was the crazy physics and multiplayer.  I wouldn't say the multiplayer was all that deep, but I guess sticking grenades to warthogs was pretty satisfying. 




   I don't have an interview yet, but I'm thinking about applying to a few places around town.  Really I'm only looking for a few part-time hours a week,  I have a full time job.  

  I'd like to make a good impression, in general.  Especially if they really like me and happen to offer me something better than what I have going on right now.  In the past I have worked retail jobs, but never at a small boutique with a very clear demographic.  I feel a suit would be too much, plus I work in manufacturing at the moment.  Any suits I own were last minute funeral suits.  On the opposite side I'd feel really weird showing up about a job in denim regardless of how much I may spend on denim.  

  As a rule of thumb do you normally dress in clothes one step more formal than what the store generally sells, or how the current employees are dressed? 




 Thanks, I must have remembered wrong..  haven't used it in a bit.  




 Did something change? I used to be able to use my vita with my Japanese and US accounts so long as I changed my memory cards.   




 Not always.  usually it's a mix of crappier stuff and last season store markdown type stuff.  Usually the actual good stuff is a small percentage, but it can be found. 




 Seriously everyone I know is leaving the bay area..they make 40-60k a year and can't afford it. 




 Thanks so much, didn't wanna get my girlfriend jeans that look like capris. About your height. 




 Looks great, do you know what the inseam is by chance? Not listed on their site. 




 Take 2 years to train, and learn your limits.then you will be 18 and can rent a hotel room if needed. Camping with an injury 500+ miles away from home would be horrible.  You also can't ride on highways. 




 Those sufu kids are pretty shady. 




 The left one controls the right side of your body.  Keep that in mind if you're right handed. 




 I agree with your idea, personally I could care less about resolution/fps (to an extent)  I would rather have a fun game.  I enjoy subjective reviews, having the ability to "get to know" the reviewer while consuming their media.

But 900p is worse than 1080P technically, 30 fps is worse than 60 fps technically.  There is nothing subjective about it.  

objectivegamereviews.com does a pretty good job at ironically objective game reviews.  




