 Dexter Morgan wants the Joker on his table. Can he pull it off? 




 *I think* Truck tire came off a truck going the opposite direction. Truck tires are about three feet tall and it is probably in a tree after bouncing off 3 cars at a combined speed of over a hundred miles per hour *but do not have any evidence to support this at this time.*

FTFY 




 What was her make and model? 









 Times Square showdown, only one can survive. 




 I want a pet Michael Caine now. I didn't think about it one time in my life but now I can't stop. I'd feed him tiny plates of fish and chips. 




 Spidey is dropped in the middle of the ocean with a tiny bleeding wound, three sharks all hungry for human blood attack him. 




 Trying to find out whether or not a fossilized animal organ has ever been found or if it is somehow impossible for this to occur. Thanks in advance. 









 Trans-species surgery. South Park nailed it. Someone will be born human but know deep inside they want to be a Giraffe, and science will make it happen. 









 Mmmm batcowburger 




 Mac = Bruce Wayne 




 Arya is an orphan girl in Gotham, angry that Bruces attention whoring is making orphans look bad. After saving Jaqen from a band of murderers and receiving his pledge, Arya asks him to take out Wayne. 














 Star Trek The Next Generation Enterprise crew only. 




 And now I know that is a real thing that can happen. 




 Ate one quarter cup of cinnamon. Frankly, it sucked goat ass. 









 Forget the vocab, this has gone primal. The only way to gain his respect now is to piss on his leg while thumping your chest.  




 Mass compromise of systems renders encryption worthless. 









 City street fight, movie abilities only, no prep. 




 The battle is in a city park at sundown. Only one can survive before sunrise or all die. Each contestant is given a bag with a weapon and additional item.
Dorothy: Taser and nightvision goggles
Blanche: Katana and Tracker displaying general location of other contestants, margin of error 10 feet
Rose: 1911 .45 caliber handgun with 2 rounds loaded in magazine and high powered flashlight
Sophia: Blowgun with 2 fast acting poison-tipped darts and a camo outfit
 














 Bruce is completely unarmed, having a morning stroll in the woods when a Velociraptor appears. 




 A single event changes all men currently over 5 world wide, the event does not reoccur (ie 4 year olds will grow up without changing if they survive). Zombies display '28 Days Later' speed and aggression. Once bitten, victim has 24 hours before change. 




 Society doesnt support social security. It is your money, you paid into it. This isnt welfare, its money you earn your entire life specifically to collect when you need it. 




 Show me some stats on successful newly hired people pushing 70.  









 By doing this, they just helped her afford the best defense attorney in the midwest at the rate the donations are pouring in.  




 Does this mean GWB wouldn't be able to collect his post-presidential retirement pay until he hits 69? Or any congressional rep? 

Hello? Mr. Bush?

Is this thing on? 









 I can tell you graduated at the top of your class. 




 Each player has 100 thousand dollars to start. Texas Hold Em. No outside assistance. 




 Fight in an open field. Demonstrated abilities on film/television only. Each fighter has one katana and one shield. 




 This is so old it was written in DOS 




 OK. 




 Everyone blinks and suddenly dies but Superman as he flies around the room forcing water down their throats before they have a chance to react. 
























 I like you. 




 "Ixnay on the wishing for more wishes." 




 I always preferred "Mind if I follow you into a dark alley and make you scream 'No, don't stop!' ?" 




 That links to a youtube video of how qr codes work.
 









 My money is on Shlorpian. He should handle it without a problem. Cabtain Umerica may be abe to pull it off if he can get close enough. 




 Each man is at their prime health and age. Fighting at a mountaintop Buddhist temple in a raging storm at night, each man armed with a katana. Only one survives. 


































 Posting a repost of a claim that "this is a repost". The circle of life continues. 




 How much are you paid to say this? I don't believe anyone could honestly believe that. 









 My mom. Wait...

No, that's right. 









 City street fight. Current movie Hulk. Movie Batmen limited to one per actor playing the role. No implied or comic powers for either side. 









 No weapons, fight takes place in open field. 




 It is a mental disorder. 




 Thanks for this, had no idea it was remade. Am definitely adding this to my list. 




 Thanks for the catch :) 



















 Again, I suggest you give it a shot 




 You really do 




 Tom Cruise was a samurai. The last one. That is also worth noting. 




 Why has no one mentioned Junior? Arnold in Junior would HORMONE RAGE. That has to be worth something. 









 Thank you for this!!! 




 One city growing as dozens of towns die out. Bragging. #texanlife 




 Duh, Jesus will make it rain when we have a Christian president, didn't you read the manual? 




 No, you don't. Texas is already importing water and tapping into aquifers that they barely have access to. They've been sued for it.  




 "Abundant water" compared to California, perhaps. But water is growing increasingly scarce in the Midwest and the aquifer is drying rapidly. This is not a California problem. This is a "Fuck, it's really affecting me personally" problem. 




 Are you a wizard? How the hell did you know that 




 Did you ask if my feet are phones? 




 City street fight 









 Twenty first century. Still trying to prove Bible accuracy. 
























 Live the average lifespan feeling occasional happiness and joy or live forever without ever feeling happy again? 




 Every naturally good person in the world, alive or dead, bands together in the western North American region against a team consisting of every naturally evil person alive or dead occupying the East. Assuming the resurrection was a one time instance that can't be repeated, who would win if the two sides went to war? 




 What are you basing this on? Will you personally fight in a war with Iran? 









 Batman visits London to help the police kill the terrorist known as 'V'. V targets Batman as an agent for an oppressive government. Only one lives through the night. Who survives? 




 Fight to the death, cage match.  




 Cage match. 24 hours to prepare. 




 Mountaintop fight to the death 







































 City street fight 




 Eventually? 




 Hopefully they do. AIPAC is disgusting. 




 Superman is in the middle of an appearance on 'The Daily Show' when Iron Bieber crashes on to the set and challenges him. 





























 Ted Cruz is a genius. 














