 No the current standard in any modernised country are MCB's which are Miniature Circuit Breakers for domestic installations. No idea why you would think otherwise for the UK. 




 Most old installations have what we call rewireable fuses that have a significantly higher trip time and ampage capacity. So therefore a large amount of current can be flowing for a lot longer before the blow. They don't exactly blow but the wire just melts and this is why we don't use them any more. The new standards in the current 17th edition wiring regs clearly state that those kind of fuses can no longer be used in rewires or new builds. Edit: this post was to indicate I wasn't talking about Cartridge fuses which are of course still legal but never used in a domestic distro board. 




 The uk has one of the highest Standards of electrical safety in the world. As below says I'll take my electric with a double safety standard any day. No earth to protect your appliances and yourself is the crazy thing. If you want a horror story try looking over at /r/electricians some of the stuff people post from the third world countries are scary as shit. 




 I will never understand why in new iterations of electrical practices they use U for voltage in equations it was explained to me why but still doesn't make much sense.... what was wrong with V! 




 Thanks for your reply mate. Yeah I understand these problems are a crux for local electrcians to deal with. Specially with how the housing market is at the moment. I have offered my services for free as well as well under a labourers daily fee and still no luck. My situation is kind of unique as well I'm not qualifying to become an electrician so to speak but to be qualified to do set lighting for the film industry which requires you to be a qualified spark. Just kind of frustrating is all!  




 Hi guys I'm new to this subreddit so just wanted some basic info and to introduce myself. I live in Wales in the UK and I'm currently studying towards fully qualifying, I am part qualified already to the C G level 2. Soon I will have finished level 3 and will be working towards my NVQ. My biggest question is, are there any Welsh electricians using this sub that could help me in the long run? All my very local companies are highly unhelpful and I'm at wits end trying to get practical experience.  So any tips or leads would be extremely helpful! Thanks in advance guys :) oh and as an edit I would like to add that I live in south wales! 




 I think you'll find that a lot of homes around the world including america but specially here in the uk still have rewirable fuses on their distribution boards. They are still legal but nowhere near as safe for blowing out in risky high amp situations. And also not legal to put in to new houses or when doing a rewire on an old house.  




