 What is Soul Level? 




 I'm not 100% sure what Soul Level is. Is that just your normal level? 




 Holy crap that would be so great! Thanks! SL is 13436
 




 This is legitimately the first time I have said aww outloud from a /r/aww picture. "Awww" 




 I love Solair. I want his armor. I would never *kill* Solair. If anyone has a character on PS3 where they wouldn't mind giving me the armor I would be forever grateful. If you do I will give you my Dark Sign! 




 Misleading title, I know. This may have been posted before, but this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XPAdlkQYYA ab_channel=REACT) makes me want to run into the room and show these kids how to play. Especially the two girls who were bitching the whole time. At least this gave some more people a chance to see dark souls, even if it was through some shitty perspective. (I am very salty about this video) 




 Any Animal Crossing fans? 




 indeed. Keep the same villagers, add more shit so we can sit and play for an hour plus. Loans for PWP would be gr8. 




 Some say he's racist... others treat him like a god. Adolf Hitler has done some crazy things, but you won't BELIEVE what he did to these Jews! 




 Taking the time to use the Wii U to do animal crossing would be a strain. The game would sell 100% better on 3DS as well. Anyone else with me? 




 I don't get it. 




 I'll try, thanks for the help! :) 




 Never been to the Depths. I went to blighttown through the valley of drakes. 




 By the "gaping dragons tail" do you mean drake sword? Like I said it's my first run. 




 :( Do I at least get his armor? 




  ed the guy with the eggs on his back at the spider lady as well.

I may have... I will check. oh... that means I have to go back to blighttown... rip me 




 D: Is there no other place to get pyromancy's flame. I know there is some way to get it if you get egg headed, but idk if that requires the daughter of chaos to be alive.  




 I think I killed him :/ I raged and went on a murderous rampage. Alot of NPC's died that day. 




 Where is he located at Firelink Shrine? 




 Where could I get a Pyromancy Flame? 




 8chan, hitler, isis, nazi, north korea, patriarchy, piccolo, satanist, stalin to name a few.
lul. Fucking Dragonball Z offends feminists :p 




 I am not a member of the Chaos covenant or whatever. Solair is my favorite NPC and would hate for him to go insane. I killed white daughter of chaos after the Quelaag fight. Any way to save him? (I am at Anor Londo, so I don't think he can go insane yet, I just want to make sure) also first play through.
 




 I am wanting to figure that out myself. :/ 




 What the *fuck* Danny!? 









 Hmm. DAMN YOU MODS! D: 




 Wow, more salt in this comment than in that entire video. 









 I have an idea for the use of the clothes hanger after the ring extraction! 














 haha, thanks. :P 




 AC for the DS emulator. You can use cheats and spawn all the bells you need! :) 




 same 




 nah 




 What is going on? 




 Hey, the only thing I got to take pics is a 3DS. If you are fine with that I will post a pic. 




 frontyard* 




 Just woke up. What the hell have I done. :P NOT a fig tree though. No fruit. Also, found a way to make this weed related. Weed won't grow under it either! (oohh noes!) 




 Seriously didn't know. Was brosing /r/all and saw /r/trees. Didn't click the photo but I thought, hey, maybe they will know. Why not /r/weed or /r/marijuana? 




 DAMMIT TREEMAN! I thought a man of trees would know this. :p 




 on a scale of 1/10 the amount of grass surrounding my tree. That does not mean pelvic hair. It means that my tree hates grass. I am not saying I hate weed. I am saying... dammit... I give up. You get what I'm trying to say right!?  




 Just realized this is a weed subreddit... *facepalm* 




 I don't have a camera to take a photo of it. It is gray and has green leaves. The leaves have 3, idk, prongs(?) It won't let any grass grow within ~3 foot radius of it. Do any of you guys know what it is? 




 Semi-off topic. From my experience, Acer is not too reliable. I have had their products often breaking and messing up. Not sure about their monitors though. Just a thought :/ 




 The fuck is that pic? I am very confused. 









 I laughed at this way too much... 




 Why are you spamming copypasta? 









 Well, the majority do. There are always a few exceptions, but most Christians do. Most Christians avoid talking about the Old Testament because of all the "Why did God kill everyone?" and the "Don't shave your sideburns" comments. :p 




 Okay, thanks for the info. Since I am not planning to buy more cards with the money should I go with TCGplayer or ebay? Which one have you had better experiences with selling cards? 




 I guess after you buy it take a vid of you scratching the marks in and save them all in a folder. Lots of work but when you are working with expensive equipment it is prob worth it. 




 Did you ask him if he was Robin Williams? 




 Ultra OP build. All you need is Super Saiyan, SS Goku's Z-Soul, and Crusher Volcano. Charge, go SS, spam Crusher Volcano, for every kill ALL your ki fills up again. 2ez4me 




 Old Testament and New Testament for Christianity. 




 I will. You are the only person to respond so far. :/ 




 I've been playing for a little while. Never needed to sell cards because I like to collect them. Then, I pulled a Voice of Resurgence foil which is supposedly worth some money. Where would I sell it? Online? Local game shop? 




 ah, I see. 




 "Do as I say, not as I do." -Linus 20?? 




 So it is just a generation of every book ever randomly? Wouldn't that take an infinite amount of time? 




 Can someone explain what this is? 




 Hey guys, speaking of PC accounts, lets exchange our PC account names. My account username is: XxX69PotatoCrusher69XxX. Also, I have PC Gold so I can play games with you. 




 Islam should have 4, Christianity should have 2, and Atheism should have a Kindle. :p 




 Ahh, I see. Thanks for the info! :) 




 I know how to take them, but how do you get them to your PC? Do you use an adapter and a SD card reader? Seems like a lot of work. 




 I really want to go on a salt filled rant about all these fatpeoplehate idiots that would get on bestof and I would have gold for 10 years. Instead, I only have 2 words. *Fuck you.* I have been a fan of Boogie for years now and it sucks how these assholes have no respect for him and what he has been through because he weighs "too much". I have been following boogie for a while and it astounds me how he gets all this hate and keeps going, keeps trying, and continues to inspire people. This dude is amazing. His fan base is just as great. He has the best community, who fucks up every asshole in the comments section who is a dick. Every time Boogie makes a video, I click it, and watch it. I will laugh, or cry. This dude has brought so much joy, and courage into my life there is nothing I can say to these pea brained bigots who don't look at *him*, but his *weight*. Also, I realize this is exactly what I said I wouldn't do earlier on in this comment... fuck. 




 What are we supposed to be seeing? A potato-quality Burger King drive-thru?  




 Also, Unpopular Opinion Puffin was banned a while ago. Que butt-hurt mods in 3... 2... [deleted] 




 I think she knows exactly what she said... (   ) ( ~  ) ( o  o) 




 Wasn't this banned? Also, how are you expecting this dumb generalization to not be downvoted into oblivion? 




 I think she knows exactly what she said... (   ) ( ~  ) ( o  o) 




