 UGHHHH I am continually disappointed in the lack of level 5 armor and racing upgrades for this masterpiece. You should be able to soup up all the diesels at least a little bit. 




 You guys are great. Thanks. 




 I think you're probably right. Going to look up more examples but that ruddy/blood/orange color is VERY similar, and the white streaking is a dead ringer.

Very much appreciate your help. 




 DrLOV might have it right. It doesn't.. have enough variation.. it would seem.. to be agate. Agate usually contains more layers of color, no? 









 http://i.imgur.com/5h6ieSj.gif

Displacement mapped to a block and spun about for shits and giggles. 














 That's my favorite outfit for Franklin, but I like to add the longer haircut, beard, and brown aviators/wingtips just to keep it 70's as fuck 




 SimCity 2000 Style 




 Little glass chillum pipe with a screen in it, take the seeds and drop them in. I don't bother grinding it up. 




 I totally JUST worked out to Catch 33, haven't listened to it in a while. I definitely pushed harder and sweat harder.

Lately my other main workout jam was "Take Me To Your Leader" by King Geedorah (MF DOOM) 




 Several good puffs a day 




 I've been smoking them for the MAOI effect. It's cumulative. Keeps your mood up by boosting endogenous chemicals you already use to regulate yourself. I've been doing it for a couple weeks now. I like it. It hangs back. You don't feel high, you just feel up. Doesn't affect how much attention you can pay to anything. 




 Upvote for "Dodgy" 




 My friend and I were discussing how it's the "Skinemax filter" look. I miss the days of not having the decryption key for porn channels on your cable box hahaha 









 Uh oh! The Club can't even handle THIS GUY! 




 Ego depletion is a known side effect with certain drugs like MDMA, but a blanket statement is never going to prove out. It's unbecoming. 









 He just couldn't afford the matching George Foreman Grill. Next month maybe.. 




 YES 




 It's from MAPS so I can't give you any price break on it even though you're trying to buy a sheet.

Oh did I say sheet, I meant it's liquid.

Actually, sorry dawg it's on candy actually. 




 YLYL [on a conference call and almost lost my shit here] 




 The glutamate rush from a good dose of sulbutiamine is pretty unmistakeable and your senses stay heightened for several hours. It's very very dopaminergic, but it's a fleeting sensation that you cannot achieve many times, it seems now I am immune to "feeling it" as a drug state but still get the benefits of being more active despite that. 









 I don't know I mean, I definitely felt this effect when trying to chase the sulbutiamine glutamate rush I got the first few times I did it. No idea when it'll ever trigger again. Doubt it will. 




 ATL Reporting for Duty. 









 But nobody bothers to note that there was an X3.3 flare from the Sun this past week which hurtles an incredible amount of electromagnetic torque outward into the interplanetary magnetic field? I'd say that's a more likely culprit. 




 "Crrrush the Allies in the Amyrikan Capitale" 









 South of the Mason-Dixon Line.  Oop. 




 Broadcast via Potato 




 I love all the stone in the bathroom. 




 I mean, he's right, I am, but I was just being facetious. 




 In your defense, I am American; I was joking though.
I wouldnae stopped by if I didn't think it was a pretty sweet looking house. 




 Tiger on a gold leash you say?

http://vimeo.com/66209369 




 "#CartelLife" 




 Looks like he spent a lot of time in the hot equatorial sun being stressed out, to me. 




 Yeah if the ramp truck would contact the ground that'd be so sweet 




 (The point where a planet isnt to close to its star where temperatures soar over 300 degrees! And where the planet isnt to far away where everything freezes. The conditions are perfect! Earth is also orbiting in the Goldilocks zone). 


its*, too*, too*

Does Buzzfeed proof anything that they post? 




 James Blake 3 




 Came here to assure that the 101's got covered. Thanks. 




 The front fell off. 




 Pansy! 




 Shock is great for that. Why bother writhing in panic and making it worse?  




 How timely! 




 I was coming here to say "Uh what's with that"
/r/mildlyinfuriating  




 Get some endorphins flowing and forgive yourself.
I get stuck in a loop sometimes and will do a set of pushups or similar.

Easier to break the mental loop if you engage the body.
Be kind to yourself. 




 420 blaze it faqq0t 




 u haven't tried ndoge yet tho, ur missin out man 




 I agree. This is a run of the mill Hooptie. As an Atlantan I am neither phased nor disappointed proper by this vehicle. I like the posts about ugly wings and mismatched bodykits or aggrandized Geo Metro's and misapproriated high-dollar decal work. 




 Yeah which means the truck should be even more indestructible.
Again - running over a little compact or some piddly SUV shouldn't even make a dent in the truck.

But yeah. 




 //Cue tomato throwing at Dubai's falsity of being// 









 Ahhhh good call. 




 Cause* 




 Been playing around with the Heavy Dump Industrial mining truck and I find it ridiculous that you can destroy a 35 ton truck by running over a compact car.

There's no way it should explode from that interaction. Pop the tires? Sure.
Anyone else think that's absurd? 




